 Chapter 11 

"Did you really run away from a judge, Mischief, and our parents for some nookie?" 

I paused for a second, considering. Then nodded once. "Yes." I sucked her head back in, rolling it around with my tongue, and she gulped. 

Her voice had a faint tremble that made me smile. "I'm not complaining, but... why?" 

I thought. And then I stood up, giving her cock one more tug before I let go. I reached down and froze. Instead of my lovely prison togs, I was wearing a nice evening dress, and I'd been so out of it I hadn't noticed yet. And from the feel of it, also some decent lingerie. I remembered Mischief's transformation magic starting at my feet, and sent her a mental thanks. 

I locked eyes with Emily. Then I reached down and slipped out of my panties. She stared at me, eyes taking in my figure, her lips parting. 

I slid back into her lap, this time straddling her. Her hands came up automatically, holding my waist. I could feel her cock start to harden just below me, and carefully kept my smile from showing. And I searched for the right words. 

"Emily." I swallowed. "Back on the island... I was holding back." She opened her mouth, but I pressed a finger to her lips. "Let me finish. I was. I was scared. Some of it was what I told you, about hurting you. Some of it was..." I hesitated, but plowed ahead. "I'm not... beautiful. Like you. I'm older. I don't know what you see in me. But," I rushed, "whatever it is, I'm glad for it." 

We were silent for a moment. I wasn't sure what she was feeling, what she was thinking. I let myself speak, hoping somehow the right thing would come out. "I'm not... no, I'm still afraid. Of a lot of things. But what I'm most afraid of is losing you. So I'm not holding back. I want all of you. And I want you to have all of me." I rocked back against her cock, and she hissed. 

She still wasn't saying anything. I swallowed and kept going, feeling the tears starting to gather. "But I... I don't want you to think this is just physical. There's just so much bullshit today, and you were there, and I wanted you. But you waited for me, and that was wonderful and amazing. So," I finished, "if you don't want to right now, we don't have to-" 

I squeaked as her grip tightened and she rolled us. For a second my combat reflexes reared up, but I fought them down, and then I was staring up at her. I was on my back on the couch, my legs spread. She was huge and hard and pressed right up against me, missionary style, and I made a noise deep in my throat at the feel of her. Unconsciously I moved my hips, rubbing against her, and she closed her eyes and groaned. Then she opened them, leaned down and kissed me hard.  

I surrendered to her, letting her take my mouth with her lips and tongue, and she left me gasping. There was something primal and elemental about this position, her size - not just her cock, but so much physically stronger and heavier than me - that was an incredible turn on. It was ridiculous, of course. I could have gotten away at any time. But I didn't want to. Maybe some other time I would have been a little upset at the possessive, dominant stance she was taking, but this second it just seemed perfect, and I welcomed it. Hell, I'd literally asked for it. 

She broke the kiss and pushed up with her hands. I was disappointed for a moment, but then she ran her hands up my legs, and my eyes widened. She pushed them back, my knees ending up on the sides of my head as I was folded almost in half. She looked down at me, and the raw heat in her eyes made my heart pound and left my mouth dry. 

Her voice was a whisper. "Stay there." I nodded dumbly. She ran her hands down my legs, and my breath came faster as she cupped my ass, her strong fingers digging in and making me tremble. She stared down at me, breathing hard, her eyes wild. She ran her hands up my ass and over my body, then up my chest. I groaned as she cupped my breasts, and then she made a frustrated sound as she tried to push my bra up and off. I concentrated, and then the bra was on the floor. 

Her eyes widened with surprise, but she recovered quickly and a second later she filled her hands with my tits, her palms rough against my nipples. Then she moved her thumbs up, circling and pressing, and I panted and moaned as she teased and worked me toward a frenzy, stimulating but not giving me what I really wanted. 

She stopped and slid her hands down, running them over my body, exploring. Her voice was hoarse. "You have no idea how long I've wanted this. How much I want you." It seemed like her hands were everywhere, caressing, squeezing, and I couldn't help it as I twisted and pressed against her, my own lust inflamed by the raw need in her voice. "You're perfect." 

She paused, and that let me catch my breath. For a moment we stared at each other. She moved her hands again, slower, but avoiding any of the areas I really wanted her to be touching. She looked at me, her heart in her eyes. "It's not just this, Julia. Sex. I do want that, but-" 

I cut her off, reaching up and pulling her down to me. I looked into her eyes, then kissed her softly. "I love you." 

She squeezed me and kissed my throat, and I gasped as her tongue ran over my neck. Her voice was muffled. "I love you too." 

I turned and spoke in her ear. I put everything I was feeling, all my love and lust and wanton sluttiness into it. I was going to need it - I wasn't up to being particularly articulate just then. "Then fuck me, Emily. Fuck me, own me, take me-" 

She inhaled sharply, then moved, cutting me off as my voice trailed off into a moan. We locked eyes as the head of her cock found my opening, just barely pushing into me. Then she started forward, and I bit my lip and closed my eyes. 

Two inches. Three. Four. Five. She was so huge, filling me, stretching me. My voice was a moan. "Oh, god. I was wrong." 

She paused, concerned. "What's... are you ok?" I liked that she stopped, although the fact that she was practically vibrating with impatience to keep going was making it hard for me to concentrate. 

I did my best, working on relaxing. "No, I'm good. Mmmm. It's just, uh. You remember that first blowjob." Her eyes crossed a bit at the non sequitur, but she nodded. "I. Oh wow. I remember thinking you were big, but not gigantic." She looked confused, and I made myself smile. "I was wrong." 

She got it and grinned, but her voice was still serious. "Do I need to stop?" I felt her start to pull back, and I reached up my hands and grabbed her hair. 

"If you start to pull out, I'm going to have to move my legs so I can wrap them around you." She stopped, hesitating, and I pulled her down for another kiss. "Just go slow." I rocked my hips, working her cock, and she made an inarticulate noise. I gave her my best dirty smile. "At first." 

She pulled her hips back, but from the look in her eyes I didn't think I need to worry. Then she moved back forward. Slowly, exquisitely careful, she worked her way into me. Out, in, circling, as I gasped and clutched at her, a half inch at a time, until finally I felt her balls nestle against my ass and I knew I had all of her. 

We lay there, clutching each other. I loved the feeling of connection, of her wrapped around me, her cock fully sheathed, pulsing and warm and hard. I would have been happy to just lie there and enjoy her, but she had other ideas. 

She pulled out, just a few inches, then pushed back in. She closed her eyes as she hilted back into me, and her voice was hoarse. "You feel so fucking good." I ran my hands over her back, then down, caressing the sides of her breasts through her dress, enjoying her shuddering response to my touch. Then she was kissing me fiercely, hands cradling my head, and she started fucking me. 

She was still being careful and slow at first. But I'm not exactly a delicate flower, and at this point I was ready for her. I let her know with my hands and my cries that she should speed up, and with the not-so-sweet nothings I whispered in her ear. She was hesitant, but when I kept encouraging her she sped up, harder and faster, giving me more with each thrust until she was pounding in and out, almost her full length every time. With her size I knew I was going to be sore once my body stopped pumping happy juice into my brain, but in the moment that sounded like a more than fair trade. 

I could feel myself getting close, and prepared myself. It took all of my willpower and concentration, but I held the necessary steps in my mind even as she took me to the edge. I held myself there as long as I could, straining, pleasure pulsating through me in time with her movements. Feeling her work me with her cock, saying my name over and over, knowing she was getting close as well. But finally it was too much, and I had to act or risk orgasm. 

She faltered for a second as I ported us - not actual movement, just a slight positional adjustment, but enough that with this new angle I could hold back. I didn't want to let her think, to realize what I'd done, and I redoubled my encouragements. Her tits were right in my face, and it was the work of a moment to free them and bring a nipple to my mouth, biting down on her heavy globe and drawing a cry from her. I circled her other nipple with my hand, then pinched hard, lifting my mouth just long enough to beg her to cum and fill me up. She strained, then with a wordless shout she pushed all the way into me and was cumming. 

And cumming. And cumming. I started as I realized she was refilling herself, her balls pulsing where they rested against my ass. I opened my mouth to ask her to stop, but by then it was too late and I just closed it and let my head fall back, exhausted. I wanted to squirm - it was an extremely odd sensation, feeling her fill me, flooding my womb. I was glad my implant was still active. 

Finally she stopped, and for a few minutes we just lay there unmoving. As always after sex I felt vaguely unsatisfied, but I pushed it away with the ease of long practice, concentrating on the good parts and ignoring that I had to stop before I peaked. She'd collapsed on me, her comforting weight pressing down, her breath hot against my neck as she panted against it. I felt her cock softening, but she pulled her knees up and nestled up against me, pushing as close as she could, and she was big enough even now to keep the seal. Well, mostly. I could feel some of her cum slowly leaking, running down my butt, and I apologized silently to whoever actually owned this couch. 

My pussy, as expected, was aching. And not in the good way. But my legs were killing me from holding this position, and I made a mental note to start yoga back up ASAP. The island, followed by prison, hadn't been good for keeping in shape. And from the look in her eyes when we'd started this she found my flexibility... inspiring. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore, and I patted her back. "Emily." She mumbled something against my neck. I kissed her ear. "I need to move my legs, or I'm going to cramp up." She mumbled again, then pushed herself up slowly, making sure to keep herself lodged in me. I lowered my legs with a sigh of relief and wrapped them around her waist with trembling muscles. She lowered herself back down but I redirected her, pulling her in for a kiss, and for a few minutes we made out, languid, exploring each other while still locked together. I stopped when I felt her start to stiffen back up. 

She pushed up on her arms and looked down, studying me. I couldn't read her expression. She spoke softly. "You didn't cum." It was a statement, and I looked away, my face heating. I knew I shouldn't really be embarrassed, but I couldn't help my reaction. She reached down and turned my face toward me, kissing me softly. She raised an eyebrow. "RPU?" 

I nodded silently. Lots of supers never develop Reflexive Power Use. And even if they do... well, most superpowers aren't potentially deadly if used uncontrollably. Unfortunately for me, teleportation isn't one of them. I'd stopped trying for orgasms when one tryst ended with a couple of broken bones. 

She kissed me again, soft and gentle, dispelling my anxiety. We went back to relaxing and holding each other with some mildish petting. But... I knew we didn't have a lot of time. I reached out with my mind, searching. These old government buildings often had a physical clock... there. I grimaced, and she looked at me confused. I patted her butt. "We only have a few minutes, we should get cleaned up and head back." 

She stared down at me, her eyes dark and heated. Slowly, experimentally, she pulled out and pushed back in, and I moaned as I felt her start to harden again. I gulped. "We, we don't have time." She kept silent, repeating the motion, and I couldn't help but writhe as she moved her cock. My voice was higher in pitch. "Emily!" 

She leaned down and spoke, her voice matter of fact, still slowly pumping in and out. "Are you going to stop me?" With each thrust I could feel more of her previous load drain out, her cum coating my ass and making me feel wanton and dirty. 

I took a moment to consider. This was a horrible idea. I was still sore. We were already playing hooky, and now we were going to be late. People could walk in on us. And frankly, we were going to be loud. Or at least I was. 

So was I going to port away from her? I met her eyes. My voice was a fierce whisper. "Never." She paused for a second, then resumed that careful back-and-forth motion. I swallowed, my heart in my throat, and wrapped my arms around her. "Never from you, love." 

She stopped, looking down at me. Her kiss was rough and hard. She broke it and spoke in my ear. "Then," she said as she resumed making love to me, "now that I know what you need, I am going to fuck you again. I'm going to take you right to the edge. And I'm going to hold you there until you can't stand another second." 

I tried to think of a way to respond to that. But her cock was starting to feel really, really good. The soreness in my legs was fading as pleasure spread through my body. And my ability to form coherent thoughts seemed to be faulty. So I settled for, "Ok." 

And then she did. 

* * * 

"Alright, spill." 

I didn't bother cracking an eye, just stretched out further. It had been more than a month since I'd really slept properly, and even if I was back in the cell just having the bedding actually on the bed was a luxury. Not as nice as the fact that I could sense my surroundings again, but still much more comfy. And let's just say that after my recreational activities earlier, be able to lie down and relax was a bit of a relief. 

Mischief tapped her foot impatiently, and I grinned. Although technically not allowed, she'd followed me in and no one here had had the balls to tell her no. As soon as I thought that, I frowned. I made my voice gentle as I sat up, wincing slightly as my thighs twinged. "Angela... remember what you asked me to do? Way back then?" 

Her foot stopped. She sketched a chair out of thin air, some sort of complicated recliner deal, and with a snap of her fingers it solidified and thumped down to the ground. She sank back into it with a sigh before putting her feet up. She sat for a moment, thinking before speaking. "Yes. And I'm watching myself, I promise. This is for a friend, not my own personal benefit." 

I leaned my head back against the wall. I wasn't exactly sure I was up to helping the world's most powerful super keep herself from being corrupted by power... but I knew she was deathly afraid of it after Mayhem's descent into depravity. And I had promised I'd try. 

I made my voice wry. "How exactly is asking about-" I paused as a thought struck me. She gave me a look, and I motioned subtly to the walls and ceiling. 

She waved her hand dismissively. "I disabled the sound and blurred the video. They can see the basics, but they can't hear us or read lips." 

I felt myself relax. "Ok. But really, how is asking about my sex life helping out a friend?" I raised an eyebrow. 

She laughed, then pouted at me. "Hey, I covered for you. I think you owe me at least something." Her grin turned wicked. "I still can't believe you made me do that just so you could go get laid." 

I blushed. I couldn't help it. "It's just... I felt overwhelmed. Getting my powers back, then the fight, then the making up, then her mom and mine and..." I trailed off for a second. "I just needed to get away. As for the rest..." I thought. But what the hell. I let my voice go a bit dreamy. "It was... nice." 

She snorted. "Nice. Right. I think I deserve more than that." But the next look she gave me was more serious. With a tiny hint of wistfulness that I might have been imagining. "It's good to see you happy." 

I shifted uncomfortably. After Mischief rescued me and was helping me recover - personally, since I'd begged her not to let anyone know - there had been a few... call them sparks. Signs of interest. And maybe in an alternate universe where I hadn't spent three days being raped by her twin, that would have led somewhere. Of course, then we probably never would have met in the first place. And besides, I was currently a very taken woman. 

Still... I made myself remember that moment of pure relief when she'd finally rescued me, and my smile was unforced. "Thanks. And thanks for coming today." 

She shook her head, and her voice was quiet. "You don't ever have to thank me. What Mayhem did..." 

I sat forward, earlier angst forgotten. I made my voice firm. "No. None of it was your fault. You rescued me, and you killed her. And I'm grateful for both of those things." 

She looked away. "It's kind of you to say that." 

I frowned. Then ported over next to her. She looked up at me, startled, and I kept my voice soft. "One thing I've learned is that life is about choices, Angela. They define us. You choose to be good. I made choices that... well. They weren't the best. Now I'm choosing to change. But what your sister chose defined her. It doesn't define you." 

She sat forward, staring at the floor. Her voice was anguished. "You don't understand. We are-" she swallowed hard. "We were the same. Always. We knew what the other was thinking, what they we were doing." She lifted her hand, fingers flashing, and she stared as she summoned cards, then fire, then a globe... "We got the same powers. We decided on our names, our costumes together. And then we flipped a coin." She closed her hand, cutting off the images. Her voice was rough. "So... so if I was Mayhem. Then I-" 

I cut her off, putting my hand on hers. "Then you would have rescued me and killed Mischief, and a couple of names would have been different in the history books. You are not the same person as her, Angela. I know that better than anyone. A coin flip could never change that." 

She bowed her head, crying, and I held her hand. I sighed silently. It seemed like my life was mostly drama recently, and I wondered idly if I'd somehow been placed into a reality soap. I thought, then grimaced. But if it would lighten the mood... 

I patted her hand. "You know, once you're done doing that, I'll tell you all the details you were asking about earlier." 

She sniffled, then sat up and grinned weakly, arching an eyebrow at me. "All the details, you say?" 

I mock groaned, then ported back to the bed so I could sit down for this. It was going to be a long afternoon.