 Thalia. The greatest city in all of the Liberian Empire. The year is 241, and the morning dew is still on the grass. All through out the city, people are waking up. Most of them already opening their fruit stands, vegetable stands, cloths, and just other spoils of fashion. Pretty much, anything you wanted, you could buy, and it wasn't expensive. Even the poorest merchants could afford the finest diamonds, the ones that the empress herself would wear. 

The Counsel had been making deals with almost every neighboring city. They weren't spending a dime, everything was one hundred percent profit. No one knew how they were able to do it, but no one seemed to care. Finally things had been easy on the citizens of Thalia. 

Outside of the city gates, little towns had been housing areas for many farmers of the outskirts. In one of these towns, just a little east of the city, maybe a notch to the north, was a kid no more older than that of seventeen. Pretty much a man now, his name is Attilius. 

A pale skinned boy with dark hair, he lives with his mother, taking care of her, for his father had died in the early war Thalia had fought against it's sister city, Adalia. Attilius had been an apprentice of the towns blacksmith, Killian, who also was teaching Attilius a bit of sword play. 

Attilius had been meaning to take a trip to the city today. He had to make some gold, and selling his crop was pretty much the only way. Besides, he thought he might get to meet a lady today. 

That was his favorite part of going into the great city. The richer, older, exotic women would pay to have poor merchants caress their bodies. And they would pay damn good for it. Attilius had started putting his fruits and vegetables in a cart, throwing a bit of meat in a hay sack and tossing it on top. 

"Hey there, Attilius, looks like I'm not going to be able to help brush up on your fighting skills today," Killian had said, a bit of dissatisfaction on his face. But then just a shrug of the shoulders.

"Not a problem my friend, I need to give you some rest!" Attilius so kindly replied, giving Killian a smile and a laugh. Killian, also laughing, waves a farewell.

Attilius grabbed the handles to the cart and started hauling it up the hillside to the road, beginning his short journey to the gates. The sun was just over the hill, showing that it was still early. He had plenty of time to get into town to meet a lady. 

They usually started walking the streets with their servants at about noon. But he still felt he needed to hurry, though made no effort at all. Upon arriving at the gates, he nodded at the two guards and they directed him in. They recognized the regulars, but stopped and searched the people they didn't see all the time. 

Attilius had to wait for Valere to arrive. He owned the certain area that they used on the street to set up shop. Once Valere was there, Attilius could do whatever he wanted. Valere never stuck around long, just gave a few demands and told Attilius about any appointment customers that should be coming around. 

Those were customers who asked for specific orders, and the items must be sold only to them, or business is lost. 

It had just turned noon, and the first lady he'd seen all day had approached Attilius. She was a fairly average height, and her belly protruded, but only a little bit. She had light brown hair, and the swing of her hips was enough to hypnotize any man, especially of his social status. 

Only on rare occasions did you see a lady of her magnificence in these streets. She stopped in front of him, grabbed his face by his chin, and examined both sides. She then grabbed his cock, and pulled him closer to her.

"How much do you ask for, boy?" she didn't ask, she demanded. Firmly for that matter.

"Madam, I'll take whatever you offer, I'm not picky."

"Hm, you seem to be a nice subject, I don't need to know your name though, boy," she said, almost cruelly, but with a hint of seduction. "I would like to get you a little better though, I have a wagon, if you want to join me, meet me at the corner in about ten minutes. I promise you won't regret a single thing if you do so."

"I'll be there, don't you worry about that!" Attilius was closing up his stand, the other shop boy should be here shortly anyways. "In fact, I'll walk with you."

So he joined her, while she grabbed his arm, and pulled him in this direction, and then that. They walked for a good bit, and ended up arriving at a wagon at the city gates. It was a white wagon, being pulled by two completely black horses. 

Her servant climbed aboard the front, while Attilius was told to get inside, followed by the lady. The servant snapped the reins and the wagon tugged, then it slowly began to get faster. 

"It's a pleasure that I make your acquaintance, m'lady," Attilius was staring at her legs, as she was gently pulling up the thigh of her dress. "What was it exactly that you needed some help with?"

"Well, you see, my husband has been away on, government business," she began, pulling the shoulder of the dress down, and then the other side. "So I'm not getting the attention I need, boy." At this time, she pointed to the corner, where Attilius had turned to see a pearl white hookah, with a long golden hose. She had on a silver tray, a bunch of little purple-ish blue leaves, which Attilius had known only to be Loto Viola. The highly euphoric herb that's spread across the empire. 

Also on the tray, two goblets and a bottle of most likely the finest wine in all of Liberia. "So naturally, I call upon a young fine man like yourself for my services. So your going to do everything I tell you to, and when we're done, I'll pay you." 

He looked at her, puffed on the purple leaves and exhaled. 

"I'll do everything!" he said, "promise?" he said, starting to feel the herb in his head. Attilius had moved his hand to her thigh, enticed in the aroma of the leaves and clouded by the beautiful woman undressing before his eyes. The lady had opened up a flap to see the servant driving, and told him to stop there. 

And as the wagon was turning, he could see a river, and it's bank, and a path leading to a secluded area, blocked off by trees. Then the flap shut and he turned to look at the lady's eyes. Her lips were a pale blue, her eyes, maybe an ice blue. 

Attilius, now kissing her stomach, and moving down her legs, stopping only to suck on her toes for just a little bit.