 "Can you hear me?" the lady was talking rather so loudly. Attilius was back in his seat, her staring at him. "Is it taking you over, yet?" Now her voice was almost trailing. And his was no more then a slur.

Thinking to himself, Attilius had decided that it was the loto viola. He was beginning to have visions of his utter most desires. But it had felt so real. Or maybe he couldn't even distinguish what was real. 

"Boy, bring your face towards me," she grabbed his hair, not pulling, and directed his face to her legs, signaling him to kiss up and down them. She had apparently changed her mind now, and wanted him to stand.

Attilius didn't care, the loto viola was too deep in his brain now. All he wanted was her. Standing, eyes half closed, he felt her put her warm lips around his cock. Squeezing his balls, she worked his shaft like no girl could have. 

"Okay boy," the lady now grabbed his hand and opened the door to the wagon. It was dark now. Attilius wondered how long they had been riding in there. The servant must have started a fire, because Attilius knew it was real, he could feel the heat. 

The lady had gotten on the ground in front of Attilius, on her hands and knees. He knew what that meant, and he quickly got behind her. Grabbing her hips and aiming the head of his cock at her pussy, he slammed into her hard the first time. Another vision must have hit him. Attilius had seen himself and the lady in a well lit room. On a bed, the lady on her hands and knees, but Attilius had his cock in her ass.

He flashed back to reality, and to his surprise he didn't see the lady in front of him. But instead felt a warm cock in his mouth. He knew it was the servant when he seen him, but Attilius just wanted more. 

So he kept sucking on this cock. Also to his surprise, this man was bigger than himself. Attilius heard the servant grunt, and then felt him buck. Then he felt it, the warm cum going down his throat. 

"Good boy, now," the lady had a smile on her face, "you must fuck my servant. I'll sit here."

Attilius couldn't say anything. The loto viola now was too overwhelming. He did what he was told. The servant was now laying on his side on the ground. Attilius, still enticed, wiggled himself on top of him, rolling the servant to his back. He began kissing the servant's stomach. Licking his belly button and rubbing the head of his cock over his tongue. 

Atillius began to move behind him, also getting on his side now and moving the servant back to his. He rubbed the man's thighs. They were hairless, as smooth as any woman's legs. His ass was the same, and Attilius made it a point to put a finger in his ass and make the servant wriggle. 

The lady looked at Attilius, their eyes meeting just when the servant gave a loud gasp. Atillius had entered his puckered asshole. His hips bucking at this beautiful ass, his hand on the man's cock, stroking. The servant had already cum on Attilius' hand, but he was hoping to cum in his ass. The lady got down and sucked her servant's dick while Attilius pumped him. 

The men, alternating gasps, came to a slow stop when Attilius had cum. Simultaneously, the servant had cum in the lady's mouth. Now the two men separated, and watched the lady swallow the juices, and then engaged in a passionate kiss. 

"Now boys, it's my turn!"

She pretty much jumped at Attilius. She sat atop him, putting his cock in her pussy. Now she was riding him. This was real. He looked down, watching his cock disappear in her pussy. He also seen the servant readying to enter her from the back. 

After a couple seconds, she gasped, and the motion resumed. Soon, the lady had started to moan really loud. Anyone around could have heard it, luckily no one was around. 

She had cum, and didn't care much if the men did. Though she allowed them to keep going as they pleased. Once both of them had finished, The lady had gotten dressed and in the cart, as did Attilius and the servant began cracking the reins.

"You did very good, boy." The lady was covered in sweat from head to toe. "Here's your gold, I'll be coming to you again. So be ready for a surprise sometime soon."

"Oh my god, that's gotta be at least three hundred coins!" Attilius had never gotten that much for his services before. This was almost unheard of.

"Three hundred and fifty, actually," she said, handing him a glass of wine. He gladly accepted the gold and the wine. Attilius had fallen asleep on the way back to the city, due to the loto viola. 

Apparently, when he awoke he thought the lady must've just dropped him off outside his town. It was really late and he needed to get home. He walked up to his house, opened the door, and collapsed on his mat of a bed, and fell asleep, exhausted.