 This is a work of fiction. All characters are over 18 years of age. Do not reproduce, in whole or part, any of this story.

This is based on a dream that I had the other day. I never got to finish the dream, so the last half is my imagination filling in. Enjoy!

*

The woman woke in a strange place. It had the look and feel of a dungeon--cold echoing stone with chains hanging from the walls--but one unlike any she'd ever read about or imagined. Green and brown slime coated the stone walls of the vast, cavernous room and ran along the floor, winding its way around huge rocks, flowing into a river so thick that a bridge of massive boulders, roughly hewn into squares, had been built across it. She lay on one side of the giant bridge, unbound hair cascading down her back in waves. She realized abruptly she was naked, laying on the cold, rough floor. A narrow gold chain circled, cold, around her neck, with a connecting chain sliding between her firm, full breasts to connect the collar to another chain riding around her slender waist.

A sudden sound across the cavernous space made her look up. A man had entered. He was tall, at least 6'4", with rippling muscles in his arms and torso, a trimmed, graying beard, and a chain like hers around his body, but with thicker links, made to hold a greater strength. Another difference was the leather cloth wrapped around his hips, hiding his nakedness. His cold blue eyes leered at her body in appreciation, taking in her flowing golden hair, long toned limbs, silky skin the color of cream, and full, pouting, rosy lips—lips men had told her were made for kissing—and, most of all, her fear, quivering through her like rain on the surface of water; but he looked at her as though he'd seen many like her before. For lack of other company, and feeling somehow that it was safer to be near someone, anyone, she started to move toward the man across the bridge. That was when HE entered. 

Though she could not immediately pinpoint anything immediately arresting about him, nothing that would make her stop and stare if she was walking down the street, besides his large size, something made her pause in her movements. His frame seemed to fill the room; at easily 7' tall, with massively wide shoulders, huge muscles rippling across his bare, tanned body, and shoulder-length wavy blond hair. He wasn't breathtakingly handsome, but an inner response tore through her, much too strong to deny, as his icy silver eyes seemed to pierce straight through her.

The feeling brought her to her knees, spiraling straight out from somewhere deep inside her core--she could feel her pussy dripping wet within seconds, the moisture starting to run down her legs as the dirt and grit of the bridge cut into her palms. Some extraordinarily mystical power drew her to him. She started to crawl forward on hands and knees across the rough stone bridge, unable to force her body to do anything else.

"Come across, if you can." the first man said, his deep voice as mocking as the sneer on his face.

She understood what he meant almost immediately. The moment she began to move nearer to the pair, the feeling intensified, soaring through her in orgasmic waves seemingly stronger than a tsunami swell, but leaving her unable to peak her pleasure.

The closer she got to the second man—if he truly was just a man—the stronger the reaction became, until she was almost convulsing on the floor, unable to hold herself completely upright on her hands and knees, but unable to stop moving forward. She felt desperate to touch him, with an unexplained need from deep inside and kept creeping slowly over the coarse floor toward him.

Looking up briefly, her desperate blue eyes met his cold silver ones. His wide, arrogant smile, perfect white teeth flashing in his smooth-shaven, tanned face, nearly made her cum right there on the floor, without a single touch.

"That's it, pet," his whiskey smooth voice purred confidently. "Come to me."

With a soft scream of desperation, she collapsed immediately from the sound of his voice, back arching up off the floor, rapture almost, but not quite, overwhelming her as she frantically grasped with her mind to try and reach some kind of relief to the intense pressure of her pleasure. It was as if there was a block to her orgasm. 

Seeming to read her mind, the first man spoke again, mockingly.

"You will not be able to cum, girl, until he orders. You are bound to him, body and soul, to serve HIS pleasure, and he commands you to cum...or not."

Her body wracked in pleasurable agony from head to toe, the only response she could give was a distraught moan.

HE touched her then, his finger running down her spine to her buttocks, leaving sparks of sensation in its wake, cupping a cheek softly, weighting it softly it in his hand before one large finger found its way from behind to the opening between her legs. She thought she would die, flashes going off in her head, blinding her mind, as the digit slid across her wet lips and flicked against her clit. Her legs gave out altogether and she collapsed onto her side. She could barely form a coherent thought around the pleasure going off in her body like rockets. As he moved closer she could only lie there, staring up at his body. 

She hadn't seen his cock before...not that it probably would have made a speck of difference to her unholy need for him. Now the sight of his member, thick and aroused between his rock-solid legs, both terrified and thrilled her. 

What remained of her sane mind told her body to flee...to run as fast as her legs could possibly carry her. Her useless body, however, refused to cooperate. She couldn't have run if her life depended on it--which she almost wondered now.

He was huge; at least 13 inches long and so thick that if she tried to wrap both hands around him, they would barely reach. An agonized cry tore from her moist, open lips as she realized in a flash of clarity that he would expect her untried, virgin body to take every inch inside her. The smug grin on his face told her that much.

He squatted down, bringing his thick, powerful rod just above her face as she rolled onto her back. His hand caressed her cheek softly, and laughed arrogantly as she turned instinctively into the touch, lips and tongue reaching for something to suck on. He placed his wide thumb on her bottom lip and she sucked it inside her warm mouth, using her tongue to massage it. She felt humiliated at her reaction, but would not have been able to behave any differently. Her mind was no longer in control of her own body. She could feel every speck of herself giving in to him...and he had only touched her twice. 

He stood abruptly and turned to the first man.

"I am pleased, Mica," he told him, "You've done well. Go now."

As the servant left, he turned back, the gleam in his eye so predatory that her body spasmed inside and out in expectation of his intentions. 

"Let's get to know one another," he said with a chuckle.

With a snap of his fingers she was suddenly in another room, a dry one, though still made of stone, lying on a gigantic bed, resplendent in silk and velvet, her arms bound above her head to the center of the bed frame. As he stalked toward her, she whimpered again, her back arching off the bed as her frail human body tried to contain the pleasure she gained just from his presence, body thrashing to and fro on the coverlet. 

His hand came down to wrap around his cock, and her eyes could no longer look anywhere else, her mouth watering as she strained against her bonds to try and touch him, the silk lined cuffs digging into her skin. With a smile and a chuckle, he let her feel him, sliding the satiny head of his cock across her foot. Moans and whimpers fell continuously from her mouth as she wordlessly begged for more, her toes curling as she ineffectually tried to bring him closer. With another snap of his fingers, he at last obliged her, the shackles falling off her arms. 

She thought the few seconds it took for her to scramble to his feet would kill her with frustration, but in no time she was on her knees on the carpeted floor in front of him, eyes raised in plea for his cock to touch her lips. She didn't have to wait long. He stooped and cupped the back of her head, bringing her open mouth to the head of his throbbing organ and rubbing the weeping head across her lips. Her tongue slipped hesitantly out between her rosy lips, gathering up the salty-sweet drops of pre-cum from his hot, velvet skin. Finally, he pushed it inside. 

Without a doubt it was the best she had ever tasted, even in spite of the fact she hadn't tasted very many. Think of tasting a $100,000 glass of wine when you've only ever tried the boxed kind. She couldn't get enough of his thick, musky meat and began frantically sucking him. He let her have free reign for a few minutes, watching her eager, amateur efforts, but soon became impatient with her feeble attempts to take him fully in her mouth. Keeping his hand firm at the back of her head, he drove his hips forward, driving himself down her throat. She stopped sucking and simply took it, his cock sliding in and out of her throat too fast for her tongue to respond...she simply had to remember to breathe before he drove back inside. 

After only a few minutes more he tired of fucking her mouth. He lifted and tossed her onto the bed as though she weighed nothing at all, his body following seconds later to envelop hers, his solid, tree-trunk like limbs resembling pillars on all sides of her as his mouth swooped down to take possession of her mouth.

She could not have described it any other way but as a possession. He did not wait for her to surrender. His tongue invaded instantly, sweeping inside and tangling with her own tongue, seducing it out to play. She kissed him back with abandon, feeling sparks of arousal flickering all over her silky skin and building ever higher between her legs, her pussy, beginning to feel the strain of constant arousal for so long, gushing impossibly wetter.

As he continued to take pleasure in her mouth, his right hand came up and engulfed her round, firm breast, his thumb flicking across the pebbled nipple hard, curving her up against his muscled body. His mouth followed next close behind his fingers, and she thought he meant to swallow her whole as he suckled her, alternating between suckling and nibbling on her creamy skin.

Now his left hand was in motion on her other breast, massaging the flesh and pinching her nipple in turn. When his mouth began to travel lower the thought crossed her mind that she would die of pleasure before anything more could happen. 

His wet tongue and sharp teeth never left her skin, leading a path of fiery desire straight down her body. He stopped and looked up at her when he reached her mound, mouth halfway open, tongue peeking between his glistening teeth. Without warning he swooped down, open mouth engulfing her clit in tight, wet warmth. Her body came all the way off the bed, and then crashed back down. Pleasure in waves so intense she screamed aloud, hearing the echoes of her cry as the surge overwhelmed her...but she could not cum. 

She almost fainted; the pleasure peaked so intense, when he slid a finger inside her. Even the single digit stretched her, which should have panicked her with the thought of things to come, but she was too far gone to think that far ahead in her body's reckless race for fulfillment. 

When his digit reached her maidenhead his eyes flicked up to her face, shining, intensely pleased. She could tell without words he was gloating at being the first to touch her. She knew in the next second how incredibly aroused he really was at the discovery of her virginity when he stopped eating her and straightened to his knees between her legs. 

His cock and balls hung heavy, swaying slightly, and her eyes again locked on the sight. She whimpered fearfully and a conceited grin flashed on his face, white teeth shining, as he crouched and lined himself up with her slit. 

The first touch made her cry out, the heat of his throbbing organ focusing all pleasure in her body there, at that one spot. She felt she would burn up, ignite into flames of passion on the spot, but she didn't, and he kept moving forward, the pressure building as he began to force inside her.

She didn't want to open at first, her body recognizing his size and telling her in sharp stabs of pain to stop this, but he continued to press his way in with steady control, giving and taking no surrender. He was quick to become impatient at the slow progress, and, with a giant shove of his hips, lunged hard, driving in the first two inches. Her incredible wetness eased the passage, keeping her from tearing. Her body thrashed back and forth on the bed as it warred with itself, her eyes screwing shut and hands helplessly fisting in the bedclothes, crumpling the fine fabric between her aching fingers. One side of her knowing he was too big to fit without considerable pain, and the other side beyond caring with its unbelievable need for him to possess her, her mind fought inside her for control. 

The fight was lost already, and he proved this with another mighty drive, forcing in another 6 inches and ripping through the proof of her virginity with that single thrust. 

She screamed as it tore; the sound tapering off quickly to barely a whimper. He was too focused on his own needs to care, and with three more quick thrusts of his body, he was entirely buried in hers, deeper than she would have ever thought possible. 

He stayed there for a minute, firm, strong arms on either side of her head, his raging cock remaining still inside her newly deflowered body, allowing her muscles to adjust to his size inside her. 

All too quickly for her agonized body, he began to move, sliding out only slightly before driving back in. She responded immediately, fire burning in her loins with too much intensity to ignore as her need for him overwhelmed everything else. She was so wet the bed was soaked beneath them, and it eased his way as he truly began to fuck her. 

His cock slid back and forth with a good amount of ease for how tight she was, as she stretched for him and her juices coated him thickly, her muscles gripping him like a glove. He brought his body down on top of hers as he began to speed up with each plunge into her hot tunnel, driving in and out with force as he enjoyed the morsel beneath him. 

With every stroke the fire in her bones raged hotter. She wanted to cum, desperately, but knew it was his choice. She spoke to him for the first time.

"Please, Sir," it seemed natural to give him the title in her silky, desperately breathless voice, as he obviously occupied that role in her life now. "Please, I WANT...I NEED to cum!"

It was hard to speak as his body plunged over and over into hers, completely possessing her, dominating, controlling her, taking whatever he desired. He didn't answer for a minute, his strokes intensifying, growing deeper, harder, and faster. Finally, with an extra deep stroke into her, he nodded,

"Cum, pet. Cum now!"

With a blood-tingling scream, she did, instantly, her body curling all the way up off of the bed as every muscle spasmed and seized. She thought it would never end. Fireworks exploded in her head as her pussy clamped down hard around his cock and she thrashed in the wet silk of the bedclothes. 

He grunted, half in pain, half pleasure, as she became so tight he could barely move. He yanked himself from her body, watching in delight as her pussy sucked at him, unwilling to let his member go, even in her completion. He didn't stay out for long, though, as he flipped her over to her stomach, one hand underneath her body to pull her ass up and line himself with her in order to drive back inside her lush curves. 

Her orgasm was just tapering down when he drove back inside, fanning the flames again as he hit spots previously unexplored. His hands wrapped around each hip, pulling her hard against him and helping him drive deep inside her, treating her as nothing more than a receptacle for his powerful manhood. 

She could feel the pleasure building again, faster this time, like flames licking at her body, and she subconsciously knew that this time he would cum too. He confirmed this quickly, his muscled torso curling down across her back, teeth sinking into her shoulder as he grunted, driving in sharp, deep strokes now, his virile member swelling inside her to impossible size.

"Cum!" he snapped out sharply before biting down again, his hips sinking as deep as he could into her body and staying there, his cock giving a brief shudder before violently spasming as he emptied his load deep into her womb.

She came instantly at the sound of his command, feeling his cum flooding her. She could have done nothing else when that whiskey smooth voice ordered her to, and she wanted to do nothing else. Pleasure overcame her, spiraling out of control through her body as she leapt and fell off the precipice, her pussy clamping down again, milking every last drop of his seed into her body, her mind overwhelmed with spirals of exploding light and darkness as she gave in to the feelings flooding her. 

All her muscles gave out and she collapsed to the bed, his body following hers, pulling her onto her side, curled against his stomach, his cock still throbbing somewhat inside her. She heard a  and realized he had shackled the chain around her waist to one on his, leaving her immobile beside him. 

He whispered, "Sleep, pet," and what coherent thought remained left her as she drifted off to sleep.