 Today hasn't really been my day.

Okay, so maybe this whole week hasn't been on my side at all. I've been ambushed, beaten, bound and shackled, drugged so I can't use my magic, and sent to who knows where. Maybe the captain knew, but he probably died with the rest of the ship as it sank in the storm this morning. Hell, the only good thing that has happened this week is that I survived the shipwreck, and I haven't decided yet whether it actually is a blessing.

You see, I washed ashore of the island of Azaries, the race of hermaphroditic, four armed, amazonian women. They, of course, didn't welcome me with open arms. Can't really blame them, though. Most people find my ashen skin and unnatural, red eyes suspicious enough, and those who don't, think I have either demonic blood in me or have done some infernal contract because of my more... unusual features. Granted, having a hidden third eye, spikes on my heels and a long, spade tipped tail may mean that there actually is demonic blood in me. But who knows.

And from what I've heard, Azaries have a pretty good reason to be wary of outsiders. The slave markets have Azaries pretty much on the highest demand, so it might be common that a few slavers try to sneak into the island to steal a couple of young ones, and any and all Azarie convoys to outside the island need to keep a low profile and stay on high alert in order to keep themselves safe. I once saw how all hell broke loose when a small Azarie convoy was discovered about a year back. Every wannabe raider crawled out of their hole and tried to capture the convoy.

Ended up helping the convoy to escape, but lost my staff in the process. I loved that staff. Still do. Buried so many weeks making it, and it had travelled with me for almost as long as I've been free. Haven't replaced it - out of sentimentality, really.

But now I'm shackled in a chair, flanked by two guards in a courtroom full of people, and sitting in front of the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. She's over a head taller than me - and considering that without my heels I'm already taller than a regular human, she towers over everyone - with a picture perfect face filled with freckles and lips that seem bee stung. Her knee-long hair shines in all the shades or red, and her skin has taken a bronze hue. Unlike normal Azarie, she has six arms, each well muscled but not obscenely so. Her free hanging breasts are as big as fully ripe watermelons, and her buttcheeks are at least as big, if not bigger, with hips like of a mother that has birthed many a child. Her legs are as muscled as her arms, if not even more so.

Queen Alicia, matriarch of the Azaries. And I highly doubt that she has heard of my "heroics".

"So, to what we owe this... unexpected... pleasure, stranger?" she asks, her voice having a melodious tint on it. "It is not often that we receive unannounced guests, and even less often are those guests coming with... benevolent intentions."

"My name's Kyrie, Your Majesty. I was captive on a ship that sank in a storm this morning. The sea brought me here. I have no ill motives, since coming here wasn't planned. I only wish to return home, if that would be allowed of me," I reply, keeping my head lowered in a humble manner.

"And why were you a captive on that ship? Did we get a hard boiled criminal walking in our land, hm?" she counters, her tone slightly teasing on her second question. Or maybe I just imagined that. Either way, it made me blush.

I don't feel like lying or withholding the truth would be in my best interest, so I answer honestly. 

"I was to be sold as a slave, Your Majesty. My guess is that those slavers considered my... exotic... looks to bring about a hefty sum, not to mention my abilities in mysticism."

"So not only are you pretty, but you're a witch as well. Impressive," she says with a wink. Am I hearing her wrong? I look up at her, and see that she's smirking at me. My blush deepens and I can hardly believe what I'm hearing and seeing. The ruler of Azaries, one of the more reclusive races, is flirting with me. Just what is happening here?

"With all respect, Your Majesty, I deeply apologize my intrusion to your land. I will do my best to leave as soon as possible, so -"

"You will do not such thing!" The queen yells out, silencing me with a frightening glance. "You have come to our land uninvited, and you shall bear consequences for doing that!" She then takes a deep breath, and a serene smile returns to her face. "I am not without sympathy, of course. Your tale is saddening, and I won't punish you for actions that were beyond your control. Therefore, I'm going to give you a choice. Your first option is to stay on our island, as a... permanent guest. You will be subjected to all of our laws, but your status as an outsider will always remain. You won't be allowed to leave, but your movement in our island won't be anymore restricted than a normal citizen's."

I shift uncomfortably. "So what's my second option?"

Aaaand now she smiles at me. Gods, how can her smile look so evil and so seductive at the same time? "Are you aware of the hormone Azaries produce?" she asks simply.

That makes shivers run on my spine. The Azarie hormone - called the Love Goddess's Kiss - is a highly addictive aphrodisiac. Only one dose of it and you're pretty much addicted. Rumours say that it also strips the addict of his or her mind, turning them into a nymphomanic, submissive bimbo. While we don't always agree, I really like my mind, so I don't want to lose it.

"Yeah, I know of it. What about it?"

"While our saliva and sweat also contains traces of the hormone, biggest concentrations of it can be found in our semen and vaginal fluids" she says, and I try my best not to blush at that. "The reason I'm bringing this up is that your second choice is to accept my challenge: have sex with me, and take in as much of the hormone from it that you can. If by the week's end your body has rejected it, you'll be a free woman, able to leave on the first ship that sails out of here."

I gulp. "And if I don't make it?" I ask, even though I don't want to know the answer.

Alicia leans forward, and her smile blooms into a full out grin. Her eyes are sparkling from amusement, but I can see that behind the amusement there's something else, something that I can't make out. Perhaps the true motive behind this challenge of hers, which honestly seem pretty unreasonable. With a joyous but even tone, she says "If you don't, you will become mine."

... Okay, so the queen wants me to become her slave? That... actually explains the teasing and flirting. I guess that it's want and lust behind her amusement. But why would she desire me? While my demonic features might bring a good price in the realm of the common races, in here it seems rather doubtful. It can't be my looks, since I'm pretty gangly. My boobs are almost bigger than lemons and my butt barely has shape. Maybe it's my magic that she's after? But if it were that, then why try and turn me into bimbo? I need my mind to cast spells, and the addiction would take that from me. Or perhaps she doesn't want me to be able to use magic, instead wanting the magic itself. That might be the case, considering that I have ridiculous amounts of magical power. But it would also require her to know that, and it isn't that I heavily advertise such a thing.

Either way, this would provide a chance to get out of here. Were I to take the first option and try to leave regardless of that, it would be pretty hard. Since I don't know where I am exactly - nobody knows where the Isle of Azaries actually is - I can't really fly out of here. I don't know which direction I should be going, and how long I must fly in order to reach land. I would most likely get exhausted before reaching land. Transportation magic would not only have similar difficulties, but also it would require me to gather vast amount of power for a pretty long time to actually do it. The Azaries would notice it long before I would be done, interrupting the spell and making that route almost impossible.

Should I stay in the island instead?

No, that isn't a good option. I already know what's it like to live as an outsider. At least out there, I have the option to leave when the atmosphere becomes too hostile. Also, there's no telling whether someone would try to get me addicted then.

But at least then there's a better chance that no one will enslave me. On the second option the chances of me getting out are slim, so it's more likely that I'll become a toy for these people. I almost cry out as old wounds start aching again, and old fears return to me. No, I won't be a slave. Never again.

But I can't stay in a hostile culture, either. So, to take a risk or play it safe? 

"... I accept," I say after a few moments, and Alicia's eyes sparkle with joy, even though her face still holds a calmer expression. She seems so sure of her victory. I try to keep a neutral expression in order to not give away my nervousness, and continue "When and where shall we proceed with this... duel?"

"Here and now," she replies without a seconds hesitation.

My jaw slackens, and I look around. Almost everyone in the audience has leaned forward, their face clearly showing interest, impatience and clear lust. I turn back to look at the Queen. "Your Majesty, no disrespect, but here? Now? In front of everyone?"

"Yes. Why? Shy, love?"

I can feel my cheeks burning, and gathering from the snickers of the guards beside me, my face must be trying to disguise itself as a tomato. Gathering my wits, I reply, "Your Majesty, where I come from, what you're suggesting is considered a rather... private... act, and I see no reason why we can't keep it as that in this case, too."

"Well, miss Kyrie," she says as she gets up, slowly walking down the steps of her thrones pedestal as what I thought to be her belt unravels from her hips, revealing itself to be her tail and beginning to swish back and forth behind her, "on our island, we aren't that particular about the privacy of our lovemaking. And while you don't see any reason to make this public, I do. Firstly, it's a tradition that Queens do their mating rite in front of her subjects." I scoff at that. 'Mating rite'. What a nice way of saying that she's trying to addict me. "But more importantly - for you, that is..." She stops in front of me, lifting my face up with one finger under my chin. "How could you prove that you're not secretly here to assassinate me?"

My eyes widen, and she smirks. "And even if you weren't here to kill me, what would stop you from trying to cheat if we were alone? Cast a spell that guarantees your victory?" She turns around, and her tail wraps around my neck, the tuft of hair at the end of it tickling my collarbone. She gestures around. "In here, we have all these witnesses that will prove the fair play of our duel. Are you trying to deny them the ability to prove that? My, my, it sounds like you don't intend to play fair, sugar."

It seems like I don't have a choice in this matter. Seems like this whole challenge is stacked against me. I sigh, and lower my head. My chances to actually come out of this victorious seem to lessen by the minute. But freedom is what I consider to be the most important to me, and winning this would get me that. 

"... Fine, lets just get this over with."

The tip of her tail lifts my chin up, and I meet her eyes. She has turned around, and the lowest pair of her hands fumble under her loincloth. Her face is full of want and glee - she's clearly waiting for this. "Then let us start," she says as the guards next to me let my arms go, and Alicia rips the loincloth off of her.

I sputter at the sight. Between her legs is not one, but two penises, both almost as big as that of a horse's. Her hands keep stroking them till they reach full mast, and I can see a pair of about clementine sized testicles hanging there, both seemingly full of cum, even though it's hard to tell through her thick bush of red pubic hair. What seems like tiny tentacles are wiggling on the tips, with longer ones in the base. She takes a step closer and grabs my head, shoving it into her cocks. "You can start with your mouth," she declares, keeping two of her hands on my head while the remaining four start to fondle her breasts.

I hear a click and feel how the shackles around my wrists fall off. I turn my head slightly and see that the guards next to me take a step back, but Alicia forces my face back onto her crotch. "A, a, a. You accepted the challenge, don't go having second thoughts~," she says to me in a sing-a-song manner, and I scoff. I ponder my situation for a second before breathing out a defeated sigh, and raise my hands to grab her twin masts. A small "ooh" sounds through the audience, but I try to not care about it, so I'd be able to keep at least a little bit of my dignity. I push the dongs up and start pumping them, giving the tips a small lick every now and again. 

"Oh please, do it properly," Alicia says, and shoves one of her cocks into my mouth. I start to gag from the surprise invasion, and stop for a second to gather myself again. I glance up to see her pointing her - surprisingly long (heck, it's almost as long as my forearm. How does she fit that in her mouth?) - tongue at me, and I furrow my brows at her. Well two can play this game. I drop the hand that was pumping the penis that's currently invading my mouth, and grab her balls.

Hard.

She lets out a surprised groan as I start to fondle her scrotum while I suck her cock, my other hand pumping the other. I keep that up for a while, until she starts showing her dick deeper into my mouth. We start having a small fight of wills, where I try to move my head back and get her cock out of me and her pulling my head to get her meat fully into me. It seems that she's enjoying it immensely, but I can't deepthroat her. The tiny tentacles on the tip are wiggling all around my mouth, exploring every nook and cranny. Every place they touch is left with a warm, tingly feeling that spreads through my body, and it seems to focus onto my core.

I speed up my pumping and stop stop the testicle fondling, opting to explore a little deeper. My hand swiftly finds a wet opening behind her ballsack, which I first tickle a little, and upon hearing a pleased moan, insert two of my fingers. To my surprise the opening tightens up strongly around my fingers, and it feels like tiny feelers are trying to wrap themselves around them. Again the warm feeling lingers on my fingers, from which it travels all the way to my already wet and heated pussy. Wait, am I really getting so turned on by pleasuring her?

"Enjoying yourself?" she quips, catching me off guard as my eyes shot up to hers. "At least you should, considering how much you let the wigglers feel you up. Our genitals like to administer aphrodisiac through those," she continues, grinning wickedly as my eyes open up upon the revelation. I try to pull out my hands and mouth, but it seems that she was expecting this. Instead she shoves the cock deeper while holding my head in place with incredible strength, while two of her hands grab mine, one keeping my left in her pussy as the other puts my right on her balls, where the larger feelers slither all around it. 

Damn it all! I need to get on top of the situation. Since the bigger tentacles won't let my hand off the testicle, might as well play with it. I start to gently squeeze and rub it, to which I hear approving moans. Heh, her pussy feels like a waterfall with the amount of honey like substance it's squirting on my other hand. Well, since I can't take it out, why not shove it in? I slip in a third finger and start pumping them as much as her hand and inner feelers let me, and the more her groans get louder, the more I can pump them.

But this isn't enough. She's just getting enjoyment out of this while still being on top. I need to get her dick out of my mouth. But how do I... I stop as the realization hits me. There's a way, but it feels like that will more likely get me killed than out of this mess. But what are my other choices? I can't think of any, and I can feel how her balls are already pumping the sperm into her mast, so I don't have any time left to think alternatives. So with a defeated sigh, I take a deep breath...

And bite down hard.

The result? Neither what I wanted, nor what I expected. Instead, Alicia lets out a very loud and lust-filled moan, and cums. Buckets. In her orgasm, she pulls my head down her cock with full force, forcing all of it inside me. She's shooting straight into my stomach, while her other penis is letting out its semen all over my front. I stumble back as she lets my head go, and I try to get some much needed air in my lungs. And why is my head spinning? Oh gods, that experience left me so horny that I'm practically gushing out a pond under me.

"Jeez, you need to warn me if you bite that hard," Alicia says, "I could've prepared and not come immediately." I look at her angrily, but it's apparent that lust is clouding my vision. From her smirk, it's pretty obvious that she sees that too.

"Alright, you're done. Now we just wait, right?" I spat, trying to keep my voice even. She raises one of her eyebrows, and grins. 

"Ah, but what kind hostess I would be, were I to leave you in that state? I think I should repay the favour," she answers with a lecherous grin, lust clear in her voice. Before I can properly react in my state, she's on me, ripping off last drips of my clothing. She spreads both my arms and legs, restraining my movement and giving her a full access to me. I struggle and try to teleport away from her, but it seems that my current state has stripped me of my concentration, disabling me completely.

As she leers at my pussy, her eyes get completely clouded from lust. "Oh, look how wet you are. Must've been quite the torture for you, not getting to relieve it." She rubs the head of her lower penis up and down my entrance, the feelers on the head rubbing everything.

I bite my lip, trying not to moan from the attention her tentacles are giving to me. "You - ah - you don't nee- unf - need t-t-to do such ah... ah... a thing, Yourrrrr Majesty. I ca- ungh - can take care of of of that myself" I pant out. I can't get myself sound convincing in this state, can I?

Well, if Alicia's bell-like laughter is any indication, then no, I can't. "That might be, miss Kyrie", she says, leaning her head so close that her lips almost touch my ear, "but I would LOOOOVE to do it for you."

She then bites my ear, and thrusts her dick all the way in. I let out a loud groan as she enters me, her cock being almost too big for me. She stops once the head has reached the mouth of the womb, not getting it in. That doesn't stop her feelers from licking it all over, trying to get it to loosen up. The tentacles on the base are now licking my pussy lips and teasing my anal opening, and it seems that a couple has found my clit and are now rubbing it like it's the last day of their lives.

"Unnff, you are so nice, warm and tight, miss Kyrie", Alicia says as she bites her lip from the pleasure she seems to be getting. She starts pumping her dick, making each thrust as long as possible. I inadvertently moan on each thrust in as she tries to get even deeper into me. Her base feelers seem to have decided to focus solely on my labia, as her upper penis keeps rubbing my nub. Alicia keeps the thrusts out as slow possible, while the thrusts inward are quick and powerful, making her ballsack slap my ass with a loud thud. It's pretty clear she's loving it from the unfettered gasps.

Suddenly she claims my mouth in a hungry kiss, while picking up the speed of her thrusts. I groan from the pick up, opening my mouth. Big mistake, it seems, since she forces her long tongue fully into me. Her last free pair of hands grab my breasts, roughly massaging them and pinching the nipples. She brings my feet together behind her back and ties them with her tail, freeing another pair. Which she seems to have intended to use to abuse my buttcheeks with the same ferocity that she uses on my tits. I feel helpless as the pleasure just keeps building up with no end in sight.
