 Summary: Morgana the witch learns to not look down on others.

Author's note - Hey, sorry for the total lack of updates. Thanks for giving my writings a shot and as always, thanks for any and all feedback or critiques. Hope you enjoy!

*****

The knight bashed through the door of my hut without even bothering to call out first, his blows splintering the wood. I wasn't surprised by the assault. I had seen this man in my looking glass even before he started his journey to my abode, riding into my forested realm from the far-off castle where he dwelt. He was called Constantine; I had read the name on the lips of women cheering his departure from the capital. A handsome man, but far too chivalrous for my tastes. And now he was standing before me, sword in hand.

"We can do this peacefully, Morgana, if you only just surrender," Constantine offered, smiling at me. The arrogant fool wasn't even wearing a helmet.

'I'll show you what happens when you underestimate a master witch,' I thought gleefully, wiggling my fingers about as I focused on what I wanted to do to the man. He was rather cute, but so full of himself...perhaps it would be best to bring him down to size.

"I'd offer you the same deal, sir knight," I replied sweetly, stretching my hand toward him. "But honestly, I find resistance much more entertaining." With a flick of my fingers, a wave of swirling magic rushed forward, the purple cloud engulfing the man, and...

...bouncing back at me!

I barely had time to cry out as the smoky spell enveloped me, snaking down my throat and inside me. My body immediately began to tingle and convulse, and as the mist dissipated I looked at the man in horror. "Y-you...how did you...?"

"Oh?" He replied nonchalantly. "I heard tales that the great and powerful Morgana could see everything from your swamp." I tried to spit out a reply, but all I managed was a pitiful little cough. I hugged myself, suddenly feeling as though I was swimming in my clothes.

"So naturally I assumed you knew that prior to becoming a knight, I was an enchanter for the king," the man prattled on as I sunk into my own dress, pawing at the fabric in an attempt to keep my modesty. But it was a losing battle; I knew exactly how small I had wanted to make the man before me, and it seemed that the spell had been bounced back perfectly. I dwindled down to where my head was at his waist, then down to his knees...shrinking farther and farther, becoming lost in my dress as the fabric swallowed me up.

"It wasn't easy to make an amulet that could take more than a spell or two, but I was pretty sure you'd be foolish enough to try and throw something huge at me right away, rather than hit me with lots of little spells. Your arrogance is pretty widely known." The man's words sounded muffled as I pawed at my dress, struggling to climb out from underneath it. It was as if I was stuck under a tent that had collapsed, crawling around and searching for a way out.

"You change me back this instant, or I'll make you suffer!" I shouted furiously up at the man, punching miserably at my satin prison.

"What was that, Morgana? You want me to...range your cat?" The insolent knight chuckled. "You know, it's difficult enough to hear you down there with that ridiculous dress on top of you. Let's get you out of there." 

I felt rather than heard his footsteps, making me tremble with every impact. Before I even knew what was happening, I felt my whole world being lifted up, squished and shaken. I let out a frightened shriek as I tumbled about, finally falling out from my cage of clothe onto something warm. I blinked at how bright everything had gotten, hoping that as my eyes adjusted things would begin to look better.

There was no such luck.

The warm thing I was sitting on was the hand of the man who had done this to me, his skin pressing against mine. The situation was already humiliating enough, but I was as naked as the day I was born on top of it all, my now-tiny chest on full display. I held my thighs together, denying him the sight of my sex...even though I was sitting bare-assed on his hand. He loomed over me as I squirmed in discomfort, trying in vain to cover my shrunken self. I wasn't even large enough to fill his hand! I chanced a look down and held back a squeak of fright; even though the ground was only a few feet away, it may as well have been miles away. There was no way I'd be able to hop down.

"Now, what were you saying, you silly little thing?" Constantine smirked down at me, and I had to fight the urge not to bite his stupid fingers.

"I said, you better change me back right this second, or I'll curse the hell out of you!" I screamed up at him.

He shrugged, and I stifled a yelp as I rolled about in his hand. "Be my guest. At that size, my amulet could easily handle any spell you could throw at me. It'll be interesting to see what's in that nasty little head of yours."

I clamped my teeth together, silently fuming. He was right, and I hadn't even considered that. I could have just done something even worse to myself!

"This size seems perfect for you, quite honestly. You're an adorable little pocket witch. So, the way I see it, there's no real reason to change you back." The man's smile widened. "But I'm not seeing any reason not to change you more..." He looked at something behind me, and I followed his gaze. As I saw what it was, I felt my stomach sink. 'My potions cabinet...' I thought miserably. 'And I just re-labeled them, plain as day!'

"Let's see what fun things you have over here, shall we?" The knight walked me towards the cabinet, every booming step making me feel more and more frightened. Embarrassed though I was, I hugged his fingers, too scared of being jostled loose and falling to a humiliating end on the floor below. All I could truly manage to do in my present size was hurl insults and threats up at the bastard who had done this to me, but I imagined the menace in my words was undercut by how high-pitched my voice had become, and how squeaks of fright punctured my exclamations.

Constantine seemed to pay me no mind. Even as I writhed and fumed between his fingers, all his attention was focused on the massive store of potions before him, my cabinet just as open and exposed as I was. Leaning down, the knight raised a hand to his chin, appearing to be deep in thought as he perused the brews before him.

"An impressive set of poisons and potions," the man said at last. "The king wasn't exaggerating when he called you a menace...although reading some of these, I wonder if your dangerous reputation was really warranted."

"What do you mean, not warranted?! I'm a master sorceress, trained in the deadliest schools of black magic! I've reduced dozens of knights like you to ash, or worse!" I squeaked up at him furiously.

Constantine cocked his head, smirking down at me. "What school of black magic specializes in love potions? Seems kind of silly for a master sorceress."

I fought the urge to bite at his gloved hand. "That's not just any love potion," I fumed. "It's a highly concentrated formula that will drive the victim into a maddening heat towards the first thing they see. Just a few drops cou-," I clamped my mouth shut tight, suddenly feeling a chill of fear as Constantine's smirk grew larger.

"Maddening heat, eh? That sounds interesting." He reached towards a bottle on the top shelf. "But not as curious as this one. And it seems appropriate given your size." My eyes widened as I recognized the potion as he pulled it back, a thin purple glass vial that seemed to glow with a faint light.

"Don't you dare, don't you da-AAAH!!" My feeble protests ended in a shriek as Constantine upended the bottle over me, the sparkling liquid spilling out over me. I could taste the overly-sweet concoction as it washed down my naked form, getting into my mouth as I gagged and coughed. The brew was sending my body into a fit of tingling heat just as my spell had done, and all I could do in response was writhe and kick in Constantine's hand.

I heard the man draw in a breath above me, no doubt watching what was happening to me, but the waves of heat were pushing out my modesty as well as any capacity for rational thought. There was an intense wave of heat at my forehead, along my throat, and at two points on my back. My skin was infuriatingly ticklish, and just rolling around in the knight's hand was drawing little giggles from my lips. I kicked my legs frantically, aching for the intense sensation to end, to give me some sort of relief. The heat at my back was growing, pulsing with pleasure, but all of a sudden it felt too uncomfortable to lay on my back. I rolled over onto my stomach, my small breasts smooshed against Constantine's palm as I felt two somethings flutter and twitch behind me. Likewise, there were two things that had sprouted up from my forehead, bobbing up and down as I panted and moaned, trying to get my head together.

Finally, the waves of heat started to ebb, receding back into something tolerable. I groaned, trying to stand up gingerly, and let out a little wince as I did. The changes may have been done, but my body was left more sensitive than before. Little bursts of feeling traveled up from the soles of my feet all the way to my thighs, making my hips twitch side to side. I let out a whimper as I looked down at myself, feeling the somethings behind me flutter angrily as I realized I'd have to cope with this frustrating new sensitivity until I was given some sort of antidote.

"Are you, like, happy, sugarplum?!" I howled up at the bastard knight, growling afterwards as I heard my insipidly stupid bimbo speak. I had known it was coming, but it was still a shock to hear my words twist and turn on my sensitive lips.

"Wow, that label wasn't lying," Constantine mused, staring down at my transformed body. "Extract of Pixie Dust, huh...?"

"Well, no duh, you big sweetie!" Grrr! Even shouting, my voice sounded breathless and airy, the wavering voice of a total ditz. Why had I used wood sprites for that potion?! They were the dunces of the fae world, total sexpots who delighted on drinking yummy, juicy manmilk...I shook my head, forcing the idea from my head, and my antenna bounced along with me. I raised my hands up to them, the feel of them confirming what I already knew from studying the sprites. Bright pink, the things curled above my head, each one forming a half heart above my forehead. Turning back, I could see my fluttering new appendages flapping about uselessly. The same pink shade as my fairy horns yet rimmed with black swirls, they appeared to be similar to especially dainty butterfly rings. 

"I take it back," the knight said with a smile. "You really are a master sorceress, to craft a potion as adorable as this."

"You...like, no fair! You totally can't treat me this way, cutiepie!"

"No?" Constantine's face grew more serious. "I wonder how many innocents you've teased and tormented with your magic. Since I was instructed to make sure you were subdued by any means necessary, I'd wager It was more than a few." He leaned in, his moving down as he gazed at my naked, trembling fairy body. "So I think I'll make the most out of that offer and subdue you in a way that makes sure you won't be harming anyone else. Does that sound good?"

My shoulders sagged, and I nodded. My head lowered before him, I was every bit the submissive prisoner.

"Good. Now, let's see what else we can..."

Before he had said more than a few words, I was already on the move. I leapt from his hand in the direction of the doorway, my wings beating frantically as I fluttered towards the ground. I let out a groan of effort as I struggled to stay aloft; this was harder than I had anticipated. It felt like I was trying to flex a limb that was partially asleep. My wings listened to me somewhat, but they were awkward and clumsy.

I fluttered down to the ground, landing in a clumsy heap before taking off running. Aided by my still-flapping wings, my strides were long, and I sprinted towards the door as fast as I can. 'I'm almost there, I can make it!'

I heard a laugh behind me, and the ground shook as Constantine lumbered after me. His gloved fingers closed around my leg, and suddenly my whole world was shaking. I was lifted up into the air, dangling upside down in front of the leering knight as I kicked and screamed in frustration.

"My, my...the little gnat has a nice set of legs," Constantine looked up and down my bare body, but I was too mad to feel embarrassed...and too dizzy as well. My head was spinning, but all I could do was sway between his fingers.

"As cute as it is watching you flit about, I think we should make sure you won't be able to try something silly like that again. Let's see..." Constantine's brow furrowed as he browsed the cabinet, leaving me to kick miserably as I dangled, my wings fluttering in frustration. 

"Hmmm, maybe...ah, here we go!" The grin that spread across Constantine's face made me think of a crocodile who had just spotted a meal, and a shiver went through me as I spotted the short green bottle that he grabbed off the shelf. But my heart really didn't start hammering until the knight grabbed a tall blue vial off the top of the cabinet, smiling all the while.

"Juice of Gigantic Growth and Bouncy Brew...?" The knight's smile widened. "Well I can see what you might do with the first potion, what on earth were you doing with a bouncy brew?"

The fear I was feeling was starting to boil over, not helped at all by my precarious position between the knight's fingers. "Why don't you make me big again, you bastard, and I'll show myself! Maybe I'll make your dick grow so big that you can't even walk!"

"My, my, you're a schlong-obsessed sprite," Constantine chided me. "But hey, I'll be nice and follow your advice. I'll make you big...well, parts of you, anyway." Ignoring my squeals of protest, Constantine uncorked both containers and reached his left hand in, scooping up a bit of green goop from the first vial onto his gloved finger. Despite all my shouting and wriggling, I couldn't do a thing as he pressed his finger against my exposed chest. I screamed louder as the tingling began again, seeming more intense than the last reaction I had. Squirming about, I was powerless to stop him from smearing the strange-smelling muck all over my breasts. 'All I can do is wiggle around, my only hope is if he drops me,' I thought to myself desperately, but a slap on my bare bottom brought me back to reality.

"Aw, look what you made me do, you ridiculous fairy!" The knight scolded as he wiped his potion-smeared finger against my butt cheeks, smearing the remainder of it on my ass. "But if this stuff works as well as your last potion, maybe that will help with your balance."

I could hear his words as if through a haze, but the potion was working its magic on me and I was beyond the capacity to do anything but buck and moan gibberish, whimpering as I felt waves of heat pulse through my body. Every breath seemed to make my breasts throb, the tingling, ticklish feeling making my nipples poke out proudly. Dimly, I felt myself fall a short distance and land on something hard. I realized that I must be on Constantine's gloved hand, but everything seemed wrong. I had landed on two soft somethings, and it seemed so hard to move...and it felt like my body was getting heavier with every breath. My eyelids fluttered as I brought my hands up to my chest...and screamed with terror as my fingers found more than I had bargained for.

"O-oh shucks, my knockers are getting so silly!!" I wailed, holding my still-growing jugs with both hands as they swelled out before me.

The sight had shocked me out of the fog the potion had trapped me in. I heard the knight guffawing above me, but all I could do was look at my body in horror as it twisted and shifted into something perverse. My melons wobbled forward, forcing me to stumble to my knees while my wings fluttered about. As I fell, I felt my backside wiggle more than it should. Dreading what I knew I would see, I forced myself to look anyway, trying and failing to corral my tits between my arms. What greeted me was what I had expected and what I had feared.

My ass was bloating up just like my loveballoons! Gone was the petite backside I had possessed before; now I had a massive bubble butt, my hips swollen to match. The growth wasn't as pronounced as my titties, but each cheek was bigger than my head and still expanding, jiggling as I trembled in fright. 'I guess he used most of that vile goop on my jugs,' I thought to myself, grateful for small favors...but something about what I had just pondered seemed off to me. A bolt of insight struck me, and I suddenly realized why the thought seemed so alien. 'Wait, why am I thinking about my melons in such a dirty way...'

"AH?!" I let out a frustrated squeak, my titanic tits wobbling and swelling despite my best efforts to squeeze them into line.

"What is it, you bloated bug?" Constantine wiggled his hand a little, making me squeal and stumble, sending my tits and ass into a bouncy, jiggling fit. "Is something the matter with your breasts?"

"Y-yeah, cutie!" I squeaked up at the knight, the blush on my face equal parts humiliation and arousal from my tits wobbling about, sending waves of pleasure through my stomach and lower. "W-why can't I even think about the word for my jumbo jugs?!"

"Hmm?" Constantine mimed confusion, making me growl in anger, drawing a laugh from the towering man. "I'm sorry, I don't understand. I'm sure a perverted little pixie like you is smart enough to know what those big fat things are called, right?"

"Yeah! They're my ta-ta's, honeybunch!" I paled as the knight broke out into a fresh fit of laughter, and gnashed my teeth as I fought against the instincts welling up in my head. "I mean...my massive chuggajugs! My...my hanging hooters! My milking melons, my...my cockpillows!! NNNNNGH!!" I forced myself to stop, slapping my udders in anger. Of course, I should have known; wood sprites based their whole social structure on tits, and were melon crazy as a result. They only used the lewdest words for their sweater puppies, and the hotter they got, the dirtier and nastier their words got too. I squeezed my big fat dick milkers between my arms, grateful that the growth was finally slowing. The gratitude was short lived, however; it only lasted until I looked down and saw my twisted body.

My jiggling gelatinous jugs dominated my body, demanding attention as they hung off my chest. They were so large that they actually rested in my lap as I pulled myself to an awkward sitting position, resting on my bloated backside. My nipples had swelled up accordingly, looking like little pink cliffs against a creamy plain of flesh. The scale of my manpleasers was unreal; I couldn't believe how massive my moomoo melons were in comparison to the rest of me. It was ridiculous, but despite their massive size, they looked completely natural, just...ginormous. Timidly, I tested out my wings, and groaned as I confirmed my fear; I was far too big to even think about flying, lugging these ridiculous things around. Walking was beyond me, and so was flying; I'd be forced to crawl around with these gigantic fuckpillows! The sheer size of them was throwing me for a loop. The embarrassed heat on my cheeks intensified as I realized that my huge heifers probably weighed just as much as I did, if not more. 

"Mmmm, well now I know you can't go running off with those anchors keeping you down," Constantine tapped my head with a finger, making me squeak and sending my body into another jiggling fit. "But a fairy that can't fly at all...well, that's kind of useless, right? Maybe this will help." Not even waiting for a reply, he upended the second vial, dribbling Bouncy Brew all over my dickmilkers.
