 Carol awoke snuggled between the sleeping bodies of Kalin and Coreen. The Emperor's other wives and consorts were also sleeping in the huge, round bed. However, the Emperor himself was not with them; nor was Shayal. The room was illuminated by a soft purple grow that provided just enough light to see by without interrupting sleep. Carol looked about the bedroom; taking in its ornate, hand-carved wooden furniture, the one of a kind works of art hanging on the walls, and the fire burning in the hearth that took up most of the room's far wall. It was odd, she thought, that the purple glow seemed to cancel out the fire's light. She could see the orange/red color as the flamed danced in the fireplace, and she could feel the heat, but its light was not cast into the rest of the room. The purple light, it seemed, would tolerate no competition.

She turned at a sound behind her. Nathaniel and Shayal were approaching the bed; Carol had not heard them enter the bedroom. They were cast in fluctuating shadows that seemed to glide over their nude bodies with intentions of their own. The shadows alternately revealed and hid their bodies from Carol; giving them an almost ghostlike visage. Carol realized that purple glow had no source that she could readily identify; it seemed to be coming from every direction at once. 

Nathaniel extended a hand. "Come here," he said softly.

Carefully, Carol moved around the women sleeping in the bed, and went to him. He drew her into an embrace; Shayal hugging her from behind. She had not dressed after their previous lovemaking and she sighed as her bare flesh molded into theirs. They held her lovingly between them for several seconds; allowing her body to recover from the deep sleep she had just awoken from. The andra; the incredible sexual energy that Nathaniel, and apparently his wives, could radiate from their bodies, flowed through her body in a pulsing rhythm. Her body seemed to synchronize with Nathaniel's as Shayal's already was. Their hearts beat it time with one another; they shared the same sense of peace and warmth. 

"Follow us," Nathaniel said, after the hugged ended. 

Carol obeyed; allowing herself to be led into a smaller chamber adjacent to the main bedroom. The chamber's door was concealed by a hologram that made it appear to be a solid wall. The purple light was brighter here; bright enough to read by, but soft and comforting at the same time. Another bed sat at the room's center. Although not as large as the enormous bed in the master bedroom, which could accommodate twenty people, this bed could easily fit six. It was flanked by two tables; one on either side, each as long as the bed. On the table to the right there were various types of food and refreshments; on the left was an assortment of massage oils and towels.

Above the bed was the source of the purple light. Floating two meters over the bed was a crystal pyramid approximately the size of a man's head. The purple light emanated from a shimmering ball of radiance in its core.

"What is it?" Carol asked; her eyes fixated on the pyramid.

"We call it an Ansharr," Shayal said, standing on Carol's right and caressing her back. "It is a kind of living technology. It concentrates and stores andra energy and information, it grants prophetic visions, helps us find other people who can use the andra, and it does many other things; many of which we have yet to discover."

"It also activates the abilities of people in which the andra is dormant," Nathaniel said, coming to stand at her left and lacing his fingers with hers.

Carol's eyes did not leave the floating pyramid; it seemed to be hypnotic in its own right. 

"Do you think I have the andra?" she asked.

"We know you do?" Nathaniel replied. "Remember, about two years ago, when you ship's crew received a unit citation for excellence?" He asked her.

Carol was still fixated on the pyramid. "Yes, it was after we destroyed the pirate base on Gundara."

"That's right," Nathaniel confirmed. "Sandra presented that citation, remember? She shook your hand."

Carol remembered; she was one of a line of over twenty officers to be greeted by Princess Sandra Rittenhouse-Trent: the Grand Field Marshal of the Dynastic military forces. "That was so quick; just a few seconds." 

"Sandra sensed the andra in you then; and we started to watch you," Shayal said.

The pyramid's light had started to pulsate in a slow rhythm. Nathaniel's hand had joined Shayal's in stroking Carol's back. They moved from the base of her neck to her spine; alternating in time with the pyramid's pulses. Carol felt her heartbeat assume the cadence of the pulsing. She felt tingling warmth in the core of her body. Core was an inadequate word, though; what she felt was indescribable. It was as though everything that was primally feminine; everything that connected her to women from the beginning of the human race was stirring within her. The great feminine energy was both within her body and beyond her it; deliciously physical and yet so much more.

"Do you feel it, Carol?" Shayal asked her. "Can you feel the andra building within you?"

"Yes." Carol replied, her voice very soft.

Shayal's lips grazed Carol's ear. "Twilight," Shayal said.

Carol went into trance easily and quickly. With her conscious mind no longer hindering it, the feminine power expanded through her body and mind. Her senses expanded. She was aware of Shayal's heart as it beat in unison with hers, she hear Shayal's breath, detected nuances of her perfume that normally would go unnoticed, and she was acutely aware of Nathaniel.

Her andra; so powerfully feminine, reached out to his masculine energy and touched it. Their energies caressed each other and flared up together and produced a new, even more powerful force. The eternal dynamic of the male and female; of yin and yang was coming together in a realm that was beyond the physical, yet grounded in it. This third power was greater than the male and female; rather they stood alone or combined. The third power was greater than the sum of components that joined together to form it; it was the power of creation: what created life and brought order to the universe. Carol knew this instinctively.

"Open your eyes, Carol," Shayal said. Slowly, Carol obeyed.

Nathaniel was now standing two meters away holding her in a soft, loving gaze. He was fully aroused; his manhood standing firm and ready. His andra was still entwined with hers. It was a kind of metaphysical foreplay that didn't require touch; they were linked by their awakened sexual energy. Nathaniel's eyes remained fixed on hers as he directed his andra to create different sensations in her body. He sent a soothing warmth that seemed to infuse her whole body, then he made a thrilling tingle dance up her spine and, finally, he made her sense of incredible euphoria that amplified all of the other sensations. Ecstasy was the only word that Carol could think of; and that was far from adequate.

"Your andra is awake now," Shayal said softly. "You have to control it now; tell it what to do. Think about what you want the andra to make Nathaniel feel."

Carol looked intently at Nathaniel. His unclad form was bathed in pulsing, purple light that seemed to flow over his finely sculpted muscles as though it was trying to draw attention to a particular muscle or curving sinew. He was a vision of taught flesh and graceful, sculpted muscles. His eyes were alive with passion as he watched her. He and his wives had given her so much pleasure; so much love. She wanted, at that moment, nothing else but to give him equal pleasure. 

Her mind was clouded by the light trance she was in; making complex thought impossible. So she settled on a simple thought. 'Pleasure', she thought, her attention focused entirely on Nathaniel. Her andra surged and Nathaniel shuddered. His eyes closed and he made a soft moaning sound; his member quivering slightly. He rode the pleasure for several seconds before opening his eyes and smiling at Carol with pride. 

"That was very good, Carol. Nathaniel enjoyed that very much." Shayal said, kissing Carol's shoulder. "Now, you can learn about another of your new abilities. Would you like that?"

"Yes," Carol answered.

"Good," Shayal said. "You are in a nice, light trance now, but we are going to take you a little deeper. Would that not be nice?"

Carol had already slipped a little deeper into trance at the mere suggestion of doing so. "Yes," she responded.

"Then close your tired eyes," Shayal crooned. "You have wanted to close them since I gave you your trigger word, and now you can. Your mind is already open and free, and you can open it more now; let all your thoughts float away. You can even let the andra fade away; it will come back when you want it to. You can just drift."

Carol swayed slightly as her trance deepened. Shayal and Nathaniel led her to the bed and helped her lay down. "That's right, Carol. Your mind is so relaxed and open. You do not have to do anything but lay there and drift." Shayal said. "Carol, people who have the andra also have psychic gifts, like telepathy. We are going to help access that ability. Do you understand?"

There was a long pause before Carol "Yes," in a barely audible voice.

Shayal knelt beside the bed and stroked Carol's hair. "Good," Shayal assured her. "Let every breath take away more tension. Let each breath make you more and more relaxed. There is nothing to do, nothing to think; just be totally calm, totally at ease. Shayal continued the induction for several minutes before she was satisfied that Carol's trance was deep enough.

"Carol, in a few seconds you will feel Nathaniel's mind touch yours. Just stay relaxed and let him in. You know he loves you and will not hurt you. Is that alight?"

Carol's voice was still sleepy and soft. "Yes."

Carol was aware of Nathaniel's telepathy entering her mind; the sensation was odd, but not unpleasant. It was a little like having a half remembered song playing at the fringes of your memory; you were aware of its presence but could not perceive it fully. She could feel Nathaniel in her thoughts, but only just. She felt his telepathic presence tour her mind like a window shopper in a merchant complex. He would examine a particular thought or memory and then move on. If he came across something Carol wanted to keep private, he passed it by. Finally, he found the memory he wanted and nodded to Shayal.

Shayal leaned down to speak softly into Carol's ear. "Nathaniel has found a memory that he likes. Do you know what it is?" 

"Yes," Carol said after a long pause.

"Can you tell me what it is?" Shayal asked. She could have entered Carol's mind herself, but having her verbally recount the memory would help Carol remember it more clearly herself. 

"When I was 13," Carol began. "Our ship had to have its reactor overhauled, and we have to move out of our quarters there and into a hotel on Regulus Three."

"That is right," Shayal said. "She was raised on starship; I must remember that."

Carol was continuing. "My parents made sure that the holo-vision was disabled and the link to the info-net was turned off; so I wouldn't see or hear anything that went against their religious teachings. But I found a book; a romance novel on a data-pad, tucked way back in a dresser drawer. Whomever had the room before us must have left it. It was the first novel I'd ever seen; and it was full of sex scenes. My parents were so puritanical; and that book seemed so wonderfully wicked."

Nathaniel stroked her Carol's cheek. "There was one part of that book that you liked more than the others wasn't there?"

Carol smiled and her nipples stiffened as she remembered the book's most erotic images. "Waterfall," was all she said.

Nathaniel leaned in to whisper in Shayal's ear. "There was a scene in the book where the woman that it was about seduces a man under a waterfall. Carol read that part over and over again; it was responsible for her first erotic dream."

"That should be perfect," Shayal concluded.

Nathaniel and Shayal spoke softly to each other as Carol drifted contentedly in trance. In a few minutes they had formulated a plan that would allow Carol to relive the fantasy she had carried for so many years. Nathaniel left the room to ready the plan while Shayal prepared Carol.

"Carol," Shayal crooned, taking Carol's hand in hers. "I want you to listen carefully to what I'm going to tell you. You know that I would never hurt you or do anything with you that you did not want. I want you to remember what it felt like when Nathaniel was in your mind."

Shayal paused to let Carol's trance-slowed mind to keep up with her words. "You have telepathy now too Carol; and I'm going to teach you how to use it."

Shayal touched Carol's mind with the utmost gentleness; finding the pleasure centers and inducing the slightest psychic stimulation. Carol sighed happily. "Did you like that Carol?"

"Yes,' Carol replied, her voice but a whisper.

Shayal kissed Carol's palm, leaving the slightest trace of moisture there. "I'm glad you enjoyed it. Would like to be able to that for other people?" Shayal asked.

"Oh, yes," Carol responded with as much excitement as her hypnosis-lazy mind could manage.

"Good," Shayal said. "Let me into your mind again." She ordered softly. She met no resistance as she touched Carol's thoughts. 

Carol found herself floating in a warm, comforting darkness. Instinctively she knew that her physical body was still lying entranced on a bed under the pyramid's purple glow. Her psychic form was nude as her physical body was. The warm darkness was the peaceful part of her consciousness that Shayal had helped her find. She was more aware of her consciousness now. It as though her mind had been a huge house with dozens, even hundreds of doors; most of which had been closed and were now open. Beyond them were rooms to explore.

Shayal was suddenly there with her; her psychic form appearing nude as her physical form was as it knelt next to Carol's body on the bed. Carol had not been startled; it was her mind nothing could happen here that she did not allow. Shayal's psychic form kissed Carol's; wrapping it in a long embrace. Carol felt the kiss on both the physical and emotional levels. Shayal mentally caressed the pleasure and sexual centers of Carol's brain; making them to flare to life. On the bed, Shayal kissed Carol's as she lay entranced. She projected the affection she had for Carol; allowing her to feel the emotions in their raw form; unprocessed by the conscious mind. Carol and Shayal were as connected as to living being could possibly be. 

Shayal broke the telepathic embrace and took Carol by her right hand. "Come," Shayal's avatar said. "Follow me."

Shayal guided Carol into initiating her mental contact; inviting Carol into her mind. "There," Shayal said. "Just concentrate on the person who you want to contact. You will feel the power stir in your mind; all you have to do is project it. I always imagine a beam of soft, warm light coming from my head and surrounding the person I want to connect with."

Kneeling on the bed, Shayal broke the telepathic link with Carol. "That was good, Carol," She assured the hypnotized woman. "Now, you will contact me with your mind; with my help. You do not even have to wake up. In fact, it will be very easy since all your worries and troubling thoughts will not be in the way."

Shayal stroked Carol's hair again. "Carol, when I say connect, you will open your eyes but stay relaxed and entranced as you are now. You will be able to see me, but remain comfortably relaxed as you are now. Do you understand?"

Carol's voice was still soft and dreamy. "Yes."

Shayal straddled Carol's abdomen and leaned over so she could meet her gaze when Carol opened her eyes. "Carol, when you open your eyes, you will be able to contact my mind. You can reach out and touch my mind. Just imagine a beam of warm light shining out of you mind and into mine. Do you want to do that?

"Yes," Carol responded.

"Connect," Shayal said.

Carol's eyes fluttered open and fixed on Shayal's. Shayal felt Carol's telepathy reach out and touch the edge of her consciousness, asking for permission to enter. She opened her mind and Carol was with her psychically. In thought, Shayal spoke to Carol, "That was very good Carol. It was easy was it not?"

"Yes." Carol's psychic voice said. 

"Learning how to form a link with telepathy is good enough for now," Shayal told Carol. 

"Now, Carol, I am going to give some instructions. Are you ready?"

"Yes," Carol said.

Shayal carefully gave Carol suggestions she would follow after she was brought out of trance. 

"I guided you through forming our mental link, and you will be able to it yourself now; you will remember the experience in every detail." Shayal said

"Awaken Carol."

Carols eyes fluttered open and she stretched languidly. Shayal leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. Shayal fixed her eyes on Carol's. "Waterfall," Shayal said.

Carol blinked and sighed softly. She then rose, donned a robe, and padded out of the room. In Carol's mind she was walking in the idyllic forest she had read about in the novel she had surreptitiously read years ago. She padded through the palace halls, seeing only the imaginary forest as it was described in the novel; her imagination filling in the gaps in that description. When she arrived at the bathing chamber she saw Nathaniel; nude and standing beneath the fountain at the center of the large, round bathing pool. Carol perceived him to be beneath a crystal clear stream of water descending from glimmering, water-polished stones; the waterfall from the novel.

Carol found herself in an odd state of consciousness. She was aware that she was in the imperial palace, and that it was the Emperor standing before her, but her perceptions were influenced so much by Shayal's post-hypnotic suggestions that she saw only the bucolic forest and waterfall surrounding Nathaniel. The mix of reality and fantasy should have been confusing, but it wasn't. She knew that she was under the influence of Shayal's suggestions. She simply didn't care. She would accept the fantasy Nathaniel and Shayal had given her and enjoy it. 

"Princess, you should not be here." Nathaniel said, reciting a line from the novel. He was playing the role of the handsome palace guard who comes to love the novel's heroine.

"It is not for you to say where I should be, Captain," Carol replied just as the fictional princess had.

She moved toward him; feeling deliciously predatory as her robe dropped from her shoulders to rumple on the edge of the bathing pool. Her andra pulsed out of her; reaching out to Nathaniel like a thousand caressing hands. It was a natural thing to use the andra now. Once awakened, the primal creative power within her was linked to her arousal. She saw Nathaniel's eyes close and his breath quicken as the andra flowed into him. He had already been aroused, but now his face took on the look of a man entranced. His own andra did not come to meet hers; he held it in check. This encounter was a chance for her to use her power; to explore it uses and its limits.

Carol move into the fountain's stream, still perceiving it as the waterfall from that forbidden novel. She stopped when she was a scant meter away from Nathaniel, who was still enveloped in her andra's power. She spread her are toward him. 

"Come to me," She commanded gently just as the story's princess had. The sweet subtle dominance of giving him that simple order, and knowing that he would obey, gave her a sense of erotic power. Nathaniel moved closer and she wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Princess, this is wrong." Nathaniel said, still playing his part despite his lust and andra-fogged mind. He wanted to give Carol a perfect experience; both fantasy and reality.
