 X sat quietly in the study, reading glasses perched on the bridge of his nose as he read a book Moriarty had written on his research of gene splicing. It was all very confusing and X contained very little, but continued reading anyway. There was a pawing at the study door and X sighed, already having very little patience for the Subjects, despite having only lived in the mansion a week. He walked over and opened the door, Luna looking up at him. 

"Hello, X," she said, smiling. He rustled her hair and scratched behind her ears, making her tail wag. 

"Good evening, Luna. What brings you here?"

"I read here every once in a while, but it's a lot warmer in here, because of the fireplace." He nodded and sat down, reading a book again as she wrapped herself around his feet, smiling and tail flicking back and forth. After a while longer of reading, he began to feel her lap at his legs, licking softly. He felt a tingle up his spine and he sighed, closing the book.

"The Inhibitors kicking in again?" She nodded furiously. "Alright, alright." He looked around, scanning the shelves for the book that Moriarty said was there. X had never had a reason to use it before, but now... There. He set his own book down on the side table and walked over to the bookshelf against the wall, finding the book with a red dot on its spine. He pulled it and the bookshelf creaked open. Inside was a small room on the other side of the fireplace. The fire went all the way through and the room inside was decorated very similar to the study, except that it had a large bed and dresser as well. 

Luna marvelled in the sight of the room.

"It's terrific!" she said, smiling. She crawled over to the dresser, sifting through it and giggling as she found the things that the Doctor usually stored in dressers. Sexual toys, lingerie, and then the top cabinet, which always remained locked, but X now knew stored a multitude of medicinal content, in case something went wrong with a Subject during the middle of their play. 

"Lie down," X said, having inherited the Doctor's smooth and calm voice, as well as having been injected with Moriarty's special lust serum, making every pore in his body secrete a miniscule amount of pheramones which, when inhaled, caused anyone around them to be fully and totally devoted to the user. 

Luna crawled up on the bed, lying on her back, her tail off to her side, flicking back and forth lightly. She was wearing a white t-shirt and a pair of short blue jean shorts, with a hole cut in the back. He climbed up onto the bed and saw her breath catch in her throat as he smiled, kissing her neck softly. She moaned gently, nails raking the bed as he moved up her neck, licking, biting, sucking. 

"Oh, X..." she whimpered. He smiled, licking along her collarbone as she let out soft noises of pleasure. He slowly slid his hands to her waist, sliding up her back and pulling the shirt off as he went. She sighed softly, letting him do as he wished, as the shirt slid over her head, revealing her shapely breasts. He let passion take over, immediately taking one into her mouth and rubbing the nipple of the other breast. She cried out, claws digging into the bed as she writhed in pleasure beneath him. Finally, he let go and kissed her deeply, her arms around his neck as their tongues danced with one another. 

"Take me..." she whimpered. He smiled. 

"Not yet," he whispered in reply. "I want you to beg for it." He slowly unzipped her pants with his teeth, making her whimper and yell, pulling down her shorts and licking across her pelvis. Her claws were dug deep into the sheets, her teeth bared as she panted, her tail flicking violently. He slowly pulled down her panties and she gasped, eyes shut tight. His tongue dragged along her slit and she cried out loudly.

"PLEASE!" she begged. He slid his tongue into her and she screamed in agonizing pleasure. A warmth radiated from her that she barely ever felt, and she wanted it, bad. He licked up and flicked his tongue across her clit, her eyes closing and mouth wide in a cry of ecstacy. "So... good..." she panted warmly. He smiled and slid up her body to her, kissing her deeply, allowing her to taste her own juices as he undid his pants. 

Finally, he stood before her, completely nude, his cock hard. She scrambled to the floor, ripping any traces of clothes off of her as she latched onto his cock, sucking slow as she stared up at him. He smiled and sighed, running his hands through her hair as she sucked, tracing her tongue and the pointed ends of her teeth along his shaft. He grunted, pulling and pushing her, making her purr with excitement, only proving to provide him more stimulation. 

He was now panting as well, loving Luna sucking him off. He felt himself getting close and watched as she sucked, eyes glazed over in a state of sexual slavery. The Inhibitors really worked wonders on the Subjects. The Inhibitors required the Subjects to drink the cum of X or Moriarty, or they would go into a state of shock. Which wasn't much of a worry, considering that Moriarty and X's lust serum required them to empty themselves at least once a day for fear of chemical buildup.

He grunted, feeling it welling up inside of him. He grabbed a handful of her hair, making her gasp, and pulling her up and down on his cock until finally he threw his head back and screamed, shooting stream after stream of cum into Luna's eager mouth. She drank happily, holding him in her mouth, and finally pulling it from her and smiling. She crawled up onto the bed and X followed, kissing her deeply as she moaned in his mouth. 

"Oh, thank you..." she moaned, clawing his chest softly. He grinned and moaned. 

"Anytime, Luna." Suddenly, he felt a prick in his back. His eyes widened and his vision became fuzzy. He turned to see she had stabbed a syringe into his back. 

"Nighty night," he heard through muffled ears as he fell forward onto the bed.