 

I want to thank Valphund for his wonderful work editing my work. I try to make each part spotless but still he finds so many mistakes. He's the reason this story is readable.

I'm a chronic re-writer though, so the version you're about to read isn't the version he worked on and all mistakes in the chapter are mine and mine alone.

This part involves a bit of spanking, if that's a huge turn off you might want to skip the sex scene.

Hope you enjoy part 3 of Powers.



///// /////

Arianna and I spent the week inseparable, there was a lot of play but we spent most our time training. 

Batteries weren't very good in solo fights, but they could steal Power if you weren't careful. So it was well worth my time for Arianna to show me the tricks to dealing with a Battery. The focus was on being aggressive and going all in, the opposite of how I fought.

On Saturday there we had team practice, and I wasn't the only one that got dropped off by a hot upperclassman.

Jenny had found herself a hunk. He towered over us. I was a pretty tall and buff guy but this monster was twice my weight. His rippled muscles had more muscles on top of it. His bronzed skin contrasted with his blonde hair and it didn't have a single strand out of the place. A fucking Hercules lookalike. 

What? Who looks that perfect?

I was warming up when they arrived and everyone could see how my glove flashed a deeper red when they kissed, including Arianna.

The shame burned through me when I saw her face, I was an asshole. I had the perfect girl, that cooked, supported me and was a great lay, but I was hung up on my ex, that wasn't my ex.

Arianna stormed out and I followed. I caught up outside the door and grabbed her arm, but her upper cut caught me by surprise. I had my shields up but it didn't help, she swung with the full Power of her rage.

***

Water splashed against my face and Em stood leaning over me. Her brow was wrinkled and she rubbed one hand against her leg. She was worried? She stopped dribbling the offending fluid in my face when I reached up and covered my face with my arm. "You're an idiot, you know that, right?"

"Yes, I do --- but you're supposed to take my side."

"If I can't call you a moron, how'll you learn?"

"There's nothing you can say that I haven't already told myself, but ten times worse. So lay off."

"Sure, Partner, but you're letting Jenny win. You can't let her know it gets to you. So, come on, let's train."

I held it together and we practiced with three second year teams. It was a struggle to get Jack and Frenchy integrated in our team. I should know her name by now, I can't go on calling her Frenchy for ever, oh well.

After the training I tried to call Arianna, she didn't pick up, so I left a voice message telling her how sorry I was. I even walked by her apartment, but either she wasn't home or not answering the door.

I drank my troubles away alone in my room. The good thing about my quick rise was that I had plenty of points to spend on stupid things, like alcohol and ice cream.

***

Em found me the next morning. She carried me into the shower and I was still half drunk when I got out. Church was the last place on earth I wanted to go, but Arianna might be there. Em got me somewhat presentable and I drank a liter of water. After two Resorbs (Swedish hangover cure), we went to church.

We were late and the pastor was already giving his sermon when we snuck in. Drunk in the back seat of a church as a priest talked about the virtue of clean living was a new low, especially when the hangover kicked in and I had to find a bathroom to throw up.

I tried to look for Arianna, but I wasn't close enough to the front to see clearly. Some blondes sat in the front and anyone of them could be her. If just the sun stopped hurting my eyes so I might be able to spot her.

The service ended and Em held my hand. One of the blondes was Arianna and she shot me a nasty look. It was nothing against her two friends though, they looked like they wanted to bash my skull in, preferably slowly.

How terrible I looked melted Arianna's hate, and she sent her guard dogs outside. Em left and it was Arianna and I. I gathered my thoughts and looked her in the eye.

"I'm sorry, I'm a jerk, something is wrong with me." I looked down to my hand and waited for her to jump in, she didn't. "I can't seem to get over Jenny, she wasn't even my girlfriend, so I'm extra confused. You're a wonderful person and you deserve better."

"Yes, I am, and, yes, I do --- but I forgive you. I've been there myself, it gets better, hurts less." She reached out and took my hand. Her tears swarmed over and triggered mine. "Don't date anyone until you're over the last one, it's common courtesy. I really liked you."

She squeezed my hand before she got up and I squeezed her hand back. I traded a bit of my energy for hers and her eyes grew wide. Her surprise lasted for but a second before she broke our contact and walked out.

Em found me sitting there crying and playing with lightning, bouncing Arianna's energy back and forth until there was nothing left. Finally my stomach complained and Em dragged me out of my misery for food. I couldn't ask for a better friend. She spent that whole day with me, eating unhealthy amounts of ice cream and watching bad movies.

Life went on. I distracted myself with school work and sick amounts of practice.

A week later we were waiting for Jenny to arrive for group practice. She walked in, five minutes late, hand in hand with 'Hercules'. He was the Solo ninth Ranker. This time she wasn't just giving him a quick kiss and sending him off, no.

"I want all of you to meet my  boyfriend,  Jarred. Jarred, this is my team." I froze, there was too many emotions and Jenny grinned at me. It was calculated, she wanted to hurt me, rub my nose in it.

I bolted. The anger ignited and everything slowed down. I wanted to kill her. No matter how stupid it was, I wanted to kill her. So I ran and ran.

Em hunted me but she didn't have my anger as fuel and wasn't even close to fast enough. I sprinted out past the library and onto the beach. I found my rhythm and did a full 16km (10 miles) lap around the island before the energy ran out. When I got back to the library I broke down, physically and emotionally.

Why the fuck was I letting her get to me and why was she enjoying it? I should just grow the fuck up and get over her.

Jack found me and he sat down, patiently waiting until I was ready to talk.

"I'm done. I'm sorry, Jack, but I can't." He sat silent. "It hurts too much, I'm out."

"You're going to live your life avoiding her, eh? That's sad, eh?"

Jack was right, a mature person would get over her and work through it.

We sat in silence for a bit before he reached out and hit me. "You'll feel better after some food."

***

I slipped back into the person I was immediately after the crash. I trained, did my school work and trained until I was ready to pass out. Then the next day I did the same. My imagination kept playing Jenny and Jarred smiling, no, laughing as I ran. It gave me strength to push harder.

Em and Jack tried to stop me or get me to slow down, but I kept working. It couldn't hurt if I couldn't think, so I kept busy. I never saw Jenny and another two weeks passed. I took a break two days before the tournament, my body was screaming from the abuse, but I grew more Powerful.

I was a highly rated fighter and got nine, out of maximum ten, free wins.

My first round was the same third year that knocked me out. It felt like fate was on my side when I pulverized him. I was a man with a mission. I would be the fastest person to ever get Ranked and I would wipe away Jarred's smug smile.

The second, third and fourth match I got some of the worse fourth years. None of them stood a chance and conceded after I popped them with the first punch.

The fifth match I was up against a manipulator. He could create a white fabric like energy. He used it like a cloak, floating in front of him, to distract and block my line of sight.

I tried to punch at it but it didn't do anything, it floated away and I didn't have the snapp needed to break it.

So I dropped low and his two feet were clear as day. What an idiot. A leg sweep later, he went down, pulling his fabric with him. Amateur. With his fabric on the ground I could punch a hole straight through and the ripples spread until it crumbled apart. He had put all his eggs in that one basket and I crushed it. What a moron.

Two more wins till the cut.

In the normal competitions top sixteen had the chance to challenge the Rankers. They were the top ten in solo, top five duos or top two teams. They don't fight in the normal competition, but instead they sit on their thrones and wait for challengers. The idea is that with a stable top ten they can judge without worry and can help teach and, or motivate others.

It also didn't hurt the TV ratings to have 5-10 stable fighters on top. Giving people at home someone to cheer for. 

After the challenges finished they could challenge each other, bringing in the crowd from all over the world.

My fourth game I was up against Lucy, lady luck smiled at me. A chance to test my anti Battery capabilities and a possibility for revenge all balled up in one. I walked to my spot and flashed my crimson glove. She took one look at my crazy grin and conceded. Coward.

Then there was only the last match left.

A large African man with a yellow glove. The first round we danced around. He seemed to be a pure breed striker. No kicks or tackles. I struggled to move in but he kept his distance. It was frustrating and he won the first set on points.

The second set started the same way, but halfway through I hit a middle kick and he accepted the punishment with his right arm. So I did it again. He went for the counter punch but I protected my face and there was good contact from my kick. I threw in some low kicks in the mix. He was a boxer. How hadn't I seen that earlier? He didn't avoid the kicks or raise his leg, so I hit soft tissue with loud slaps and he countered with heavy punches.

It was time to go for the clinch. 

Pureblood boxers rolled low against clinches to get in heavy body blows. It's second nature to them, and it was perfect without use of legs. With, rolling low was a good way to get a knee to the face.

I close in and he goes for the body shot, pain shoots through me, making it hard to breath. This fucker hits hard but I'm in range to clinch. He rolls low and he is out. Not just for the set, no. He blacks out. The jumping knee has enough force to rattle his brain, even through the shield, and the defensive suit isn't much help.

There's a loud groan from the crowd, the hit looked ugly. No one wants to see a fighter carried away on a stretcher. Luckily EMT were prepared and he got to the hospital right next door in a minute.

Then the crowd started to chant. A first year in the top 16. That hadn't happened since Alex, and even he needed half a year to do it. Two months and I was a challenger.

Since my fight was early in the draw I had time to figure out how Jarred faught. Luckily for me he had been a Ranker for a while and there was plenty of match tapes to watch.

Jarred was a wrestler, his attraction with Jenny made sense, they fought the same way. He got in low, took a couple of punches but then brought you down. Once you were down he would hold you in a steady grip until you popped. He favored choke holds and arm bars over the mount and pummel that Jenny did. 

It looked too easy.

There was a break for dinner as the arena was rebuilt into the octagon.

Em, Jack and Frenchy was there for me. They kept people away as I ate a couple of bananas. Then it was time to get my focus on. A lackey with a clipboard came by and asked me who I wanted to challenge.

There was no doubt in my mind, I was a Ranker and Jarred wouldn't stand in my way. The added benefit of pummeling my ex's new boyfriend was cake on cake.

I kept warm and Jack held catchers mats for me to punch. My Power was back to tip top but my body worn out. It screamed for rest but this was my chance.

I heard the story spread. I was challenging my ex's new boyfriend. It was high quality gossip and spread like wildfire.

Jarred stands there in the octagon waiting for me as I walk in. He bows before I have time to hit my mark. I make a show of stretching. He goes low. He's ready to charge me. Idiot.

I walk up to the line and there is a huge roar as the clock starts. He goes in for the charge but so do I. The one thing he wasn't ready for was to hit me so soon. Our right shoulders meet and sparks fly. His arms come up to crush me in a bear hug, but I'm already half past him. Both my hands grip on to his right hand and I let the momentum from our clash carry me as I jump up and get my legs around his arm. He tips off balance from the weight and goes down on his knees. My right shoulder hits the mat as I finish my arm bar.

Jarred roars in defiance and stands up, holding me in the air. Ready to slam me down, about to break his own arm in the process, too stupid, or hopped up on adrenaline, to care.

'I can't break his arm but if I release him I could lose' flashed through my mind and the answer was simple, this is the position a Battery would love, direct contact with his glove and safety from punches. I steal some energy and the floodgates open. I let my hold go and my panic steals more energy. His shield goes pop as he slams me to the ground. Luckily both our protective suits trigger.

After some instant replay, his had triggered first and I get set number one.

The crowd keeps chanting 2-0. I flash the Power I stole from Jarred and the crowd goes wild. I let it bounce back and forth between fingers while the doctors check us out. Then the judge comes over and tells me to hand it back. So I do.

I can see his brain working. I wasn't the kickboxer I had showed in all my fights so far. My ruse had been successful.

I had Abigail, Em's mom, to thank for that. She beat Brazilian Jiujutsu into my bones and he didn't know what to do about it. Dumbass.

The second set started and his cautiousness suited me perfectly. I danced around him, slowly jabbing away at his shields. He tried a slow charge but I danced out of the way and gave him a hard middle kick. I could see it in his eyes, he knew he was fucked.

So he took two steps back and full blown tackled me. He had both arms out to catch me this time, but that meant he wasn't protecting his face. I jumped and my knee hit him so hard even I felt sorry for him. His shield somehow held but his head bounced around in there and a hammer fist blow later he was down. 

Somehow still in full shields. The judge tackled me away from Jarred as I prepared to stomp him. I fought back before my defensive suit was triggered remotely, locking my whole body in place.

The protective net went down and the crowd was deafening, I laid there with the roars pounding in my ears, my chest vibrating. All I could see was a sea of lamps in the ceiling. I was a ranker. The fastest one ever.

For the second time in a row the EMT was carrying away my opponent, not that I cared. I was a ranker! The doc checked me out and then my protective suit was disabled. I got up just to be tackled by Em. She clung on and moments later Jack lifted us both in the air.

I was a Ranker! My hands were shaking, it was hard to catch my breath, my mind was a pleasant weightlessness. There was a heat in my chest and tingles of joy shot through my body. I was a Ranker!

There were highlights shown on the jumbotron and the crowd groaned as one at the last knee. You could see his neck snap back and back in place again, sever whiplash.

My picture flashed with USA as a background on the screen with the word 'Winner' superimposed. The American part of the crowd started their USA chant and I bowed to them, driving them on.

The judge came out and hanged an iron nine around my neck and that was that.

The excitement was bubbling and the next Ranker was on mat ready for the next challenger.

Jack and Em carried me home. I was done, my body screamed for rest. That shower was the best one in my life.

When I got to bed my phone was on the covers with a note from Em, a big arrow pointing at the phone.

There were five messages on the phone. Three from Mary, first one was 'good luck today' from this morning. Then, before my challenge, she sent 'No matter what happens I'm proud of you. Go kick his butt!' The last one was a 'Congratulations'. 

Abigail sent a message. 'Getting a Rank isn't hard. Defending it is! That's what makes you a Ranker.'

My favorite message though was from Alex, a simple word, that warmed my soul, 'Bastard'.

***

Em was once again pounding my door. I should look into getting her a key. I unlocked the door and got back into bed. She jumped into bed making me bounce around.

"Partner." She sing-songed.

"Yes."

"My brothers want you on their team and I promised them the mighty Ranker would show up for a team practice." Her voice was bubbly and she stretched out with catlike grace. Was she taunting me or was she really that happy?

Right, her older brothers, I had forgotten about them. "It's your brothers. Why don't you go?"

"I have my own team, and, besides, I'm not good enough."

"What? You're a kickass fighter. You allways give me a run for my money, and you're by far the best first year except for Jenny and I."

She looked at me like I was stupid. "You've got no idea, who my brothers are? Do you?"

"Nope, but if you're not good enough for them, I don't want to know them. You're perfect, Em."

"Aww, that's sweet but seriously. You should check out the other rankers."

"I prefer it when you tell me what I need to know, it reminds me of your brilliance."

"Tom's a third year and he's ranked at number eight. Luke is a fourth year and right now he holds the fourth spot right now, but he's going to take back third soon." I nodded and Em slapped my butt. "Time to strut your stuff. If you're certain you want to leave my team?" She looked at me with hope in her eyes, the hope died when she saw the pain in mine.

I changed the subject as I put on my training gear."Do you have something planned for my duo with this week, or can I sit it out?"

"I was going to ask. Would you want a sexy, smart, redhead as your duo partner?"

"Wait --- You? What about..."

"The bitch is duoing with her boyfriend."

"So you and I, together again, it will be like the old days, but maybe we can Popp someone now, instead of getting crushed by the monster you call a mother."

She laughed, actually full on belly laughed. This was great, there was no one I would rather have by my side.

***

There were two tall guys waving, 'Hello,' as we stepped into the gym. They both had a darker tone in their red hair than Em, but the family resemblance was strong. 

Behind them were two girls, one of them was the girl I pointed out the first day in church, Grace. The other was one of Lucy's friends, Trixy.

Luke was clearly the leader, and he believed in throwing me into the deep end. First thing we did was a training fight against Lucy and her team from the show match. Team Asia, the fourth year edition. (AN: From now on known as Team Asia.)

I got the captain's position and both girls touched me to Power me up. Everything slowed down a significant margin and my body hummed. It felt great, then it hit me, a double battery team and they wanted me to be the point man. Alrighty then. No pressure.  None at all.

Against me stood Karateka's older brother (AN:Now the new 'Karateka'), and behind him was Lucy and another girl, then on the flank, facing Luke, was a really tall guy, on the side against Tom was a normal girl. Our teams felt very equal so winning the center should be a huge advantage.
