 Fuck.

Fuck the fucking challenge Queen Alicia presented to me. Fuck me for fucking accepting it. Fuck my body that seems to be both in the fucking paradise and in fucking hell because of the fucking Kiss. Fuck the fucking slavers that fucking ambushed me and caused this fucking situation in the first place. Fuck this. Fuck it all.

Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.

Okay, so. It's pretty clear that my body isn't rejecting any of the Kiss Queen Alicia pumped into me six and a half days ago. In fact, it seems to be revelling in it. I've been in a state of high arousal the whole time, the need to pleasure myself mounting every waking moment. At least now the pain that I had in the first three days is gone. Instead, I have the pain of an erect penis. That is, a penis that's been erect FOR THREE AND A HALF DAYS.

It seems that while the hormone decided that having a peehole and a clitoris was not okay. For the first three days I had to writhe in a mix of pain, agony and a need for an orgasm as my genitals reformed themselves, making a pecker grow from where my nub used to be. After that, only the need to get off remained.

But like it would be that easy. Noooo, that would be way too easy, Kyrie. Like you'd get off that easily.

I haven't reached a single. Friggin. Orgasm.

Not a single one.

It took allmy willpower not pleasure myself whilemy cock was growing, but after that, the arousal got to me. Then I had to start, in order to get at least some reprieve. But to my horror, whacking the new addition and fingering my hole only had the effect of hightening the need. I got some pleasure out of it, but now it's just agonizing since it's not building towards anything, but I can't stop it.

To my surprise though, it hasn't clouded my mind . In fact, my mind might be sharper than ever! Which is weird. Shouldn't Love Goddess's Kiss dull ones mind, not sharpen it?

And having a sharp mind in this state seems more like a curse than a blessing. I keep having such vivid fantasies of screwing Alicia senseless that they alone keep my need building up. Funnily enough, it's just Alicia. All other Azaries just pass under it. I've rationalized it that because I got the hormones from her and my body is now hooked to them, my subconscious thinks that she's the only source. Probably after a while, getting the Kiss from any Azarie would be sufficient to satisfy this addiction. I shudder at the thought. Me, tied down to a pole somewhere, used as a cum dump by the whole city. I can already feel how my body perks up as I imagine how the Queen has finally decided to use the new city bicyc-

Damn it! Now Alicia's invading even my damn waking nightmares! And now the thought aroused me! Stars above, what's happening to me?! Get yourself together, Kyrie!

Actually, since my mind's at Alicia again, it's kinda funny. What I've heard, when an addict is close to a source of the Kiss, not only does their arousal make their mind numb, but also their muscles relax, making them weak, helpless, and wanton. Instead, every time the Queen has visited me on these six days my mind hones on her, and I have to literally restrain myself from trying to have my way with her. Her mere presence draws me to her like honey draws a fly. Or a venus flytrap draws a fly, as is the case.

And the draw has only gotten worse. It's like I can sense where she is, and instinctively try to go there. Like now she's a few rooms away from me and... getting... closer...

Hell's bells! The Queen! She's coming to visit again. Noooo no no no no no. This isn't good. This isn't good at all. I'm not ready! Damn it, pull yourself together, Kyrie! You can do this! A half of a day to go, then I'll be free! Free, damn it! Don't screw this up, don't-

"Miss Kyrie?" I hear the Queen's bell like voice, and immediately focuses on that, blocking out everything else. My mind's eye starts to draw the situation, with Alicia right behind the door with all her glory, her face scrunched into a look of concern, if the tone of her voice is any indication. Her huge butt swinging from side to side as she changes the leg she lays her weight on, and her tail slowly twitching as she's impatiently waiting for my answer.

Oh, how easy a target she would be. I can easily surprise her and pin her down, and then pound that ass like there's no tomorrow. The bitch would deserve each stroke I, every drop of cum. I have a week's worth of arousal in me, and I will give that to her. With interest, compounded daily. Oh, I will give her so much of me that she breaks, and then I'll make her mine. She will be mine. Mine!

Wait, no! Snap out of it, Kyrie! Nooo, no, no, stop accumulating. Stop!

But my body doesn't respond. Instead, it just keeps instinctively accumulating mana. I can feel how the power courses to my fingertips, to the bottoms of my feet, to the tip of my tongue. The power runs through my veins to every part of my body, ready to be used to abuse Alicia. No longer is my body willing to align with my mind. No longer does my body respond to anything I tell it that won't in some way lead up to me having rough, passionate, lust filled sex with the Matriarch of the Azaries. My mind is the last thing still fighting this addiction.

And honestly? It's tired of it, too.

When people speak of magic in our world, they usually mean either one of two types. The more common one - which can be used by anyone who just has trained enough - is the magic of the body. A person's body generates life force, which it uses for movement and vitality. Usually, a body generates more life force than it needs, and then stores the excess in the body. Those trained in body magic are capable of tapping to that reserve, using it as a fuel to achieve extraordinary feats.

Less common is the magic of the mind. Every once in a while, say once in a thousand births, a child is born with the potential to see the world a differently, sensing the system that makes the laws of physics work. They have the ability to influence that system, and the willpower to succeed in it. These people are what the world has labeled wizards, witches and magicians.

But there's a third type that's mostly known only within the academic circles of the arcane. The magic of the soul. Theories go that the world is filled with an energy that has been dubbed 'mana'. When properly channeled, this energy can be used to do things beyond normal human comprehension. The problem with it, though, is that it's strenuous to gather enough mana to do anything, and unbelievably challenging to turn it into anything. It also requires really long rituals to gather the energy where one to try it by themselves, and the rituals are so complex and precise that one minor mistake can change the whole intended effect.

Yet, some have theorised that there exist individuals for whom accumulating mana is second nature. Individuals who can use that power naturally. Individuals who can comprehend what goes on behind a ritual, stripping it down to a simple spell. Or shape the mana into whatever they wish. The Gifted.

That is why I'm able to teleport behind Alicia while I'm still gathering the mana around me. With a quick twist of my wrist towards her, I summon the shadows to bind her arms on the wall, effectively disabling her. Alicia's head turns, and her eyes widen as she sees me standing there. I might be a bit terrifying sight, being all sex crazed and all. But I can't keep my eyes focused on her face for long enough to figure out what's going on in her head.

Instead, my gaze drops down to that beautiful bubble butt of hers. Her currently rather animated tail keeps me from seeing what she's hiding between those round cheeks, so I create another shadowy tentacle to bind it to the roof of the room. This has inadvertent effect of pushing her ass out more, giving me even better access to it. Too bad she hasn't thought of having the same kind of loincloth on the back like she has on the front. Too bad for her, that is.

I now see her genitals in all their glory. Her cock seem to be at half mast and dripping precum. The lips of her cunt have engorged, and a heavy stream's leaking out of it, down her legs. Even her asshole seems like it wants me. Or maybe that's just the little voice in the back of my head. The one that has been present every time Alicia has visited in these six days. The one that keeps whispering to my ear: Fuck her. Fuck her hard. She's your bitch. Make her your bitch. Show her you're the only one worthy to be her mate. Make her scream. Make her scream for you. Fuck her. Fuck her! FUCK HER!

And now, I'm finally willing to comply.

Without hesitation I warp to her, grabbing those cheeks and pulling her closer to me. I've long since stopped wearing clothes because of the friction they cause, and my dick has been rock hard for days now. So, without prolonging it any more, I plunge myself deep into her.

We both groan from the penetration, and the feelers inside her tush start making desperate grabs on my cock. This is it. This is what I've been missing for the past days. This complete feeling of pure pleasure. The need for more clouds my mind, and I start my unfettered thrusting, letting out animalistic grunts on each push in. The voice rejoices. Yes! Yees! Like that, keep going. Make her your bitch. Fill her with your seed. Impregnate her. Go deeper, deeper!

And I try. I try to get my dick's head deeper on every thrust. I try to build up an orgasm, and to get whatever I'll produce from it as deep inside her as I can. My pumps have no rhythm, no reason, just pure animalistic instinct.

My mind is completely blanked out by lust. The only things I can focus on are my lust and need for Alicia, and the voice egging me on. And I just barely notice that it seems like another voice has appeared in my head, one that reminds me of the Queen's voice. And it, too, is edging me on, saying the exact same things. Fuck me! Fuck me! Make me your bitch! Fill me with your seed!

Suddenly Alicia straightens her legs, lifting me off the ground with her donkey. I fall forward, my chest hitting her back, and wrap my arms and tail around her to keep me on. My legs wrap around her thighs in order to get some leverage, and then I resume the pelvic thrust with double the vigour. I can already feel an orgasm closing in. An orgasm! The first friggin orgasm in so long!

Suddenly, Alicia's vagina tightens around me, sending me over the edge. My cock starts pulsating as I cum, and the last shreds of logic deem that I'm pumping sperm into her. The two voices cheer and congratulate me with a Good girl, and I black out.

Once I start getting back to my senses, I realize that I'm resting on something firm but soft. And warm. Very warm. My head's laying on something that feels like a firm pillow, and my ear is hearing a calming, relaxed, rhythmic, thumping from underneath. There's a serene and protected atmosphere, one that is making me feel like I could keep on sleeping forever.

The second thing I realize is that the mind-breaking arousal is gone. What had been a ravaging storm these past days has calmed down to a nice summer rain. Still clearly there, but now it feels like a pleasant hum instead of an agonizing buzz.

Where am I? What happened? I start to collect my hazy memories. Oh, right, I raped the Queen.

...

I... Raped... The... Queen...

I raped the friggin Queen!

My eyes shoot open. I try to get up, but I am pulled back down by six strong arms. I jerk my gaze up, and to my surprise find out that the comfortable mattress I've been laying on is, in actuality, Queen Alicia. She looks at me, a serene smile on her lips.

"Did you sleep well, love?" she asks, her tone betraying a tint of playfulness. "I must admit, you had me worried. Most would've gone stark raving mad from lust in two days. I started to think that your body rejected my hormone." She lifts me slightly, snuggling me closer. "But it didn't! You accepted it fully! And that also means I won the challenge! Therefore," she fixes her gaze on me, predatory grin slowly spreading on her face, "you are now mine."

Without a second thought I warp to the other side of the room, taking a defensive stance. I make mana slowly gather in me, while I try to figure out a plan of action. I see Alicia's expression twisting into surprise as she loses hold of me, and she raises her head, doing a quick searching look around the room before finding me again. I use this moment to also look at my surroundings. Clearly we're no longer in the "guestroom" I was put in for the duration of the challenge. Based on the slight extravagance of the furniture, I'd say that we're in Alicia's bedroom.

She frowns at me. "I've imagined many things about you, but a sore loser isn't one of them, miss Kyrie."

I smirk back. "You thought about me? I'm honoured." Then I adopt a more stern look. "This isn't a matter that I would swallow willingly. I refuse to become one of your little addicts."

She gives me a confused look before also adopting a bit more serious attitude. "Well, it's too late now. Your body has completely absorbed my hormone. The cravings can't be removed anymore without ripping out something that you are."

"Like the addiction won't!"

Again she looks confused, which infuriates me even more. "Love Goddess' Kiss strips the person of their ability to think! And now you made me addicted to it! So either way, I'm losing a part of myself! And I REFUSE to become your little slave!"

Her confused expression slowly morphs into that of a realization, from which it turns into anger. And to rage.

She jumps up, and with a few quick strides walks to me, stopping to stand so close that I can feel every angry puff of breath from her flared nostrils on my skin. Her eyes blaze with fury as she looks down on me, keeping her posture as tall as she can in her state. Through clenched teeth she says "Do. NOT. Equate. Our noble hormone. With that. FILTH. Of a substance."

I just stand there, frozen in place. Too scared to even quiver. Dang she's scary when she's enraged! And hot as hell! ... And I did not just think that. But what she said bewilders me. So, I do the only logical thing. Stutter out "W-w-w-wha-wha-what?"

Alicia takes a few deep breaths, her rage turning into what seems like disappointment. And shame? "Seems like you didn't know what you were agreeing to when you took on the challenge. Which means I've broken one of our most sacred of laws." She sits back down on the bed, her face falling on her hands. "Oh Great Mother help me. This was shaping out to be so perfect, but nooo..."

Okay, so obviously she isn't trying to enslave me. That fact relaxes me a little, and I let the mana I had accumulated out of me. Okay then, the main question then is...

"What am I addicted to, then?"

She raises her gaze on me. "You're addicted to me. Your cravings demand that you have sex with me, and only me. Each Azarie's hormone is unique to them, and thus when an Azarie gives their hormone to someone and the receiver's body doesn't reject it, that body morphs so that it craves only that Azarie. Technically, the receiver becomes a new being who's mostly who they were, but also a bit of the giver. That's why your hair has red ends now." That makes me look at my braid. True, my jet-black hair has red endings now. I also look down... to not see a cock. Confused, I slip my hand down and feel around, and yes, find a dickhead. It seems that it draws itself inside my body when it's not erect.

"Is that also why I have a retractable penis now?"

Alicia frowns at that. "You didn't have that originally?" I shake my head. "Hmm, weird. It usually doesn't affect a person that strongly."

Alicia leans back. "Addicting another to us is our most cherished ritual, our mating rite. We try to addict the one we want as our mate. When we started to mingle with other races, we set up a law that requires us to inform potential mates of what they're getting into. As I said, a normal person would've irrevocably lost their mind within two days of not attending the craving. So that law must never be violated."

"So, the Azarie hormone isn't same as Love Goddess's Kiss?"

"No. That filthy poison uses our hormone as an ingredient, which is why you probably thought they were the same. The other ingredients are the ones that rip the ability to think and function properly from a person. It also changes the addiction from the person to the substance."

"... Okay, so the challenge was just you starting off the actual Azarie mating ritual between us?"

A nod.

"And why did we have to do it in front of everyone? Obviously you didn't believe that I was here to assassinate you; why would you want me as your mate if you did?" 

A frown.

"I distinctly remember saying that it is a tradition that the Queen initiates the mating rite in front of her subjects."

That makes me slightly annoyed, but she did. Now there's only one question unanswered.

"Why me?"

She fixes a stern and steady gaze at me. "Why wouldn't I want my saviour as my mate?"

... What?

I guess my confusion is painted on my face, since Alicia breathes out heavily, stands up, and strides to the wardrobe - it's kinda funny to think that she has a wardrobe, considering how little she actually wears. She pulls out something cloth covered, removes the cloth and presents the item to me.

In her hands is a long, thin, black piece of wood. All over it runs runic markings that softly glow a red and silvery light, and here and there are beads, feathers and other ornaments tied to it. A quarter of the staff has been thinned out even more at one end, giving it the appearance of a sword's edge, and giving making the piece of wood look like a spear. The other end - the top - forms up a small claw. A claw that is grasping on a globe-like piece of ruby.

My staff.

With shaky hands I reach for it, grasping it softly. The familiar pulse of power flows into me, and a tear falls out of my eye. And another. And another. And I've started crying. Alicia takes a step forward, bringing me into a comforting embrace. And all I can say through my sobbing is "you win. I lost. I'm yours."