 "Why do we need all the chains if a dragon is just going to eat her? It's not like she can get away." The young guard fussed as he put manacles on the girl's wrists and ankles, then looked her over again. "She's barely even started growing tits." He reached for her breast. "Such a waste. Should at least let a man have her once first."

"You're an idiot, boy." An older guard smacked the boy's hand away from the girl's body. "Leave her be. She's going to get all the touching she wants soon enough. And where'd you get the idea the dragon's going to eat her?"

"Well, the girls never come back down, and you guys never tell what happens up here." He shrugged. "People talk. The dragon swoops in, toasts the girl, eats her, and swoops out again."

"That's daft. Why would we feed young women to dragons? It's not like Wastelek has an excess of them." The old guard laid the girl on her back on the altar and moved the chains of her wrist and ankle manacles to the corners. He estimated the girl to be around eighteen but underdeveloped, as most of the girls he saw were. "There you go, sweetheart. Just relax and everything will be even better than you hoped for." He grabbed the young guard's arm and dragged him to stand between two pillars at the edge of the shrine. "Now stand here. Watch, learn, and shut up." He squeezed the boy's bicep. "That means even after we go back down. Stay shut up."

A blast of fire filled the shrine without heating anything. 

A forest green dragon swooped down and landed on the altar as the girl screamed in surprise. The dragon, with a body not much larger than the girl's, positioned himself over her.

"Ssh! This is a lot more pleasant for both of us without all the screaming," the dragon pleaded in a gravelly voice. His tongues shot down into the girl's mouth as she opened it to scream again. Wiggling his hips, he revealed a tentacle-like penis working its way to the girl's pussy, then slowly easing inside.

"It's raping her!" The young guard's whisper was rather loud for someone trying to hide.

"Shush." The older guard cuffed the younger one. "Pay attention. Watch."

As the dragon's penis moved into the girl his claws broke the chains attached to her manacles even though they weren't attached to anything else. The girl's arms wrapped around the dragon's neck, working around his wings, as did her legs. Pulling his tongues from her mouth, he chuckled, a roaring sound that made the girl wince as she kissed his snout. His penis still inside her, he wrapped his arms around her body and leaped into the air, his huge wings lifting both of their small bodies easily.

"So, how is that better than being eaten?" The young guard watched the girl's arms and legs try to hold on to the dragon's body.

"Look at her. She isn't fighting to get away, she's trying to hang on." The guard chuckled as the dragon and girl lifted into the air. "Okay, now it might just be to avoid falling to her death, but she was grabbing on to him before he even took off. The girls volunteer, they just get a little scared when it starts."

"The girls are happy. If you want to go trekking across the swamps to those mountains out there and try to rescue them you'll end up fighting the girls, not the dragons. Maybe the dragons do something to their heads or something, but the girls are happy to make baby dragons and raise them and the dragons are happy to give the girls everything it takes to keep them content - even men, if that is what they want." He laughed. "You could be one of them if you get that far. The dragons treat them well - better than most of the men in Wastelek do their women. I don't think the dragons mess with their heads much, since they come getting other things from us just to make the girls happy. If they were using magic on their minds they wouldn't need to do that." Patting his sword he muttered quietly, "and if you say a word you will be out in the swamps, one way or another."

"Yes, sir." The young guard looked at the empty altar. "That wasn't a very big dragon. We could have killed it."

"Why? Boy, didn't you listen to a thing I said? The girl was obviously happy and would have died in the battle. Dragons can make fire that burns, although they usually don't. One or the other of us, or both, could have been killed because dragon scales are tougher than iron. AND," the older guard huffed, "do you know what is on the other side of the mountains past the swamp?" 

"No. We aren't allowed to go out there. Not that I'd want to - that swamp reeks!" The young guard chuckled, thinking he'd made a joke.

"A large army." The older guard stood up straight and watched the dragon fly away with his prize. "A very large army. That is afraid of dragons."