 William was lost. 

He was pretty sure he followed the map he had found hidden in an old book about ancient myths. It was in a chapter that told of a race of beings that ruled in this area 5000 years ago. 

They made mention of a temple that should be where he was now. A temple where some kind of ritualistic ceremony took place. 

He didn't trust his translations of the text though. Ancient Native American languages wasn't his strong suit. 

The best he could come up with was "the gods would take the (strongest) male of the tribe, then (consume) his (life fluid) for days".

Obviously, the straight translation was more choppy than that, but what he took from it was that they drained a warriors blood, but slow enough for him to replenish it. Otherwise, how could they do it for days?

He was hoping to find answers. If only he could find the temple (assuming it even exists)...

It's getting dark now, so he decides to set up camp and try again tomorrow.

Making his way up the mountain, he comes to a stony outcrop that can protect him from the weather and provide some wind resistance. 

He sets camp, builds a fire and has dinner. He gets so engrossed in his study of his maps and notes, that he doesn't realize how dark it's gotten. His fires dying down and he's unwittingly used up all of his wood. 

The forest is really creepy at night, even for a manly man like him. You have to have a fire to keep the predators at bay. The last thing you want is for a wolf to show up at camp!

Taking his flashlight, he goes to gather enough wood for the night. The narrow beam of light doesn't light up much of the woods and the cacophony of sounds, coupled with the way the light plays tricks with the shadows makes him wish he had told someone he was coming out here. If something happens, nobody will even know he's gone!

He decides to get his phone out of his pack to rectify his mistake. When he sets his pack down he fumbles his flashlight. It bounces off of a rock and tumbles into an adjacent ravine. In the beam of the light, he sees what looks to be some kind of ancient pictograph that he's never seen before...

The temple!! Could it be?!!

He begins to make his way down the steep slope, but slips on some wet leaves. His body slams into the ground and he goes head over heels down the ravine. As he approaches the bottom, his mind plays tricks on him and he sees eyes shining in the dark of the entrance. He doesn't have much time to contemplate this, because his body comes to a jarring halt as his head slams into something phenomenally hard.

His last thought, before the darkness consumes his mind, is, "This can't get any worse..."

Some time later he woke slowly...

First thing he noticed was the ringing in his ears. His head hurt. BAD... He wonders if that's why he can't seem to move... 

He opens his eyes slowly, wondering how long he's been out...

He's immediately taken aback. He's in some kind of chamber, strapped to some kind of metal table that appears to be hovering...

There's a soft glow coming from somewhere, but he can't find a light source...

He's nude and his hands and feet are buckled into the table. Although he can feel the coolness and dampness of the air, he can't seem to move his muscles.

Although he's weathered many dangerous situations, nothing here makes sense...

Trying to calm himself, he attempts to survey the situation.

He feels the light, damp breeze... So there's an opening somewhere... He only has a 180 degree view of the room, since he can't move his head and the light doesn't penetrate the darkness that deep.

The light! There has to be an opening somewhere above him, but, again, he can't see that far...

He yells to try and gauge just how big the cavernous chamber is, but there's no echo. Not one... His scream falls flat and ends as soon as his mouth shuts... 

All of a sudden he hears a clang in the distance behind him. 

Straining his ears, he tries to garner some sort of clue as to what's going on...

Suddenly, with no apparent machinery involved, his table begins to rotate him to a vertical position. He doesn't feel his weight pull him down at all...

What the fuck is going on, he thinks...

Then a small prick in his neck... His senses are suddenly heightened. 

He can see the walls of the room now, although the light doesn't seem brighter. It's still just there, with no apparent source. 

His nose picks up the smell of old metal, wet dirt and something else... Almost familiar... Something... Primal?...

He can hear a rhythmic airy sound... Very close to him. Deep and kind of grating... But it's not steady. It seems to be getting faster... Wind? Unlikely... Maybe it's his breath... But when he holds his, he can still hear it...

His bodies tingling, but he still can't move it.

He notices that his cock is kind of swollen. Not hard, but just... LARGE. Bigger than he ever remembers it. But he associates that with the fear...

Now he picks up a taste... The old metal and wet dirt is there, buts it's buried way deep under a smell that he associates with animals... And it's strong. Very strong... And it's making his mind play tricks on him... His cock starts to harden and lengthen... Soon it's painfully hard. And all he can think about is how much he wants to cum...

The buckles on his feet start undoing themselves. He can't see anything, but he can feel fingers (sort of) touching his ankles. Then his wrists begin being freed... 

The table he's on starts rotating back to a horizontal position and lowering to the floor. When he reaches floor level, there's a faint click and he actually feels his muscles awaken. 

Shakily rising to his feet, he gingerly steps forward. He feels strong. Not normal strong... Stronger. Like he's been... Amplified? No other way to put it...

He doesn't understand why his cock is as hard as it is, but he can't help but marvel at it. He touches it lightly with one hand, as if it might break if he's too rough. That one light touch sends lust raging through his brain...

He grasps it with one hand and strokes... Once, twice... All the way to the swollen tip... Al the way back down to his heavy testicles...

He then feels like he's been hit in the face with a sledge hammer. His body flies backwards and lands in a crumpled heap on the floor. He feels the blood flow from his lip into his mouth. As he begins to rise, he feels a heavy blow upwards into his ribs, as if he's been kicked and the wind immediately rushes out of him.

On his back now, he feels a weight settle on his chest and a hand with sharp talons close around his throat. Through swelling and tears eyes, a human like shape is appearing above him... As his mind tries to make sense of what's happening, he feels his cock being enveloped in a warm, oddly muscled sheath. He hears an animalistic keening as his cock disappears into the forming monster above him... 

He feels as if his cock is being crushed inside this thing, but it's the single most erotic thing he's ever experienced. As the thing rises up, the grip of its (her) pussy(?) pulls him up slightly with her...

When she slams back down, he feels as if his pelvis is going to crack under the onslaught...

It's not long before he realizes that he's on the verge of cumming, despite the pain and fear. This realization gives him the strength to fight harder and he's able to buck her off of him. 

His cock is released from its imprisonment and the cool air, causes it to harden even more...

The creature howls at his escape but quickly recovers. Blocking his punch, she sweeps his ankles and he lands on his back again...

Taking him by the ankle, she uses a strength that he never imagined was possible to slam him, horizontally, into the wall. Letting him drop, she quickly rolls him to his back and once again traps his cock inside her pussy...

With her knees on either side of his hips, her ankles under her ass and on top of his knees, she puts her sharp tipped hands on his chest, puncturing his skin just enough to draw blood...

Now driven by a need for his seed, she frantically rides him, her strangely muscled pussy squeezing and milking him...

He tries once again to fight back, but she quickly stops his struggle by placing her hand on the side of his head and leaning forward. With her weight pushing on his skull, and her frantic fucking, he's worried that his head will split open...

She pushes all the way down on him and her body clenches up. Claws close, the one on his head feeing like its leaving imprints in his skull and the one on his chest slicing deeper into his pectoral. He feels her pussy squeezing and pulling on his cock and without any warning, his orgasm is on him full force.

Cum surges up his cock, spraying into the strange beast, over and over again, as her howl continues on and her pussy just pulls and sucks jet after jet out of him...

As he's coming down from the biggest orgasm he's ever experienced, he realizes that she's not done yet. 

As she starts to move on top of him again, he realizes that despite just cumming buckets, his cock feels harder than ever...