 It had been one of those days...just all around crappy. My boss was a sexist ass that never listed to anything, my work was for a mindless ape and worst of all...I had put up with it for 6 plus years now. So, I did the only logical thing...I took half of a sick day.

Most people have cigarettes or booze...I have the outdoors. It gives me a high that little else comes close to...well, besides great sex. So, I planned on doing what I love...2nd best...go hiking. 

I quickly went home and changed into hiking gear: a tiny t, short khaki shorts, thick socks and some trekking shoes. I loved how I looked in the shorts; it made my legs look like a thorough bred's. God invented short shorts for leggy women, such as myself.

As I drove to the trail head, I noticed that the skies were beginning to look a little threatening, cast with deep blue and grey tones. I really didn't care though. I had hiked in worse conditions, and besides, I needed the crisp, mountain air stinging my lungs. 

I pulled up to the parking area to Cougar Canyon trail head and noticed that it was empty. Good. That meant I would be alone out there. No kids screaming, dogs barking, just nature and me.

Cougar Canyon was my favorite trail. It was a hard climb through lots of cedar, alder, maple and tall fir. And just when you thought your lungs could take no more climbing, the forest opened up to reveal a small, rocky canyon through which a clear, fast-flowing creek ran. It was truly magical.

Along the trail, I noticed how much darker the woods looked when the sky was heavy with rain. Call me crazy, but it was the type of place I imagined seeing Ewoks or the like!

Striding farther along the trail, I had an odd feeling like I was being watched. I stopped for a moment and had a look around. The trees were cloaked with heavy moss, which dampened any sound that the woods emitted. If someone, something was out there, I would never hear them/it.

It started sprinkling on me as I was at the last ½ mile of the trail. It felt great and cooled my skin. My hair started matting down to the back of my neck.  Since I thought I'd run into no one else, glamour wasn't a big issue.

At the end of the trail, I was proved wrong. There was someone there. An intriguing someone. Looking down into the canyon, a black man sat on a rock. He was wearing no shirt and seemed rather statuesque. Rain drops gathered on his skin only to race off the contours of his muscles and bald head to the ground.

"I've been waiting for you," he said with a very mysterious accent.

I stood there with a blank look on my face. Was he talking to me? I took a quick look around. I was the only one there. Perhaps he was on the phone. Not wanting to make an ass of myself, I ignored that he had said anything and stretched. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I watched as he ran a large hand over his wet head and face. 

"You don't want to talk to me," he said and twisted his body to look at me.

That's when I saw them; his crystal blue eyes. I had never seen anyone with eyes that blue, let alone an African American. They were almost unreal. I realized that I was staring, with my mouth open, none the less. "I'm sorry; I thought you were on the phone...?"

He flashed a bright smile and turned back to the canyon. "I wasn't sure if I'd see you up here today."

Okay, what the hell was he talking about? Waiting for me? See me today? I didn't know him nor did I ever remember seeing him up there. "Excuse me, but have we met?"

"No," he said softly. He got up and walked over to me. He had to be a decent 6'3". "I have wanted to meet you though." He extended his hand slowly, "My name is Rylan".

Looking up at him, I still couldn't get over his eyes. I felt like a deer in the headlights of an oncoming car. "Meg," I managed to say, taking his hand. It was warm, soft and strong. 

"Meg," Rylan repeated with a smile. 

The whole situation still seemed a bit odd to me. Was he hitting on me or what was going on? This is where the story takes an...odd...twist.

My hand was still in his. I noticed my skin started feeling warm and tingly. 

"I have been waiting to talk to you for a while. I noticed you like to come up here and, if you don't mind me saying," he continued in his thick accent, "I find that you are a very beautiful and healthy woman." Rylan slowly eyed me over.

"Thank you?" I didn't really know what to say to that.

"Look," he put his other hand on top of my hand which he was holding. "I'm just going to say it." Rylan drew in a deep breath, "I have a favor to ask of you...but not one that's without it's reward."

"Rylan," I could see what was coming or at least I thought. "I barely know you."

"Please," he said softly, "please just hear me out."

The warmth was spreading from my hand up my arm. I just stood there.

"I'm not from...here," Rylan said softly. I know he was watching me for a reaction to his words. "I came in search of a human such as yourself."

"I see." I cocked an eyebrow at him, drawing my hand from his. "Of all the lame pick-up lines, you are using 'I'm an alien'?" I couldn't believe my ears. Did I look stupid? The warmth started dying from my arm.

He just stared at me for a moment, with a look that made me second guess his motives. "Please?" He pointed to my hand.

I don't know what I was thinking, but like a robot, I put my hand in his once more.

Rylan closed his eyes. "If you do not believe me, could a man do this." 

Just as he spoke those words, I felt the warmth again. Yet this time, the warmth grew faster, as did the tingling. It quickly made its way up my arm, coursing through my veins to my torso. I felt a sudden euphoria, very close to the feeling post orgasm. I felt as if I was glowing. "Oh my god," I mumbled.

The rain continued to fall.

Rylan was staring at me when I opened my eyes. "I came here in search of you." He was obviously confident that his 'proof' had worked. "I am one of the few of my kind left and, having said that, I'm sure you can guess what I need as a favor." His ice blue eyes never leaving mine.

I gasped. "You mean you want me to....have your...child??"

He looked at my feet for a moment, then looked back up to me. "Yes." His eyes scanned my face for a reaction, and then he added, "As payment, I have several things to give you that are worth much in human's eyes...several uncut diamond rocks, a large vein of gold and several oysters full of black pearls, if you agree. Not to mention, it won't be like a human experience. It's much more pleasant and lasts only four months."

My mind had a hard time wrapping around his proposal. He wasn't human, he wanted me to have his baby, and he'd give me diamonds, pearls and gold.

Rylan again shot the warm tingle through my body. As I stood there in the glow, he brought his face next to my ear and whispered, "And I promise, I'll take my time and be gentle with you."

Having a blue-eyed black man telling me that gave me chills. I shuddered. Somehow, what Rylan said made sense to me...or at least, I thought it was a fair deal. "Okay," I heard myself say. Actually, I was thinking more of the sex and less of the bargain.

Rylan smiled faintly and slowly lowered his plump lips to mine. "I would like to mate with you here first," he said as our lips brushed. He kissed me. "Is that okay?"

At that point, I was ready to do pretty much anything he wanted to. I just nodded.

Rylan took me by my hand over to a large fir with a skirt of thick, green moss. He tenderly pushed my back up to the tree and kissed me again. Oh my God did his mouth feel wonderful. He may have looked like a human, but his kissing was out of this world!

My shorts and panties were around my feet without much effort on Rylan's part. "I'll take more time with you tonight," he said in between kisses. His fingers slowly slipped between my thighs to my warm folds. Rylan found my opening, gently eased in his finger.

I gasped.

"Mmm...that feels nice," he said huskily. 

I couldn't believe this was happening. I was so thankful that my boss had been a huge ass that day and I had taken the rest of the day off! I was about to have sex in my most favorite place in the world!

Rylan ran small circles around my sensitive bud. He was sending the same warmth into my clitoris as he had with my hand. I whimpered softly, putting my hands on Rylan's shoulders and my forehead onto his muscular, black chest. 

"That's it, Meg. That's it," he said softly into my ear.  Just as he said that, I came. I gripped his shoulders tightly, crying out in ecstasy. He slowed his swirling until my trembling stopped. 

"Spread your legs a little," and I did what he said. His mouth met mine again, and I heard him unfastening his shorts. "Just look into my eyes. I want to see what you feel as you feel it..."

Still reeling from the orgasm, I lifted my eyes to his. It was such an amazing contrast, his skin to his eyes. It almost reminded me of the beach...rich dark sand and sparkling blue water. 

Rylan knelt down some. He put one hand on my bottom and then I felt his cock head slowly part my lips, dipping into my pussy. It felt pretty large, but not in a bad way. He pushed a little more and I closed my eyes. His thick head was in.

"Meg," he whispered. "Open your eyes."

I opened my eyes slowly, only then did he continue. He fed my pussy an inch at a time, with drawing after each push. By this time, I was really slick and hot. "Please, push it in," I managed to say breathlessly.

Rylan lifted me up the tree a little and thrust his entire length up into me. I cried out loudly.

At that moment, thunder clapped and it began to rain harder.

He found a rhythm and, as he gave me long deep thrusts, my orgasm was building quickly. What an amazing thing it was. Rain, wet black skin, the outdoors, those amazing blue eyes, my pussy being filled by an amazing cock. Electricity ran through my body.

Rylan continued to stare into my eyes as he fucked me. God, did it feel great. 

"Mmm, you're opening up nicely." His voice was rough.  "You're almost there, aren't you."

"Ohh gawd Rylan," I managed to whimper. I felt everything...the ridge of his head, all of the veins...it was if his cock was expanding...growing longer and thicker. Rylan continued giving me long, deep thrusts with his entire length.  "Fuck..." I shut my eyes and leaned my head against the tree.

"No, Meg..." he said, and pulled his cock out of me. "Look into my eyes," he ordered.

Damn, I was wet, wet and empty. "Rylan..." I moaned and looked back to him.

The second our eyes met back up, he thrust into me, and fucked me hard. 

I came in seconds, nearly screaming. "Holy shit!" Try as I did, I couldn't stop my eyes from rolling into the back of my head. It was the most intense orgasm I had ever had.

Rylan continued to pound me hard. "That's it, Meg. Take it. Mmmm, yeah."

As my orgasm died down, Rylan slowed. "Now, just stay still and keep looking at my eyes." He stopped after a deep thrust, and pulled me close to him. We stared at each other silently. Rylan was still deep inside, his cock throbbed teasingly. Then I felt it. He was coming. Even so, he remained motionless. "Yeah..." he hissed. He brushed his lips against mine. "There you go..."

The warmth and tingling shot through my pussy to my body. I came again...harder than the last time. I screamed, panted deeply trying to catch my breath, then everything went dark.