 Tor woke with a start, worried that he might have let the fire go out. The penalty for letting that happen was severe, so it was with some relief that he felt the orange glow of flame warming the left side of his face. At the age of some 18 winters, it was his first special task and he did not want to fail, but he was still exhausted from the day's hunt and needed sleep. 

Relaxing a bit, he stretched his arms into the cool cave air, yawning in a rich bouquet of hickory smoke and roast gazelle. As he contemplated rising to tend to the flame, he perceived through squinted eyes a shadow approaching him from the darkness. 

As the figure entered the light, he first saw the gentle cheek of a female face set among a short, cropped nest of dark, curled frizzy hair with intense, dark eyes flashing with the fire. It was Aga and his penis jerk with excitement as if knew what was about to happen even before his conscious mind.

As the rest of her slight figure came into the light, he inhaled as he saw her gently push a strap from her shoulder and watch her dress drop to the cave floor, revealing her lithe frame, with tiny breasts and an unruly dark thatch of hair sprouting arrogantly from her loins. She was older than him, but in the dark she looked younger than most of the more than dozen women who lived in the cave.

Pausing for a moment while he took in her naked visage, she fixed him with a purposeful gaze licked her finger tips, swirling around her pouting nipple and then watch her fingers disappear into the mysterious muff covering her sex for a few seconds before crawling onto him.

Seeing her heat instantly made erection swell, proudly lifting off his belly as he pulled aside the skins covering him, inviting her to join him.

In less than an instant, he found himself between her thighs as she pressed herself onto him, her hips straddling down his torso until he was swept away by the euphoric sensation of his knob nestling into the entrance to her pussy.

He grunted as he lifted his hips, thrusting up into her with urgency. She sighed with relief as he breathed in the spiced smoky perfume of her hair as her head settled onto his shoulder. He pulled the furs over her back, covering them both as she began to rock against him, grinding her hips against his, her clitoris mashed against his pubis while his unyielding shaft pushed her pussy lips rudely apart.

As she settled into a rhythm, he inhaled her, wrapping his arms around her feeling her nipples chafe against his chest, meditating on her and the exquisite pleasure she was giving him.

He did not understand why the others said it was bad luck to fuck Aga. It was even debated whether she would be allowed in the cave. That the oldest daughter of the Mother Goddess would be skinny, dark haired, and childless was a source of some embarrassment for the matriarch of the cave. She had always decreed that women should be round and bright like the life-giving sun goddess of the sky.

But as Tor felt Aga grunt and bite his shoulder as she hurtled towards orgasm, he could not understand why they said so. Since coming of age a winter ago, Tor had been asked to fuck many of the women in the cave, but Aga's grasping cunt was the greediest. 

Even half asleep as he was in the beginning, it was not often that he could last for more than five minutes before she charmed the man milk from him.

And as she suddenly arched her back, dragging her nails across his chest, her face clenched in what appeared to be agony he let himself go, grasped her ass cheeks hard pulling her down onto him as he fired his load as deep as he could into her.

Seconds later she collapsed onto him, panting as he felt their combined juices running over his balls and down the crack of his ass. He stayed inside her as aftershocks would wave over him, his cock throbbing a few remaining precious drops into her womb.

They would stay like this for a few hours yet, unmoving, drifting in between dreams and consciousness until she would crawl away just as dawn's like peeked in. Not a word would pass between them.

In the peace of the early morning's bliss, Tor's thoughts drifted back to Aga's mother, the Mother Goddess Herself, trying to reconcile how such opposites could be related. She ruled over all the people in the cave, delegating tasks, settling disputes, healing, and seeing to it that all the proper rituals were adhered to. One of the most important was the milk rite of the new moon.

Mother Goddess taught that everyone made milk, and the production of milk was a sacred duty for everyone. Milk was not just food for children, it was ordinary for a man or woman to suckle from the teat of the women of the cave.

But in matters of milk, the sexes were not equal. Mother Goddess would sensibly explain to anyone who asked that since women make babies and could easily make more milk than a man could, women were superior and should be obeyed. 

Men made milk, too, but it came from their penises, and since it came in very small quantities and at great effort, it was considered inefficient to eat it with your mouth. Instead, Mother Goddess taught that man milk was intended to nourish the hunger of the mouth between the legs of a woman, her pussy. "Why else would it be so pleasurable for the penis to spray milk inside a woman?" she would ask those who doubted.

But Mother Goddess blamed the physical weakness and smallness of women on the poverty of milk the men could make. To compensate for this scarcity, she insisted that women get as much of it poured into their wombs as they could. 

It was a great crime for man milk to be released anywhere but into a woman, so the men were taught never to touch themselves. She also gave special status to any man who could produce great quantities and who could recover quickly to feed another hungry pussy.

Similarly, women were instructed to take a man any time they felt the urge to make sure that man milk was in constant supply. Men were expected to obey, and there was a seldom a moment in the life of the cave where at least one or more couples were not having sex.

To reinforce this message, the Mother Goddess would conduct a ritual every time the moon disappeared to bring back the light. When those nights came, the whole clan of 44 people would gather in the inner throne chamber where the carver had made a special seat between two great grey stone pillars. 

The men would make a fire in the middle of the chamber and The Mother Goddess would remove her skins, revealing her round body to all while the whole clan did likewise. 

Every portion of her body was spherical, like the sun or moon. Unlike the other women, her breasts were great orbs mounted on the greater orb of her torso, and as she walked, her buttocks would rise and fall like the sun in the sky. On nights like this, her eyes would twinkle in the flame and her golden curled hair would twinkle like starlight as she leaned back into her throne, placing her feet into specially carved foot steps that allowed her to rest her legs while exposing her sex to all onlookers.

It was a sight to behold, the mother goddess suspended as if in mid air with her slick pussy glistening in the firelight, eyes beckoning to all as she led us through a hymn of renewal. 

At the climax of the ritual, she would call upon to the greatest man in the group to kneel before her. The one chosen invariably would be the one who performed the greatest deed since the last moon darkening, killing the largest animal, defending the cave against a rival clan, making a new tool, retrieving a rare delicacy such as honey, or aiding the Mother Goddess in healing. 

The man would come forward, and bow his head, kneeling on the broad flat step before her. She would typically gather his hair in her round fingers and press his face into her golden mound, gasping and grunting as he drank her sacred nectar. Once she had a shuddering release, her face would flush and she'd release the hunter's head and beckon him to his feet.

Once standing, the warrior would plunge his rampant cock into her simmering pussy and pump himself into her, raising his arms to the sky while chanting sacred words of renewal, building slowly in tempo and volume. 

"Mother Goddess, gives us milk and brings the light! I give my milk! I give my life!"

Over and over, we'd chant this phrase, punctuating each verse with an audible slapping sound as his hips would collide with hers. She'd keep her eyes intensely locked with her supplicant until the tempo grew fast and lust and passion would overcome them both and the pair would bellow and scream with all their might as he'd heave himself inside her, spewing his essence into her grasping hole.

Afterwards, the Mother Goddess would typically give dispensation for all those assembled to pair off and engage in coitus around the fire as she would look on and instruct. That is unless it was a special occasion like it was for him a winter ago.

During the first part of the ritual, it was expected that the tribe would become aroused while watching the Mother Goddess and her chosen mate perform the milk rite. Men would grow erect and women would get wet, and each would touch the one next to them, stroking a shaft or caressing a clit. But when a younger man like him got his first erection during the ritual, something special would happen.

He recalled myself stiffening when the Mother Goddess dropped her skins, grasped her left breast and squirted a tiny thread of milk into the air with a flourish, and by the time she had orgasmed, his penis was raging and purple, sporting a tiny bead of clear liquid at the tip as he imagined himself insider her. As he knew from past experience, his dream was soon to be fulfilled.

As the Goddess caught her breath and her lover collapsed to his knees before her, she surveyed her subjects with a thin grin of satisfaction until her eyes settled on him. Or more specifically, his attentive organ which twitched at her with appreciation.

She then launched into a special song of invocation, one where only she sang and summoned him forward with a curling finger. He knelt before her, smelling her gaping sex, studying the torrent of sticky cum flowing down her ass and onto the stone seat before she told him to rise. She leaned forward, grasped his hips and pulled him into her, his hips slapping wetly against her pelvis, announcing to all that he was now a man.

He swooned as pleasure shot from his loins to every extremity of his body. He was so caught up in the ecstasy that he nearly closed his eyes, but the all-seeing gaze of the Mother Goddess would never allow it. In a trance the words came to him.

"Mother Goddess, gives us milk and brings the light! I give my milk, I give my life!" he shouted for the first time as he raised his arms above his head and surrendered himself to her will. 

His hips were guided forward by need as the combined wetness of dozens of lovers glazed his loins, leaking over his balls and down the inside of his thighs.

The room spun as the vortex of her sex consumed all of his senses. Her wild commanding eyes, the spiced musk that filled the air, and her relentlessly willful, tight grasping cunt worked him into a frenzy. 

It could've been seconds or hours, he would never know, but the next thing he recalled was that he felt his balls churn and he screamed, his fists clenched as his body lurched, wracked with the greatest joy he would ever know. 

He stared into her eyes as he ground his hips against hers, his throbbing member firing burst after burst of desire into her.

Her golden laughter rained over him as he collapsed to his knees, before her. She sang a recessional incantation to close the ceremony. Then she spoke to him in front of everyone, smiling warmly.

"Tor, I felt a deep heat to your passion when you were inside me just now," she explained. "This is why I order you for this season to be the keeper of the flame in the great hall. So let it be done."

"I am honored to have the love and respect of the Mother Goddess," he replied bowing, still trying to catch his breath. 

Apparently she wasn't the only one who appreciated him. That night beside the fire, Aga visited him for the first time to claim his man milk with her hungry pussy, and it has been this way ever since.