 What was it like when humans lived in caves, before anyone knew there was any connection between sex and fertility? Read on...

*****

"You want to be the guardian? Of course you do. All you young men want to be the guardian. You all want to spend the day looking at the women out in the forest and the meadows," warned Old Mac. 

All I had told him was that tomorrow I was to accompany the next gathering expedition. He was our weapon maker, so I went to him not just for arms but also for advice since I had heard he had been a guardian in his youth.

"You don't know how dangerous it can be out there on your own with them. The way is rough and people get injured. Beasts will hunt you. Men from other tribes will try to kill you and take the women. Worst of all the women will distract you from all these dangers and you won't see them until it's too late."

"I know it's dangerous. I know there's no mating, I know. I just want to be useful." Old Mac didn't seem to be listening as he rummaged around in his pile of tools and materials before emerging with a small object wrapped in hide.

"Oh, and take this. You might need it." He pressed a long dagger into my hand wrapped in a leather sheath. I withdrew it, scanning the black, glossy blade of pure obsidian. It's edge was nearly perfectly straight with hundreds of tiny chips removed making the sharper and harder than the tooth or claw of any bird or beast. 

"Wow, this is the nicest one I've ever seen. Thank you!"

"Yeah, it's the best," he grunted, not from pride, but in recognition of the effort that clearly went into making it. "Gam said you know what to do with it. and since you have the hardest job of all, it should go to you." 

"Oh, and pray for rain!" he added as I waved goodbye, to go have my evening meal.

A day later his words came back to me as I caught my breath at the top of the ridge line. The sun was setting and there was the blood curdling howl of wolves or maybe coyotes in the air as I scanned the horizon for three missing women. We were a half a day's walk from the cave. It was hard to imagine how rain would make the situation better.

The day had started so well. We had walked for half the day to reach a mountain forest meadow where Nala said the best berries were sure to be at the height of their season. 

But it was hot. And it was mostly uphill from the cave of the Mother Goddess, a home shared by 44 of us who were her children. 

The strain was lessened by looking at the twelve women ahead of me. In the daylight, I could see the sheen of their hair, the curve of their hips and breasts filling their deer-skin dresses.

These were the women gatherers, the dozen of them who were neither too young, too old, too sick, or those who nursed the very young children. Mother Goddess assigned people to the group and me to guard them. Sometimes she would lead the party, but this time she chose Nala, the tallest woman in our group. She was fiercely independent with a reputation for toughness.

Periodically the group would stop to pick a bush or dig for some roots and I'd have the pleasure of studying their behinds as they bent over of the ground. I just love how at that angle the small tuft of a dark pussy could be seen where their thighs and ass met. In a few, I could see their tiny slits beckoning to me. 

In particular, I enjoyed a pair of young red-haired twins, Cana and Belan, giggled as they flashed their their fire-colored loins at me with every chance they got. 

They were short, but nevertheless slender with long hair and large green eyes, but their asses and apple-sized supple breasts strained against their animal-hide dresses in the most alluring way. They were beautiful and young, having only just come of age, they were more boisterous and social than the rest of the group. 

It was but a half moon since the Mother Goddess ordered the great hunters Gam and Helam to deflower them during the ritual of the moon darkening. The moon came back brighter than ever as the opened their loins to receive their first man milk. To be chosen by these girls to mate would not just be pleasurable, it would be a sign of great fortune.

But as attractive as they were, my thoughts were consumed mostly by the woman at the front of the line, Nala the huntress. The title is a bit redundant since everyone knows she's the only woman the Mother Goddess has allowed to travel with the men in hunting parties. 

Yes, I was the guardian, but it was me who was under her protection. She knew more about tracking, fighting, herbs, and the stars than anyone except the Mother Goddess Herself and everyone knew it. I had hoped that I might learn from her all I could during the expedition, but with her at the front and me at the back, there was no opportunity to talk with her. The twins were irresistible, but they knew nothing that I did not.

Perhaps because they kept me perpetually aroused, my thoughts drifted to Nala's peculiarities. She never smiled. Ever. She preferring to sleep alone, the only woman in the cave who did so on a regular basis. 

Her real interest was nature, the woods, plants, and the stars. With the blessing of the Mother Goddess, she would often wander alone for weeks at a time and come back with new wisdom about the uses of herbs or a prophecy.

Nala's most unique habit was her mating ritual. The Mother Goddess decreed that women must mate whenever they felt the urge and that they were free to choose whomever they wanted to fuck them. She taught that man milk to nourished the pussy in the same way breast milk nourished children. 

Since men made less milk, this explained why women were generally smaller and weaker than men. And since men could not bear children, it meant that the needs of women came first, and their word was law.

Sex was most common at night, but it was not unusual to see people fucking at any hour of the day. Men were instructed to wait until called upon since they had so little to offer. She taught that abundant milk and people emerge from the bodies of women, but only small amounts of milk from men. This meant that our milk was precious and should be spared for moments of need.

As a practical matter, most women would rotate between three or four favorite men, but not Nala. She would go for months without taking a man, but when she did, she made it an event.

There was a large, flat stone about waist high at the entrance of the cave. Often we would share meals or converse around it. We called it the table. After a long journey, Nala would suddenly return at dawn, lean over it and yowl with her eyes closed and repeatedly growling, "fuck me!" at the top of her lungs. 

The men knew what to do, they would gather around her each plowing into her from behind until they erupted, being quickly replaced by the next one in line. This would go on all morning or until she ran out of men, at which point she'd open her eyes again and return to being her normal, aloof self as if nothing had ever happened. 

I was not of age the last time she went into heat, a fact I lamented as I watched her walk. Her firm, attentive gaze, matched her sure-footed muscular frame. Unlike most of the other women and most of the men, she kept her dark hair cut short, too, presumably so she could see and hear better.

I would have thought more about, but the twins made sure I did not. The Mother Goddess had said that the one exception to the rule granting women the right to fuck whoever they wanted was the guardian of the gathering party. Cana took great joy reminding me of this every chance she got.

"Why can't you fuck me now?" she would pout, kneeling, lowering her head to the ground exposing her needy sex, swaying her ass from side to side. 

"I bet you want nothing better than to bury your fleshy arrow in my little hole, isn't that right Tor?" I tried to look away but couldn't, holding my bow in front of me to conceal my stiffness.

Belan, her twin sister giggled hysterically, and joined in, kneeling before me. "Stop taunting the poor boy. See how stiff he is?" she said gently tracing her finger over my tented loins. "It's not fair to take him away from his work."

But my rising loins distracted me just as Old Mac told me, and there was a distant howl that reminded me of my purpose. I grasped my spear and scanned the surroundings, but saw nothing but women rising to their knees, their eyes darting nervously between Nala and me. 

Nala instantly recognized my erection and saw that Cana and Belan were the cause of it. She stared daggers into all three of us and we all withered under the weight of her censuring gaze. She didn't have to say anything. Her expression said enough

The moment passed quickly and we turned our attention to the threat at hand. Like the others, I looked to Nala, deferring to her expertise. 

"One coyote wouldn't be a problem," she whispered loudly enough for the group to hear, "but just the same we should quicken our pace to reach the meadow by the high sun. We don't want to get stuck out here tonight in case they catch our scent. Tor, join me at the front"

I hurried up to join her as we departed, but before I could apologize she spoke. "It was wrong of my cousins to distract you so, I am sorry for that. It is natural that you would be aroused by what they did, so I will punish them when we get back by having them sleep alone for a week."

"But it was I who should be punished," I replied. "I should have been more disciplined..."

"You will learn that in time. For now attend to all the clues around you. Do you see it?"

"See what?"

"There." She had stopped, looking at me straight in the eye while pointing to a pile of relatively fresh scat. "Too small for wolves, probably coyote." she explained. "They're too sloppy hide them. They're smaller and weaker than wolves, but they're more numerous and more likely to attack."

We resumed our climb and it went with incident for several more hours and we arrived at the great meadow. It was a flat plateau of sunny grass and berry brambles on a shelf on the side of the great mountain. To the north was a steep hundred food climb to a small stand of trees with a mighty spruce towering the middle and to south was the big open sky overlooking the valley we came from.

"The Mother Goddess says the place is sacred," Nala explained as we stood guard while the other women worked. 

"Oh," I replied, half listening. I was glad for the rest and everyone in the group was covered with a thin glaze of sweat. 

"The Great Tree is is the cock of the great mountain," she continued, "and its milk nourishes the meadow that give us these amazing berries," She grabbed a handful of luscious blackberries from the nearest bramble and offered me some.

They were sweeter than anything I'd ever tasted and my face showed it. I caught a small grin from her. "There are no others like them."

I laughed a bit and turned looking over the valley and suddenly frowned. "I've never been up so high over the valley before. What do you make of those dark black and green clouds? It looks like they're coming in this direction, but I can't say how long it will be."

Nala's eyes widened as she shielded her brow with her hand and studied the horizon carefully for the next several moments. 

"Not good. That will be here in maybe two or three hours. I will be a strong storm that will likely last well into the night."

"So do we head back now?"

"No, the rain will make the descent too dangerous, especially in the dark."

"So what do we do?"

"We will climb to the shelter of the Great Tree. No matter how much it rains, it will be dry underneath. There's enough space to safely build a fire. There we will wait until its safe. And with all they've collected, we surely won't go hungry."

"They could pick more on the way down, right?"

"Exactly. Still, I don't want to delay leaving for much longer. Though we can see the tree from here, the climb will take nearly two hours. 

"Should we call them all here?"

"No, any sound that loud might attract those coyotes. You go find the six who went east and bring them quickly and quietly to the cliff side. I'll get the others. Be fast and silent."

The meadow was vast, and many of the brambles were taller than me. Add to it the fact that the women had fanned out in many directions and you can see it was no simple task to assemble them. I quickly found four of them, but Cana and Belan were nowhere to be found. 

Their mother explained that they said they were going to walk to the edge of the forest to see if they could find mushrooms.

I decided to send the other women on their way towards the tree and then to find the two girls myself rather than tire them out with a long march wandering through the meadow. Within moments, I learned this was a wise decision since the danger was quickly bearing down on us.

I jogged toward the treeline and caught the glint of a red mane peeking over some tall grasses. Cana heard me coming, looked up and shouted to me, waving her hand. 

"Over here! Glad to see you can run with that thing!" making a crude joke about my persistent erection. 

My grimace of annoyance was instantly replaced with a look of terror when a piercing howl erupted right in front of us. I drew an arrow and notched it to my bow as I quickened to a sprint. 

A moment later, a grey blur burst from the trees and landed on Cana and she shrieked as she collapsed. I was still some distance away but in range, but I drew and fired aiming for the beast.

A horrific yelp echoed through the meadow as the arrow lodged into the animal's shoulder. It reared, and charged at me. 

I crouched and drew my precious obsidian dagger from the sheath on my hip just as the creature leaped, aiming it at its mouth as it landed on me. 

"When attacked by a creature that is stronger than you, fill its mouth with something that isn't you! Then put out its eyes and stab its neck until it dies.!" The words of the warrior Gam came to me in a flash and I heeded them as best I could.

Barely missing my fingers, the coyote's jaws snapped shut on the dagger, cleaving its teeth and gums apart. It squealed in pain as we simultaneously both fell to the ground. Clinging to the blade tight in my grip, I grasped the body of the creature, and jabbed the blade repeatedly at its eye.

Blinded by the blade and searing pain, it writhed and foamed at the mouth searching for me wildly as I scrambled just out of reach, looking for an opening. 

When it turned away from me, I leaped onto its back, locking my arm around its neck while slashing at its throat with the other hand, trying to be bitten or to stab myself.

Gam's words proved true as the blade found its mark. The animal bellowed and heaved for several moments before it succumbed to its injuries, stopped breathing and fell limp beneath me.

"Help, Tor! There are more of them!" I heard Belan shout. 

I flew to my feet, stowing my dagger before notching another arrow. I shot at the first target to come into focus. The sun was setting and I could see at least for sets of eyes, gleaming in the darkness, illuminated by light reflected off the mountain.

I heard another yelp as the arrow found a mark. I shot two others and the fourth animal disappeared before I could find it. The howling continued but it grew more steadily more distant, signaling they were in full retreat.

I caught my breath and assessed the situation. Though my hands and arms covered in blood, most of it wasn't mine. But for a few scratches, I was uninjured. Belan was fine, but Cana had been bitten on the leg and it was covered with blood. My anxiety lessened a bit when a quick examination revealed that the wound was not deep.

Belan and I found some healing leaves and tied a bandage to her. Cana was too hurt to walk, so I resolved to carry her. 

Belan for her part decided to carry the coyote corpse. "I will make it into a trophy fur for you," she explained as she hoisted the carcass onto her shoulders as we began the march across the meadow toward the Great Tree.

Weighed down as we were, it was slow going even across flat land. When we arrived at the cliff side, only Nala was there. She explained that she had sent the others up ahead to beat the weather. 

Nala helped me shoulder Cana as we began the climb. About halfway up, the sky around us turned green as the storm caught up with us. Lightning tore the sky apart as rain began to pour. The rocks grew slick and we had to catch each other to keep from falling.

As hard and as dangerous as it was to climb, I felt somehow invigorated. The cooling water washed away both the blood of battle the day's heat. The God of the Sky was purifying the land and us with it.

It was slow, careful work, but in under an hour I smelled a fire and we crested the cliff and followed the flicker of flame us a small path to the Great Tree just as darkness cloaked everything around us.

I was struck by how much the massive space under the Great Tree was like the cave of the Mother Goddess but for a few improvements. The faces of the women were lit orange by two small fires in two clearings. The floor was softer under foot than fresh grass with piles of needles. Looking up, there were massive branches spanning out in every direction, shading us at the height of many dozens of men. And every breath brought the rich, refreshing scent of the Great Tree, most unlike the funk of the cave.

We all gathered around one of the fires as Cana's mother tended to her wound and Belan related the tale of the attack to the others while skinning the hide of the coyote. "You should have seen how vicious this thing was, but no sooner had it come out of the forest and it had an arrow in its neck. Tor must have killed as quickly as you can draw one breath. And then he killed at least ten more before we left!"

"I hit maybe two or three of them, not ten," I added correcting her obvious embellishments. "They may have survived for all I know."

Cana's mother announced to us that the wound wasn't serious, and we celebrated for another hour or so before the wind picked up. The embrace of the Great Tree spared us from the worst, As the heat of our exertions wore off, there was no denying that it was getting cold quickly.

Not planning on staying out overnight, nobody brought extra furs, so Nala instructed the women to lie together in a line on their sides along the trunk. I left the fire to join Nala at the edge of the circle. 

"You did well. I remember the names of no fewer than seven men who faced lesser dangers and did not survive much less rescue anyone," Nala said to me as she peered over the dark valley.

"Don't believe even half of what Belan says. I am sure many there have done greater deeds or would have done better in my place."

"Still, Cana is very lucky. It was foolish of her to draw so much attention to herself."

After a moment of silence, my thoughts returned to our present challenges. "Do you think the coyotes will return tonight," I asked Nala.

"No, as long as the rain is this heavy, they will shelter in place. The sky tells me that there is much more to come so we are safe until morning at least."

"I will keep watch nevertheless," I responded. "I feel no sleep. You should rest for a while at least."

"No, it is you who should rest. We will need your strength in the morning should the pack return on our descent."

She glanced back at the group and then grinned slightly before turning back toward the valley. "If you feel no sleep, you should at least be warm. It looks like Cana has saved a spot for you. Go to her. I don't imagine she wants to sleep either."

Indeed there indeed was a small gap a neat line of women, some snoring while a few whispering. Drawing closer it was clear the space was between the twins. Their sparkling, leering eyes told me they were waiting for this moment. Belan was to the left and Cana to the right, her bandaged leg folded against her mother's
