 A/N: Thanks for the reviews and votes. I'm surprised how well received this fic is. Please, do keep them coming, they're a nice read.

To the anon who asked whether transitioning is worth it: sorry, haven't started my own, can't help you :<

______________________________

Last couple of weeks have been a blur. After I conceded my defeat, Alicia lost no time in making official announcements about it. Everyone got crazy, and there was a four day feast to celebrate the fact. A feast that had a lot of alcohol. So my memories on the feast are really hazy. There might've been an orgy. Or maybe I'm just imagining it.

The Queen's council also made an unanimous decision to make me the court sorceress of the Azaries. I decided to take this chance to catch up on my studies on the arcane, which I had to put on hold after I had to flee the Magus Academy a couple of years back. I spent days going through the wizards and mystics of the Azaries, trying to find some who would tutor me and setting up a schedule with them.

Then there was the matter of the Queen herself. Turns out, Alicia's insatiable when it comes to sex. Every day she comes up with one reason or another for her to "satisfy my addiction". It's not like I want to refuse her. Great gods, who would want to refuse such a goddess? But sometimes I wonder if it's really me talking, or if it's the addiction. I asked her about it, and her response neither answered my question nor repelled my doubts. 

"The addiction is now a part of you, so what you want is what the addiction wants."

There's so much that I don't understand about the addiction yet. For what I've been able to gather, part of the addiction makes the addict naturally subservient to the addictor, and makes the addictor feel dominant tendencies towards the addict. That's why when two Azaries who decide to become mates, they addict one another. Kinda natural way of keeping the partners equals. And it's another reason why it's forbidden to addict one who doesn't know how the hormone works, since this "equal need for each other" only works between Azarie partners.

Yet, how come I also have this need to dominate Alicia? Because that's how I would describe that first yielding to the need: I needed to make Alicia mine, and I needed her to understand that she's mine. It has also surprised Alicia that she has submissive tendencies towards me, which wouldn't be normal on usual Azarie-addicting-an-outsider cases. Not that she's complaining; hell's bells, she actually seems to be a rather eager pleaser every time I take control. Or at least it seems like that to me. It might be a normal occurrence in Azarie culture for the Queen to give her mate a blowjob in front of all her servants. I'm not that familiar with it. Yet.

But we keep playing this switcheroo on who's on top and who's the slut. Which tends to lead into situations like where I am now. As court sorceress, I am obligated to give the Queen's council advice in magical affairs. This means I have to attend the council meetings, and to either provide needed info or be the one to take the responsibility of researching it. And while I expected these to be slightly boring affairs at first, now I'm more or less used to finding myself bent at the waist and legs slightly spread, laying on the council table while the back of my dress is thrown aside, leaving my bare butt fully visible to the regent sitting behind me. Alicia also enjoys the fuck out of these situations.

As currently expressed by her hand that keeps running all over my crack. She stops for a second before pumping a couple of fingers inside me, while her thumb keeps teasing my head so much that my cock sprouts out of its hiding place. I bite my lip as I keep the moan in me.

"So you wouldn't consider it a danger, Miss Kyrie?" a voice suddenly asks. I give a jolt and try to focus on the topic at hand. Ah, right, the large storm that's has been ravaging the nearby coasts is now approaching the Isle. 

"Unf. I would say that it's not, Lady Skyla. This - ah - this Isle lays on the crossing of three ley - ngh - ley lines, which gives the island a rather perfect naaah... natural defense against storms. The vortex of mana conta - ah! - contained in that Node will calm down the storm considerably befoooooooore it reaches the settlements. I am rather surrrr- surprised that this isn't well known to your mystics, since that energy could be harnessed into more robust defenses."

Alicia scratches my inner walls and gives my dick an encouraging tug, and I don't need to turn around to know that she's smiling proudly. Lady Skyla gives a nod and an "I see" on my answer, her face slightly flushed. It doesn't take a genius to figure out why her lower arms are bobbing under the table, hell, why every council member's lower arms are jiggling out of sight. The schlicks and faps aren't very quiet. And seeing that a couple of council members have "mysteriously" disappeared, and about equal number of them are now half standing and swinging their pelvises slightly, some of them have decided that the show's too good to just masturbate to it. I can't help but grin devilishly at that, and I raise my head and prob my elbows so that my head's resting on my hands, giving them a good view on my cleavage. Was I really this exhibitionistic before the addiction? Not that I mind; I like this change in me.

"What type of defense do you have in mind, Miss Kyrie?" Skyla continues her questioning, while keeping a straight face. Or at least trying to. It's pretty clear she has less patience than Alicia in these manners. Another council member - Lady Elele, if I correctly remember her name - pipes in. 

"As the field marshal, I also would be interested in hearing about these defenses. Are you saying that these could strengthen our fortifications?"

"That is exactly what ah-I'm saying, Lady Elele. And if my calculations arrrrrre correct, it could also be used to cre-" I yelp loudly as Alicia sticks a wet finger into my bum without any warning. It takes me a minute to gather myself again - a minute that Alicia spends pumping her fingers into both of my holes - and I continue. "To create a near impenetrable shield in case of a siege against this Isle. Ung. I do have to do more ca-ah-calculations and test it out to say for sure."

"That is great to hear, Miss Kyrie!" Elele bellows out. I guess she orgasmed while saying that, which almost makes me giggle. I can feel Alicia standing up and moving next to me, another one of her hands joining its siblings on my buttocks, this one deciding to focus on my left cheek with soft taps. 

"Indeed this is good to hear. Now then, is there anything else left in the agenda?" Alicia says, giving a pointed look at Skyla, who's currently leaning on the table rather heavily, taking deep breaths. 

"Hm? Ah! No, Your Majesty, that was all for this meeting."

"Very well, meeting dismissed. Now if you would excuse us, I have some important advice to seek from our dear Lady Kyrie."

It takes a long, torturously pleasurable while for all the council members to file out of the room. Seems like all of them want to have last glances at our play. And boy does Alicia deliver as she starts grinding her crotch onto my right cheek. I let out an involuntary groan as I push myself shamelessly on her, grinning as I feel the two hardening poles on me. And as soon as the last council member leaves, I feel how the cloth separating the cocks and my ass is ripped off, the wet heads now freely poking me.

"You couldn't wait till after the meeting, my queen?"

"Oh, my love" Alicia purrs, leaning her chest on my back and whispering to my ear, "I should never have to wait for your sweet ass." She pushes one of her tips on my rosebud, the feelers trying to open it up. I moan, and make my tail wrap around her second cock, wetting my spade-like tip so that it can lap her knob like a tongue while the rest pump the shaft in a tailjob.

She starts pushing herself in, and we both groan loudly on the invasion. Gods and dragons, she still feels so big! No matter how many times she sticks those in me, neither of my holes loosen up. Which is good, since then we get to experience it every time.

"Oh Great Mother, Kyrie," Alicia says, and starts moving her cocks. Her tail first wraps around our legs, and then moves the tip next to my genitals. Then with long, slow strokes it starts to move the tuft of hair up and down, from the tip of my dick to the bit of skin between my pussy and asshole. I squirm under the ministrations, biting my lip to keep at least half of the moans in.

As the need to distract myself - to prolong the experience - arises, a thought returns to me. "My queen, I've been meaning to ask..." Alicia pauses for a second before continuing at a slower pace, "What is it, my love?" "I've wanted to know why you have your extra parts? Not that they are bad, just... Why're you unique?"

She stops. Completely. I give her a few moments, because she's probably just gathering her thoughts. But after what felt like an hour I get impatient, and take a peek over my shoulder. I see her looking at me, frowning. "Why do you wish to know that?"

I shrink a little at her tone, dropping my gaze. "I just... I've only seen a couple of other people here that have similar... mutations. And even then it's only one or the other. And then there are those like Lady Skyla that have an extra row of tits! And none of you are shunned! In fact, it seems that you're celebrated! I just..." I swallow back a sob, my hand reaching for the horn stubs on my head. I touch them softly before bringing my hand on the tattoo-like marking of a closed eye on my forehead. I've vowed to never open my third eye again, as opening it has brought me more trouble than gain. "I'm just not used to seeing difference that's thought as a good omen."

A silence falls between us, and each ticking second makes me more nervous, makes it harder to hold back the sobs. But before I burst out crying I feel a pair of arms circling me, pulling me to the warmth behind me. A third hand turns my head around while a fourth one lifts the veil from my mouth, which Alicia captures in a kiss. Not one of those hungry, lustful kisses I'm used to getting while we're fucking, but in a deep, sensual, loving kiss.

I barely register the last pair of hands snaking their way down my stomach, one grabbing my cock while the other plunges a couple of fingers into me. I moan into the kiss, and lift my arms in an attempt to hug her head. In return, she pulls me as close as physically possible, wrapping me fully into a feeling of warmth and safety. And acceptance.

And that finally breaks the dam, and I flood the room. My dick starts shooting out goblets of cum while a river flows out of my cunt. My butt and tail clench tightly around Alicia's schlongs, and I feel how a warm substance starts filling me, making me have another orgasm. The other pole shoots its seed between us, which starts to leak down my sides.

And tears of happiness flow freely out of me. Alicia seems to have an exceptional talent on turning me all mushy. It's moments like these that make me feel that I've made the right choice on becoming Alicia's mate. Moments like these, that make me feel like I'm actually falling in love with Alicia.

As I start twitching from the mini-orgasms that keep me over the edge, I feel how Alicia lifts me up and cradles me. She sits down on her bench, keeping me in her embrace as I slowly start to get back down. Her soft smiles, fluttery kisses, and quiet "it's okay"'s aren't exactly helping - quite the contrary, each one seems to give me another mini-orgasm - but after awhile I get to the state of afterglow, just enjoying the warmth of my mate as I snuggle deeper into her lap.

We sit in comfortable silence, basking in the afterglow. But after an unperceived length of time, Alicia breaks it with, "how much do you know about our belief in the Great Mother?"

I shake my head slowly, "not much."

Alicia takes a deep breath, and says "Our race was born by the grace of Viaestra, the Dragon Goddess of Life, our Great Mother, whose draconic aspect slumbers beneath our Isle. As you can imagine, that belief has shaped our culture with a heavy hand." 

"Like how open you people are about sex?" 

Alicia laughs. "Sex is a celebration of life! The mere act alone is a tribute to the Great Mother! Why wouldn't we exercise it freely?"

Her laughter dies down as she breaks eye contact, setting her gaze on the ceiling instead. Though I guess she isn't actually focused on anything. "It's our belief that these 'mutations' - as you called them - are actually blessings of the Great Mother. Those who have them are seen as Her favourites, and are thus revered. As for me... well, I'm pretty much the most blessed of the Azaries."

"Is that why you're the queen?"

A chuckle. "No. The queen is chosen by Hadramiel, the daughter and dragonic aspect of Viaestra. She decides who is worthy of making a pact with her, and whoever holds that pact is the queen until their passings."

"Passings? What do you mean?"

"That is the downside of making a pact with a dragon. When one of us dies, both of us die. Luckily Hadramiel is Viaestra's daughter, and bound to be reborn into this realm."

I let this sink in for a while. The conversation has taken a slightly morose turn, which I don't wish to continue. Instead, I change the subject. "Can you still be gifted by the Great Mother?"

Alicia smiles. "Yes, I could have all the gifts the Great Mother would give if I so wished." 

I ponder on this for a moment. "So you could also have an extra pair of boobs?"

Melodious laughter fills the room as Alicia unabashedly throws her head back. I give her a few minutes to collect herself, and once she does, her mirth still stubbornly stays on her features. "Were you to ask, my love, I would gladly grow two extra rows."

I snort. "Are you this much of a smooth talker to your other wives, too?"

The mirth disappears. "What do mean by 'other wives'?"

"Well, I wasn't the first you bedded, was I?" Alicia shakes her head. "So that obviously means that there are other people on this island that you've screwed, and therefore addicted to you. Your other 'mates', since that seems to be the term here."

I see understanding dawning on her, and she throws her head back in another full-hearted laughter. I let her gather herself again, and once she does, I quirk my eyebrow at her. "My silly one, there's no 'other wife', let alone several."

"What? But the hormone's in your sexual fluids. How could there not be another mate?"

"We can decide when our hormone is addictive and when it's not." Alicia cuddles me, rubbing our cheeks together. "I think it's more accurate to say that we can decide when our fluids contain our hormone and when it doesn't. It is rather useful, I might say, since we don't have to worry about accidentally addicting nor impregnating others."

"Wait, impregnating?" 

"Yes, another quirk of ours: we can only impregnate those that are addicted to us."

Okay, that's also good to know, but that isn't what caught my attention. During these weeks I've been here, I've completely forgotten that yes, people will get pregnant if they get filled with semen all month round. I drop my gaze on my stomach rub it with my hand.

"My love?"

I'm quiet for a minute. "I just... I'm not sure if I'm ready to be a mother. I've always been alone, so I have no idea how to interact with a child, let alone raise one. And while I've grown to like you in these past weeks, I'm not sure if I love you yet. And raising a child together without knowing that just seems... irresponsible of me."

"My sweet Kyrie, I have no idea what you're talking about."

I raise my gaze and look deep into her eyes. "I'm carrying your child, am I not?"

It takes a moment for my words to register, but when they do, Alicia's face slowly breaks into an expression of pure, unadulterated happiness and love. She circles all of her arms around me, squeezing me into a bone-breaking bear hug. She kisses the top of my head, and whispers to my ear, "I can hardly believe I ever got lucky enough to catch you."

"My queen, please! This is no simple matter! I mean what if I fail at this? What if the child grows to experience a life similar to mine? What if-"

"You're not pregnant, Kyrie."

...

"What?"

"Another - rather useful - gift that can be gained with only small amount of favour from Mother is the ability to decide when I'm actually fertile. I've kept myself infertile because I believe you should also have a say in the matter of bringing a new life in this world."

I let out a breath that I was apparently holding, relieved. And maybe a tad disappointed, though I squash that feeling before I start to ponder it further. Becoming responsible for another being isn't on top of my priorities at the moment.

Alicia breaks the hug, making eye contact with a somber face. "Since you were honest with me, I should do the same." I raise my eyebrow, and she looks away. "... I brought the fact that you had a misunderstanding about how our hormone works to the council's attention last week." 

I let out a frustrated groan. "I told you, my queen, there was no harm done! I was the one who made the mistake, not you. And I was expecting a lot worse than what I got! We could've just buried the whole thing and never worried about it."

Alicia looks back at me. "Even though I'm the queen, I'm not above our laws. I can't let things like that slide. I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I did."

I let out a deep sigh. While I understand her reasoning, I don't accept it. But what's done is done, so now we have to live with that. "So, what did the council decide?"

Silence. I look up, and see that Alicia's face is decorated with a huge, ear-to-ear, downright devilish grin. "They agree with you. There's no punishment."

My jaw slackens. "You... you... you big meanie! You had me completely worried!" And for the fourth time the room is filled with Alicia's laughter. I huff and look away. That was beyond mean; it was absolutely horrid! I don't get to sulk for long as Alicia envelops me, softly kissing my neck. "You just keep making me fall deeper in love with you, my love."

"Don't flatter me, my queen," I shoot back, my hand reaching my side. My fingers linger on there, covering a rather old but still painful scar. "I... I just don't like it when one would suffer because of another person's mistakes."

There's a knock on the door, which Alicia answers with an "Enter!" In slinks a young, modestly dressed woman. She seems to be about a head shorter than me, but a lot curvier - but not nearly as curvy as Alicia. Her short brown hair seemed to have been cut into a pixie once, but it's been let out to grow. She seems fidgety and keeps twitching her button nose, as if she's trying to detect a scent of danger. She stops at a couple of steps away from where we sit, and curtsies with a "Your Majesty. My lady."

"Ah, Rebecca. How good for you to join us. My love, this is Rebecca. She will be working for you as a personal assistant and head maid." I take a quick lookover. One pair of arms, one row of breasts, shorter than me, no seeming bulge on the crotch area. "You're a not an Azarie." "No, my lady. I'm a human."

Alicia snuggles closer, feeling me up. "Like you, Rebecca got stranded here some time ago. Once we made sure that she was neither a criminal nor a threat to us, we gave her the same options we give all others that come to our island uninvited: either stay as a second-class citizen, or accept the mating rite challenge of one of our citizen. Rebecca chose the former."

"Haa." I look at Rebecca. "Why?" She shrugs. "Just staying alive was enough, didn't want to tie myself to someone just so that I could have something I've never had."
