 Goblin's Note: This story is set in the distant past of the Cloistered Lands.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

"Help! Help, I'm stuck!"

Loralei paused by the doorway. "Hm? What's that, now?" She nudged the door—a woven mat of thick bark strips—open with her foot and peered in, brushing a stray strand of emerald hair from her eyes as she did so.

Within the Pitcher Chamber—a great, big hollowed-out tree in the middle of the glade, full of unusual hanging potted plants, sweetpeas that seeped pink fog, and caged briar roses that seemed to be moving—there stood a great mass of pink vines squirming around a gigantic red tulip-like flower growing straight up out of the ground. The vines came from both inside the flower and around it, and both vines and flower dripped with a glowing green slime, like sap.

The vines and flower were both thoroughly occupied with and by the form of a pleasingly plump young human lady with long, wavy red hair, large, jiggling breasts, and wide, gyrating hips. She was encased up to her neck in the flower, and her blue eyes were wide, her plump lips gasping, as she wriggled and writhed within the flower's embrace. The vines played all along her body, stroked along her lips, sand from the way she was bucking, there were most likely more making mischief inside the blossom.

Loralei, a tall, willowy nymph with hair the color of freshly-cut grass and eyes to match, dressed in only a very simple white toga, blinked slowly. "Oh! What seems to have happened here, Miss?"

"Th-The—" The human's eyes screwed shut as a shudder ran through her and she released a little squeak. "The demon! She... she tricked me!" Her pale cheeks were flushed a brilliant crimson as she gasped and moaned.

Loralei's lips curved upward in a sly smirk. "Well, that doesn't say very good things about you, does it?" she purred. "Surely you knew never to trust a demon."

"I—" The human was practically in tears. "She said she just wanted to play! Oh, g-gods—her eyes—she's still in the glade somewhere! You have to let me go!"

Loralei giggled. "Oh, really?" She turned and called out, "Oh, girls! Look what I found!"

The lovely redhead bit her lip, even as a little whine of longing dripped from her quivering, drooling lips.

"What have you found for us, Loralei?" hissed a voice in Loralei's ear. Another nymph, about her height but much more muscular, her breasts almost as big as the captive shortstack's, strolled into view. Her painted red lips curved upward in a sadistic smile as she saw the sight. "Oh, no..." She put a finger to her lips and tsked. "Whatever shall we do with this?"

"Please!" the redhead cried, thrashing as the vines slithered around her neck teasingly. "You have to believe me—she said you wouldn't—"

"Lips are for sucking," said the amazonian nymph simply.

The redhead had a chance to look horrified just before one of the vines slipped between her gasping lips. She gave a muffled scream... which seemed to lose its meaning halfway through. Then her eyelids started to droop, and it became a moan, and Loralei heard her beginning to lick with increasing eagerness.

"A bit harsh, Ruby," Loralei said, raising an emerald eyebrow as the captiveredhead sucked on the slippery vine currently fucking her mouth.

"She's just a little slut," Ruby hissed, giving the captive a sly smile. The captive stared back at her, awestruck. Ruby wore a short red skirt and a tightly laced corset that barely contained her pale breasts. Her green curls spilled over her shoulders like seafoam. "This is how she wants to be treated." She sauntered up, tickling under the captive's chin. The captive whined like a puppy, though it was clear she would rather be doing just about anything else. "Sluts like her need to be put in their place, don't they?"

The redhead was shaking her head frantically, but her hips were bucking even more wildly in response to Ruby's words. Loralei covered a giggle. Ruby laughed openly.

"What a poor little darling." Loralei and Ruby turned as Lapis entered the Pitcher Chamber. Unlike her sister, Ruby, this nymph wore a flowing blue-and-white nightgown. Her massive, pendulous breasts pushed the nightgown out, clearly an ill fit—Loralei could almost see her large, pert nipples through it. Lapis was also shorter, and plumper, closer to the captive's build than any of the other nymphs of the clearing. Her hair was done up in an elegant bouffant.

"Good morning, Lapis," Loralei said, clasping her hands behind her back with a bashful smile. Lapis smiled and patted her on the cheek, causing Loralei to blush a little. "This girl says that our pet demon tricked her into letting her free."

"Oh, how careless of her." Lapis giggled, looking on the redhead with clear pity. The captive gave a plaintive whine as Lapis advanced. Lapis stroked the redhead's cheek, cooing softly in her ear. "There's a good girl. Good little one. Aw... did a demon outsmart us? Poor thing."

Her tone was motherly, but there was a hint of mockery to it. The captive's eyelids were drooping shut as she gazed into Lapis's beautiful green eyes, but she seemed to notice that mockery, and her eyes widened again.

"Mmmmm!" she screamed.

Lapis giggled and patted her on the head. "Silly girl," she cooed, "Let us worry about the demon. You just be a good girl for Lapis and cum your happy little brains out."

The redhead started to squirm, her eyes widening as the vines seemed to speed up—as if recognizing Lapis's tone.

Well, of course they did, Loralei reflected. Lapis was the one who had bred this particular monstrosity. She liked to use it on the other nymphs when they were breaking the rules of the glade, being too disrespectful towards her... or just whenever she thought they were getting too clever, to dumb them down a little.

Speaking of which, where was Esca?

"Ooh, hang on, wait a second," burbled a voice as sweet as candy, and Esca—a slight, slender nymph with long, straight green hair currently tied into pigtails—came running in. She blinked thick lashes at the captive, cocking her head, then turned to Lapis. "Lapis, that's not the demon!"

"I know, dear," Lapis said, smirking. "But very clever of you for noticing!"

"She says the demon tricked her," Loralei said slyly. "That the demon wanted to play. Seems a bit reckless of her to accept, but hey, what do I know?"

Esca giggled, stooping to regard the squirming young human woman. "Ooh, you never play with demons!" she cooed, running a hand over a vine that was straying a little too close to the nymph's pussy. Or, judging by her treatment of it, not close enough. "Demons are super mean, y'know. Like Ruby, but worse!"

"Lips are for sucking," Ruby said cheerfully.

Eca blinked as the vine she was holding snaked up and popped between her parted lips. Her eyes were very surprised, but they drooped quickly into an expression of sleepy confusion.

"Really, Ruby?" Loralei rolled her eyes. "Shouldn't we wait until this is resolved?"

"Hm." Ruby put a finger to her lips, running her eyes over Esca as though examining a work of art. Esca was dressed in what were essentially lacy undergarments. The least powerful of the four nymphs of the glade was not known for subtly, but you didn't need to be, when you looked like that. "Very well. Let's resolve this. Then I say we play with this little slut until she forgets her own name again."

"Mm..." It was hard to tell, but Esca seemed excited about that plan. Then again, she might have just been excited about the taste of the bimblossom's nectar on her tongue.

"Oh, that sounds delightful," Lapis said happily. She pointed at the forgotten human captive, and the vine slid from her lips.

For a moment, all the captive could do was gasp and moan and babble, ad Loralei remembered—from personal experience—just how good the flower could make you feel, and how dumb you could get if speech was denied you.

"P-please..." she whimpered, "please, please, please..."

"Please what?" Ruby hissed, stroking one finger along the captive's cheek. She collected a bit of the nectar dripping down her face and slid her finger between the captive's lips with a grin. "Please use you like the little whore you know you are?"

"Mm..."

"Ruby, dear," Lapis said warningly.

Ruby sighed and removed her finger, even as the captive's eyes were starting to glaze again. She smiled mockingly down at the human. "Well, then?"

"I n-need..." The captive wriggled, whimpering. "Need to get out... she's here, she's loose!"

"Aw, are you afraid of a little demon?" Lapis said teasingly.

The redhead's eyes were wild. "She's... she's irresistible! The Horny War rages on outside this forest, and the s-succubi... the incubi... the imps, the sweet fiends, the pit fiends... oh, gods, it's so... if you knew... nnuh!"

"Can you not resist them?" Ruby whispered with a grin.

"No!" she cried. "N-No one can!"

The nymphs started to close in.

"You must be pretty weak-willed," Loralei remarked with a smirk, "if she took you so easily."

"Yes," the redhead whimpered, "I am, I am, she's s-so sexy..."

"So sexy," Lapis cooed soothingly, running her hands over the redhead's shoulders, massaging them through the supple petals of the bimblossom. "So easy to submit to her..."

"Yes..."

"Gosh," Esca bubbled, and Loralei glanced back to see her eagerly licking the vine as she held it in both hands before her, "you must be even hornier than I am right now!"

"Yes... so... horny..."

"That demon just drank all your will up, didn't she?" Ruby purred. "There's nothing left. Just a dumb, horny, submissive slut."

"Yes... I... she..." The redhead blinked blearily.

Her eyes widened. "Oh, fuck this!"

Her form shimmered and twisted, and a hollow ringing echoed throughout the Pitcher chamber as wings—captive within the bimblossom—sprouted form her back, enormous, black-feathered wings like those of a soaring eagle or vulture. Her hair turned jet-black, as did her unpainted lips. She grew slender, taller, and her eyes started to glow a pale light.

The succubus gave an angry, miserable hiss as the vines continued to fuck her.

"Aw, we almost had the little whore cumming to thoughts of herself." Ruby smirked, patting the succubus on the head—the succubus thrashed and tried to stab her hand with one of her sharp little pronghorns, but Ruby was far too nimble, and the succubus was far too exhausted. "Oh, well."

She turned and took Esca by the lip, gently leading the nervously giggling nymph out. Loralei and Lapis followed, giving knowing smirks.

"Wait!" The succubus wailed, trembling as the whole flower pulsated around her, as Loralei reached to close the door. "Y-You can't—we will make you rue this day—"

Loralei glanced back. Her eyes narrowed. Fun as this succubus was to torment, Loralei's stomach turned as she gazed upon... it.

These demons were invading the entire continent right now. Loralei took a very much perverse pleasure in making this one suffer—especially since she was, as a succubus of Lust, one of the most hateful varieties of all. To a fey, "lust" simply meant natural enjoyment of one of the most important pursuits in life. But to a demon, "lust" meant forbidden desires. Pleasure in the suffering of others. Pleasure in the suffering of innocents.

They had captured this particular fiend pursuing a father and his young son.

The fey had fluid definitions of 'innocence'. But they never, ever harmed children. Not even the Thriae, or the hags, would ever stoop to such lows.

Loralei would enjoy breaking Mendicuizl's brain in the years to follow.

"They'll come for you!" the succubus snarled, locking eyes with her. "My sisters will come for you!"

Loralei gave a cold smirk. "I'm sure they will," she said in poisonous sweetness. "But lips are for sucking, now."

And as the succubus started to moan, as the vines started to slide inside her mouth once more, Loralei closed the door.

~ ~ ~ ~

"Please!" Timen cried, as the slick, impossibly smooth, soft hand glided over his cock. "Oh, please, no!"

"You know you want it," hissed the succubus that was stroking him, a golden-haired beauty with great batlike wings and dangling lapis lazuli earrings. Those earrings jangled softly as she kept pumping him, edging him, holding him still with only her gleaming amber eyes. Those eyes made him feel so weak, so... slow. Like he was trapped in warm, sticky amber.

The succubi had come out of nowhere, trapping the two messengers against the cliff face. Molura had gotten off exactly one spell—a spell to hide the parcel from the demons' sight. It now rested at Timen's trembling feet as he lay against an old tree stump and gazed into Myna's beautiful honey eyes.

Across from him, held against the cliff face, was poor Molura. The dopterine's eyes were wide. Her mothlike antennae twitched and quivered as two succubi gently stroked them—a redhead they were calling 'Poppy' and a brunette who called herself 'Mistress Ella'.

They had introduced themselves, was the worst thing. When they had teleported around the pair, smiling as their lust auras took their toll, Myna had made sure to give introductions. They had been so, so confident their prey would never escape.

And they had been right.

More precum dribbled out of his cock, and he heard Molura whimpering, whining, but he could do nothing but stare up into Myna's beautiful eyes. "You deserve it," she cooed down at him, her voice as slippery as trickling oil. "Why shouldn't you? You've been a good man. You've served her ever-so-loyally. Your wife couldn't possibly mind."

"I..." He was panting. He knew he could resist—if only he could look away for a second, if only her hand would stop stroking. If only her thumb would stop playing along his glans. He could resist.

It was so easy to lie back and accept it. It seemed almost like too much to expect him to resist this much sweet. Pleasure. How could anyone resist four succubi so wonderfully enticing?

And Myna seemed to sense his imminent surrender, because she leaned in. "Yesss," she hissed, licking her lips. "I want you to give in for me, toy. Could you do that? For me?" Her voice was sweet and sibilant, and dangerously easy to agree with.

And behind her, as her smile widened, as he found his world bobbing and realized he was nodding along with her words, he saw the fourth succubus—a slight, perky succubus who called herself Yumi, with hot pink hair and very bright eyes—slowly stroking Molura's pussy as the mothgirl's wings fluttered helplessly, as her eyes began to fixate completely on his dribbling cock.

"Just a little suckle!" Yumi was cooing, giggling as her fingers circled Molura's clit. "Ooh, it'll feel so good... that's what you like, isn't it? Of course it is!"

To dopterines, the sexual fluids of humans were equivalent to the sweetest ecstasy. Too much could break their minds, drive them into a state of sexual oblivion. Molura normally satisfied herself with droplets, prepared in a bottle for safe consumption, like a human might drink a brandy from time to time.

But her eyes were shimmering with desire as she gazed at Timen's erect, waiting cock.

"Beg her," Myna cooed down to him.

"Beg him!" he heard Mistress Ella and Poppy cooing in Molura's ears.

Timen had to hold on. Had to resist. Had to ignore that look in Molura's beautiful gray eyes, had to ignore his throbbing erection as Myna slowly, mercilessly pumped it up and down, up and down...

Molura let out a high-pitched whine of pure need, and helplessly, his eyes flitted to hers—wide, beautiful, almost tearful with desire—then back to Myna's.

She was smiling in triumph. "Is there something you want, boy?" she hissed. Her finger traced around his glans. Down below, she tickled his balls with her free hand.

It was too much. Myna's eyes, Molura's moans, the hands...

"Please," he heard himself whimpering, in a haze of arousal, "Molura, please, I need you."

Molura stared at him in a mix of despair, betrayal, and ecstasy.

"You don't need her," Myna said, giggling. "You want her. You want to drug her into an addled little slut, because you deserve it." She leaned in close, practically baking him in her aura. "Isn't that right?"

He trembled. He nodded.

"Say it," she purred. "Tell her what she means to you."

Her voice melted his will into honey on her fingers.

"I want you, Molura," he whispered. "I... I want you... sucking on my cock... I need—I want to cum!"

Molura was panting, her tongue lolling up, eyes fixed on his member like they were magnetized.

"So selfish!" Myna exclaimed. "What do you think that will do to her?"

She released his cock, and suddenly, the edging pleasure stopped. He was sweating.

Oh, gods. He needed more. He wanted more. He stared up at Myna in horror, then, as her words echoed in his head, at Molura, shivering, desperately trying to resist.

"Make her a slut," he cried, melting into her luststruck eyes. "Oh, it's g-gonna... make you their slut, Molura! And I want it! Suck me!" He bucked his hips, whimpering. "Oh, please, suck my cock! Please-please-please give in to them! Oh, you'll f-feel so good... feels so, so good to suck, to submit, to—"

Molura let out a helpless cry and lunged for him. The succubi released her, and as she crawled up, she stared deep into his eyes, lowered down onto his cock, positively drooling...

And the dopterine gave him a lick.

Timen's eyes widened. He moaned as she licked again, her eyes sparkling with delight as the drug coursed through her. She licked her lips and licked him again.

"Whoops," Myna sang, stroking his hair. "I guess she wants to tease you a little, Timen. Isn't that sweet?"

"Gah!" Timen thrashed, but suddenly, all four succubi were around him, easily holding him down as they cooed down at him, admiring his helplessness. Molura gave him a tiny, kittenish lick, and he started to whimper. "Please, Molura," he said in a tiny voice, "please, oh, please, don't—nn!—oh, don't tease me, please..."

The succubi were giggling. He suddenly realized he now had all four focused on him. His heart started to pound.

"Well, then," the redheaded Poppy cooed, smirking, "looks like you've got some time to talk, now..."

"Aaah!"

"Who sent you, boy?" she asked.

He bit his lip. In spite of his lust, in spite of his humiliation, he couldn't—he could never betray—

Mistress Ella smiled down at him. She had great, majestic white feathered wings, like those of an swan, giving her an almost angelic appearance. Her hair was perfectly coiffed in long, flowing chestnut-red locks down to her shoulders. "It's okay if you can't remember. You're such a silly thing now." She leaned down and kissed him on the cheek.

Her kiss left a tingling sensation. Timen bit his lip. "Nn... no, I remember!" he said, feeling almost indignant.

"No, you don't," Mistress Ella said sweetly, kissing him on the neck, "and that's fine. This silly, silly boy is clearly too dumb and horny to remember it!" She gave a sad sigh. "We'll have to find another way."

Dumb. Horny. The words made his cock twitch between Molura's wickedly delicate tongue. But his cheeks burned. "I... I do remember! But I can't t-tell you!"

"Suuure." She planted a big, wet kiss on his chest. "Look at this silly bimbo, girls. Poor thing forgot where he's from!"

"Aww." The succubi were giggling at him, now. Mocking him. Mocking their dumb, horny little toy. The humiliation made his heart flutter with longing, but he fought it off with a groan. He couldn't let her degrade him like this!
