 Tesen felt quite blessed as he watched from his lounging chair his family playing in the pool while the sun shone high up and upon them. Michelle sunbathed next to him, her eyes closed beneath the big sunglasses she wore. Even her beau, the asir, was here having been invited by Tesen, and she was dipping her feet in the warm water while watching Tira and Sam fling Zach into the air to do a cannon ball.

It had been awkward at first, meeting Tira with Sam and Zach but Tesen had told her how it was and she happily took to the human and her half-sibling. It made Tesen’s heart skip a beat when he saw them play together and both of them having big grins on their faces. But that didn’t mean he’ll settle down, no matter how good it looked.

The asir was a bit different.

She didn’t want to come when Tesen invited her but Michelle managed to convince the former security officer to come and relax. Tesen didn’t mind her sticking to Michelle and also felt a bit safer that a strong asir herm was nearby to keep the peace. He had seen one of them in action before.

Now that he had a chance to observe them all, he realised he has surrounded himself with fine women. Sam, the gene-modded beauty dressed in a golden string bikini that attracted even the eyes of the asir with how little it left for the imagination; Tira, his daughter will always be beautiful no matter what and the pink bikini hugged her lissome and ripe body just right; Michelle, her maturity only adding to her wild appearance that she decided not to hide with a bikini rivaling Sam’s; and finally the asir, her one-piece hugging her impressive musculature while giving everyone a good look at the bulge between her legs.

He reached over to the small table to get his drink and sipped at the cold and sweet tea while Zach quickly swam over to his mother and half-sister to be tossed again. Michelle let out a pleased sigh, a smile curling on her full lips. The treatments Tesen was lavishing both her and Tira with were only enhancing their inherent beauty.

Tesen had expected far more resistance from her when he suggested to take also Zach and Sam with them. She said no at first but Tira kept pestering her how she wants to see her half-brother. It was a relief to realise that whatever jealousy she has for him having a child with another woman was not enough to deny her daughter this.

Sam and her even seemed to get along better than anticipated with Sam being the nicest. It was far better than Michelle starting a fight or something. Tesen understood the important humans put into monogamous relationships and was glad that view was slowly changing in Michelle with her asir lover helping along.

“Got any plans for the future?” He asked Michelle quietly while sipping his drink.

“Mmm…” She hummed. She had dozed off. “What?”

“Better put some sunscreen on you. Don’t want to be fried, do you?” Tesen set his drink aside and opened up the tube. Michelle relaxed, hissing when the cold cream was squeezed onto her belly, and he promptly got to rubbing it all over her. Despite her athletic build, her belly still retained some fat that jiggled as his hands passed over it. She hummed again.

“You really are blessed, you know,” She said quietly, looking at him through the sunglasses.

“Think so?” Now the sides.

“Mmmhmm. Two beautiful kids and a good-looking ‘wife’ to boot.” When she said ‘wife’ she had a strange inflection he hadn’t heard from her before. He raised a pale-white eyebrow and kneeled next to her to squeeze out more cold sunscreen onto her chest to which she gasped. “C-cold..!”

“You know I’d never get married. Too free spirited.” He said jokingly while enjoying her hissing as he spread the cream all over her chest. Even the uncovered parts of her breasts. “And besides, one of those kids is yours, remember?”

“Mmph, true, but she seems to like you a lot more than she does me since you got here.” Tesen could catch a hint of sadness in her voice and he wanted to kiss her right now and would’ve done so if he wasn’t already dangerously close in invoking the ire of her huge mate. Instead her gave her a reassuring squeeze on the shoulder.

“Michelle, you were there when I needed you most, and I failed that trust. It’s amazing you even let me talk to our daughter. I’ll be forever in your debt for raising her and you bet your sexy ass that I’ll be repaying it for as long as we live.” He said, staring right through those dark lenses and into her eyes.

Michelle still disapproved of his deeper love for their daughter but has gone from yelling at him to a hard no. It’s been a week since he’d made love to Tira for a second time and hasn’t visited her since. He was giving Tira a chance to turn her mother around and it seemed to be working but it was still far from her approving his right to his own daughter.

Michelle seemed at least somewhat relieved by his words and took his hand in hers while smiling softly. “You’re a bastard with a heart of gold, Tesen. You know that?”

Tesen grinned back at her. “You know it. Now roll over.”

Michelle undid her straps and let them fall to either side to give him full access to her toned back that was such a pleasure to rub all over. He teased her just under the waistband and her shaved armpits, making her giggle with his slick fingers. He then got to work on doing the backs of her legs, tickling her feet and making her laugh. “Stop it! Tesen!”

“Alright, alright, I’ll stop. You’re done. Get back to sunbathing.” He told her, getting a kiss in his direction before she relaxed.

He left her to continue sunbathing and decided to get out of his heat. His black skin was sizzling and he was starting to feel it. He looked to the asir, only her feet still in the water, and decided to find out. He padded over and sat next to her, letting out a hiss as his hot feet were dipped in the water.

“You brought us to a really beautiful place, Mr….Forgive me but Michelle didn’t tell me your surname…” She said bashfully and Tesen waved her off as his feet slowly got used to the cold. 

“Just call me Tesen. We’re all friends here. So, how are you liking it, Uzima?”

Uzima hesitated for a moment before responding. “To be honest? It’s just plain amazing. Seen these kinds of places on tv but never thought I’d be in any of those!” She said with a laugh.

Uzima’s face was on the wild side with visible fangs whenever she talked, the bony ridge that went from her hairline and into a strong and flat nose. Her ears always tilted themselves in the directions of the loudest noises and Tesen found her as beautiful most females. He wasn’t sure if it was because he was a luzarian or simply found most things beautiful in their own right. Fact was that ninety-nine percent of her kind sported harems of their own, after all.

“I can’t help but be jealous. It’s not everyday that one of your mates exes invites you to a luxurious pool party. Especially with their children.” She added quietly. Tesen liked that she didn’t beat around the bush.

“Michelle is a good friend and she raised our kid well, and whom she shares her bed is not a problem. I want her to be happy.” He said assuringly, also keeping it quiet as Zack started tickling Tira from behind while his mother attacked the front.

She smiled. “She told me you slept with her the day you arrived. When she told me, I thought you bred her before I had the chance to. I appreciate you using protection.”

“Hah, she insisted on it. She is older than you, isn’t she?”

Uzima nodded. “I prefer older females and thought she’d be prime. Albeit I heard humans have difficulty bearing children past fifty,” She then rubbed her neck. “I could never afford genemods or drugs for her to give me a healthy baby, though.”

An asir like Uzima was incredibly close to a male luzarian: breeding machines. It is hardwired into them and they couldn’t be happier when knowing their progeny is bountiful. Asir herms, when they could afford it, quickly dominate and breed many beings to have them in their harem. They established small tribes centered around the hermaphrodite. Luzarian males do so more out of convenience. It is easier to breed that way. But in the end healthy children is key.

Tesen understood her concerns and could very much empathize. And it also worked perfectly for him.

“How big is your harem?” 

It was a thing of pride for them and back in the Asir homeworld where the hermaphrodites ruled and the rest worked, having a large harem of mates and servants was a must. Uzima looked ashamed for a moment.

“Only three, counting Michelle. They refuse my seed until I can provide them with a good home. And they’re from the Wilds.”

“Not bad for how young you look. You trying to live in the corp sector?”

Uzima quickly opened up to him. Partly because of his skills but also because of their mutual understanding. Indeed, she lived at the edges of corp society, being a lowly security guard. No career woman would carry the children of a security guard no matter how healthy and good their offspring she might sire. It was genemods or bust in the corps.

She had more luck in the wilds. More prey but also more danger. But she was also huge when compared to humans, being almost seven feet tall and built to match that only becomes more dangerous with her security training.  He told her so and she turned thoughtful.

Zack’s and Michelle’s laughter drew Tesen’s attention away from the thinking herm to see Michelle drying and tickling Zack with Sam and Tira gone. His son had the right idea in sticking in the colder water and away from the heat until now and he followed his example by sliding in, sucking in breath from the cold, and immediately began to do laps.

Much to Michelle’s chagrin, Zack flew back into the pool just as soon she dried him and the boy nearly drowned Tesen when he assaulted his back. Even Uzima giggled at the display.

Unbeknownst to the four at the pool, Sam and Tira were having their own fun and getting to know each other better.

You first had to know a person, what makes them tick, before you could share your loved ones with them. Sam quickly realised that Tira needed not much convincing to be her father’s slut, having been told by Tesen that this was what she desired. It wasn’t a strict order but Tesen has given her permission to enjoy Tira and see where her talents lie.

It made Sam’s perverted heart flutter to answer Tira’s numerous questions about her father. The way she asked them, bated breath and the look in her eyes. Sam knew she looked upon him like a savior just like she did. And she couldn’t wait to start pleasing him together.

They started fairly innocuous at first as they went to the bathroom, an excuse Sam made, but quickly the young woman’s questions got more personal and something a daughter wouldn’t ask about her father. Tesen had told her to encourage Tira’s inner slut and so she gladly answered her questions without leaving it vague.

By the time they were at the bathroom, Tira was looking positively aroused, her tail vibrating, the wet spot on her dried bikini bottoms and the hungry look on her face. Sam bit her lip, her hand on the doorknob, as she thought about what she was about to do. She’d been with a few women before but it was mostly being eaten out by one while Tesen railed her from the back.

For their first time, Sam wanted to know how good Tira is and she couldn’t wait to feel that cute face of hers between her legs.

Slowly she reached down to undo one side of her string bikini and let it fall away to reveal her perfect mound and showed Tira how wet the front of the bottoms were before opening the door and stepping inside. Her top followed to release her tear-drop breasts and she was pleased to hear the door close with Tira following.

“Did dad tell you to do this?” Tira asked when Sam turned around with a coy smile on her lips. The innocence was so amusing to watch.

“He has given me permission.” She responded and sat on the edge of the luxurious bath to present herself better. She saw Tira hesitate but also that her tongue was trying to peek out. Luzarian females could taste the pheromones in the air with their tongue and Sam was positive that her wet pussy was sending plenty of them Tira’s way. Especially when she casually spread her legs to let the girl see how it has blossomed wide. Frequent training from Tesen and childbirth have left her welcoming to anyone.

“He told you about me,I hope?”

Tira gulped and nodded, her eyes locked to Sam’s crotch. “Good. we must get to know each other better to better serve our master.”

“Master? Ngh...I like the sound of that.” Tira said with hunger in her small voice. Sam was pleased to see that Tira was taking to this with open arms, her suspicions for the past month confirmed without a shadow of a doubt

“You want to prove yourself a good slave, don’t you, Tira?.” Sam asked, licking her lips while her eyes roamed over Tira’s young body.

“What...what do I have to do?” Tira finally asked after long moments and Sam hummed happily.

“Take your bikini off.” The older woman ordered, channeling Tesen, and restrained a giggle when Tira gasped softly. “Now.” She added when the girl fiddled with her bottoms. Her strict tone made the luzarian’s tail vibrate and she had an uncertain smile as she undid them.

Drenched, they fell to the floor and revealed her wild white bush and blossoming slit. But it was nowhere as open as Sam’s. If Luzarians could be seen blushing, she’d be beet red right now. She quickly went on to undo her top, letting that fall away as well and revealed her perky breasts.

Sam felt privileged to be the first to see how hard those nipples were, the aureolae a dark grey on supple black breasts. Tira had inherited the wide hips and small shoulders of her mother, that much was evident, and she is as loose as her, too. Tira was panting softly from arousal as the older woman inspected her hungrily.

“Good girl. I can see why he’s so mad about you,” Sam’s words elicited a hopeful expression from Tira and Sam hummed as her juices started to flow. This was turning her on far more than she expected. “Ever been with a woman before?”

Tira’s eyes followed Sam’s fingers as they gently circled around her rosy entrance, caressing her wet netherlips and clit, then shook her head.

“Don’t worry, your first time will be great. Tesen told me you were a prostitute, how many men have you pleased?”

The question caught the luzarian girl off guard and she blinked several times to wrench her eyes away from the pussy on display and look up at Sam with a weird expression. Sam thought it looked like a mix of shame but also pride.

“A-a few. One being dad. Mom stopped me when she figured out I was sucking men off for money…”

“Mmm, you most certainly pleased your father. But he knows you can do better.” The older woman purred, never stopping in pleasuring herself. At this point she was steadily dripping onto the floor between her feet.

“For this, all you have to do is please me. Shall we begin?” Sam stopped and settled her hand on the edge of the tub, waiting for Tira.

It didn’t take long for Tira to approach, her eyes once again locked to the succulent pussy on display, and slowly got down to her knees between Sam’s legs. She looked up at her face for one moment before getting closer and hesitating. Sam reached out to stroke her head and gently pulled her closer until she felt her hot breath caress her folds and finally those lips against them.

It was gentle and uncertain kisses at first but soon Tira got into the right state of mind and her tongue immediately went out to explore and find Sam’s spots. Sam gasped and held Tira’s head firmly with each explosion of pleasure and immediately knew that Tira needn’t any training of this kind. Ooooh, Tesen will have a ball…

Sam’s toes curled from the pleasure and she held back loud moans while the alien girl went to town on her motherly pussy. It took all of Sam’s restraint to not smoosh Tira’s face into her drenched cunt, especially when that tongue started to rapidly go in and out. Luzarian tongues were long and Tira’s reached deep into the slut’s fuckhole, tasting her innermost depths and humming with delight from the flavour of flesh and slight tang of sweetness.

“Ngh...like my pussy, slut? Like how perfect it is?” She asked and Tira’s nose rubbed her clit up and down as she nodded, sending more sparks up the whore’s back to slam into the back of her head. Tira could taste the intense heat of Sam’s hungry pussy, feeling it against her lips as those swollen lips were pulled apart by her ravenous tongue. A hand continued to rake its fingers through her short white hair, nails almost digging into her scalp from the pleasure.

The taste of the woman’s flesh wasn’t enough for Tira as her hand slipped down to her own aching folds to start rubbing, flicking and tweaking at a feverish pace. Orgasm for both women was slowly building up in their groins, bubbling with each lick, flick and suck. It grew so unbearable that Sam couldn’t have her legs spread anymore and squeezed Tira’s head from either side with her toned thighs and leaned forward.

This didn’t phase Tira at all and she continued her work with gusto while the woman above her writhed in pleasure. What did, though, was the amount of juices that suddenly flooded into her mouth. Borderline sweet and metallic and all of her taste buds were on fire from it as her mouth was quickly filled. Sam had let out a low cry and Tira was forced to gulp down the flow. All the men, daddy included, didn’t want her to spill a drop so she assumed Sam was the same.

It made her calm down when she nursed a cock, and now a pussy, and she wondered if it is a throwback to when she suckled on her mother’s milk as a baby but now perverted. Whatever it was, she liked it and the sensation of warm cum going down her throat and into her belly was second to none. It meant she did a good job.

Sam’s bountiful squirts quickly ebbed and left Tira’s mouth, chin and cheeks completely wet when she pulled her away.

“Nngh...you really know how to make a woman cum, sweetie.” She said with a lewd smile and looked down at the flushed and unsatisfied girl. Sam had a solution. “Any woman would be displeased to not have cum after making Tesen blow his load, but we’re not those women. We cum from a job well-done.”

Tira, panting, had a confused look on her face. How can she cum from that?

Sam reached over to the desk besides the bath where a small box lay and opened it up to reveal small pink tablets inside. “You will cum from these tablets only. No fingering, no stroking, just these.”

The girl frowned at this, obviously not expecting it. Sam went to explain. “Your daddy can fuck and impregnate any bitch he wants, sweetie. Are you one of those bitches?”

Tira shook her head but still frowning.

“Then prove it. Tesen’s become interested in you but do you think he’ll breed you when he has other of his children to pick from?” Sam continued, sounding a bit harsh but how jealousy instead of hate flashed across the girl’s face told her her words fell on fertile ground. “You’ll prove yourself to be more than a cheap pump-and-dump to Tesen by simply listening to me and taking this pill.”

She finished with an air of authority that was well-deserved. Tesen had trained her and told her why he kept her around until he finally loved her and their child. She worked hard and earned his favour, proved herself above the many women he bred without a second thought.

Tira teetered on the edge, Sam saw it clearly as she kept glancing at the pill, biting her lip and frowning. This was also a test of how strongly Tira loved her father and how far she’d go for him to love her back. It wasn’t an easy choice but Sam had no regrets whatsoever. Tesen was her master and her entire world and she hoped Tira will learn to feel the same.
