 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

It's been almost a week since the deal and still nothing...

Keeping himself chaste with Tira was taking a toll on the luzarian. Sleeping was a tough prospect so he spent most of his nights balls deep in someone or wandering the extensive garden that surrounded the starfish-shaped mansion. Right now he was doing both as he pounded a young gardener's ass and making him moan out loudly amongst the fragrant roses.

Tesen's arousal was so great that he had forgone clothes for the night and prowled the gardens for anyone he can dump his load in. This slave, barely eighteen with a mark of ownership on his back, was alone when Tesen found him and completely taken by surprise when the luzarian grabbed him..

His work clothes had been violently torn off of him and discarded just before he was roughly bent over and spitted on turgid cock. The alien was merciless while plowing his tight asshole, groaning when that untrained fuckhole squeezed and tried to push him out, but how hard and drooling the boy's cock was showed how good he was feeling.

The slaps of flesh against flesh, moans and groans were muffled by the well-maintained foliage but the lustful luzarian didn't care if they were heard or not. All he cared about was pounding this hole, feel his heavy balls churn with sperm as they slap the boy's smaller ones, and dumping his load inside him. His pace didn't ebb and both males had a sheen of sweat form on their skin from the hot intensity.

Tesen panted alongside his newest lover when he pulled him up to press his slim body to his own, well-toned one. One arm wrapped around his belly and the other across his chest, Tesen thrusted deep and hard into him, feeling his warm insides stretch and mold to him. The fact he might deposit eggs in this male were of no consequence to him as his pants grew faster and faster before finally his alien cock felt like it'd burst.

The young gardener must never have felt a cock enter and pound him so much and the sudden hot sensation of sperm flooding into his insides was an even stranger experience that set off his hard and confused cock firing a weak load onto the grass in front of him. Tesen drained his daily load, the pressure in his nuts abating with each pleasurable pulse while feeling it all pool around his tapered head as the boy's guts clung to his shaft like a glove.

With a grunt once his orgasm has ebbed to a pleasurable buzz, he dragged his cock out and let the boy's weak knees buckle under him. He watched him there on his knees, feeling somewhat satisfied, but his cock was still hard as the buzz quickly faded.

He needed more. A bottle of water and a cloth from the boy's bag were all he needed to prepare himself and the boy looked up from his position to see Tesen's pulsating and clean cock start drooling.

"You'll just hurt the boy, daddy." Tira's voice came from behind, prompting Tesen to turn around and see his dusky-skinned daughter step into view from behind a bush in all her nude glory. Her father's cock jumped as his eyes roamed over her perky breasts, slim body and wide hips. His eyes finally stopped at her crotch, her well-trimmed white bush and the downy black lips just under showing a sliver of pink between them.

"Tira..." Tesen breathed, stunned and feeling the fire of his lusts flare with his tail vibrating strongly. Tira took one step and then another, her movements fluid and sensual as her lust for her father guided them. Pale moonlight made her purple eyes flash for a moment when she stepped in it. "...what are you doing here?"

"I'm here to be a good daughter, daddy." She purred in response. The two completely forgot about the boy who slowly picked up his things and left with a slight waddle and thick sperm trickling down his leg. "Mommy told me to."

"Michelle told you? I don't understand." Tesen felt aroused confusion as Tira slowly approached him, watching her breath quicken as she inhaled his potent musk. To be fair, he has become rather isolated as he was uncertain how to deal with this. His reactions and feelings told him that Tira was the one and that only left him impatient and anxious, and always horny.

Tira smiled coyly. Even Sam left him in the dark and he resisted the flare of anger from spilling forth. "Poor daddy, we've all kept you in the dark, haven't we?"

Her slender arms wrapped around his neck when she reached him, placing a soft and ironically chaste kiss on his lips before continuing. "Your pick of Uzima to teach mommy was a great idea. Mommy tries to hide it but she's becoming a proper slut just like me and Sam."

Tira's words made Tesen's cock jump and settle against his daughter's flat belly, his lips opening as he started to quietly pant.

"You should've seen her face when Uzima made her watch as she pounded me in the ass with her massive cock," She said with perverted innocence as she reached down and began to stroke her daddy's cock. "But that was just the first step. Uzima kept fucking her holes three times a day, dominating her and making her love it. After every session I asked her if I could be your slut."

"Ngh...and?" Tesen asked even though he knew the answer now. Uzima had broken in Michelle. And to think the asir would go to such lengths and be so quiet about it. He underestimated her. One strong hand reached around to grab a handful of tight young ass and slipped a finger between her cheeks to feel up her puffy asshole that Uzima had fucked. Did he mind the Asir pounding Tira? Hardly. It was good training for her.

Tira cooed as her father groped her cheek and ran circles around her hole, pressing herself firmly against him and kissing his chiseled jawline. "Yesterday night she said yes. I would've gone right to you if you weren't gone of to somewhere. Luckily Uzima craved my ass again and we fucked like animals while mommy made out with me."

A low growl of arousal rumbled in Tesen's chest and his cock pulsed with a lance of precum shooting out to cling to the underside of Tira's beautiful breasts. Without a second thought or hesitation, Tesen dragged his cock down and slipped it between Tira's legs, letting her feel how hard and needy it is. Her folds were sopping wet and he saw her half-lidded eyes get cloudy with lust and musk-induced submissiveness.

It looked adorable and Tesen immediately claimed her plump lips with his own, his tongue surging out and into her mouth to issue into a long and heated kiss while he sawed his cock in and out between Tira's thighs. There was a slight tinge of regret that he will not be able to pump Tira full of pent-up sperm like he did the slave boy but he'll make up for it. Oh he most certainly will...

The decadent sight of father and daughter clinging to each other, naked and aroused, was a thing to behold, which gave Tesen's lustful mind a depraved idea. Gently he broke away from the kiss and called Uzima on his commlink.

"Bring Michelle to the garden."

++++++++++++++

The deal may have been fulfilled on her end, but Uzima couldn't stop herself from continuing to thrust into Michelle's bruised pussy, making it squelch and wring out every drop of her virile sperm her balls could muster. Every day of dumping one or two loads every session left her balls with a dull ache and yet she didn't stop. Michelle was almost limp in her hands, their third session of the day leaving her insensate when compared to her wild ferocity in the morning.

Uzima was more than pleased with Michelle's progress, the quickness with which she learned was testament to both her true nature and Uzima's capabilities of being a proper dominator. Michelle may be barely clinging to consciousness now, but Uzima knew she loved it anyways. Her slut's pussy was incredibly loose from consistent fucking, adapting to her mistress' mammoth cock. It made such a wonderful squelching noise that more than made up for her lack of tightness.

The tell-tale signs of an orgasm boiling up to the tip of her turgid cock were coming when the commlink on the nightstand chirped once, twice. She had a half-mind of not answering, wanting to enjoy her slut, when Tesen's voice came through for the voice mail.

"Bring Michelle to the garden." 

She slowed down, curious as to what Tesen has in mind, before issuing into a staccato of thrusts to get herself off. Michelle meanwhile was on her back and cried out as the sixth load was dumped into her ravaged pussy. Uzima winced a bit when a slight jolt of pain shot up from her balls, and groaned as she dragged her cock out.

Old and fresh asir cum coated it and the musk of it all joined the lingering scent of sex that permeates the room. Uzima breathed deeply of it, feeling content for a long moment before reaching into the nightstand to pull out a pick-me-up.

The sweet-tasting liquid was fed to Michelle and Uzima waited for it to take effect as she cleaned up and put on a loose pair of pants and cropped tank top. Slowly Michelle, with a groan, lifted herself up and off of the bed while sperm trickled out of her open cunt. "What's going on?"

Her alien lover turned around and helped her stand up on shaky legs. Seeing that she's going to be incapable of walking, Uzima slipped a strong arm under her legs and lifted her up with laughable ease. It was late at night and Zack was asleep. No danger of him seeing Michelle being carried naked through the house.

Michelle went to protest but Uzima silenced her with a firm word. Instead of pushing it, the woman lay there in her arms and stayed quiet while being carried down the stairs, across the house and into the gardens.

The soft buzz of nocturnal insects and gentle swaying of leaves formed a relaxing backdrop of noise but Uzima's moving ears easily caught the tell-tale sound of flesh clapping against flesh. She was uncertain why Tesen wanted her to bring Michelle but had her suspicions as she got closer to the noise.

Michelle frowned as the noise finally reached her own ears and gasped when she saw the cause of it.

Tira was on all fours in the grass with Tesen thrusting right behind her, a look of intense and pleasured focus on his handsome face while Tira's long tongue was spread out of her mouth, her eyes almost rolled up as her father finally fucked her needy pussy.

Tesen opened his eyes when he heard Michelle gasp, smiling at the naked mother of his child while Uzima began to grin. He didn't say anything as he continued to thrust into his daughter and Michelle remained silent, biting her lip. Uzima felt wetness spread out on her arm beneath Michelle's ass and kissed her on the head.

"Good girl." She said as her achy cock tented her loose pants.

Tesen beckoned them forward, Michelle gulped, and Uzima brought her over.

"Tira told me what you've been doing. I must thank you for taking care of both her and Michelle so lovingly." He purred, his thrusts never stopping or slowing down while focusing straight at Uzima. "Set her down, I can smell how dirty her pussy is from a mile away."

Uzima, still grinning, set Michelle down and spread her legs in front of Tira. There was some initial resistance from Michelle, trying to keep her legs closed, but her matted mons and creampied pussy were revealed to Tira who licked her lips hungrily.

"Clean your mother up, slut." Tesen ordered and his daughter eagerly complied, much to Michelle's weak and useless protests. Her face was immediately buried in her mother's drooling cunt and began to lap up and swallow the thick globs of stale and fresh asir sperm. 

Michelle began to squirm, half in pleasure and half in protest. She allowed Tira to be fucked by her father and loved to watch her be taken by others but to have her called slut and pleasured by her? The intense pleasure she was feeling from this decadent act was scaring the hell out of her but all she could do was crawl back and into Uzima's firm body, her powerful hands keeping her legs spread and giving her nowhere to go.

"Tira...ngh...stop. I'm your, a-ah...your mother..." She panted out amidst moans that were getting deeper and throatier each time. Tesen's strong thrusts pushed Tira's nose deeper into her sweaty mons and cried out when that long tongue surged inside her in search of more sperm to devour.

Tira didn't heed her protest, in fact, it spurred her on to dig deeper and poke everywhere inside her bruised and loose cunt, gulping down fresh sperm Uzima had dumped inside her just a few minutes prior. Tesen continued to thrust relaxedly into his daughter while watching Michelle's horrified face slowly melt away under the onslaught of her daughter's tongue.

He shared a knowing glance with the herm who looked flushed as well, her hand firmly holding Michelle's legs spread even though both aliens were sure she won't be closing them anymore. Michelle still had to be trained but the fundamentals are there.

Michelle cried out as her poor cunt was ravished by her daughter's tongue, juices flowing straight into her eager mouth. "How does your mother taste like, slut?" Tesen asked.

Tira licked her lips and cheeks for the sweat and juices still remaining before she responded, her half-lidded eyes locked with her mother's wide ones. "She tastes heavenly, master. And Uzima's cum makes it even better."

"Mmm, good girl." Tesen purred, sounding quite pleased while Michelle sat there, orgasm ebbing away. "Oh, and congratulations, you two. I'm so happy to hear you'll be having a baby!"

Michelle groaned, both from her oversensitive pussy pulsating in a well-fucked ache and because she realised Tesen was the grand mastermind in all of this. She watched Tesen victoriously thrust away at their daughter, a big and happy grin on his face, and then looked up to see Uzima's slanted and golden eyes looking down at her.

The alien had an expression of intense love borne of a breeder for his pregnant mate. She hadn't seen that in Tesen all that much, only with Tira and now Zach, and the same was unmistakable on the asir's wild face. Those strong hands stroked his inner thighs, now simply being there as Michelle relaxed with her legs wide open into the powerful body of her lover.

"Yeah. We're happy, too." She said a bit hoarsely before Uzima kissed her on the head with a bright smile of her own.

++++++++++++++

Michelle woke up incredibly sore between her legs just like every day since Uzima started 'training' her. She hissed slightly as the bruised flesh flared up in protest as she moved her legs and stretched.

"Ow..." She said quietly and her outstretched hand felt up the rough ridge of Uzima's forehead as the alien slept soundly beside her. Both were nude and covers left on the floor as the nights were incredibly warm. What happened last night felt fundamental, like everything shifted and a new path opened up with her taking the first step on it.

That feeling felt at odds as she woke up in bed with Uzima just like any other. 'Mundanity' seemed to settle back into place and didn't seem like any of the exciting romance novels she'd read. To hell with them! Who needed those when you could make your own?

She looked to the outstretched form of her lover, and father of their future child. Powerfully built in every aspect, a veritable titan and she could never keep her eyes away from the prodigious length of Uzima's member even while it was flaccid. How much her male organs dominated her front, Michelle regularly forgot that Uzima was in fact a hermaphrodite and thus had a functioning vagina as well.

She'd seen it a few times but the herm kept it mostly hidden, using only her cock. That made the human woman wonder and looked at her own crotch before dispelling the thought.

"That'd be just silly!" Michelle shook her head and slowly moved over to settle her head against the strong forehead and ran a hand down her lover's chiseled abdominals.

"Wake up, love." She whispered and got a strong exhale as a response. For a security guard, she had an issue with sleeping like a log. Not bothering, she slipped off the bed, walking bow-legged a bit and slipped into the en-suite shower.

The warm water and relaxing agents ready for use did wonders for her poor and abused pussy as both worked to at least reduce the bruised tightness. She then eyed, through the clear glass as water droplets went down, to the small box that awaited her on the countertop.

It was telling when Uzima pulled it out of her bag, saying 'just in case', but Michelle knew the alien hadn't exactly planned it. It was Tesen that plotted her impregnation and put the thought of 'training' her into the asir's head. Despite sounding bad, she just couldn't find it in her to resent him. The past few months have been more eye-opening than many years of her life as she watched her old friend from college become what he truly is.

She knew the stereotypes, Luzarians are reckless breeders, incestuous beasts. The list went on. But they are a lot different when your closest friend, a man you had a child with, lets you see the truth. Was Tesen reckless? Yes, he was. She experienced it on her own skin. But even then that is what they are and nothing can really change that.

The woman sighed but smiled softly, feeling silly and just a tad bigoted. He did what he thought was right, in his own luzarian way. And so did Uzima. To be honest, it felt great when Uzima got more dominant, show her stuff. Not to mention it got her adrenaline pumping!

Shivers went up her spine as she remembered fondly of the training sessions Uzima put her through. And Tira got to watch it all. Her beautiful daughter.

Her cheeks flushed and her sex began to throb with an uncomfortable ache, making her groan and think of other, less lewd things that didn't involve her watching Uzima rail her daughter relentlessly. Ironic, she was fine with Uzima, but not Tesen, her own father!

The shower hissed to a close as she tapped the button and pressed another to suddenly feel strong and hot air blast all over her, making her skin tighten up and dry her completely. She'd never tire of this luxurious life!

Now, onto business. She padded over to the countertop and stared at the box. It was a small plastic one with a transparent front where the stick rested. In small letters on the plastic it said 'vacuum sealed'. Pregnancy tests hadn't changed all that much since they appeared in pharmacies except for the fact they became more accurate and now come with multiple methods of checking inside of one kit.

It was just a formality. Michelle was certain she was with child as asir sperm was notorious for its virility, not to mention capacity. How regularly she pumped her womb full, there was little doubt to be had about this.

Even then, a ball formed in her throat as she sat on the toilet and let go. She shook it off and let it sit for a second or two as the chemicals reacted. One line. Negative. It's still too early to be in her pee.

Next it was the blood, taking the second stick and jabbed her thumb with it. Waited another couple of seconds and the ball in her throat dissolved when she saw it declare on the cheap digital screen 'POSITIVE'.

She wondered if the ball would've dissolved even if it said negative. It was curious that she was relieved to know she carried Uzima's child. Or maybe not, the more she thought about it. The tests were dumped into the trash and she sashayed out with a bit of a bounce in her step back into the bedroom where Uzima still slept, unaware of the confirmation of the good news.

The woman decided to keep it a secret, not wanting to wake her lover, and put on a tight pair of rough jeans and a tank-top, foregoing underwear for some reason. She looked out the window and saw the rest of the family was up and at the pool, it being a comfortable ten o'clock.

The clothes were immediately discarded and replaced by her exposed bikini as she went to sunbathe and play with her stepson.
