 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

Author's Note: This is the Epilogue of the 6 part Prey series. This is not the end for the gang, far from it. I hope you all enjoyed this as much as I did writing and I'll see you in the next series!

++++++++++++++

The family was calm for the last few days, sticking to their own rooms with Tesen sharing his bed with Tira and Sam. Tira mostly worshipped her father's cock as part of her on-going training with Sam using a strap-on to fuck the girl's asshole into shape with each of Tesen's stomach-filling orgasm being rewarded with a small and happy pill fed into Tira's pussy.

Uzima's lustiness knew no bounds after Michelle told her she was pregnant. Her aching pussy was spared with pleading but the asir made use of her mate's backdoor instead. The future mother leaked Asir cum nigh constantly as Uzima kept training her as well.

Michelle wouldn't admit it, but each session seemed to chip away at her old prudishness and encouraged this deep and primal craving that kept her looking at all of her family with newfound lust and love. The pussy pills the asir fed her were also helping along.

It was on the last day before leaving that. While Zach was soundly asleep, that the family gathered. A table was set in the garden with splendid wine to celebrate a new way of life but also new life.

The five gathered around, naked in all their glory, and raised their glasses.

"To Tesen and Tira!" Everyone said, even Michelle, and they raised their glasses. After downing one glass, Tesen pulled Tira close and the two issued into a passionate kiss.

"Would you let me mate with our kids?" Uzima asked quietly. Seems Tesen infected the asir, Michelle thought, but she couldn't say that the idea didn't make her get even more wet.

"As long as you use condoms." She responded and Sam giggled softly as she watched the forbidden couple while sipping her wine.

Slowly the father and daughter parted, breathless and enamored with each other. Sam broke the revelry.

"And to Michelle and Uzima, and their baby!" She yelled, joined by everyone else. Michelle finished her glass in three big gulps and found herself in the same situation as her daughter moments before as Uzima pulled her into a deep kiss.

"When will you put a baby in me, daddy?" Tira asked. Her father was the finest man she ever had the privilege of pleasuring. Sam was training her well and she couldn't wait for the long-lasting suppositories to start being used. The older slut always teased her with it by showing how her well-trained asshole ate it up and made her be in a constant state of low-orgasm.

"When you're ready. Don't worry, I'll fuck your asshole tonight." Tesen said lovingly. He wanted her well-trained like Sam before breeding her. Tira brightly smiled, albeit it wasn't like when he plowed her pussy. She was so mad when he pulled out and came all over her back.

"Wait, what about Sam?" The considerate girl asked. Sam smiled at the gesture and pulled out a whole packet of those suppositories and giggled.

"I'm sure I can find meat to satisfy me. You have master for tonight."

"Really? You sure?" Tira tried not to sound too hopeful. Sam nodded and took her commlink off of the table.

"Oh come now, Sam! Tesen and Uzi got plenty of cock to go around!" Michelle said a bit louder than intended and looked to Uzima. "Don't you want to pound that bitch?"

Uzima nodded eagerly.

Sam looked to her master who nodded. The beautiful human got up and shamelessly sashayed over to Uzima who was already fully hard with anticipation. The big blue cock pulsed eagerly and Sam's eyes latched onto the delicious piece of meat while thanking Michelle.

"She's a great ride." Michelle huskily whispered and watched as Sam went to straddle Uzima while her pussy drooled so much there was no need for lube. Without thinking, Uzima pulled her down, the head sliding in with ease and felt completely snug inside the woman's fuckhole.

Sam moaned as she sank deeper and deeper on the alien's breeding pole while Michelle went over to Tesen and Tira as her daughter clambered up and settled her loose hole against the tapered tip of her father's cock.

She was facing away from Tesen, her drooling and puffy sex exposed. Michelle moaned as she looked at it, it was perfect in every way! "Oh Tira! Your pussy is so beautiful!"

"Thank you, mommy." Tira said with pride and moaned happily as Tesen started to push his big cock into her backdoor. "Ngh...yes daddy!"

Michelle pounced into the den of musk and feminine fragrance that was the lower half. She didn't know where to start so instead homed in onto the strongest source of scent; Tesen's sack. The woman had forgotten how amazing it felt to lose oneself in the overpowering luzarian musk, and driven by lust and instinct Uzima had so lovingly fucked into her, began to nibble, lick and worship her lover's sack.

"Oh gosh! Mom, you raging slut!" Tira exclaimed before sinking down to the base of her father's cock. She couldn't be happier, though. Mommy and daddy were both here, having fun and making love just how they are supposed to.

Tesen grunted from the attack never expecting this from the fifty-year-old woman but he wasn't about to complain. He will have to thank Uzima for making Michelle into a debased slut later. Or now... He looked to see Sam took all of Uzima and both were enjoying the bliss.

"Uzima! Feel free to breed her!" He called out, making Uzima gasp in surprise while Sam only purred and rubbed her belly.

"You going to give me a big and strong baby, lover?" The woman purred, excited at the prospect of carrying an asir baby. She'll gladly do so if her master allows it, which he does. Uzima nodded and began to lift her lover up her cock with her fierce strength alone, making Sam moan languidly as she's emptied of cock.

At this point in time Michelle wasn't in a state of mind to protest, and even if she did, Uzima would train her some more. The woman hungrily sucked at Tesen's smooth sack, filling her mouth with the liquid taste of yet-unevaporated musk the alien secreted and produced loud and animalistic noises from deep within her throat.

Tesen slipped his hands under his daughter's thighs and lifted her up his cock before slowly lowering her down, gently fucking her in his lap. Tira gasped and cooed happily as he made use of her asshole, and the girl looked down at her mother who was on all fours as she was busy slurping up one of Tesen's nuts into her greedy maw.

"F-fuck...mommy is such a hungry bitch, daddy!" She cried as her young pussy drooled even more, the flow dribbling down her father's sack to give mommy a nice taste of her delicious juices. Tesen hummed and kissed the back of Tira's neck.

"Uzima's been training her well." He said with a hungry purr of his own when he lifted her up once again. His voice was a tad shaky as the woman he loved and had a child with did what he never thought she'd do; she lashed and kneaded his nut within her mouth while humming happily, making him gasp and grunt with arousal.

A wet nut slipped out of Michelle's mouth to join its sibling, the human woman licking the musky dew off of her lips, before tasting something else, much more fragrant. Her hazy eyes followed the wet trail up the low-hanging sack, glistening in the candle light, and watched the base of Tesen's cock throb while the rest slid in and out of their daughter's asshole.

On her way down, Tira's pussy came into view. The black lips were swollen, jutting out and looking as delicious as they were meaty. The plump outer labia hid the rosy velvet within as best it could but such was the arousal that her opening was wide and inviting for anyone.

The lusty mother didn't hesitate to go and plunder what was most certainly on offer. Tira cried out as her sensitive sex was assaulted by her mother's tongue, moaning afterwards as her parents work to make her feel good and happy. Her hand went down to run fingers through her mother's hair while another groped her small tits and tweak the nipples.

Michelle failed to realise the effects of the pills their lovers were feeding them. Having never gone down on her daughter before, she had no way of knowing that her baby was quite dry compared to others while now she was taking gulp after gulp of delicious fluids. Tira's pussy was like a waterhole for the woman, starved of the deepest, most depraved of pleasures and essences.

"Yes mommy! Eat my pussy!" Her daughter cried in encouragement which only spurred the woman beneath into further action. Next were the clit, the meaty tongue lashing it like a fast whip while two fingers were pushed deep within Tira's pussy. Michelle just growled loudly in her throat and gave the meaty clit a long and almost painful suck, making Tira squeal.

Thanks to the pill, Michelle's own pussy drooled, turning her inner thighs into a wet mess while she steadily dribbled into the grass below.

Her thoughts? There wasn't a coherent one at this point in time as her body was driven by lust and love alone. She thought in single words 'love', 'fuck', 'tasty' and 'happy'. Right now the woman gave herself up to the primal urges Uzima's training had helped come to fore, gave herself up to her inner and ever-hungry slut.

Tesen smiled at his two lovers, groaning as he came closer to cumming, but he wanted to first feel Michelle's mouth around his cock before giving their baby a loving creampie.

Michelle and Tira both let out dissatisfied groans for different reasons. Tira for feeling her daddy slip out of her and Michelle because that tasty pussy was out of reach now from her position on all fours. What the older woman didn't expect was the slick and fat cock that landed onto her face with a wet slap.

"Clean it, bitch." The luzarian ordered, and like the obedient bitch Michelle was, she pulled her head back and let the tapered tip land onto her waiting tongue. Tesen groaned as it slid on into her warm and slick mouth. Michelle got to work in giving her lover her own brand of polishing while Tira sat in her father's lap and watched her mother suck off a cock that was inside her just a moment ago.

"Ngh...you're so pervy, dad." That made her father chuckle and he wrapped his arms around her with one firm hand groping a breast. 

"She's being a good slave, isn't she? Why don't you give her pussy a reward?" Tesen purred as he deftly produced one of those heart-shaped pills Tira loved so much.

The girl looked at it hungrily but nodded. Tesen placed it on her sinuous tail which wrapped around it slightly before sliding downwards, caressing Michelle's face as she got to deepthroating Tesen in passing, and reached the furnace that was her mother's aroused pussy. Without mercy or teasing, the tail surged within and deposited the pill deep inside.

Immediately the chemicals began to fizzle and be absorbed into the lining and the expected convulsions of chemically-induced orgasm appeared, kneading Tira's tail like a cock and affirming the thought of how pleasurable it felt to clean a cock in Michelle's mind.

Tira giggled and sucked on the wet tip as her mother groaned with cock in her mouth, humming when she saw the orgasm didn't deter her mother from going all the way to her daddy's sheathe. Too bad she couldn't see how much mommy's throat bulged.

"She really is. I love her so much!" She said as her hands massaged Michelle's scalp while her daddy tweaked a nipple and promptly plunged two thick fingers into her pussy. "Ngh...dad! Stop teasing meee!"

Tira's whine was joined by the cries of the other couple, Sam's being a whorish one of pleasure while Uzima emitted a deep and guttural growl as the asir let loose straight into her slut's womb.

The alien would've been more surprised had she not sampled gene-modded pussy before Sam, but that didn't mean it wasn't heavenly! Sam came around her, those powerful vaginal muscles clenching and milking the hung herm of every drop of virile semen she had to offer. It was a silken vice made in heaven and Uzima's heart swelled with the thought of seeding a child inside such a beauty like Samantha.

Not to mention that the bitch opened right up and let her go inside her robust womb.

Tesen nearly came down Michelle's throat as he watched his wife and slave be bred by the powerful alien. Everybody won, he repaid Uzima for training the mother of his child so well, Sam finally had another baby in her always-fertile womb and the bond of family will be even stronger once the babies are born. The happy fact that Uzima will witness the births of two of her children in quick succession was not forgotten, either!

This wasn't the end to the breeding, however, as Uzima slammed their lips together and resumed thrusting once both orgasms faded into a pleasant buzz. One load wasn't enough, far from it!

Tesen's attention was drawn back to the gulping, slurping and gagging noises Michelle was producing around his cock as it throbbed and leaked.

"I hope she worships Uzi's cock as much as yours." Tira said, smiling down at her lustful mother who let out an annoyed growl when the source of delicious pre was taken away from her. With deft movements Tesen aimed and slid himself home once more in his daughter. He craved her young pussy as much as she craved to have him inside and breed her, but she wasn't ready just yet.

"Tesen...baby, give me your cock back!" Michelle cried out as drool went down the side of her mouth. Her clouded eyes were needy and Tira let out a sad coo while father lovingly thrusted into her.

"Come here, mommy. Eat your baby's cunt." The young alien said, wetly slapping her engorged sex. Michelle seemed determined to get Tesen's cock back so Tira pulled her head into her crotch. "I said come here, slut!"

The demanding voice made her mother cry out as she squirted into the grass in orgasm and buried her nose into her cunt.

Tesen liked what he saw and his balls churned with excitement, giving Tira a fierce kiss on the collarbone and picked up the pace.

"That's my daughter. She's your bitch, too."

Tira hummed happily from the praise. But her daddy cumming in her pussy would be even greater praise! Mommy on her pussy and daddy railing her asshole will have to do.

The girl realised that the pills and training have made her last a lot longer, always on the edge and experiencing intense pleasure. Daddy's hands touched her all over when he was busy stirring up her insides with his fat cock and the kisses he left on her smooth and young skin burned white-hot. Mommy's tongue was tireless and her clit must be twice its size from all the sucking it was exposed to. Her lower body was on fire and her toes clenched as she felt it go past the point of no return.

"Mommy! Daddy! I'm cumming!" She declared. Michelle groaned happily, knowing she'll get to gulp up all of the squirts of young juice, and Tesen sped up the pace in response. Tira bounced from the onslaught as her eyes rolled up and gushed straight into her mother's mouth, making her gulp and gulp hungrily. Her asshole squeezed daddy's cock tightly and delayed the deluge for only a few moments as backed-up cum bloated his already fat meat.

Warmth then spread within her with each glorious pulse of her daddy's cock adding more as it flowed freely inside her, only contained by the tight ring around the base while Tesen groaned.

"I love you both so much!" Tesen declared while draining his balls inside his lovely and slutty daughter. Tira and Michelle shared the sentiment in their own way.

Tira wasn't done with daddy, however, as she joined mommy between his legs and the two women jointly cleaned his cock of cum. Tesen didn't use any virility drugs and frequent orgasms left even his virile nuts low on sperm. However, for tonight, he'll make an exception and slapped a virility patch straight onto his sack, feeling his already-fat gonads swell mere minutes after.

His first enhanced load went into Tira's mouth, and the good daughter that she is, she shared the semen with her hungry mother He could sit still for only so long as they swapped his cum before he pushed Michelle to the ground and plunged his cock deep into her pussy, much to the jealous protests of Tira.

Luckily it didn't last long before Tira remembered her training and got to work in worshipping her father's sweaty asshole with her tongue while he pounded her mother.

Uzima came three times in total inside Sam, the human's pussy leaked with a lot of cum coating the herm's large ball sack. Unlike the other two girls, Sam had Uzi's cock all to herself to polish and clean, working her slutty magic to clean up the monolithic member. Even her smooth sack which had thick globs of sperm sticking around.

As a reward and to see how good Sam was at sucking cock, which she was, Uzima gave her a good old face fuck. The asir didn't expect how willing and eager Sam was to be used that way, and Uzima made a note of it to ask Tesen for tips anyways.

The night was long as the two breeders worked to please the three women with Tira being a big spectacle as Uzima returned inside the girl's slick asshole, finding it more spacious than last time, while Tesen plunged his cock down her gullet to complete the spitroast.

Everyone present was aware this will be a common occurrence, and nobody would in their right mind protest this. They were family, after all!

++++++++++++++

If Michelle, Tira and Uzima were asked, they would've stayed in that beautiful place forever but alas, it wasn't cheap and the month or so they spent there had cost a considerable chunk of money. Michelle tried to insist on paying at least a bit of the expenses but the luzarian would have none of it.

They said goodbye to the luxurious resort and piled into the two cars that awaited them with Tesen, Sam, and Zach in the first and Tira, Michelle and Uzima in the other. As the quiet cars rolled down a maintained road towards the private airstrip close by, Uzima had a conversation she hadn't expected.

Tira leaned against Michelle, a serene look on her face, while her mother gently stroked her belly.

"I get that you got other women, too?" She asked suddenly when they got on the topic of Asir and Uzima herself.

Despite all that happened in the resort, Uzima was still uncertain how Michelle would react to the knowledge that she has two more women in line and that she doesn't love her less because of it. But she couldn't lie.

"I-I do..." She said uncertainly, glancing out the window at the passing trees of the continental New York state.

"How many?" Michelle asked, her tone of voice calm.

"A-a couple."

"Uzima, look at me." The woman said and her hermaphrodite lover reluctantly faced her. What she saw was far from expected.

A look of love and softness, her eyes sultry and inviting. Her small hand slipped across Uzima's muscled thigh, the material of her pants quite thin. "I'm not mad."

"You're not?"

Michelle nodded and shifted a bit to face Uzima more. Uzima wore her regular t-shirt and slacks while the busty milf had decided to try out the loose dresses that hadn't seen use in ages, the soft beige fabric keeping her otherwise nude body hidden from view.

"I let you breed two women, fuck my daughter and fuck the wife of my daughter's father. You and Tesen showed me a better way to live." The older woman said with a soft voice and her manicured, smooth hand caressed her leg. "It was silly to be prudish, I was like a fossil in this day and age, haha."

"Told you this way is better, mom." Tira chirped in with a giggle of her own and unashamedly groped her mother's large breast. Michelle let out a soft groan.

"You're okay with all of this?"

Michelle nodded again, firmly and full of conviction. "You, Tira, Sam, Zach, Tesen, me, we're all a big family now. And family loves each other." 
