 The Hunted 

---- 

The streets of central Heurbon were booming that evening, the roads coming to life as many of the farmers returned to the city for the night. The city, as many in Santaria, was known for its many vintners that would be right in the middle of their annual harvest this time of year, much of the peasantry and even some of the nobility joining in on the age-long tradition of wine making. 

Aleron decided to go all-out tonight. He didn't have to, surely; a simple girl such as Natalie would likely be pleased that he merely took her out to a restaurant or winery. But the bounty hunter had decided that she deserved a nice night to remember, and it had been too long since he had been treated to one himself. 

Once he found a suitable inn to keep his horse and gear safe he perused the many tailors of the marketplace, looking for a suitable wardrobe for the night. He waded through the busy, winding streets of Heurbon until he came across one tunic in a window that looked particularly interesting; fancy, but not so fancy that he'd look like a noble. He entered the shop, was fitted, and the tunic was tailored within two hours. 

Aleron looked at himself in the mirror, hardly recognizing the man staring back at him. His hair had grown scraggly in the year since he'd trimmed it, but his body was still in proper form. He looked positively handsome, or so the female tailor had told him, in the blue-and-gold long-sleeved tunic and black pants he had purchased. He even got himself a new matching black-and-gold belt and black slippers to complete the ensemble. 

Satisfied with his new garb, he settled on a winery to test their merchandise before heading out to a barbershop to fix his hair. The barber expertly worked his hair and beard, trimming both to look just as many of the well-doers in the city wore theirs. His medium-length, brown hair was now parted to the side rather than down the middle, and his full beard had been trimmed into a neat goatee. He was absolutely amazed when he gazed into the mirror once the barber was finished, his green eyes shining back at him. 

Aleron realized that he still had it, and Natalie's sudden and complete acceptance to their date this night made all the more sense to him. 

Aleron retired to another winery with the task completed, sampling their wares as well for two hours before heading towards the gatehouse of the count's castle across the river. He had spent eight and a half gold Imperials already, but he had plenty more to spare. 

And so he waited on the bridge just before the gatehouse. He felt naked without his armor and steel on him, but the city seemed safe enough. He was staring off into the river below when he heard his name called out in a beautifully feminine voice behind him. 

"Aleron!" 

He turned, eyes fixed on a gorgeous version of the Natalie he'd spoken to earlier in the day. She too was wearing blue and gold; a long, silk dress that fell to the ground, a golden shawl, dark blue gloves, and her hair had been plaited into a thick crown around her head, with three additional plaits flowing down her back, blue and yellow flowers tied through each. 

"Natalie. You look absolutely stunning," Aleron admitted, bowing as he kissed her hand. 

"And you're very dashing yourself, sir," she beamed as she took her time returning her hand. 

He nodded. Aleron knew he was. But he was more impressed by her transformation; a peasant who could dress as a proper lady? 

Natalie giggled. "Wow. I can see it on your face. Yes, even us servants here have a nice dress or three for formal occasions. And my friends helped me with my hair when I told them what my plans were for the night. We're not barbarians, Aleron," she answered excitedly before he had asked. 

"And you somehow knew to match?" he questioned, still a bit puzzled. 

Natalie giggled and pointed upwards towards a blue-and-gold flag flapping in the breeze. The banner of the County of Heurbon. 

"Ah," Aleron vocalized, feeling a bit idiotic. She wrapped her arm in his as they slowly made their way towards the city center. 

-- 

The pair of well-dressed almost-strangers decided on Natalie's favorite vintner for their first stop. The tone of the city changed completely during the night; restaurants and wineries moved their shops outside under canopys of golden-colored linens and daisies, the paved streets lit by all manner of lamplight and fireplace. Cheerful instruments were played on every street of the central market, musicians happily sharing their art for all to enjoy. To Aleron, it seemed the entire populace was in the mood for festivity, and he asked his beautiful companion if tonight were a special night. Natalie giggled as she explained it was always like this in Heurbon, at least when the weather cooperated. Which it usually did in this part of the Empire. 

"But what you should really see is this city in a month for the harvest festival," Natalie explained to Aleron, "it's like everyone pitches in to brighten the very streets with joy. Flowers everywhere, wine pouring freely, the dancing..." Natalie started to rock in her seat with a smile, imitating a slow dance. 

"Sounds wonderful. I've been to many places in my years, but I always find myself pulled towards Santaria. It's unique culture is what has allowed it to be a seperate entity under Imperial rule for so long. No one wants it to change," he shrugged, sipping his wine as he finished. 

Natalie, too, sipped her wine, keeping eye contact but finding herself thoroughly uninterested in politics. She changed the subject. 

"And have you been to Imperia in your world adventures mister wanderer?" 

"A couple times," he answered truthfully, "but never on my own. I was with the Blood Moons, uh, a mercenary company, for a time. We would venture there to pick up contracts fairly often." 

The girl's eyes widened at the mention. "You served with Talos in the Blood Moons?" she asked in a reverent whisper. 

Aleron found her enthusiasm perplexing, or at the very least misplaced. 

"Yeah. Served under him, more like," he answered curtly, not especially appreciating the memories this particular topic reminded him of. "Wasn't all that before your time, Natalie?" 

"Oh hush Aleron, everyone has heard of the Blood Moons here. Talos is revered almost like a local god by many of us here, since he saved the slaves back in the revolt and all," she stated excitedly. 

Natalie always found the stories of Talos to be most intriguing, as did most of the commoners of Santaria. Talos had fallen off of the face of the world after the Revolt, yet hushed rumors were now being told of his reappearance in the far east. Natalie wondered what he was up to. 

Aleron nodded. "Yep. I was there for that," he lied, "I was one of his top lieutenants for that campaign." 

In reality, the bounty hunter had left the company a year before the slave revolts in Santaria. But he found this an interesting opportunity to pretend to be close to the man Natalie was so clearly fascinated by. Another point in his favor. 

"What was he like?" she asked with wide eyes, her wine laying untouched for now. Aleron took a large swig from his own glass to buy himself some time. 

"Well, Natalie, he was... uh, ambitious. He was the youngest man to ever form his own mercenary company in recent history, just barely having sixteen years of age when I joined," he lied again, "but he was also fair. He always shared in the glory with his compatriots, or at least tried to. And always shared the wealth." Aleron was practically choking on all the false information spewing from his mouth. 

"Wow! That's so cool that you actually knew him," she beamed, picking up her glass again. 

"Yeah... Say, are you hungry? I never had supper." 

"Starving! I was waiting for you, and you can't imagine how difficult that is when you work in a lord's kitchen," she smiled enthusiastically, immediately draining her wine glass afterwards. 

Aleron and Natalie decided on a nice restaurant just down the road, the girl saying it had the best food in town, but she could rarely go herself due to its extravagant prices. Aleron decided a chance with Natalie tonight was worth an extra gold coin. This restaurant was, too, situated outdoors on the busy road, and the pair soon made their way down the street arm-in-arm. 

-- 

Natalie brushed her arm against his as they made their day down the busy street towards the restaurant. She had been giving him all the right signals tonight; walking arm-in-arm, laughing at all of his jokes, giving eye contact while he spoke. She hoped that Aleron wasn't dim enough to overlook her hints. Natalie already had quite a bit of experience in the art of romance, especially for her age. The young of Santaria's peasantry began their quests of courtship much earlier than most; the romantic culture and copious wine of the region making the pursuits common, and even somewhat expected. 

She was thrilled with how well Aleron had presented himself this night. Natalie was originally intrigued by the man by his tough appearance; his armor appeared well-worn, his body hardened by years of hard travel, and an armory of frightening weaponry on his person that she was sure he could use. In her wildest dreams she would have never expected Aleron to turn into a gentleman tonight. And yet, he was. 

Natalie was just admiring the smells of freshly baked bread as she felt a tug on her arm. She glanced at her date, the man offering an open hand towards her with a musician playing behind him. 

"Care to join me for a dance?" he asked as he bowed, offering an open hand. 

"Of course, Aleron," she smiled, taking his hand in hers. The pair entwined their hands as they danced slowly in the middle of the street, caring not for the onlookers around them. They were soon joined by several other couples enjoying the night, Natalie making sure to give Aleron a sweet smile when he dipped her to the mellow notes of the lute. Aleron danced somewhat stiffly, she thought, but Natalie figured such was to be expected of a scruffy wanderer. 

With the song completed, the pair finally reached the restaurant Natalie was so looking forward to. She rarely got to treat herself to their exquisite food on her own silver, the cost well out of her meager salary as a servant of the castle. Typically, Natalie would require the coin of some proud young man to eat here. Or in tonight's case, an older man. 

She ordered the duck confit while Aleron ordered a steak. They both drank a local wine with their meals, an obvious pairing for the region. It was already nearing midnight in Heurbon, the streets of the central plaza still as lively as ever. 

"So how long do you plan on staying here in Heurbon?" Natalie asked between bites of her savory dish. Aleron glanced up, obviously enjoying his meal as well. He swallowed the food in his mouth before responding. 

"At least through the winter, I reckon. It's a nice place to spend the season. Afterwards, I'll venture out to find more work." 

"Work such as finding another missing countess?" Natalie giggled. Aleron playfully pointed his fork at her and smiled. 

"Now that one, that was a rare job even for me," he laughed, "but I'm a bounty hunter by trade. I travel to all the villages and cities of the land, scouring notice boards for the man with the largest price on his head. Then, I spend some time hunting the man down. Three or two weeks of work for a couple month's pay," Aleron justified as he took another bite of the meat on his plate. "Can't beat it," he added with some of the steak still in his mouth. 

Natalie's eyes opened wide. "That sounds scary, though. Those men are dangerous," she replied, feeding the man's ego. Aleron chuckled. 

"Haven't met someone who could defeat me quite yet, else I wouldn't be sitting here. It's a dangerous world Natalie. But experience builds skill, and I'm one of the best." 

But certainly not one of the humblest, Natalie thought. 

"Wow, my date certainly sounds strong," she giggled, the response having its intended effect as the man grinned. 

"You know I had to kill a dozen outlaws to get your beloved countess back? All on my own," Aleron bragged after taking a gulp of his wine. 

"That's amazing, Aleron," she smiled. "A true knight of the realm, just like the tales." 

"Except I'm no knight," he corrected. Natalie took a moment over wine to think of an appropriate response. 

"No, you're right. You're better. Our superiors do what they do to appear chivalrous, because some lord told them that's how you do it. You do an even more dangerous job for the mere thrill and adventure." She had picked up on Aleron's odd distaste for all things upper-class, and played on it by sarcastically emphasising the word 'superior'. Natalie noticed him smiling and nodding, confirming she was correct. She leaned in closer to sweeten the moment. 

"I've never been with a man so strong and handsome as you, Aleron," she whispered flatteringly, although certainly truthful. She noticed him blush, an impressive feat for Natalie considering how tanned Aleron was. He took another gulp of his wine, draining the glass. 

"And I've never been with a maiden as charming nor beautiful as you, Natalie," he replied. 

Natalie assumed the statement was likely a lie, but even so, she began to heat up all the same. She needed Aleron in her tonight. 

She leaned back, satisfied by the discussion and the delicious plate of duck. She decided to be a bit more obvious for Aleron to sate her growing thirst. 

"So where are you staying in town, love?" she asked sultrily, placing her napkin over her plate to signal her half-eaten meal's completion. Aleron looked over his shoulder, pointing towards a nearby building. Natalie knew of the inn, what with it being the most luxurious in all Heurbon. 

"The Grapevine? Did you expect some nightly activities after only our first date?" she giggled into her palm, acting innocently for him for just the moment. 

"Er-Well, no. Of course I would nev-" 

Natalie reached a hand over the table, grabbing Aleron's own mid-statement. 

"I'm kidding, Aleron," she interrupted through her giggle, "I want you to be show me how you'd treat the most beautiful girl you've ever met." 

-- 

Aleron immediately paid their tab, and the pair made their way towards the Grapevine down the street with smile and laughter, so very much feeling the wine they'd consumed that night. Aleron hadn't lied about the inn. He'd luckily already rented a room earlier in the day, and a top-floor suite at that. Such is life for a man with fifty-four golden Imperials. 

Natalie smiled as she ran into the room, hastily covering the windows of the room with their silk red blinds. The room smelled sweetly of roses, fresh flowers decorating every table of the suite. He had expected such an event, she knew. 

"Help me with my dress?" Natalie cooed over her shoulder. She dropped her shawl, then arched an arm over to point at the lacing at the back of her gown. She soon felt Aleron's strong hands deftly unlacing her, kissing the side of her neck as he worked his magic. Natalie sighed lustfully in response. 

Aleron soon pulled the dress down Natalie's body, the silk falling lightly to the carpeted floor. He worked on her corset next in the same manner, his kisses on her neck heating her further. She reached back to hold his head with a hand as he worked, moaning sultrily. She felt his rigid member pressing into the small of her back from under his pants and pushed her ass out to meet it. 

With her corset removed, her pert tits fell freely over her chest. Natalie was always pleased by how her breasts had developed, not large by any stretch of the imagination, but still a decent handful for her lovers. She turned around, only in her stockings, panties, and heels as she finally locked lips with Aleron deeply. Natalie un-did his belt and unlaced his pants as she squirmed against him, moaning into his mouth. 

With those unnecessary obstructions removed, she quickly placed a soft hand on his crotch over his underpants. 

She lifted her lips from his. "My gods, Aleron!" she exclaimed, completely disbelieving in the size of him. She stroked the growing beast under its cotton lair as Aleron slipped his fingers under her stockings, lowering them down her lithe thighs. 

Natalie pushed off of him with a smile, slipping her own fingers into her stockings to assist him in his endeavor. She pushed them off of her completely, then fell onto her knees and moved over to her throbbing new best friend. She pushed Aleron's underpants down and giggled when his cock flung up to smack her heavily on the cheek. 

"Ooh, so that's how you treat me!" she giggled with a blush, wrapping her fingers around the base of his shaft. Aleron's tool was seemingly twice the length and much thicker than any she'd ever seen in the past, and the sight made her loins wet with hot anticipation. She kissed the tip softly before she started to work it softly with one hand, spitting into her other hand and twisting her palm over the throbbing shaft for lubrication. She had to wrap both hands around Aleron's cock to envelop it fully, and stared into the man's eyes above as she stroked him, meeting the man's grin with her own. 

"You're positively monstrous," she cooed as she worked him, Aleron grinning as he needed no encouragement. He soon lifted her to her feet, kissing her as he guided her nearly-naked body to the bed. Natalie struggled to kick of her heels before he pushed her onto the bed playfully on her back, collpasing on top of her and kissing her neck. Natalie moaned, thrusting her panty-covered crotch into his cock. She needed him. Now. 

He seemingly understood the thought as he slipped his fingers into the waistline of her panties and pushed them hastily down her legs. Her legs spread on their own for his access and her hand led his cock to the entrance of her soppingly-wet cunt. She gazed at his face as she raised her arms to his neck, pulling Aleron into her. 

She moaned nearly in pain as the head punished her, her slit barely capable of stretching to accomodate it. 

"Go slow at first," she whispered into his eyes, Aleron nodding as he thrust into her carefully. She could feel every ridge, every pulsing vein of him as her pussy stretched to its limit for the invader. 

"Uhn! Absolute beast!" she cried as he continued to push into her. She looked down where their bodies were joined and realized he was only half-way into her. "Oh gods-" was all she could get out before he collapsed his mouth onto hers, opening her lips and pushing his tongue into her. 

Aleron continued to push for another good minute, bottoming out against her cervix with an inch to spare. His hands moved to her ass, lifting her up as he began to withdraw, his cock pushing against the top of her walls as he moved. Natalie was already writhing in pleasure, unable to control her body's movements any longer. 

"Oh gods..." she moaned as he began to fuck her sensually. He ensured he didn't move too quickly just yet, letting her pussy get used to him before punishing it appropriately. She squirmed as his cockhead hit a spot deep inside her she didn't know she had, Natalie crying out loudly enough that Aleron figured the entire inn could hear. It only took another moment or two before she convulsed, an orgasm washing over her. 

"Oh!" she exclaimed, panting for air as he began to thrust into her quicker. "Yes, yes! Gods, YES! Aleron, fuck me!" 

He grinned at her encouraging words, dropping her ass onto the bedsheets and grabbing her shoulders as he thrust into her earnestly. He admired the mess of a woman beneath him, squirming uncontrollably as he pounded her relentlessly for several minutes. 
