 This has been sitting on my shelf for a while. I usually want to have something written for the next chapter before publishing what I've written, just so that I don't feel like I'm shooting myself in the leg. For example, originally this chapter ended in a way that didn't really give me anything to write on. After I changed it to current ending, the next chapter just kept flowing out of me. So, here it is, chapter 4 of this little erotic epic :)

- Xia

*****

"Rebecca, the list?"

"On hand, my Lady."

"Good," I say, and start going through the ritual preparation process. Figuring out the perfect spell to use to create additional defenses for the island took a lot of time to research, but thankfully one was found from one of the spellbooks the Azaries had been able to acquire, making that step simpler.

Trying to tie the spell into the magical Node created by the crossing of the ley lines so that it would power a shield that would cover the whole Isle... Not so simple. The ritual I need to do was easy to figure out, but actually carrying it out is a day's ordeal. For twenty four hours straight I must gather mana, channel it into the Node, and control the Node's ever twisting energies so that I can cast The Perfect Shield around the island.

It's a process that takes a whole day to finish, so a lot of things need to be taken into account in order for the ritual to be a success. Thankfully, everything seems to be in order.

I turn to Rebecca, "and the pint?"

Rebecca's eyes shift to a close by desk, where a pint full of white, viscous fluid stands. "Present. My Lady, if I may ask, why do we need a pint full of Her Majesty's seed?"

"Just in case. There's a chance that the extended accumulation could strain my body, which in turn could make my addiction go haywire. Her Majesty told me that Azarie warriors have the habit of filling their personal waterskins with a mixture made out of their mate's sperm and vaginal fluids. This is supposed to squelch the thirst, keep the addiction at bay during the fighting and make the Azarie want to return to her mate more fiercely. I'm hoping that it also works here."

"What about food, my Lady?"

"I'm sorry?"

"I mean, you haven't prepared any food for yourself. I would think that using so much energy would starve you. Shall I fetch some food also?"

"No need, Rebecca. I've long since noticed that I don't need food in the same quantities as normal human does. That apple next to the pint should be enough for me to survive this day."

Rebecca seems hesitant for a moment. "My Lady, if it's not rude of me to ask, what race exactly are you?"

I turn my stare at her. "What does it matter?"

Rebecca takes a step back, dropping her gaze. "I meant no disrespect, my Lady. I was just curious. I'm sorry."

There's a moment of silence, which I break by exhaling rather loudly. "As far as I know, my father was one of the last Devas in Aether Isles. Or at least in the parts we can currently reach, there might be more land behind the Impenetrable Mist. It's from him that I've inherited my-" I swallow. I have no reason to tell her about my third eye. "My rather impressive mental abilities. Though from what I've understood, my physical frailty is also a trait passed from Devas."

"And your... other traits, my Lady?"

I feel the horn stubs on my forehead and take a look at the knee-length tail swishing behind me. "My guess is that I've gotten them from my mother. I'm not sure; I never knew her, nor did my father have time to talk about her."

"What happened to him?" Rebecca asks, but I close the conversation with a glare.

"Let's get this over with. Be ready with the pint and apple. The windows where those can be consumed are small, so you need to be quick."

And with that, I begin the ritual. The first few hours go flawlessly, Rebecca being able to feed the semen when needed.

Seven hours in, though, my concentration falters. I'm able to catch my blunder before the energies at work get out of control, but I find myself unable to continue. Hell's bells, what is going on? If I don't continue soon, the energies will at best fizzle out. At worst... I shudder at the thought; mana is wholly unpredictable when out of control.

I feel my staff pulse dangerously. The energy it's trying to direct into the Node tries to lash out again as my concentration wanders off again to... hunger? Am I feeling hungry? Holy night, I am! "Rebecca, quick, the apple!"

Within moments I feel the apple's skin on my lips, and I take a bite. And a second. And a third. I've forced most of the apple down my throat before I realize that it's not helping. Stars above, what's going on? Usually my hunger is sated in just a few bites. Maybe it's not the apple I'm craving. But what then? I've kept the addiction in check quite religiously, so that can't be-

I freeze as I feel another pulse from within the staff. If I had time, I would berate myself for this mistake. I completely lost concentration, and therefore control. As a last ditch effort to save Rebecca, I push her back and hug the staff, trying to contain the upcoming explosion. I feel the last pulse of energy as a bubble starts to form around me, ready to burst.

Except... it doesn't. Instead it implodes into me, destroying my staff in the process. The sudden spike of power makes me drop to my hands and knees, gasping for air. Oh sweet, delicious air! I'm able to take in a few lungfuls before I realize that the deliciousness isn't just a metaphor, but that there's a... delicious smell in the room. And moments after realizing this the hunger strikes again, demanding whatever is making that delicious scent.

Ah, that smell! It's like honey coated heaven!

Want.

I want it.

Need.

I NEED it! Where does it come from? Where?!

"My Lady?" Rebecca's quivering voice reaches my ears, and I turn to look at her. I see that she's a bit disheveled from the event, her face slightly flushed and she seems to be both concerned and... embarrassed? "My Lady, are you okay?"

I just look at her numbly, unable to gather my thoughts. She just looks so... delicious. I realize that the heavenly smell emanates from her, and she seems to be rubbing her thighs together, obviously bothered by something. It hits me like a lightning: she's aroused!

Arousal means food. Arousal means fucking, fucking means orgasm. Orgasm means food! Fuck her. Fuck her! FUCK HER!

I jump up and pounce on Rebecca. She hardly has time to react as I press my veil covered mouth on hers, shamelessly grabbing her butt. I feel her moan into the kiss, but more importantly, I can feel her pleasure pouring out of her, pleasure that I seem to naturally just suck in. And each time I suck more in me, the hunger lessens, but the craving for more increases.

To satisfy that, I unceremoniously shove my hand into Rebecca's panties, feeling up her lower mouth. She gasps at the new, sudden pleasure, and I take this chance to remove my veil and attack her neck with nips, bites and kisses. I happily keep drawing out more much needed desire, until I hear a whimper.

My eyes shoot open. What in name of the infinite abyss am I doing?! I'm friggin molesting Rebecca!

I teleport to the far side of the room, trying to gather enough willpower to not jump on Rebecca again. "My Lady?" I jerk my gaze at Rebecca, who seems to be confused, lustful and... hurt. "My Lady, what-"

"Rebecca, go get the Queen."

"My Lady-"

"NOW, REBECCA!"

She stumbles up and out of the room, and I fall to the floor. This was not the addiction whispering to me. This was something else, and I almost forced myself on Rebecca because of that. I still feel like I should run out of the door and just rape the first person who comes across me. I wince at that, and grab the closest bolted down object near me, wrapping myself around it. Alicia needs to hurry, she's the only one I can reliably have sex with in this situation.

I groan, the craving making me feel like my body's on fire. I dispel my clothes to lessen the burning, but it doesn't help. I scream in pain as I feel pumping on my canines, pumping that makes them grow and get filled with... something.

"My love?"

I open my eyes to see Alicia standing there, worried. How did she get here so fast? There's no way Rebecca could've gotten to her in this time. ...How long have I been writhing in pain?

Your bitch is here. Fuck your bitch. Feed on her. Fuck her. Fuck her!

I slowly get up and walk up to her, forcing every drop of sexiness I have into my gait. A sweet aroma hits my nose again, and I almost drop. If Rebecca's scent was heavenly, this is like paradise coated with honey, caramel and whipped cream. It doesn't take me long to realize that the aroma emanates from Alicia, a fact that makes my mouth twitch into a manic grin.

I stop next to her, wrapping my arms around her neck. "My queen, your mate needs you. She needs your fuckmeats. She needs them badly inside her. Won't you fill her need?" I emphasize my point by running my hand up her neck, gently scratching her jawline. It seems to drive the point in, at least if the increased amount of desire around us is any indication. Or the hardening poles poking my stomach, making me smirk.

Alicia swallows roughly, lust starting to cloud her worried expression. "My love, you're not acting like your normal self. Is everything alright?"

I answer by climbing up her, getting our heads on the same level before smashing our mouths together. I happily nip and bite her pouty lower lip while I sink my hands into her hair, softly grinding my core into her stomach. I feel how Alicia's arms snake around me, unsure whether to hold me or push me away. She seems to decide on holding me, which I reward by prodding my tongue at her teeth, making her open up so I get to slip it in. In response she moans, and makes her own tongue move inside my mouth, forcing it so deep that it almost feels like she's throat fucking me with that thing.

I feel how my pecker pushes its way out of me, poking Alicia's stomach. I grin inwardly as I stain her with my precum, and I wrap my legs around her to maximize the contact my genitals have on her stomach. This is one of those moments where I both curse and bless how Alicia's skin keeps itself naturally oiled and lubricated, as it makes the hip rolling easier - at least till I've completely wetted Alicia's tasty tummy with my juices - but trying to stay on becomes increasingly harder. Thankfully she seems to notice this, as her hands move to my ass, keeping me up while I grind.

We break the kiss and I move to nibble and lick her neck, making her moan. 

"My love, while I'm not opposed to your more... assertive self, Rebecca was very confused and upset. She was adamant that I come immediately, and that there's something wrong with you."

"Nothing's wrong with us, my queen. We're only... famished, and we believe that you're the only one whom we can trust to fully satiate our need. Now would you please stuff your poles into us?"

"My love, this isn't the time for that. I'll get the royal physician, we'll take a good look if-"

I tsk at that, and gather mana. "Well, if you're not going to give them to us..."

I summon my shadowy tendrils, binding Alicia's every arm and pulling her to the ground with a loud thud. She grunts at the sudden impact, and I bind her legs too before she can truly react.

"... Then we're just going to take them by force."

With that, I sink my canines into her neck. Alicia yelps at the sudden pain, but it doesn't last long as my teeth start pumping what is inside into her. At least I don't think the pain lasts long. I'm sure that I'm making her more aroused.

And it seems I'm right, considering the lust filled moans that Alicia lets out. And her pokers start to fill up with blood, turning them as hard as diamonds. I remove Alicia's loincloth, letting the monsters free to slap into my back. I push my hips to her cock's base, and feel how her tentacles start feeling me up, touching and licking every nook and cranny of my pleasure.

"My... my love, please. There's... something going on with you, you need... help," Alicia pants.

I turn to look at her, and two emotions fill me: irritation over how she still tries to deny me; and happiness over how she can still be in her senses and worry about me.

She is truly worthy of being our bitch.

"we need... you, my queen. And we're going to have you."

I start getting to my knees, letting her cock run between my bum all the way to the top. Her cock keeps twitching against me, and she moans from the movement. It takes a moment since I make it deliberately slow, but I reach her knobs, rubbing them up and down my crack. I moan appreciatively as her feelers poke into me as I line the heads up against my openings. I look down to look at Alicia, and without breaking eye contact, I slowly push her cocks in.

She moans and throws her head back, unable to hide her lust. It keeps oozing out of her, more than I can drain in. Which is good. I'm not sure why, but that is an excellent thing. I hilt her cocks, and then start to slowly move back up before dropping down again.

Each time our hips hit together, I feel... something happening in my body. Like something is changing. Each time it happens, it feels like I reach a mini orgasm, and craving more.

I pick up my pace and create a couple of thick, shadowy tentacles. Without much warning I thrust them inside Alicia; one in her ass, the other in her pussy. She groans loudly at the surprise invasion, but I gave her no reprieve. I made the tentacles pump in and out of her, in an alternating pace, all the while I keep riding her. My body keeps changing, but I'm too focused on my pleasure to really look at how it's changing.

I hear a quiet, higher moan than what I've used to hear from Alicia. It takes me a second to realize that it isn't Alicia, but rather Rebecca, who has slumped up to a corner of the room, masturbating furiously while watching our rodeo. I smirk at that, and put on a bigger show, grabbing my boobs and mauling them as I keep increasing my speed.

... Why do my breasts feel bigger than before? In fact, why does kneading them feel so good?! It has never before felt this good. I might get addicted to this.

"My love, I'm... at my limit."

I lean down whisper into her ear, "then come for us, my queen." I make the tentacles pump into her in unison, and jump a couple of times before I bury her poles into me completely.

This takes her over the edge, and I feel how she pumps her seed into me. The feeling of warm liquid brings me to full orgasm, making us both spasm as enough sperm to fill a small barrel pumps out of her. I can't hold it all inside me, so most of that drips out with my juices.

And I feel full. Oh, how I feel full. It feels like the desire I've been draining has invigorated me, as I feel more powerful than ever.

I gaze upon Alicia and notice that she seems to have fallen asleep. That's odd. Usually sex rejuvenates Alicia, and I don't think that this was that rough of an experience. I bend down to feel her breath on my face, and I let out a breath that I seemingly had been holding. I get really scared that I might've killed her.

I try to stand, but then I yelp in surprise as the spike protruding out of my heel hits the ground sooner than normal, making me fall backwards. I look down to see what's going on, and a scream makes its way out of me.

My legs have turned black! And so have my arms! What the hell?!

I take a couple of deep breaths. Okay, so it appears that my legs haven't turned fully black. There're silver, runic patterns here and there, and the feet have turned dark red. So has the spikes in my heels, which seem to have doubled in size. The black coloring fades away as it reaches my hip, circling both my butt and my pubic area. Those are still ashen, but the skin has taken a brighter, more silverish tone. Same on my arms. The black coloring runs from shoulder to wrist, with silver runic patterns. Hands have turned the same dark red as feet, and the coloring fades out as it moves from shoulder to the collar bone.

It seems that my breasts haven't grown in size, but they've turned... fuller. My areolas have turned black and nipples dark red, and if I weren't still shocked, I'd laugh at the theme. It feels like my butt has also become fuller, and wait? Wasn't my tail barely to my knee a moment ago? Now it's all the way to the tip of my heel spike, with the same black and red coloring. And is that my penis? It doesn't look like one anymore. It looks more like a... tongue.

I need a mirror.

Walking's a bit more of a stumble, but I get myself in front of one. The sight makes my jaw slacken. My third eye has opened at some point, and the stubs I had have turned into full grown horns. My hair has completely disappeared. The whites of my eyes have turned deep black, and my irises are now deep, dark rubies. My lips have turned black, and as I let my tongue fall out, a wet muscle that's little less than double the length of my foot slithers out.

I finally notice the black, wispy tentacles extending out of my shoulder blades. Six on each side, each double the length of my arm.

"My love?"

I turn to look at Alicia, who's gotten up to shaky legs. I try to hurry to her side, but my movements feel sluggish. It feels as if strength is draining from me.

No. 'From me' is the wrong way to put it. It's like it's draining from my limbs and gathering into my womb. And it feels like it's growing, enlarging my womb. Like something is forming inside it.

A sudden wave of pain hits me, making my stomach contract. Whatever that thing is, it's now wanting to get out of me. I fall on my knees as another wave hits me, then another, and I soon realize that the waves start when the thing's trying to wiggle itself to freedom. Fuck this. I want it out. Out! I try and find a muscle to push it with, and soon enough find a rhythm with the waves to get the thing moving. It hurts like hell, and makes me collapse completely on the ground.

I gather the last bits of my strength for a final push, and I finally feel the thing leaving me. Relief washes over me as my muscles slacken, and darkness claims my consciousness.