 Svenna groaned into the furs beneath her. Behind her, Toryg's hands kept a firm hold on her waist as he dragged her hips back, slamming his own forwards to meet them, forcing his thick cock deep into her, sending waves of pleasure throughout her body. Down on all fours, her ass high in the air as her lover roughly took her, the tribal warrior grit her teeth, squeezing her white knuckles tighter, gripping onto the blankets with all her strength as her body rocked back and forth with the force of their lovemaking.

Her hard nipples rubbed against the coarse fur, only heightening her arousal as the two fucked like wild animals in heat. From behind, she could hear Toryg's deep, guttural grunts as he pounded himself deeper into her, never slowing his pace as his fingers dug into her flesh. Svenna couldn't help but cry out, her voice ringing through the thin fabric walls of the tent and into the night sky beyond. She loved it when he took charge, throwing her down onto the sheets, and taking her however he wanted.

Suddenly, the warrior felt her head being yanked back, as Toryg reached forward and took hold of her hair, pulling back on her long braid. Without the furs to muffle her anymore, her moans were even louder, crying out in ecstasy with every thrust. Her body was on fire, her clit burning with arousal as her lover slammed his cock in and out of her. She knew it wouldn't be long before she came.

"Harder! Fuck me harder!" She yelled out between gasps, her eyes shut tight as she focussed on the intense pressure building inside her. "Oh gods I'm gonna cum!"

From behind, she heard Toryg's gruff voice reply "Me too, if you keep squeezing your pussy like that!"

Letting go of her hair, her head falling back forward, the barbarian redoubled his efforts, fucking Svenna even harder than before, doing his best to push her over the edge. Svenna could feel it coming, the growing pleasure igniting in her gut as she groaned and cried. "Yes! Yes, fucking take me you animal!"

Her breath getting ragged, Svenna was right on the edge, her legs starting to shake as she crested the wave of her arousal.

"Almost... There..!"

With a sudden cry, her words turned to a loud scream of ecstasy as she began to cum. She felt her mind going blank as her whole body filled with the blazing light of orgasm, her pussy quivering as her eyes rolled back. Behind her, Toryg groaned as her inner walls started to spasm, milking his cock as he fucked her through her climax. Soon it was too much for him as well, and with a roar of primal lust, he slammed his hips forward one last time, burying himself inside her to the hilt as his cock began to erupt.

Face down, buried in the sheets, Svenna could feel the warmth of his load spreading out throughout her abdomen, which only made her orgasm more intense. Letting out a long, low moan, she felt her body starting to relax, the tension in her limbs melting away as her toned muscles turned to jelly. Behind her, with his cock still buried inside and hands around her waist, Toryg fell forward on top of her. 

Looking over her shoulder through hazy eyes, she saw his red face, his thick beard tickling her shoulder as he caught his breath. Lying in silence aside from their panting, the two barbarians did their best to recover. Opening his eyes, Toryg gave her a smile, before planting a kiss on her shoulder. She hummed in contentment, and he kept going, circling her shoulder before moving on to her neck. Underneath them, she could feel his seed leaking out of her satisfied pussy, dampening the furs under her hips.  

Letting herself relax, she felt behind her until she found his thigh, stroking it affectionately as he kissed her. With a gasp, she felt his lips lock around her neck, biting and pulling gently as his softening cock twitched inside her. It wouldn't be the only love bite he'd given her this evening. 

Finally letting go, her man gave her one last kiss before whispering gruffly into her ear.

"I love you, Svenna. And I always will."

She smiled contentedly. "I love you too."

With that, the pair settled in, Toryg still lying on top of his woman, his arms around her, as the two drifted off to sleep. 

----------

The next day, Svenna awoke to the sound of the morning chorus. Opening her eyes, she rolled over and smiled to see Toryg still fast asleep. Gently, she rolled out from under his arm, sitting up and stretching. Climbing out from under the furs, she made her way to the entrance of the tent, stepping naked out into the morning light.

Standing in their small campsite, high on the edge of the hill, the barbarian stretched her arms up to the sky. Running her hands across them, she cracked her elbows, before reaching up to crack her neck and jaw as well. Gods she was stiff. Well, if that was the price she had to pay for such an incredible night, then so be it.

Yawning loudly, she made her way past the long-dead embers of the fire to the cliff's edge, bare feet padding softly across the grassy earth. Looking out over the wilderness beneath she could see halfway across the Hinterlands from here. Down below, she watched the tall pine copses blowing in the wind, as the Karnelv river wove between them, it's waters rushing rapidly towards the northern coast. Far off in the distance, she could even see the edge of the Fjorskag forest, the mighty expanse of trees that spanned almost a third of the region. 

She breathed a deep sigh of satisfaction. This was the life.

From behind her, she heard the sound of rustling cloth and turned to see her husband, groggily rubbing the sleep from his eyes, making his way out of the tent. When he saw her, he gave her a warm smile, which she returned. He followed her to the hillside, coming up behind her and wrapping his arms around her waist. Svenna smiled wider and reached up behind her to cup his face.

"Good morning my love."

In response, Toryg kissed her shoulder. "Good morning. Did you sleep well?"

"Like a babe." she replied, stroking his beard. 

He chuckled. "All tuckered out, were you?"

"Well, how could I not be, after everything you did?"

Toryg chuckled again. Svenna loved that sound. Deep and comforting. With an audible smile, he asked to no one in particular "It was good, wasn't it?"

Svenna shut her eyes, remembering the feeling of his cock inside her, his hands on her body, his lips on her neck. "Incredible. Perhaps we could even go again?"

To demonstrate, she pressed her hips back, grinding her buttocks against his morning wood. The burly warrior laughed, rubbing his hand across Svenna's waist in a sign of comfort. "You insatiable vixen." Leaning in, he kissed her again, before pulling away. "When we get to Skorlheim. We've got a long way to travel." 

Svenna sighed in mock disappointment. "I'll hold you to that." Toryg gave her a sly smile.

"I'd hope so. Come on, let's pack."

----------

It didn't take long for the pair to reach the nomadic settlement of Skorlheim. Arriving just after noon, Svenna and Toryg were met with a rousing cheer from their comrades. It'd been a few weeks since they were last home, and the warriors' friends were just as excited to see them as they were. Crossing past the main firepit, Svenna hugged everyone she came across, men and women, young and old, all happy to see her home. 

From across the campsite, a young woman with green warpaint on her cheeks saw the two arrive, and immediately sprinted towards Svenna. Wrapping her up in her arms, the barbarian's younger sister embraced her tight, laughing with glee as she nearly knocked Svenna off her feet. Chuckling, she hugged her back.

"Hello, Hroki. Did you miss me?"

Pulling away, the younger woman gave her a playful punch on the arm. "Where've you been? You said you'd be back yesterday!"

Still chuckling, Svenna sat down by the fire, motioning for Hroki to follow. "Sorry. The ogre we were hunting took longer to find than we thought."

"Did you get it?"

Svenna grinned. "Of course." 

Hroki chuckled. "Good. To tell the truth, I thought it might have eaten you." 

Now it was Svenna's turn to playfully punch the laughing Hroki. "Shut up. It'll take more than some ogre to kill me."

Hroki stepped back, still smiling. "I know." With a thud she sat down next to her sister, looking out over the camp at Toryg. "And I'm sure he helped a bit too."

Svenna smiled. Across the firepit she could saw her husband getting quickly mobbed by old friends as well, clapping him on the back and hugging him tightly. He roared with laughter along with them, his broad shoulders shaking as they welcomed him back. Hroki watched her sister's face for a while, smiling mischievously, before giving her a nudge. 

"Still love-sick I see."

"Shut up." Svenna gave her sister a gently shove, which only spurred her on.

"I mean, how long have you been married now, five years, and you're still giving him doe-eyes?"

Svenna turned away, her cheeks flushing. "You'll understand one day."

"Oh, don't worry about that, I already do." Hroki's tone made Svenna turn back to look at her with confusion. 

"You haven't got a man, have you?"

Hroki nodded, pointing across to a large, broad-chested young man with dark brown hair and glittering eyes. 

"Skjor?"

Hroki nodded emphatically. "Yes. We'd been hunting together for months, just the two of us, alone in the forest. After a while, the tension grew too strong, and he practically begged to have me, right there, under the stars." The woman sighed wistfully. "It was wonderful."

Svenna laughed, eyebrows raised, clapping a hand on her sister's shoulder. "I'm happy to hear that, Hroki, although please, keep the details to yourself"

Hroki grinned wider. "Oh, you mean you don't want to hear about the way he..." Svenna cut her off with a shake of her head and a raised hand.

"I just hope you didn't let him finish inside you."

"Oh, trust me, after that, I'd let him finish wherever he liked." Hroki's eyes said it all. Svenna laughed and stood up, still shaking her head.

"I'm going to find Olaf. I should tell him we've returned.

Hroki nodded. "Good idea. He'll be in the war tent."

----------

Hunched over a table, Olaf looked just as intimidating as always. A huge man, with intricate runic tattoos spiralling across his arms and chest, he looked every bit the warrior king. As Svenna and Toryg stepped through the entrance of the war tent, he looked up from his battleplan and gave them a brisk smile. Standing up, he came around to meet them. 

"Toryg, Svenna, excellent. You've come at the perfect time."

Embracing their tribe's patriarch, the pair followed him back to his table. Spread out across it was a crude map of the Hinterlands, with stones denoting the locations of Skorlheim and various points throughout the Fjorskag forest. Near the centre, a large pebble with a black cross painted on it stood ominously. Olaf began to explain.

"The orc raids are getting worse." He gestured to some of the stones. "Their warlord is getting bolder, and his bands have started setting up permanent camps around the edges of the forest. I won't stand for that."

Looking up, his one working eye scowled at the two warriors.

"This has gone on too long. We need to show that green-skinned bastard that this is Skorl territory."

"What's the plan?" Toryg was already smiling. Olaf gestured to one of the closer stones.

"Send a message. They've got a camp set up by the river, here. We'll attack tonight, and send them off back to Throgzar with their tails between their legs." The old man grinned. "So I'm glad you two are here."

Svenna and Toryg shared a look. "Good thing we didn't tarry then, isn't it?" Her husband winked at her, making her roll her eyes. Olaf didn't notice.

"I suggest you make the most of the next few hours, we'll be heading out soon." He looked up. "Sorry to throw you into it like this."

Svenna grinned. "Don't be. This is going to be fun."

----------

Under cover of darkness, the barbarian tribe made their way to the Karnelv river. Heading north, they quickly arrived at the Orc camp, hearing it before they saw it. The faint glow of campfires rose up from inside the hastily constructed wooden palisade, and Svenna could hear the guttural sounds of orcish voices coming from within. Under the instruction of Olaf, the warriors spread out, hiding in the sparse underbrush of the taiga. 

From her spot next to Hroki, she watched as Olaf raised an arm, giving the signal to ready themselves. Ahead of them, above the gate, two orcs stood on watch, looking out for any invading forces. Poor job she thought, as she watched Olaf drop his arm, giving the signal for Astrid and Ysmir to take them out. 

With sudden whistling thuds, two arrows fired out of the brush, striking both creatures in the chests, Sending them backwards off the walls into the camp. Without a moment to lose, Olaf gave the signal to charge, and Svenna hefted her axes as she let out a deafening battle roar. Her voice mingled with those of her kin as the Skorl Warriors charged out towards the palisade.

Leading the charge, Olaf crashed into the simple wooden gate, smashing it apart with his great axe as though it were made of paper. Inside, she could already see the orcs beginning to panic, scrambling to find their weapons as the horde of barbarians rushed into their camp. Near the front, Svenna barrelled through the broken gate, not stopping for a second as she pounded towards the central campfire. To her left, a green-skinned orc made a swing for her with a hastily grabbed sword, which she easily deflected, delivering a return blow with one of her axes.

As the creature fell to the floor, she looked around, just in time to see two more emerge from a tent, weapons in hand. With a roar, she leapt towards them, swinging her weapons down in one fluid motion, taking down one of the orcs before he'd even had a chance to react. The second growled, thrusting towards her, a blow she narrowly avoided. Slicing across with her off hand, she caught the creature in the stomach, sending him reeling as her backswing caught him in the neck.

Sweeping her leg, she kicked the side poll of the tent, bringing it crashing down. All around her she could hear the sounds of battle; roars and cries, the sound of steel against steel. Turning, she saw an orc sink its blade into a Skorl's back, But before she could react an arrow appeared in the back of its head. Across the camp, she could see Hroki and Skjor, back to back, deftly taking down assailant after assailant. To her right, She saw Astrid kick an orc backwards onto a campfire, just in time for Olaf to bring his axe down on its head. 

The tents around her were starting to burn. She watched as Ysmir, torch in hand, threw it into the open entrance, charging off as the fabric caught alight, flames licking up the side as a screaming orc tried to crawl free. To her right, a half-dressed creature tried to rush her, who she quickly dispatched with a downward swipe. The barbarians were definitely winning.

Making her way between the blazing tents, she sought out more of the vile creatures to slay. Before long, she found herself back in the central area, the dusty ground trampled free of grass. The firepit was still ablaze, bathing the battlefield in red light as it flickered and danced in the night wind. 

And opposite it, she saw Toryg.

His chest bare, wearing nothing but hide bracers and a fur kilt, he stood powerfully, legs braced as he fought tooth and nail with a large greenskin, his sword clashing off of the orc's again and again. Svenna watched as he kicked at the creature's legs, sending it stumbling back as he renewed his assault. But, to her horror, she saw another orc approaching from behind.

Without a moment's hesitation, she rushed forward, sprinting towards the fire before leaping straight through, the fury of her battle rage blinding her to the heat as she charged towards her lover. Hitting the ground running, she took three bounding steps forward before slicing down with all her strength, decapitating the would-be ambusher. In confusion, Toryg looked over at her, and grinned when he saw her purpose.

Turning back to his own prey, he unleashed a whirlwind of strikes, eventually cutting down the creature before him. Turning back to his wife, Svenna returned his grin. He thrust a finger over her shoulder, and as she spun she saw an orc charging towards them, frothing with rage. Instinctively she hefted her axe, launching it forward with a powerful throw and embedding the blade in the orc's chest, sending it sprawling down onto the ground.

All around, the creatures started retreating. Throwing down their weapons, the fled towards the smashed gate, the ones that made it disappearing into the darkness, pursued by the whoops and bellows of the warriors. Soon, all that was left were the barbarians and the dead, catching their breath before celebrating their victory.

Turning back to Toryg, the warrior woman threw her axe to the ground. She launched herself towards him, as he grabbed her in his arms and lifted her off the ground .She needed to feel his hands on her, his tongue in her mouth, and as they started to kiss passionately, tongues wrestling and breath ragged, she wanted more. She knew this wasn't the time or place, but with the fury of battle dissolving into the heat of arousal, she couldn't wait to drag him home. In that moment, with the adrenaline coursing through her veins, she wanted him more than anything else. She felt his hands on her waist, dragging her hips close to the bulge forming under his furs, and she ground against him with longing.

But before long, their kiss was interrupted by Hroki tugging on Svenna's arm.

"Come on you two, we're leaving, let's go! You can swallow each other's tongues back in Skorlheim" The young woman grinned at them both, holding her own lover's hand as well. Behind her, Skjor beamed as he and Hroki disappeared together back through the gate, joining the rest of the warriors.

Still holding each other, Svenna looked up into the kind eyes of her man. He smiled back down at her fondly. 

"Remember. You promised me." She gave him a look of mock severity.

Toryg chuckled. "I haven't forgotten. When we get home."

Svenna grinned, before kissing him one last time and turning to follow her tribe.

----------

Back in Skorlheim, the warriors sat around the blazing fire, laughing and drinking merrily. Ysmir was stood, excitedly retelling the events of the battle, to the amusement of everyone watching. Svenna smiled as he lept around, swinging his sword as he mimed cutting down orc after orc. Next, to her, Toryg laughed too, his arm around her waist, keeping her close to him.

The night air was brisk, but the heat from the flames kept the worst of the cold away from them. Not to mention the strong ambermead Svenna had in her cup. Taking another swig, she felt the pleasant burning sensation as the potent liquor slid down her throat. Staring into the fire, she could already feel the alcohol taking effect.

She was no stranger to heavy drinking; the warriors of the Skorl learnt to handle their booze at an early age, but something about the evening made her feel giddy. Maybe it was the glory of victory, the miles of travel, or maybe just the anticipation for the coming night. She looked up at her husband, stilling smiling with mirth at Ysmir's display. In the firelight, his rugged face looked even more handsome, framed by the night and the flickering orange flames. 

She'd first met him on the battlefield, carving his way through a legion of gnolls while she did the same. From the moment she'd laid eyes on him, hair wild and muscles bulging, she'd felt a fierce attraction, but that was nothing to the love she had for him now. Nuzzling her head into him, she thought about the night they'd first made love, tearing each other's clothes off in a frenzy of passion, the full moon bright above them as he'd lifted her onto her back, sliding into her as she cried out his name.
