 From the moment Jenny got on the bus no one could take their eyes off of her. Red peasant blouse hung just off her shoulders with a plunging neckline leading to her braless cleavage, tight black leggings with nothing under them hugging her thick thighs. Black boots finished off the look. She was dressed for a party. She was hoping to end high school with a bang. Literally. College was on the horizon and she wanted her last weekend with her friends to be memorable and this look pretty much guaranteed that. She wanted to give Bryan a night he would never forget.

Bryan was her cute but nerdy friend. They had been besties since she moved to the house next to him when she was six years old. They did everything from hide and seek to play doctor. He developed a crush on her early on. Sadly while she was having her sexual awakening he was writing transformers fan fiction about Meagan fox and Optimus Prime. Over time they drifted apart falling into their respective cliques. She never even entertained the thought of fucking him until she read one of original stories and saw similarities between the love interests. Bryan was never really one for suddlety so it wasn't hard for her to figure out. That and the fact she could pretty much guarantee he was a virgin made him her prime target for three days of de-viginalizing bliss with her. He was off to one of those prestigious brainy colleges and she wanted him to not be a virgin when he got there. It wasn't hard for her to convince him to come to the party in the woods especially when she gave him a preview of what she would be wearing. She was so excited and to be honest really horny to be with Bryan. Too bad the bus was taking forever.

Jenny sat in her seat rubbing her thighs together, squirming. She had been on the bus for over three hours on the way to a cabin her and her friends rented and nature was calling. She hadn't gotten off the bus at any of the other rest stops. The bus had been traveling down dirt roads since it left the city and every rest stop had been in the middle of nowhere. At the first stop when she was getting back to her seat one of the men ogling her decided to sample the merchandise and took a nice palm full of her ass. she turned around mortified but saw no support in the eyes of the patrons with their "She's asking for it, look what she's wearing," judgmental looks on their faces so she just sat in her seat and decided not to get up till her stop. The bus was full; mostly men and they were unsavory to say the least complete with unkempt Yosemite Sam mustaches. They were the outdoorsy type. She was not. Jenny had arranged with some persuasion for the driver to drop her off right in front of the cabin. Good thing for feminine whiles. 

"Um... driver, how much longer till grace point?" Jenny asked shifting side to side in her seat trying to hold on as long as she could.

"Yer lookin' at bout noder hour o' so darlin'" the driver replied. 

Jenny groaned. The last thing she wanted was to arrive and have to run quick to the girl's room in what she was wearing. That would definitely ruin her entrance. "How about till the next rest stop?"

The bus driver cleared his throat and then looked into the rearview mirror smiling "S'matter darlin, ad too much t' drank?" She turned her head and scowled menacingly at the empty big gulp that sat in the seat next to her. "Don' yew wurreh yer pretty lil head thur missy, next stop'll be along in a minit r' so." Jenny sulked while she listened to the snickers of the slack jawed yokels around her. 

A few minutes later the bus slowed to a halt and the driver announced that they had arrived at a rest stop. Jenny looked around the bus and couldn't help but notice all but 2 of the men on board were asleep. Those two, Yosemite Sam and Hacksaw Pete as she called them in her head, hadn't stopped ogling her since the trip began. They would look back at her and make faces licking their lips as they did so. Jenny wasn't about to let bugs bunny's nemesis scare her into pissing herself even if they did creep her the fuck out. As soon as the doors opened Jenny jumped at the chance to get off the bus, ignoring the looks of the two men who followed. It was dark and all that could be seen anywhere was trees and fog. Luckily for Jenny she had her cell phone. She may not have been able to call or text being so far out of cell tower range but she could use her flashlight app to navigate the wilderness. Jenny turned on the light and heard laughing from behind her. 

"S'matter lil lady, fraid o' the dark?" Hacksaw Pete asked.

He creeped her out more than Yosemite as his stache looked as though it were a dead squirrel in some sort of covert nut stealing operation. That thought brought a smile to her face. She thought of anything funny whenever she was afraid. And she was definitely afraid. For a city girl like Jenny this was as far out of her comfort zone as it gets. On the side of the road by a dark forest with two men who give off quite the "Rapey" vibe and she had to pee. "Don't get any ideas boys" she said a twinge of dread dripping from her confidence. 

Yosemite just looked her over, pausing his gaze at her breasts and keeping it there. "I woonint think o' it lil lady. See I'm a gentleman. My momma raised me right. But Jasper here, well, I can't speak much fer him" Yosemite said. 

"I likes t' watch". Jasper said as he licked his lips. 

"You city girls' Ahwaz tink da wurs o' us country folk,"Yosemite added. The two men both started laughing as she slowly backed away into the woods. She trembled and jumped at every twig that snapped beneath her feet fearing the men were following her. "You hurry along now darlin', lessin you wan me and Jasper to come an give ya a hand," Yosemite said chuckling.

Jenny's heart raced as she walked deeper into the woods guided by her cell phone light. She hoped to get deep enough that the men would lose her in the fog and she could circle around and get to the bus before the men could do anything to her. She did her business and then stood to walk back to the bus but hers weren't the only footsteps crinkling the leaves on the ground. It was faint but she could hear someone. They had followed her. She turned to see two lights and the silhouette of the men in the fog behind her. Fearing for her life Jenny took off in a dead sprint far into the woods. Branches whizzed by and scratched at her skin and tore at her leggings but still she ran. She ran zig zags around trees and fallen branches and large rocks getting deeper in the forest but still feeling the men chasing her. Pumping her arms as she ran it became hard to see even with the cell phone light. Her chest felt like it was on fire and trying to escape her chest. She slowed to a stop and collapsed on the ground clutching her chest as her breasts heaved with her heavy breathing. Tears welled up in her eyes. 'Were they close?' she thought. 'They had to be' she didn't think she got away, not until she realized she couldn't see much of anything. Not the men or the headlights of the bus. She was illuminated only by the light of the moon, which was full, and her cell phone. She looked around spinning frantically trying to see something, anything but the phone only light up that she was surrounded by darkness. She was lost.

"J-Jasper!" She had lost her way and with no other option left she tried calling out for help from the men she was running from. "Jasper, please Jasper help!" She was desperate. She screamed over and over again as loud as she could but was met only with crickets chirping. She looked around her as she gingerly walked through the dense forest, branches and leaves grazing her creamy white skin. "Please god if you let me live through this ill stop all the bad things I do with so many boys," she pleaded; her eyes closed hoping for some kind of salvation. She knew better than to hold out for some kind of divine intervention though. Jenny was a skeptic, always had been. 

Even in this dire situation her thoughts drifted to Bryan. She wanted so badly to be with him, to be his first, to send him off to college a man. She loved deflowering men. She saw it like being the first to conquer a new land and throw down your flag and claim it. She could understand why men had the whole "Notch on their belt," thing when it came to bedding women. Bryan would be the twelfth virginity she would claim. She loved the idea of training a lover and every woman they were with after having her to thank for all the pleasure she taught them to give. Then there was how appreciative they were after. She loved that. She was practically worshipped as a goddess by the "Yugi-oh club," as she called them. She didn't care about being a slut in the eyes of most of the popular girls because she loved what she loved. She wanted Bryan to be next. Even now she could feel herself moistening at the thought of all the things she wanted to do to him. She would teach him how to lick her and how a woman should be tasted and she would reward him with her own mouth. Then on the last night they have together in the cabin she would let him have her fully, deeply fucking his way into manhood. She thought so highly of her prowess in the bedroom

The cold night air stiffened her nipples as they stood out on her breasts. She kicked herself for not bringing her jacket when she left the bus, and also for wearing nothing under her clothes. Oh but she wanted Bryan to be excited the moment he saw her. As excited as she was now thinking of pressing herself against- she was torn away from her lustful thoughts by the crinkling of leaves nearby. She turned her head hoping to see one of the men from the bus and also hoped they had good intentions. "Jasper... is that you?" She asked into the shadows. She hadn't even thought of all the other things that live in the wilderness or that some things would be scared away by her running and her screaming or even that some things would be drawn to it. It was the second this thought dawned on Jenny that she saw it.

A wet snout peaked through the fog into the cell phone light sniffing as it drew closer. The creatures snarling fangs dripped saliva from its enormous mouth onto the ground beneath it. Thick coarse blackish brown hairs covered its massive body. Glowing yellow eyes locked right on to Jenny. The second she opened her mouth to scream the creature leaped at her, sending her running ever deeper into the darkness."Grooooorrrn!" It roared as it galloped after her on its hands and legs giving chase. She dug deep inside herself, the fear giving rise to a new form of energy in her. She ran as hard and as fast as she could, lungs burning and arms flailing her heart thundered as she ran for her life.

"Get away from me!" Jenny screamed as she ran through the dark forest. She couldn't believe she was so foolish as to be out here alone. A girl who had lived her whole life in New York City was now prey for the taking of some kind of forest monster. Tears streamed down her face as she ran. Hard labored breathes came out of her as she dug her feet hard into the ground beneath her running as fast as she could. She felt her heart would explode as she began to panic breathing harder. She realized she was slowing, getting tired and she knew once she slowed down enough she was dead. Every time she looked over her shoulder her fear was heightened. No matter how fast she ran, how hard she tried, there was no escape from the creature. She could hear the monster snarling behind her and she knew it would be on a matter of seconds before the creature was on her.

Jenny looked over her shoulder in time to see the creature leap up closing the distance between them easily before striking her with a clawed hand to the ground. She tried to stand and run but she had no energy left. She breathed hard as her breasts heaved in her shirt. She felt claws dig into the skin of her shoulder as the creature pinned her to the ground. "Please, god no!" She screamed eliciting more growls from the creature. She closed her eyes and turned away not wanting to see its face. "Ahhh!" She cried out as the claws sunk deeper into her flesh. Still not willing to accept death Jenny struggled to be free. Still she clenched her eyes shut. She was too scared to look at the creature. She could hear the snarling louder now and could feel its hot breath on her neck. "Please... God...don't let it kill me".

The creature slapped her backhanding her with its long fingered hand into a tree. Her head was spinning she was nearly knocked unconscious. Still the creature was sniffing her snarling whenever she made a sound it didn't like. She clenched her eyes shut again as its wet snout pressed against her neck. 'This is it' she thought, 'I'm going to die eaten by some monster.' The creature nipped at her ear lightly drawing blood from the frightened girl. She fought every urge to cry out fearing the creature would hit her again. "Im sorry Bryan," She whispered. The creature moved its wet snout lower sniffing her some more. It breathed in deeply and seemed to relish her scent. Jenny just laid there letting it sniff her hoping it will just move on. She moved her hand around slowly looking for something, anything that might grant her freedom. "Ummphh!" She yelled as she slammed a rock against the creatures head. 

The creature cried out in pain and anger. Jenny knew it was now or never and turned and ran. Fear has a way of fueling escape attempts and Jenny ran with new found fire under her. She looked over her shoulder to discover with horror that the creature was right behind her. It had been toying with her before like a cat plays with a mouse and now it was done chasing its prey. The creature slammed Jenny into a nearby tree knocking all the fight out of her. The creature sunk its claws into her shoulders eliciting cries from the poor girl. It sunk its claws deeper dripping the girl's blood from her arms. She felt her death was moments away just as close as the creatures coarse hairs were to her body. Jenny sobbed and cried out in agony as the creature clawed down her chest leaving her red peasants blouse in tatters exposing her supple flesh to the night air. She could feel the blood trickling from the fresh cuts on her breasts as the creature held her in place. it clawed at her again this time ripping her pants to shreds. She couldn't believe she was going to die eaten in the forest looking like a slutty red riding hood.

The creature snarled at her face making her cringe and turn away and then it began sniffing her again. Jenny tried hard not to make a sound as the creature began to lick up the blood that was leaking from her wounds. That combined with the salty sweat on the girl's body and the cotton candy lotion she always rubbed on her skin made the creature lick her more and more. Her stomach began churning. The feeling of the beats giant tongue on her body was sickening. Then she felt revolted when the creatures tongue ventured even lower. Jenny snapped her legs shut tightly before the creature could lick her there. The creature would have none of that though. It was the scent of her arousal that drew it to her in the forest. It could smell the aroma of her sweet nectar from far away carried by the cool night's breeze. The creature bit down on her shoulder just hard enough to draw blood making her cry out in pain. it pried her legs open and she gave no resistance fearing another attack from the creature. 

Perhaps had she not already been so hot for Bryan she would have been able to last longer. Jenny looked away from the creature trying to place her mind elsewhere. She focused on the moon and imagined what Bryan was doing at the time. Perhaps he was thinking of her or maybe he went out looking for her. 'Maybe he'll come and rescue me,' She thought. She felt shame as her sex glistened in the moonlight. She felt dirty being on display like this for the creature, showing him the wetness she had for Bryan. The sensuous aroma of her damp heat drew the creatures tongue from its mouth. Jenny clenched her eyes shut as the big wet tongue dipped between her legs. She shuddered as the rough surface slick with the creatures saliva lapped at her sweaty body. She tried to lose herself in the fantasy but there was no denying the creatures giant tongue licking her was anything but that. The creature slid its long tongue over her face covering her in saliva bringing her attention back it. It slid its tongue over her large breasts encircling one then the other. Jenny began to sob silently. She feared the creature planned to eat her, teasing its prey with the licks. She felt betrayed by her body as she felt a tingling of arousal from the creature's massive tongue. 

The creature smacked her breasts with its tongue making them jiggle as it relished the taste of her. Despite her fear Jenny let slip a soft moan. 'I'm going to die she thought' I'm going to be some monsters fucking dinner and I'm getting wet." She was disgusted with herself. The sweet scent of her wetness wafts into the creature's nostrils and it drifts its tongue lower. The creature's large rough tongue laps at Jenny's juices making her tremble with fear and something more. The creature growled and jenny could swear she heard it say something. "God, please make it stop," She pleaded "don't make me cum for this monster". The creature slipped its tongue lower licking between her ass and pussy at once. Jenny had to use all her strength to not shut her legs lest she anger the creature again. She was revolted not just with the creature but herself. How could she be enjoying this too much. No matter how much she dreaded it though her orgasm was coming. The creature continued assaulting her pussy with its tongue savoring every bit of her. "No, please!" Jenny screamed to a loud climax squirting her nectar in the creatures face. The creature, unaware of what just occurred recoiled. Jenny saw this and took off running into the woods. 

"Tasty," The creature said with Jenny out of earshot as its long tongue licked up Jenny's juices from its face.

Jenny knew by now it was tracking her by her scent but there was nothing she could do abrupt it. Her breasts bounced as she sprinted through the woods screaming for someone anyone to help her. "There's a monster out here!" She yelled as she slowed to a stop. She began sobbing. She had nothing left. She dropped to her knees and looked to the sky hoping for some kind of miracle. The creature was on her in an instant pinning her down to the ground on her knees with her head touching the ground. The creature was so heavy that she couldn't move and feared being crushed to death. Her heart sank as the creature began sniffing again this time pressing its wet snout directly against her pussy. The cold moist nose of the creature felt good and soothing compared to its course tongue. The creature raised its head and she thought finally it's over he's going to kill me now. Her quiet cries soon turned to shrieks of dread. The creature stood still pinning her to the ground with one of its forward paws. She could feel something grazing against her nethers but in her position and the dark of the forest she couldn't tell what it was. As it began to poke at her entrance though the reality of the object finally set in on Jenny. "No!" She screamed "Please God no! Anything but that," She pleaded begging for some kind of mercy from the creature. The creature only growled in her face ordering her to be silent. Trying to wriggle free Jenny was able to adjust her face then she wished she hadn't. 

The creatures cock head glistened in the moonlight as it poked and prodded at Jenny's pussy spreading its thick sap like pre cum all over her. The strong earthy scent was overpowering and Jenny was beginning to find it hard to concentrate. It was spreading it all over her back, stomach, pussy. and ass as the creature struggled to find the girls entrance."Gaaaaaahhhhh!" She screamed as the creatures cock slammed into her "Nooooo!" It was massive compared to any man she had ever been with. The creature arched its back as it slammed into her over and over burying its thick cock into her at alarming speed. Jenny could do nothing but scream as she clawed her hands into the dirt below her. The pain was unbearable."Aaaaaah please stop!" Each thrust sent rippling tremors through her body as she screamed for mercy. 
