 Gabe waited patiently at the large, oak doors of the city's Temple of the Gods. Surrounded by the sounds of the forum, he felt out of place in the brown rags he wore as clothing. Those around him strolled through the marble streets with pinned white tunics covering their weakness with status. Gabe was the only surviving son of a Farmer who was conscripted into the ranks to then die on the front lines, and a mother who died giving birth to his twin brother, born minutes after Gabe, only to die in the same way his father did. Gabe took over the farm after his older brother died at 19 in a duel. Gabe found his way to the capital of his province to try and find a new line of work after a fire destroyed the house and the fields.

Looking at the people eyeing him, Gabe laughed to himself at how full their empty lives were. They were afraid that a strong, muscular man in dirty clothes would try and rob them if they didn't make it apparent that they could see him. He probably would- if he wasn't here to find salvation.

He wanted to find out how he could communicate with the gods to ask them what he did wrong in his 18 years of life to have his family and his belongings taken from him. He knew not which god to ask or what to say. All he knew is that the gods would help him if he got their attention.

The massive doors next to Gabe opened by the hands of people similarly dressed to him. An old man in a white tunic pulled Gabe aside as he walked in with people dressed better than him.

"What are you doing in here, peasant?" The old man snarled.

"Trying to speak with the Gods, sir." Gabe replied.

"You are not worthy of it!"

"What puts me below all of these people?" Gabe asked, gesturing to the mobile mass of whitely clothed people.

"You don't belong here. Your kind cannot stand near us!"

"My 'kind'?"

"You and your filthy brothers, sisters and parents do not belong here-" The man stopped as Gabe grabbed him by his bandolier and pushed him a few feet up the wall with one hand.

"Just because I don't make others fight my wars does not make me filthy. You, however... You and your 'kind' disgust me. You sit up here in your palace and do nothing but make everyone outside the walls act as a barrier for your person use. You disgrace the gods you serve, and one day everyone will know of your treachery, you repulsive swine!" Gabe dropped the man with clenched teeth, and walked down the ready made path through the shocked crowd to the doors.

It was dark now, and the moon cast faint shadows through Gabe's third story window. He rented a room in a tavern for the night, and he sat at the table next to the window, gazing up at the moon. The moon is shining so brightly that it blocks the view of a lot of the stars... This got him thinking. The moon here could represent this world we live in; it seems great until you look closer and see how much it mucks up. The sky is beautiful in its own right, and the moon is preventing everyone from experiencing this beauty. Instead it hides it under lies to make you think something other than just being here to see the world is the most important thing in life. Gabe sighed. He was getting tired. He rose from his seat and sank into his bed. The room was a slight blue from the moonlight that crept its way in through the windows as Gabe tried to get some sleep. 

He woke in the middle of the night to the sound of boots on his floor. He lept out of bed and drove the knife he had under his pillow into the chest of a town guardsmen. The man crumpled with a suppressed moan as Gabe held his hand to the guard's mouth as he fell to the floor. Gabe took the guard's sword and went for the now open door very quietly. He could hear someone coming down the hallway in his direction. Gabe waited for the perfect moment and jumped out of the room- tackling a very surprised guardsman. Gabe put him in a chokehold, and after the man was unconscious, he dragged him next to the dead man. Gabe managed to get to the ground floor without killing any more guards, and he made his escape out the back door. He ran out of the city, dodging patrols here and there. When he got to the forest, he traveled for about an hour until he decided he would rest in a clearing he found.

He awoke midday to find a curious creature watching him from the treeline. She was wearing some kind of tight cloth that was in two colors. A fluorescent blue and a stern black made up the two colors. She also had bright green accents in places, along with hair of a blue hue. Her outfit was skin tight, leaving nothing to the imagination. She was now standing proudly, and he could see how she also had the tail of a cat and the ears of one on her forehead, but other than that she looked just like any other amply breasted and firmly bodied human woman.

"Um... Hi?" Gabe managed to say between his gawks.

"Hello, Gabe."

"How do you know me?"

"I've been watching you for years."

"That makes me feel safe secure," Gabe said as he tried to stand taller somehow.

"You have had many bad things happen to you that had been undeserved. In another time, things would have been different. And for that, I am sorry." She told him, beginning step forward.

"What did you do to me that you would need to apologize for?"

"It is more of what I didn't do." She said, stopping a few feet infront of him, her tail twitching slightly. 

Gabe looked into her deep green and blue eyes with a questioning expression, as he struggled to keep his libido under control.

"I want to make things up to you in the best way I can," She told him as she extended her arm towards him, "Here, take my hand." Gabe reached out and the moment their hands locked he got a weird sensation and he felt... purple. Everything was purple for some reason, and he felt like he was moving without being able to see. He suddenly appeared in a wide field, still holding her hand.

"What was that?" Gabe asked.

"I blinked us here. I can do things like that," She said with a calm voice, "Now please, sit with me, I have some explaining to do."

Gabe sat down in the short grass after she did. After a second, She spoke.

"My name is Serena. I am the daughter of Fense and Keilla, and yes, the gods Fense and Keilla. You see, I am the first member of the third generation of Immortals. And I use the term 'Immortal' lightly. I can still die, and so can my parents. It is just very hard to do so and I am not going to go through the process with you here and now. Anyways, I saw how you figured out that the Temples are corrupt and evil. I saw how you reacted. I know what you want, Gabe. You want a world where social classes are non-existent. You want there to be no war or unnecessary death. You want a peaceful world where everyone can be equal and be with whoever they want... A glorious return to nature and its boundless beauty. "

"That is exactly what I wish to happen, yes. Why is that such an interest to you?" Gabe asked.

"I am a mostly unknown deity. I choose to keep myself away from the Pantheon, as I think that they are drunk with power and love using it against each other to the expense of men like your father. I do not want to be like them, and I want your help to start a community that shuns them under my protection."

"Where is this community you speak of?"

"It... doesn't exist yet. I need you and your seed to make this happen."

"You need my 'seed' for this?"

"Of course, how else would we make more of us? We are the only ones here who share this ideology."

"You want me to have sex with you?" Gabe's dick got harder than it already was.

"Well, yes."

"When is this going to-"

Serena fell to her knees in front of Gabe, her clawed fingers careful not to cut him as she sliced open his pants with surgical precision. "Won't be needing these," She said as she pulled them down his legs. She reached up and cut of his shirt at the top, "Or this," she said as the shirt fell to the grass behind him. Gabe's dick had sprung into the air, waiting for her to do anything at all. She turned around and pulled off her tights, bending over as she did so, giving Gabe a quick look at her pussy before turning around and dropping to her knees once more in front of him. Her full and firm tits barely moved as she grabbed his member with one hand and brought him into her mouth, sucking him in slowly. Her tongue felt amazing as it slowly massaged him. Gabe's mouth hung open as Serena's took all of him in. She held him there for what could have been eternity. She drew his dick out of her mouth, and it was visually slick with saliva.

Serena beckoned Gabe to kneel with her. As he did, she turned around and arched her back slightly, while pulling Gabe's hands to her hips as she pushed her firm ass against him. Her perky tits bounced out, standing high and proud on her chest as she brought her head back to rest on Gabe's shoulder. She gazed into his brown eyes with a glitter of lust, and brought one of Gabe's hands down to her pussy. He obviously didn't know what to do, so she placed her hand over his and rubbed herself through his hand. Gabe's cock was sliding between her thighs, right under her entrance. Serena started to sway against the rhythm of Gabe's member slipping between her legs and teasing her lips. She could feel herself getting very wet as a resurgence of her divine primal temptations broke through her surface as she instinctively and forcefully pulled Gabe's dick inside her with a powerful thrust that brought Gabe's dick all the way inside her. 

Gabe brought his hands down to her hips. He pulled himself almost completely out of her, and she arched her back to try and get him back inside her. He lost a few inches to her warm depths, but he pulled out even more, and then he pushed himself back between her lips. Slower than the first time, but fast enough that he got a delicate sigh out of her. Her tail wrapped itself behind his back, along with her ankles shifting to go over his calves in a combined effort to keep him from pulling himself out. Serena lasted for a few minutes like this, her Gabe slowly fucking her, until her tail released him and she fell forward, her arms now holding her over the grass as Gabe ran his hands down her back as he re-entered her, taking her from behind. She moaned as he pulled himself into her with strong, steady, and powerful thrusts. Serena was in ecstasy as Gabe fucked her like no one ever had- grant it, she had never had sex before this, but whatever. 

Gabe could feel Serena's pussy getting tighter, as her divine sexually tried to milk his cum from him. he knew that he would blow his load very soon, and her firm ass slapping against his thighs only insinuated that fact. He bent over Serena, grabbing her tits as he drove his cock as deep into her as he could, all the while her tailor made womanhood tried its hardest to force his balls to explode. Gabe look at Serena, who was melting into him, and saw how much she loved this. He brought one of his hands that were massaging her tits down to her pussy, and he found her clitorous easily, she was already spazing out on his cock and her bead was waiting for attention. 

Gabe rubbed her there as her hips started shaking. She came while he was deep inside her, pushing his manhood out of her as she squirted all over his crotch. Gabe quickly pushed himself back into her pulsating depths, and his eyes widened as he felt his pent-up and raw sexuality wave begin to crest- then break as he felt himself fill her with his semen. He pulled out and fell on his back to see a shivering Serena's perfect heart-shaped ass up in the air, her legs together with her gasping on the ground, her tits billowing out from under her chest. Gabe crawled next to Serena. He pulled her close to him and drifted off to sleep with her under his arm.