 Aldo Hernandez sat in the hotel bar and looked around, this was fertile ground for picking up young men to keep him company during his stay in London, but he knew that he would not be satisfied with that any more.

A handsome young man approached his table, smiling broadly at him. Aldo stood up and offered his hand in greeting.

"Aldo," said the young man as he grasped Aldo's hand and shook it, "it's good to see you."

"And to see you too, your highness," said Aldo, bowing slightly.

"May I sit?" Asked the young man.

"Please," said Aldo.

"So, what is it that you want? These meetings usually end in my family spending a huge sum of money with you."

"You may have trouble believing what I am about to tell you," said Aldo.

* * * * * *

"Rufus," said Aldo, "may I present prince Arif Al-Farsi. Your highness, may I introduce professor Rufus Katz."

"It is indeed an honour," said Rufus, "has Aldo told you about Sharon?"

"Yes," replied Arif, "although I find it hard to believe that people can share dreams, and even harder to believe that the machine both directs those dreams and derives some sort of pleasure from them."

"Try her then," said Aldo, "and be amazed."

"Come and meet her," said Rufus.

* * * * * *

"I would like your assistant to go in with me" said Arif, "just in case."

"I assure you," said Rufus, "even though Morag knows as much about Sharon as I do, once you are in, you are pretty much under her control."

"It's o.k. Rufus," said Morag, smiling first at him and then at Arif, "I would like to keep the prince company."

"Very well," said Rufus, "get on the table between Ruby and Lexi."

Arif looked at the three women he was being connected to via Rufus Katz's machine, two very attractive young blondes and a statuesque mature raven-haired beauty.

'If it is as Hernandez says,' he thought to himself, 'this could be very interesting.'

"Lay back and let me connect you up," said Rufus as he put a helmet on Arif's head.

* * * * * * *

Arif slammed the car door behind him and ran across the gravel to the front door as the rain pounded down on him. He knocked on the door and waited.

"Good evening," he said in a rush as the door opened, "I'm sorry to bother you but I am lost and am nearly out of petrol, can I use your phone?"

"Come in out of the rain," answered the woman who had opened the door, "you will catch your death."

Arif entered the house and stood, dripping, in the large hallway. He looked around him, the place looked in need of repair.

"Let me get you a towel for your hair," the woman said to him, "in the meantime, the telephone is there."

Arif looked in the direction she had indicated to see a black Bakelite telephone standing on a small occasional table.

"Thank you so much," he said as he went to the phone.

He could not help but watch as she walked away from him. She was tall, with full hips and an ass that wiggled just as it should. She was at least forty-five, but even at twenty years older than him, he would still have liked to fuck her. Arif liked all women, even the older ones.

He picked up the receiver and listened, there was no dialing tone. He tapped the pegs in the receiver cradle in frustration, knowing that it would do no good but doing it anyway.

"Oh, is it not working?" Asked the woman as she returned, carrying a large cotton towel, "that's not unusual in this weather. Where are you heading to?"

"I am trying to find lord Hartley's house. I think I may have taken a wrong turn. I have been driving around for hours and was lucky to spot the lights on upstairs or I would never have seen this house."

"You are a long way from there, you really did get lost. You had better stay tonight and we can get a garage to bring you some petrol tomorrow."

"That's very kind of you. My name is Arif."

Arif held out his hand and the woman shook it, smiling at him as she did so.

"I'm Morag and I am very pleased to meet you."

"Do you live here alone?"

"No, I am the housekeeper. The owner is a scientist, but he is away for a few days, so I am on my own at the moment."

"I see."

"Would you like something to eat?"

"I would not like to inconvenience you."

"No, honestly, it's no bother. Come to the kitchen and I'll rustle something up."

Morag led Arif to the kitchen, sat him at the large wooden table and set about making him some food. Arif noticed a small pile of plates, bowls and cutlery on the draining board next to the sink, the one untidy thing in an otherwise immaculate room.

"You would think that in nineteen-fifty-five the telephone service would be more reliable, wouldn't you?" Said Morag.

"In my country only the rich have telephones," replied Arif.

"And where is that?"

"A small state in Arabia."

"Is it nice there?"

"Yes, very."

"Here you are," said Morag placing a plate in front of him, "it's only an omelette, but it should keep the hunger pains away."

"Are you not joining me?"

"Oh we've, I mean I've eaten already. You enjoy that and I will go upstairs and turn that light off. I must have left it on earlier."

Arif tucked into his food, which was very good indeed.

"Would you like some cocoa?" Morag asked as she walked back into the kitchen, "I hope you don't mind, but I changed into my dressing gown while I was upstairs."

"Yes please, and no, I do not mind at all."

As Morag stood with her back to him, making the cocoa, Arif got up from the table went over and stood behind her. He put his arms around her and cupped her fulsome breasts through the material of her gown.

"You took the hint then," she said in a husky voice as she felt his hands knead her boobs.

"You smell divine," he said as he nuzzled her neck and kissed her behind her ear.

"Shall I leave the cocoa for later?" She asked as she reached behind her and rubbed Arif's groin.

"Yes," he replied as he slipped his right hand inside her gown and rolled her nipple between his thumb and forefinger.

"Mmm, that's nice," Morag said as her nipples hardened and reddened.

Arif took his hand away, reached down and pulled her dressing gown up to her waist. Morag held it up while he put his hands on her ass and kneaded her buttocks.

"You have a lovely ass," he told her as he pulled her cheeks apart.

"Do you want to stick your cock up it?"

"Yes."

"Go on then, do it."

Morag reached up to a shelf over the sink and took down a tube of KY. She handed it to Arif, who took the cap off, squeezed a liberal amount onto his fingers and then pushed one up Morag's back passage.

"Go on," she told him, "take your finger out and put your cock in, I'm ready."

Arif unzipped his trousers and pulled them, together with his underpants, down to his knees. He rubbed the KY over his stiff circumcised cock, put it to Morag's ring-piece and pushed.

"Oh fuck, that feels nice," moaned Morag as she felt the young man's cock slide up inside her.

"Do you want it fast or slow?" He asked.

"Whichever way you want to do it," she replied.

"Let's take it slow then," he said as he pulled nearly all the way out and then slid slowly all the way back in.

Morag moaned a lot as she received Arif's hard cock repeatedly, loving the feeling of it leaving her body and then filling it again, time after time, slowly at first but gradually increasing in speed as he became more and more aroused.

"Oh fuck yes!" She shouted, "faster! Faster!"

Arif banged her hard against the sink, holding her by her waist to keep her steady as his actions became frenzied.

"OH FUUUUUCK!" He shouted as he came, pumping a huge load of cum into her rectum.

He stayed inside her until his balls were empty and then he pulled out. He stood behind her catching his breath and she turned around to face him.

"Now I want you to make me come," she told him as she walked over to the table, hopped up onto it, lay back, and opened her legs wide.

Arif understood what she wanted. He followed her to the table crouched down and put his face to her jet black pubic bush. he poked his tongue out and wriggled it between her puffy outer lips, wetting his chin on the juice that flowed from her.

"Yes, yes, yes," Morag moaned as she felt Arif's tongue flick her clitoris.

Arif had been trained in the art of love-making and bringing women off with his tongue was something he excelled at, within a couple of minutes he had Morag writhing around on the table, her legs bicycling in the air, her head rolling from side to side.

"Fuck yes! Fuck yes! Fuck YEEESSSSS!" She shouted aloud as she experienced an intense orgasm and squirted a copious amount of female ejaculate.

Arif took his head out from between her quivering thighs and stood up. He wiped his juice soaked chin with the back of his hand and smiled down at Morag.

"I'm hard again," he told her.

"Use it on me," she replied.

This time he filled her cunt with his stiff cock. He shoved it all the way into her until his balls were squashed against her ass, then he pulled it all the way out until just the tip was brushing her outer lips.

"Oh Arif," she moaned, "oh my God."

He fucked her in her cunt pretty much the same way as he had done her up her ass, slowly at first and increasing in speed and ferocity as he became more and more aroused.

"YES! YES! YES!" She shouted as she experienced a second orgasm, her fingers clawing at the table cloth.

"UUUUUUHHH!" He shouted in reply as he felt his seed flow from his body for the second time that evening.

He stayed inside her until every last drop of cum had left his cock and then he pulled out. Morag sat up on the edge of the table and put her hand between her legs.

"I had better go and bathe," she told him, "before all your stuff leaks out of me and makes a mess on my kitchen floor."

"Shall I make the cocoa then?" He asked.

* * * * * *

Arif sat at the table sipping his mug of cocoa, thinking about the fun he had just had with Morag.

'Perhaps I should go and scrub her back,' he thought to himself, 'I'm sure she would like that.'

He finished his drink, got up from the table and left the kitchen. He walked along the corridor into the hallway and ascended the large staircase. As he reached the top he thought he saw a figure cross the corridor at the other end.

'I was right,' he thought to himself, 'there is someone else here.' 

Arif walked along the corridor, past the room where the sound of Morag washing herself was coming from and around the corner in the direction in which the figure had gone. He saw a door close halfway along the next corridor and went towards it.

"Hello," he said softly as he tapped on the door, "is anybody in there?"

Arif listened. He thought her heard the sound of women giggling. He carefully opened the door and poked his head in the room.

"You can't come in," said a voice as he peered around the door.

Arif saw two young women sitting on a very large bed. Both were blonde, one about nineteen, the other a few years older. They were wearing cream coloured silk pyjamas and to Arif's eyes had the most beautiful faces imaginable.

"We are not supposed to be seen," the older one who had forbidden him to enter the room said as he looked at them, "Rufus said so."

"Who is Rufus?"

"He saved us" said the younger one, "and now we live here and he and Morag look after us."

"What are your names?"

"I'm Lexi," said the older one, "and this is Ruby."

"Are you sisters?"

"No, at least we don't think so. Things are a bit of a blur. Rufus said that was because of the accident."

"Oh. My name is Arif."

"Let Arif come in," Ruby said to Lexi, "after all, he has seen us now."

"Oh, o.k.," replied Lexi, "you can come and sit with us if you want to."

"Thank you," said Arif as he walked into the room and closed the door behind him.

"Why are you here?" Asked Lexi.

"I got lost and was running out of petrol. I saw your house and Morag let me in."

"She is very nice, isn't she?"

"Oh yes, very."

"Do you think we are pretty?" Asked Ruby.

"Yes, very pretty."

"We didn't used to be, before Rufus made us better."

"How did he make you better?"

"Oh, I don't know, he just fixes things in a way that only he can."

"He didn't do a very good job on me," said Lexi as she stood up and unbuttoned her pyjama top, "my boobs are not big enough."

Arif swallowed as he took in the sight of the most beautiful small pert round breasts he had ever seen. Lexi cupped her breasts and looked down at them in disapproval while Arif looked at them very approvingly.

"Well, they're bigger than mine," said Ruby as she unbuttoned her pyjama top and exposed her breasts for comparison.

"I think your boobs are perfect," said Arif, his mouth as dry as the desert from which he came.

"What about my nipples?" Asked Lexi as she twirled them between her thumbs and forefingers to make them come erect, "do you think they are big enough?"

Arif nodded dumbly.

"Do you think my bum is too big?" Asked Ruby as she stood up, turned away from Arif and slipped her pyjama bottoms down to expose her behind.

"No, definitely not," croaked Arif, as he gazed upon the cutest little ass in existence.

"What about mine?" Asked Lexi as she too turned her back to him and lowered her pyjama bottoms.

The second cutest ass in existence was shown to Arif for his appraisal and he felt his balls fizz with excitement.

"Well," said Ruby, "her cock is bigger than mine, I'm sure of that."

Before Arif had time to digest what she had said, Ruby turned to face him, her pyjamas around her ankles.

"Oh my goodness!" He exclaimed when he saw that she had a cock and balls.

"It's not much bigger though, is it?" Asked Lexi as she also turned to show Arif her tackle.

Both cocks were flaccid and hung like little acorns from the girl's soft blonde pubic regions. Arif could see each girl also had a pair of small smooth balls which peeped out of their hairy nests.

"They have vaginas too," came Morag's voice from behind him.

Arif spun round to see her standing in the doorway, a towel wrapped around her body, water dripping from her hair.

"I'm sorry," he said, "but I saw something and thought I should investigate, you being here on your own and everything."

"I undertand," Morag replied, "anyway, these young ladies are Lexi and Ruby, the professor's wards."

"And they are hermaphrodites?"

"Yes, show him your pussies, girls."

Lexi and Ruby lifted their balls up to reveal their cute little slits to Arif whose balls were fizzing fit to burst and whose cock was straining at his trousers.

"I suppose you would like to fuck one of them," said Morag, "or perhaps even both."

"Oh can he?" Asked Lexi eagerly, "I'm sure his cock is much bigger than Ruby's, maybe even bigger than the professor's."

"Yes," put in Ruby, "let him fuck us Morag, please let him."

"Oh very well," said Morag, "but don't tire him out, I will want him again before bed time."

"Get undressed and come to bed with us," said Lexi as she stepped out of her pyjama bottoms and slipped the top off her shoulders.

"I'll be in the kitchen drinking my cocoa," said Morag.

"Bring us some cocoa Morag," said Ruby, "please bring us some."

"Oh, alright, I'll bring you some up later, after you have finished with our guest."

Arif stripped off his clothes, climbed onto the big soft bed and knelt there. Lexi and Ruby climbed up next to him as Morag left the room.

"Mmm, you do have a nice big cock," said Lexi as she caressed Arif's stiff eight inches with her finely boned slender fingers.

"Yours is nice too," replied Arif as he touched hers, watching as it stiffened and grow.

"What about mine?" Asked Ruby, who stood up and offered her cock to him.

Arif turned his head towards her and opened his mouth. Ruby let out a sigh as she felt his lips touch her foreskin. She pulled it back, revealing her little pink glans which Arif took in his mouth and began to suck on.

"You are leaking," giggled Lexi as she watched the pre cum drip from Arif's twitching cock, "I do that sometimes."

Arif moaned with pleasure as he felt Lexi's fingers grip his shaft and begin to rub up and down it. He sucked harder on Ruby's cock which had stiffened in his mouth.

"Ooooh, I'm coming," moaned Ruby as she started to ejaculate.

Several squirts of hot sticky liquid flooded into Arif's mouth. It was thick and tasted salty, but not too unpleasant and he swallowed it down easily.

"Will you do that to me as well?" Asked Lexi.

"Yes," replied Arif, "lay down on your back."

Lexi let go of Arif's cock and lay back on the bed. Arif looked at her stiff little cock which was about the size of a grown man's middle finger, possibly a little thicker, as it stood up from her body, foreskin peeled back, awaiting his attention.

"Mmmm," she murmured as he leaned down, took it in his mouth and began to suck on it.

Arif put his forefinger to her slit and wriggled it in between her little pink piss flaps. She moaned loudly as she felt his finger slip inside her.

"I think she likes that" chuckled Ruby as she knelt beside them and watched.

Lexi's hips began to buck and she gripped the big soft duvet with her fingers as she felt herself near her climax. The dual sensation of having her cock sucked and her vagina stimulated by Arif's finger was giving her the sexual high she craved.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" She cried out as her cock began to ejaculate and her vagina began to contract.

Arif smiled to himself as he felt her cock shoot spunk into his mouth and her cunt squeeze his finger in a series of little pulses.

"Oh, she's turned all red," said Ruby as she watched Lexi blush.

"Oh my goodness!" exclaimed Lexi as she kept coming, "oh my goodness!"

Eventually, Lexi stopped squirting spunk from her cock and juice from her cunt. Arif pulled his finger from her cunt and took his mouth away from her softening cock. He knelt up and looked down at her, a smile on his face.

"Fuck me," said Ruby as she lay next to Lexi and spread her legs wide, holding her little cock and balls out of the way of her opening.

Arif put his finger to her to ensure that she was ready for him. His finger slid inside her dripping wet cunt with ease. He knelt between her thighs and lowered himself onto her, his cock sliding up inside her as easily as his finger had.

"Oooh, Arif," she moaned as she felt him fill her.

Arif plunged in and out of her rapidly, his ardour was up and he was desperate to come. Ruby put her arms around him and pulled him down onto her as she exulted in the feeling of a man's big stiff cock inside her.

"Oh!" Cried Arif a minute later.

"Ooooooh!" Cried Ruby at the same time.

Arif shot off a load for the third time that evening, filling Ruby's tight wet cunt with his seed. She in turn had an intense orgasm, her vaginal contractions among the strongest she had ever experienced.

"That was amazing!" Said Arif a minute later as he lay between the two young women, an arm around each of them.

"Yes," agreed Ruby, "it was fun, wasn't it."

"Here's your cocoa," said Morag as she came back into the room carrying a tray of mugs containing the hot beverage.

Arif took his arms away and slid off the bed to relieve Morag of the tray. As he handed Lexi and Ruby their drinks Morag let her dressing gown slip from her shoulders and fall to the floor. He turned back to face her and sighed as he gazed upon her naked body.

"Is there any left for me?" She asked in a sultry voice.

"I may not be able to for a while," Arif replied.

"We can keep you entertained while you wait, auntie," suggested Ruby.

"Come on then," said Morag as she climbed onto the bed and lay between them, "drink your cocoa and then you can amuse me while I wait for Arif to recover."

Arif sat in a high-backed armchair facing the big soft bed and looked at the three women in front of him, two innocently sipping their bed-time drinks, the third with a hand on each of their little cocks, gently rubbing them to stiffness.
