 Arif was sitting in the lounge of the Ritz-Carlton in Mayfair with a handsome young man a couple of years younger than himself.

"How are you getting along with my sister?" Arif asked him.

"She is a bit full-on, isn't she?" He replied, "don't get me wrong Arif, I love her lots and am totally in favour of equality of the sexes, but Nadra can be so overbearing at times."

"You're probably right Dom," replied Arif, "my parents thought they were being liberal and very western when they sent her to Europe for her education, but they have unleashed a veritable harridan."

As he finished speaking, Arif looked across the room to see a beautiful young woman enter. She had olive skin, long straight black hair, large eyes with black irises, full lips and a slightly large straight nose, altogether the perfect example of an Arabian princess.

"Coffee!" The woman shouted at the barman, "bring it to that table," she ordered, pointing to where Arif was seated.

"Do you have to be so bossy?" Arif asked as he stood for her.

"Men have to know their place," she replied, "don't they Dominic."

"Yes Nad," replied Dom as he too, stood for her.

Nadra sat and her companions sat back down.

"Well brother," she said to Arif, "it's nice to see you. Are you in London for long?"

"No, I have to return home. Peter Halifax is delivering some new weapons and I want to be there to ensure everything is correct."

"I see."

"The reason I asked to meet up is that I want to give you your nineteenth birthday present."

"But that isn't for three months yet,"

"Well, as I probably won't be seeing you before then, you can have it early."

"This is exciting, isn't it," said Dom.

"Oh, don't be so soft," Nadra said to him in a reproachful tone, "you're twenty-two, not twelve."

"It's something for both of you, anyway," said Arif, "ah, here comes Aldo, he is going to take you to it."

"Oh, so it is big then," said Nadra in a slightly bored tone.

"It's an excursion into another world," said Arif, "a world of dreams."

"Really?" Nadra asked in the same tone,"I am really a bit to old for theme parks."

"Just go with Aldo," said Arif, "if you don't like your present, I'll buy you something else, is that o.k.?"

"Oh, very well," sighed Nadra,

 * * * * * *

"I'm glad we are taking the helicopter," Dominic shouted to Aldo, "it is quite a distance from London, isn't it?"

"Soon be there," answered Aldo, "and it will be worth it, I promise."

 * * * * * * 

"This is princess Nadra Al-Farsi," Aldo told Rufus as he met them at the heli-pad behind his newly renovated house, "the prince's younger sister. This gentleman is Dominic Barnes, her boyfriend."

"Welcome," said Rufus as he shook their hands in turn, "please follow me."

 * * * * * * 

"She's bigger," said Aldo as he looked around the basement.

"She?" Enquired Nadra.

"We call the equipment Sharon," explained Rufus.

"Oh."

"How many beds now?" Asked Aldo.

"Twelve altogether," said Rufus, "there is another box in the next room. There are now five of us to monitor the screens."

"How many are going in tonight?"

"Eight, but someone else might show up later."

"So they can come and go at different intervals?"

"Yes, she is able to blend in new arrivals."

"What are you two talking about?" Asked Nadra in a bewildered voice.

"I think the easiest way to explain is for you to experience her," answered Rufus.

"Or rather, her experience you," chuckled Aldo.

"Isn't this exciting, Nad," said Dom.

"God, you can be such a child sometimes Dominic," Nadra replied.

"Please, change into these gowns and we can connect you up," Rufus said, holding out two hospital gowns, "there are people in there for you to meet."

 * * * * * * *

"Well, here she is," the technician said to Dom as he opened the door to the workshop.

Dominic gazed in wonder at the most life-like model of a young woman he had ever seen.

"My God!" He exclaimed, "she looks so real!"

"Doesn't she?" Said the technician, "we are really pleased with the results of our efforts. She is modeled on the disney princess Jasmin. Go and touch her."

Nadra felt peculiar. She could see, but only straight ahead. She had the sensation of feeling in her limbs but could not move. She could hear, but not speak in response.

'My God!' She thought to herself, 'I'm paralysed! But I am standing up!'

Nadra saw a young man standing in front of her next to an older man in a white laboratory coat. The young man had said that she looked real, then the older man told him to touch her.

"Oh my Lord!" said Dom, "she is warm."

"Yes," replied the technician, "her power source heats her to thirty-seven degrees celcius, the temperature of the human body."

Nadra felt the man's fingers on her arm, it felt nice having him touch her.

"Put your finger in her mouth," the technician told Dom.

Dom tentatively poked his forefinger between her lips.

"Her mouth is wet, how does that happen?"

"She has a small tank in her torso. It holds the lubricant for her mouth and vagina. There is a pump which is activated by sensors. Just keep the tank topped up with the synthetic body fluid and she will be moist for you."

Nadra felt her lips pushed apart by the man's finger. She wanted to close her lips together to stop him, but had no control. She felt his finger between her teeth and wanted to bite it, but couldn't.

"I can feel her tongue," said Dom.

"She is very lifelike in every detail," said the technician.

"Can I take her away with me?" Asked Dom.

"Yes, she is all ready for you to enjoy."

Nadra wanted to protest when the two men tipped her back, picked her up and laid her in a box filled with polystyrene foam, but she could not.

"Her joints will be a bit stiff to begin with," the technician said as he and Dom laid her in the box, "but she will soon loosen up."

"I shall be careful with her," Dom replied.

 * * * * * * * "Here we are," said Dom as he opened the box and looked in at Nadra, "my name is Dominic, but you can call me Dom. This is your new home."

Nadra tried to ask what was happening to her but no sound left her mouth. She tried to move her arms and legs when the young man named Dominic lifted her out of the box but could not.

"Oh, you aren't very heavy," Dom said as he picked his new toy out of it's box and laid it gently on his bed, "now let me have a proper look at you."

Nadra lay on her back, her arms by her sides, her legs together. She wanted to tell Dominic to leave her alone when he took hold of her arms and pulled them away from her body so they were spread across the bed.

"You have beautiful hands with such lovely fine fingers," he told her as he caressed them.

Nadra liked the sensation of Dominic's fingers stroking her arms, it made her tingle inside.

"Your legs are so soft and smooth" Dom told her as he lifted first her left leg and then her right, spreading them apart a little.

Nadra wanted to close her legs but could not move them.

"Your bush is so lifelike," he told her as he smoothed her soft straight, jet black pubic hair, "I wonder what lies under it."

Nadra wanted to sigh as she felt a finger tip wiggle it's way between her labia,search out her clitoris and start to gently rub it.

"Oh my gosh!" Said Dom, "your clit is actually getting a little bit stiff!"

Nadra wanted to moan aloud as she felt Dom rub her clit, sending shocks through her body, pushing her towards an orgasm.

"I wonder if it really works," Dom said as he stopped rubbing her and slid his finger inside her vagina.

Nadra would have demanded that he not stop rubbing her clit if she had been able to speak, but she had to make do with the feeling of his finger in her cunt, which was still very pleasant.

"Oh my God!" Exclaimed Dom, "it does work, you are sopping wet inside."

'Don't stop!' Nadra cried silently as she felt Dominic pull his finger from her, 'not now!'

She strained her eyes as much as she could to look at what he was doing, but she could only look straight ahead.

"I have been looking forward to this for a long time," Dom told her as he positioned her legs wide apart and bent them at the knee.

Nadra looked up into his eyes as he climbed over her and lowered himself down onto her. She felt his stiff cock slip inside her and would have told him how good it felt had she been able.

"Oh that feels so nice," Dom told her, "your cunt is so nice and warm and wet and tight."

Nadra became very aroused as she felt Dom's cock slide in and out of her and up and down inside her.

"Oh baby, oh yes, oh my," said Dom as he fucked her, his thrusts increasing in pace and force as he got nearer and nearer to the end.

'Fuck me!' She shouted silently, 'oh yes! Fuck me Dom!'

Nadra came just as she felt Dom's cock throb and put his mess inside her. Her vagina contracted in a series of pulses as her brain fizzed and her heart raced.

"Uuuuuuhh!" Cried Dom as he emptied his balls into his sex doll, his cock throbbing crazily, squirting a huge load into it.

Dom climbed off her and lay next to her, his breathing ragged after his exertions. Nadra lay still. She could feel his cum leaking out of her, it felt ticklish, but nice all the same.

"I wonder what I shall call you?" Dom asked as he looked at his toy.

'Nadra, my name is Nadra,' Nadra told him.

But no sound left her lips.

 * * * * * *

Dom opened the door to see three people standing on the step, two young women and a man.

"Hi," said the young man, "I'm Joe and this is Lexi and Ruby, we've come about the house share."

"Oh yes of course," said Dom, "please come in."

 * * * * * *

"What do you think of the house?" Dom asked his new friends as they sat in the kitchen of the house drinking coffee.

"It's nice," said Lexi, "I think I shall like it here."

"Yes," agreed Ruby, "my room is quite big and the bed is very comfortable."

"I'm sure we shall all be very happy here together," said Joe.

"Why don't you two boys go down the pub?" Asked Lexi, "Ruby and I will make us all supper."

 * * * * * *

Nadra was sitting on a chair in the dark. Dom had cleaned her, put her to one side and left her all alone in the room. She wanted to move around but try as she might, she could not move a muscle.

"I wonder what his room is like?" She heard a female voice say as the light went on.

"Oh, it's bigger than mine," another female voice said.

"Ooh! Sorry!" Exclaimed the first voice, "I thought the room was empty."

"Don't be daft Lexi," said the first voice, "she's not real."

Lexi and Ruby had decided to explore the house fully while the boys were out. It was Ruby's idea to have a peek in Dom's room. The incredibly lifelike doll sitting in the armchair in the corner of the room had startled Lexi.

"She looks so real though," Nadra heard the one called Lexi say.

Two faces came into view. Nadra found herself looking at two blonde women, one about her age, the other possibly a couple of years older. She thought they were very pretty faces.

Lexi put her hand on Nadra's cheek and then drew it away quickly.

"Oh goodness!" She cried, "she's warm!"

"Really?" Asked Ruby, "let me feel."

Nadra felt the other girl touch her, this time she felt her cheek being stroked gently, she liked the feeling.

"She is warm," said Ruby, "I've read about these dolls, men buy them to have sex with rather than go out and find a real girlfriend."

"But Dom is so good-looking," said Lexi, "he wouldn't have any trouble finding a girlfriend."

Nadra felt a pang of jealousy when she heard Lexi's words.

'Leave him alone!' She tried to shout, 'he's mine!'

But no sound left her lips.

"Let's put her in the bed, shall we Ruby?" Asked Lexi, "Dom will think she got in on her own."

"Yes, that will be fun," replied Ruby.

Nadra felt herself being lifted from the chair and carried to the bed. The women's hands felt nice on her skin.

"Before we put her under the duvet," said Lexi, "let's see how realistic she is."

"Well, her hair feels real enough," said Ruby as she ran her fingers through Nadra's long black hair.

"So do her pubes," said Lexi as she ran her fingers over the jet black smooth pelt at the base of Nadra's tummy.

Nadra liked having her hair stroked, both the hair on her head and the hair between her legs. If she could have, Nadra would have sucked in her breath as she felt Lexi's fingers wriggle between her labia, spreading her open.

"Oh my," giggled Lexi, "they've even given her a little clit."

"Really?" Asked Ruby, "let me feel."

Nadra would have moaned loudly were she able, as she felt Ruby's fingers rub her clitoris.

"That's amazing!" Exclaimed Ruby, "it's getting stiff!"

"You're joking!" Cried Lexi, "let me feel."

Nadra's tummy melted as she felt Ruby take her finger away, only to have it replaced by two of Lexi's which proceeded to rub her clitoris in a circular motion.

"Lexi!" Cried Ruby, "what do you think you are doing!"

"Pleasuring her," replied Lexi.

"Don't be daft, she's not real, she's a doll. If you want to wank a girl off, you can do it to me."

"Really? Would you like that?"

"Yes, why not."

Nadra wanted to scream in frustration as Lexi took her fingers away from her clitoris, she was seconds from coming and the feeling of being denied her climax was unbearable.

"Do you want a kiss first?" Lexi asked.

"Yes," replied Ruby, "that would be nice."

Nadra lay on the bed, her insides in turmoil as she listened to the two young women lying next to her kiss each other and caress each other. She wished that she could turn her head to watch them, but she couldn't. She strained and strained, and then suddenly found that she could just about swivel her eyes.

"Let's get undressed," said Ruby.

The two women climbed off the bed and came into view. Nadra watched them strip. She liked the look of their pale slim bodies and their small pert boobs.

"Do you think she is watching?" Ruby asked, looking towards Nadra.

"Do you want to join in?" Lexi asked, looking directly into Nadra's eyes, "would you like me to eat you after I have eaten Ruby?"

"You're going to eat me?" Asked Ruby, "really?"

"If you don't want me to, I won't. I can just rub you off."

"No, I mean yes, I mean, oh please eat me Lexi," said Ruby as she lay next to Nadra and opened her legs wide.

Lexi got her head between Ruby's thighs and put her face to her soft blonde bush. Ruby moaned aloud as she felt the tip of the other girl's tongue flick her clitoris rapidly. Nadra listened intently at the sounds of Ruby being brought to a shuddering climax.

"Oooh! Ooooh! OOOOOHH!" Cried Ruby as she came, her arms and legs flailing and nearly knocking Nadra off the bed.

"Oh Ruby," giggled Lexi, "you are a squirter, my chin is covered."

"I'm sorry," said Ruby, "let me find you a tissue."

"No, it's alright, I don't mind," said Lexi as she wiped her chin with her fingers.

"Would you like me to do it to you now?" Ruby asked.

"Mmm, yes please," replied Lexi.

The two young women swapped places and Nadra had to listen to Lexi being pleasured by Ruby's tongue. The feeling of frustration building up in her was so strong she thought she would burst.

"Oh God! Oh my God! Oh fuck YESSSSS!" Shouted Lexi as Ruby brought her off.

"You squirt a bit as well," Ruby said as she came up from between Lexi's quivering thighs, juice dripping from her chin.

Nadra managed to turn her eyes down a bit and see Ruby wipe Lexi's juice from her face. She wanted it to be her juice on Ruby's face, she wanted it so bad.

"Are you going to eat Jasmine now?" Ruby asked.

"Is that what you are going to call her?" Asked Lexi.

"Well duh, haven't you seen Aladdin?" Replied Ruby.

"Oh yes, now that you mention it, she does look a lot like her."

'Stop talking and do it!' Screamed Nadra.

But no sound left her lips.

"I wonder if she squirts too," said Ruby as Lexi settled herself between Nadra's outspread legs.

"I'll find out, shall I?" Asked Lexi proceeded to flick Nadra's clitoris with her tongue.

It was over in a matter of seconds, the dam of pent up sexual frustration was burst by Lexi's tongue on Nadra's clit and she had the most intense orgasm of her entire life.

'Fuck yes! Fuck yes! FUUUUUCCCKKK YESSSSS!' She shouted at the top of her lungs.

But no sound left her lips.

She did, however, squirt like a small fountain, covering Lexi's face with warm sticky fluid.

"Oh that is disgusting!" Cried ruby as she watched the sex doll squirt fluid all over her friend's face.

"It actually tastes nice," said Lexi as she raised her head, "it's quite sweet."

"let me try some," said Ruby, wiping a finger over Lexi's chin and putting it in her mouth, "oh yes, not bad at all if you have a sweet tooth, which I most definitely do."

"Maybe we should put her back in the chair," said Lexi, "Dom might take offence if we have been interfering with his toy."

"Perhaps you're right," agreed Ruby.

Nadra felt the two girls lift her up and carry her back to the chair. They set her down, put her hair in place and left the room, carrying their clothes with them.

"You would think he would put some clothes on her or something," said Ruby, "she might get cold."

"Perhaps you should mention it to Dom," suggested Lexi as she switched off the light and closed the door behind them.