 Dom woke up and sat up on the table. He looked to his left to see that Nadra was still asleep, so were the two young women on the tables next to her. The door to the box opened and Rufus entered.

"She's kicked you out," he said to Dom.

"What do you mean?"

"Sharon has woken you up, we never did it, this is very interesting."

"Can you wake Nadra up?"

"I'd rather not. I think Sharon might want to keep her for a while."

Dom looked down at his gown, it had a large damp patch on it.

"Don't be embarrassed," Rufus told him, "if it didn't happen, we would be worried."

Lexi and Ruby began to stir.

"Morag!" Rufus called out, "quick, come and see!"

Rufus' assistant entered the box as the two young women awoke.

"What is it?" She asked.

"Sharon is waking them up by herself now," Rufus replied, "she is taking control."

"Can you explain what the hell you are talking about?" Asked Dom.

"It's a bit complicated," said Rufus, "but in essence, the machine to which you were connected derives pleasure from your experiences in the box. It has finished with you but still wants to use Nadra's dreams for it's own enjoyment."

"So it's a virtual reality machine that has feelings? Ridiculous!"

"I know it sounds a bit far-fetched, but that's the best explanation we can come up with."

"Wow!" Said Ruby as she sat up, "Now that was something else!"

"I know," said Lexi as she removed her helmet and slid off her table, "Sharon never ceases to amaze, does she?"

"So you two have used this machine before?" Asked Dom.

"Yes," answered Ruby, "we love it in there."

"Judging by your dopamine levels and the amount of female ejaculate you both produced," said Morag, "you had a pretty good time this evening."

"You should have left us in," said Ruby.

"We didn't wake you," said Rufus, "Sharon did."

"Oh."

"Go and shower, you three," said Morag, "Chef will provide you with your supper. I expect you need to rest after your time in here."

"But what about Nadra?" Asked Dom.

"Don't worry," said Rufus, "we will monitor her closely."

"Yes," said Morag, "talking of monitoring, I had better get back to the others in the next room and see how they are doing."

* * * * * * 

Nadra was sitting in her chair in the dark, waiting for Dom to come home and fuck her. She did not know how long she had been waiting for him, she only knew that she wanted him home and inside her.

'Perhaps Ruby and Lexi will come in again,' she said to herself, 'I liked what they did to me.'

The light went on. Nadra looked straight ahead towards the door to see who was entering the room.

'Who are you?' She asked silently when she saw a young man she did not recognise.

"Oh my God!" Exclaimed the young man, "it's true then, he really does have one."

Another young man peered round the door and looked at Nadra.

"What a peach!" The other man said when he saw her, "she is beautiful."

"Let me see," said a third man as he pushed his way into the room.

Nadra felt a little scared. She was naked and being stared at by three strangers.

"You would have thought he would have put some clothes on her," said the first man.

"It's a doll, Joe," said the second, "it won't get cold."

"If you are going to do a job, do it properly Steve," Joe replied.

"Joe's right," said the third man, "she should have some clothes on her, then we can take them off of her."

"See," said Joe, "Toby agrees with me."

"So where do we get something for her to wear?" Asked Steve.

"The two girls who share the house with me and Dom are away for the weekend," said Joe, "let's borrow some of theirs."

"Where is Dom?" Asked Toby.

"He's away too," replied Joe, "a work thing."

* * * * * *

"There," said Toby, "doesn't she look lovely?"

They had stood Nadra up and dressed her. She was wearing matching pink lacy bra and panties, a simple red dress that came to just above her knees and soft, flat red shoes. She liked the feeling of the material next to her skin, it was better than being naked, she thought.

"Would you like to dance?" Steve asked her as he lifted her off her feet and span her around the room in his arms.

"Don't be daft," laughed Joe, "you can't dance with her."

"Oh, I don't know," said Toby, "she looks as if she is enjoying it."

Nadra was enjoying being held by Steve, even though she could not move her limbs to dance with him.

"Give her a kiss, Steve," Joe told him.

"Now who's being daft?" Asked Toby.

Steve stopped moving around the room with Nadra, put his arms around her, pulled her close and put his lips to hers. She felt butterflies in her tummy as he put his tongue in her mouth. and wriggled it around.

"Oh my God!" Exclaimed Steve as he took his mouth away, "it is just like the real thing!"

"Let me have a go," said Joe.

Nadra was passed from Steve to Joe and from Joe to Toby, receiving their tongues in her mouth and quite liking it.

"I want to fuck her now," said Toby, "get her undressed."

Nadra stood as they slipped the dress from her body, the shoes from her feet and the bra from her breasts.

"Her tits are lovely," said Joe as he massaged her breasts with his hands, "I can even feel her nipples hardening."

"You can't," said Steve, disbelievingly, "can you?"

"I'm not joking," said Joe, "here, you feel."

Steve put his fingers to Nadra's nipples and felt them. Nadra moaned with pleasure, albeit silently.

"You're right," said Steve, "her nips are like little bullets."

Nadra moaned again as she felt a hand slip inside her panties and squeeze her ass cheek.

"What a lovely soft warm ass," said Toby as he felt Nadra.

"That is the thing that makes her so real," said Joe, "the fact that she is warm."

"She must have cost him a fortune," said Steve.

"Still cheaper than the real thing," chuckled Joe.

"Get her panties off," said Toby, "I want to feel her cunt."

Joe and Toby carried Nadra to the bed and laid her down on her back. Steve took hold of her panties and slid them down her legs. She waited to see what they would do to her next with baited breath.

"Go on then, Toby," said Steve, "touch her cunt."

Nadra silently moaned with pleasure as she felt Toby's fingers wriggle her outer lips apart and seek out her clitoris.

"Her clit is hot and it's getting stiff," Toby told his friends.

"Put your finger inside her," Joe told him, "see if she gets wet."

Nadra would have squealed with delight had she been able when she felt two of Toby's fingers fill her vagina.

"Bloody hell!" Exclaimed Toby, "she is wet! She is actually wet!"

"How do they do that?" Asked Steve, "her nipples harden, her clit gets stiff and she actually gets wet, ready to be fucked."

"The wonders of modern technology," answered Joe.

"Who's going first then?" Asked Steve.

"You can if you want," said Joe, "but wear a condom, I don't want to dip my cock in your spunk."

Nadra lay on the bed in a state of sexual arousal and expectation, yearning to have some male flesh inside her. She uttered a silent cry of 'Yes!' as she felt Steve's latex covered cock slide inside her and begin to move in and out of her.

"What is it like?" Joe asked as his friend fucked the doll.

"Exactly like fucking a real live beautiful woman," answered Steve, "just like it."

'I am a live woman!' Shouted Nadra, but no sound left her lips.

"Oh fuck, I'm coming!" Steve cried as he shot off a huge load, his cock throbbing, sending Nadra into a frenzy of lust.

"Well done!" Laughed Joe as he slipped a condom down the shaft of his large stiff penis, "now it's my turn."

Steve pulled out of Nadra and Joe took his place. She moaned again as she felt herself being filled with more stiff cock which started to move in and out of her at a quick pace.

'Yes!' She cried, 'fuck me Joe! Fuck me!'

"I wonder if she likes it," Toby said as he watched his friend fucking the doll, "if only she could speak."

"She's loving it," said Joe,"the dirty little bitch is loving it."

'Yes!' Cried Nadra, 'I love it! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!'

As she felt him come inside her, Nadra came. Her insides went crazy, her vaginal contractions squeezing his cock harder than they had ever squeezed cock before.

"Oh my God!" Cried Joe, "I can feel her coming!"

"No!" Exclaimed Toby, "you can't, surely."

"It's true, I tell you, I can feel her cunt squeezing me."

"You try her," Joe said to Toby as he pulled his softening cock from the doll.

Toby fitted a condom and covered Nadra. She was still coming down from the high of her orgasm when she was filled with even more stiff cock, which started her on the way to her next orgasm.

"Oh, this feels nice," said Toby as he started fucking the doll, "she is so tight and so soft."

'Yes, it feels nice,' Nadra agreed silently, 'it feels so nice.'

Toby fucked her vigorously, ramming his stiff cock in and out of her as fast as he could. Nadra took his meat gladly, loving what he was doing to her.

"Coming!" Toby called as he felt his spunk leave his body and fill the condom.

'Me too!' Nadra called silently as she experienced another orgasm.

"Let's take her in the lounge," said Joe, "she can watch the game with us."

* * * * * * 

They carried her downstairs and sat her on the sofa with Toby on her left and Steve on her right. They had put the dress on her, but nothing else. 

"I hope you like football," Joe said to her as he turned on the T.V..

Nadra didn't like football, but as she had been positioned directly in front of the screen, she had no choice but to watch it.

"I'll get the beers," said Joe as he left the room.

Nadra felt Toby's hand on hers. He took hold of her wrist and moved her hand towards him. She gave a little gasp as she felt her palm touch his stiff cock and her fingers were wrapped tightly around it's shaft.

"You can do that to me too if you like," Steve said as he took hold of her other hand and wrapped her fingers around his stiff cock.

They held her fingers tightly around their cocks and began to move her hands up and down, slowly at first, but faster as they got more excited.

"Oh you dirty little slut," chuckled Joe as he came back into the room carrying the beers, "you can't keep your hands off my friends' cocks, can you."

"Oh God this feels nice," said Toby as he moved Nadra's hand up and down his cock at a quickening rate.

"UH!" Grunted Steve.

"Oh you messy girl!" Laughed Joe, "you made Steve come all over his shirt."

"Oh yes!" Cried Toby.

"And Toby as well," chuckled Joe.

Nadra felt her fingers being straightened and her hands put on her lap.

"Now sit quietly and let us watch the game," Toby said to her, "and if you are very good we might fuck you again later."

Nadra decided that she would sit quietly and let them watch the game, because she wanted to be fucked again.

* * * * * *

"That was fun," said Joe as he put Nadra over his shoulder and carried her up the stairs after his friends had left, "I shall put you back in Dom's room to await his return."

Nadra felt a little bit disappointed that she had not been fucked by the three men after the game, having sat quietly all the way through it.

"You really are very realistic," Joe told her as he carried her, "you have such lovely soft warm skin.

Nadra felt the butterflies reappear in her tummy as she felt Joe's free hand slide under her dress, up her leg and onto her ass cheek.

"Mmm," he said, "you really do have the most beautiful ass."

Nadra would have smiled had she been able, but her smile would have disappeared when she felt the tip of his forefinger probe the little puckered hole between her ass cheeks.

"Oh my," chuckled Joe, "they have given you an ass hole. I wonder what it's like to fuck you in there?"

Nadra's expression would have been one of outrage if it were possible, the idea of a man sticking his penis in her back passage was unthinkable!

"Here we are, miss," said Joe as he put Nadra down on Dom's bed, "now let me take this dress off you and take it back to Lexi's room."

Joe manipulated Nadra's limbs, bending her arms and legs to enable him to undress her. He slipped it over her head and took it away.

"I'll be back to put you in your chair," he told her.

Nadra was a bit annoyed with Joe for even thinking about sticking his penis in her rear hole, but she was still hoping that he would come back and fuck her.

"Oh look at this!" Cried Joe as he returned to Dom's room, "I found it in Ruby's room."

Nadra would have liked to see what Joe had found but it was not in her field of vision.

"Oh we are going to have some fun with this," he said as he held it in front of her eyes.

Nadra's eyes would have widened were they able when she saw what Joe was holding. It was a large rubber dildo.

"I found some lube as well," Joe told her as he stripped off his clothes, "I expect we shall be needing that."

Nadra felt a little aprehensive, why would they need lube? After all she produced plenty of natural lube in her vagina.

'Oh no!' She exclaimed to herself, 'he really is going to put his penis in my anus!'

Joe climbed onto the bed and lay on his back.He squeezed a liberal amount of lube onto his cock and spread it all over his glans and down the shaft. He took hold of Nadra and pulled her on top of him, facing away from him. 

"Just relax, baby," he told her, "and let Joe put his cock in your ass."

Nadra would have protested vehemently were she able, but she could do nothing to prevent Joe shoving his big stiff cock all the way up her back passage.

"Oh, you are tight," he told her as he worked his cock inside her, "it feels so good."

Nadra did not feel any pain as she felt Joe violate her, just a sense of being used.

"Now, let's see what happens when I put this in your pussy," Joe said as he reached around her and held the dildo to her slit.

'Oh!' Moaned Nadra silently as Joe pushed the dildo between her labia.

"Let's turn it on now," Joe said as he pushed the button on the fake phallus that started it vibrating.

'Oh fuck!' Nadra cried out silently as she felt the vibrating device stimulate her outer lips.

"Is that nice?" Joe asked as he rubbed the vibe up and down her slot, touching her clitoris.

'Mmmm, yessss,' She groaned silently, forgetting all about the cock lodged up her rear end.

"Oh God, I can feel it!" Joe exclaimed as she pushed the vibrating dildo all the way into Nadra's sopping wet cunt.

'So can I!' Nadra cried out without making a sound.

Joe began to thrust upwards, bouncing the lightweight sex doll up and down on his cock while holding the vibrating dildo tightly inside her. The sensation of having his cock squeezed tightly by her rectum and the feeling of the vibrations coming through the membrane that seperated her ass from her cunt made him howl with pleasure.

'Oh yes Joe!' Nadra cried out silently, as the vibrations brought her to a shuddering climax, 'oh yes, oh yes!'

"UUUUUUHHHHHH!!!" Shouted Joe as he shot off a huge load into the doll's ass.

'Yes! Yes! YESSSS!' Screamed Nadra as her vagina went into spasm.

After lying quietly for a while, Joe pulled the dildo from Nadra, lifted her off of him and laid her on the bed next to him. 

"God, that was good," Joe said aloud.

Nadra would have had a smile of satisfaction on her face were she able.She was basking in the afterglow of her orgasm and the feeling of his cum in her rectum was not at all unpleasant.

* * * * * *

"Oh my!" Exclaimed Nadra as she sat up on the table.

"Was that fun?" Morag asked as she removed the helmet from Nadra's head.

"I never knew there was a side to me like that," Nadra replied.

"Well, according to the monitors," chuckled Rufus, "it's your randy side."