 Arif was bored, he was tired of sitting amongst piles of gold waiting for something to happen.

"One day," he said aloud, "I shall get out of this place."

Suddenly, a strange feeling came over him. He looked down to see his feet turn to dust, followed by his legs.

"At last!" He cried out as he sank to the floor in a heap.

Arif felt himself being sucked up into the air. He swirled around and headed upwards, towards a bright light.

"Shazam!" He shouted as he re-formed, standing proudly on firm ground, legs apart, hands on hips, "who has summoned me from the lamp?"

Arif looked in front of him to see a young woman. She was different to the women he was used to. Where her hair should have been black it was a sort of pale golden colour. Where her breasts should have been full and bountiful they were small. Where her hips should have been round and fulsome they were slim, almost like a boy's.

"Fuck me!" Cried the young woman.

"You wish is my command!" Arif replied in his booming voice.

Arif snapped his fingers and with a flash and a bang, both he and the blonde were naked.

"No, I didn't mean it literally," said the blonde as she looked at first his, and then her own naked body.

But Arif had not been with a woman for over a thousand years and the sight of her beautiful young slender body had aroused him. Twelve inches of prime genie meat began to stiffen and a teardrop of pre cum dripped from it's glans.

"Oh that's big!" Exclaimed the blonde when she saw Arif's erection standing out from his body.

"Fear not," Arif replied, "for it is magical."

He stepped forward, took the woman in his arms, picked her up and laid her on the floor. Despite having a worried look on her face, she instinctively opened her legs for him. Arif covered her and lowered his body onto hers.

"Oh, my, God!" Cried the woman as Arif's cock slipped effortlessly inside her.

"Hmmm, you are nice and wet," Arif told her, "a fine example of a woman."

"It feels wonderful," she replied, "I was worried that I would be too small for you."

"As I told you, it is magical."

With that, Arif began to fuck the young blonde. He was keen to release his pent up frustration and his thrusts were fast and forceful.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh my God yes!" She cried out as she received a severe shagging.

"Aaah," grunted Arif, "it feels so good to be inside a woman after all this time."

Arif's vigorous action brought both himself and the blonde to a blistering climax in only a couple of minutes.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! OH YESSSSS!" She shouted as she experienced a monumental orgasm.

"UUUUUUUUHHH!" Cried Arif as he began to empty his turgid, brim-full balls.

Eventually the blonde came down from the high of her orgasm and lay still. 

"Are you still coming?" She asked as Arif lay over her, his cock still lodged inside her.

"Mmmmm, yes," he replied as he kept pumping spunk into her.

"Bloody hell, how much do you produce?"

"No more than any other genie."

"Are you telling me that you're a genie?"

"I am Arif, the most powerful genie in all of Arabia."

Finally, he stopped ejaculating and his cock softened. He pulled out of her and stood up, adopting his stance of legs apart, hands on hips.

"Fucking hell!" Exclaimed the blonde, "there's a fucking river of the stuff running out of me!"

"Where is this place?" Arif asked as he looked around.

"My kitchen," the blonde replied, "well, the kitchen in the house that I live in."

"I do not recognise many of the items in it," said Arif.

"Forget about the bloody kitchen untensils!" The blonde said in a loud voice, "what about all this spunk on the floor?"

Arif snapped his fingers and with a flash and a bang both he and the blonde were dressed as they had been and the floor was spotless.

"Fu -, no, sorry, I did not want to say that," said the blonde, "you might do it to me again."

"You have used one wish," said Arif, "what is your second?"

"I didn't make a wish," replied the blonde.

"Well it sounded like a wish to me."

"Can I have lots of money?"

"Is that your second wish?"

"Yes."

"Then so be it!"

"Ruby!" Came a shout from outside of the room, "come quick!"

"Wait here," the blonde told Arif as she headed for the door.

 * * * * * 

"What is it Lexi?" Ruby asked as she went into the living room where her friend was sitting.

"Your lottery ticket!" Lexi replied, "it's the winning ticket!"

"That's funny," said Ruby, "I'm sure I checked it on Saturday and I only had one number."

"Well I have justed checked it again," said Lexi, "and you have definitely won the jackpot!"

"Oh fuck!" Exclaimed Ruby, "he really is a genie and he has granted my second wish!"

"What?" Asked Lexi.

"You remember that old copper lamp I bought in the junk shop."

"Yes. I told you it was a waste of money."

"Well, I thought I would clean it up. I took it into the kitchen to polish it, gave it a rub and a genie came out of it."

"Fuck off, stop being stupid."

"Come and see for yourself."

Lexi got up from her chair and followed Ruby to the kitchen where Arif was wandering around inspecting various items.

"See?" Said Ruby.

"Who are you?" Lexi asked Arif.

"I am Arif, the most powerful genie in all of Arabia," Arif replied, "I was imprisoned in a lamp by an evil sorcerer, but the woman with the boy's body freed me."

"Oy!" Cried Ruby, "what do you mean, boy's body?"

"He obviously goes for the voluptuous type," Lexi told her.

"He won't fancy you then," Ruby replied.

"If you two would stop bickering and tell me where I am, I would be grateful," Arif said to them.

"You're in England," said Lexi.

"I have no idea where that is," Arif replied, "what year is this?"

"Twenty-fifteen."

"I have been in the lamp for over a thousand years," Arif said quietly, "long enough for him not to come looking for me."

"Who's going to come looking for you?" Asked Ruby.

"The wizard. If he found out that I had been released, he would seek me out and return me to my prison."

"Won't he be dead by now?" Asked Lexi.

"Well, I'm not," replied Arif.

"You two stay here and chat," said Ruby, "I'm off to claim my money."

Ruby left the kitchen.

"So," said Lexi, "you're a genie, are you?"

"Yes," replied Arif.

"So you can do magic and stuff."

"I can."

"Show me some."

Arif snapped his fingers and once again he was naked, so too was Lexi.

"Oh God, that's big!" She exclaimed when she saw his cock, which was steadily achieving an erect state.

Arif stepped towards her, picked her up and plonked her down on the end of the kitchen table. He took hold of her ankles and lifted them into the air. Lexi fell backwards onto the table top, a worried look on her face.

"I have a yearning to taste pussy," Arif said as he squatted in front of the table.

"Oooh!" Cried Lexi as she felt his tongue make contact with her labia.

Arif wriggled his tongue between her outer lips and licked around inside her. Lexi moaned aloud as she felt the delicious sensation of having a tongue in her cunt.

"Yes, there!" She cried, "oh yes, that's it!"

Arif's tongue went unerringly to all the right places, stimulating Lexi's vagina to bring her to a shuddering climax.

"Ooooh! Oooooh! OOOOOOOHHHH!" She shouted as she had an intense orgasm.

"You squirt copiously," Arif told her as he came up from between her quivering legs and wiped his chin with his hand.

"Where did you learn to do that?" Lexi enquired breathlessly.

"I think I shall plunder your wet hole now," Arif said by way of reply, ignoring lexi's question.

"Oh God!" Cried lexi, as she felt Arif's big stiff cock slip inside her, "oh that feels so nice!"

Arif got on the balls of his feet and began to thrust his hips rapidly. His cock went up and down in Lexi's cunt like a piston in a cylinder, a well lubricated cylinder.

"Yes,yes,yes,yes!" Cried lexi as she received the best shagging of her life.

"Uh,uh,uh,uh," grunted Arif as he banged away in her, making the table judder and skip across the kitchen.

"OH YESSSS!" Shouted Lexi as the cock being rammed in and out of her body brought her to a shuddering climax.

"UUUUUUHHH!" Shouted Arif as he shot off another huge load.

After he had finished filling Lexi with his spunk, Arif pulled out and stood back. He gazed at her, legs dangling off the table, hair dishevelled, fingers gripping the table top, and smiled.

"Do all the women in England have hair the colour of straw, and bodies like young men?" He asked.

"No," replied Lexi, "but a lot of them wish they did."

"I should like to meet some of them, those that have more curves."

"I can feel a river of spunk running out of me."

Arif snapped his fingers and the two of them were returned to the state they had been in before the fucking had taken place.

"Now that is magic," said Lexi as she stood fully dressed and empty of Arif's cum.

"Just as if it had never happened?" Asked Arif, a wicked grin on his face.

"Oh no," replied Lexi, smiling contentedly, "not just as if it never happened, definitely not."

 * * * * * *

Ruby stood on the balcony of her riverside apartment and smiled contentedly, she had spent some of her windfall wisely, she thought to herself.

"What are you doing today?" Lexi asked as she joined her friend and gazed at the boats moving up and down the thames.

"I am taking Arif shopping," Ruby answered, "he can't go around dressed as a pantomime genie all the time."

 * * * * *

Sheila Lucas stopped her cab outside of the apartment block and watched as her fare walked towards her.

"Cab for Irons," she said through the open window.

"Yes, that's us," replied the young blonde.

Sheila looked at the young man accompanying the blonde, he was insanely handsome in her eyes, but looked a little silly to be going out in broad daylight dressed like Alladin.

"Where to?" Sheila asked as the young couple sat themselves in the back of her cab.

"Knightsbridge," replied the blonde.

"Going to a party?" Sheila asked.

"Sort of," Ruby replied.

"You are a beauty," Arif said to Sheila, "what do they call you?"

"Er, Sheila," she replied, somewhat taken aback by his rather forward question.

"Excuse my friend," said Ruby, "he is not from round here."

"I would like to take you to my tent," Arif said to Sheila.

"I think that means he likes you," Ruby put in.

"Well, tell him that I am very flattered," said Sheila, "but it's a bit cold for tents."

 * * * * * * 

A couple of hours after Sheila had dropped Ruby and Arif in Knightsbridge, the genie was attired in more modest dress. Ruby had advised him on what a young gentleman wore in modern Britain and he looked very fetching in his new shirt, jacket and trousers.

"Time for lunch," she told him as she stopped outside of a restaurant.

Arif opened the door and Ruby walked inside. A waitress showed them to a table and handed them menus, all the while smiling at Arif.

"I think she fancies you," Ruby told him quietly as the waitress walked away from their table.

"She is a beauty," he replied, "I should like her in my tent."

"I'm guessing this 'tent' is where you do your shagging."

"What is 'shagging'?"

"You know, making love, copulating, fucking."

"Ah yes, I understand. Yes, my tent is where I keep my wives."

"So that's your type is it? The curvy type."

"Forgive me, mistress, but as fine as you are, you do want for a little flesh."

* * * * * * *

Sophia's heart had skipped a beat when she saw the young man enter the restaurant. He was, in her eyes, the most handsome man she had ever seen. But looking at the skinny girl he was with gave her the impression that he would not find her attractive.

'Why do the good looking ones always go for women who starve themselves?' She asked herself silently as she handed him his menu.

"Two lasagne please," Ruby told Sophia when she returned to take their order.

'I bet she leaves most of it,' Sophia thought to herself.

But she was wrong, Ruby ate ravenously, clearing her plate completely.

"Come on then Arry," Ruby said as she paid the bill, "we shall visit a few more shops and then it's off home."

Sophia watched as the couple got up and walked towards the door. The man opened the door for the woman, looked back at Sophia and smiled. Sophia felt her panties moisten as she looked into his eyes.

 * * * * * *

"Oh, hello again," said Ruby as the cab she had hailed turned out to be Sheila's.

"Hi," replied Sheila, "where to?"

"Back to where you picked us up this morning."

"Ah, fate," said Arif, "we were fated to meet again."

Sheila looked at the young man who was now dressed normally and she liked what she saw, liked it very much.

 * * * * * * * * * 

"Would you like to come in for a coffee?" Ruby asked Sheila as she got out of the cab, "I'm sure driving around all day must be quite tiring."

"O.k.," replied Sheila, "I would like that."

 * * * * * * * * 

"Stand still and let me inspect you," Arif said to Sheila as she stood in the spacious lounge of Ruby's spacious apartment.

"I'm sorry?" Asked Sheila in a bemused voice, "what did you say?"

"You will have to excuse him," said Ruby, "he is not from around here. I think he means he likes you."

Arif walked around Sheila and looked her up and down. She was about five foot six with thick black hair tied up in a bun. She had an ample bosom and full hips. Her lips were full and her eyes were brown.

"How old are you?" Arif asked.

"Thirty, but you should never ask a lady her age."

"Show me your hands."

Sheila instinctively held her hands out for Arif to inspect. He took hold of them and turned them over to look at both sides.

"They are soft," he said, "that is good."

"Yes, thanks," replied Sheila, pulling them away from Arif and putting them to her sides.

"Come to the kitchen and I'll make that coffee," said Ruby before Arif could say anything else embarrassing.

Sheila gave Arif her sternest look and walked past him, following Ruby into the kitchen.

"Where did you get him?" Sheila asked in a whisper, "chauvinists are us?"

"He does need a lesson in modern manners, doesn't he, but he has his uses."

"He is very handsome, are you two an item?"

"Not really."

"Would you mind if I?"

"No, not at all. I'll stay here, you go back into the lounge."

Sheila drank her coffee and walked back into the lounge where Arif was standing, waiting for her.

"Are you refreshed?" He asked.

"Er, yes thank you," she replied.

"Good, then let us continue."

With that, Arif snapped his fingers, and in an instant both he and Sheila were standing in the room stark naked.

"What!?" Exclaimed Sheila as she looked down at herself in amazement.

"You are a fine example of womanhood," said Arif as he gazed upon her.

Before she had a chance to say another word, Sheila found herself wrapped in Arif's arms with his lips pressed to hers. Her initial shock was soon replaced with a feeling of pleasure as the handsome young man kissed her expertly, prising her mouth open and putting his tongue in it. She could feel his large stiff penis press against the outside of her tummy as butterflies fluttered around inside it.

"Ah yes," said Arif as he took his mouth from hers, "it is good to kiss a real woman."

"OY!" Came an annoyed shout from the kitchen.

Arif picked Sheila up in his arms and plonked her down on the sofa. She leaned back and opened her legs in anticipation of what was about to be done to her.

"Oh!" She cried as Arif knelt in front of her, leaned forward and put his tongue to her vagina.

Sheila closed her eyes and concentrated on enjoying the feeling of a man's tongue work it's magic on her cunt. She had not been eaten out for a long while and it was something she loved having done to her.

'I don't know what is happening here,' she thought to herself as Arif's tongue flicked at her clitoris, 'but I am glad that it is.'

Five minutes of expert oral attention brought her to the most shuddering climax of her life so far. She opened her eyes wide, grabbed hold of the sofa with her fingers, squeezed Arif's head between her quivering thighs and let out an unholy squeal as she came, squirting juice from her twat as never before.

"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKK!" She cried, causing Ruby to come running into the room to see what was wrong.

"Oh, that looks fun," chuckled Ruby as she realised what had caused the ear-drum shattering sound that she had just heard.

Sheila's body was wracked by a series of convulsions and she continued to moan loudly as she kept coming.

"Don't suffocate him," said Ruby as she saw Arif's head clamped between Sheila's straining thighs.

Eventually Sheila came back to earth and released the genie from her grasp. Arif knelt back and took a deep breath.

"I've still got it," he said aloud to himself, "even after all this time."

"Oh God, that was good!" Cried Sheila, "no wonder she puts up with your rudeness."

"There is more," said Arif as he knelt up, shuffled forward and pushed his big stiff cock inside Sheila's soaking wet cunt.

"Oh yes!" Cried Sheila as she received the genie's meat, "oh fucking yes!"

Arif pushed his cock inside her up to the hilt and then pulled it out. Sheila wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him back inside her. The pair of them set up a rhythm and soon they were both engrossed in fucking the daylights out of each other. Ruby could feel her panties getting wet as she watched the genie and the cabby going at each other like knives.

"Coming, coming, commmmmmiinnggg!" Shouted Sheila as her vagina began to pulse.

"Oh yes, here it comes again," moaned Arif as he felt his seed rise.

Arif stopped thrusting as he began to pump yet another huge load out of his cock, filling Sheila's insides. She, on the other hand, kept pulling him into her, kicking at him with her heels just as if she were riding a horse and trying to get it to gallop.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" She shouted as she had yet another ridiculously intense orgasm.

This was more than Ruby could take. She stripped off her clothes and strode purposefully into the room.

"Get out of her and inside me!" She ordered the genie.

"Is that your third wish?" He asked.

"No it fucking is not!" She replied sternly, "it is a fucking order!"

Ruby sat on the sofa next to Sheila and spread her legs. Arif took his softening penis from the brunette, shuffled across and offered it to the sopping wet cunt of the blonde.

"Come on then!" Cried Ruby, "stick that monster in me!"

Arif pushed, but he was no longer stiff.

"Oh," he mumbled, "I am unable to penetrate you mistress."

"What!?" Cried Ruby, "I thought it was magical."

"I'm sorry mistress, but I may need a while to restore myself. I have serviced three of you already today."

"I'm not surprised he has nothing left in him after what he has put in me," said Sheila as she sat, legs wide apart, a river of thick creamy spunk running out of her and down the front of the sofa.

"Well I need to come, so get your head down there," said Ruby, pointing to her twat.

Arif obliged her by giving Ruby a good tonguing, licking her out, eating her pussy.

"Oh yes, good genie, Ruby likes that," moaned the young millionairess as she received the expert attention of the middle-eastern fairy-tale character.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Cried Ruby as she came, loving the exquisite sensation of coming by having her vagina stimulated by a tongue.

"He is very, very good at that, isn't he," said Sheila as she watched Ruby having her orgasm, "but why did you call him a 'good genie'?"

"Because he is one," replied Ruby.

"Yeah, right," said Sheila in a disbelieving tone.

 * * * * * * *

Sheila Lucas sat up on the table and opened her eyes wide.

"Oh my God!" She exclaimed, "I have never had a dream like that before!"
