 King Samir was talking to his brother.

"I want you to go to Europe and bring Arif home," he told him, "he has been away for long enough and I want the people to know that he is a sensible man, one who will be suitable to rule over them when I am gone."

"Very well, brother, but you will be on the throne for many years," replied Naji, Samir's younger brother.

"I am not feeling too well lately and would like him home all the same. Take Wafi with you, he likes Wafi and will be more easily persuaded by him than ordered by you."

"Can I take the Legacy?"

Naji loved flying around in his brother's private jet.

"Yes."

* * * * *

Jena served Naji and Wafi drinks as they sat in the comfortable seats in the passenger cabin of the royal jet. She was a little nervous as she had only been a stewardess for a couple of months and serving royalty was different from serving the great unwashed on a bargain holiday flight.

"Thank you my dear," said Naji as he took the lemonade from her, looking into her eyes, making her feel even more nervous.

Jena turned and served the man who was accompanying the king's brother. She thought him handsome for someone so stunted, dwarves did not usually look so normal.

"How old are you?" Wafi asked the girl, looking at her big brown eyes and then her large bust.

"Twenty," she replied.

"Mmm," said Wafi.

"Leave the poor thing alone Wafi," said Naji, "it's her first royal flight."

Jena blushed a little and went to sit in her place at the back of the cabin. She sat and thought about prince Naji, who, even though he was nearly fifty, still looked very attractive.

* * * * * * 

Morag answered the door to four people she did not recognise, all of them foreign.

"Hello," she said, "we were not expecting more guests."

"Good day madam," said one of them, a very handsome man, probably in his thirties. Then he indicated Naji, "this is prince Naji of the house of Al-Farsi. He believes that his nephew is staying here."

"You must mean Ari. Yes he is with us."

"I would like to see him," said Naji, "take me to him."

"Please come this way," said Morag.

* * * * * *

The basement was quiet, only Rufus was watching the monitors when Morag led the new arrivals down the steps to where Sharon was situated.

"This is Arif's uncle," she told him, indicating Naji.

"An honour," said Rufus, getting up from his stool and bowing.

"This is the royal pilot," Naji said, indicating the man who had first spoken to Morag, "this is the stewardess and the dwarf is Wafi."

"Pleased to meet you all," said Rufus.

"Where is my nephew?" Naji asked.

"In there," replied Rufus, pointing to where Arif was lying asleep on one of the tables in the perspex box.

"Is he ill?"

"Goodness no, he is sleeping. Sharon is letting him rest while he bulids up his strength."

"Who is this Sharon?"

"Let me explain."

So Rufus told Naji all about Sharon.

* * * * * * 

"I want you to stay here and make sure we are safe," Naji whispered to Bilel, the pilot, "any sign of trouble and you get us out of there."

"Yes sire," Bilel replied.

"Very well, professor Katz," Naji said to Rufus in a louder voice, " you may connect us up to your machine and we can communicate with Arif."

* * * * * * 

"We are about to close," Sophia said as she heard the door to the restaurant open.

She turned to see that it was the handsome young man from the day before who had just walked in.

"Forgive me," he said to her, "but I wanted to see you again."

"Oh."

"Is there somewhere we can go?"

"Excuse me?"

"I am told that yong women like to go places, to dance and suchlike."

"Er, yes, they do, I mean we do. I'll just get my coat and tell my boss that I'm leaving."

* * * * * * *

A couple of hours later, Sophia showed Arif into the studio flat where she lived.

"It's not much, but it's home," she told him as she took off her coat and hung it on a hook on the back of the door.

"I would like to have you now," Arif told her.

"Go on then," she replied.

Arif snapped his fingers and they were both naked. A look of surprise appeared on Sophia's face, but before she had a chance to speak Arif picked her up, carried her to the bed and plonked her down.

"Open your legs," he told her, "I want to feast on your sex."

"You are certainly direct," she replied as she did as she had been told.

Arif put his head between her outspread thighs and began to lick at her cunt. She sighed as she felt his tongue make contact with her clitoris.

"Oh Arif, oh yes," she murmured as he flicked her clit with his tongue, reached under her and squeezed her ass.

Sophia put her hands on his head and grabbed his hair. As she became more and more aroused she dug her nails into his scalp.

"Oh, oh, oh, oooooh!" She cried out as she felt his expert ministrations bring her off.

Sophia arched her back, threw her head back and howled loudly as she came, experiencing an intense orgasm, one she had been longing to have since she first saw the young man she now knew as Arif.

As she calmed down, Arif lifted his head from between her thighs. He smiled a lewd smile and climbed on top of her.

"Oh my!" She cried out as she felt herself being filled with his meaty cock, "oh my, oh my!"

Arif pushed it in and pulled it out rapidly, giving her something else that she had longed for, a bloody good shagging.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" She shouted as she felt his big cock gong in and out of her.

"You are a fine example of woman," he told her as he fucked her, "I think I might keep you."

"Yes, keep me!" She cried out as she came again, "I'm yours! I'm yours!"

Arif grunted and then began to fill Sophia's insides with a very copious amount of cum. She could feel his cock throb and each time it did she could feel more of his thick cream filling her up.

"Oh God yes!" She shouted as she felt her vagina contracting, squeezing the cock that was lodged deeply in her body.

Eventually she stopped coming and he stopped coming. He pulled out of her and lay next to her. She looked at him and smiled, he reciprocated.

* * * * * * *

"Lord! Lord!" Cried Wafi as he ran into Naji's palace, "the genie has been released!"

"What!? When!?" Exclaimed the wizard, "who has done such a thing?"

"I don't know who or when," replied Wafi, "all I know is that the all-seeing eye told the oracle that the genie has been released."

"If the sultan finds out that I did not kill the genie, only imprisoned him, he will have us executed."

"Us?"

"Well, me at least, but probably you as well, seeing as you helped me catch the genie in the first place and did not tell the sultan that I only put the genie in the lamp rather than cut him into pieces for the buzzards to feed on."

"Oh."

"We need to find him and put him back in the lamp."

"How are we going to do that?"

"We need to trap him, and as you know every trap needs bait. Go to the market and buy a woman, a young one, the sort he likes. We shall use her as the bait."

"Yes lord," said Wafi as he hurried out, a worried look on his face.

* * * * * * 

"I got this one," said Wafi as he led a young woman into Naji's palace.

"Let me look at her," Naji told his servant.

Wafi untied the belt of the cloak covering the woman and pulled it away. She was naked underneath and Naji feasted his eyes on her body.

"What is your name?" He asked.

"Jena," she replied.

"How old are you?"

"Twenty."

Naji looked her up and down. She was about five-four, with long wavy black hair, big brown eyes and a full mouth with pouty lips. Her breasts were large and her tummy flat, her hips and ass were round but not big and her legs were slim.

"Oh yes," Naji said softly, "you will do perfectly."

Naji stepped close to her and put his hands on her breasts. He squeezed them gently, feeling how firm they were. Jena felt her heart race as the old man's warm hands stimulated her.

"I thought you would find her acceptable," said Wafi as he watched his master roll Jena's nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.

"She must have cost me a pretty penny," Naji said as he left off tweaking Jena's nips and put his right hand down to her curly black bush.

"Five gold pieces," Wafi replied as he watched his master's fingers foraging around in that luxurious furry nest.

"A bargain," said Naji as he found what he was searching for, Jena's clitoris.

"Oh," she moaned as she felt the old man's finger rub her love-bud.

"Let's get you nice and wet," he told her in a gentle voice, "and then we can try you out properly."

"Yes sire," Jena replied in a husky voice, "you can try me out properly."

A couple of minutes of frigging her clit brought Jena to a shuddering climax. She thrust her hips forward, arched her back and groaned loudly as the contractions took hold. 

"Oh! Oh! Ooooh!" She cried out as she squirted over the marble floor of the wizard's palace.

"She enjoyed that master," said Wafi as he watched Jena climax.

"Yes, it seems so," agreed Naji.

Naji took Jena by the wrist and led her to his bedchamber. He stripped off his robe and lay on his bed, his big stiff cock standing proudly up from his hairy groin.

"Climb on top of me," he told Jena.

She did as ordered, straddling him and lowering herself onto him, moaning softly as she felt herself being filled by a good seven inches of stout wizard cock.

"What is she like master" Asked Wafi, who had followed them into the room.

"Warm and wet and tight," replied Naji, "just perfect."

Jena rolled her hips and ground down on Naji. He put his hands on her breasts and began to massage them as he thrust upwards, forcing himself as deeply inside her as he could.

"Oh master," she moaned, "oh, oh, oh."

Naji's thrusts became more insistent and Jena's hips rolled more quickly as they both aproached fullfilment. Wafi had his cock out and was stroking himself slowly as he watched the old man and the yong woman copulate.

"Oh! Oh! Oooooh!" Cried Jena for the second time that day as she had another orgasm.

"UUUUUUHHHH!" Cried Naji as he pumped a huge load of cum into her boiling body.

"Can I do her now master?" Asked Wafi.

"Very well," replied Naji, "but I must warn you that she is full of my seed."

"Perhaps I can make use of her other hole then?"

"Very well, but use the oil, I don't want her damaged."

A concerned look appeared on Jena's face when she heard the wizard's words, was the dwarf really going to penetrate her anus?

"Do not worry," Naji said to her when he saw her expression, "the oil will enable him to slip inside you with ease."

Naji took hold of her and rolled her off of him. He knelt up, rolled her onto her knees and pushed her face down onto the bed. Jena's ass was sticking up in the air and she gasped when she felt a couple of slippery fingers stroke her puckered ring.

"Relax," Naji said softly, "let Wafi put the oil in you."

Jena did as she was told and tried to relax. She took a deep breath and held it as she felt her bum hole being forced open by two of the dwarf's stubby fingers. 

"Oh!" She cried as Wafi's fingers coated her rectum with the lubricant.

"Sssh, there's a good girl," said Naji as he stroked her hair.

"OH!" She cried as she felt a hot stiff slimy object being forced inside her.

"Oh master," moaned Wafi as he pushed his cock inside Jena, "she is so tight."

Wafi was in heaven, the feeling of having his cock squuezed tightly by the girl's virgin ass was sheer bliss. He pushed gently yet determindly, easing his length into her with small thrusts of his hips.

"Uh, uh, uh," groaned Jena as she felt more and more cock slide up her back passage.

Eventually Wafi was balls-deep in Jena's ass. He may have been a short man, but he was not short in the cock department. Seven inches of thick dwarf meat was finally stuck up Jena.

"Be careful with her," said Naji, "I don't want her ripped."

"Yes master," replied Wafi as he began to pull his cock out and slide it back in Jena's stretched ass hole.

"Oh, oh," moaned Jena as she was buggered by the dwarf.

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes," moaned Wafi as he worked his cock in and out of the young woman.

After a minute or so Wafi let out a long low growl and stopped moving. Jena felt his cock throbbing inside her and a sensation of a hot fluid filling her colon became apparent.

"Oh Master, oh my," moaned Wafi as he shot his load.

"There you are," Naji said to Jena, "he's done. That wasn't so bad, was it?"

"No master," Jena replied, "it was not too painful."

In truth, Jena did not like what the dwarf had done to her, but she accepted that as the wizard';s possesion, she had to put up with it if he told her to.

Wafi pulled his softening cock slowly from Jena's ass, loving the feeling as it closed shut around his glans as it slid out.

"Now we must find the genie," said Naji, "and use Jena to get him back in the lamp."