 The iron portcullis to the outer walls surrounding the castle had slowly been winched up and Prince Gyllen came through riding on Snowcloud, his white mare, dressed in a navy blue hooded cloak over a sky blue doublet, beige breeches and a rapier at his side purely for cosmetic reasons with his blonde hair lightly flowing in the mild breeze. Following him were a gaggle of soldiers in clunky armour riding on inelegant geldings, among whom was Robert, the rookie who befriended Gyllen after becoming his bodyguard. The prince got to the grey stone steps that led up to the castle entrance before dismounting and letting the stable master take Snowcloud away. The enormous wooden doors were pushed open by two servants and out walked Queen Helio, husband of King Platina and mother of Gyllen and his four sisters. She stood on top of the stairs wearing a long, frilly, red dress. With her olive skin and curly, jet-black hair, you could tell she was not a local woman, originally being a princess from another country on the far western side of the continent called Hispania. Helio had a mature and dignified type of beauty to her that comes naturally to these types of women as they age. Wide hips, large breasts and a mole on the left side of her top lip. Gyllen genuflected towards her as a mark of respect, having an air of pride and formality about himself.

"I have returned, Mother." He said before standing back up.

"Oh, my sweet little Gyllen!" Helio ran down the steps, almost tripping up on her own dress and cuddled her son. She still retained her foreign accent after all these years.

"Mother, please! People are staring!" Gyllen gently pushed his mother away, hearing some of the soldiers snicker behind him.

"Do you have any mosquito bites? Any cuts? Any bruises?" Helio turned Gyllen's head to examine his cheeks.

"I'm perfectly fine, Mother." Gyllen reassured her, taking her hands away from his face. "I imagine Father is too busy to come and see me as usual."

"Don't say it like it's a bad thing. Your father is a very hard worker."

"What about Sølv?"

"She's out at the moment. Kobber's here though."

"Great..."

The prince and queen walked into the main hall of the castle, decorated with tapestries along the walls depicting famous historical moments in the kingdom and a long red carpet lead up to a pair of thrones. All of a sudden, Gyllen was jumped on from behind by somebody, nearly collapsing from the sudden attack,

"Hiya, little bro!" A girl with wavy chestnut hair had her heaving breasts squashed up against the prince's back as her arms crossed over his chest to keep a hold on him.

"Oh, hello, Kobber..." The prince said unenthusiastically. Kobber let go and dashed in front of the prince, wearing expensive looking jewellery on a beautiful white dress.

"Did ya bring me back a pressie?" She asked with wide-brown-eyed glee.

"I did not." The prince mumbled.

"Aw, meanie!" Kobber pouted.

"Forgive me." Gyllen sighed.

"I'm just joking, silly!" Kobber poked him on the nose. "So, do you wanna play with me later if Sølv isn't back? Daddy got me all sorts of new teddies!"

"I'll pass." 

"What about my flower collection? I found some really pretty ones while you were gone."

"Kobber, please, I'm very tired from riding home all day. Can I just have five minutes to nap?"

"No probs! I'll be your wake up call."

"Uh, no, Kobber, that's quite alright..." What Gyllen was saying did not register with the airhead and she just skipped along the corridor and out of sight. Gyllen just groaned in annoyance.

The prince arrived to his room in the north-eastern tower and took out a folded piece of parchment out from his pocket. He opened it up and once again saw the message Min left him: 'Marie Queen's Close, Mrs. Hertz Boarding House.' No doubt this place was in the Monster District, the trouble is just finding out exactly where. Regular human citizens rarely ever went into the Monster District, let alone the royal family, so he doubted anybody in the castle would know exactly where the boarding house was. Gyllen decided it would be best just to go there himself and hope for the best.

Night fell and Gyllen donned his cloak once again, ready to leave for the other side of town. The sun had set and lamp posts had been lit all across the city which twinkled from down below Gyllen's window. Gyllen walked down the spiralling staircase of the spire and left through a door at the base out beyond the castle walls, not wanting to get spotted as his mother would no doubt have a bunch of soldiers leave with him. Luckily, security was pretty lax tonight and Gyllen made it into the town without having been discovered. It was an odd yet satisfying feeling to finally be out of the palace without any bodyguards, smiling to himself like an idiot. He put his hood up and closed his cape over his body so nobody would recognise him or his high-class clothes. There was not much people out in the sector near the castle since it was pretty late in the evening. All the shops had been shut and people were heading home after a long day of work or to just going to hang out at the pubs to get themselves drunk. Gyllen was distracted by all the mundane sights not covered by the bodies of soldiers to the point he had almost forgot why he even came out in the first place and made his way to where the Monster District was roughly located.

Gyllen eventually arrived to the ghetto where all the non-humans in the city lived, still trying to cover himself to the best to his ability as to not to be discovered. It was a miserable bunch of streets. A homeless dwarf sat on the cobblestone walls hoping for some alms, a drunk bugbear staggered past and vomited into an dustbin and he swore he saw a couple of kobolds exchanging hands over some shady goods in an alleyway. Looking down at the ground, he quickly walked past all this, hopelessly and aimlessly wandering about to find Marie Queen's Close. He eventually gave up and decided to pluck up the courage to ask for directions. There was a suspicious troll smoking a long, wooden pipe with his back up against a wall and his eyes shifting to and fro, looking at everybody going past him for some reason. Gyllen walked up to him.

"Excuse me, sir?" The imposing troll looked down to the prince who had his face obscured by the shadows coming from his hood and his trademark golden locks tucked out of sight so he would not be found out. The troll remained silent and Gyllen spoke up once again under his intimidating gaze. "I-I-I'm looking for Marie Queen's Close. D-do you know where it is?" The troll slowly raised his hand and pointed down the road.

"...Second left." The troll mumbled in a deep voice as he went back to smoking.

"Thank you so much." Gyllen bowed and walked down the street, exhaling in relief that he did not get beat up. 

The prince went where the troll indicated and right at the corner of the alleyway was a door with 'Mrs. Hertz' stencilled on it. Gyllen used the knocker and a couple of seconds later and an elderly ogre lady opened up.

"Sorry to bother you at such a late hour, madame."

"We're full up, dearie" She said, about to close the door but Gyllen stopped her with his hand.

"Actually, I'm looking to meet somebody here."

"Oh, in that case, come on in." Mrs. Hertz opened back up. Gyllen walked into the building as a candle light illuminated his face.

"A human!" Mrs. Hertz exclaimed. "That's unusual around this part of town."

"Yes, I noticed on my way here."

"You best watch yourself, honey. A lot of the folks here despise humans."

"Thank you for the advice." Gyllen gulped.

"Who is it you're looking for?"

"She's a goblin called Min."

"Ah, yes. Ms. Fe. She's a nice girl. Always pays her rent on time. Are you a friend of hers?"

"I suppose I am." Gyllen did not really know how to class their relationship.

"Room 3, just up the stairs. I think she's still in."

"Thank you, madame." 

Gyllen climbed the creaky steps to the second story and found a door with a rusty, metal '3' screwed onto it at the end of the corridor. Slightly hesitant at first, he rapped his knuckles against it three times and Min opened up, wearing even raunchier clothes than last time. On her torso was a well-worn, see-through, constricting mesh vest with a few torn holes here and there, mostly around her slim belly. Underneath, she was wearing nothing but a dark bikini top that kept her breasts held in place and on her lower half she was wearing a pair of white, buttoned-up shorts with the legs so short to show off as much of her wide thighs as possible that you would swear they were practically underwear. On her feet were black, velvet, high-heeled boots that rode up to just below her knees making her seem slightly taller than normal.

"Holy shit, you actually came." Min said. "How you doin', Prince Pussy?"

"Very well, thanks for asking." Gyllen said. "And my name is Gyllen..."

"Yeah, yeah, whatever." Min pulled him inside. It was a single room, with a single window and a single bed. There was some crates stacked in the corner filled with all sorts of baubles. "It isn't much but make yourself at home."

"Good gods, how can you live like this?" Gyllen said, scanning the virtually empty box of a room.

"It's only temporary. I'm lucky to even have a roof over my head at all."

"I'm sorry, that was rude of me." Gyllen apologised. "I wasn't criticising, just shocked that some people have to live this way."

"Well, not all of us are born royalty. Or human."

"...are you trying to guilt trip me? I'm all for equal rights for non-humans, you know."

"Just thinkin' out loud. Anyway, I've decided that we're goin' out tonight."

"Oh..."

"What's the matter?"

"It's just...I was expecting more fornicating with you."

"Don't worry, they'll be plenty of sexy shit later."

"Oh, good" Gyllen smiled.

"By the by, we can't have you going out in those clothes."

"What's wrong with them?"

"People are gonna recognise you're the prince from a mile away in that fancy get up."

"Hmm, I didn't really think about a proper disguise. Just this cloak."

"Even that alone looks better than all my clothes combined. Luckily, clever ol' me thought ahead. I got you some stuff to help you blend in a bit better."

"Really? You shouldn't have." Gyllen was moved by Min thinking about him.

"It's alright, they were going really cheap." Min smirked. "In fact, you might even say: 'it was a steal.'"

"I'll pretend I didn't hear that..."

"They're just in that chest over there." Min indicate a locker at the foot of her bed. "I'll wait outside 'till your ready, okay?" The goblin left the room, closing the door behind her. Gyllen opened up the box and took one good look at the contents before saying to himself:

"You've got to be joking..."

"Come on! How long are ya gonna take?" Min shouted through the door.

"I look ridiculous!" Gyllen yelled back.

"I'll be the judge of that." Min opened the door back up and walked right in.

"Wah! Don't look!" Gyllen had changed from his regal clothing and into a hot pink boob tube that hugged tightly around his upper body, leaving his shoulders and arms bare. Around his waist was a black mini-skirt that was so short, you could almost see the black cheekies underneath when he just stood normally. Down his thin legs, Gyllen was wearing fishnet knee highs and on his feet was a pair of platform heeled shoes that matched the colour of the top. All Min could say was:

"Damn!"

"These clothes are too small..." Gyllen said, holding onto his skirt, desperately trying to pull it down so it didn't reveal as much.

"Gimme a break. It's not like I knew your exact mesurements."

"And I look like a prostitute."

"Exactly! Nobody is gonna think you're the prince now!" Min said, while checking him out. The prince could honestly pass as an attractive young lady, even more so now since he was wearing woman's clothing. "Actually, let me just add some finishing touches..." Min reached into a satchel hanging off the post of her bed and pulled out various, cheap make-up trinkets.

After a little while, Min had finished painting the canvas that was Gyllen's face and stood back to admire her work. The prince's eyelashes were black and elongated with mascara, his cheeks subtlety rouge with blush and his lips rose red with gloss.

"How do I look?"

"Like a sex beast."

"I meant, am I still recognisable?"

"Eh, kind of? But I think this will be enough. Anyway, let's move. We're late enough as it is."

"Late? Late for what?"

"Remember how I said I was gonna teach you stuff?" Min took Gyllen's hand and they rushed back out the room. "It's goin' to be one of your lessons."

"I can't go out like this!"

"Stop lying to yourself. You obviously don't mind since you put it on and let me doll you up."

"Tch! She knows." Gyllen said in his head. They walked downstairs, Gyllen trying not to fall over in his new shoes and bumped into Mrs. Hertz on the way out as she was checking her books. 

"Are you girls going out?" The elderly ogress asked them.

"Yeah, Mrs. H, don't know when we'll be back." Min said to her.

"You, human, be careful out there, you hear?" Hertz told to Gyllen, unfazed by his provocative clothing. The prince realised that she must have thought he was a woman this whole time.

"Yes, madame." Gyllen said. The two left the building and were back out into the streets.

"Y'see? Ol' Mrs. H was fooled."

"It could just be her ageing eyesight..."

"You're such a downer." Min elbowed him in the stomach. "Don't worry about getting your arse kicked cause you're human either. Most people wouldn't do it without a good reason. Maybe."

"That's reassuring..."

Min and Gyllen made their way through the district, sticking to the back alleys to keep the cross-dressing prince out of sight for now who was still trying to stretch his skirt just a little bit further and hobbling in his heels on the cobblestone streets to keep up with the goblin, making a clacking noise as they hit the ground. Luckily for them and their revealling clothes, it was a warm night. They went back out onto the main street and found themselves outside a tavern, Gyllen could hear chattering inside and it sounded pretty crowded. A rectangular sign hanged from the wall above the door with the words: 'The Laughing Laelaps' and gleeful dog depicted underneath.

"Here we are." Min said as she reached up to a ring on the door, turned it and opened up. The pair went inside, the smell of cheap booze and hookah smoke struck Gyllen's nasal. Everybody inside the pub had gone silent with their attention turned to the entrance, seeing who just came in, Gyllen coughed and looked through the fine mist to see a bunch of non-humans sitting around circular tables and staring back at him, mostly orcs though there was a couple of members from other species. Somebody eventually broke the silence.

"Fucking hell! What a hottie!" What followed was laughter and wolf whistles for this attractive 'female' human who just walked in. Gyllen just looked at his feet, trying to avoid their gazes then faced Min.

"Min, can we please go? This is too humiliating." He whispered to his goblin friend. 

"Relax. I'll handle everything." Min said to him and then shouted to the crowd. "Alright, boys! That's enough!"

"Hey, it's Min!" Somebody else said, followed by cheers. "I was too distracted by the blonde to see her."

"Shut it, Jerry." Min said back. Everybody chortled at her sass. She and Gyllen walked past the clusters of men to the bar where they sat on stools, Min having to jump up onto the taller one just to be seen. Gyllen crossed his legs out of habit, causing his skirt to ride up his thighs but he managed to pull it down before anybody could see anything, much to the onlookers disappointment. The bartender was a green-scaled lizardman wearing an apron over his shirt with countless stains dotted about it, washing out a glass with a rag. 

"Yo, Khuuli, how about some service?" Min said to him. The reptilian humanoid turned around.

"Oh, a new fassse." Khuuli hissed, noticing Gyllen. "What'sss your name, misss?"

"Gyll-" Gyllen stopped himself before he foolishly stated his real name but had to think of an alias. And quick. "Uh, Goldie! My name is Goldie."

"Nissse to meet you." Khuuli shook his cold hand with 'Goldie.' "What would you girlsss like?"

"Just the usual for me, Khu." Min said. "What about you, Goldie?"

"Um...You wouldn't happen to have any milk, sir?" Gyllen asked Khuuli. The lizardman cackled along with anybody else in earshot, including Min. Gyllen nervously laughed along.

"Thisss is an adult essstablishment. Asss in, we only ssserve adult drinksss." The barkeep replied.

"Does he need to use so many words with 's' in them?" Gyllen thought to himself then said aloud. "In that case, I'll just have the same." Gyllen rarely ever drank anything alcoholic outside of special occasions so he hoped what Min ordered was not too strong. Khuuli slung the cloth over his left shoulder and got two mugs to pour the liquid from a barrel.

"Seriously? Goldie?" Min whispered to Gyllen, stifling her mirth.

"I was under pressure, it was the first thing that popped into my head." Gyllen retorted.

"With a name like that, people are going to think you really are a whore."

"By the way, I've noticed that nobody has taken their eyes away from us yet." Gyllen said while he looked over his shoulder to confirm the men were still glaring their way. He twirled his finger on a lock of hair in anxiety. "I know they probably don't see many humans, but still...it's getting absurd."

"You're just paranoid. Nobody thinks you're the prince."

"That isn't what I'm worried about..."

Khuuli turned back around slammed two large steins onto the counter, overflowing with foam.

"That will be a piessse of gold each." The barkeeper said. Gyllen reach down to his pockets only to realise that there was not any on the skirt.

"Oh, blast, I've forgotten my purse in my other clothes." Gyllen said.

"Perhapsss you can pay me another way?" Khuuli chuckled to himself. The prince backed away slightly in worry.

"Uh, can I borrow some money, Min?" Gyllen asked his friend. To which she placed two gold coins down on the bar which Khuuli scooped into his hand.

"Darn..." The reptile murmured to himself as he reluctantly took the currency.

"Cheers then." Min grasped the handle of the container with both her tiny hands and tip it over to her mouth to begin sipping on it. Gyllen held up the surprisingly heavy mug and took one glance at it's contents: A murky, viscous liquid. The prince sloshed it about a little bit as it moved like mud.

"Uh, I've suddenly lost my thirst." He pushed the stein away from him.

"Wicked! More for me. Not like you paid for it anyway." Min pulled it to her side while she continued to chug on her own swill, sloppily dribbling some down her chin and onto her chest, right in between her two green mammaries but she did not seem to take notice or just did not care. Either way, all the males were ogling her chest-piece get slightly damp as she downed her drink.

Min finished her first drink and hit the empty mug back onto the bar and an uncouth belch followed soon after.

"Aaah...Nidavellir beer is the best." She exhaled, sounding slightly tipsy already. "Alright, who's first then?" Gyllen wondered what on earth she meant by that, thinking she was just talking nonsense because the alcohol already taking effect on her petite body at first. A couple of men got up from their round tables and raced towards the goblin with a giant minotaur reaching her first which caused the others sulk back to their chairs.

"I'll go first, if you don't mind." The minotaur said as he loomed over Min sitting on her stool. Minotaurs were hybrids of humans and cattle and this one looked like your average example. His entire lower body was that of a bovine, with cattle-like legs thick with black fur that ended in hooves, a thin bush-tipped tail swished behind him, two long, furry ears drooping for the side of his head and a pair of large, white horns that ended in sharp points emerging from his unkempt mullet. The rest of him looked like a man though. A bronze skinned, muscular, good looking man with a scruffy beard on his broad chin.
