 Content Warnings: Impossible anatomy, huge cock, excessive cum, cum inflation, impregnation...

Chapter 2: A Satyr's Savage Seeding

Varossion loomed in the middle of the sacred glade, half-kneeling, his bulk supported on one knee and one cloven hoof. The massive, muscular satyr's broad, powerful chest rose and fell rhythmically as he caught his breath, his pale green skin glistening with a sheen of sweat. His long hair, a curious, mossy shade of greenish brown, was swept back out of his face, revealing his ruggedly handsome features, pointed ears and inhuman eyes, twin featureless orbs of warm hazel. His heavy brow bore the roots of a pair of woodlike antlers that arched up above his head, branching again and again into a spectacular rack of points that hung over him like a crown, giving him a regal air. In contrast to that regal bearing, his cock thrust proudly from his hips, a fearsome pillar of granite-hard flesh longer than a forearm and wider than a handspan. It throbbed and lurched angrily, like a wild beast, its length wound over with thick, pulsing veins and crowned with a flared, helmet-shaped head, easily the size of a man's fist and still dripping with pearly seed. Beneath the towering monolithic member swayed a pair of truly enormous balls, like a pair of ripe melons, sloshing with an ocean of thick, creamy, supernaturally-potent cum. 

Alika laid herself out on the grass, her soft, honey-tan skin and earthy-red tattoos glistening with a mixture of sweat and the last remnants of Varossion's massive load, which she'd just lovingly rubbed into her full, grapefruit-sized breasts. The young eniiri's slender waist squirmed as she nestled down into the soft grass, her long, chestnut-brown hair splayed out beneath her like a pair of wings. Wildflowers bloomed around her, freshly-sprouted wherever the satyr's mystical seed has splattered to the earth. Wordlessly, she spread her legs, her smooth, supple thighs parting, their inner surfaces glistening with her sweet nectar. Her lips parted, presenting her delicate, peach-pink petals, flushed and twitching softly with a deep, instinctual need, wordlessly begging to be satisfied.

"I'm ready." Alika breathed, her earlier nervousness gone, evaporated before the heat of her lust like dew before the morning sun. "Varossion... Take me. Plant your sacred seed in me and make me a woman in the eyes of The Green." She implored, her voice heavy with desire.

Varossion could hardly resist such an invitation. A hungry grin spread across his rugged-yet-regal features, and he shuffled forward on his knees, his monstrous member swinging like a club as he moved, looming over Alika's prone form like one of the many statues ringing the glade. He reached down, one strong hand gripping her creamy thigh just behind the knee and pinning it to the soft grass below, holding her legs open wide as he took his place between them. The other gripped his pulsing shaft just behind the head, and with a flex of his muscular limb, he angled the beast down, the tendons at the root grinding in complaint as he aimed the mighty weapon straight towards Alika's eager entrance. 

Varossion shifted, just the tiniest bit, pushing his hips forward until the blunt tip of his monstrous member met the tender lips of Alika's womanhood with a gentle kiss. She shuddered lightly at the touch, her needy pussy squeezing in eager anticipation of the inevitable penetration, the moment she truly became a woman. Varossion seemed content to take his time, though. Gripping the beastly shaft firmly, he ran the cum-slick crown up and down along her slit, teasing her tender folds and probing at her entrance with each pass before sliding back up to grind his knob against her sensitive clit. She moaned softly at the teasing touches, her hips bucking involuntarily, grinding her flushed, glistening lips against the swollen tip, her entrance stretching ever-so-slightly around the head in a vain attempt to swallow the beast.

After what felt like ages, Varossion slowly began to push his hips forward, his rugged abs tightening as his flared crown pressed against Alika's entrance. He pushed harder, harder, harder still, the nectar-slick petals slowly parting around his crown, spreading open, stretching like never before. Alika bit her lip with a mixture of fear, anticipation, and desire, teeth sinking into the soft pink pillow. Her fingers gripped at handfuls of grass, her hips squirming as her body struggled to adjust to the monstrous invader. The satyr still pushed, his movement slow but unstoppable, the flared head spreading her, entering her, until, finally, with a soft popping sensation, the flared ridge of his head pushed past her entrance. He was inside!

Alika moaned softly, the sensation of fullness unlike anything she could have imagined. This was it, she was a woman now, mated to The Green, mated to this marvelous satyr. "Varossion..." She breathed her lover's name with a whimper of adulation, eyes squeezed shut as she savored the sensation. She didn't have long to enjoy it before the powerful satyr began to move again, slowly pushing his hips forward, the flared crown pushing deeper, opening her, filling her... And then, suddenly, he stopped, barely a quarter of his length inside her, and began to pull back again, drawing a whole new breed of sensations from her inexperienced pussy as his head tugged at her walls.

Alika writhed on the grass, her hips rolling as her core twitched uncontrollably. Again and again, Varossion slowly drove his member into her, filling her again, only to stop with only a fraction of his length inside her and pull back once more. The sensations were delicious, every time he drove into her and pulled back again, his flared head teasing her entrance, it sent sparks of pleasure dancing along her nerves, radiating through her body. And yet... there was a hunger inside her, an itch that needed to be scratched, a void that yearned to be filled. Perhaps it had always been there, and she'd simply never noticed it until now. With each push, satisfaction came tantalizingly close, and with each pull, it was maddeningly denied once again, drawing a soft whimper from her lips. 

Alika turned her gaze to Varossion, looking up at him curiously, her desire hidden behind a mask of uncertainty. To her surprise, she found his expression twisted in concentration, his jaw set, his eyes closed, his brow knit as he continued to push and pull his hips forward and back with a stiff rhythm. "Is... Is something wrong?" She asked, her soft voice stirring him from his focus, his deep, hazel eyes meeting hers. She swallowed. "Am I... not to your liking?" She managed, voice trembling nervously. 

Varossion shook his head, tossing his woody antlers dismissively. "No, no, quite the opposite, I assure you." He offered, reassuringly. "This being your first time, I thought it wise to be more gentle than usual... but I'm having more trouble holding back my impulses than I'd thought." He explained. Suddenly, his hips bucked mid-stroke, driving his massive member a fraction deeper into Alika's writhing pussy, drawing a sharp gasp from her before he managed to grit his teeth and draw back again.

Alika bit her lip again, her depths squeezing tight around Varossion's monstrous member, clinging to it as it drew back from the deep thrust, reluctant to let him go. "I... I'm grateful I found a satyr who cares so deeply about his partner..." She began, reaching up with one hand to caress his abs, all she could reach of the powerful male. " But... I don't want special treatment if it means you must strain yourself so. Just... do whatever you normally would." She urged, smiling warmly up at him. "I want you to enjoy this moment as much as I do."

Varossion couldn't argue with that. Wordlessly, he nodded, and leaned forward slightly. Slowly, like a great tree toppling over, he let himself fall, his free hand coming off his shaft to hit the ground forcefully, holding his broad, muscular frame an arm's length off the ground. His powerful body completely overshadowed hers, a canopy of oaken muscle blocking out the sun. The hand on her leg shifted too, changing its grip as it lifted her knee off the ground then pushed it up toward her chest, until it just barely grazed the soft mound of her breast. The shift forced her hips to angle upward, aiming her entrance skyward until it was poised to receive his fearsome cock plunging down into her. Alika looked up at the looming satyr wide-eyed, fear and anticipation clear on her face, her eyes locked onto Varossion's hazel pools. There was something... primal, in his expression, something wild, untamable, and hungry, something that made her heart pound in her chest.

Varossion's hips began to push, his mighty weapon spearing into Alika once again. But this time, it didn't stop. It bored into her, deeper and deeper, her innermost walls stretching as they clung to the vein-marbled pillar that invaded her untouched depths. Her gaze flicked down, eyes widening as she saw more than half his fearsome length inside her already, more and more disappearing by the second. She moaned, waves of sensation crashing over her, intense pleasure with an edge of pain, her body struggling to adjust to the monstrous member filling her like nothing before. It hurt, certainly, but still her body sang with pleasure, and behind it all there was a satisfaction that made her honey-tan skin pebble with goosebumps, like scratching a long-neglected itch. 

Bit by bit, Varossion buried more and more of his thick, throbbing shaft into Alika's glistening pussy with a slow, steady, smooth stroke. Then, without warning, his hips bucked hard, his body tensing as he slammed the last of his length into her in an instant, his hips grinding against hers, his massive cum-heavy balls smacking heavily on her upturned ass. Alika's back arched, her lips parting to cry out, but no sound came, the forceful impact and the wave of sensation that accompanied it driving the air from her lungs. Her mind swam with the knowledge that that monstrous weapon was inside her, completely. She could feel it throbbing inside her, deep in her core, like a second heartbeat, the swollen crown perfectly positioned right at the entrance to her womb, it's flared ridge pressing against her ovaries indirectly. It fit so perfectly... It just felt so right inside her, like it completed her, like a puzzle piece she hadn't known she was missing.

Alika didn't have long to marvel at the fit. Varossion's hips began to move almost immediately, slowly drawing his thick, throbbing length back, his flared head teasing at her innermost walls as it withdrew. She felt the void of his absence sharply now, her inner walls gripping at his shaft automatically, valiantly struggling to hold him in and inadvertently milking the monolithic member as it pulled back. Thankfully, her agonizing emptiness did not last long. As soon as he'd pulled half his length from her body, he reversed his hips, plunging back into her welcoming depths with a smooth thrust and a soft groan. She moaned in reply, feeling his pulsing crown kissing the entrance to her fertile womb once more, a perfect fit, if only lingering there for an instant, before he began to pull back again for another thrust. 

Again and again, Varossion drew his hips back, then thrust forward, his monstrous member plunging deep into Alika's gripping pussy over and over. With each thrust, the satyr's massive, cum-heavy balls swung, pounding against the young eniiri's upturned ass, the rhythmic smack of flesh on flesh echoing the crashing waves of pleasure that surged through them both. With each thrust, their voices cried out, deep, rumbling groans and sweet, melodic moans filling the glade. With each thrust, the savage satyr's grip upon his wilder instincts loosened, the pleasure and satisfaction driving him on, each thrust coming faster and harder than the last.

Varossion's hips were almost a blur as he dropped down to his elbow, his massive, muscular frame stopping just short of crushing Alika as he pounded her like a beast, their bodies so close her nipples grazed over his broad chest with each thrust. She writhed sensually beneath him as he savagely thrust into her, over and over and over again, her hands squeezing tight around fistfulls of soft grass. Her mouth hung open, a constant stream of moans and wails of pleasure pouring forth as the satyr's divine shaft ravaged her depths. Again and again he filled her perfectly, then left her achingly empty, then filled her once more, all in just a few moments, a cycle, endlessly repeating. Each thrust sent another surge of pleasure through her body, a familiar tension growing in her core, rapidly building up toward something immense...

Varossion was overcome, his mind overwhelmed by a ravenous lust, pure pleasure and the all-consuming hunger for more his only thoughts as he rutted into the recently-virginal Alika's tight, gripping pussy like a wild animal. His monstrous cock throbbed and pulsed wildly inside her, his titanic balls churning, a raging sea of supernaturally potent seed barely contained within them as they smacked off her jiggling ass. He slammed his hips down onto hers with wild abandon, ravaging her deepest depths without concern or hesitation, just mindless, brutal fucking. In this moment, he didn't care if she was enjoying it, he didn't care about sacred duty or anything, he just fucked and fucked and fucked... 

Suddenly, Varossion's entire body froze, every muscle suddenly locking up, his face twisting, contorting with effort as his rational mind strained to reassert itself. Slowly, ever-so-slowly, the massive male drew his hips back, pulling his bucking monolithic member from the young woman's spasming depths. Every squeeze of her core, every ripple of her walls, every roll of her hips made him struggle to maintain control, to fight back the call of his base instincts. "I...I'm sorry" he half-growled, shaking his head as he finally stopped with only his head still inside her. "I... I lost control for a moment. I hope I didn't hurt you..." He offered, apologetically.

Alika whimpered, her core twitching with desperate need. "Don't... Don't stop! More!" She pleaded.

Varossion blinked, looking down at the recently-virgin eniiri, a look of surprise etched into his rugged features. "...Are you sure?" He asked.

Alika bit her lip and nodded enthusiastically, her body still writhing beneath Varossion's, her hips rolling and bucking, hungry for any tiny bit of pleasure they could draw from the satyr's mighty breeding tool. "Please, Varossion!" She pleaded, her voice half-moan as she begged. Her hands released their fistfuls of grass and reached up, her weak, trembling arms struggling to wrap around the satyr's broad chest, her nails clawing ineffectively at the tough, leathery skin of his back as she clung to him, trying vainly to pull him down on top of her fully. "I was scared at first, but I'm not anymore! I never imagined it would feel this GOOD, this RIGHT! I was MADE for this! I was made to be FUCKED, to be FILLED! I want this! I want YOU! I am the fertile soil, the virgin earth, ready for your virile seed! Plant your sacred seed deep inside me, BREED me, FILL me, MARK me, CLAIM my womb with your divine cum!" She implored desperately, her back arching as she thrust her hips up toward him as hard as she could with her knee pinned to her chest.

The last of the mental restraints holding Varossion's instincts in check snapped as Alika's words echoed in his pointed ears. With a lustful growl and a powerful flex of his abs, he plunged his full length into her hot, wet, twitching depths in a single, brutal thrust, his hips smacking against hers. Her sweet voice rang out with a wailing note of pure pleasure, her back arching as their bodies came together, her nails raking over his back as she clung to him even tighter. Any notion of self-control, gentleness, or mercy was gone from his mind, only his most primal instincts still intact, lust, the hunger for pleasure, and the burning need to breed. He was still for only the briefest of moments before he began to thrust wildly, hips bucking with the unmatched power of a wild stallion, the frenzied haste of a monkey, and the savage determination of a rutting wolf. His cock throbbed and bucked inside her like a savage beast, her tender, trembling walls clinging to every vein-marbled inch of satyr cock.

Alika's back arched, her spine curved like a tightly-strung bow as she let out a wailing cry of pure pleasure. Varossion's savage pounding resonated through her body, awakening her own instincts, her body's desperate hunger for the seed of a powerful male. After just a few brutal, unrestrained strokes, the tension in her core exploded, a wave of burning sensation rippling out through her entire body, filling her soul until she thought her very being would burst. She couldn't see, she couldn't hear, she couldn't think, everything was consumed by pleasure more intense than anything she'd ever experienced before. She'd had orgasms before, from her own fingers and from the hands and tongues of her greenleaf sisters, but this was different, deeper, stronger, more primal, it swept her up and consumed her whole. Her entire body spasmed and shuddered in its grasp, her pussy squeezing and milking at the titanic shaft deep inside her, eager to gulp down the satyr's potent seed.

As Alika's senses returned, she realized three things in rapid succession. She'd collapsed at some point in the seemingly endless orgasm, falling back onto the soft grass below. Varossion was still fucking her like a beast, more than half his thick, veiny length plunging in and out of her spasming pussy with each thrust of his hips. She was also incredibly sensitive, her nubile body overloaded, unaccustomed to such powerful sensations, the perfectly-filling thrusts of Varossion's shaft so intense they almost hurt. With a plaintive moan, she writhed beneath him, her body automatically struggling to pull away, her hands shifting, pushing at his shoulders, trying to get him to pause, to slow down even a little. It was like trying to push over an ancient oak, his monstrous, muscular frame hard, unyielding, immovable, no matter what she tried. She was trapped, pinned beneath the savage satyr, helpless before his undeniable lust, an object for his pleasure, fertile soil for him to plow.

That thought resonated in Alika's mind, amplifying with each wave of pleasure Varossion's savage thrusts inflicted upon her. Each bone-rattling impact of their hips, each meaty smack of his titanic cum-canisters against her upturned ass, each surge of too-intense pleasure that ripped through her body and mind, they all drove home the point. She was made for this. She was born and bred to be fucked, to be a vessel for the satyrs' lusts, for the divine power of The Green, to be bred over and over and over again, to be a nurturing womb for all the creatures of the forest. 

Alika's orgasm struck her hard and fast as the thought echoed in her mind, her head rolling back as she let out a second cry of raw, unrestrained pleasure, her body shivering with burning sensation as her mind went blank. Her pussy was still twitching and spasming hungrily with the aftershocks of the second climax when the third struck, Varossion's brutal, unrelenting thrusts into her still-oversensitive slit driving her over the edge yet again. The fourth followed just moments later, barely giving her time to gasp in a desperate breath between climaxes before she screamed in ecstasy once more. After that, she couldn't be sure where one climax ended and the next began, the peaks of pleasure too close to separate. Each time one orgasm began to fade and neared the surface of the sea of pleasure, another wave of burning sensation would come crashing down upon her, dragging her down once more. She was drowning in ecstasy, her mind tossed helplessly in a raging sea of lust, it was glorious and terrifying and there seemed no end in sight.
