 The Soldier's Drum, a popular inn on the outskirts of the port town of Nautisk, was holding host to a troop of Platinan soldiers. Battalions were a regular sight at the inn as they would often spend the night to await for boats in Nautisk shoving off in the morning to take part in campaigns across the sea or on the slim chance that they may return to Platina if that was where they originated. This particular group belonged to the latter. They were, however, were possibly the rowdiest warriors the pub had seen in the past couple of centuries since the days of barbarian war-chiefs pillaging villages left and right. The squad consisted of several orcs, a lone minotaur and two humans, one of whom being the heir-apparent to Platina's throne: Princess Jern. 

Jern was the big sister to all the other successors, not just in age but also in size, personality and reputation. The first thing anybody would notice was her height, standing a clear few heads worth above most people. Combine that with her bright, cropped, fiery-orange hair and pretty, if rather unwashed and bruised, face and she would be difficult to miss in a crowd. Currently, she was wearing a heavy set of battered steel armour, filled with many nicks and dents as reminders of her numerous battles with her helmet removed in order to allow her mouth easier access to her beer. She was standing up on a bench, exaggerating her already impressive stature, and merrily belting out war ballads while swinging her umpteenth tankard of the evening around, taking the occasional sloppy swig between verses.

"It's all on me, lads!" Jern slurred. "Go wild!" There was a roar of cheers coming from her companions as they joined in with her horribly out-of-tune singing. The staff were all huddled into the back room, praying to the gods that the soldiers would change their minds about staying the night in their lodgings or at least go to bed soon as they were too afraid to usher out a bunch of fully-armed, drunken orcs and the legendary Princess Knight by themselves that were scaring off the other customers. At least their money was good, having rented out all the available rooms and able to pay for their drinks. The benefits of being friends with somebody who just so happened to have access to the royal treasury, I suppose. 

The only sober one among the lot was Leif: Jern's squire whom followed her about like an obedient pup though refused to partake in any fighting or getting shit-faced, rather just sitting awkwardly by his lonesome as he watched the ensuing mania from afar. 

"Oi, Larry! Is she always like this?" One of the orcs asked his fellow. "I thought princesses were suppose to be...sweeter."

"You're new to the unit, right?" Larry said. "Don't let 'er status fool ya, kid. She's a wild child, that one."

"Did ya see 'er out on the field? She's a demon with a claymore!"

"I dunno...I still think Pasiphaë is the best fighter we got..."

"That's the cow-lady, innit? I s'pose ya gotta be strong if you have to carry tits that big everyday."

Pasiphaë was sitting on a table opposite of Jern, sipping on her stein. She was a little more composed in her intoxication, just quietly humming along with a wide smile on her face. She stood out from the others, being the only minotaur in the contingent, with ivory horns poking up from each side of her skull that added an extra couple of inches to make her seem as tall as Jern. The rest of her was also prototypical for her race: curled and fluffy dark hair, specifically a deep shade of brown, that grew long past her shoulders, a bronze shade of skin, hooves replacing where a human would have their feet and a tail jutting from her lower back. Ironically her most defining feature was not bovine-like but rather the pair of massive human mammaries bulging from her chest, easily even bigger than her own head, emphasised further by the rest of her body being way disproportionate to the udders in question. Her wardrobe unashamedly showed-off her endowments and finely toned body, wearing nothing more than a glorified bikini. Two large, iron plates attached to a strap of leather kept her boobies somewhat protected and held in place by squashing them into her body though the plates did little to hide the majority of her tit-flesh to the world. Around her shapely hips, a chainmail loin cloth was fastened to cover her otherwise naked genitals and large, plump buttocks as she was not wearing any form of underwear. It was not recommended for her to cross her legs unless she was actively seeking a mate.

"Princess, haven't you had enough already...?" Leif advised his superior.

"Nonsense! It's not even midnight yet! Can't stop yet!" Jern slapped the manservant on the back roughly, the area around her nose glowing red before shoving her mug into his arms. "Hold this...I need a piss..." Jern stumbled blindly backwards and into a corner, kicking a bucket and mop which she mistook or a toilet in her drunken state. The princess slacked a couple of straps around the armour piece that covered her groin, letting it fall backwards with a loud thud onto the wood floorboards. Jern moved her simple, hemp-woven briefs to uncover her muff, standing over the bucket with spread legs and relieving herself for all the platoon to see. Urine was messily sprayed around the general area, some getting on the walls, most of the it getting on the floor around the bucket and little of it actually landing in the container she was aiming for. There was many hoots of laughter and a cringeworthy wolf-whistle coming from the men as warm wee slowly trickled down her legs. Leif was the one feeling much more humiliated for his knight, desperately trying to convince her that the corner was not the little girl's room but Jern remained ignorant as she blissfully continued to release her pent-up piss.

"Are you sure you're a princess?" One of the orcs could be heard saying. Eventually, Jern did listen to Leif though it was after she had finished, of course, and went back to boozing after re-attaching her armour.

"So...Jern or Pasiphaë?" One of the men asked his drinking buddy.

"Whaddaya mean?"

"Come on, y'know...who do ya thinks 'otter?"

"Grow up, man."

"Come on!"

"Oh, alright, then. I'll say Jern, ya 'appy?"

"You fuckin' serious?"

"What's wrong with 'er? She's pretty, she keeps fit..."

"What about the tits, mate? Pasiphaë is all like...boing! Jern's way too flat." As soon as he finished speaking his mind, there was a loud slam on a table from somebody putting down their mug too fast, most likely on purpose. Everybody went silent and faced the source of the sound: Princess Jern had furiously bashed the table with her flagon.

"Care to repeat that, soldier?" Jern quietly mumbled, referring to the soldier who made the recent remark.

"R-repeat what, captain?" The orc stuttered.

"About how I'm a butch shemale who doesn't have tits!" Jern yelled at her subordinate. She was very sensitive about her lack of voluptuous lady-mounds especially seeing how her mother and younger sister were the famously busty Queen Helio and Princess Kobber respectively.

"I didn't say it like that! Sorry!" The orc defended himself. Jern was just about ready to throw her drinking glass at him before interrupted by Leif.

"Princess! Control yourself, please!" The squire got himself between Jern and the man she was about to conk, trying to think of something that would calm her. "Y-you're still the stronger one!" Jern blinked and sat back down, bursting into a hearty laugh. 

"Aye, that's true! Looks don't matter much in a fight, huh?" Jern guffawed, giving Leif a friendly, if painful, slap on the back.

"Ahem!" Pasiphaë cleared her throat, rather loudly. "The strongest apart from me is what you meant to say, of course...right, Leif?"

"Well, uh..." Leif stuttered, trying to think of the best way to take everybody's side.

"Says who, ya fat cow?" Jern stood up once again, pushed Leif out of her way and strutted towards the minotaur. At the same time, Pasiphaë got to her hooves and walked over to meet Jern in the middle of the room.

"Oh, let's reminisce a little, shall we, Jern?" The horned vixen asked. "Let's see...who was it that duelled the Sablyan general into submission? Or captured Fort Muratas singe-handedly?"

"I think all blood in your head is going to yer boobs, Pasi." Jern retorted. "Did ya forget who first fought that general that made him run away straight into you? Or who it was that hacked her way through the fort's doors to let your sorry arse in?"

Pasiphaë and Jern were right up against one another, their muscular chests colliding as Jern's cuirass squished Pasi's plate-protected titties, staring daggers into one another's eyes.

"Fight!" Somebody could be heard shouting from the onlooking crowd that turned into a chant, egging the two females on to duke it out for supremacy.

"What do ya say, Pasi? A quick rumble to decide who's stronger?" Jern challenged her sister-in-arms.

"Fine by me. Just don't start crying when you lose, alright, princess?" The minotaur accepted.

"Wait, wait, wait!" Leif flailed at the girls. "Can we not fight amongst ourselves? I thought we were all friends here!" Everybody booed upon his appearance. Jern slipped her sidekick a couple of gold coins into his hand.

"Say, Leif, how about you go into town and catch a play for an hour or three?" The princess ushered her manservant away. "There's a good boy..."

"You're just so impossible sometimes, princess..." Leif reluctantly removed himself from the vicinity and hoped that his knight would not get herself too roughed up.

"Anybody got a knife handy?" Jern asked her boys. Somebody threw the princess a small dagger and, rather than shank Pasiphaë then and there, she hunched over and scratched a large, rough circle into the floor around her and the minotaur. "Okay, that's good enough." 

Jern unhesitatingly undressed from her protective gear, casually tossing them away from their ring as though they were mere cloth, leaving standing in nothing but her practical, beige panties and vest, remaining ignorant of the several orcs drooling over her showing some skin. In her underwear, much more of Jern's body could clearly be seen, including her perfectly muscled legs and arms that proved she took training and fighting as serious as any other infantryman, not to mention the slight amount of dark hair in her armpits that could be seen whenever she raised them, indicating she had gone for quite a while without having an opportunity to shave there.

"We'll do Platinan rules, alright? Ten seconds on yer back or getting pushed out the ring means ya lose." Jern said to her opponent, stretching her limbs.

"Yeah, yeah, I know. Let's just get this over with." Pasiphaë replied, opposite of the princess.

"Well, come on, Get yer kit off! No armour allowed."

"But then I'll be naked..." Pasi smiled as she said it, trying to act all innocent as her sultry gaze wandered to the onlooking orcs.

"For Odin's sake. Look, I'll get naked too if it will make ya feel better, deal?" The princess proposed. Pasiphaë nodded in agreement. 

Jern pulled her vest over her head and dropped her briefs to the floor, kicking them aside and showing off even more of her brawn. Her six abdominal muscles were well-defined, curly ginger pubic hairs somewhat kept her slit concealed from plain view and, contrary to her tantrum earlier, was not quite fully flat-chested. She was still nowhere near as busty as Pasiphaë, mind, though she still did have slight stacks around her nipples but they were not big enough to necessitate a proper brassiere. She would no doubt have been the subject of many heterosexual male gazes if Pasi was not also stripping in the name room. 

The minotaur woman had pulled off her breast coverings and slid her chainmail off her curvaceous arse, leaving nothing to hide on her tanned body. Her titanic tits slightly sagged, as they would naturally do at this size without support with two large, pink areolae that contrasted against her skin tone. Her crotch hair was neatly trimmed into an upside down triangular shape. The minotaur acted coy with a smile on her full lips and teasingly wiggling her arse as she was being ogled with some of the men openly complimenting her appearance. Jern got furious upon seeing some of her soldiers pop erections at the sight of her second-in-command.

"Don't make light of my challenge!" Jern bellowed, pointing a finger at Pasiphaë.

"Whoa, calm yourself. I'm just messing about." Pasi responded.

"There's no messing about when honour is at stake!"

"Whatever. I'm ready when you are."

The two combatants got into the centre of the ring together and begun their match. They immediately held onto each other's shoulders, gripping tightly as they pushed against one another with all their might. Neither one of them was moving backwards, their feet had been firmly planted on the floor. Their muscles bulged as they grunted in an effort to make one another flinch, already starting to sweat from the strain they were each taking. After several minutes of being locked in a stalemate, Pasiphaë decided to take a risk by raising a hoof from the ground, that could have made her lose her balance and get pushed down or out and kicked at Jern's shins. Jern was too busy focused on her upper body that she didn't even notice until she felt a strike on her lower leg. Pasiphaë got in a lucky shot that toppled the princess onto her back. Pasiphaë did not hesitate to take this opportunity to pounce on the grounded princess, sitting on her stomach with all her weight with her bare, bronze arse firmly planted on her abs. Pasi kept Jern's arms pinned down as the warrior princess struggled by kicking at the minotaur's back with her legs in futile attempt to get her to dismount from her. Pasiphaë winced a little from the blows but otherwise did not move an inch, determined to prove herself to be the stronger of the two. 

The crowd began to count to ten in unison as Jern laid on her back, trying to think of a way out of her predicament before she lost when she had an idea when she saw the two massive orbs above her. Using all of her might, she lifted her arms slowly against the force of Pasi keeping them down. There wasn't enough strength behind her arms to topple the minotaur, Jern knew that as she was aiming for something else. The princess grappled onto Pasiphaë's boobies, kneading the pair in her chest which caused milk to start spewing from her nubs. Jern remembered once overhearing from one of her men that Pasi's breasts were a major weak spot for her as she would easily lactate if even given the slightest amount of stimulation, causing her to get turned-on in an instant and become incredibly light-headed as a result. Sure enough, Pasi's cocky smile formed into an O-shape as her face became flushed as she was being milked. Jern could feel the bovine's hold loosening around her wrists as the fluid trickled in and out of her fingers and felt Pasi's crotch get warmer on her abs. Just as the count reached eight, Jern threw Pasiphaë off her being, jumped to her feet and shoved the weakened minotaur out of the ring and into several orcs, knocking them down.

There was a silence from the soldiers before they boomed into hurrahs and praise for Jern's miraculous comeback. The victor made her way to where Pasiphaë had fallen. The minotaur assumed she had come to gloat about her win, blushing red and trying to cover her embarrassing still-leaking boobs, but was surprised to instead see the princess extend her hand out to her with a kind smile formed on her lips. Pasi could not help but smile too as Jern helped her up from the floor and back to her hooves.

"Good fight." The princess declared.

"Yeah...I would have won if you didn't use such a dirty move." Pasiphaë gave Jern a friendly punch on the arm.

"All's fair in fighting! There's no such thing as a 'dirty move' on the battlefield." The two put their arms around each other's shoulders and laughed like good friends, as though there was never a skirmish in the first place. "Another round!" Jern shouted to many happy orcs.

"So...Who's gonna keep me company in bed tonight then?" Jern drunkenly announced to her soldiers after the latest beer batch, still having not gotten redressed from her recent wrestling match with her toned arse planted on a bench. There was a mass of hands raised when the question had been uttered.

"Is this normal in the troop too, Larry?"

"Oh, yeah! Jus' try an' keep it a secret, alright?"

Jern scanned her eyeballs among the front row of fine, strapping young warriors and pointed to four out of the lot, with a collective groan being heard from the many that went unselected. The group of troops followed their commander up the rickety staircase and crowded into a compact room that made Min's apartment look spacious by comparison. The naked Pasiphaë confronted the turned down masses and said in her sultry tone:

"Cheer up, boys. You still have a chance with me~" 

Jern, with her muscular arms around the necks of two orc fellows, almost falling through the door to the sleeping chamber, saved only by the help of her comrades. She flopped onto the raggedy bed, almost ready to fall asleep before recalling the company she had brought with her when she felt two, thick green fingers massaged her lower lips. With a smile, she raised her rear, allowing more digits to prod on her cunny and even felt one put pressure on the rim of her arsehole between her firm cheeks, letting one a muffled, quiet moan as her head was part-way sunk into the pillow. She turned herself over onto her back and awkwardly stood up straight as she could being hammered and grabbing hold of two of the soldiers' packages between their greaves.

"Oh, whoops. I thought I had more hands than this..." Jern chuckled, realising she was not able to grope them all at the one time as she originally wished settled for merely taking each one in turn in hand, fondling and caressing them with her strong grip, watching and feeling them get more erect as she hungrily licked her lips. One of the troops, a few years her senior, was the first to remove his slacks for his captain whose gaze was drawn to it in an instant. She uncupped both palms from whatever bulges she was holding at that moment to take a hold of this orc's shaft while feeling his dangling sack underneath.

"What's your name, soldier?" Jern enquired hazily while slowly pumping his cock in her hold.

"Jason, ma'am." The troop replied stiffly, as any obedient troop would, trying to keep himself together as the Amazon handled his cock.

"Jay, eh? I think I'm going to like you a lot." Jern quickly flicked her tongue up his deep green glans. 

"Th-thank you, ma'am." Jason responded, twitching as his tender cock-head felt Jern's licker brush past it.

"Satisfy me and I can see a possible advancement in your rank in the future." She smiled and winked up at him. Just something she always said to give them extra motivation. "Same goes for everybody else. Let's get to it, shall we?"

Jern was pushed backwards once again as a different soldier undid his breeches and pulled out his long erection and had moved himself onto the bottom of the bed quick enough before the rest had a chance to fuck a princess' elusive royal hole. The other men would have to settle for alternate means of teasing their commander before or if they got their chance to fuck her. She was still holding onto Jason's magnificent phallus before another appeared to her on her opposite, equally as appetising in its appearance, and also took it into her hand just as she felt herself being slowly penetrated down below, her vagina opening up to accommodate the lime piece of meat breaking in. The fourth participant present instead decided to give Jern's chest some much needed attention and presses his palms over her small breasts, groping what little he could as the princess let out a pleasurable groan from the feeling of her insides being filled up, unconsciously tightening clench harder on the dicks she was jerking off. 
