 Gyllen was weakly leaning over the wooden barrier of the poop deck whilst on his quivering knees as it rocked back and forth across the waves. He tied his hair back into a bunch, keeping it far away from his face in fear of retching into the ocean and getting chunks of this morning's breakfast tangled in his tresses. Not the most attractive situation the prince has been in.

"Ah! Get a load o' that sea air, Gyl! So nostalgic..." Min walked up the stairs to the bow of the ship, breathing deeply through her nostrils before giving Gyllen a friendly slap on the back, almost causing him to vomit then and there.

"Min! Please! I'm feeling very unwell at the moment..." Gyllen groaned.

"Man, I forgot how easily city folk get seasick." Min leaned back on a post next to the ill prince as seagulls squawked overhead. "We're dockin' in a bit anyway so hang in there."

"Already? I didn't think we would have reached Gaul so soon." Gyllen feebly lifted himself up.

"Nah, we're makin' a stop at a place in Noregr for supplies first. The people back in Malmhule barely gave the crew the time o' day. Some hospitality!"

"Min, did it not occur to you that perhaps they closed shop out of fear of being ransacked at the sight of a jolly roger?"

"Huh...guess it does make sense when ya put it like that." The goblin scratched at her nose. "Platina's so out o' the way from everywhere else so barely anyone in the trade bothers to make the trip up there, y'see. 'Spose they're not used t' seein' pirates."

"Implying that pirates in general are not a reason to instigate panic into a settlement..." Gyllen rolled his eyes.

"Nah, man! Most port towns are filled wi' 'em! Good for the local businesses, ya see? We don' go 'round pillagin' all the time, ya know."

"In any case, it would be nice to step on dry land again for a while."

"I can show ya 'round if ya want. Been there a couple times meself. I know a nice little whore house. Maybe we can find ya a cute orc lad with a dong as big as yer arm!" Min winked.

"...I think I'll just have a wander alone, thank you."

Once the ship had weighed anchor and set up its gangplank, Gyllen took his time, getting himself caught up in the moment. He took a deep breath of briny air and closed his eyes before taking a few cautious, creaky steps forwards down the wooden board until he felt the material underneath his feet turn to stone. Gyllen had stepped onto the ground of another country for the first time.

"Had yer moment yet, Yer Majesty?" Min broke the quiet, watching the pretentious actions from behind.

"I'm beginning to think you take a sadistic joy in mocking me, Min..." The prince slumped over as his theatrics were dashed, looking over as the goblin made her own casual way besides him.

"Well...yeah." The goblin chuckled. "Sure yer gonna be fine on yer own?"

"Min, if I can handle the Monster District, I'm pretty sure I can handle this place."

"Ooooh~! Jus' call ya badarse!" Min took an exaggerated step backwards. "Jus' try not t' get shanked, alright? Places like this make the Monster District look like a picnic in the park."

"Gods, don't you start acting like Mother now..."

"Pfft! Jus' watchin' yer back, Goldie." Min scoffed. "Anyways, Cap says we're only stayin' for the one night so be back by tomorrow mornin', got it? Catch ya later, Prince Pussy!" Min began walking away, off the jetty and into the town.

"Wait, what are you planning to do?" The prince asked his goblin friend as she strutted.

"I can have fun without ya, ya know! That brothel is still there, innit?"

"Indeed." Gyllen coughed. "Have fun, I suppose." And with that, Gyllen went his own separate way without any clear destination in mind. Meanwhile, the goblin rambled alone across the piers, passing by the many seafront establishments while on her merry way to get her various openings filled in by men twofold her size. However, she stopped her journey early outside of a building situated between a noxious fishmongers and sleazy literature shop. Compared to those two, it was an unusually squat structure, with proportionally measured swinging doors and circle-shaped windows. A rectangular signboard above the entrance simply dubbed the place: "The Short Shack."

Min pushed the double doors aside as she entered the construction. The low frame fitting her short body without any impediment. Inside, it was merely an average pub albeit on a reduced scale, with tables around the floor, booths against the wall and a bar stretching across the room. All of the patrons were non-humans of varying races, nothing too unusual, especially if you came from Malmhule's Monster District, although each attendee had something in common regardless of species: Every one of them was under five feet tall.

"Ah, unchanged..." Min blissfully sighed, moving closer inside. She barely took a few steps in before being barraged by a variety of whistles and whoops from a nearby gang of male goblins, sailors most likely judging from the attire, who had gotten quickly excited in seeing the first half-way decent looking member of their native race in quite the while.

"Hoy, lass! Lass! ya wanna chew on a big, juicy cucumber?" One of the obscene mariners not-so-subtly suggested. "Least give us a quick flash o' yer knockers! Do a greenie mate a favour, yeah?"

"Sorry, lads, but I'm in the mood for taller drinks o' water tonight, ya know?" Min walked on by them without giving them so much as a glance, hardly hiding her puffed-up attitude.

"Slag..." One of the males muttered. Typical goblin fashion to insult those you are unable to gain from but, to someone like Min, it was almost a compliment. Min rested an elbow on the bar, leaning her upper half over while sticking out her wide rear within her taut, brown shorts, with one stubby leg crossed over the other and resting on the toe tips of her boots. 

"Oi, matey!" She unsubtly grabbed the gnomish bartender's attention. "Four pints o' Nidavellir!" The goblin requested. He sharply got her order, placing the metallic mugs carefully on the counter as the green-skinned female . Min ungracefully grabbed the containers by their handles, miraculously not dropping a single drip as the foam heads swished around.

"Aren't you going to get someone to help you?" The barkeep asked, unsure about the goblin's method.

"Nah, mate, I'm jus' 'ere by meself."

"Wait, they're not ALL for you, are they?"

Min did not stay to answer and started to search for a unoccupied and stable table she could fit all the steins onto. Her concentration was diverted but for a moment thanks to the group of goblin sailors heckling her with raunchy invites and vulgar promises once more. By the time she realised she was on a collision course with another wandering, unaware customer, it was already far too late.

Walking into this unknown was like walking into a brick wall. Min bounced right off the immovable character and straight onto the floor, landing on her cushioned tush. The sudden recoil sent the quartet of steins flying from the goblin's hands and, as the laws of gravity combined with some bad luck dictated, half of the cooled contents splashed directly across the goblin's chest, soaking into her skimpy, brown top. Min jumped back up to her feet as quickly as she fell with a reactionary hoot from the sharp chill that nipped her breast flesh. Her nipples quickly and prominently stiffened against the fabric as a secondary result from the refrigerated liquid and all of the masculine eyes in the room took note. Min did not realise this as she was far too furious with the armoured attendee who had the other half of the fermented fluids showered over them.

"Watch where ya lookin'!" Min grabbed onto the stranger's damp shoulder and angrily turned them around to face her. "Ya owe me four pints now, ya arse!"

"You gotta be jokin', dog-face!? You'er the one paying for my cleaning bill! I'm soaked!" The other pygmy said back to Min in an equally unsophisticated voice, unintimidated. The person turned out to be a female dwarf, a sturdy, prideful people native to the north lands known for their natural talents in mining and manufacturing who mainly lived in grand underground cities built into mountains. Physically, they closely resembled humans, the only real differences in appearance being an average dwarf's more stout frame and inborn muscles. Every dwarf is also capable of growing magnificent facial hair, even the women! Although, beards have long fallen out of style for lady dwarves and you'll be hard pressed to find one who doesn't regularly shave. As was expected, this one was no expection, allowing her dirtied, yet handsome, face to be fully seen as it scowled down at Min as she stood a solid few inches above her even with the goblin's boots taken into account, with her burlier body and clenched fists on her waist. Her jawline was strong and her nose was broad. Her thick, blonde eyebrows creased above her pretty blue eyes while her soaked hair, separated into four unevenly lengthed braids running down her back, continued to drip with the fermented fluids. She was wearing a headband, now saturated by the brew, and attired in full iron battle gear with a shield on her back and a hand axe on her hip, indicating her occupation as a warrior, most likely a mercenary."You'er the one goin' around bumpin' into folks like a right bewt!"

"I don' know what that means but I doubt yer apologisin'..." Without backing down in the slightest, Min advanced against the fair-haired dwarf without breaking eye contact until their bodies touched. The two intensely stared daggers into one another, Min's sodden bust squished against the dwarf's chestplate as the goblin tilted her neck upwards a little. All gazes watched on in utter silence, expecting a grudge match to break out any minute now.

Moments before they had the opportunity to butt heads, however, the conflicting duo were anti-climatically divided by a third pair of hands.

"Hiiildaaa...!" The owner of these hands whined, revealling the dwarf's name. "I look away for two seconds and you're already getting into a scuffle again! You promised you wouldn't while we were in town!" The more peaceful of the pair was a halfling, yet another diminutive race whose population was widespread throughout the occidental countries. Halflings are generally timid folk who spend much of their days in their cosy hamlets working simple jobs no more complicated than field work. Almost paradoxically, however, is a halfling's endless curiosity. Many of them, especially young adults, end up leaving their tranquil birthplaces at least one point in their long lives, ranging from as short as a couple of weeks to as long as a few years, to see what this world has to offer aside from eating, sleeping and ploughing. It also presents the chance for them to take part in grand feats they can re-tell back home for future generations to remember them by. Some even end up moving into the bigger towns and cities permanently, finding themselves not able to return back to their humdrum existences. Thanks to their innate cunning and nimbleness, they are more capable than one may originally assume.

Ignoring their obvious low stature, halflings were characterised by their thick, curled hair, round ears somewhat larger than that of a human's and, perhaps most notable, their complete lack of footwear, thanks to the tissue on their feet being so dense that it completely negates their need for shoes or socks. This specific brunette specimen's locks kinked past her shoulders, with her ears sticking ever so slightly out from underneath. Her thin eyebrows furrowed over her wide eyes, the colour of which matched her hair perfectly. Her facial structure was softer than the dwarf's, round and even a little plump, with a cute button nose in the centre of her features. She was wearing a long, elaborate black coat, kept open while inside to reveal a smart burgundy vest and white shirt combination complete with a frilly cravat and a dark pair of trousers, giving off the aura of one who possessed a substantial amount of wealth.

"C'mon, Penny, just one punch! This munchkin wouldn't be able to handle it." Hilda tried to push against her partner's contending arm.

"Who's a munchkin, fatso!?" Min tried a tackle against the dwarf, only to have Penny prevent her doing so.

"I'm not fat! I'm stocky!" Hilda growled through her gritted teeth, unaware that she was squashing the halfling between herself and her spontaneous competitor. 

"Hilda!" Penny called out her associate's name in vain again.

"Alright, alright! Time out!" Min said after taking a step back and a deep breath through her nostrils and out her mouth, running her hand over her half-bald head. "I can show ya how goblins sort these things out! No clawin or scrathin', guaranteed!" Min proposed.

"I dunno...you'ev frustrated me to no end...it's gonna take a lot to help me vent now."

"Oh, ye'll get plenty vented this way, lemme tell ya~!" Min snickered. "I'm Min, by the by. Min Fe! Nice t' meetcha!" The goblin gave a last-minute ntroduction.

"The pleasure's ours..." Penny responded, trying to remain as civilised as she could in the circumstances, dusting off her jacket and fixing her hair. "My name is Penelope Copperpockets. My colleague here is Brunhilda Brasspick." Hilda merely scoffed and crossed her arms. "I'm a travelling merchant who goes about the region. Hilda here is an old friend who offered her services to be my bodyguard."

"Okay, ya can shut up now. I didn' ask for yer life story." Min interrupted the anecdote, half-listening. "Sooo...ya got a bed within walkin' distance or what?"

Penny calmed and convinced her partner to go along with whatever it was Min had in mind. Whatever it was, it was bound to be better than a daylight slugfest at the expense of both their reputations. Both her and Hilda just so happened to have a room rented out at an inn, conveniently not too far from the pub, which Min requested they went to for this particular escapade. Of course, with this naughty little goblin around, the trio's clothes did not stay on for much longer after entering, reassuring them this was all part of her method, even requesting that they pushed the two separate beds together. Now the three little people were lounging about in a circle on the twin mattresses, stripped bare. Min's bright lime flesh sticking out against the halfling and dwarf's more mundane skin tones. The goblin was as curvaceous as ever, sitting with her legs out to the side. Just as much as she looked in the armour, Hilda possessed quite a broad figure out of her protective gear too, revealling several recent and not-so-recent battle scratches decorating her torso. Her bust was not quite to the same level as Min's buxom chest but still impressive on its own merits nonetheless. If she had one thing over Min, it would be that her physique was built like a small tank. Underneath her breasts, her wide stomach was decorated with a visible six-pack. Her beefy arms were crossed and tensed as she knelt on the sturdy legs that supported her trunk. Between her thick, toned thighs was a dense, dark blonde carpet that narrowed towards the top, culminating in a thin happy trail to her navel.

Penny, however, was not quite as so blessed with her bosom as her evening's companions, possessing a pair of perky lady mounds. On the whole, she was nowhere near as buff as Hilda nor quite as voluptuous as Min, being much slimmer and petite in stature. Even among the shorter races, halflings were considered tiny. She sat slightly hunched over, crossed legged and with her hands between them, trying her best to slyly cover her not-as-impressive mammaries and her tassel of deep brown pubic hairs.

"Is this really how goblins settle their arguments...?" The sceptical Penny asked. 

"Sure, sure! Me and me mates do it all the time!"Min assured the halfling. "Nothin' like a good tussel in the sack to vent and feel good. We don' even remember what started it by the time we're done, it's that good!" Penny flashed a distrustful look towards the goblin.

"I'll show you how dwarves sort these things out the~!" Hilda showed a smirk and chuckled deeply. "Penny, do me a pal and go grab my bag."

"Hilda...you're not suggesting using...those, are you?" Penny's face turned grim but she did as she was asked anyway, reaching down to a nightstand to pick up a satchel on the floor, hoisting it up onto the mattress. "Why did I even get naked in the first place anyway...?" She questioned. Before an real reason could be given, Hilda took the bag from her associate, unfastening the strap and reaching in to slowly pull out a pair of long objects clanking together, curved almost at a 90 degree angle and made from a smooth, shiny metallic material, each with some sort of harness attached roughly at the midway point along with what appeared to be a little ball built into it.

"What in the Hel are those!?" Min asked, confused but intrigued all at once.

"The pinnacle of dwarven engineering!" Hilda proudly boasted. "Someone I know came up with them and Penny offered to take them out for a market test They're just prototypes at the moment though. Think you can handle them working out the bugs?"

"Pffft! Is the king of Platina a lard-arse? I can take it!" Min bragged with a snort. "No bugs though. That ain't me niche."

"Famous last words..." The dwarf mumbled before chucking one of the phalluses to Penny who fumbled to catch it. "Remember how to use it, Pen?" Hilda asked as she stood up on the mattress, legs apart. Gripping onto one end of the iron member and holding it up against her slit. Slowly, she pulled the tip of the steel sausage into her body, opening out her lower hole, quickly stretching and clogging her tight insides, struggling to slide it far into her muscled cunt. After much huffing and effort, Hilda had succeeded in embedding half of the metal object inside her pussy and swiftly fastened the various straps around her waist and inside her legs.

"Hang about, I've seen one of those before!" Min said, finally recognising the contraption. "How are they the pineapple o' dwarven in-the-rearing or whatever?"

"I'm glad you asked!" Hilda pinched on the tiny sphere between her finger and thumb and sharply tugged on it outwards, revealling it to be attached to a string within the dildo. A whirring noise could be heard within when this was done but no other apparent effects. "Uh...wait a bit..." Hilda frantically pulled on the thing twice more before it finally worked as intended. The rudely shaped device began to harshly vibrate. Hilda recoiled and gasped from the jolt she felt from the immediate activation of the tool, her legs quivered as she attempted to keep her tough image by refusing to fall down, despite feeling weak in the knees.

"Oh? That looks like a blast!" Min's orange eyebrow raised, having gained sudden fascination with the gadget in motion. "It doesn' look like yer gonna last long with it up yer snatch though." The goblin said as she watched the juices trickle down Hilda's inner thigh from her buzzing orifice.

"You'er going to be lasting a load less!" The dwarf claimed, finding her feet once again. "You ready, Penny?"

"R-ready..." The halfling meekly responded, having fastened her own peripheral in the mean time though yet to switch it on.

As they finally moved onto the fucking, Hilda ended up on her back after all to give her legs much needed relief, though it was intentional so she would not lose face. Big difference. Having gotten somewhat used to the tingling feeling, she attempted relaxing on the pillows with her hands behind her head, showing her unshaven underarms in the progress. 

"I'm waiting~" Hilda cooed, waggling the resonating rod.

"I know, I know! Keep yer pit hair on." Min retorted, situating herself above the dwarf's crotch. The goblin lowered her hips onto the stiff shaft, the tip of it only just barely touching her green folds yet sending a sensation akin to a discharge of electricity as it intensely tickled at nethers, causing the goblin to pull back in reflex after letting out a short squeal.
