 Ordinary life continued to tick by back in the prince's home country. While Gyllen was busy browsing books in a library some two thousand miles away, a single figure, dressed in a yellow hooded cloak and a frock of white as if to contemplate the uncommonly sunny Platinan afternoon and the marshmallow clouds drifting in the aether, was skipping merrily along a dirt path leading far from the outskirts of Malmhule, singing an upbeat song to herself and stopping only to pick wild daisies sprouting by the roadside to put into the wicker handbasket she carried on her arm. It was none other than Gyllen's own second-eldest sister: Princess Kobber. Her destination? Áttafótr Forest.

Áttafótr Forest was a large, dense woodland within half a day's walking distance of Malmhule, located directly between the capital city and the next major town. The forest was notable for having gone virtually untouched by the hands of lumberjacks and foragers for the centuries Platina had been settled in spite of the abundance of resources to be found within. Why this was, nobody knew for certain. Perhaps there was a primordial fear of the unknown to the forest fueled by generations upon generations raised on folk tales of bloodthirsty draugar, cannibalistic crones, malevolent spirits falsely leading wanderers astray and countless other such terror stories which Áttafótr seemed to have been the prime setting for, culminating into a collective unconscious aversion for the uncharted woods. Why was Kobber - a girl whose favourite hobbies were limited to baking decorative fairy cakes and crayon sketching unicorn foals bounding over rainbows -- traveling to such dooming territory then? The answer was very simple: her twin sister asked to meet her there.

The only settlements she passed by were one or two farming communities, too small to even be considered villages, as the earthen trail underfoot began to merge with the grass and weeds. The average traveler would have been exhausted before long making this trip on foot at the same brisk pace as the princess, but Kobber was just as sprightly as she had been since rousing from her full nine hours of sleep that morning. In due course, the princess saw the great forest come into view and found herself standing before its boundary shortly thereafter, sizing up the grand trees from their immemorial roots to the apex of their burgeoning branches. She peered past the trunks and into the tenebrous thicket, seeing nothing but nebulous umbras flit amongst the evergreens and underbrush, before whirling around a full 360° to survey her surroundings in search for any hint of her sibling's presence.

"Hmm, now where could Sølv be...?" Kobber thought aloud to only herself. "It's not like her to run late. Or maybe I'm just early? Yeah, that's it! All I gotta do is wait for a little bit."

The canary-cowled female helped herself to a seat on a waist-high boulder that lay by the roadside, after first lightly sweeping it clean of excess lichen by hand, humming a jolly tune as she idly kicked her feet. It did not take very long, however, for the distrait princess to grow restless with boredom, fidgeting with her basket to occupy the time. She knew she should have brought Mr. Brennbar with her today for some company! It was in that moment when her innocent mind shifted to more pornographic musings. She could always turn to indulging in her next most favourite pastime to while away the minutes with. Oh, but she had never done it out of doors before. Would that be alright? Sølv always said to keep those sort of lewd things they do as strictly private affairs, but looking to her left and to her right, she could not see another living soul for miles in either direction. In fact, the only semblances of civilization she could perceive were a pair of houses across on the other side of a wide meadow, though they were distant enough that she doubted anybody looking from their windows would be able to discern the precise actions she was considering to perform should she keep them discreet enough.

Kobber placed her basket down onto the ground next to her improvised stool then reached down to the hem of her knee-length dress before lifting it up to her waist, revealing more of the opaque, gauze tights that covered the span from her toes to her pelvis. She slipped a hand underneath the white pantyhose, then further into her silk bloomers to reach her velvety blossom lain between her satiny legs while the other cupped onto her ample chest. Her smile only further widened as her fingertips explored her smooth mons Veneris and the unchaste cleft it enclosed. Without any gradual anticipation or preparation, Kobber pushed her index finger against her balmy ingress and slid it inside herself straight away, instantly following it up with her middle and even her ring finger, all within the space of two seconds! Her eyelids dropped and the digits on her right hand impressed deep into the pliable tissue of her clothed breast, allowing a happy moan to escape from her grinning mouth as she widened and filled her cavity down below.

The princess then started moving her three digits in and out of her promiscuous pussy with relative ease. Though her undergarments were stifling her motions somewhat, it did not hamper her enthusiasm in the slightest. Kobber played with herself at least once per night ever since Sølv introduced her to the concept all those years ago, and had conditioned herself into deriving the greatest gratification and orgasms by stuffing herself to her maximum capacity, though do not let this imply she was overly slack in the downstairs department after hours of use, as it was still quite the strain for her to entirely slot the triple insertion inside her aperture while also ensuring it was comfortable enough to slide back and forth at a substantial speed. Only the outline of her fist could be seen bouncing forth from the space betwixt her plump thighs, stretching the white material of her tights close to their tearing point with her efforts. One foot was planted against the rock's surface, while the other rigidly stretched out straight ahead, trembling from the coursing delight as she forwent rationing any stamina. The risk of performing such a lewd stunt in the open air where anybody could chance upon her in the midst of auto-eroticism served to heighten Kobber's pleasure, even if she was not fully cognizant of that aspect herself, and she was soon on the cusp of a hastened climax before a voice, at once as smooth and trenchant as a shard of broken glass, suddenly whispered into her left ear.

"Does your abasement recognise no threshold?"

Kobber squealed and nearly toppled off her stone seat from the fright brought on by the unheralded speech of this second person, though she shortly calmed down once she saw whom it was. Standing slightly stooped over centimetres away from where the princess sat, a lissom woman of analogous age with black hair and in similarly black trappings loured down on the masturbating brunette from above as the alabaster skin of her angular, inscrutable face almost glowed in the reflection of the sun's rays.

"Oh, hiya, Sis!" Kobber greeted Sølv, hand still in underwear. "I was wondering when you were gonna show up! Uh...wanna join me?" She asked as casually as one would ask a friend if they would like to join them for lunch.

"Contrary to your own tactless practices, I understand when to restrain my urges accordingly. Even excepting that, I have no desire to expend my libido at this present time...and I recommend neither should you." The younger sibling replied. "Now come. We mustn't loiter for long." Sølv commanded her elder sister as she turned direction and began to march.

"Okay!" Kobber enthusiastically responded, promptly rearranging her appearance into something more presentable as she followed her twin, nearly forgetting to lift her basket as she hurried behind. "But...where are we going, Sølv?"

"Surely even your sub-par intellect could deduce the answer following my request to rendezvous with you at this location." Sølv gave a semblance of a sigh. "I should have known better than to misplace such faith in you..."

"Wait, you don't mean Áttafótr Forest, do you!?" Kobber exclaimed, shrinking at the sudden realisation. "I don't wanna get grabbed by the ghosties and the ghoulies, Sølv!"

"Such tales are simply the gross exaggerations fabricated by undereducated peasant folk starved of any worthwhile stimuli in their piteous existences." The younger sister explained. "No malady shall be inflicted upon thee in these woods, provided you don't astray far from my presence."

"If you say so, Sis..." Kobber responded, not entirely convinced by Sølv's claims just as they arrived to the woodland's edge.

Sølv passed the periphery between the grasslands and the forest without hesitation, her travelling boots scrunching the untamed foliage underneath. She continued onwards without looking back to watch Kobber struggle in taking her first steps into the infamous backwood, but the elder princess eventually plucked up her gall and blindly barrelled her way among the pines with a panicky cry, stopping only when she had collided into her sister's back. Kobber rebounded from the impact and fell bottom-first onto the forest floor while Sølv somewhat stumbled forwards though retained her balance, turning her head on her brash sibling with a twitching eyelid of repressed annoyance as the brunette returned the gaze with bewildered, brown eyes. After a solid second of staring, the younger twin resumed the journey before the older of the two picked herself back up, dusted off the rear of her frock and began walking aside her sibling.

Even though the sun had a while yet before it set, it may as well have been dusk within the confines of the forest as the trees' concentrated needles allowed very little light to break through. Kobber stepped very carefully, having already nicked her shins several times on some unseen nettles and thorns, and clung to the sleeve of Sølv's coat, who seemed confident in her stride to know where they were destined even in the limited illumination. It was during this voiceless walk that Kobber noticed just how deathly silent the entire forest seemed to be. It was not just quiet, but a complete absence of sound other than the soft footfalls of the two princesses: no chittering of magpies, no croaks of frogs, no hums of damselflies. Even the wind did not seem to dare breeze past the eerie trunks.

"Sølv...what are we even doing here?" Kobber struck up a conversation with her gloomier twin as a way to ease the pervading tension she was currently feeling, doubting her little sister's judgment for the first time as far back as either of them could recall.

"There are some...associates of mine I wish to present you to." Sølv abstractly answered.

"What, here!? In the middle of Áttafótr Forest?"

"More so in the further reaches of the forest, but that is more or less correct."

"Well, why couldn't we have just met them in the marketplace back home or something instead!?" Kobber whined.

"The festivities we host are...unable to be conducted in civilised domains."

"Festivities...? Oh! You mean like a party?" The brunette brightened up for the first time since she had entered the woods.

"Something of the like, yes."

"Oh, goody! And here I was worried we were going to be baked into creepy, old hag's pie!" Kobber's worries evaporated in the wink of an eye and replaced with laughter. "Wonder if I'll make any new friends..."

After a long trek of no further speech, the brightly costumed girl could eventually hear what sounded to be the soft bubbling of a closeby brook and, sure enough, the pair soon happened across a small stream spewing from a natural fount in the earth. Here, there was a small clearing in the canopy where the sun could finally shine through almost unobscured, though its orange tinge glinting upon the water's running surface suggested it was now close to disappearing behind the horizon. The oddest things there, however, were a pair of flowing, man-made fabrics draped over the branches of a nearby sapling, seemingly placed there in advance and striking out from the shadows with their brilliant white colourations. The black-haired princess approached and took the two cloths into her arms, handing one over to her copper-haired sister while keeping the other for herself.

"Oh! Are we playing dress-up now?" Kobber excitedly asked as she held the garb out in front of her and let it unfold to inspect its appearance. It appeared to be a full-bodied robe with long, wide sleeves and a hood, overall nondescript in design though there was a large, striking insignia embroidered with silver threads on the centre of the chest: that of a small circle set inside of an octagon set further inside a larger octagon, with eight lines connecting all three shapes starting from the circumference of the middlemost circle, each cutting through one of the vertices on both octagons, like the spokes on a wheel, before protruding outwardly and bending at obtuse, clockwork angles.

"Don't burden yourself any material neath the vestments." Sølv advised the other as she was slid her jacket from her shoulders and hung it to the same small tree she procured the loose garments from. "You'll ascertain it will...streamline our forthcoming undertakings."

Kobber nodded, showing she understood the general connotations of what Sølv's overelaborate dialogue was conveying, and began to strip down from her cutesy finery one article at a time, undergarments and all. It did not take long before she stood totally nude amongst the verdure with her dress left in a disorganised heap by her feet, her impressive breasts remaining fairly firm even without support. The brunette also occasionally took a few coy glances over in her sister's direction during this time, catching glimpses of Sølv at various stages of nakedness, including the moment when the paler twin unhooked her dark, lacy brassiere from her thorax, providing Kobber with a full-frontal view of her sibling's subtler bosom. The older twin believed her sister unsuspected her voyeuristic acts, but Sølv was indeed fully aware of them. In fact, the younger twin made a couple of peeps of her own to the unbeknownst Kobber, studying her copper-haired sister's voluptuous physique with expressionless scrutiny until it was hidden away by the intervention of white cloth.

"Uh...sis? Do you think this is a little tight on me...?" Kobber said once she had fitted the dress onto her as best as she was able, her curvaceous outline very apparent even through the modest garb as she tugged on it in several places in an attempt to slacken it even marginally from her bust and hips.

"Hmm...strange. We're of equivalent height, are we not? I seamed the apparel myself to the precise measurements as my own." Sølv said as she slipped into her own gown, which fitted perfectly onto her comparatively slender frame. "...Then again, I did not factor in your overabundant other dimensions..." She added while staring directly at her sister's burgeoning chest the fabric hugged so tightly against, with traces of lust and envy flickering behind her cold eyes. "Alas, it cannot be helped at this time. We must make haste to the appointed meeting grounds, but first don this 'fore we set forth once again."

Sølv handed Kobber a second piece of clothing woven from the same white material as the first, albeit far smaller in size. Judging from the two carefully incised holes made in its fabric, it was a mask of some sort. Eight strings dangled from the bottom trim of this mask; four beneath each eyehole, but they seemed too long, uniform and deliberate to be considered frayed threads, which was indeed confirmed when Kobber saw eight threads hanging in identical spots on Sølv's own mask once the latter had fitted hers onto her head. The mask covered the entire top half of her skull, stopping on the bridge of her nose, as her straight, coal-black locks spilled out from underneath the visor's rim. Kobber likewise made do, giggling when she felt the loose strands tickle her cherubic cheeks, though she did struggle somewhat in containing her fluffy auburn curls within the cowl's confines, ending up looking noticeably clownish as the exposed ringlets exaggeratedly poofed outwards from either side of her face. She then lifted the hood over her head, copying her sister's identical action.

Before they resumed their traipse, the younger sister first outstretched her hand, holding it open and facing upwards, as she muttered a couple unintelligible words which caused magical energies to coalesce in the creases of her palm and formed into a small phosphorescent orb of brilliant pale-blue. The raven-haired female then gently tossed the luminous ball up into the air, where it slowly floated upwards before stopping just shy of three inches above their veiled heads, hovering in place. The sphere illuminated a decent radius all around them to combat the impinging darkness, with the light following Sølv wherever she moved, giving Kobber extra incentive to keep pace with her sister.

They further walked for what was at least an additional hour and a half. Kobber kept unusually quiet for close to the entire duration, finding it rather difficult to open any topics of discussion while being so out of her element in these sinister, primeval woods, though she did ask some sporadic questions such as "how much further is it?" or "what are we gonna do when we get there?", all of which were met with the same ambiguous answer of "in the fullness of time, my incorruptible larva". The only other vocalisation the brunette made during this latter half of this slog was the unironic non-expletive of "oh, poo!" when she momentarily lost her footing in a deep puddle half-hidden by algae. The overall terrain was becoming marshier by the moment to the point where Kobber was forced to trace Sølv's footing exactly on narrow, grassy catwalks to avoid stumbling into the morasses a second time, reeds and fungi quickly quashing the florets and shrubberies. Exactly how far was Sølv intending to venture into the forest to the extent where it was morphing into swampland?

Just then, a single orange flame could be seen distantly flitting high off the ground against the perfect gloom like a dancing apparition. Though incredibly ominous to Kobber, Sølv approached the burning waypoint without pause. The elder sister had no other choice but to do likewise, the creeping fear in her heart of unknowing giving way to the inexhaustible curiosity of her spirit. The closer they came to the queer beacon, the more plainly Kobber could discern the combustion was, in actuality, merely an ordinary torch being held aloft by an individual of towering stature accoutered in the same white costume to that of the twins, right down to a matching three-tiered symbol emblazoned on the sternum. Kobber could only presume this was one of the 'associates' Sølv had mentioned earlier. The figure stood stock-still like a statue before the yawning entrance of a tunnel hollowed out from a fallen log of immense size, which acted as a bridge to a lonely, sizable islet encircled by monolithic, moss-coated menhirs, situated in the nucleus of some treacherous bog.

Having no further need for her enchantment, Sølv dissipated the luminescent sphere into several dozen tiny particles with a flick of her wrist, the embers continuing to twinkle briefly as they drifted in all directions before their glow snuffed out completely. The younger sister then approached the lofty sentinel, markedly a male judging by the broad shoulders and prominent jawline they possessed, as Kobber waited behind at a few steps' separation, noticing the masked man was equipped with a cruel, iron mace on the flank of his belt.

"Halt." The scowling man ordered in a dour tone of voice, raising his free hand as an indication for Sølv to stop in her tracks. "State thy name."
