 As the sun peeked over the eastern horizon and beamed its first rays of dawnlight over Caliga, the prince of Platina regained consciousness from the depths of dreamland. Despite having almost every ounce of his energy reserves dried up the previous night, Gyllen's few hours of sleep were anything but sound, having been stuck in the exact same position on his side all night long by his unsolicited bedmate (or rather, mattressmate) preventing him from readjusting his posture even in the slightest from the way she kept such a tight embrace on him from behind. The blond was starting to feel cramps in his shoulders, biceps and knees, and his right arm had gone close to numb from lying on it for all that time.

At least now somewhat rested, Gyllen was about to attempt a negotiation with his kidnapper regarding his release, perhaps striking a compromise that he would return to her later that night without grievance, though if this morning's plans went as intended, he would be leaving this gaol before breakfast. With his abductor's mental state in question however, he doubted such a prospect would be so easily achieved as he envisioned. In an effort to rouse his partner awake, Gyllen shook his body from side to side as vigorously as he could while locked in her unbending embrace but it was to little effect. In fact, her hold seemed even more adamant than what he remembered the previous evening, as it refused to falter even in the minutest of ways despite his absolute best efforts.

It was then Gyllen had realised there was something off about the way he was being spooned. For one, he could not hear the winged woman breathe despite her mouth and nose being just behind his ears, neither could he feel her chest raise or lower against his back or feel her hot exhales against his neck. The prince then raised his left hand to where he felt the horned female's arms still wrapped around his chest and - instead of warm, leather-like flesh - Gyllen's fingertips instead met with the unmistakable rugged texture of cold, solid stone!

Turning his neck and shoulders as far around as they were able from his posture, Gyllen was greeted by what resembled the same non-human countenance which leered down on him only a few hours ago, only now it had the appearance of freshly chiselled rock! A lapse in his knowledge made Gyllen misremember the fact that, for reasons long forgotten even by their own kind, a gargoyle's body would petrify to the point where they were completely indistinguishable from statues during daylight hours, with the one who had spirited the prince away being no exception, her face frozen with pure content from now until night descended once more over the prison complex. For any nocturnal being, it was the perfect defence mechanism during periods of sleep, and rightfully earned gargoyles their epithet as true creatures of the night.

Ecstatic from this welcome reminder and not wanting to waste a single second of the opportunity longer than needed, Gyllen set to work slipping himself free from the fossilised female, though such a thing was far easier uttered than accomplish considering the non-existent flexibility of the arms pressed so tightly against his trunk. A fair while of constant wiggling, squeezing and the near dislocation of his clavicle later, the prince was just barely able to slide his slender self from the resilient grasp, though not without scuffing the sleeves of his ruffled shirt and the light skin that lay underneath it in the process. With a sigh of the utmost relief after his blond head passed through her arms - still stationary in a ring shape as if she were still holding onto something - the prince staggered onto his feet and finally yanked his jodhpurs up over his waist for the first time since the gargoyle first pulled them down last night before peering over the precipice of where the winged woman had nested to size up the next obstacle he had to undertake.

Upon looking directly down from the high perch to the ground floor three stories down, Gyllen was struck with a sudden bout of vertigo. Growing weak in the knees, the boy stumbled (fortunately) backwards, falling onto his bottom and scuttling away from the edge until his back pressed up against the wall opposite, a cold sweat breaking out as he began to hyperventilate. What a time for him to discover his acrophobia! His nerves calmed a short while later and he approached the ledge once more to make a second, more wary peek, this time focusing his stare on the highest walkway instead of the lowest level, though even the distance between that and where he crouched was still a sheer drop roughly ten feet in height.

Though he racked his brains for a good few minutes, the prince simply could not conceive any other choice available to him unless he wished to spend the rest of his day stranded in this recess, and the ensuing night beneath the frame of the gargoyle girl once again. The blond waited until all feeling was restored in his right arm before taking a deep breath of resolve and turning away from the edge, then gripping the ridge tightly in his fingertips and very carefully sliding one bootless foot from off the ledge, followed closely by its counterpart. Gyllen kept his soles firmly planted against the walls while straining every muscle in his arms to hold himself up as he slowly lowered himself down to the balcony below.

It did not take too terribly long before Gyllen found himself dangling loosely with only his hands to support his entire body as they clung to dear life on the fringe above. Even with the lad's entire physique outstretched as much as it possibly could, there was still a fair span between himself and solid ground. As Gyllen hung in place, beginning to regret his foolhardy actions and contemplating his next move, he could feel his fingers begin to slack on the ledge, unable to keep the rest of his body suspended for very much longer. The prince, despite his fears, knew that with his meagre upper body strength there was not a chance he would be able to pull himself back up to the alcove, and instead steeled himself further for the brief fall about to follow. Before his digits slipped off themselves, he released his hold on the ledge by his own volition and sharply plummeted earthwards for a fleeting second, his heart rocketing into his throat even though the fall in that short time.

The prince landed feet first on the stone catwalk with a resounding thud and a brief pain shooting through his legs, the fact he was currently missing his footwear aside from a pair of white socks certainly did not help lessen the impact either. Soreness notwithstanding, Gyllen was overjoyed that he managed to finally escape from the winged woman's eyrie, though soon remembered he was not out of the woods quite yet. If anything, he had only landed himself into an even more perilous situation as he peered inside the cell he had just dropped in front of to see all six bunks within were filled with inmates of varying species, though each occupant mercifully appeared to be sound asleep despite the fairly audible thump the blond just made not two metres from where they snored.

Warily and unhurried, Gyllen began tip-toeing his way down the walkway, taking particular precaution not to make further startling noises as he passed the various niches holding the criminal women, looking in each one to be extra sure none were awake to see him, the faces of some he recognised the previous evening as those who had been pawing for his body. Fortunately, it appeared none of the residents of the recesses passed were up and about quite yet at this early hour. Gyllen crept along the catwalk for another short while, looking over the entirety of the stronghold dimly lit by a handful of sunbeams streaking through the barred windows, finding a strange eeriness to the stillness of the atmosphere after the night of such havoc - not unlike the tranquillity which followed a devestating thunderstorm - until he reached a corner of the building, which in turn led into a short, stone corridor to his immediate left. It was then Gyllen had realised he had not the slightest notion on his bearings nor how to even navigate the complex.

Not knowing where exactly the hallway would lead, Gyllen decided following it regardless was as good an option as any in his ultimate goal of reaching the bottommost floor before being caught by any of the inmates, the lack of any compartments visible along its walls helping him reach that decision. The prince turned and promptly began walking down the passageway until it split off into two paths leading in opposing directions. Taking the left branch, Gyllen continued his way...only to soon be interrupted by yet another junction, this time selecting a right turn before quickly arriving at a four-way intersection.

Such a thing continued happening for three or four bends more and Gyllen was quickly growing weary of this labyrinthine layout with nothing to distinguish the brick walls from one another, thinking whoever plotted the prison was anything but a believer in intuitive design. Happening upon a another four-way intersection that could very well be the first again, the prince marched directly ahead without so much as glancing down either of the side passages, caution thrown to the wind simply from wanting to find his way out of the infuriating maze as punctually as possible. Little did the frustrated boy realise that his wish was about to be granted very soon.

"Oi!" A female voice suddenly called out from behind as soon as Gyllen had crossed the space where the two corridors met. Naturally, the blond froze in his tracks and hesitantly pivoted around to face the one who had discovered him and was greeted by three separate non-humans of differing races leaning their backs up against the wall behind the corner the prince had just passed, with none of them surpassing much further than four feet in height. From right to left, the trio consisted of a goblin, a dwarf and a kobold, each one sporting relatively cute features by the standards of their respective species and outfitted in simple, mousy garbs consisting of a shirt, slacks and sandals, all with their eyes trained on the male with devious smiles on their miens.

"Yer the new blood, ain'cha? Gods, even up close, I can hardly tell yer a bloke..." The same voice added, evidentially belonging to the goblin. She stood somewhat taller than the kobold and slightly shorter than the dwarf, though only if you did not take into consideration the outlandish purple mohician her hair had been intricately cut , gelled and segmented into nine distinct spikes from just above her forehead to the nape of her neck that became lengthier the closer they came towards the centre of her skull, the longest of which stretching to an altitude that matched the span from her chin to her crown.

Some other distinct features the green-skinned girl possessed were a pair of narrow eyes with irises that matched the colour of her ludicrous hairstyle, three silver studs embedded underneath her right eyebrow, three rings pierced around her lower lip on the opposing side and a long golden chain attached from her right nostril connecting to a hoop on the lobe of her pointed ear on the same half of her face. While she was of a similar stature to Min, this goblinoid was not quite so endowed in the chest but more than made up for it with her lower half, with thighs so disproportionately thickset, they looked as though they were about ready to burst the stitched seams of her bottoms any moment now.

"Y-yes, that's right...!" Gyllen eventually stammered an answer to her purely out of polite habit, the worry of what they had in mind for him apparent in both his expression and his tone.

"Ah, relax, laddie. We don' bite. Well, 'cept maybe Yippy o'er 'ere fro' time t' time..." The dwarf with black hair plaited into pigtails was the next to speak up in an incredibly nasally accent. As typical for her kind, her frame was stout, with beefy arm, staunch legs and a very noticeable gut overhanging from her belt. However, that was overshadowed by the sheer enormity of her bosom outstretching her top and showing a surprising amount of cleavage from the outstretched neck hole, far and away possessing the largest pair out of the three females, so much so that the patch she wore around her left eye was the second prominent feature Gyllen noticed about her.

Her sentence was immediately followed up by the excited yapping coming from the diminutive, lizard-like humanoid standing next to her - presumably the one known as 'Yippy' - her green eyes wide with enlarged pupils to suit the ecstatic smile on her open muzzle. From the rims where her black, sharp horns protruded backwards from atop her flat cranium down to where four equally dark claws on each foot constituted as her toes -- three in front with one at the heel -- beautiful scintillating scales as red as rubies coated her skin. While her bosom may have been flat as a cutting board considering her reptilian nature (a fact further highlighted by her standing next to such an insanely stacked dwarf), the kobold nonetheless possessed a set of wide hips that rivalled those of her goblin associate. Even from the angle at which he was peeping, Gyllen could also plainly see her rump to be the most rounded and perfectly formed out of the three, with a short tail sprouting just above from the small of her back unconsciously waggling from side-to-side from pure excitement.

"Neg an' masel' caught a wee cheeky keek o' ye comin' in las' night, but we stayed well away frae that mess, didn' we?" The single-eyed dwarf added, turning to the violette goblin as she finished.

"Sure did! Most a' the joint's still conked out clean from that brawl!" Neg said. "Las' we saw a' ya, ya were bein' lugged up to th' rafters by that barmy ol' gargoyle. T' be honest, I'm shocked ya survived th' night! I've heard stories 'bout the some a' the shit she got up to 'fore she got slammed int' this dump, and not a one a' them end pretty. Me an' Herkja were takin' bets if ya were ever gonna come out in one piece!"

"Mind ye owe me now, ya stingy snotskin..." Herkja, apparently the busty dwarf's name, whispered aside to the goblin before turning her attention back the blond. "Whit ye dain' creepin' aboot here noo anyway?"

"Truth be told, ladies, I appear to have gotten myself a little lost..." Gyllen admitted, lowering his guard a little upon seeing the trio acting relatively friendly towards him.

"Yeah, I hear ya, pal. This place can be a bitch t' get around the firs' couple times." Neg said. "Ya bes' stick wi' us if ya want even a chance t' survive, boyo."

"Oh! Well, thank you very much for the offer, madam!" Gyllen perked up, moved by such a kind gesture. "I'm actually searching for the gaoler at the moment. I was hoping to explain what a terrible mistake has been made and get myself released as soon as possible. Perhaps one of you could point me in the right direction?"

"Oooh, sorry tae say, mate, but th' guards oanly mak' their roonds here wance a week." Herkja answered. The prince felt a pit grow in his stomach. "We gote some o' the nastiest fowk tae e'er be on th' rag doon here, and there ain't no way any guard wi' an ounce o' sense in their noggin is gonnae risk their necks hangin' oot wi' us 24/7 fer th' kinda wages they get. We're pretty much left tae oor ain devices."

"W-well, when are they next due to come in?" Gyllen stammered out his next question, unsure if he wanted to hear the answer.

"Lessee...I think we had an inspection jes' the day 'fore last..." Neg responded.

"Really? Ah swear they came in tae drap aff some rations yesterday right afore Blondie 'ere showed face." Herkja added. Not wanting to be left out, Yippy contributed to the conversation with a couple of unintelligible snaps and snarls, even if it all it had done was to remind her collaborators of her presence.

"In any case, it sounds like it's gonna be a while yet.'till they next come down, so ya might as well make yersel' comfy 'till they do." The goblin said. "C'mon! We'll give ya a quick run-down o' the place. Who knows? Mebbe ya'll end up wantin' t' stay by th' end o' it~" As she spoke her final sentence, her tongue's tip almost imperceptibly skimmed across the ring-adorned lower lip of her wicked smirk with a mischievous glint present in her amethyst eyes which Gyllen was all too familiar with...

"O-oh, um...well, I'm grateful for the offer and all...but I'd hate to make myself a burden. I'm sure you all have things more important to tend to..." Gyllen attempted to excuse himself in the most courteous manner he could manage, having had his fill of excitement on this excursion already satiated since last night.

"Ya kiddin'? We got fuck all else t' do in here! Ya'd be doin' us a favour if anythin'!" Neg interrupted him as she sprung forward and wrapping her arm around the prince's left wrist, pulling him closer to her short body, forcing him into a somewhat stoop.

"C'mooon~ Humour us fer a wee bit, aye?" Herkja was the next to approach, similarly linking her more muscular limb with the prince's other arm and yanking him even more sharply towards herself, almost causing him to topple over. The goblin and the dwarf then escorted Gyllen back down the way he had come from with Yippy enthusiastically hopping close behind making eager noises all the while, reaching up and pushing her pygmy paws into his plump tush to further steer the prince along. Even with his limited might, Gyllen could have easily overpowered the kobold and the goblinoid, and maybe even the dwarf in a pinch, but found himself unable to bring himself to do such, merely following their lead to wherever it was the tiny triad were taking him despite his clear protests, whether out of simple pacifism or subconscious intrigue, even he was not sure himself.

The next thing Gyllen knew, he was standing in a side room located on the ground floor, relieved entirely of his clothing and by the three non-human girls who now surrounded him, each equally as nude as the blond teen (barring Neb's piercings and Herkja's patch)! As he stood in discomfited silence with his face burning red and only the palms of his hands concealling his flaccid manhood, Gyllen distracted himself from the lecherous leers emitted in his direction by the three females to examine the contents of the room, counting sixteen sizeable craters set in the brick floor in a four-by-four formation, each one filled to roughly half its capacity by a small stream of water flowing from a hole in the wall (likely sourced from a nearby river running outside the penitentiary) and through a series of symmetrical trenches strategically running through the ground and past each depression, with a circular grate about fifteen centimetres in diameter installed the wall of every basin to gradually drain the water underground, preventing overflow.

The prince was reminded of the bathing facilities back home in Castle Malmhule, assuming this room fulfilled a similar purpose from its general configuration, the number of frayed towels stacked on a table in the corner, and the fact that all four members of the group were stark naked. The guess was all but confirmed when Gyllen was brought over and into the centre of nearest bath by his newly made acquaintances, although upon hesitantly dipping his toes into the murky, lukewarm water that more so resembled a woodland pond, he discovered that the water level just barely came up over his knees whereas it more or less reached to the midriffs for each of the others who surrounded him.

"Firs' things firs', lad, we gotta get that gargoyle's stink off a' ya!" Neg said -- her bare form revealing the barbells which punctured through both her deep green nipples - as she grabbed a splotchy bar of soap within a nearby indent, dunking it momentarily underneath the water before rubbing it between her palms to lather up a decent amount of bubbles before passing it over to Herkja. "Now don' be shy, love, we know what we're doin'~" The goblin waded a couple steps closer to the blond until she stood just a few millimetres shy of trotting on his toes. She craned her neck backwards just to catch another glimpse of the prince's blushing expression as she reached her soapy mitts up to his own and unceremoniously slapped them away from his crotch, exchanging a brief salacious smile in return before bringing her head back down to face the goods that lay beneath, her purple peepers brightening up exponentially.
