 Kellenn found the Prince sitting on the edge of the pond casually tossing pebbles in. He sat down beside him and tossed a few as well. They stayed there watching the fish slowly swim with the occasional splash as one broke the surface.

"How long do you think it will take" The prince finally said breaking the silence.

"A turn of the large moon, maybe less with everyone seeking sanctuary." Kellenn whispered back.

"No, how long will it take before he..." the princes voice broke and he could not speak as his eyes began to water. Try as he could no words would come out.

"I am sorry My Lord, I know it is hard. The queens dragon is already dead, she died when your mother passed on. Already Charok is showing sickness, his scales are dulling. As strong willed as he is, a rotation of the small moon is the most."

The prince remained quiet for several minutes before looking around to ensure no one was around. He told Kellenn of what Archmage Gweorcyn had said earlier.

Kellenn whispered " Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito"

"How can you say that? We are facing war and the throne will be vacant when it starts. How do we overcome this misfortune?" The Prince said turning to Kellenn and staring at him with a blank face.

"I do not know your highness" Kellenn said quickly. "You can not take the throne while unwed, and the end of the reign of king Ademes is drawing close."

"I plan on leaving at nightfall and searching for princess Raniel shortly after the memorial for the Queen."

"I will assemble a search group by then" Kellenn said, his voice sounding saddened.

They remained quiet and just started into the water. Even the fish seemed to sense their grief and had disappeared into the dark part of the pond.

It was Kellenn who broke the trance they were under. "Rachel did survive. I went to the infirmary earlier looking for you. She is weak but she lives."

"Are you sure you were looking for me and not checking on a certain red head?" The Prince jokingly replied.

Grinning ear to ear Kellenn just shook his head. They both stood and started walking in the direction of the infirmary. The Prince took notice of how many people had already began to repair the castle. As he passed by them he thanked them for their loyalty and dedication. The pungent smoke coming from the orc bodies as they were being burned was becoming thicker as they neared the infirmary.

Scanning the courtyard the prince saw more people then what lived in the local villages and areas. He walked towards a heavily packed caravan that had just entered the gates, stopping the lead mule he saw that it was an elderly man dressed in rags and not fit for a long journey.

"What village did you hail from?" The prince asked with his nose wrinkling from the smell coming from the man which was worse then the smoke from the orc bodies.

Bowing his head the elderly man replied "I bring my family from the city of Valwick. We seek refuge as the city was pillaged and burned."

"Burned!" The Prince said in an alarmed voice. "Tell me, what became of the Lord and who did this?"

"Forgive me your Highness, I believe it was orcs and they used magic. As for the Lord, he and his family were hung from the city gates."

"Take your family to the showers and see the healers after wards." The Prince barked as he turned and walked away. He found a squire and told him that he wanted to meet with the Head of Arms immediately and he would be in the infirmary.

Arriving at the infirmary he saw that makeshift tents had been set up around the building. Healers looked very tired but they were still checking on the injured. Entering the building everyone became quiet and bowed their heads. He motioned them to continue their activities.

Finding the private bed that Rachel was laying in he sat down next to it. He watched her slow and labored breathing. Taking her hand in his her eyes opened. She smiled at him and he gently kissed her on her forehead. He whispered "You look stunning as always."

She opened her mouth as if to say something but closed it again. He just smiled at her and squeezed her hand. Letting go of her hand he grabbed the cotton sheet that covered her and pulled it off her. Her naked body reacted to the cool air as her nipples hardened. He continued to remove the blanket until he saw her leg. The healers had removed the rest of the knee from her wounded leg and had covered the end with linens. His fingers touched her thigh and he moved them half way down her leg until he felt the heat from the redness. He pulled the sheet back over her and smiled at her before leaning over her.

"I was afraid that I had lost you forever." He whispered in her ear. "No matter what becomes of us do know that you have always brought me joy and comfort. I would be lost without you." He kissed her gently on the lips.

Just then Kellenn and the Head of Arms entered followed by healers. The healers bowed before going to the foot of the bed. As they pulled the covers up revealing her stump she smiled at the Prince and mouthed a thank you to him. As they started to remove the linens she cried out in pain before closing her eyes and returning to sleep.

Kellenn motioned for the door as the smell of rotting flesh filled the room. The Prince called for the healers to stop. They all looked at him with a confused look. "Have her taken into the palace and she will be cared for by the healers there." At that he left with Kellenn and Head of Arms following.

Standing in the courtyard again prince Maek explained what the elderly man had told him. The Head of Arms listened with a stunned face.

"So we can expect many of the people will be seeking refuge within these walls. An epidemic may wipe us out before we even know it." The prince concluded.

"I understand and fear that as well my highness." The Head of Arms said in a somber voice. "We should close the gates now."

"No, the kingdom will not turn it's back on it's people. We will accept them all." The prince said his voice sounding furious. "We will have them bathe, see the healers before they are to join the others that have sought refuge. If any are ill or lepers they will have to be kept in the gate house."

"Wise decision your highness."

"Also I want fresh latrine pits dug every day and the others covered every morning. Do this beyond the moat."

"As you wish." He replied bowing and leaving when Maek did not say anything more.

Prince Maek looked took in his surroundings then shook his head. "Kellenn, I will be at the stables for awhile in preparation. See to your personal business before we leave."

"Thank you , I will be ready before nightfall." Kellenn replied before lowering his head and stepping away. He stopped and turned to watch the prince enter the stables before resuming the lonely walk to his quarters in the palace. 

Entering the stable door that was twice the size of a normal door, Maek found Ortinoth awake and waiting for him. The dragon had sensed him coming. Maek stood there taking in his dragon. The deep blue scales that covered his body that faded to a violet color on the edges. The underside of the dragon being the only place that was white. Orinoths light blue eyes watched Maek as he walked around his body. He stretched himself so Maek could inspect all of him, his tail touching the back wall of the huge stall. Ortinoth was larger then most dragons. Maek felt each of his legs and inspected the claws on the front legs closly for cracks and dragons. After Maek had finished Orinoth stood upright and stretched again his head touching the ceiling. Neither needed to speak to understand the other. 

Picking up the crate of oils and bottles Maek walked out of the stables with Ortinoth following him to the grassy area filled with sunlight. Feeling the sunlight Ortinoth stretched his wings out and moved them up and down a few times testing them. Maek went back inside and returned with the saddle and harness. When he returned he found Ortinoth had left to hunt. He focused his thoughts and saw through Ortinoth's eyes. The dragon had already crossed the river and was circling the forest looking for a meal suitable to his liking. They both saw the movement at the same time. Closing the gap between him and dinner, Ortinoth spread his wings above the tree tops sending a gush of air down to the bottom forcing a moose to bolt into a clearing. Maek broke the trance knowing that Ortinth would be back shortly after eating. He sat down and began to rub oil into the leather harness while he waited. 

\\

Kellenn awoke to the sound of his door opening and then closing. He laid there silently with his eyes closed. Sensing that whoever it was that entered was not dangerous he let his guard down. He could hear the gentle breathes and the light footsteps as they got closer to his bed. His arms suddenly reached out and grabbed the intruder as a squeal filling the room. He wrapped his arms around the body he had found and pulled it tightly against his, his leg covering the intruders and pinning whoever it was to his bed. "I will never know how you do that but I wish you would get off me, your heavy" a females voice giggled from under him.

Kellenn squeezed harder then released his grip on her. He let his hand drop to her chest then squeezed again. 

"Glad your in a playful mood sweetie." She said, her breathing finally slowing. "Just don't squeeze so hard, they're sensitive."

He released her and rolled over and lite a lantern sitting along his bed. He adjusted the wick until a warm glow filled the room. Rolling over again he smiled at the red head laying next to him. 

She sat up and glanced around his room noticing the bags that laid by the door. "Your leaving?" She asked in a depressed voice. "When?"

"After the memorial ceremony." He said back to her in a light voice.

Looking around his room still, "Why don't you get a room that has a window, it would be better and more lively."

Rolling onto his side he mumbled "We have talked about this before. You know I sleep whenever I get a chance and like it dark."

"And if there is no window then no one can enter except through the door" She said in a mocking voice. "That does not mean yo can not have a picture or a plant."

"What purpose would they serve." he said pulling a dagger out from under his pillow and tossing it onto the floor.

"Well if you had a picture of me then you could stare at it while you relieve the stress when you wake up."

"Perhaps your right. Might be better then thinking of you."

"I see, And what do you do when you think of me." She said as she laid back down and turned towards him

"What every man does when his woman is not around."

"Oh, and that is?"

He snorted at this remark then rolled over onto his back, allowing the bulge in his pants to become noticeable.

"Ok, you of little words, just tell me if this is correct then." She said while her fingers traced the outline of his cock through his pants. She began to unbutton his pants. After reliving all of the buttons she reached inside his pants and placed her hand on his warm cock. Pulling it out. Her breath escaped her as she stared a the size of his cock. She remembered when she was scared it would hurt to much and had denied them the pleasure they longed for. Her hand wrapped around the base of the shaft and she squeezed a few times before lowering her head an inch from the throbbing head. She felt him twitch as her warm moist breath was felt by him. Lowering her head and allowing the tip of his cock to part her lips. She heard him moan and began to swirl her tongue around the head. She tasted the salty precum and began to move her head up and down slowly while sucking her cheeks in. She felt his hand move to the top of her head and she pulled off from him. "Please don't. You know that makes me feel trapped." she whispered. Hearing him grunt she returned her tongue to the underside of his cock at the base and licked all the way to the tip and taking that into her mouth. She repeated this until she felt his cock get extremely hard and swell. She buried his cock in her throat and felt his cum hit the back of her throat. After swallowing and sucking on him some more she released his cock from her mouth.

Laying next to him for a short time she felt his hands begin to roam her body. Moving her arm she felt his hardness press into her lower back. Her eyes closed when his hands met her breasts. His fingers circled her nipples. He continued this and finally closed his hand over her tit allowing the warmth to set in. She rolled over to face him as he took her right breast in his mouth while massaging the left. She ran her fingers through his course black hair as his tongue flicked across her nipple. He switched breasts and she felt herself become wet. He continued to switch until she felt her release building inside her. He stopped and kissed her neck gently then across her cheek bone until their mouths met. Their lips parted as their tongues massaged each others.

When they finally broke their embrace he began to kiss down her body. Gentle kisses were placed on her smooth soft skin. As he reached her stomach his hands cupped her breasts and began to softly massage them. The kisses went lower and so did his hands rubbing her stomach where he had placed his kisses just minutes before. He smelled her arousal but skipped over the parts and began to kiss where her legs joined her torso.

Her breathing increased as he began to write letters on her inner thighs. His hands slipped down and began to massage her legs while he continued to use his tongue on her thighs. She felt his warm moist breath blow on her clit as it sent a shimmer of pleasure up her spine. Her back arched when he placed his warm mouth over it and sucked gently. He continued to use his flattened tongue on her and began to use long slow strokes with it across her clit. His hands slipped under her and held her in position. She felt her body building inside and was ready to release when he stopped.

"Please don't make me wait. Please." She moaned while lifting her hips up trying to grind her clit on his tongue. He chuckled and then blew softly on her glistening clit. She let out a moan as she felt his warm mouth cover her clit again. This time she felt a finger slide inside her. She pushed her legs together trapping his face between her thighs as she felt his finger begin to work in and out of her while his tongue continued to pleasure her. Feeling her body building again she grasped the sheet and pushed herself higher up. She felt another finger join the one that was inside her and she cried out in pleasure as they both curved and found her sensitive spot inside her. She felt his other hand come up and lay flattened out her torso and push gently down.

She screamed as the first orgasm ripped through her body. Her back arched and her toes grabbed the sheets. Her breathing stopped as another orgasm followed the first. He stopped and laid next to her and wrapped his arms around her. Pulling her body next to his she felt another build and release inside her. He laid there and caressed her for a short while. After half a hour she felt a small orgasm and was sure that it was the final.

She reached down and found his cock was still hard. She grasped it in her hand and gave it a few jerks. Feeling it throb in her hand she whispered in his ear that she was ready. Her legs parted as he got between them. He leaned down and kissed her as he entered her. Her moan was muffled by his mouth. After her body had become adjusted to him he began to move in and out slowly. Their breathing slowly quickened and they broke the long kiss. Her hips began to meet his when he thrust into her. Their pace began faster and faster. Sweat began to cover their bodies. He pulled out from her and grabbed her legs and lifted them straight up. Holding her ankles together with his large and powerful hand he thrust back into her. She felt the orgasm start to build inside her and she tightened herself. She felt his swollen head every time he thrust in or out. She felt the veins on the shaft. Her release caused her to cry out when it came to her. He slowed and stopped until it had subsided. 

She felt him begin to thrust again after a couple of minutes. She pulled her legs apart and wrapped them around him pulling him deeper inside. She pushed him back when she felt him bump her inside. She smiled and kissed him.

"Let me roll over dear." She said in a seductive voice. Feeling him pull out her body jerked from the sudden loss of being full. She rolled over and pushed herself onto her knees and hands. She felt his body when he came from behind her. She looked back and he grasped her thighs and sank himself into her in one thrust. She squealed in the pleasure she felt and began to push back meeting his thrusts. Their bodies become one as they moved in unison together. She felt his fingers tighten on her hips and allowed her legs to open slightly more. Feeling a few quick short thrusts before he pushed himself as deep as he could her orgasm overcame her when she felt the warmth from his seed spread inside her. Her body twitched she his cock twitched with every load of cum.

They finally laid there panting when their bodies had collapsed.. When their breathing slowed he wrapped her in his arms and gently rocked her. After a few minutes she asked "How long do we have dear."

"Only a couple of hours, but even eternity would not be long enough with you." He whispered back gently nibbling on her ear.

"Sleep then dear, you will need it."

Kellenn awoke when she slipped out of the bed but decided to lay quiet as she dressed. When she turned and left through the door he grabbed the pillow she had used and smelled it smiling. Getting to his feet he stretched and called for a squire to fetch warm water and change his chamber pot.

He retrieved a formal shirt and leggings while two squires filled the tub with warm water. "That will be all. You are relieved of duties. Get ready." He said when they had finished. Both squires left as he began to bathe.

Prince Maek stepped out from his room followed by the maids who had helped dress him. He threw them a few silver and complimented them on their services. He turned and made his way to the throne room.

Entering the throne room everyone stopped and bowed as he walked to the throne. When he reached the steps leading to it Viscountess Kara approached him and bowed. She lifted her head when his arm extended toward her. Walking towards the throne side by side they sat to the right of the main chair. After the prince had seated everyone continued as they were until the king entered. Everyone but the prince rose and bowed. After the king was seated the nobles took their rightful places and seated themselves.

Trumpets announced the arrival of the queens body when it entered. Everyone rose as it was carried and placed on the stone alter. The king and prince walked to the coffin and each said a silent prayer before returning to the throne. They were followed by all the nobles as a small orchestra played softly in the background. When all had paid their respect the coffin was closed by the cardinal and bishops.

The cardinal recited the formal prayers and blessed the coffin and royal family. After finishing the king and prince rose and walked to the coffin. After the coffin was lifted it was carried to the courtyard lead by the king and followed by the prince and Viscountess Kara. Paladins Kellenn and Edmond flanked the prince. The nobles followed them out. Once gathered in the courtyard the coffin was carried to the top of the pyre where the body of the queens dragon was laid also.

Addressing the many thousands of people who had gathered King Ademes spoke. ""We gather in this great Abbey to mourn and to give thanks. It is a fitting place to do so, a place where the story of our nation and the story of the woman we now commend. It was here that Tiria was married and became Duchess; it was here that she was crowned Queen; it was here that she became Queen Mother. It is fitting, then, that a place that stood at the center of her life should now be the place where we honor her passing. Like the sun, she bathed us in her warm glow. Now that the sun has set and the cool of the evening has come, some of the warmth we absorbed is flowing back towards her. We come here to mourn but also to give thanks, to celebrate the person and her life, both filled with such a rich sense of fun and joy and the music of laughter. Let us remember her for the love and devotion she showed us all. Let us now return her to the land she was born from, the land that all of us come from."
