 The princess was bored in her room. With all the amenities her father the king provided her, he would let no man touch her. She had the finest silk pillows and sheets, softest fur coats, and the largest bath in the kingdom built into her room, but a guard was posted outside her door, which was left cracked, each night to ensure that no men entered her room.

Her guard on this night was a tall, dark-skinned half-ogre. His kind was prevalent among the guards, their tough skin and brutish nature lending well to the position. His black hair hung around his neck and shoulders in thick braids and his muscles showed well under his armored uniform.

He would be a decent subject for her fantasies tonight.

She positioned herself on her bed so that she was facing the opening in the door way.

She touched her neck softly with her right hand and imagined it was him kissing her supple skin. His lips traced her collar bone, glided softly down her shoulder and gently kissed her arm, before skipping over to the center of her chest. They outlined the top of her left breast and continued in a circular pattern before paying special attention to her ever-hardening nipple. They coasted down her belly, stopping briefly at her naval before landing gently on her inner thigh. From there, it was just a stone's throw to her already moist clitoris. As they caressed her warm sex, she let out a soft sigh. They moved quickly back up her belly to her right breast now. With her left hand, she imagined him grinding, then thrusting into her rich warmth. With each thrust, she let out a louder cry of pleasure, until finally, with a scream rich with lust, she climaxed. 

As he turned his head to look, her fair and freckled flesh filled his abashed gaze. Her insatiably lustful blue eyes met his and, in a bound, she was upon him.

She wrenched him in through the cracked doorway, and closed the door behind him.

He looked away, ashamed, as she tore down his breeches, revealing his semi-hard manhood.

With her left hand, she touched her warmth as she took his large cock into her mouth. At first, she could only accommodate the tip, tickling it with her tongue. She soon took nearly half of the thick member into her mouth, massaging the remainder with her right hand. When it was sufficiently hard, she took her guard by the hand and virtually threw him, back first, onto the bed.

He didn't know why he couldn't resist her. The first time, as she wrenched him through the door, he was caught by surprise, or so he told himself. But here, it seemed as though he was willingly allowing her to use him.

She gripped his hard pectorals as she climbed up on the bed to straddle him. She positioned her wet sex just above the tip of his monstrous member and slid gently down its length. She let her lush black hair brush his chest as she rocked back and forth on him. 

He tried to pull her off, but she slipped through his arms too easily. He sat up to get a better angle to pull her off, and she let out a deep, ecstatic cry as he plowed deeper into her. Her pleasure brought him closer and closer. As she felt him begin stiffen even further, she brought herself up to tease his head with her pussy lips. Then as he was about to cum, she brought herself fully down on him, enveloping the entire length of his mass with her warmth. 

Understandably, he worried slightly for his life when he realized she had just forced him to unload his seed within her. Then, he realized there had been no blood. She was not a virgin. Perhaps, the king would not find out.

She pulled herself off of her fatigued guard and went to draw her bath. He thought she was done with him, so he began to refasten his breeches. As she saw this, she exclaimed that she needed help with the bath and that he was not to dress just yet. She pulled him to her. His hands caressed her freckled flesh as she slid into the water.

She began once more to touch herself, the water aiding in the caressing motion of her hand. As she did this, she took his long member once again into her mouth, pulling its whole length into her mouth then out again, teasing the head with her tongue. He felt as though she was sucking his life essence out of him, and he enjoyed every second of it. 

Finally, after he had cum twice in her hands and mouth, she fell asleep. He refastened his breeches, then pulled her from the bath and brought her back to bed before resuming his post outside her door. A few hours later, when he noticed a cold draught coming from her room behind him, he entered her room to draw the window close and discovered it opened wide and her bed empty.

That's how it had happened. That is at least how she remembered it. That was the beginning of everything. She, of course had presumed, the part about him checking after she had left, but what was an imagination for anyway?

It was in fact her imagination that had led Erin here, and it was her imagination that drove her on. It was a huge world out there. How could she stay cooped up in that castle knowing that?