 He did not mind the swamp, not at all. The smells did not bother him and its outrageous residents amused him. He was welcomed as a dear friend by all even though he was a lawyer. In fact it was a business concern that brought him to the swamp that day. He had come to tell Princess Ella her divorce and settlement had become final.

He also hoped to get up the nerve to tell her that he was madly in love with her but doubted he would. The best he could hope for was that they would remain friends now that his services were no longer needed.

As he approached the ogre's manor he was buzzed by the dragonkids and nearly tackled to the ground by the ogre munchkins. Giggles and greetings flew around him. Yes, he liked it there.

Princess Ella rushed out to his aid but soon saw none was required. The Councilor had flung himself completely into the boy's game.

He did not know she was there so she watched him for a while. She thought he was handsome, not prince charming handsome but look how that turned out. He had worked very hard for her during the divorce, protecting her interests with ferocity. Until just then she also thought of him as a much too formal and somewhat dour man. His howls and giggles as he tried to avoid ogre bowling balls and kamikaze dragonkids told her there was serious fun inside that tall, trim body.

He had captured one ogre munchkin and one flying munchkin when he turned and saw Princess Ella. He released the kids, picked up his briefcase and strode towards her. His embarrassment over the circumstances in which she found him was overwhelmed by his happiness at seeing her again. He tried his best to compose himself with every step but the romp with the kids and the sight of Princess Ella kept his face in a big grin.

He extended his hand in greeting as usual but it was ignored. His smile was beginning to fade when Princess Ella placed three fingers on his cheek and gave him a soft kiss on the lips.

She said she had coffee ready for him and walked to the door. Princess Ella was about to ask him a question and noticed he was still glued to the spot she left him, hand extended in greeting. He now wore the goofiest smile she had ever seen on a man. 

Her best friend, Ogre Princess Ona, had come out to see what was going on and asked what was wrong with the Councilor.

"I don't know. I kissed him hello and was going in to serve him some coffee and when I turned he was there just like that."

"You kissed him?"

"Well yes, just a little kiss. He is so nice and has worked so hard for me. He was playing with the boys just now, happy as could be. Now this. I guess it's some kind of curse."

"You better believe it's a curse, the worst one of all. Love."

"He loves me?"

"You may be the only person in the kingdom that did not know that. You better bring him in before the boys see him as an easy target."

Princess Ella went to him and held his hand as she led him to the house. She released his hand after he sat and noticed that her hand immediately missed his. She took his hand back into hers. Part of the curse she thought.

The Councilor recovered his senses as soon as Princess Ona placed his briefcase on the table. He brought out a sheaf of legal documents and handed them to Princess Ella to sign.

He had fumbled with them at first and was startled to note the Princess was holding his hand. 

She blushed when she realized the situation and released his hand, although not promptly. 

He successfully fought the urge to grasp her hand in his and continued with the task at hand, which he understood was not holding the Princesses' hand.

Princess Ella trusted him implicitly and signed without looking. She had not wanted anything from her marriage other than the return of her house. The papers were then passed to Princess Ona so she could sign on the witness line. 

She did read them and began to comment on them.

"I did no know your real name was Daniella, I thought it was just Ella. I still do not understand why some people call you Cindy.

Ella, you got your house back. 

Ella, wow, you now own the bicycle shop. 

Ella! You own the theatre! 

Oh my, you own the land between the swamp and the town.

OMG, Ella, you own the Third Bank and Trust. You are rich."

The princesses' laughed and jumped with joy. Princess Ona kissed the Councilor hard, literally taking his breath away. Princess Ella kissed him passionately again sending him into a state of stupor. 

The stupor state must have been a bit contagious, as it seemed Princess Ella caught some of it. Her smile was nearly as goofy as his.

Ona gathered the documents and put them back in the briefcase snapping it shut. The Councilor again seemed to come out of it when he heard the sound.

Ella was now looking hard at him. He was afraid that this was the prelude to his dismissal. She was in fact re-running her recent life in her head, from the death of her father, to her mistreatment in her own house, to the short lived magic of the prince.

He had made love to her once, assumed she was pregnant and ignored her in favor of his drinking and hunting buddies. Apparently Princess Ella had mistaken the meaning of the term "Gay Nobility" as it applied to the prince and his friends.

She asked herself from whom did she ever have unconditional love. The answer came to her quickly, her father; and now the man sitting next to her.

Princess Ona at last got Princess Ella's attention and asked, "Who is going to run your new found financial empire? Who can you trust to do it?"

They each looked at the Councilor who was having a difficult time not blushing and ignoring the hairs standing up at the back of his head

."When will my divorce become final?" asked Princess Ella in a quiet voice.

"It became final at 10 AM this morning."

"Then lets get started on your job interview," Princess Ella said to him.

She took his hand and led him to the spare bedroom. She gave Princess Ona a look that made the nature of the interview clear. She in turn arranged the furniture in such a way that munchkin access to the spare bedroom would be difficult. She sat by the bedroom door and fended off questions as to the whereabouts of her guests. After a while, at Princess Ona's suggestion, they were all searching the swamp for them, making it a game.

Princess Ona listened to the sounds in the bedroom. She heard groans and moans of passion. She heard orgasmic shrieks. 

She heard laughter.In the long stretches of near silence she heard the rhythm she loved so well. She masturbated.

"Look baby, I had to start without you," she whispered to her far away husband Sal, short for Salami, her nickname for him. 

His friends also called him Sal, not knowing the root of the nickname.

Orgasms on each side of the door occurred simultaneously. For at least three people the source of all magic had been found. 

The Councilor and Princess Ella emerged from the bedroom after nearly two hours and several episodes of intimacy.

The Councilor did not remember asking Princess Ella to marry him but soon found himself a spectator in the planning of his own wedding. He soon realized that the job he had been interviewing for was spouse. He had been hired. 

His goofy smile returned.

He did manage to get one major fact across to the ladies. He pointed out that Princess Ella was no longer a public figure. The entire kingdom need not be invited to the wedding. It could just be family and friends.

Princess Ella thought hard about the family and friends part and realized that they were one and the same. Princess Ona was a sister as were Pallid Flake, AKA Snow White and Narcoleptic Hottie, AKA Sleeping Beauty. Princess Ona's mother Lily was now her mother.

She had one friend at the prince's castle, a handmaiden that helped her pass the lonely nights in close companionship. She would send for her in the morning. 

The handmaiden, Ellen, might even be able to help keep Narcoleptic Hottie awake. She had certainly done a good job of keeping her awake at night she recalled with a blush.

So it was settled, a small wedding, three hundred guests' tops. A big party, their kingdom plus a selected few from neighboring kingdoms.

Princess Ella secretly invited her former mother-in-law who had always treated her well. The Queen shocked both kingdoms by attending unescorted, bringing with her only her own handmaiden and Princess Ella's. 

She came early and assisted with the plans for the wedding. She and Lily became very close friends, No one seemed surprised that she stayed.

Narcoleptic Hottie was a dynamo leading up to the wedding. Any task that needed done she handled quickly and efficiently. She worked long days and into the night to pull the wedding together earning her the reputation of the best wedding planner in three kingdoms. Everyone returned to calling her Aurora as Narcoleptic Hottie had now become very obsolete although she was certainly still a beauty.

Her energy and acumen had appeared overnight, the first night Ellen the handmaiden spent with her. It turned out that her supposed therapist Prince Phillip had been kissing the wrong set of lips.

Pallid Flake showed the kingdom how to party. Her entourage went from seven to more than twenty, most of them pretty, pretty boys she called friends. She also befriended Princess Ella's apologetic and somewhat masculine stepsister Roberta Muldoon. The two were seldom seen apart.

Princess Ona was of course the maid of honor and everyone commented on how beautiful she looked. 

The Councilor had a difficult time choosing a best man. He did not have many friends and his best buddy Feline N. Brogans did not handle details well. He thought that having Princess Ona's husband Sal as the best man would complement her role of maid of honor and asked him. He was eventually browbeaten and sweet-talked into it by the ladies and it turned out to be a good decision.

The legendary bachelor party he hosted for the Councilor ended soon after the third call for the firemen and the fifth call for the police. The Kingdom Guard Knights finally put a stop to it and escorted each and every guest home.

The ladies at the bachellorette party were comparatively well behaved, (except for the whipped cream incidences during the male dancers show). 

All the ladies had a fine time and very close bonds were made between them, very close personal bonds.

Good times.

The wedding went flawlessly and the near loss of the cathedral afterward was soon forgotten. No one knew that dragon tears spontaneously combust after they dry.

The ceremonial kiss between Princess Ella and the Councilor became the stuff of paparazzi legend. It was so passionate and lasted so long that it drew whoops and cheers from the attendees, especially when Princess Ella's hand went to her new husbands crotch.

The band at the reception was very good, (a group of youngsters that called themselves Ye Rolling Stones). 

The champagne flowed, love and groping was everywhere.

The party began to wind down by the middle of the second day as many guests realized they had kids at home.

The Pallid Flake and Aurora posse's kept the party going two more days the highlight of which was when Blanchette took off her red riding hooded coat (and everything else), and used a protruding part of young Geppetos's facial anatomy as a very personal aide while telling him, "Lie to me, lie to me."

But all good things come to an end. In just two weeks the kingdom was back to normal. The honeymoon was in Vegashire. Neither the bride or groom would reveal what happened there but it apparently was a very satisfying honeymoon. They slept for three days upon their return.

Yes, they did live happily ever after.