 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction that involves tentacles, masturbation, BDSM, lactation, parasitism, mind control, birth, and lesbian sex. If you're not into any of that, this is your last chance to navigate away. Enjoy the read!

--

Contact with alien life didn't really change peoples' lives so drastically as they make out in books. Considering how much time it takes for communication to happen across the lightyears, and even longer to actually move things from one place to the next, there was a big gap between First Contact (FC as everyone calls it) and there actually being any ramifications from it. All the religious and culture freaks went on and on about the end of the world and coming to terms with their god(s), but it died down when nothing really happened in the first year or so. It wasn't until around five years after FC that the first aliens actually came to Earth...or, at least, the Moon, where our atmosphere wouldn't kill them. We had to break out the big spacesuits to moonwalk and meet our guests face-to-face.

Even calling it face-to-face isn't quite appropriate. What we would call a face was a dark mass of skin, tendrils, and something that vaguely looked like ears. Every screen and television in the world was trained on these creatures, and no one really knew what they were looking at. Star Wars, District 9, and Avatar had ill-prepared humanity to confront the fact that aliens couldn't have two eyes and a mouth.

Surprisingly, these aliens were not that far ahead of our 22nd century technology. Earth had been leaving the planet and exploring the solar system for the past two decades; this alien race, who called themselves the Pafanel, had been doing it for the past half century. To the Pafanel, this was the same amount of time it took for their young ones to learn to walk (or, in their case, float slightly above the surface, assuming Moon gravity.) They could speak our language, having received wayward satellite signals that had been sent from Earth long ago. Carl Sagan made the right call here, that's for sure.

Humanity as a race had made surprisingly novel and unique advances in physics and mathematics that transcended most other races that the Pafanel had come into contact with, and earned the sincere respect of our alien visitors. In exchange for a (translated) dialogue and transferral of knowledge, the aliens would bring gifts to increase the health and prosperity of humans and the planet Earth.

One such gift was the Youthfullness Pod, or Yupods. These chambers were used by the Pafanel to maintain their age (or lack of it), destress in times of physical and mental exhaustion, and allow them to enjoy a private yet intimate experience to their liking. The Yupods were organisms that acted as individuals, yet were connected on some level to a central heart. It wasn't a mind in the sense that animals had a mind or upper level thinking: every pod was an extension of the same entity, and human scientists weren't quite sure how any of it worked.

For humans, these Yupods were free of use. The organisms themselves cultivated and fed off the excess energy given off by us, with even more energy being expelled during acts of sex and pleasure. This energy, not understood or measurable by human science (and only marginally so by Pafanel technology), was consumed by the Yupod and imbued back onto its subject, removing disease, sickness, and scars. It slowed down the aging clock, giving us all more time to do whatever we wanted.

The pods themselves were not members of the Pafanel species; the Yupods themselves where an even more alien race, whose full capabilities and powers were not totally cataloged by anyone.

Which leads me to today. Admission to Yupods was forbidden to those under the age of 21. It was considered too risky, and early cases of minors using one weren't great. Imagine giving a sixteen year old girl, just going through puberty, her own little sex chamber. Kids came back from these pods half-asleep, sexed up and craving it like a drunk. It did not bode well with parents.

Even adults who spent just a small amount of time in these pods left the Yupod centers in a sleepy, almost drunken state of mind. It was another reason to always have a designated driver if you wanted to go, since you might not be able to get home easily once you did your business. People tended to go in groups and elect one person to drive everyone back home after it was all said and done. Me, as the youngest person in my friend group, was almost always given the great responsibility to drive a car full of sexually drunk college students back to our apartment.

They paid me handsomely, and I've had some amazing sex with some of my drunken charges. Boys and girls alike, often more than one at a time. They reek of sex and hormones after a round in the Yupods. Everyone does.

Now, however, it was my turn to give it a try. My 21st birthday had been a week ago, which was an incredible weekend on its own. Today, I was ready to take it to a whole new level. I had a small bag of personal effects, carefully chosen to make this an experience I would never forget.

I came to the Yupod center alone; I wanted to totally enjoy this without needing to babysit someone, or have them babysit me. I left work early today, and had nothing but a lazy Saturday tomorrow. I could enjoy this without worrying about oversleeping or feeling drowsy in the morning.

I stood outside the large, unassuming building. Hesitating. On the outside, it looked like a cookie-cutter office building, with four floors, a large reception area, a parking lot, and a lawn around the sides. Only the sign, Yupod Center: Greater Littleton Area, provided a hint as to what happened behind its doors. I'd needed to book an appointment for my first time, to fill out some paperwork and learn how it all worked. These places were stricter than the most popular clubs: no one I knew had ever managed to get in with a fake ID. They were thrown out quickly, and repeat offenders were fined heavily, sometimes even arrested. It was not something I wanted to risk, though that doesn't mean I didn't fantasize about it once in a while. But now, I had the chance to do this for real. No stress, no anxiety.

So what was I waiting for?

I took a deep breath, and stepped through the entrance of the building, admiring its plain and unassuming decor. The only clue that something was different was the waiting area, with long couches and recliners. Its inhabitants looked like incredibly sleepy and tired, and a few were even snoring. Some had their hands beneath their pants, gently masturbating. I looked away sharply and walked towards the front desk.

"Hi, I'm here for my orientation. I made an appointment online?" I said timidly, watching the secretary look from her computer in response to my voice. She looked cheery, but also tired, as if she had been staring at her computer screen all night.

"Of course, but I'll need your name and ID card." her voice betrayed her looks, coming off cheery if not somewhat slow, as if she was drawing out each syllable.

"Kylie Emerson," I said, as I got my ID out of my wallet. The secretary took my ID, fed it through a machine, and waited for a light "ping!" before it was spit back out.

"You're all set, Kylie!" she said, and pointed to a corridor on my right. "Head down that hallway until the end. Someone will be with you shortly to show you around. Have a fun first time!" Again, her voice sounded bubbly and sweet, but subdued like she just woke up. Her eyes were also partly closed, and a wide smile crept across her lips. Something in the air, maybe?

I took my ID card back, thanked the secretary, and walked down the hallway. I wasn't able to hear it before, but now I could hear the low noises of the Yupods all around me. As I got further and further along, I could hear audible yelps and screams mixed with the squelching, squishing sound of the pods. I'd only seen videos of them, and had no concept of what they were supposed to sound like.

The hallway was lined with jet-black doors that absorbed most of the sound I made as I walked. Only a small amount of sound escaped from them, as if to tease me and others who walked the same path.

"That'll be me soon," I thought to myself, as I clutched my bag tighter. I came to the end of the hallway, and was greeted by a guy in his mid-thirties. He seemed only slightly more alert than his colleague, and explained to me the basics of the Yupod center. I would have up to two hours in a single pod to myself, as this was my first time. Once I became acquainted with the pods, I could stay for increasingly longer periods of time, topping out at five.

My guide walked me through a hologram of what the room would look like, including where I could keep my belongings, charge my phone, alert the center staff, or exit the room in the event of an emergency. It was a very spacious room, with a large circular cutout where the Yupod would be. Didn't want to spoil the surprise, it seemed, by showing what it looked like ahead of time.

When it was time for questions, I asked how durable and strong the Yupods were.

"They're self healing and can bounce back from pretty much anything. Something would have to happen to the central brain for it to permanently affect any of the pods. Not only do they feed off of our sexual energy, but they also learn from us. The Yupods can get tougher over time if we're being rough with them, and adapt to our behavior."

"Isn't that...dangerous?" I softly inquired.

"Not at all; in the thousands of Yupod centers across the world, we haven't yet had a problem with any pod acting out of turn. The Pafanels visit every center at least once a year, which isn't a long time to them, to make sure that everything is behaving. It's totally safe." He had a dreamy look in his eyes, as if remembering something that made him happy. And, were his pants...?

"But enough about that. You look eager to get started, don't you?" he said, shocking me out of my stupor.

"I...yes. I am," I responded, not knowing if I believed it myself. My own fantasies were about to come true, though. I could feel my nipples start to perk up a little.

"Excellent! I'll be taking you to one of our best pods; they're extra gentle for newcomers. Follow me."

He turned around and passed through a new corridor. Was that hallway there before? I couldn't quite remember. Nonetheless, I broke into a jog to keep up with him. He paused at a door, and entered a PIN into the console. He exposed his right eye to a retina scanner, and waited until the door slid open to our left.

"It's all yours. I'll be back in two hours when your session is over. Your Yupod knows when the time is up, and should stop around then. And I'll be back to check on you then."

"Thanks..." I mumbled, staring ahead at the room and the pod in its center. I was taking in everything, and it was all I could do to step inside before the door closed and locked behind me.

My face broke out into a grin, and I almost screamed "Finally!" I dropped my bag on the low bench closest to me, and opened it, furiously searching for a few things. They would make the next two hours even more amazing.

A dildo harness fumbled between my hands. It would penetrate me in both my vagina and my ass. I'd only worn this a few times in the past, and only when I was desperate for something in me. Putting the harness to the side, I took out a dildo gag that wrapped around the back of my head. This was brand new, still smelling of plastic and latex, and I had no idea how this was going to work. But I lay that down on the side, too.

The last thing I grabbed was a vibrator. It could insert itself into the hollow space of my dildo harness, letting me feel the vibrations while also getting penetrated. Also brand-new. I inserted the vibrator into the dildo, but didn't turn it on yet. Wanted to save the battery for later...

My shorts and panties fell to the floor in quick work. I'd considered not wearing panties at all, but didn't have the courage to do it yet. My shirt and bra were discarded into the same pile of clothes, and my socks and hairband met a similar fate.

I plugged my phone into the provided charger, and set an alarm to go off in two hours. That guide said he'd be back to pick me up, but I didn't quite trust him to follow through. This would make sure I, and the Yupod, would be alerted when it was time to call it quits. My friend Yasmine knew to pick me up, too, and she'd been here many times before. She'd also be able to talk to the staff and get them to cut the cord.

I took a deep breath, and grabbed the dildo harness. Wrapping it around my waist, I gently pushed the dildos inside, feeling their penetration and fullness inside of me. I was not a stranger to having things inside me, but this still felt a little funny every time. I wrapped the strap around my side, and heard a satisfying click to confirm its snugness.

I grabbed the gag and put it around my neck, but didn't put it in my mouth yet. I figured I'd have time to do that later if I wanted to.

The Yupod centers were pretty flexible about people bringing stuff with them to play with. As long as they didn't bring any weapons, or something that could cause them (or the pod) to get hurt, anything was fair game. The pods would restrain individuals who tried to bring something dangerous, and subdue them until the staff arrived. It was a pretty effective security system. At the same time, whatever items you planned on using were at your own risk.

One of my friends once brought nipple clamps on a chain. I still remember driving her home, a half naked college girl massaging her boobs and drooling all over herself. We had quite a lot of fun once I brought her back home...

I checked over my body one last time. I was not a sexual object by any means: an average butt, small (but not flat) breasts, not-too-wide hips, and a good smile. Not someone who would make your head turn, but someone who you'd linger on if I caught their attention for some other reason. I was happy with how I looked, though. No point being sad.

I stepped up to the Yupod and waited for...something. My guide hadn't really told me what would happen at this point. He just said to walk up to it and wait. My eyes wandered all over the pod, while I did so.

It was a writhing mass of blue flesh and organic matter. It didn't look messy or disorganized at all, but pulsated rhythmically, almost like a heartbeat. Organic coils reached through the floor and connected to something, while even more were affixed to the ceiling.

Good evening, child.

I heard a calming but loud voice as my eyes were staring above me. I couldn't figure out where it was coming from...it seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere.

Do not be startled. It is me, that which has clouded your mind

"Oh..." I spoke aloud. I didn't really know how they communicated. It wasn't something my friends ever really brought up. This was news to me.

There is a lot that your friends have not told you. I can sense that already.

Was it...reading my mind? My eyes widened in shock and amazement.

"Yes, I can. It is much easier to communicate this way than to use...mouths, as you call them. My species does not have a concept for the oral transmission of words. We speak with each other through our minds."

I spoke aloud this time: "Isn't that risky? What if, like, someone sees something in your mind that you didn't want them to see?"

"In my species...the concept of a secret does not exist. All information is shared, as I am just one aspect of a much larger whole. It does not make sense for me to know something that no other extension of me should."

That would explain what the guy said about it being smart. But what did it mean by "much larger whole"...?

"We as individuals do not have identities. Though some among us are unique and have different physical characteristics, my mind is one mind. Even the term "individual", used to describe how you would perceive me as one..."Yupod", as you call us, is not totally accurate."

Let us discuss you, though. Please enter my chamber.

Folds appeared in the organic wall of the pod, and they peeled themselves back to allow me entrance. I took a careful step onto the squishy surface, expecting to slip on its wet surface. However, I found it firm and stable, and quickly made my way into the pod's interior. The inside was dim, with light coming from a source I couldn't identify. It seemed to ring around the floor of the pod, giving everything a slight glow before peaking at the top. It had looked like an upside-down light bulb.

I took one last look outside before the pod closed in around me. Once it was sealed, I felt the moist air in the pod, muggy and hot. I felt sluggish as I took everything into my senses.

"Now that we have settled the matter of you entering my domain, I will begin exploring your mind and body to understand how best to service you this evening."

To...service me? What did that mean?

"You are here to receive relaxation and pleasure. I am also here to act as a...ventilation mechanism for your mental and physical stress. In order to do that, I must know more about you in order to accomplish this goal."

Without warning, several fleshy tentacles appeared and grabbed my limbs. Raising me off the ground, even more tentacles appeared to grope and grab every inch of my body. I hadn't even had time to react to them grabbing me: I was a small fish in a big net, caught in this onslaught of sensation. If I wasn't so horny and turned on, I'd be screaming for my life. As it was, my breath came out in halted gasps of pleasure.

Each tentacle was thick, much thicker than my arm. Some tentacles had suction cups that slowly suctioned and puckered my body. Others were smooth, moving rapidly, as if they were searching for something.

Several coils tried to wrap around my crotch and ass, but were blocked by the harness I wore. Would they remove it? Had they seen something like this before?

There was a pause, as two new tentacles appeared from the walls. These were different than the others: rather than being one fleshly limb, like a big finger, these tendrils had much finer control and looked almost like a hand. Except where there would be five fingers, there was instead five thin tentacles.

They exposed the hollow portions of the dildos that penetrated me, and I could feel air rush into each of them. How did they know those were hollow? And how to open them up? I only just found that out a few weeks ago...had they done this before?

"You are not the first to use a device like this."

The voice rang in my head again, calmer but louder this time. I could hear the pod much more clearly and loudly now that I was inside of it.

Each of the thin tentacle-hands made their way inside the dildo. I couldn't see what was happening, but I felt lots of small tendrils combine into one large one. The shape of the tentacles changed to conform to the empty space of the dildo. What was once empty was now full, making me squirm even more.

Now in control of my crotch and ass, they began a gentle pulsing of heat and vibration. Pulse. Pulse. Pulse. The sensations were too much for me to process. I was madly humping the air, bucking wildly against my dual lovers.

I was in such a heat that I didn't see the same process happen to my gag dildo. Though it was right in front of my face, I only knew it was happening when the dildo was guided into my mouth, straight to my windpipe. I had been breathing forcefully out of my mouth, and had to adjust to breath out of my nose while the dildo settled in my mouth. I nearly choked on the dildo before I started breathing forcefully out of my nose.

The straps to the gag were attached to the back of my head, securing it in place. A strong warmth filled my head, causing my body to convulse. I felt my first orgasm coming in strong, and could do nothing to stop it from crashing over me.
