 "If you come with us, and you are a good girl, you can be our princess."

Panda looked up at the large man towering over her, and she could hardly believe her eyes. She had seen pictures of this man. His tall stature, the braid of hair down his back, the crown on top of his head...this man was the King!

Beside him stood a radiant woman, with eyes as green as grass in summer. Her dark hair flowed in feathered waves down her shoulders. Her pale skin seemed to shine like the moon in the dingy darkness of the market house. This was his Queen.

Panda was thinking how dirty she looked herself, compared to the royalty in front of her, when the Queen offered her a kind smile.

"What's your name?" the Queen asked, her voice smooth as silk.

"...Panda..." she replied softly.

"Speak up," barked a gruff voice and Panda jumped as the trader who held the key to her shackles aimed a blow at her head.

"Stop," the King said to the man, his voice clear and authoritative. 

"Do you want to come with us, Panda?" the Queen asked kindly. "We live in a castle, not far from here. There are gardens, horses..."

Panda glanced shyly up at the face of the King. He was looking her over intently, but when she caught his eye, he gave her a reassuring smile. Panda quickly looked away, feeling her face flush.

"Yes please," she mumbled, looking down at the ground.

Panda was not fully convinced she was not dreaming as the trader released her shackles, gold coins changed hands, and she followed the King and Queen out of the market house. She squinted in the bright light of the setting sun and rubbed her wrists where the shackles had bitten into her skin. Not a dream then, she thought to herself. Pain didn't hurt in dreams.

"We walked from the castle to here. It is a mile or so. Are you able to walk that far?" the Queen asked her. "We could always borrow horses."

"I'm used to walking," Panda replied quietly, not wanting to admit that she had never actually ridden a horse before. 

"That settles it then," said the King and the trio began walking away from the market house and out of the village.

As they walked, Panda observed her new 

Masters silently. What did they want from her exactly? She thought back to what the King had first said to her. Surely he had been joking. No one in their right mind would look at her scrawny, dirty self and think 'princess'. 

No, Panda decided, it was more than likely they wanted her as a servant of some sort. She was fine with that. She had done that sort of work most of her life - cooking, cleaning, waiting hand and foot on various Masters. And this couple, the King and Queen, they seemed nice. She was lucky this time.

As they walked, the Queen began to talk, telling Panda about the castle, the different rooms, the library, the grounds, the gardens, the stables...she talked about the different horses, told stories of wild stallions the King had tamed himself. She liked to talk, it seemed, and Panda enjoyed listening to the sound of her voice. She liked it even more when the King spoke, his strong voice offering occasional additions to the Queen's stories. Panda wished he'd speak more.

Occasionally the King would catch her looking at him and Panda would quickly look away. She kept her eyes down until she was sure he wasn't looking. Then she would glance up, catching the remnants of what seemed to be a smirk on his face.

The sun was dipping below the horizon, painting the sky a brilliant pink hue as they approached the castle. Panda followed the monarchs through a set of heavy wooden doors. Almost immediately, a white-haired man appeared at the King's side. The man gave Panda a disdainful look, before turning his attention to the King.

"Your Majesty, several important messages came today from the East," the man said. The King nodded briefly, then turned to his Queen.

"Forgive me, my love, but this requires my attention at the moment. Will you-?"

"Of course, Sir," the Queen said, placing a hand on Panda's shoulder. "Shall I bring her downstairs afterward?"

"I think that would be best," the King replied, a strange smile twisting on his lips as he looked at Panda. "I will see you later."

Panda found she could not speak, only nod and watch silently as the King walked away.

"Come on then, little Panda. We are going to get you cleaned up and find you something to wear," the Queen said, guiding her out of the Entrance Hall.

Within half an hour, Panda was neck-deep in the largest bathtub she had ever seen. The Queen sat nearby in a comfortable-looking chair, instructing the servants as they washed Panda's hair, scrubbed her skin of dirt, and scraped the grime from beneath her nails. Panda tolerated all this through gritted teeth, feeling very exposed, but thankful, at least, that all the servants were female.

"So, Panda," the Queen asked, as all this was going on. "How old are you?"

"22, I think," Panda replied, wincing as one of the handmaidens began scrubbing her feet. 

"You think?"

Panda hesitated. She waited until the girl finished her feet before she spoke. 

"I was young...when they took me to the trader. There was six of us kids. I was the oldest so I was worth the most. They said I was 14 but I think I was 12...No I'm not even sure anymore."

"Are you a virgin?" the Queen asked casually.

The question was so unexpected the Panda jerked her hand away from the girl who was clipping her nails. She felt her whole body flush, to the roots of her wet red hair. 

"No ma'am," she mumbled in a small voice.

"Good," the Queen said, sounding pleased. Her tone confused Panda, but she wanted to drop the subject so badly she dared not even look at the Queen.

Soon Panda was released from her cleansing and one of the servants pulled a simple black dress over her head. 

It was cotton and comfortable, but shorter than anything she had ever worn. She tried tugging it down as she looked around expectantly. 

"No panties," the Queen said. "Not within the castle walls. King's orders."

"Oh," Panda said, surprised and confused. Did this mean none of the girls here wore underwear? Why?

"Are you hungry?" the Queen asked, interrupting her thoughts.

"Yes ma'am!" Panda replied eagerly. The Queen laughed.

"Come on, then," she said, motioning for Panda to follow her from the room. 

About an hour later, Panda was fuller than she had ever been before in her life. She couldn't' remember a time she had eaten her fill of food, and certainly not the exquisite types of food available to her in the castle's kitchen. 

She realized just how drowsy she was as the Queen left her down a flight of stairs and she began to stumble. 

"We are almost there," the Queen said, putting a hand out to steady her. "Soon you can sleep."

"Thank you," Panda murmured sleepily. "For everything..."

The Queen just smiled to herself, seemingly amused.

"In most castles, the dungeons are used for prisoners," the Queen explained. "Prisoners, traitors...here, however, the King and I converted the dungeon into our bedchamber."

The stairs ended in a wooden door, which the Queen pushed open, allowing Panda to enter first. What she saw took her breath away. It was the most amazing room she had ever seen. 

What caught her eye first was the enormous King-sized four poster bed in one corner of the room. It was hung with red silk curtains and adorned with red and black pillows and red satin bedsheets. All the walls in the room were hand-painted, images depicting Angels, Gods and Goddesses. An ornate silver chandelier hung from the ceiling in the center of the room, its candles casting the flickering light that allowed Panda to take in the room.

Across from the bed was a black leather sofa. Here there was an extra red satin pillow and a folded down comforter. 

"You are to sleep down here with us, for the time being," the Queen said, gently leading her over to the couch.

Panda did not protest. She was too full of food and too drowsy to question, and the sofa looked more comfortable than any bed she had ever slept in. The Queen lifted the down blanket.

"Lie down," she said to her. "I know you are tired."

Panda did as told and as soon as her head hit the pillow she was in heaven. She felt the Queen cover her with the blanket, but was asleep before she could even murmur goodnight...

Panda woke several hours later to a strange noise. The chandelier's candles had been extinguished, the room now lit by a few small candles on the bedside table. Panda squinted in the dim light, not quite able to believe what she was seeing. The Queen was on her back across the bed, whimpering with pleasure as the King thrust into her. When she realized what she was seeing, Panda quickly shut her eyes and pretended to be asleep.

She could not keep it up for long, however. Soon the moans and the slapping sound of flesh hitting flesh was too much for her to resist. She peeked her eyes open just a crack. Before long she was staring, wide-eyed as they fucked, oblivious to her watching. 

Suddenly the King flipped the Queen over on her stomach. In that moment, Panda caught a glimpse of the biggest cock she had ever seen! She had to stifle a gasp. It had to be a foot in length and was also thicker than any she had ever seen.

It was only a quick glimpse, as the King quickly thrust his member back deeply into his Queen, who let out a low moan. A thrill of excitement and fear shot through Panda's body. 

I shouldn't be watching this, she thought to herself. What if they see me?

Her fears were soon realized as the King continued to thrust hard, the Queen was pushed to the edge of the bed. Her eyes quickly found Panda's and Panda felt herself turn red as embarrassment at being caught watching flooded through her. The Queen, however, smirked.

"Sir," she panted. "She's awake."

The King glanced up and grinned at her.

"Well?" he asked. "Do you like what you see?"

Panda's breath caught in her throat and she found herself nodding. The King chuckled, then began thrusting into his Queen with even greater force. The Queen gripped the edge of the bed to keep from being pushed onto the floor. Soon she came with a loud cry that echoed through the stone room and sent a rush of fire through Panda's stomach and down to her privates.

She watched the King pull out, his member hard and dripping with the Queen's juices. Panda could not take her eyes off of fit, even when the King began to laugh, having noticed her gaze. 

"It's like she's never seen a cock before," the King said, amused. "I thought you said she was not a virgin?"

"She said she's not," the Queen panted, still catching her breath from her orgasm.

"Well?" the King said to Panda. 

Finally, she forced her gaze away.

"I have seen...before," Panda said shyly. "Just...never one...like yours."

"Come here," the King said to her. "Come sit on the edge of the bed."

Panda pushed the blanket off and got up, straightening her dress as she did so. She took a step forward, then hesitated. They were both naked.

"Come here," the King repeated, in the same authoritative tone he had used with the trader in the market. Panda obeyed instinctively and went to sit on the edge of the bed.

The King moved to sit on the edge of the bed next to her. Panda carefully avoided looking at his nakedness.

"Tell me, princess...what makes my cock so different from others?" he asked. From the corner of her eye, she saw him place his left hand casually around his still-hard cock.

"It's so big," Panda blurted out, then blushed even harder.

"Is it?"

"Yes, Sir, and thick," she said, sliding a glance in the direction of his cock, unable to help herself.

"Would you like to touch it?" the King asked, his dark brown eyes meeting hers. Panda bit her bottom lip anxiously. She did want to...

"Your King asked you a question," the Queen said from where she lay, lounging comfortably against the pillows. She was watching their exchange with mild interest.

"Uh-huh," Panda said shyly.

"It is 'Yes Sir' when you address the King," the Queen corrected. "I will not repeat myself."

"I'm sorry," Panda said quickly. "Yes, Sir, I would l-...like to touch it..."

"Put your hand on it then," the King said, withdrawing his own hand and leaning back a bit, exposing more of his cock.

Panda moved her hand tentatively, reached over, and placed her fingers around the thick shaft. Her fingers did not meet he was so thick. She gave his cock a gentle squeeze, feeling the blood pulse through it.

Instinctively she began moving her hand up and down his shaft.

"Use both hands if you want," the King said, watching not her hands, but her face. Panda focused on stroking the cock before her, using both hands.

"May I kneel between your legs, Sir?" Panda asked after a moment. The King grunted and pushed her down between his thighs. Panda now had a great view of his balls - they were huge, like his cock. All she could think was wow!

A few times Panda opened her mouth, but she had not been instructed or given permission to do anything but touch. The King was watching her, however.

"You want to put it in your mouth, don't you?" he asked with a smirk.

"Yes Sir," Panda said, biting her lower lip nervously. 

"You dirty girl...go ahead."

Permission granted, Panda parted her lips and took the head of the King's thick cock into her small mouth. She began to swirl her tongue around the head, causing the King to moan softly, then she proceeded to lick up and down his shaft, coating his cock with her spit so she could take more of him in her mouth.

"Kiss my balls," he instructed.

Inhibitions gone, Panda quickly obeyed. She kissed, then licked her way up his shaft from his balls to the very tip, then back down again.

"You seem to enjoy sucking dick," the King said as Panda took him into her mouth again, running her tongue along the underside of his cock as she held him in her mouth. "My wife does not like sucking cock."

"It's true," the Queen said. "So I outsource. That's where you come in."

Panda thought about this a moment and nodded, then she pulled away to lick his shaft again. She licked up and down, pausing to kiss the base of his cock, a spot she knew most men were sensitive, then she licked that spot. The King groaned low, a sound almost like a growl.

"I want to see how much of me you can fit into your mouth," he said to her.

"My mouth is small..." Panda said, worried she would disappoint.

"Try," was all he said.

Again, Panda obeyed and took him in her mouth. She couldn't fit much past just the head. The width of his cock was beginning to make her jaw ache.

Panda glanced up at the King, not moving from her position on his cock, to see that he was watching her intently. Something in the depth of his gaze stirred something in her. Suddenly she wanted to do everything she could to please the King, to make him cum...

She took a breath, then forced herself farther down his cock, just another inch or two. She felt the head of his cock hit the back of her throat and she gagged, but tried not to pull away, tried to go farther...

"Good girl!" the King cried out. A thrill rushed through her at these words, but Panda couldn't breathe. She pulled off his cock, coughing a choking. 

"Are you okay?" he asked. Panda nodded quickly.

"Yes Sir," she said, her throat a little sore. "Just couldn't breathe."

"You're supposed to breathe through your nose," the Queen commented from where she was watching them.

"I couldn't, ma'am," Panda said, looking down. She was disappointed with herself.

"Practice," the King said, touching her cheek. "You will learn."

Panda nodded silently. 

"Hmm... How would you like to be fucked with this big dick, princess?" the King asked. Panda felt her mouth go dry and her eyes get big as she stared at the cock before her, imagining it inside her. It was far more than she had dared hope for. 

"Well?" the King asked.

Panda opened her mouth to speak, but found she could only nod silently. The King smirked down at her, then looked to his Queen.

"What do you think, my love?" he asked her.

The Queen considered this a moment.

"Well," she said finally. "She has done everything we asked without question. She's minded her manners. And it looked to me like she sucked dick like a pro."

"She does, I agree," the King said, putting a hand on his cock, still wet with her spit. "I think she's earned it."

The Queen got up off the bed and Panda thought for a moment she was leaving. A stab of nervousness shot through her when she thought of being left alone with the King. She wasn't sure why. Much to her relief, the Queen only went over to the couch and sat down.

"She likes to watch," the King explained.

"I noticed," Panda said with a nod. 

"Cheeky, aren't you?"

"Forgive me, Sir," Panda said quickly. "I didn't mean to-"

"Stand up," the King ordered.

Panda jumped to her feet eagerly, ready to do whatever was asked of her.

The King grabbed her by the waist and pulled her closer, so that she was standing between his legs. 

"I know you're not wearing anything underneath that dress," he whispered, his voice low. Panda blushed and felt a dampness between her thighs. 

"How does that make you feel, being bare underneath your dress?" he asked.

"...Kind of cold," was the only thing she could think of to say.

"You will get used to it," the King said with a chuckle. He slipped a hand under her dress quite suddenly and placed his hand against her bare pussy.

"You don't feel cold to me, princess. In fact, you feel very warm...and wet..." he said.

Panda blushed even harder. 

"What could have made you so wet, I wonder?" the King said, teasing her with one finger, acting like he was going to slip it inside her, then running it along her slit again, but not quite touching her clit. Already Panda felt like she was going to melt under his touch. Her body was on fire and she had never wanted something inside her more!

"Tell me, princess, what has you so wet?" he teased.

"Your cock, Sir," she admitted.

"My cock? But my cock hasn't been anywhere near this tight little pussy. How could it have made you so wet?" he asked playfully.

"Just...imagining, Sir," she replied, squirming, trying to get his finger deeper.

"Imagining what?"

"...Imagining your cock going inside of me. Fucking me like you were fucking the Queen. Imagining how it would feel, filling me up, thrusting in and out of me..."

He pushed his finger all the way in and Panda let out a cry of delight as he immediately found the right spot. She felt herself clench around his finger and before she knew it she was cumming, his finger buried deep inside of her, stroking her sweet spot. As her orgasm subsided, Panda felt her knees grow weak.

"You think you can handle all this dick, girl? It might hurt you, you're so tight," the King said. 

"I'd die trying, Sir," she vowed.

He stood up and looked down at her, his eyes dark in the flickering candlelight.

"Good girl," he said lowly. "Take off 

your dress and lie across the bed."

Panda slipped the dress off her shoulders and let it fall around her ankles.

"On my stomach or on my back, Sir?" she asked obediently. 

"On your back...Good girl," he said as she laid across the bed. He gazed down at her a while and Panda began to feel self conscious. She closed her legs but the King shook his head.

"I don't think so, princess. Open your legs so I can see your pretty little pussy," he said to her. Panda did as she was told but looked away so she wouldn't see him looking at her. She felt him move, then she felt something against her pussy. She looked down and jumped slightly to see the King's head between her thighs. She let out a quiet, uncertain noise and he looked up at her.

"What's wrong?" he asked.
