 This is Chapter 1 of either 5 or 6. There are many sexual elements within the story so I submitted under Sci-Fi/Fantasy due to the setting. I hope you enjoy.

*****

The early morning sun shone bright in the sky above The Kingdom of Magestia. The sound of birds chirping provided sounds of an otherwise typically quiet morning. 

A beam of the morning sun peered through a slight opening in the curtain of Princess Victoria, shining directly on her while she slept. The castle steward and a maid were in her room preparing her wardrobe and prepping the room for vacancy. 

The steward whisked open the curtains allowing the bright sun to lighten the dim room. Victoria's eyes fluttered open bringing her out of her slumber. 

"Rise and Shine, Princess" 

"Thank you, Bayard. I'm awake."

"Let me be the first to wish you a happy eighteenth birthday. Breakfast will be ready in the main dining room shortly."

"That sounds great."

The steward left the room, followed by the maid who had the princess' laundry in tow. 

Victoria stretched her arms in the air and planted her feet on the soft carpeting of her floor. She brushed her thick, auburn mane away from her face as she stood up and made her way to her bathroom.

Closing the door behind her, she untied the sash of her robe and removed it, letting it fall to the floor. She drew a bath and and climbed into her tub, sinking into the comforting water.

Princess Victoria was the adopted daughter of the King, Edmund, who married her mother, Rebecca, when Victoria was a young child. The King had fraternal twins, Princess Demona and Prince Desmond, with his first wife, who passed while they were babies. The three of them grew up together around the same age, Victoria being a couple of months younger than her siblings. 

The Princess relaxed in her bath. She thought about what today would bring. She turned eighteen and that meant a huge celebration in her honor. 

She thought back to a couple of months ago when her brother and sister both turned eighteen on the same day. That was a crazy, eventful day with the mother of all celebrations to cap it all off. If that party was any indication, Victoria was in for a very long day. 

She finished her bath and towelled herself off. She draped the towel over a wooden rack and observed herself in her full length mirror, astonished at how much she resembled her mother, Queen Rebecca.

Victoria was a stunning young woman. She didn't stand very tall, barely eclipsing five feet in height, but she was a perfect mixture of slender and curves. Her breasts were very large for her otherwise petite frame, with thick, meaty dark red nipples and areola, accentuated by her fair skin, capped off the peaks. Her stomach was flat and tight and her legs were shapely as they rose to a proportionately rounded bottom. A thick patch of pubic hair matched her naturally auburn hair. 

She stared at her body almost quizzically. Now that she was eighteen, something seems to have changed. Normally, she wouldn't pay too much attention to her naked self following a bath, but today, she was almost rating herself, mentally pointing out the pros and cons of her what she bare. 

Sighing, she exited her bathroom and dressed in a light purple flowing dress that was a bit shorter than her usual attire, the skirt barely reaching midway down her thighs. She put on her matching shoes and picked out a simple tiara. 

Giving herself a once over, she exited her room and headed toward the main staircase. 

The halls were empty, free of any maids. Victoria stepped quietly down the hall dreading the day she was about to have. If there was one thing she wasn't looking forward to, it was a day long celebration in her honor. She enjoyed her quiet days and preferred more intimate activities rather than multi-kingdom celebrations and get togethers. 

Still, she knew it was coming. She had already attended six of them this year alone. And now, it was her turn.

As she continued toward the main staircase, a noise distracted her. It was coming from the great door of her parent's bedroom. It almost sounded like her mother was crying. 

Victoria carefully stepped over and put her ear to the door. The sounds of whimpering moans was coming from behind the door. 

Looking back and forth down the hall to make sure she was alone, she bent down and peered through the keyhole. At first, she flinched at what she saw.

Queen Rebecca was on all fours, naked, on the bed. Her father, King Edmund, was kneeling behind her thrusting his hips into her. 

"Ohhh. Oh Edmund." the Queen called out. 

"Call me, You're Majesty" the King commanded.

"Oh Yes, You're Majesty. Oh God Yes." Rebecca continued.

The King thrusts his hips hard against her. Rebecca's body jolting forward, her large breasts bouncing back and forth. 

Victoria suddenly felt an unfamiliar feeling, a tingle between her legs. Breaking away from watching the frenzy, she reached a hand down under her skirt. 

She touched herself and felt the moisture of her arousal. Her sex was sensitive and she quickly pulled her hand away. Unsure of how to feel about it, she turned her attention back to the passion. 

Edmund had a firm grip of the Queen's buttocks while he took her. 

Rebecca gripped the sheets hard and let out a long moan. 

"Oh Yes. I'm cumming You're Majesty." she called out.

The King thrusts a few more times before he pulled out, his large member straightened at full attention. 

The Queen hurried around to face him, taking the member into her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down while stroking him furiously with her hand. 

The King grabbed two handfuls of her hair as his body tensed. The Queen pulled the member out of her mouth and stroked it a few more times until he released his orgasm, the seed spurted out and sprinkled the Queen and the bed alike.

"Uhhhh. Uhhhh." The King grunted as he peaked. 

The Queen slowed her strokes as the finale of his orgasm seeped from his throbbing member.

The King lay back on the bed, Queen Rebecca sliding up next to him. She continued slowly stroking his now softening erection.

"Oh Rebecca. That was fabulous." the King praised his wife.

"You were incredible, You're Majesty" she responded with a smile. 

Victoria heard voices from down the hall. She hurried back to her feet and made for the staircase.

---------------------

A full complement of service staff replaced trays and plates all around the royal siblings. Victoria absently watched the hectic activity around her. Her mind was elsewhere, consumed with thoughts of the opposite sex, what she saw with her parents, and above all else, the feeling that grew in intensity between her legs. 

She wanted so badly to leave the table and get back to her room to explore that a little more. However, she also knew the lack of privacy she received. Anytime she was in her room, there was always a maiden, Bayard, or a staff member summoning her or doing something in her room. She wondered if Desmondand Demona ever had to deal with the similar intrusions. 

Speaking of Demona and Desmond, Victoria snapped out of her trance and noticed some sort of tension with them. They did wish Victoria a Happy Birthday, and spoke of how fun the celebration would be, but they seemed at odds with each other, which was very unlike them. 

Demona looked completely miserable. Desmond would glance at her with a cocky smirk but Demona was clearly not amused in the least. 

"So Demona, is Skye going to make it to the party tonight?" Desmond turned and asked.

Demona glared at him like an animal ready to attack. 

"I don't know, Desmond. Is Andrew coming?" she snapped back at him. 

Demona's question brought on a look that could only be described as a mix of anger and disappointment.

Victoria eyed the two of them up, unsure of what to think of the situation. She pushed it out of her mind quickly though, as she was only concerned with escaping this breakfast and finding an opportunity to be alone. 

"Good Morning Demona, Desmond." the booming voice of the King rang out.

"And Happy Birthday Victoria." Edmund continued.

"Yes Sweetheart. Happy Birthday." her mother added.

"Thank you mom and dad." Victoria responded lowly and with less enthusiasm as expected.

"Is everything okay, sweetie?" her mother inquired.

"Everything's fine. I'm just feeling a little overwhelmed with today." she responded.

"Well Victoria, why don't you go and take some time for yourself." The King offered.

"Really?" 

"Sure. Go ahead. It is your birthday after all. Do what you want to do. Just let us know where you'll be and we'll make sure nobody disturbs you." The King continued.

Victoria pondered this perfect timing for a moment. 

"I think I'm just going to go to my room for a short while, just to take it all in." 

"Absolutely." The King agreed.

"Bayard. Princess Victoria will be going to her room. She doesn't want any disruptions." 

"Yes, Your Majesty." the head steward obeyed. 

Victoria gave her brother and sister one more look. Neither acted as if they heard anything that just happened. She excused herself from the breakfast table and hastily returned to her room. She made sure the sizeable room was empty and she locked her door. 

She was nervous. The tingling between her legs was increasing. Goosebumps were starting to run up her back. 

She strode to the bathroom and looked at herself in the mirror. She had never felt like this before. She didn't want to be in the presence of anyone. Not her siblings, not Bayard or her father, not even her mother. 

The tingling sensation grew between her legs. A rush of heat joined in. She found herself breathing rapidly. She closed and locked the bathroom door behind her to ensure there would be no interruptions, even though her father ordered no interruptions, and her father's orders were always followed. 

Breathing short and nervously, she looked at her reflection once more. Anxiously, she pulled the straps of her dress down and quickly pushed it past her hips, letting it fall to the floor. She stood nude and observed her body once more. Her breasts were heaving. Her thick nipples quickly becoming stiff and erect. She thought back to her mother on all fours, with her father thrusting behind her. 

Victoria closed her eyes and licked her lips. Both of her hands travelled up her own hips and along her stomach. She brought them up to her breasts, her fingers brushed along her sensitive and hardened nipples. 

"Ooooh." she whispered out at the sensation of the touch.

The tingling grew between her legs, causing her to shiver slightly. 

She licked her lips again and proceeded to squeeze her full breasts.

"Uhhh." she whispered out again.

She released her breasts and traced her fingers along the tips of her now fully erect nipples. The sensation was exhilarating. 

Suddenly, the warmth and tingle between her legs grew and grew. Her eyes fluttered open momentarily and glanced herself over once again in the mirror before closing them again. 

She lowered one hand between her legs. She touched, ever so lightly, a fingertip to her sex. 

"Ahhh." she moaned quietly.

Startled at the touch, she drew her hand away. She opened her eyes and looked in the mirror again. One hand was still tracing a finger along her nipple. The sensation between her legs began to ache. 

She took a deep breath and closed her eyes again. She lightly placed the finger on her sex and began to explore. She slowly stroked her finger along her labia, slick and saturated, before finally finding the bud of her clitoris. 

"Ahhh." she moaned quietly again.

She pulled her hand away and opened her eyes, looking at her reflection for encouragement. She noticed her hand had a full grasp of her breast now, her nipple trapped between her thumb and forefinger. 

She blinked a few times and breathed in deeply again. She closed her eyes and replaced her hand between her legs and touched her middle finger directly on her clitoris. 

"Uhh." she moaned. 

Her legs tensed while she kept the finger in place. Licking her lips once more, she began to slowly stroke her finger up and down the tiny bud, the warmth between her legs surging.

"Uhhh. Uhhhhhhh." the moans were in a shaky, breathy voice.

She noticed the slickness increased as well. She decided to stroke a little more quickly, keeping her middle finger square of the swelling bud between the folds of her sex. 

Her legs began to shake uncontrollably. The sensations between her legs skyrocketed. She felt a strong pressure build inside her. 

Keeping the stroking consistent, she felt the grasp on her breast and nipple tighten even more to the point of a hard squeeze. To her surprise, it didn't hurt at all. It felt magnificent. 

The ache within her was indescribable, as she felt like she was ready to explode from within. 

Without realizing it, she had pressed more firmly on her clitoris and her strokes became very fast.

"Uhhh...Uhhhhh...Uhhhh." the moans became exhausted.

With a rush, there was a sudden release.

"AHHHHHH." she screamed.

Victoria grasped the side of the tub upon the release of pressure. Her legs quivered and grew weak before going slack on her. She collapsed to the floor, holding the tub to make sure she didn't hurt herself. 

She breathed heavily and rapidly. The tingling returned and was strong to the point of bothersome. 

She looked around the bathroom, completely unsure of what had happened. She finally focused on the mirror and looked at the reflection staring back at her. She was on the floor, legs curled back. One hand holding the side of the tub, the other, palm first on the floor. 

She swallowed hard and dared to reach down between her legs. She touched her swollen bud. 

"Ohhhh." she whispered shakily.

The overwhelming sensation was one she could hardly bare. 

Refusing to bring her finger away, she slowly stroked the clitoris again. Wave after wave of the sensation engulfed her body. 

Sliding her finger down to the opening of her sex, she felt how saturated it was, a little of it streamed down her thighs. 

The swelling was so intense it was pulsating. She noticed her nipples were still erect and stiff. She finally brought her hand up from between her legs. 

Out of breath and still quivering from the aftershocks of the most exhilarating feeling she'd ever experienced, she struggled to her feet.

Each step she took was a hard fought contest as her legs brushing together caused friction between her legs that sent jolts of sensation all throughout her body. She made it to her bed and collapsed onto it. She rolled over onto her back and stared at the high ceiling.

"So, that's what Mom was feeling when she moaned." she inquired aloud to herself.

Victoria's eyes grew heavy. She was about to doze off but quickly snapped out of it as she knew she had to get dressed and take on the events of the day.