 Victoria fixed her hair in the mirror. She straightened her dress and gave herself one last look before turning and leaving her room, closing the door quietly behind her. 

She looked around the empty halls. She was really enjoying the alone and quiet time. 

Ugh. Why did this have to happen today? she thought as she wandered aimlessly along. 

"No Desmond. No." she heard Demona from a distance behind her. 

She hustled down the hall but something told her to stop before turning the corner to the hall where Desmond's and Demona's bedrooms were. 

The odd dynamic that was displayed at breakfast between the twins had peaked Victoria's curiosity. 

She stayed concealed against the wall and listened.

"I can't believe it. Why, Desmond? Why would you do that to me? Demona argued. 

She sounded like she was nearly in tears. There was no response from Desmond.

"Was I not good?" She continued. 

"No Demona. That's not it." Desmond defended himself.

"Then what? Why Skye?" Demona continued to argue

"I don't know. It just...started happening." Desmond pleaded his case.

"How many times?" Demona continued her interrogation.

"Only a couple." Desmond answered.

"A couple?" Demona continued. "How many times, Desmond?" 

Victoria wondered why Demona was so upset at Desmond and Skye. They kind of made a good couple. Skye was a very beautiful princess and Desmond was quite possibly the most attractive young man in all the kingdoms. 

"Five times." He answered.

"Five. And what about us? When was the last time you came to see me?" Demona went on.

This peaked Victoria's interest. 

What about them? she thought to herself. 

"All those times I had you in my room. What happened? Lately, you've been avoiding it, all the while flirting with Skye and flaunting it in my face." Demona whined. 

Victoria's eyes widened.

Had him in her room? Was she talking about, that?

"I'm sorry, Demona. But what do you expect me to do?" Desmond pleased again.

Demona sighed. 

Victoria stood silently, eagerly awaiting the answer.

"Well, I mean. Why do have to keep having Skye over when...when I'm right here?" Demona responded.

This took Victoria by surprise.

Desmond and Demona. It all made sense now.

"It's not the same, Demona, and you know that. You remember our agreement." Desmond reponded.

Demona looked up at him with a slight look of defeat. 

"Yes, I remember."

Desmond placed a comforting hand on Demona's shoulder. 

"Good." Desmond assured.

He glanced up and down the hallways. 

"You know, things are pretty quiet right now. How about you come on in to my room and we'll continue this...talk." He suggested.

Victoria gasped quietly. Something totally changed in Desmond's voice. It was no longer an argument. It was soothing, yet commanding. 

Victoria felt that familiar tingle again. It hit her out of nowhere. 

"Now? But we have Victoria's party to get ready for. And Mom and Dad are going..." Demona's response was cut off.

Victoria had no idea what was happening now. She couldn't take it anymore and she carefully peered around the corner and gasped aloud.

Desmond and Demona were kissing. 

Demona's arms wrapped tightly around Desmond's neck. He reached behind and opened his bedroom door. 

He grabbed Demona's ass with both hands and lifted her up. Her legs wrapped around his waist as he turned and carried her into the room, the door slamming shut behind them. 

Victoria was ready to leave. She knew she should but, she had to check this out. 

She stepped quietly down the hall to Desmond's bedroom door. She held her ear against it and heard the faint sounds of wet kisses. 

This is unbelievable. She thought. 

She bent down and peered through the keyhole, similar to when she watched her parents just two short hours ago.

Desmond and Demona knelt on the bed, continuing their passionate embrace. Desmond worked swiftly as he pulled Demona's dress down over her shoulders. Demona slid her arms out as he worked the dress off of her, freeing her body from the restrictions of clothing and into full nudity. 

Her moderate-sized breasts were proportionate to her thin frame with tiny, pink nipples. Her body was tight and well-maintained and her ass rounded to near perfection for her build. 

Demona quickly reciprocated and worked Desmond's princely coat and shirt from his body, exposing a tight chest which was sculpted nicely with an enticing patch of hair that led to his fine torso, fully complimented with an unexaggerated outline of abdominal muscles. 

As Victoria watched on with enthusiasm, the tingling between her legs intensified and was met with a rush of heat. 

Their kissing continued as Demona worked the belt loose of his pants. She tossed it aside and eagerly worked the pants loose and pushed them down past his waist, freeing a large member that was already near full erection.

Like father like son. Victoria thought, remembering the size of the King's member that did wonders for her mother earlier that morning.

She felt her breathing become shallow and shaky again. She watched intently, hardly being able to wait for what was to come next.

Desmond laid down on the bed and pulled Demona on top of him. With hardly any assistance, his large member found the entrance to Demona's sex and worked its way inside of her. She lowered herself fully down on him.

"Ohhhh Shit." Demona called out.

Victoria's hand quickly made its way under her skirt and between her legs, almost without her even knowing it. She was wet again, hot and sensitive. This time, she knew the button to push for herself and knew what to expect.

Victoria stroked her clitoris rapidly as it swelled beneath her finger. 

"Mmmm." Victoria cooed, making sure not to disrupt the show.

Demona braced herself on Desmond's chest with her hands. She bucked her hips up and down, forward and backward while she straddled him, his large erection filling her with its invasion. 

Desmond grabbed two handfuls of Demona's buttocks, assisting her as she bounced roughly on top of him.

"Ohhh. Ohhh. Ohhh. Uhhhhhh. Ohhh Desmond." Demona's moans went in unison with each thrust. 

Victoria bit her bottom lip as she began to press harder on her clitoris, massaging now in circular strokes. 

"Ohhhhhh Desmond...Yes. Just like that." Demona called out. 

Demona bounced wildly on Desmond, their flesh slapping together in a perfect rhythm, going on for several minutes but it seemed like hours. 

Victoria's breathing quickened. She felt the pressure start to rush as she knew that amazing feeling was about to happen again.

Demona's body quickly tensed. She slowed her pace to a near stop as she burst into an orgasm. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." she let out a long moan. 

Her body collapsed onto Desmond, her head resting on his shoulders. 

Desmond took her wrists and held them behind her back. Without hesitation, he thrust his hips upward. 

Demona let out a continual drawn out moan as Desmond repeatedly thrust into her, punishing her sex from underneath her. 

Victoria watched in a dreary daze as her body approached climax. She tensed and her legs shivered as she released her own self-induced orgasm. 

"Uhnnnn." she let out, much louder than she intended. 

Desmond released Demona's wrists and grabbed a strong hold of her ass again. He thrust up into her a few more times and then elevated her, withdrawing his throbbing erection. 

"Uhhh." he groaned as he released his orgasm. 

Stream after stream of his seed shot from him like a cannon as Demona slid to the side. She immediately grabbed his shaft and began to stroke him quickly up and down his length, sending him twitching through the sensation, and milking the final remnants of his cum from him.

Desmond sighed shakily. Demona cooed through a smile as she eyed her brother up and down.

Desmond glanced to her and returned a smile. 

Just on the other side of the bedroom door, Victoria fell slack onto the floor and leaned back against the bedroom door, breathing heavily, and quivering through the bursts of pleasure that jolted all throughout her body. 

"Holy Shit." she whispered in delight. 

She pulled herself together and got up off the floor. She hurried back down the hall and around the corner before someone saw her.

Demona put her dress back on and straightened herself up in the mirror. She walked over to Desmond's door and opened it, peering down the hall. 

When all was safe she turned and waved to Desmond before exiting the room.

In the hallway, a frown came over her face as she closed the door behind her. She hurried down the hall and down the main stairs.

Bypassing the staff who was setting up the party, she hurried out the main entrance to the castle.