 Victoria stood in the ballroom, greeting and taking up light conversation with everyone that approached her, which was seemingly everyone on the guest list. 

She noticed Demona standing in a circle of her friends, Princess Melina and Princess Alexis, who had made a late arrival to the party. Skye was also there in the circle and was dominating the conversation with Melina and Alexis humoring her with laughter at whatever she was saying. Demona, however, was looking away and not paying much attention. 

Not far from them, three Princes, Colin, Andrew, and Frederick were also standing in a circle. Colin told a story of his own. That story seemed to fall on deaf ears, however, as Andrew and Frederick kept glancing over at the princess huddle that was a mere few feet away.

Skye noticed Andrew's attention and became a little more animated with her storytelling.

"I'm going to get a drink." Colin announced. "Do either of you want anything?"

"I'll join you." Frederick agreed.

"No, thanks." Andrew said.

He didn't even look back to answer Colin. Instead, he eyed the princesses up and down. 

Once his friends left, Andrew took the opportunity to approach the group of happy princesses. 

"Hi, Demona." Andrew said.

"Hi." Her response was low and somber. She didn't even look up to acknowledge the greeting. 

"Is everything okay?" The Prince inquired.

Skye stopped her story and looked over to Demona.

"Demona? Everything okay?" she interjected.

"I'm fine, everyone. Really, I am." Demona snapped her response. "I'll be right back."

She walked off. Andrew watched with a look of concern. He and Demona usually got along very well. Skye came up behind him and hooked her arm under his.

Melina and Alexis took this opportunity to escape the conversation and leave the ballroom. 

"Come on, Andrew. I know a place we can go." Skye offered. 

Andrew looked over at her a moment. He glanced back to Demona as she was exiting the ballroom. 

"Okay." he responded with a shrug. 

Skye led the way as they walked arm in arm out of a side entrance of the ballroom. 

Colin and Frederick returned to find all their friends gone. 

Victoria knodded a thank you to the last guest to greet her. She sighed and looked around to see the groups had broken off. She decided she would take this opportunity to get away for a bit before sunset and the start of the main party in the courtyard. 

Looking around to make sure no one else was approaching her, she wandered to the ballroom exit, and slipped out the door.

The foyer was empty, with all the staff tending do the ballroom festivities. Victoria noticed Alexis and Melina leave the castle. She made her way upstairs and down the hall to her bedroom.

Closing the door and locking it behind her, Victoria plopped onto the bed. Weary and a bit stressed out, she lay and stared, thinking about her brother and sister. 

When she found Desmond and Demona earlier, they were headed back from the stream. Demona was walking ahead of him and they didn't speak. Victoria was able to keep some light conversation going but the twins seemed very angry during the walk back. 

An argument didn't breakout but with the level of tension between them, Victoria felt it would have if she hadn't found them. When they arrived at the castle, Desmond said something along the lines of, I should've known. 

Victoria could only act surprised when he stormed off and didn't join everyone else in the ballroom. But she knew exactly what he was talking about. 

Their sexual relationship was causing friction and whatever Demond's involvement with Skye is, it was making Demona very unhappy and very, very jealous.

Victoria sided with her sister on this one, and started to feel the same jealousy when it came to Desmond and Skye.

Why did Skye NEED to be with Desmond anyway? She's beautiful. Surely Colin or any other prince would make a great suitor for her. Why did she have to make the moves on MY brother? Victoria thought to herself. 

Sighing, she started to feel a little tense. Her thighs rubbed together uncontrollably. She reached her hand down between her legs and up her skirt, touching her throbbing sex as it became wet and sensitive, yet again. 

"Ohhh Shit." She whispered to herself. 

The more she thought about Desmond and Skye, the more she approached a point well-beyond jealousy. Anger was starting to build up. She was reaching a boiling point, mixed with overwhelming arousal prompting her to touch herself. The mixed emotions sending her into a haze.

Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. 

She quickly pulled her hand out from under her skirt and got off her bed. She composed herself as quickly as she could before unlocking and opening her door.

It was Desmond. 

"Hey Victoria." He greeted.

"Hi Desmond." She answered back.

"I was sitting in my room and it occurred to me that, you've spent this entire day avoiding everybody." 

"Yea, well. It's just been a very weird day for me." Victoria confessed without actually confessing.

"I can understand that." Desmond continued. "You've had these types of days before. But even when you've had some of your worst days, you've always come to me. You never avoided me." 

Victoria just looked at him in silence, unsure of how to respond to this truth.

Desmond offered an incredible smile.

"Why is today any different?" He continued.

"I don't know. It's kind of hard to explain." Victoria tried to stay vague.

"Try me." He challenged as he stepped past her and entered her bedroom.

Victoria closed the door and locked it. She had to come up with something quick without revealing everything she had witnessed.

"Okay. I'm not sure what's going on, but, I've noticed a serious friction with you and Demona. And I can only assume that it has something to do with Skye."

Desmond sighed and was ready to respond.

"Let me finish." She continued. "Now, I'm not sure why Demona would take such an issue with the idea of you and Skye together but, I'm sure it's the same reason I'm taking issue with it." 

Desmond chuckled briefly.

"I doubt you're taking issue with it for the same reasons, Victoria. And, what makes you think anything is even going on with me and Skye anyway?"

"Desmond. I'm not blind. I see the way you act around her. I see how she looks at you. She's over here a lot, even on days when Demona is away." Victoria continued.

Desmond could only lower his head.

"Look. Skye is beautiful. Everyone knows that. But she's Demona's best friend." Victoria continued to lecture. "And I'm sure Demona is feeling like she's losing her best friend and her brother is the one taking her away."

Victoria was actually proud of her quick thinking.

"It's probably more than that, Victoria. Skye and Demona probably had some sort of falling out. I doubt it has anything to do with me."

"So tell me something. Have you and Skye been, you know, together?" Victoria finally asked.

Her brother hesitated, pondering whether he should even get involved in this conversation with her.

"Look, Victoria. We've all gotten older, and things have changed a little bit. A lot, actually."

Yeah, tell me about it. Victoria thought to herself.

"And as we've grown, the way we see and act around certain people has changed." He continued.

Victoria looked at him, confused.

"We're not kids anymore." 

"I know that." Victoria interjected.

"You've been taking an interest too, Victoria. You can't deny it. It's natural."

Desmond moved very close to her. Victoria gasped as he approached. He reached out and placed a hand on her shoulder. She reached out and rested her hand on his chest as he leaned down close to her.

"We all do." he said softly and smoothly.

He brushed past her as he went to the door. He turned back to face her as she watched him.

"It's going to be a celebration tonight, Victoria. It's your day and you should be happy. I'll help you enjoy yourself. Just find me when you decide to join the party." he said much more vibrantly.

He left the room, closing the door behind him. 

Victoria found herself breathing heavily and blinking a lot as if coming out of a daze. She sighed as she realized that Desmond didn't give her a straight answer to her question about Skye.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Melina and Alexis wandered through the garden. It was empty and quiet. Once out of sight of the castle entrance, they interlocked their fingers and held hands. 

"I wonder what's wrong with Demona today?" Melina began.

"I'm not sure. She has been really out of it. Is something going on with her and Skye? They didn't seem all that cordial in there." Alexis added.

"Well, I think everyone knows about Desmond and Skye. Demona must not be happy about it." Melina said.

"Well, they are both of age now. I don't see what the big deal is with Skye and Desmond anyway. I mean, every female in all the kingdoms seems to be interested in the great Prince Desmond of Magestia." Alexis added.

"I know of two that aren't." Melina said with a smile. 

The girls chuckled as they wandered behind a large berry bush, where they stopped and embraced. 

Princess Alexis placed a soft kiss onto Melina's lips. Melina returned the kiss and their lips parted. Immediately, Alexis ran her hand up Melina's back and unfastened her dress. Bringing her hands up to Melina's shoulders, she pulled the dress down over her shoulders, past her hips, and letting it slide down to the grass floor. 

Stepping out of her dress, Melina broke the kiss and hastily worked Alexis' dress off until they both stood nude before each other. 

Melina reached a hand down between Alexis's legs and began to massage her sex. Alexis reciprocated as they continued their deep kiss. Both girls moaning into the other's mouth. 

Together, they lowered to the ground and lay facing each other. 

Alexis rubbed her middle and fore fingers over Melina's bud. Melina stroked her hand up and down the length of Alexis's sex bringing her to an extreme level of arousal. Alexis actually broke away from the kiss.

"Oh God." she moaned out. 

Melina leaned more into her prompting Alexis to lay back. Melina climbed on top of her, resting on her thighs. Continuing the soft caress of her sex, Melina lowered and placed her lips on one of Alexis's nipples, sucking it stiffly into her mouth. 

"Uhhhh." Alexis let out.

Melina trapped Alexis's erect nipple between her teeth, flicking her tongue over the tip. 

Alexis breathed short, rapid gasps. Melina slid a finger inside her partner, her arousal offering ease of access. 

"Uhnnnnn." Alexis whined a moan. 

Melina worked her nipple with her mouth while probing her finger in and out. Alexis squirmed beneath her. 

"Ohhhh. Oh Melina. Yeah, just like that." Alexis continued her whiny moans.

Alexis' toes curled as the rush of an orgasm approached. Sensing this, Melina added a second finger delving deeper inside. 

"Uh. Uh. Uh. Uhhhhh." Alexis called out, bucking her hips and squirming as she came.

Melina finally released Alexis's nipple from her mouth. Alexis sat up and kissed Melina eagerly.

Melina lay back on the ground. Alexis moved her mouth down the front of her neck and her chest.

"Mmmm." Melina cooed.

She continued down the front of Melina's body, kissing her breasts and working her way down her torso to her pubic region. Pushing legs apart, Alexis immediately attacked her clitoris with her mouth. 

"Ohhhh Shit." Melina called out.

Alexis worked her tongue over Melina's bud. She brought her hand down and slid her middle and fore fingers inside her. 

"Uhhhh. Yes." Melina moaned at the sensation.

Melina grabbed both of her own breasts and massaged her nipples while Alexis worked her over.

Alexis pressed her tongue against Melina's clitoris, licking up and down, swirling it around in circles. 

It took hardly any time at all for Melina's orgasm to build. Alexis was very skilled with her mouth and knew exactly what got her princess lover off.

"Ohh. Ohh. Ohh. Ohhh." Melina moaned very loudly.

Her legs tensed as her orgasm released. She let go of her breast and reached her hands down grabbing Alexis' hair. Alexis withdrew her fingers and brought them up, inserting them into Melina's mouth. Melina happily licked and sucked the orgasm off her partner's fingers. 

Alexis lay down next to Melina. They kissed softly as they caught their breath.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Desmond approached his bedroom. As he was about to open his door, Demona's door opened behind him. He turned to look at her. She had changed from her dress into a silk night robe. 

"Desmond?"

"What is it?" He responded shortly.

"Can we, talk, for a minute?" She asked humbly.

Desmond opened his door and entered his room. He held the door for his sister to follow him in. He closed the door and locked it.

"What do you want to talk about? We need to get ready for Victoria's celebration." 

Demona removed the robe and let it drop to the floor. She stood nude in front of him.

"I'm sorry, Desmond. I didn't mean to..."

"Well, you did." He cut her off. "You know what we agreed to and you went against it." 

"I'm so sorry." Demona pleaded. "I'm so, so sorry."

"You're sorry, until it happens next time." Desmond snapped. 

"I just don't understand why there has to be a next time. Why can't..."

He raised a hand to cut her off. 

"No." he stated firmly.

"But Desmond, I..."

He raised a hand to cut her off again. This time, not answering, he pointed to the door.

"Don't do this to me. Why are you doing this to me? Demona argued.

Desmond walked past her and undressed. He opened his closet and slowly browsed his selection of attire to wear for the celebration. Demona hurried behind him.

"I'm sorry I got jealous." She pleaded again.

She wrapped her arms around his waist. She lowered one hand down to his semi-erect penis.

Desmond seemed to ignore this gesture as he still pondered his choice of clothing. But the ignorance didn't last long. Demona began to stroke his member and it thickened into a full erection in her grasp.

With a sudden maneuver, he turned around. Demona maintained a hold of his erection, stroking him from base to head. 

"Please." she mouthed without actually speaking. 

Desmond stood and stared at her. Demona took one of his hand in hers and brought it to her breast.

"I can be everything to you Desmond. You don't need Skye."

Demona started to stroke him more quickly now. Desmond reach his other hand up and grasped her other breast.

"Oh Yes.." She let out in a whisper. 

Her eyes closed as she stroked him very rapidly now. Desmond looked down at her, his face lacked expression. 

"I want you, Desmond." She whispered.

She stepped backwards toward his bed, keeping a hold of his erection to bring him with her. 

Desmond stepped forward. He released her breasts and gripped her by the hips. He turned her and bent her forward on his bed. 

Demona gripped the sheets as she braced herself for him. 

He teased the head of his member against her aroused sex. He prodded just the head into her and leaned forward so his body pressed against hers, keeping his hips retreated. 

He leaned his head close to her ear.

"We have to get ready for Victoria's party. You need to go back to your room and get dressed." He whispered.

"Huh?" she asked.

Desmond pressed his hips slightly forward pressing his head fully inside her.

"Uhhhhh." She groaned.

"Go back to your room and get dressed for the party." Desmond commanded again.

"But...but." She moaned her protest.

He pressed into just slightly more, keeping up with his teasing.

"Ohhh." She whimpered.

"We don't have time now. You'll just have to keep yourself composed until tonight." Desmond teased.

Slowly he withdrew his member from her.

"No. No. No." She cried out.

He brushed the head of his erection along the slick length of her sex. 

"Please. Desmond, please." She begged.

"You'll survive." He said with an evil smirk. "All you have to do is wait until tonight. Wait until after the party. Now go get dressed." 

Desmond drew back from her. He helped her stand upright. Demona turned around swiftly.

"Oh Desmond. You're dead meat tonight. I hope you know what you got yourself into." She teased a threat.

Demona grabbed her robe and sighed as she made her way to the door.

She opened the door and looked back to her brother. 

"Tonight." She reconfirmed. 

Desmond gave a short knod as his sister stepped out of the room and closed the door behind her. 

In the hallway, Demona quick stepped across the hall and into her room, holding her robe at her side.