 "Ohhh Skye. Oh Yea." Andrew called out.

Skye stood behind Andrew, who's pants were down around his ankles. She was fully dressed and rubbing her hands up and down his back.

Andrew was ambitiously stroking himself. 

"Come on. You can do it for me, baby. Do it for Skye." Her sweet voice cooed.

A few more swift tugs on his erection and he released.

"Uhh. Uhh. Uhhhhh. Uhh." he moaned out.

Andrew ejaculated, shooting his semen into the open space in front of him. 

"Oh yeah baby. You know what Skye likes." she said as she rolled her eyes.

Andrew's legs grew weak. He turned and hurried to a chair to sit down. 

Skye walked over to him. She leaned forward, resting her hands on his tense thighs, and kissed him gingerly on the lips. 

"That was fun." she said. 

Andrew reached out like he was going to bring her onto his lap but she quickly turned and walked away. He watched with a smirk as the beautiful princess exited the room. 

Skye opened the door to the ballroom and glanced around. She didn't see any of her friends, except for Colin and Frederick, who looked as though they were engrossed in a serious conversation. She turned around and eyed the main stairs.

Closing the door, she looked to make sure no one was around and she hurried upstairs. 

-------------

Victoria exited her room. She was bracing herself for a massive celebration that she wanted no part of. But, she knew it was something she had to do. 

She began thinking of how James popped into her room. Her constant escapes were starting to draw suspicion. If he noticed she was gone, everyone else probably has to. If there was one thing she didn't want, even less than this celebration, it was to try and explain her way out of the constant absences. 

As she slowly wandered down the hall, trying to take as much time as possible, she noticed Sky heading around the corner toward Desmond and Demona's rooms. 

Quickly and quietly, she hustled past the steps to the corner of where the hallway turned, making sure to keep out of sight.

Skye knew Desmond' and Demona's rooms were across from each other. 

If anyone asks, I'm looking for Demona. She thought to herself.

She made her way down the hall and stood outside Desmond's room.

"Skye?" a voice from behind her called.

She turned to see Victoria standing behind her.

"Oh. Victoria. Hi." Skye said nervously.

"What are you doing up here?" Victoria asked sternly.

"I'm looking for Demona. She left the ballroom and I haven't seen her since." 

"Well, her door is behind you." Victoria spoke accusingly. 

Skye turned and looked at Demona's door, then back to Victoria who stared at her angrily.

"I know. I just thought I heard something in Desmond's room so..."

"So you wanted to check to see if everything was okay?" Victoria finished.

Skye looked down and away for a moment, then back at her.

"Victoria, it's really none of your business why I'm here. I'm not bothering you so, why don't you go celebrate your birthday and leave me alone." Skye snapped.

"Well, I have to talk to Desmond so, yes, you are bothering me." Victoria quickly responded.

Demona's door opened.

"Skye?" Demona asked.

"Demona. There you are. I was just coming up to see how you are." 

She shot a glance at Victoria who walked past her and knocked on Desmond's door before opening it.

"I'm getting ready for the party, Skye." Demona said.

"Great. Let's pick something out for you. You're going to look dazzling." 

Skye brushed past Demona and into her room. Demona watched as Victoria closed Desmond's door behind her. She turned and closed her door.

Victoria turned around and saw Desmond standing by his bed. He was nude and piecing together a suit.

"Oh My." Victoria startled.

Desmond turned and looked at her. 

"Victoria."

He noticed her glancing repeatedly down at his lower half. It took him a moment to realize he was nude. He quickly covered his private area.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

Victoria was dumbfounded. She couldn't come up with anything.

"Um. Well I...I wanted to thank you. You know, for earlier." She finally let out.

"Thank me for what?" he said.

"Just uh, for noticing I haven't been myself and..."

"It's okay." Desmond cut her off. "There's no need to thank me."

Victoria sighed.

"But." he continued. "I do have to get dressed so, if you don't mind, I'll talk to you at the celebration?" 

"Oh. Yes. I'm sorry. Of course." she stumbled with her words.

Desmond gave her a half smile before turning his attention back to his clothing. She turned and hurried out the door and closed it behind her. She leaned back against it and sighed. 

"Wow." she said quietly to herself.

Giving Demona's bedroom door an angry glare, she turned and hurried down the hall, nearly tripping in her heels. She stopped at the stairs and looked down. She then glanced down the hall to her bedroom.

Without a second thought, she hurried past the stairs and entered her bedroom. 

Locking the door behind her, she strode across her room, removing her dress so eagerly that it dropped to the floor before she reached her bed.

--------------

Many torches and a few fire pits lit the courtyard of the castle. The sun was setting quickly and the celebration has already begun. The Royal Family of Magestia sat upon their thrones. Victoria and Demona sat to the right of Queen Rebecca, and Desmond sat to the left of King Edmund. 

Victoria scanned the courtyard in search of Skye. It was crowded but spaced out enough that she was able to locate her at the far end with Princess Melina and Princess Alexis. Studying her tendencies, she noticed a lot of glances toward the Royal Family, particularly to the far right where Desmond sat. 

Victoria looked over to Desmond, who was smiling, but he seemed focused on the corner where Skye was standing. She glanced to Demona who obviously noticed the same thing. The glare she gave Desmond was intense enough to shatter glass. 

King Edmund and Queen Rebecca stood. Bayard made his way to the King's side.

"May I have your attention please?" Bayard announced. 

A hush fell over the guests.

"His Majesty, King Edmund." Bayard introduced.

"On behalf of everybody here in the Kingdom of Magestia, the Queen and I would like to extend our heartfelt birthday wishes to our daughter, Princess Victoria." The King decreed.

The guests applauded extensively. Victoria stood up and offered a proper curtsy. She looked over and Demona was slowly clapping. She feigned a smile before turning her attention to the far corner, and fixed her glare on Skye. 

Victoria glanced at Desmond who was clapping enthusiastically and smiling at her. She smiled warmly at him before turning her attention back to the guests.

"Thank you everybody for coming out. This has been a wonderful day and I hope everyone enjoys themselves as much as I will." she said.

She kept it short and sat down. The guests clapped again. 

"If you'll all make way, there will be a quick circus performance and then the great Sorcerer, Liam, will put on a dazzling display." The King announced.

He and the Queen sat as the guests cleared an opening in the middle of the courtyard. 

The circus show went on for several minutes. Victoria didn't pay it any mind. She focused on Skye, Desmond, and Demona.

Demona would glare at Desmond, but when Desmond would glance back, Demona would look down and away. 

"Demona?" Victoria asked.

She didn't look up. Victoria had never seen her like this before. She could only feel pity for her sister. She saw what happened in Desmond's room earlier, and understood the concern Demona was feeling. 

Victoria was feeling it too. She hated the idea of Desmond and Skye. She didn't know how she felt yet about Demona and him but, she knew she was on her sister's side and didn't want Skye anywhere near her brother.

"Demona. Would you like to take a walk with me?" Victoria offered. 

Demona looked at her suspiciously. She glanced back at Skye, then Desmond, before turning back to Victoria and nodded.

"We'll be right back, mom." Victoria told the Queen.

Demona and Victoria stood and left the courtyard. They walked to the castle entrance which at this time, would be the only place they could be alone.

"Demona, something's bothering you. Please tell me." Victoria inquired.

"I, I can't." Demona dismissed.

Victoria put her arm around her sister.

"Demona, I'm your sister. You can come to me with anything. Nobody can protect your secrets better than I can." Victoria pushed on.

Demona looked over at her.

"What makes you think I have a secret?"

"All day you've been, well, distracted. And you just told me you can't tell me what's wrong, meaning something is going on, usually something you don't want other people to know."

Demona looked away for a moment, then glanced back to Victoria.

"Earlier today, when Skye was upstairs, you were there too." Demona said rather quizzically.

"Yes." Victoria responded.

"How long were you there before I came out?" 

"Not real long. Just long enough to ask Skye what she was doing."

"What was Skye doing?" Demona pressed on.

"She said she was looking for you. But from where I was standing, it looked like she was actually approaching Desmond's room." Victoria said.

"So, you went into Desmond's room instead?" Demona asked in a tone that sounded accusatory.

"I know where you're going with this, Demona. I saw Desmond and Skye earlier." Victoria finally admitted.

"What do you mean you 'saw' them?"

Demona suddenly showed much more interest. 

"Earlier today, I saw them when Skye arrived. They went for a walk in the garden and I was there. The three of us then went back to the castle." Victoria described.

Demona looked up to the sky.

"So, why did you go into Desmond's room?" Demona returned to her previous question.

"I only did it to prevent Skye from trying to go in there. I knew what she was up to." Victoria said.

Demona sighed in relief.

"Why are you asking me about Skye and Desmond anyway?" Victoria continued.

Demona looked down again. She then turned to face her sister.

"I'm going to tell you something and I need to know that you'll never, ever speak of it." Demona said.

Victoria now knew that Demona was going to admit everything.

"Demona, if you don't want me to tell anybody, I won't. I promise." Victoria said.

Demona looked back to the sky and sighed again. She was shaking, clearly nervous about letting the secret of her and Desmond out. She looked back to Victoria.

"Desmond and I have been...together." Demona spoke in a soft whisper.

Victoria looked away for a second. She had to feign surprise here.

"Wow. Together, meaning you've, what? Kissed?" she responded acting surprised.

Demona looked at her with a single raised eyebrow.

"A lot more than kissing, Victoria. We've gone all the way."

Victoria continued putting on the act of surprise.

"We've been together several times. It started on the night of our eighteenth birthday. But then, Skye started paying him more attention and..." 

"You've been getting jealous of her." Victoria finished. 

Demona stared at her.

"Am I right?" Victoria continued.

Demona pondered while she stared at her.

"You're asking me about jealousy?" Demona questioned. "You don't seem surprised by what I just told you." 

"Um." Victoria was lost for words.

"Did Desmond already tell you when you went into his room?" Demona asked angrily.

"No. Not at all." Victoria defended.

Demona glared at her, but her facial expression changed to that of confusion.

"Did you...did you already know?" Demona asked.

Victoria hesitated for a moment.

"Of course not, Demona. How could I have possibly known something like that?" 

"Then why don't you seem surprised?"

Victoria thought back to when Desmond came to her room earlier in the day.

"When we turn eighteen, it's natural that we start taking an interest in the opposite sex." Victoria responded.

"What?" Demona asked.

"It's only natural, Demona. We learn things about ourselves that we didn't realize when we were younger. We get curious. We explore. You and Desmond reached that point at the same time. Maybe it's weird, and wrong, and shouldn't be happening. But no one knows your true feelings except you." 

Demona watched Victoria, studying every word that left her.

"Well, we should get back before mom and dad send out a search party." Victoria said. 

Demona took Victoria's hand in hers.

"Is it wrong, Victoria?" 

Victoria contemplated her answer. 

"Yes, Demona. It's wrong. But don't worry. No one will ever hear about any of this from me." 

Victoria stood up and helped Demona to her feet. They held hands as they returned to the courtyard just as the circus show was ending.

-----------------

Music played as the masses celebrated. Everything about this celebration was perfect, according to the King. The circus show was fantastic. Liam put on his most dazzling sorcery show. Everyone was eating, drinking, dancing, and socializing. It was these moments that made King Edmund and Queen Rebecca proud. 

Perfect according to the King, was not necessarily perfect for the guest of honor, Victoria. She had spent the majority of this celebration playing moderator of the party, what with keeping Demona in good spirits, and more importantly, keeping Desmond and Skye separated. 

Victoria and Demona danced to one of their favorite musical pieces. There was a tap on Victoria's shoulder and she turned to see a handsomely dressed and completely dashing Prince Frederick. He offered his hand in dance. 

Victoria turned to Demona, who encouraged her to do go.

Frederick led Victoria away and they danced a happy number. Victoria split her attention between the Prince and her sister, who sought out her friends Melina and Alexis. The three of them danced close by. 

Frederick swept Victoria into his arms and spun her in tune with the song. A smile crossed Victoria's face. Frederick smiled back to her. As the song ended, the musicians transitioned into a slower paced sound. 

Frederick, keeping Victoria in his arms, took the lead of a slow dance. Victoria swayed to the soft melody as Frederick guided her to different spots of the dance area, whisking her around at certain points of the song. 

Victoria was lost in the music. Frederick was a great dancer. He was smooth on his feet and moved with perfect rhythm. He held Victoria tight and close. She pressed against him even tighter as the song continued.

Resting her head on Frederick's chest, she opened her eyes and observed her surroundings. She smiled as she saw Demona and Andrew dancing in similar fashion. A little off to the right, Colin was in a three way circle dance with Melina and Alexis. 

Victoria wrapped her arms around his neck and rested her head on his chest. Frederick encircled her hips with his arms and the two held each other tight. 

The song was endless but tantalizing. Frederick and Victoria swayed to the sounds as one. She felt his hands move from her waist slowly up her back in a soft caress. 

"Mmm." Victoria let out.

He lowered his head and nuzzled against her thick, auburn mane. 

Painfully, and frustratingly, the song came to an end and the musicians turned up the tempo again. Victoria and Frederick took a few extra seconds in the embrace before moving out of the way of the other dancers. 

Victoria released him and looked up into his eyes. They shared the gaze a few seconds before Victoria cleared her throat and looked down.

"Thank you for the dance, Frederick."

"It was my pleasure, Princess. Happy Birthday." He said with a bow before disappearing through the crowd. 

Victoria let out a sigh as she looked up to the clear night sky, a pondering smile on her face. 

Realizing that during her dance, the two people she didn't see were Desmond and Skye, she rejoined the reality of the party. She hurried through the crowd.

She found Demona who was dancing with Andrew. She pondered a minute before deciding not to interrupt them. 

Working her way through the sea of dancing guests, she found Melina, Alexis, and Colin. They were engaged in a light-hearted conversation. 

Bypassing them, she looked frantically at the scene in the courtyard. 

Bedroom. Victoria thought.

Victoria made her way to the castle. She looked around the empty castle. Everyone was either cleaning the ballroom or outside tending to the party. 

She ventured up the main staircase and made the turn toward Desmond' room. 

I hope I'm not too late. She thought.

Coming around the corner, she stopped briefly, listening for any hint of sound that would confirm her suspicions. 

Silence.

She turned the corner and softly stepped until she was just outside Desmond's bedroom. She placed her ear to the door and listened intently. 

The faint sound of music from the party outside was all she could hear. She decided to peek through the keyhole. The room seemed empty. 

Sighing in unsure relief, she made her way down the hall, she glanced down the stairs and then down the other hall toward her bedroom.

With a smirk, she bypassed the stairs and to her room.

---------------

Victoria walked gingerly into the ballroom, battling the insatiable ache within her. She had taken the time and availability of the empty castle to pleasure herself once more. It didn't take long since she was ready to explode following the dance with Frederick. 

The music continued, though half the guests have left, including Princess Melina and Princess Alexis. With the courtyard less crowded, she was able to observe the setting much clearer now. 

She instantly found Desmond speaking with Andrew, Colin, and Frederick. She also found Skye speaking with a crowd of Magestica's prospered. 

She glanced over and found Demona sitting alone on her throne. Victoria slowly made her way to Demona, so not to draw attention to herself.

"Hey Demona." Victoria spoke in a broken groan.

"Hi Victoria." Demona said dryly. "Melina and Alexis wanted me to tell you Happy Birthday.'

"Aw. That's sweet. It's a shame they had to leave." Victoria said, more concerned about Demona somber mood.

"Did you mean what you said earlier?" Demona asked.

"I said a lot of things earlier, Demona. But I meant everything I said." Victoria responded.

Victoria looked up to see that Skye had joined Desmond, Colin and Andrew. Conspicuous by his absence, was Frederick. 

"So, I can't help my feelings for Desmond, even though he's my brother and it's wrong?" Demona continued. 

Victoria kept a curious eye out for Frederick while she stayed engaged in the conversation with Demona.

"No. I've always believed that you feel what you feel, regardless of the situation." Victoria responded again.

"Do you think Desmond feels the same way about me?" Demona asked.

"I don't know, Demona. I've only heard what's going on from you." 

"I want to think he does. But, a part of me feels like I'll always be second to Skye." 

Victoria decided she was going to be forthright with her sister.

"Demona. I'm not trying to be mean when I say this, but you have to understand that what you and Desmond have can't be anything more than...than...well, whatever it is you're doing. You can never marry. You can never have children. Desmond is very much aware of this. The two of you are exploring and satisfying a desire. But you will always be second to Skye because, she's not his sister." Victoria lectured.

Demona sighed like it's not what she wanted to hear.

"Skye is someone Desmond can marry, and have a family with, start his own Kingdom with, or be his Queen when he eventually takes rule of Magestica." Victoria continued.
