 Victoria undressed in her bedroom. A very long day of celebrating with the Kingdom had finally come to an end.

She watched Skye's coach depart, which brought a smile to her face. She successfully kept her and Desmond away from each other. 

She also saw Andrew leave. This brought on a little disappointment. He and Demona had danced and she was hoping more would have come of it. That would help Demona in a big way with her predicament.

Still, as the celebration came to an end, Victoria's night was just beginning.

Dressed in a soft, light purple, night robe, Victoria gave herself a once over in her mirror before leaving the room. She realized what she wanted, or at least, she thinks she wanted, but she had to find out. 

Carefully, she made her way down the hall. As she passed her parents room, she heard the same moans of pleasure from behind the door that started the chaos that this day would become. 

She continued down the hall and turned the corner. The hallway was empty and dim. 

She approached Desmond's bedroom door. She reached down and gave the knob a turn and the door opened. Quickly, she entered the room and locked the door behind her. 

--------------

Demona wandered the halls of the lower floor of castle. She took slow steps, pretending to observe the decor on the walls. She found herself back in the main room. She stopped at the bottom of the main stairway. She observed the perfect precision in which Bayard had the staff work to clean up the party. 

In the morning, no one would even know that a celebration had taken place.She thought to herself. 

She took a deep breath and ascended the stairs. She had to hurry to her room and get ready. Desmond was expecting her. 

She reached her room and looked across the hall to Desmond's. She saw a light was on so she knew he was still awake.

She entered her room and quickly got undressed. She opened her closet and went through every night garment she had until she found the one she wanted. And there it was.

"He'll love this." she said aloud to herself.

-----------------

Victoria stepped softly along Desmond's floor. She noticed his princely suit draped over the clothing depository for the maids to clean in the morning. 

A tiny splash got her attention as Desmond was in his bathroom, undoubtedly getting cleaned up for bed, or perhaps, for company. The door was slightly ajar.

Victoria drew in a deep breath before making her way across his room, her footfalls as silent and still as the night. 

She leaned over and peered through the slightly opened door. 

Desmond was attired only in his bottom sleep garment. She admired his shirtless body, so well-made. 

She stepped to the side as Desmond approached his door. He left the bathroom and strode past her without even noticing her presence. 

"Ahem." Victoria let out in her softest of voices. 

Desmond turned to see her. 

"Victoria...what...what are you doing here?" Desmond stammered.

Victoria stayed silent. She slowly moved toward him until she stood right in front of his tall frame.

"I have to tell you something, Desmond." She spoke softly.

"Okay. Can't this wait until morning?" Desmond responded.

"No. It has to be now. Right now." She insisted.

"So. What do you need to tell me?"

"All day long, I've been dealing with...certain things." Victoria started. "Remember what you said to me about taking an interest in the opposite sex?"

"Yes."

"Well, I have been. I have been even before you came to my room." Victoria admitted.

Desmond looked at her, a bit of confusion and intrigue on his face.

"I've watched you all day today, Desmond." Victoria continued. "I was watching every time Skye flirted with you, touching you and putting on a show in public while around you."

"Why is everybody all bent out of shape over Skye and myself?" Desmond defended.

"I also saw you with Demona today." Victoria came clean.

Desmond's eyes widened before he looked away.

"Um...About that..." Desmond stammered.

"Shut Up." Victoria cut him off almost playfully. "You see Desmond, what I've come to realize is, I want what Demona and Skye want." 

At that, she undid her robe and let it fall to the floor, bearing all of her glory to him. 

He eyed her up and down, taking in the sight of unmatched beauty that stood in front of him. 

Nervously, he glanced over at his door, seemingly expecting someone else.

"It's locked." Victoria said.

Desmond stood speechless. Victoria's eyes travelled from his eyes down his body, eventually fixating down below. Eagerly, she reached and grabbed the waist of his bottom sleep garment and undid the singular strap, pulling it loose, and tugging them down.  

Desmond's member sprung free, quickly growing to a full erection. 

Victoria's hands dropped to her sides, her eyes travelling back up his body and meeting his gaze.

Desmond's eyes did the travelling this time, taking it all in. He gazed upon her full and heaving breasts. 

"Demona is supposed to be coming here tonight." He said as he studied Victoria's enticing body.

"She'll just have to wait her turn." Victoria said.

Desmond giggled at the comment but Victoria looked as serious as ever.

"Um..." Desmond started.

Victoria took his hand and led him to the bed. 

Quickly he lifted her and placed her on his bed. She slid backwards until her head rested on one of his pillows. Desmond crawled into his bed and followed her up. 

He reached his hands up and pressed the insides of her legs apart. Victoria's eyebrows raised in curiosity. She watched as Desmond licked his lip and lowered his mouth over her warm and aroused sex.

"Uhhhhh." Victoria gasped. 

Desmond's moist lips met her labia with a soft kiss. He let out his tongue and it worked its way between the folds of her sex in search of the bud of her clitoris, finding it with relative easy.

"Ohhhh." Victoria moaned.

Her legs squirmed and she gripped the sheets of his bed. Desmond firmed his grasp of her thighs, pushing her legs further apart and holding them in place. 

Victoria's legs tensed and stiffened. She pressed her hips upward as his tongue pressed and massaged her rapidly swelling clitoris. 

"Uhhh. Uhhhhhhh." 

Victoria was very vocal with her moans, the sensation driving her mad. Desmond worked slowly, methodically, bringing her arousal to undiscovered heights.

"Uhhh. Ohhhhh. Desmond. Oh My God." Victoria whimpered and whined her moans. 

Desmond's tongue persisted it's exploration of her sex, tasting her, massaging her. Her arousal glazing his tongue. His hands kneaded the insides of her thighs as they held them apart and in place. 

Victoria's eyes widened as that familiar pressure mounted inside her, only much stronger than any of the previous times today. 

She gasped for breath as she released a most intense orgasm. One that caused her body to shake and spasm uncontrollably. 

"Oh God." Victoria squealed.

Desmond wouldn't relent, his tongue continued massaging her swollen bud, sending jolting spasms throughout the entire lower half of her body. His tongue was like magic.

Victoria gripped and pulled at the sheets as she strained through the sensation. 

Desmond slowly pulled away from her. He leaned up and looked down into her eyes. She gazed up at him with a look of struggle on her face. 

Desmond gave her a reassuring smile. He reached down and caressed her cheek. Victoria reached up and interlocked her fingers with his. She nuzzled her cheek into his soft touch. 

Desmond pressed his hips forward allowing his erection to brush against her moist mound.

"Mmm." Victoria hummed.

Desmond reached his other hand down and guided the head of his throbbing erection against the gaping mouth of her sex. He pressed lightly until the ridge of his head was across the threshold. 

Victoria's eyes went wide with fright. Desmond held her cheek and caressed her jaw with his thumb. 

"You'll be okay, Victoria. I promise." Desmond reassured her.

Desmond slowly pushed his hips down, pressing his large member slowly into her. Victoria sucked in a deep breath and closed her eyes tight as he broke past her hymen and officially took her virginity away. 

Desmond stopped shortly after and pulled back.

"Uhhh." Victoria grunted.

Desmond traced his thumb up her jaw and across her lips. He circled his thumb along her lips until they parted. He inserted the tip of his thumb into her mouth, his fingertips still caressing her cheek.

Slowly, he pressed inside her again, pushing just a little bit deeper this time.

"Mmm. Mmm." Victoria moaned through closed lips that were wrapped tightly around his thumb.

Desmond brought his other hand up and ran his fingers through her hair, comforting her.

He pulled back and lowered again, going in even a bit deeper this time, Victoria's arousal creating a slickness that eased the pressure of his penetrations.

Desmond hummed a low moan as her sex throbbed tightly around his erection. 

He continued to slowly ease in and out of her, using only about half of his sizeable member. Victoria breathed weakly through each push. 

Desmond took both of her hands into his, interlocking their fingers. Smoothly, he guided them above her and head and held them down against the bed.

He lowered his face to hers, both feeling each other's breath against their faces. 

"Uhhhh." Desmond suddenly let out. 

Victoria tightened her fingers against his. Desmond withdrew from her just as his seed fired from him and splashed over Victoria's nude torso. 

Desmond breathed heavily as his member rested on Victoria's pelvis. Victoria opened her eyes and looked at him. Desmond returned the glance. With a desired look in her eyes, she raised her hips, inviting him to continue. 

Desmond released one of her hands and guided his still erect and pulsating member back into her wanting sex.

-------------------

Demona was dressed in an exceptional robe of the finest silk. It was short, stretching just barely past her hips. It was a glimmering gold color that matched her hair. 

She observed herself in her mirror. She looked as beautiful as ever. Giving her hair a few more brushes, she was ready for a night she would make sure Desmond never forgot.

She opened her door and stepped out into the hallway. She straightened herself up. She stepped across to Desmond's door. 

"Demona." A deep, soft voice called out.

Demona turned to see Prince Frederick standing behind her. 

"Frederick?" 

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"I...um...nothing. What are you doing up here?" she stammered.

Frederick glided toward her, staring her in the eyes.

"I was actually just coming to see you." He said.

Demona was taken aback. 

"You were looking for me? Why?" she asked.

Frederick was right next to her now. He was almost circling around her. 

Demona raised an eyebrow as she waited for an answer.

"Because, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen." He answered smoothly.

Demona stared at him with a curious eye.

"Um. I...Thank you. Really. I'm very flattered." Demona said, still unsure of how to react to this sudden change of events.

Frederick reached out and took her hand in his.

"I've wanted to tell you that since your birthday. I just, never had the courage before. But after seeing you tonight, I knew that this was the night I had to tell you. If I didn't do it now, I feel like I never would." Frederick confessed.

Demona looked at the striking, well-dressed prince. The talk she had with Victoria immediately came to mind and for the first time this entire day, she wasn't thinking about Desmond. 

In one swift move, Frederick pulled her to him and used a common dance move to spin her around until she was leaning against her own bedroom door.

"Oh My." Demona said, surprised by the move. 

Frederick brought a hand up to her face and ran his fingers down her cheek.

"No princess in the land can compare to your beauty, Demona." Frederick continued to compliment. 

Demona blinked rapidly, speechless. Utterly speechless.

Frederick brought his other hand up over her hip and slid it over her back. Demona reached her hands out and rested them on his torso as she stared up at him. 

She heard the click of her door opening. Frederick had reach around her and opened her door. Demona stumbled back but Frederick held her up. 

Wrapping his arms around her waist, he lifted her up and their lips met in a heavy and passionate kiss. Frederick walked her into her room, kicking the door closed behind him.

He walked her all the way across the room to her bed. He placed her down on the bed and broke the kiss. He tugged the sash of her robe loose while Demona quickly worked on unbuttoning his silk shirt. 

Her robe fell open and Frederick pushed it down off her shoulders. Demona turned her attention to the laces of his pants, eagerly working the ties lose. She tugged his pants down exposing his already erect member. 

Frederick removed his shirt. Demona took his member into her hands and began to stroke the long length. Frederick lay his head back enjoying Demona's touch. She caressed his firm torso with her free hand. 

Frederick reached his hands out, placing one on her shoulder, and cradling his other hand around the back of her head.

Demona leaned forward and parted her lips, taking the head of his member into her mouth. 

"Oh yes, Demona." Frederick whispered. 

Demona stroked the base of his member while she suckled the head. Frederick's hand guided her head forward and she started to take more of him into her mouth. 

Frederick massaged the back of her neck with one hand while his other hand took a light handful of her hair, guiding her back and forth on his member. 

Demona muffled a moan as she took most of his length, her tongue massaging his base as it probed her mouth. 

He released her hair and neck. Demona withdrew his cock from her mouth and stroked the slick shaft a few times before he helped her to her feet, the robe finally falling from her body and to the floor. 

Frederick took her in the same dance move and spun her around and leaned her against the wall. He lifted her up and Demona wrapped her legs around his waist and an arm around his shoulder. She reached her other hand down and grabbed the eager member and guided it inside her.

"Ohhhh." She called out at first penetration.

Frederick slid smoothly in and out of her, pushing all the way into her before withdrawing. Demona held her arms tight around his shoulders, moaning into his ear. 

"Oh Yes. Ohhhhh." She whispered her moans of encouragement.

Frederick paced himself nicely, sliding in and out with steady strokes. Demona grew more and more aroused with each thrust, the rush of an orgasm quickly approaching. 

Demona started pressing her hips into his with each push, their pubic bones colliding each time. 

Demona breathed rapidly.

"Ohhhhhh. Oh Frederick. I'm cumming. I'm cumming." Demona called out.

Her orgasm rushed on like an explosion between her legs. Her body shook and shivered as she clung to him. Frederick held himself inside her while her tension persisted. 

"Oh My God." Demona moaned breathlessly.

Holding her in place, he spun around and lay her on the bed, keeping himself embedded in her. He lay on top of her and resumed his thrusting, pressing into her stronger and faster now. 

His erection stiffened as the blood rushed to his loins.

"Uhhhh." Frederick let out.

He pulled out as his orgasm released, spurting out and coating the Princess' lower body. 

Frederick collapsed onto the bed next to her. Demona ran her fingers through the Prince's hair. 

"Wow." She said with satisfaction. "You were amazing, Frederick."

"You as well, Princess." He responded with a smile.

------------------------

Victoria gripped Desmond's hands tightly. She moaned in perfect rhythm with his slow gliding thrusts. He was pushing deep into her now, still taking it slow. His lips were working over her thick and sensitive nipples, sucking them, nibbling them, trapping them with his tightened lips.

"Huhhhhhh. Ohhhh YES." Victoria whispered a moan.

Like a flash, the pressure built between her legs and she found release. Her body shivered through another orgasm. 

"Ohhhhh. OHHHH." Victoria moaned, squirming uncontrollably under Desmond's body.

Desmond raised up to his knees. He grabbed Victoria behind her knees and pushed her legs back. He mounted her and pressed his throbbing member back inside. 

"Uhhhh." Victoria moaned.

Desmond raised and lowered his hips at a much quicker pace now, as he invaded her, burying himself deep within Victoria with each plunge. 

He leaned his body back down, pinning her more to the bed. For the first time, their lips met as he took her into a deep kiss. 

His strong hands locked back with hers and he pinned them back above her head. Her ankles were held in place by his strong shoulders. 

Desmond drove his hips hard and fast, pounding into his virgin sister's slick, aroused sex. The bed creaked and rocked as the driving force of his hips moved both of their bodies as one. 

"Uhnnn. Uhnnnn." Victoria moaned into the kiss.

Sweat glistened off both of their bodies, causing them to slip around against each other. Desmond released her hands and raised back up on his knees, allowing her legs to fall to the side. He reached under Victoria's lower back and lifted her. 

Desmond rolled over onto his back, keeping himself inside her, and bringing her on top of him. Victoria's short stature barely allowed her to straddle him. She brought her legs up and rested them on Desmond's thighs. She balanced herself with her hands on his chest. 

Without delay, she rocked back on forth on him, taking all of him in. 

"OH. Ohh." She yelled.

Victoria tensed as another orgasm rushed on and took over her body. 

Desmond grabbed two strong handfuls of her ass and guided her up and down on his shaft.

"Ahhhh. Ahhhh." Victoria whined. 

"Uhhhh. Victoria. Oh God." Desmond bellowed.

Guiding her with his hands, he pounced the petite sister up and down on him, burying his pulsating cock all the way into her. 

He moved her off of him as semen shot and spilled out of him like a volcanic eruption. Victoria watched on in amazement as small spurts of the liquid seemed to endlessly shoot out of him. 

Desmond collapsed on the bed, exhausted. 

Victoria reached over and took his softening member into her hand. Slowly, she stroked her hand up and down the entire length, even brushing the tips of her fingers over his head. 

Desmond shook and twitched at the sensation. He could barely stand it.

"Oh God, Victoria. Stop. Please stop." He pleaded.

Victoria giggled to herself, but continued the stroking, bringing him back to full erection. 

Desmond sat up and looked at her. Victoria gave him the sweetest of smiles as she turned around and positioned herself on her hands and knees. 

-------------------

As the morning sun beamed through an opening in her drapes, Demona continued to ride on top of Prince Frederick. He was exhausted and overwhelmed at the insatiability of the beautiful Princess. 

Bucking her hips up and down, she humped hard onto Frederick's struggling erection. 

"Oh Yes. I'm gonna cum again. I'm gonna cum again." Demona called out.

She pressed down on Frederick's shoulders, pinning him to the bed. Her legs were locked around his. She stared down at her drained lover as she bucked and thrust wildly, taking as much of him as she could. 

One final pounce and she rested on his pubic region, keeping him fully within her. She tensed as another orgasm rushed, sending her into a quivering release. 

"Uhhhhhh...Ohhhhhh." She moaned in a cracked voice.

She collapsed onto Frederick, her body slack and out of energy. Breathing heavily, she rested her head on his chest, his softening erection still inside her. 
