 (Continued from Princil's Magic Chapter 1)

Ishtral considered Princil's words. He was like a son. They were close, but now she turned her attention to the issue, she realised there had for a long time been something which had kept them apart. She had sensed, but never interpreted, the glances and occasional gaze from her husbandson. She was reminded that he had found her attractive. On reflection she was used to seeing his eyes avert from her, rather than become too invasive.

She had often appreciated his paleskinned smooth features, his fine head of straight ravenblack hair. He was a special child, gifted in the arts. She had considered him a strange one, one who chose to stay home and be lonely so often, but she recognised he was special, and had never doubted his growing abilities as a mage. When he proclaimed his reasons for this request she believed him to be genuine. His lust for her was not what drove him. She believed him when he said he could create a magic which might save them. She had to believe him. Could she enjoy this invasion of her person? Of course, what woman would not appreciate Princil's slender frame. And a woman of her age was grateful, even in circumstances of normality, for the offer of youth. Because of their close second motherson relationship she had never really considered him as a potential lover. Let the young ones explore each other across the household, she had always thought, and they had. Serena's children had known hers well in adulthood, binding the household even closer. But she had never sought to join them, taking her younger adult lovers from outside. 

Ishtral admitted inwardly to having had latent sexual thoughts about him as a teen, but no adult could breach the strict rules regarding the protection of a child's innocence. She had been a very sexually satisfied woman with many lovers always. She had spared only passing thoughts about what she knew she could not have. But now she could have she sensed the stirrings of lust within her. 

In the afternoon, before the terror which now assailed them had changed everything, she had spent sexual time with her firsthusband Chanceleord (Remzain and Princil's father), enjoying still the fading beauty of his gradually aging body, enjoying also the tender ministrations he had given her. Serena had come to them, as she often did, offering herself to them if they would have her for a short while, before she went elsewhere on duties. Thus they had shared Chanceleord many times over the years, and still did from time to time. 

When Serena first joined the household as Chanceleord's secondwife Ishtral had initially felt some sense of loss as her powerful husband, who was such a special man, was now to be shared. That loss was in the closeness of their relationship. She would no longer be the sole female mother of the household, and might lose her position at the centre of it. Chanceleord had always had a large sexual appetite, as she had also, so from the earliest days of their marriage they had shared each other's partners and given each other the sexual space to have other partners and privacy when it was asked for. But to live from day to day with another woman had been a sharing of her husband which she had not looked forward to. The arrangement had however worked well over the years and her bond with Serena had become far stronger than she had ever expected. After the first few months of sharing the household Ishtral realised she would have had it no differently, if it had been her choice alone. 

At the first Serena had wanted Chanceleord to herself whenever possible. Chanceleord and Ishtral had accommodated her in this, as long as they too had their private times. Chanceleord had been as keen to partake of Ishtral's favours as ever. There was never any sign of his own ardour cooling. He probably viewed them both as being ideal beauties for his collection of wives, and why would any man not want the best and love them both equally?

Ishtral had been taken aback by Serena's ripe beauty when she first laid eyes upon her, and feared for her position in her husband's favours, as an older wife, as the young woman had entered the household. She remembered the day when Chanceleord suggested he take both of them to his bed together. She had always thought Serena attractive, but as a rival in love more than someone with whom she felt a powerful fascination. It was strange how attraction can so easily be clouded by mundane jealousies. It would of course be interesting and she had happily agreed. Ishtral had been taken aback by Serena's excitement. As soon as Ishtral agreed Serena's face had lit up with pleasure and she had been keen to begin. In that first triple sharing bedroom encounter they had become lovers of each other, as well as of Chanceleord.

"We will depart," spoke Serena, "while you choose what you will do." She said this to Ishtral, who was a close partner to her in most matters, but this was different, and may prove difficult for them both. She did not wish to embarrass her lover in this sensitive issue. It was one easy matter to share male lovers, but to take a lover's son from her in this family home was bound to make Ishtral feel awkward. Ishtral would not wish her to be present as she invaded the youth of her son. Ishtral might even refuse to do Princil's bidding! But if she and Remzain were to depart Ishtral would feel easier to do this necessary deed, which might save them all. 

Serena's own mind was still reeling from the shock of her son's suggestion. She had thought there were no taboos which could shock her. There were no sexual ideas, save unpleasant tortures and pain, which could not be at least entertained in her mind, even if they were unacceptable to the rules of society. She regarded herself as a sexual nymph. She would share her own beauty, to some degree, with anyone, male or female, generously, and loved to be the centre of others' sexual attention, even if her own desire were not strong. Unfortunately it was impossible for anyone to make themselves available to all comers at any time. She had always kept her son outside her sexual thoughts, as mothers do, but she was proud of him, and she regarded him as an attractive man. If she had not been his mother she would have wanted him too. The thought that he might want Ishtral, or that Ishtral might enjoy him had not offended her in fact. He was quite old enough to choose to love his secondmother. She had noticed Princil's sexual interest in Ishtral over those recent years when he was becoming a man. She had regarded his desire as perfectly natural, although she had not expected him to act upon it with his secondmother, or for Ishtral to reciprocate. It would not have been considered seemly for Ishtral to encourage her husbandson, although after adulthood such a match was not forbidden.

She imagined that, if Ishtral had not been her son's secondmother and been closely involved in his upbringing, the beautiful matriarch would have been keen to share her essence with a fine youth such as Princil, who, Serena knew well, was of a type which usually appealed to the matriarch.

"Ishtral, if you agree to my son's request you will have my blessing," Serena declared. "There is no shame in this, for this may save us all. Such a joining is not forbidden, even in the good times. Come Remzain we will go to our rooms while they decide." Remzain followed her mother out of the hall, her eyes still wet with the shock of the awful tidings, and a look of something else, unfathomable, in her face.

"We must begin then!" Ishtral said, spreading her arms in welcome, feeling the urgency of the situation, hoping the urgency and fear in the back of their minds would not foil Princil's magic.

"It is I who must first be aroused," said Princil, in a voice which was clear and concise, the instructions of a teacher, strange to be coming from her husbandson who had been like one of her own, taught partly by herself, in much that he knew about the world surrounding him. 

"What shall I do?"

"Remove the clip of your cloak." She did so and it fell to the mosaic floor.

"There is no bed here," she said. "Should we not go to a bedroom?"

"We shall see," he said. "We shall see as our magic develops. We need to begin here. Partly so others may join us." It was clear that he was to be the master in this magic.

"I see, and what next?"

"You are still a beautiful woman Ishtral," he said her name in a way he had not spoken out loud before, with adoration. "Very beautiful. You know that I have long wanted you?"

"I do now."

"Show me your body. Arouse me!"

Ishtral saw he was giving her opportunity to prove how she could turn a man into her worshipper. This was something she had done many times before, and yet each time had always been different. Undressing in front of her husbandson was different to a lover or her husband, or before groups of naked and semi naked friends. Princil wore the black clothing of a mage, and a black cloak which together covered his whole body. His attention was upon her, but he remained the young child whom she had sometimes helped to read. Self consciousness felt new to the woman who had led countless lovemakings, been the object of half the city's desire.

Her disrobing was an awkward thing this time, unusually, and she realised she had not being taking the centre of communal sexual gatherings recently, as the consciousness of age developed. She struggled to believe her beauty as she unfastened her cords, allowing her silky dress to open. 

Her pure flesh was revealed, firm polished breasts, as youthful as the day she married Chanceleord. Her skin glistened with the sheen of nervousness, but to the youth of her household was smooth as imagined from the days of his virgin adherence. 

Princil gasped at the perfection of her shape, hardly believing a woman of her middle years could be so perfect. His gaze lowered to the dark hairs which protected her most intimate passages. He could see none of the sagging of age, and felt the stirrings of magic within him, as he felt drawn to that precious place. Unbidden his penis rose up before him, swelling with desire for her dark enclosures.

"Let me see your shoulders," he whispered. Even as the magic came upon him without effort, from the strong beauty of her body, he was aware of time, of the danger which beset them, and the urgency of their situation. 'Good magic cannot be rushed,' he reminded himself, but nonetheless he bade her to undress more swiftly than he would have preferred, because he could not banish the urgency from his mind. As the firstwife of his household discarded her dress Princil spoke swiftly the first words of incantation, drawing magic swiftly to himself as his arousal grew. 

"And you?" she asked. "When do you disrobe?" She could see the black garment of his bulging out where his penis must be. She knew his column was stiffened and strong.

"Shortly. Turn around. Let me look at you, all of you." These words were followed by further whispered incantations, which Ishtral could barely hear or understand. She wondered that he could feel the pure lust at the same time as he spoke the words. There must be a great effort of concentration within him. Dutifully she turned for him displaying her sculpted back in all its glory, her strong shoulders and curved flanks. She wondered at this sudden alteration in their relationship. Today she had been the matron of the household, and now she was obeying his every instruction without question. What communal taboos would they together break.

"Bend for me Ishtral, against the table edge." She did so, holding the edge of the table, twisting her strong featured face at the same time to hold his gaze. Prancil felt new pangs of desire as he stared hungrily at the twist of her graceful flesh. He could feel the magic bursting within him already. His penis throbbed with lust, but he held himself back from an immediate lustful assault. This magic had to be carefully laid, because the price of too quick an arousal might be a failure to weave sufficient magic to protect the House.

Fully robed Prancil spoke to the Goddess of the World. She it was who protected her children, male and female from the dangers which beset them, harnessing the uncontrolled winds, the fires of the sun and of the bowels of the world, the cold of the heavens, to produce the worldly paradise in which the peoples of Shalirion and beyond all lived. She was the mother of the world. He hoped she would listen to his magic and nurture it. She surely could not condone evil, the opposite of all the goodness she brought for the world. He knew he only needed to reach her, to create enough natural magic for her to hear them. Slowly he came towards his secondmother, hands stretched before him in anticipation of Ishtral's warm flesh, his penis stretching the black robe before him, as if determined to find a resting place within the seductive secondmother. With a sob of emotion the young mage laid hands upon her warm breathing flesh. He felt the power enter his fingertips, while she too felt the subtle shock of his touch. His fingers brushed the smooth shoulders, lightly caressing the rippling back, moving in the direction of her shapely backside.

Princil led his new lover up the wide staircase and towards his father's bedroom, the one he shared so much of the time with Ishtral, although she too had her own when she wished to use it or to make way for her husbands other friends and lovers. There would be increased magic created by the knowledge in both of them that this was the bedchamber of Princil's father, and that the last time these sheets had been used, only during the afternoon before, Ishtral had shared the bed with both Princil's father and his mother Serena. They had contorted together with Ishtral in innocent bliss, not knowing the dangers they were soon to face. 

"Don't close the door," said Princil. "Maybe the others will hear us if they come onto the corridor and they may be persuaded to join us." Despite the dangers that approached them a lively passion was upon him. He found himself entering into his own magic with enthusiasm and lust, and he wanted to break all the restrictions which bound them all. 

"Unbelt me now, and take my robe," instructed Princil. She did his bidding like a servant, without question, keen for whatever he would do to happen. Despite her knowledge of the outside horrors, which could yet entangle them, she was occupied by lust for her husbandson. Her body thrilled with excitement, as Princil's smooth white flesh was revealed. He was slender and slim, the muscles of his arms and chest undefined by the exercise of any manual labour, but naturally formed in shapes which she found pleasing. His penis stretched out before him, stretching out towards his secondmother, as if in supplication. She could see the pulse of his lifeblood throbbing in his organ. 

"Taste me," he instructed, simply. Ishtral did as she was bid, awed by the size of a penis she could easily remember bathing when he was a younger child. She thought how quickly the years had gone by, and wondered, childishly, how such an impressive cock could remain so hidden from her in her own household in these last few years. She took the glans of his penis deep into her mouth, even into her throat, gazing at his face as she did so, uncertain and confused by what she was doing. She felt the thrill of taboos broken and new ground achieved. Her heart beat rapidly and she felt the dams of secret desire breached. Excitement flowed out and flooded her heart, holding the fear in the back of her head back.

She brought irresistible sensations to him. In his pleasure he fumbled for the words of the incantations which he had studied shortly before. "Goddess hear the lust in my soul for this woman who was forbidden to me. She was my secondmother, but I always wished to drink from her. She is beauty and perfection in my soul. Feel my passion and make it a fuel for your magic." He viewed her as she twisted her fine featured face gently over his penis. He saw in her face the perfection of bone structure, which had drawn him and all other men he knew. Her skin was smooth and youthful, despite her growing age, youthful beyond possibility. Concentrating he pried into that unblemished shape, discovering deeper fulfilment in her loveliness.

He found something else too! There was magic here, in this face where he had expected none. He tested it and lifted it, to find its effect and purpose. Ishtral's face was not everything it projected. He peered through and under the unforeseen magic. The skin creased and hardened, loosening with age and flabby folds. Still this was Ishtral, fine featured and beautiful, but mature as might have been expected for a lady in the midst of her fifties, wise, loving, caring, loveable, but not the smooth sculptured siren who drew every man's unbidden glance.

He felt a momentary disappointment, for the perfection he saw with his eyes, in possession of his penis, was not the reality he now perceived through magician sight. Still she was the figure he had so often worshipped. He was able to recognise the beauty he had always seen. His own magic must be pure, the lust strong and honest to work well. Disappointment sought to distract him from his pleasure, but there was more than enough lust for her being for him to continue his own arousal. He found within himself that he loved her, the lady within, of his past and his present. 

The mask of perfect beauty, which she had wrapped herself in, was an enhancing magic, common among those gifted enough to create it amongst the ageing women of Shalirion. Some men practised this kind of magic too, a harmless enhancement which made Shalirion an all the more beautiful land. She knew nothing of the brief conflict within him. His penis remained engorged, his magic grew larger, spinning a thickening mist. 

Skilled lover that she was, she cupped his most sensitive testicles with both hands, stroking beneath them, flicking his arse hole with her fingernails. His words weaved an ever thicker magic, which outside began to enshroud the Household in a mist, which could hardly be seen by the naked eye. If one was to look directly towards the building he or she would be unable to perceive any particular doors or windows, and would be drawn to see around and past the House, rather than at it.

Judging the time to be right he beckoned her to lie back onto his father's bed so that he might trace his hands over her curves and lick at her open vulva, something he had found gave great pleasure to his lovers. He knew already that his secondmother was aroused by what she did, and by him. He sensed the sexual flush in her skin and the strong inhalation of breath, the erectness of her nipples. His magical vision already drew from her feelings of lust and excitement, which he was pleased to find were strong. In the magic he drew from her he sensed her strong desire to have his penis, which had been in her mouth, between her legs and deep within her. There was a strong urgent desire to place her right hand upon her clitoris and frig it. If he did not give her the licking she needed she would soon rudely take over with her own hand.

Taking the warning learned by magic he increased the strength of his licking. She cried out in between the oral penetrations of his tongue as she bucked in orgasm. Then she mounted him, taking his seed deep into her deepest recess as she arched her body upon him. When he seemed ready she unseated herself from his penis and fell forward onto the bed on all fours, sticking her shapely behind outwards in invitation to penetrate. He stood behind her and inserted himself, pounding wildly as she juddered onto him, pounding herself back onto him as much as he pounded into her, taking care not to lose his penis from its new home. Then he clutched at her and like an animal tore into her with energetic addiction. She screamed in ecstasy and his grunts merged into hers as he unloaded his juices deeply into her. Magic whined and shaped in the air above the lovers, and the mist grew thick about the House hiding it almost completely from anyone who might seek it, deflecting their vision away along the streets which surrounded it.
