 The magic was strong as he took both his half sisters, Samatha and Felyst, in turn. Princil had played with both at one time or another. They were both older than he and they had both tried him out, soon after he came of age, completing the relationship of acceptable familiarity within the family so there was no longer any shyness between them. Samatha's hair was as fair as her mother's, and her body built well and shapely as her mother's. She had no qualms about giving herself to her half brother, whom she evidently enjoyed. She, like all of them tried to put away the fear of what lay outside the family home, to allow the magic its best chance.

Felyst's father was not Chanceleord. She was the result of a different union between mother and another friend. She was tall and well built like her sister Samatha, but her hair was a medium brown, her shoulders powerful and her hips wider. Neither had bothered to find a house husband or raise children yet, but probably if fate now allowed they would both want that.

Their mother Ishtral watched from a short distance, her loins still wet with his and her juices, approving, but reluctant to be involved in the using of her daughters, in which mothers would not normally participate. But the times were urgent and the need for purest magic was great. The hiding was accomplished, but needed to be refreshed and renewed. Princil felt strong and virile as he took them, swopping from one to the other, one halfsister on her back and the other household sister taken from behind while she held the pillows in her arms. He was able to deposit fresh seed in first one of them, and then the other, while their mother observed. The magic soared through him and through them, binding them and the observers into a thickening web.

Remzain also observed her fullbrother, whom she loved as a friend, and often companion. She had felt attraction towards him for years, but the normal rules of her people forbade the complete sharing of the body between full brother and sister, as between parent and child. She had felt the shortness of breath, and the racing of the heartbeat, the flushing of the cheek at his touch or presence, often. In her dreams he did feature, frequently. She did not know whether he had felt the same. Their connection and closeness had always been mental and conversational until now. Hugs of welcome or goodbye had been pleasant and confusing experiences, but neither ever tried to prolong them. Remzain, for her part, felt somewhat guilty about the full expression her nature wished to show, and suppressed it. Here the urgency of their danger required that her true instincts be unleashed for the greater good. The prospect of this filled her with eagerness she had not known she possessed.

Princil quivered and shook as the last of his seed erupted into his housesister Felyst. He was still for some moments, extracted and lay back on cushions. His eyes met Remzain's. Somehow the magic was still strong in his penis, although he seemed spent. There was magic in the air, and all around, like steam rising from hot coals. She knew it was her turn. She undid the gown she wore at the waist and climbed onto the bed. Her succulent tanned youthful breasts were revealed, and a sleek torso, tapering between slim hips to a tidy mound covered in black pubic hair. Princil's eyes caressed her revelation, as she came on her knees up the bed towards him. He should have been exhausted by his third spending, but magic was involved here and would not put him down.

The others who had lain with him sat back and watched, detached but interested, to see the forbidden combination of fullbrother and sister on the bed they had so recently inhabited. Their natural mother Serena hovered beyond the doorway. She would not be called upon to lie with her son thankfully. That would have been too unthinkable, and she was relieved that it was not so. She did not wish to see the offspring of her own womb paired together, and she withdrew further down the stairs to avoid the awkwardness.

He explored her body tenderly for the first time. His hand crept into the crevice of her pretty cunt, finding it warm and very moist. Soon she clambered over him and fell upon him, growing wild, as her excitement built towards an enormous orgasm.