 The wizard saw a shadow emerge from the bricks of the wall. Immediately his gaze was drawn along the wall to the left, deflected by the magical disguise. As a wizard he was impressed. The mage who created this protection had done a thorough weaving. He did not know how this deflection had been created. 

The sorcerer looked closely at the young woman who stood before him. She was ripe indeed, as his probing had elaborated. Long straight dark black/brown hair framed a tanned exquisite face. She was slender and her skin smooth and perfect. As far as he could guess, beneath the dress she wore, her body was slim and perfect, mildly muscular, enough to give her shape. She was indeed a great prize.

"I believe I have made a good bargain," he said, "But will you honour your side of it? You must be good to me and honour me otherwise your family place will be revealed!"

"I understand," she said. She did not have the look of someone who was easily controlled. He could see intelligence in those eyes. He did not need magic to see that she controlled her feelings and that her real opinion of him was not the one she revealed to him. He hoped she would give him the pleasures he craved. There was little likelihood she would fool and deny him because she needed to protect her family. She was of a race and people in these lands who were soft and easygoing. To them the pleasurable use of their bodies was not a prize to be fought over or defended like a crucial honour. They gave their charms away easily and generously. So he had heard and at times had experienced. They were a prized people. It was a pity that so many of the generous lives of these people were to be wasted by Guthelm's bloodlusts, and those of his servants, for they would make the most marvellous slaves.

The sorcerer was a big man, muscular arms, and a head of barbarian hair. He held a long whip, which he flourished without devoting full attention to it. She knew he could use it and he had a long range. She knew it would be difficult to run from this man if ever she needed to. And those muscles were not to be ignored either. He was ugly to her - a mature man with a body well used and overly weighty. His muscular arms were too large for her tastes, his hair, thin at the top, but long, was greasy and unkempt. He stank of sweat and foul odours. She knew his sorcery was powerful. How else could he have invaded Princil's carefully created mist. She was in despair of regaining her freedom. If she escaped her family would be betrayed.

The sorcerer Aribor approached, his whip hanging effortlessly in his right hand. A sorceror's hat sat on his head, battered and used. A long bristly moustache covered his upper lip and small beard. "Come with me young lady," he said in a voice that allowed no question or argument.

"Where?" she asked nervously.

"You will follow." He grabbed hold of her arm in a strong grip and led her through the streets away from the family she cared for; mother, brotherlover, secondmother, half sisters, and the life she had known, but would probably never be able to return to. She must serve this foul man for the sake of her family.

Aribor looked upon the young woman with the lust he had already felt in his magical search. The lust remained strong. She was beautiful, a face that many men would fight for. He knew he had one of the best prizes he had ever found. She would be sought after by others too. Best to get her into a house before he could be disturbed. Other sorcerors and warriors would be interested in this wench, and for this reason he did not wish to draw attention to her. He must safeguard her and keep her secret. He must remove her from the streets of this city of fear and chaos.

"You will come with me. You must please me, be kind and make love, as you would to your own husband. When I have had sufficient pleasure of you, on one or maybe 5 or 10 or more occasions, or perhaps many more, over two or three years, then you may go. When I decide I have had enough of you you can go. You may eventually return to your family if you can find them, or you may have opportunities to serve others in Guthelm's army. A woman as beauteous as you will find service I assure you."

And so Aribor made his pact with Remzain, a contract, in which she had little choice if she were not to lose all her family to the barbarian invaders. She would give him access to her deepest passages and crevices in return for safeguarding her family. In some respects, as a citizen of Cromilil in Shalirion, this was no difficult action for her to take. All the people of her land were noted for their liberality with their own bodies. Yet the loss of her past life and the freedom and pleasure of that life, into which she had still been growing until today, was immense. She hoped she might bear it and not be shattered by it.

"Where do we go?" she asked.

"There is an empty house nearby," said Aribor.

"You want to go there now?" she asked. "The city is in chaos. It is dangerous, for me, and for you also!"

"That is why I must have you now. I will of course look after you if you do my will, but those dangers do mean that it is sensible for us to share what I wish us to share before any other possibilities intrude."

He led her down an adjoining street of house walls and gradual steps, until they came to the house he had chosen.

"How do you know the house is empty?" she asked.

"I know that it is because I can see inside. My sorcery tells me that no people abide within those walls at the present moment. I sense no likelihood they will return."

He took her to the door and cast a quick spell over the door. It opened with no resistance to his touch, and he pushed her in. She did not resist.

The house was a family home, much like Remzain's own, except much smaller, evidently not belonging to such a wealthy family. They entered a gathering room, embellished with well crafted pottery and a collection of nude statues. There were four bedchambers. Two of them appeared to belong to young children, judging by the colours and the toys present.

Aribor led her by the arm into one of the adult bedrooms. Here lay the dead bodies of the family, a man and his wife or lover, naked, who would have been in the prime of life if it had not been for this calamity. The man was covered in his own blood, having been slashed in the neck, perhaps by a sword, and stabbed in other places on the body. His body had been discarded onto the floor. The woman had been fair of face, dark haired, and lay upon the bed, her arms slashed in the end. The bed smelled also of sexual excretion, whether male or female, or both. It took little imagination to assume that she had been raped and then cruelly bled until she lost consciousness and died.

This was the first Remzain had seen of death in her youthful life. The descriptions of Princil and the others in these last hours had partly prepared her for the ghastly scenes which she might find in her city. She had heard tales of the barbarians and their strange warlike ways before, but nothing could really prepare a young woman for the scene she now viewed. They had all felt themselves to be immortal, even if they were not, but this proved the opposite. Their lives would now be a daily fear of misfortune. She was terrified. If barbarians could do this, what of this wizard? Was he capable of such acts of brutality? Would she be as safe as he suggested? If they could do this could not the wizard do the same to her?

She wondered where the children had gone. Thankfully there was no sign of young bodies here. Perhaps, she wondered whether they had been gathered into Grumandor's 'army of orphans', which she had heard tales of from previous lands touched by Guthelm's conquering horde.

"Go into the other adult room," said the wizard, gesturing with his whip, back along the corridor. Obediently she led the way to the clean room, where there were thankfully no bodies, but a strong bed occupied one side of the room.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked the wizard , unsure of what he would demand. She was sure only that he wanted something sexual from her, and she was well aware that she had agreed to this for the sake of her family. She would do all that was within her to carry out her side of the bargain so that hopefully the black mage would honour his side of the deal. She just hoped none of his expectations of her would be too demanding or involve pain in any way.

"Let me unbutton your clothes and help you out of them," said the wizard. He appeared quite gentle at this moment, which encouraged her greatly. "Soon you will be naked for me, and I will see your full beauty. She was conscious of his stench, the stench of blood, of rotten meat. His pot bellied girth, the fat overfed face, the lank greasy hair and the dirty beard, did not inspire her towards the wizard, but she could enjoy his barbarian appreciation of her, which was quickly evident. Thick sweaty fingers fumbled down her dress, unbuttoning it as he felt her curves. He opened it to reveal her browned smooth skin and the slender shape of her body. The dark thatch between her thighs drew his interest, as his rough hands skirted the area reverently. She let him draw the garment off her shoulders, and he peeled it away from her, dropping it down to her feet.

"You are indeed very beautiful," he expelled. Still holding the whip in his right hand, he fumbled with his robe, unbuckling the belt so his robe could be parted. He untied the rope, which held his pantaloons around his wide stomach, and allowed them to fall down his legs. A thickset cock protruded before him, free of the clothing which had hidden it. Strong and hard it swelled, seeming to grow in her sight, with no need for assistance, a sure sign of the wizard's appreciation of her.

"Suck it for me," he insisted. 

'Must I?' she wanted to say, but she could not say that here and now, with the whip still held tight in the wizard's hand, and the contract he had obliged her to enter, which hung over her, taking all her freedom away. Life had changed today. She was his servant, a slave it seemed. To disobey would be to give away her family, to capture and worse. She did not attempt to impede his urgent demands. His bulbous member pulsed with anticipation, but she found its animal appearance daunting. Like everything else about this man it smelled, must be dirty. She detected his grease, perhaps even his last spunk, possibly from days before, upon it.

"Go on," he demanded. There was no way out! She swallowed her reluctance and steeled herself for the taste of his unwashed penis. His right hand guided hers to touch and hold his penis. Taking a deep breath she opened her mouth wide and moved her head forward onto it. This was as awe inspiring a penis as she had yet come across in her young life so far, so she was able to feel some interest as she explored it tentatively with her tongue.

"Put it right in your mouth," he commanded, "and let me see it. Oh yes, that is lovely. You are exceptionally lovely, my dear Remzain." Naturally she felt flattered by his compliment. It made her sexual servitude easier to perform. She enveloped it and held herself in that position, while both hands caressed the shaft and began to explore his hairy testicles. The taste was salty; she tried not to swallow anything she sucked or licked from it. 

Eager to explore her beauty more closely Aribor fondled her all over her slender smooth body, kissing and licking her pretty flesh as if she were a tasty morsel. She felt his hunger for her completely as he ravaged every inch of her. She had no choice but to submit as he forced his slimy mouth all over her face, her body and into the deepest parts of her cunt. She closed her eyes to ignore his bulging body, tried to ignore his unwashed sweat and the smells of the foods he had eaten on his hot breath. She gave herself to his wet massage of her breasts and his invasion of her pussy lips. If she closed her eyes she began to forget her fears and could almost imagine the ministrations of other younger lovers.

After a long indeterminate time he was ready to take her. He mounted her as she held her legs back for him. His cock was wonderfully big so he actually felt good inside her, but she preferred to close her eyes and imagine a more handsome, less corrupted figure. His excitement mounted quickly as he took in her beauty. Very soon he cried out, abasing himself before his new servant, as he drove his swollen penis deep within her. She expected her new master to desist now, but he would not remove his cock from her. His hardness was never lost. Slowly he began to move again upon her. She was actually pleased because her own stimulation had been growing and her body was ready for more as she grew closer to her own satisfaction. Again he bore down more strongly upon her as his excitement grew. She really responded to the feel of his prick inside her, feeling unmistakeable arousal. She had begun to alter his rhythm by the movement of her own body. Soon she could hold back no more and she gave herself to the strong feelings his cock aroused in her. He expended himself a second time, evidently very taken by her.

He pulled his rod out of the slim figure. Now a thick calloused finger began to pull at Remzain's rear hole. She pleaded with him as the finger intruded into the tight hole, "No, please don't do that."

"I must Remzain. For me it will complete my passion. This will be my final reward." She suspected that he enjoyed the power he exercised over her. She could not refuse his insistence, because of the contract he held over her. He forced her beyond what she would willingly do. The tight hole widened as his fingers seemed to prise it open. The wizard's strong penis was against her arsehole now. He was pushing it into the small breach he had made with her finger. There was a slight pain as the cock rubbed tender skin, and then it went in more smoothly now the breach was made. He was inside her, deep inside her shapely arse. Evidently his excitement was intense. As brief pain passed her back passage seemed to adjust to the new reality of his presence in this most private place. Remzain, like all of her other compatriots had enjoyed many sexual adventures in her short time as an adult, but the anal assault was not something she had ever felt able to undergo. Now she began to feel her flesh pulling in the areas around, in an increasingly pleasurable way.

As before he came inexorably towards another conclusion, but it was to be no more a conclusion than any of the others. He ejaculated again like a panting animal into her virginal back passages. Then again he obliged her to lick and suck his well used penis, before he mounted her for one last time and he was finally done. She was exhausted by his assaults. She had been repulsed but flattered by him and had tried and succeeded in fulfilling her side of the bargain to protect her family.

"Aribor, do you have any idea of what has happened to my father?" asked Remzain. He went down to the Council Hall to organise negotiations with you foreigners when your fleet arrived, and has not returned. He is a Councillor, you see."

A sardonic smile took hold of the dark wizard's lips. "Negotiations? Little one there is no negotiation with my King. Guthelm takes what he wishes to take. There can be no negotiation with him. Our armies are stronger than yours, therefore we take all we want. Our magic too is stronger. We do not need to negotiate with any of you." He laughed cruelly, it seemed to Remzain, and her fear of him, which had lifted as she had found the potency of her sexual influence over him, began to return. 

"Your father may well be dead already, as Guthelm has little mercy towards cities which defy him. He does not like councillors or merchants. He only respects warriors, and I do not imagine your councillors are great warriors. They are putting up little fight for Cromilil."

"They had no time!" said Remzain. "We did not know you would be at our quays so soon or in such large numbers. How could we fight effectively when some of our soldiers are away and our men were not gathered?"

"Guthelm usually determines some interesting or entertaining methods of execution for his enemies. Even good warriors can expect death, although perhaps a cleaner one than for cowards. Our leading warlocks may use their deaths to create stronger magical forces in our favour. Shalirion will not survive long now we are here!"

She was downcast at the wizard's certainty. "Surely our councillors, our soldiers, our men, will be of more use to King Guthelm alive, as prisoners at the least. What could he gain by unnecessary killing?"

"It is his way. To kill enemies is natural to him."

"Is there any hope for my father, or my half brother?"

"I do not know. I have not being doing my duty have I, these last few hours. I do not know what has been happening across the city. Perhaps some have fled with their lives, but if I know our Master there will be no mercy, at least for the leaders and the menfolk of the city. Some he may make slaves; some he may give to us magicians to make our magic. But most he will slaughter."

Remzain wept inside and some tears welled up even on the outside, "Can you find out for me, whether he is alive or dead, what has happened?"

"You are my servant now. That is the contract you have made with me. It is no part of our arrangement for me to trace your father. You should accept that he is dead. If he is not dead already, he will be soon. The manner of his death, whatever it is you cannot change. There are many people here in this city today who have lost their lives or about to lose their lives. Why feel the loss of one, when so many are to face the reaper." Remzain detected in the wizard's words bleak resignation towards the death of Shalirion's people. Would he feel the same about his own people? She did sense a certain understanding of her grief, a grim distaste for so much death; acceptance yes, but also distaste. And yet he was a black mage, one whose trade was in torture and death, she figured, in the creation and execution of magic for Guthelm, his grim master.

"Very well. I will go and find out what has taken place in the city. I will see if I can find out what has happened to your father. I will return soon, in a few hours perhaps. In the meantime I will lock you in here - by magic! If I were to die by some strange chance, I assure you, my death will release the lock and you will be free to return to your family if that remains possible. I have no desire to cage a creature of such beauty after my death."

Despite the cruel reputation of his kind he seemed to want to help her. There was no desire for cruelty with her. He seemed to have a sense that he may not be able to keep her, and must take his pleasure while it was possible.

The sorcerer disappeared through the door, leaving her to her own thoughts. Should she try to escape? She tried to pull the door open, but there was something holding the door knob so she could not twist it or pull it open. She was still a prisoner. That was no surprise to her. She was already convinced of the sorceror's abilities after his discovery of the household. Even if she could have escaped she realised she would not have gone because she needed the wizard's assistance if she was to find out about or help her father. She was still short of sleep. The wizard's ravages had deprived her of half the night. So she laid on the bed where she had served her new master, and found sleep while she could.