 Chapter 7: Charlerion's Concubine (Part 1)

The hotel which King Charlerion had occupied reminded her of Guthelm's. The new Palace was one of the leading hostelries of the city, picked by the leaders of the new occupation. There were carvings of figures of men and women in poses of enjoyment and relaxation, semi and fully naked, all over the frontage. They were a celebration of Shalirion's leisurely lifestyle of the past and the skill and artistry of its craftsmen and women.

Charlerion, the King, dressed in his finest blue tunic, had come to stand in front of his new Palace to greet her. She felt the tingle of excitement she had felt when she had first seen him, and when their eyes had met at the feast. He had made it plain he wanted her, and she had gone so far as to kiss her. She felt the same strong attraction she had felt before. Partly she wondered why this high born man might want her, but she was grateful to be freed from the enslavement of being Guthelm's concubine, a man she could only despise.

"I welcome you Remzain, into my Household," he greeted her. "I place this ring upon your beautiful finger as a symbol of your service to me as one of my concubines, but also as a sign of my commitment to look after you, to treat you as a member of my Household, and of my Royal Court. You may bear me children, and serve me with your beauty and your attention."

Guthelm had done nothing like this. She felt Charlerion's gift was almost like the offer of marriage. Despite the desperate straits of her city, her family and her land, she found she was able to let him slip it on her finger without feeling any complaint within her. Her heart was able to leap, and when he kissed her her response was the genuine seal of some kind of mutual contract, despite her status as a concubine.

There were cheers from soldiers nearby, and from courtiers and ladies present.

Charlerion welcomed her, "Come into your new home Remzain! Do you like the new drapes I had brought in? Come upstairs. See the rooms in this building." She realised, from his tone, these Animarians had not seen buildings quite this beautiful or well developed as these. Charlerion and his people were particularly impressed by them. He was excited to possess such buildings.

He took her hand and led her upstairs enthusiastically, "This is my suite."

"Charlerion, sire. There is something I want to know," she asked, finding it difficult to persuade him to listen.

"What, my love?"

"Do you have a queen?" 

"Yes. She is in Pelancir. I also have two other concubines so far. Do not be worried Remzain. I favour you very much, but I look after those who I have chosen to be mine very well. Be assured you will have a good life with me. I feel great love towards you. You will be like a queen.

"One my concubines is with me here. You will meet her soon, later. Jacqueline will be like a sister to you. She will be a friend. She is not jealous. Like her you will find you have influence and a certain freedom."

Despite her surprise at her newfound importance, and the seeming generosity of this beautiful man, she could not quite believe the words he was telling her. He was an Animarian King, as Guthelm was, and conqueror of her city. Despite his words she knew she must be at his mercy. She could hardly be a Queen of Pelancir when there was one of those already. Perhaps one day she would be discarded by him, as Guthelm had so easily discarded her.

She followed the long haired King up the staircase, he leading her by the hand. They had left behind the other servants of the King.

"I am so pleased you were able to come to me," he declared, overjoyed it seemed.

"King Guthelm has given me to you," she said.

"I hope you are pleased. Of course I arranged it with him. Please tell me you are grateful beautiful lady."

"I am grateful! I do not think King Guthelm appreciated me all that much," she admitted.

"I will certainly appreciate you. To me you are amongst the most beautiful women I have ever seen. I would like to prove it now. Your bags are safe in the hostel. We will show you which room is to be yours later, but you will not need to sleep there tonight. Tonight you will sleep with me, and right now we will discover each other. Are you ready Remzain? Or do I make you uncomfortable?"

She felt much elevated in status. This King appeared to be so besotted with her. She worried that he had placed his expectations too high, that she might not live up to them. Like all adult women of Shalirion she was very familiar with the sexual arts and had enjoyed many partners, even though she was yet young. But Charlerion was so important amongst his people, and so handsome, so charming. She wondered whether he would remain so satisfied with her as he seemed to be now. What if she disappointed him.

"I am ready whenever you want me my King. Obviously I would rather my city had not been invaded, that my people were alive and free. But I am very grateful that you seem to value me. My station has been much improved by joining your household. I will serve you well if you want me in your bedchamber, in gratitude. You are a man who can inspire my heart so I will love you as well as I can."

"I am pleased to hear this Remzain. I can sympathise with the plight of your city, even though I have been a part of its downfall, but I am pleased to hear you are willing to serve me willingly. Please come in to my room and feel at home." He led her into his room and brought her to him, smothering her with kisses and wrapping his arms around her. He found her pliant. Her mouth was soon open and he invaded it with his tongue. He began to loosen her dress and pulled it down to lay at her feet. Her underclothes were soon unfastened and he beheld her naked, running his warm hands over her flesh, kissing her breasts, her neck and shoulders.

Her passion was high. She could hardly wait to be possessed by him, after two weeks of abstinence except her possession by Guthelm's crudeness and before that Aribor's less than inspiring unwashed carcass. There was no resistance in her at all, not the slightest desire to halt the headlong rush of her passion.

He explored every crevasse and limb of her, brushed his powerful hands through her dark hair, and finally led her onto the four poster bed, as he came out of his own clothes as swiftly as he might. He was rampant, as beautiful and as powerful as a lion, strong and in the prime of life.

She eagerly opened herself to him and let him mount her urgently, taking him deep into her fragile body. He flung himself upon her working himself up towards a fine crescendo very swiftly. It seemed too quick for both of them. As she gazed into his eyes she began to flow with her own juice. Tormented with eager lust she gave in to the tides of passion which was upon her and allowed her pleasure to consume her. Seeing the beauty respond to him so well inspired the King also. As she melted in passion he fucked her hard with an overpowering passion. Quickly his seed spouted into her deepest cavern and his possession was complete.

They lay still for moments, then she wanted more, but she could not have it because he was spent for the time being. As consciousness returned she thought, 'maybe I will have babies to this man!' She had taken none of the remedies of Shalirion, there being none to be had in Guthelm's new palace. She knew she should not want any conqueror's babies, but she entertained the premonition that she could well mother this King's children. She was not sure that it could be right, as her homeland lay in ruins, but she could not dislike the idea. Her body had craved for him. Mother nature, the Goddess, could not object. They were made for each other!

Ch.7 : Charlerion's Concubine (Part 2)

The next few weeks were blissful by comparison with the tribulations she had undergone since the invasion of her harmonious city. She basked in the obvious love and devotion of the young King. He spent much time with her every day, mainly making love on his grand four poster, and sometimes in the bedroom he had set aside for her, which she retired into mostly when he was not in residence. He even encouraged her after a few days to go out with an escort of guards and see the south bank of the city, which Guthelm had agreed belonged to Charlerion and Pelancir. It was understood between them that Remzain must take those four guards with her wherever she went. She was the property of her master and he would not be prepared to lose her. If she had tried to escape from him the guards were duty bound to recapture and hold her, but there was no thought of attempting that in her mind. She felt strangely like a Queen, although she knew she was not, and why should a Queen wish to escape from her husband the King if he worshipped her and treated her well. Indeed where would she have gone if she tried to escape.

Charlerion the King was hard working, despite the energy he continued to give to her in lovemaking. He was away for long periods of the day, and sometimes longer, overseeing the war the Pelancirians and Grumandrians waged with her homeland. In these few weeks however he did not fight himself, but managed his war from a distance. A constant stream of Generals and Knights and officers came to him to receive orders and decisions from him or to give reports.

She met many of his soldiers and servants, men and women, and they treated her with a respect she had not expected. She wondered when he might ever spend time with his other concubine, but after a week or more he did go over to her rival's rooms to enjoy her company. Strangely when he returned to her later that evening he took her with renewed fanaticism, and they enjoyed one of the most wonderful love sessions they had experienced since Remzain's arrival. She was curious about the other concubine.

"You are a woman of Shalirion my love," said the King. "I understand you are a very open people. For example your rules of marriage are not like ours in Animar."

"I have observed it to be so," she agreed. She hoped he was not intending to lecture her on the subject, to make the ways of her own people sound careless and repugnant.

"I understand that you do not consider marriage to be sexually binding. A man and his wife remain free to explore relations with many other friends and even with strangers."

"That is so. It is no secret, it is our way," admitted Remzain.

"You must have had much experience of the male sex then, although you are a young woman. In Animar many women of your age have experienced none of the male sex until they have entered into marriage." 

"Of course, I have experienced many men, since my adulthood, although my experience is not as great as some others, and I am still young," explained Remzain.

"Charlerion I am a woman of Shalirion, and therefore I would naturally take many partners, but my situation changed when Guthelm's hordes and your army took my city. We are under your control now and there is little any of a conquered people may do to change that. I am grateful that you have taken me as your concubine. You saved me from being the plaything of Guthelm, and you brought me to a life of privilege. It is a good life. I find that I do love you genuinely. You are the finest man I could ever hope to entertain in the bedchamber. My need for others is dormant. I seem to feel no desire to find other lovers. You satisfy me beyond expectation. Is that what you wish to hear from me, being a man of Animar? Then I can say those words and mean them."

"I am pleased to find that you can say those words to me. However I am not demanding you to deny your natural social inclination, as many from my continent would indeed. You know that I have a Queen in Pelancir. With her I have children, five growing offspring who will inherit my legacy when I no longer walk this world. I have taken other mistresses and concubines in Pelancir. You have met one of my other concubines Jacqueline, who I brought from the mountainlands of my country to keep me company in this campaign. I have 2 concubines, aside from you, in total, Jacqueline, who you have met, and Lara who remains in Pelancir. I also have two mistresses who I maintain in Pelancir, at present. I have children to Lara, my concubine who resides in Pelancir."

"I enjoyed meeting Jacqueline indeed," said Remzain politely. She had found Jacqueline to be jealous of her, but knowing her place Jacqueline had not been too unpleasant to her. Jacqueline had been picked as a concubine as part of the tax levied upon a mountain principality in Animar, but Charlerion had obviously regarded her as a favourite due to her good looks and healthy body.

Charlerion smiled at Remzain's politeness. "As you can see I have a number of women, and none of you will ever hold me to one of you. I am an ambitious man, in my personal life as well as in my life as a King. My collection of women is not traditional to Pelancir, as it is not to Grumandria, but Guthelm and I are a new type of King. We have personal power which goes beyond what the Lords of our Kingdoms once allowed. We can dictate our wishes, particularly in the realm of our personal life. The Gods will allow me to take on as many as I might keep.

"Now that I am a King in Shalirion I learn more about your customs and practices every day. I see that you raise your children communally, that you live in family groups, the men with more than one wife together, perhaps with more than one husband in the group, and you are all free to engage as many lovers as you care to. You can engage yourselves with the husbands of your friends, and many of your women, I hear, will lie with each other. This is all very confusing, even to me who has women to choose amongst. This is far from being the Pelancirian way, but I do confess that the thought of these practices begins to haunt me, in a most exciting and pleasant way. I find myself wanting to share you with friends and obedient officers, perhaps as a reward to them and to you. I find myself wondering what it may be like to share my bed with two of my concubines together, and with other slavewomen of Shalirion. I find that I wish to be introduced to some of the ways of Shalirion. What do you say to these ideas of mine?"

"As I have said Charlerion I find you a very beautiful male to be with, and to be able to conduct myself in ways which are closer to the natural ways of Shalirion, would of course make me happier still!"

"Good, I wish to act upon these thoughts very soon," said the King, loosening her gown as she stood before him. "Do you like to play with women also. Does that interest you?"

"I have explored women, certain friends, but usually as part of encounters with men. I like some women, particularly the prettiest ones, but my overriding interest has been men so far in my life."

"So you will share me with another woman, and lie with her in front of me too," asked the King.

"Yes of course sire, if that is your pleasure, it can be mine too."

She felt joy that he proposed to allow her to share her sex with others. It had been a pleasure before the conquest and it would be again. Although she might have put up with a monogamous relationship forced upon her, and she was very fulfilled with Charlerion, she felt even greater joy that they might have sexual adventures which might follow both their inclinations more freely. She was wary, because he was the King and he owned her now. She would have to obey him, but it seemed that her sexual life at the least was to become more exciting and adventurous and more like the life of a Shalirionite should be. She found herself looking forward to the adventures to come. Life was set to become even sweeter for her, which she had never expected when she had been forced to step outside the door of her home, and when she had been taken to Guthelm by Valdark.

The King pushed her gently forward onto their bed and mounted her hungrily from behind. With swift thrusts he caused her waters to gather. Then turning her onto her back she thrust her legs upwards and he straddled her pushing his huge virile organ into her, until she came, gushing even before him. Then he sprayed her insides with his masculine juice, and like a lion, he collapsed and lay still upon her panting.