 Ch.9 : Charlerion's Pleasure

(Part 1)

The city of Cromilil grew again. Charlerion loved to see it growing. The knowledge that he and his Kingdom were making it better than it had been before its conquest, satisfied him immensely. Workers built new and bigger buildings where there had been damaged or destroyed buildings. They carved Imperial symbols of the new empire, sun symbols everywhere and the likeness of the new Emperor and his Queen, his warriors and soldiers were everywhere. He commissioned paintings. Cromilil was reborn in his image and the image of his court and homeland, but he gathered everything that was good or progressive about Cromilil and Shalirion and used it, developed it. He taxed businesses, forced the slaves and lower classes to work, to construct, to the glory of his sun God, to make his new Empire something which would outlast him

Charlerion had many pretensions. He saw himself almost as joining the gods, and he had a passion for beauty, in architecture, music, and art as well as in women. He was self centred, but ablaze with ideas and ambitions for himself and his people. He worked his people hard. With much warfare, and a tight control of his nation, he promoted his own servants and acted against opposition.

His mother was a hard worker. The Sun god of ambition optimism, and achievement was his belief. He wanted to remold the world, make it efficient, tidy, and beautiful. He sought to make as many buildings as he could, learning as he built, creating growth activity, even if he stole much of his ideas and resources from others, such as Shalirion.

But how many lives did he disfigure with his projects, his wage labour and efficiency? He sought to stamp out dissent, crime, unsocial activities. He expressed the subjects of his dreams into reality. He attempted purification of his world.

"I have been thinking," said Charlerion, "along the lines of what I said yesterday. I want us to explore some of the sexual ways of your land."

"Yes, my lord? She responded. What do you desire to attempt?"

"My first desire is to make love to two of my concubines together!"

"Oh yes, that would certainly be exciting for you. You will love it!" She encouraged him, although in her own mind she was not so sure. She had been expecting this suggestion after his earlier hints. This would be the logical extension of his sexual activity, to have two of his closest women together with him so he could enjoy both at the same time. Her doubts were about the other concubine. Logically he must mean Jacqueline, the only one of his other two concubines who was here in Cromilil, but Remzain had detected jealousy from Jacqueline towards the newcomer, herself. She doubted whether they could perform well together for their King if they competed over him, and she was not so sure she would relish exploring Jacqueline if the woman was not disposed towards her. To the King she said nothing of this. She would gamely go where her master's desires flowed. All these doubts would sort themselves out one way or the other. All sexual adventure with strangers was an adventure of risk, she enjoyed most adventures of the body, apart from abusive games.

"I have invited Jacqueline to my bedchamber this evening. I wish to consort with you both in turn, and I would hope to see you teach my other concubine some of your arts. Jacqueline comes from our traditional Pelancirian culture. She holds jealousy for me, but I have asked her to try this. She has agreed, although I can see her reluctance to share me so openly. You as a woman of Shalirion can teach her more open ways by your own example."

"Yes my lord. I too wonder whether she would accept such sharing. I have seen jealousy in her and resentment towards me, but you know her better than me. She is a great beauty and need not fear any competition. 

"She must accept that I have other women, because I am the King and I will have whatever I want. She knows this, and she will obey."

"I would like to see you touch her below and try to love her. Such a scene would excite me, if only for a short period. Anyway we can but try it. Will you try this for me?"

"Of course my lord, I will gladly attempt this for you!"

"Good. Mostly I will take the both of you in turn."

"Perhaps we should begin with the traditional lovemaking, between man and woman, between you and she or you and me, suggested Remzain. Ideally if you take her, I can join in enhancing her pleasure by stroking and touching her, then we might come to a real communion between your two concubines." 

"I like this idea of yours," said the King.

When evening came there was a knock on the door. Charlerion himself opened the door to greet his concubine Jacqueline. He dismissed the servant who had escorted her to the door of his apartment. "Welcome, my beauty, you are looking very lovely tonight."

And indeed she was. Remzain, sitting on the bedside could see her dark hair framing a beautiful pure white skinned face. The red and white dress she wore showed off the shape of her luscious full breasts and fine tall figure to great effect. Faced with the prospect of becoming more intimately familiar with her rival, she found she was looking forward to whatever tryst might occur between them. Remzain's heart beat with excitement at the prospect of this radiant woman.

"I thought we might begin with you and me Jacqueline," suggested Charlerion. "We can make love as we normally would, and Remzain will watch, but I want her to intervene too. You see my love, the women of Shalirion are well used to sharing their men."

"I know sire," said the Pelancirian beauty, "as you have explained." Remzain detected reticence or shyness in her. The haughty overconfident jealousy she had felt from the woman when they first met seemed to be gone, probably because Charlerion had ordered it gone, but perhaps because of the realisation that the King really wanted this sharing, and new adventures.

"Remzain will stroke me and you both while we fulfil the acts of love. Are you willing for another woman to touch you? You will not withdraw from her touch I hope?"

"Of course not," she laughed. "We have talked of this before, my lord, and I have already given my consent. I will do your bidding happily."

"Good my lady, I am bursting to enjoy this! And then at some point I shall engage with Remzain and I shall expect you to do the same to comfort us both."

"I look forward to this my lord, as much as you do, I am sure," said Jacqueline.

"Well we shall begin then," declared Charlerion. "We shall help you to disrobe first Jacqueline so I may appreciate you, then you will both help me to undress, and we shall begin without further ado."

Jacqueline stood as she submitted to being stripped. She reached for her dress buttons at the back, but the King was there helping her, loosening her. Remzain assisted to pull the lovely red and white dress upwards over Jacqueline's statuesque figure. Then the undergarments were loosened and stripped away to reveal snow white skin and towering beauty. Luscious breasts were revealed, and slender figure. Remzain felt the warmth from the concubine's body and sensed the fast beating heart of a woman unused to being observed by another in her lovemaking. This must be an unusual excitement to a Pelancirian woman.

The King, in his eagerness was already half undressed. He accepted the aid of his two concubines to peel off the remainder of his clothes. His excitable cock was already eager for use, long before he was completely naked. He pulled his first concubine back onto the bed with him. She rolled submissively onto her back, and he barely touched the fine dark thatch of her pubic hair before invading her body with his bold cock. Remzain felt almost left out by the eager pair, who had left her fully clothed so far, but she was well aware that much of the reason for their eagerness must be her presence as a watcher and soon to be participant in the private bedchamber of their King. Swiftly she disrobed herself and crawled onto the bed watching the vigour with which the King bore down upon his concubine. She was inspired by the meeting of their lips and the gathering of their tongues together, even as he pounded Jacqueline's flesh.

Remzain reached the King's flanks and put her hands upon them. Already there was sweat from the effort of his assault. She admired very much the shape of his torso and his buttocks, but she could only draw her hands over him lightly so as not to impede his thrusting. The softer and whiter body beneath him drew her interest as it was fucked. Remzain had found that there were times when female beauty could inspire her, and this one was wholesome in its shape. Besides the King had commanded her to minister to the luscious concubine who lay beneath him, so she began to reach for those wholesome breasts and to find the nipples. She explored the contours of stomach and thigh, and of perfect leg.

Then it was time for the King and his concubine to change position. He guided the Pelancirian beauty onto all fours and invaded her orifice again from behind this time, pounding more gently at first, savouring the vision of her backside and slender back. Remzain slid underneath the woman, bringing her head underneath hers, daring the other concubine to look her in the eyes as she was ravaged, fiddling with the woman's breasts as they hung down against hers. Remzain dared to raise her face up, to kiss the concubine on the lips, this woman, the rival, whom she barely knew. Jacqueline in her degradation accepted with good grace; she could hardly complain with her master's cock deep within her that she was overlooked. Remzain felt the kiss accepted and reciprocated as Jacqueline proved true to her word. Remzain knew then that the woman was enjoying this sandwiching between male and female, and that she appreciated the meeting with female flesh. She could sense that Charlerion enjoyed having two women beneath him, both beautiful and loved. She knew that it would be her turn to be fucked soon. Even if the King managed to complete his first pleasure upon Jacqueline, she was sure he would have plenty of seed for her too, and even if not he would surely fuck her well. She knew by now what he was capable of, and that was great passion! She now looked forward to that moment when the King would change horses and would begin to rectify her patience.