 Chapter 9: Charlerion's Pleasure

Part 2

"I think we might try something even more adventurous next," said her King and master, a few days after the first sharing with Jacqueline. "I have a couple of friends, members of my court. I have had conversations with them and they are like minded to share themselves and their wives with us, as you do in Shalirion. However they have not experienced this kind of orgy before. The husbands are keen, as I am, and the wives dutiful enough to go along with this, but as they have not behaved so openly before they will need your encouragement and guidance, as they are bound to be quite shy. You will need to take the lead. I propose to set my two friends onto you, while I watch. They are both strong handsome men who I am sure you will enjoy. Their wives and one or two other courtiers and suitable servant women will be in the same room, behind a curtain. When you are well engaged with my friends I will open the curtain and yours will be a performance for the audience to watch, which hopefully will descend into a Shalirion style orgy, in which we will all become satiated. I hope to engage with all of the ladies, if I can last that long, including yourself of course."

"You are becoming adventurous indeed, my lord," she joked confidently. She knew the King was in good mood and he enjoyed a certain amount of wit from her. "As long as all are willing, or at least obedient, this sounds like a very entertaining plan." She felt already excited by the prospect of performing amongst such a choice group. Knowing Charlerion as well as she now did, she did not doubt that he would choose a beautiful or handsome selection of courtiers and perhaps servant or two, and that it would be bound to be enjoyable as long as all acquiesced in the King's plan.

"My main worry sire is what may this kind of behaviour do to your reputation amongst your people," she queried. "I know this sharing nature has never been sanctioned in your society. There are some who might use it against you."

"Well my lady, I am their King, and they cannot question me. All my friends who would be involved are sworn to be secretive about these sensuous activities, in which they too could be implicated. The consequences of using what they might observe against me could be quite serious for them. Anyway, he said dismissively, these are my friends and allies, close followers, who benefit from my magnanimity. I am the King, I have a right to enjoy myself, and use the power and influence I do have to experience life to the fullest. I have never accepted half measures in my life before. That is why I am in Shalirion in the first place. I have ambitions and I will fulfil them regardless!"

He was quite impassioned, she had struck a chord with him, by challenging his plans and he was revealing more of himself than she had seen yet in him, although none of it surprised her. She knew he could turn angry and even vicious if she challenged him too much, but he made his point. Partly she respected him for insisting on developing his sexual possibilities, although she was reminded of the unbridled ambition which obviously drove him. She worried for Cromilil and for Shalirion, for where would Charlerion's ambition take them all in the end. Anyway the sexual games were a pleasant and she felt positive development in Charlerion, and she, the woman of Shalirion, was hardly going to oppose him on this.

Charlerion guided her to a lounge. She noticed that some beds had been brought in here from the bedrooms. Charlerion's Palace had been a great hotel before the foreigners had come in their black ships. The King introduced her to the two courtiers who waited here, "Remzain meet Bernal and Leonarc." Their faces looked a little familiar so she had probably seen them around, but she knew she would forget their names before she could remember them. That hardly mattered. "Come," said the King. "Take off her clothes and examine her flesh. What do you think Remzain? Do you like these men I have brought to you?"

"I do sire," she said, eyeing them hungrily, for they were indeed both handsome and well developed men, and she did indeed find she fancied them both. She was indeed going to enjoy this very much. Despite her strong physical attraction towards Charlerion, she found she was very ready to explore some new male flesh, and here was her master giving her these men on a plate, as it were. As she answered Charlerion she found the two men's hands upon her, in response to his orders, unfastening buttons and stripping away her dress, and then her underclothes. She enjoyed the familiar feeling of strangers getting to know her in this way. In a strange way it felt like Shalirion reasserting itself in her city, even though these were the barbarian invaders who plundered her. Soon her flesh was bare and she expected the next assault.

"Now take off your own clothes gentlemen," instructed their King. Dutifully they hurriedly stripped off their tunics and were soon standing naked in front of their clothed King and his beautiful concubine.

"Now my loyal friends, she is ready for you! Is she not as beautiful as I told you? You can take her now, you have my permission, so long as I may observe. Bernal, I see your cock is hungry. Give it to Remzain and let her feed upon it." Bernal moved towards Remzain's front, offering his prized piece. Dutifully, relishing this act of submission, she bent down onto her knees and reached his inflated cock with her hands. The feel of it was good, strong and warm. She cupped his testicles with one hand as she pulled down the courtier's foreskin with her other. Bringing her lips to it she kissed it with her lips and, opening wide her mouth, allowed her tongue out to wander gently across its purple surface.

Charlerion motioned for Leonarc to begin his work upon her. He came up behind her, until she could feel his warm excited breath upon her neck , while she licked Bernal's stiffened cock in front of her. She felt pleasurably sandwiched between these men as Leonarc massaged her all over, from shoulders to crotch and hips. His fingers explored her moistened crevice and she began to crave something bigger inside her, while she pulled at the foreskin before her.

Charlerion gave a new instruction to Leonarc, "She is ready Leonarc. Sit Bernal, and lower yourself onto all fours my love Remzain." All three of them complied with the King's instruction, and Remzain felt familiar pleasure as Leonarc's large cock entered her from behind and began its fucking. Still she slurped and salivated over Bernal's cock as she stimulated it with her hand.

Remzain saw the curtain draw back beside her, and suddenly they were on display for the other occupants of the room, seated before them to watch and enjoy their animal passions. The cock within her renewed its fucking now as it saw its exclusive audience of courtiers and women. She was the vision of beauty, the object of their lusts. Charlerion allowed his courtiers to take her. It was his way of proving he possessed the best , the most beautiful object of beauty, better than their wives and consorts. It was also his way of sharing, of rewarding his compatriots. She was grateful. How could she of Shalirion remain the property of one man. She was made, as were all of Shalirion's women, for sharing, for the world about them to enjoy and to revere. She had missed this freedom, despite being the consort of one of the world's most beautiful and accomplished of men. She felt naughty and dirty, but in an exciting way which came from the breaking of the Animarian taboos. She revelled in her decadence to these men and women. She knew these barbarians were not used to these scenes of open sexuality. The soldiers and courtiers might experience some communal raping as their lusts were exorcised with conquered women after conquests, but to have their wives here too, watching and ready to participate, was something very unusual, extreme and most exciting to them all.

"Is she not beautiful?" announced Charlerion to his prized guests. "Enjoy yourself Leonarc. You can have her if you want. I give her to you, for now! You can sow your seed in her if you like. I think we would all like to see you do that. Then I can let Bernal have her."

Somehow the King's naughty words seemed to stir something deep and fulfilling in the Pelancirian noble for he seemed to draw upon the words of his King his instruction to let his composure disappear and become the dark sexual creature he really was. Perhaps being on show before these select 'friends' was a compulsion he had long wanted to satisfy. Perhaps being watched as he invaded the concubine was what he had always wanted secretly, and now his King was ordering him to do it. Remzain felt a stirring in his excitement as he thrust deep into her and began to groan without self consciousness. Vigorously he pounded her as his hands explored her flanks and pulled her breasts. The man was fast losing any control and she savoured the delicious feeling of unstoppable passion. She felt wet and excited too. Courageously she looked directly into the faces of her audience. All gave full attention to this amazing scene. Some she could see were unsure, embarrassed by the extreme spectacle paying out before them, unsure of how they should be, jealous of Leonarc and Bernal or perhaps sorry for their public shame. Remzain felt no shame in front of these people. She knew they were all people selected for their likelihood to respond to this. She found herself looking forward to feeling their hands upon her in mutual exploration and ecstasy.

And now she felt the shaking and the growing counter-rhythms as Leonarc lost himself in a frenzy of lust, his sweat pouring over her and his breathing heavy. And then it was over and he flopped over her. 

The King began a round of clapping, "Well done my man, wonderful to behold! You are brave and passionate and you have your seed in her. Now Bernal, are you ready for my Remzain. Quick man, get your cock inside her now! Bernal stood at this call to action slipping his cock out of Remzain's mouth. Turn lady, he rasped quietly to her, on your back please. She raised her legs to accommodate, and swiftly he knelt before her, then raised his cock above her and pushed it down into her first time. She cried with the pleasant shock of its size. Bernal was all unleashed energy, having been sucked so expertly by Remzain for so long. Now he had her where he wanted her., and he began to fuck himself to a swift completion inside her. The onlookers craned heads and some stood, to see better the sensuous unleashing of human passion before them, curiosity and erotic inspiration encouraging them to overcome their social caution. The men seemed transfixed at the sight of such a beautiful young lady being used before them, the women wondering what it could feel like to be a centre of male attention in this way, knowing that tonight they might quite likely be given their chance to find out.

In turn the men watching in the select audience were invited by their King to sow their seed into her or to splash it over her. Some did not have the patience to hold themselves back until it was their turn to mount her or use her from behind. They came into her mouth or directly into her face so she was forced to close her eyes and allow the stickiness to splash against her eyelids and down her nose. Charlerion had kept her as his own pet for long enough. Partially sated he was ready to show her off and give her the freedom she had been craving. 

Most of the men took a turn in some way with the Shalirionite beauty. Remzain was elated by their keen ardour. Even before the conquest she had never, at a ceremony or a party, been used by so many men at once, or been such a centre of attention. Here her King used her to encourage the ladies of Pelancir, and to inspire the men to greater abandon.

Now it was time for the men who had tried their cocks inside her vagina or her mouth to use them on the ladies of this intimate court. "Ladies it is your turn," announced their King. "You have seen what a woman of Cromilil can do, and the passion which these men of my court possess. Enter our adventure together. Peel off your lovely garments and accept the cocks of courtiers gladly. Do not let your husbands have you tonight. Tonight is for sampling the pleasures of variety. Try as many as you can. See what a different sized cock might feel like inside you. Pleasure the friends of your husbands for the first time. Let us all mix and match, explore each other freely!"

She could see the King clutching the rear of a beautiful woman who was the wife of one of his leading courtiers. He had stripped her of her clothes and instructed her to offer her rear end. The dutiful woman looked as if she was in heaven as her rapacious leonine King inserted his huge inflamed cock into her sweet vagina. The King beckoned her husband to place his own cock into his wife's wet mouth while he rode her. The husband was one who already had emptied his seed onto Remzain's face after watching her performance with the first two courtiers, but he was swiftly nice and hard again. She had observed and noted them all with pleasure.