 Hi everyone! Sorry it took me a while to put out another chapter. I also apologize there isn't much 'fun action' in this one. But next chapter which I am already working on will have plenty to make up for it. Promise!

I'm also still very open for suggestions on what kind of scenes Prism will do. You can email me at my profile.

Enjoy!

*****

–IFSC's Quarters –

It had been a few hours since Prism's trip to Melanie Suros' room and there had been many other clients taken care of. But then the board blinked with a name that actually caused Prism a very small fraction of distress to see.

Allen Wright.

He had been on board the Departed Scholar for far too long and as a veteran of an impressive amount of combat engagements it was getting bad. Allen Wright had been assigned to the Security Services department of the ship and served as littler more than an overly glorified chaperon. Whenever he had his visits with Prism, he spent them in a very odd fashion. Prism, being a slime, rarely had thoughts of her own, and even more rarely developed opinions on different people or things. Wright however, was one of very few people that had ever had an effect on Prism's mind.

Client Request: "You know what I want."

Each request was titled the same after the first which read: "A learning experience." Prism's gooey form visibly shook for a moment as she acknowledged the request to the ship's Artificial Intelligence.

As the AI spout out a few more bits of information, Prism simply took on her RF and lowered her head. She acquired the habit from seeing humans when they were "sad" or "depressed". Prism didn't realize she had picked up the habit and never gave it much thought. The slime had just found it to be natural when visiting Wright. Reluctantly, she made her way out into the hallway, walking over to her destination taking into account each rule in her manual while walking.

– Outside Allen Wright's Quarters –

Allen Wright had a different quarters, separated from the rest of the barracks that housed the handful of security personnel. The Security Barracks was located near the center of the Plaza that made up the middle of the Departed Scholar. It was a positively massive room stretching high enough that sometimes clouds would form depending on what part of the system they were in. The Plaza was the only open space on the entire ship and had many buildings scattered about giving it the look of a large city with a dome over the top of it. It was in fact, designed to give the passengers relief on long journeys through space. The Ship's captain would even turn the ship to make sure the system's sun, or suns hit the dome as they would on a real planet.

The Barracks dominated the northern corner of the Plaza and was far bigger than needed as it was only ever a third full at any time. Its size was deemed necessary in case more personnel ever needed to be recruited or any refugees needed a place to stay.

East of the barrack's main entrance was a long hallway to Wright's room with several doorways that required ID to enter. As Wright opened the first doorway Prism walked through, her form then quickly changing. As she made her way through each doorway, Wright began taunting her through the PA. "Target spotted, outside main hallway, suspected to be armed and dangerous," he hissed into the PA system, Prism once again shook as she continued to walk.

Prism began to remember the last time she had been there. Wright made her attach herself to his pelvis, sucking his member while chunks of her would stretch out into the room where he would use them as target practice. Though Prism couldn't feel anything as the bullets penetrated her gooey form, she detested any kind of violence. On other occasions, Wright hadn't even used her for anything sexual. Using her as a literal moving target for his marksmanship practice. Making her solid and using her as a punching bag for one entire session. He practiced his baton swings and other bladed weapons on her previously, slicing her body into bits. If Prism knew what hate was, she would feel it for Wright.

The form he would have her turn into, was that of a younger woman from his past, he mentioned only once who she was. "Someone who turned me down." She would have three long, thick braids that fell down her back, one flowing down each shoulder blade and another that fell directly down her back just above her butt. Big eyes sat just above well pronounced cheek bones with thin lips and perfect teeth. A rather average nose finished off her face with a pair of dimples that would appear whenever she smiled. Which, Wright made her do a lot and not out of happiness. Prism did not understand what that was.

No clothes would be present on Prism while visiting Wright, even if she had formed clothes at any point, it would usually result in Wright smashing where Prism's face would be into a puddle of goo. Her form continued to make it's way to the final doorway where Wright now stood.

The man was easily over six feet, with broad shoulders, muscles adorning his chest, arms and legs as he stood with his arms crossed. Wright was pale like most space faring people, only he had short brown hair which seemed unnatural for his head. Currently he wore a tight fitted green shirt with short sleeves, dark black pants held up with a thick black belt and black boots.

"Target is approaching." His voice was heavy, almost as if it took effort for him say each word as he spoke very slowly. A grin spread across his face as he watched his target approach him. "Engaging target," he then yelled and quickly dashed for Prism.

A few feet from the slime, Wright threw his right arm out and quickly grabbed at Prism's neck. The slime knew that the soldier wanted her to be solid and allowed the grasp to happen. The goo struggled to maintain it's viscosity as Wright squeezed tightly and began to drag the gooey figure away into the quarters.

– Inside Allen Wright's Quarters –

Prism splashed against the wall and looked at Wright with yet another customer tailored expression. One of innocence. Wright came back with another throat grab with his right hand, his left hand suddenly connecting with Prism's right side. The security officer began to beat Prism violently with both hands, throwing punches and throwing the girl around the room causing a great deal of sound no one would hear.

Wright apparently, had no interest in anything sexual this time. He simply took out all the rage a person could on Prism knowing full well she couldn't die. Fifteen minutes of abuse and Wright was done. Prism didn't understand. But it wasn't her place to understand. Not only did she not get any pleasure in the acts he committed, but she did not even get the nourishment that she thrived off of as her usual payment for her services. She left and slowly took on her RF as she exited his quarters. Slimes were never known to be emotional, they weren't known for really anything other than their current use in Human Society. But Prism did feel something. Something she couldn't explain or understand. Perhaps it was shame. Maybe it was anger. Unable to pinpoint her exact feeling, she decided to simply push it aside. Locking it away with all the other 'feelings' she couldn't handle.

– IFSC Quarters –

After Wright's visits, Prism always seemed a little off for a while. She brought up the communication with her Handler on the ship's bridge. A Slime Handler was simply someone that the slimes answered to whenever they needed anything. They normally weren't anyone important, the title was usually just given to the communication or navigation officer onboard. The board that usually showed the list of clients and their requests changed to an image of a person.

It was a portrait view of the person, a large helmet sealing away most of their face, leaving only their lower jaw and mouth in view. Hoses and wires fed out from the helmet into random ports on the wall behind the navigation officer, "Go ahead." Her voice was almost robotic as she spoke. Hera, the navigation officer had her voice attached to transmitting nodes throughout the ship as she also served as the announcer when Atlas the AI wasn't in charge of the duty.

"Navigation Officer Hera, this is Prism 2527," Prism's voice was small right now, quiet as a whisper.

"Who else would be calling on the IFSC Line, what is it?" came an irritated reply.

"If it is permissible, I'd like to suspend my use for the remainder of this evening. I can continue service tomorrow afternoon to make up for lost time." Prism's voice maintained the same quiet volume as she made her request.

"Why? How many requests have you fulfilled so far?" Hera asked in a harsh tone, the image of her face clad in a helmet seemed to have cut out for a moment.

"I've fulfilled 34."

"One more then, I hate silly numbers like that," Hera's voice replied before mumbling a few words just before cutting the communication, "When I turn 34 I'm skipping to 35, I don't give a-"

Dimming, the room suddenly became quiet as the image was cut off. It was replaced with the board once again that had one name at the very top.

Alex Ross – Request: "Company."

It was odd that Prism was to deal with two humans that she actually felt anything for. First Wright, where she couldn't distinguish between hate and disgust. And now, Ross; whom she felt an odd attraction to. Almost like she looked forward for her encounters with Ross. They'd only met a couple times in the past, each of which did not involve anything sexual, but more having to do with questions and stories.

"Acknowledged, making my way to Alex Ross' room now."

– The Plaza of the Departed Scholar –

Thankfully, Ross did not reside anywhere near the Security Barracks, but on the exact opposite side, south of the plaza's center. Prism had her RF on and in an odd, awkward fashion, hurriedly made her way to Ross' quarters. Ross lived in a large apartment building where most of the wealthier class civilians called home. In fact it was the only apartment building allowed in the Plaza and dominated the artificial skyline as it towered over all the shops, factories, warehouses, and farms below.

– Outside Ross' Living Quarters –

Prism regained her composure, her gooey form rippling like water when a rock breaks it's surface one last time before knocking. The apartments' architects attempted to keep the feel of the building as 'old fashion' as it could. Complete with physical, silver plated door knockers on each door. There were also screens installed on the doors themselves much like the mechanism found on Melanie Suros' quarters.

The image did not turn on after Prism had knocked however, instead the door opened soon afterwards with an excited young face greeting the slime. Alex Ross was a younger man, around 24 with an average frame, average build, and average weight. Prism did not know any better, but to anyone else in Society, Alex Ross was simply another person with nothing spectacular about him.

Ross wore a small piece of metal around the bridge of his nose that would dispense a liquid lens that would work as a pair of glasses when needed. They were designed more for work application as they offered different magnification rather than actually fixing someone's eyesight. Brown hair was kept short on the man's head, his face clean shaven leaving his pale skin with a very smooth appearance. His eyes were also brown like 99% of people on board, but his seemed to be a little brighter than most to Prism.

As a Slime, Prism paid little attention to what people had to say, but more of what a person did and how they looked. She was able to find out more about a person when she wanted to by observing the expressions on a person's face rather than simply asking any questions. Alex Ross had bright eyes and what seemed like a perpetual smile. The young man was currently wearing a pair of grey shorts and a navy blue shirt with no shoes or socks on. It was apparent today was Ross' day off, not that Prism cared.

"Prism, please, come in," his voice was genuinely happy, slightly higher pitched as he spoke to her specifically. Anyone who had heard Ross speak to others would know his voice changed for her.

Being the only one of very few who referred to Prism by name, the Slime felt a small hint of excitement as she walked in and towards the living room. "How may I be of service to you this evening, Mr. Alex Ross?"

"Please, Prism, we've been over this before, call me Alex," the man joined her in the living room and took a seat, motioning for her to do the same. "Sit, relax, take a load off. We've only fifteen minutes, correct?"

"That is correct, is there nothing that you desire of me?" Prism's voice had also changed from the scared tone with Wright, to an almost happy one with Ross. Though neither of them knew it, Prism's voice also sounded much differently when speaking to this young man.

"Only to pick your brain a little more, last time we spoke about where you came from I believe, I was curious, do you ever want to go back?" Ross asked as he took a sip from a glass with an unknown liquid in it.

Prism eyed the man for a moment, her RF still in place before replying. "My planet was annihilated after being mined hollow and after my kind were put into service by the Human Race. It was shattered to make use of the last tectonic plates as natural meteor and asteroid barriers for nearby Human colonies." As she spoke of something that may bring a tear to most species' eyes, Prism spoke with a nonchalant tone as to her it was merely an answer to a question.

Alex Ross took in a deep breath after hearing the Slimes response and shook his head. Prism answered in such a way that caused Ross to be taken aback for a moment. The indifference confusing him for a long moment. "Oh, I see. I actually didn't know that, despite my studies it had never come up. I didn't mean to offend if I have done so by asking."

"Not at all Mr... I mean, Alex. I am okay with my current use in life."

"Use? Do you not ever think about what things would be like if you weren't stuck in the IFSC?" Ross took another sip as he asked a question that had been sitting in his mind for months.

"Why would I not be in the IFSC?" she asked quizzically.

"Well, it isn't my place but I just don't understand why Slimes are simply okay with basically being slaves. I'm not sorry for not tip toeing around the question and being blunt, it just confuses me. On my planet, there's been seven different civil wars where people fought for that which I think you deserve. Freedom." Ross was speaking quickly making it obvious he wasn't okay with Prism's life.

"Freedom?" Prism asked, not quite sure what he meant.

"Maybe that's a question for another time, I'm jumping into it because I've just been excited to see you again, it's been a few months," he shook his head as he realized he had been frowning for the short length of the conversation. He looked up to the slime and smiled. "How's your night been?"

"I can not tell you details, but it has not been great. There's a client that I do not enjoy." Prism's mind immediately disregarded the thought of freedom as she wanted to vent further about her run in with Wright. But she was not allowed to discuss anything that happened with each client.

"Wait, there's a client that you don't like? Who is it?" Ross leaned forward with intrigue, his face looking concerned.

"I just told you Alex, I can not give you details."

"Right-right, I just didn't think anyone would be that bad. I hope you don't think that way about our sessions."

"Not at all, I enjoy our sessions more than most." Prism's voice maintained an almost cold tone as she explained.

Ross grinned, "Well, I'm very glad to hear-"

– Outside Hull of The Departed Scholar –

As the Departed Scholar floated through space, the hull glistened as the nearby sun reflected off it's armor plating. The ship was the size of a large city, along with it's Plaza acting as a huge dome in the middle of the ship with chunks of metal protruding from the front and back. Personnel and the bridge located at the front, engines and all science facilities at the back. It was a cookie cutter of a ship, thousands were built to explore further into space. Most however, such as The Departed Scholar, were merely used as transport ships for different science departments within the local governments they were assigned to.

Continuing to float through to it's destination, the nearest friendly station two systems over, a giant arrowhead looking object began heading to the dome of The Departed Scholar.

–Bridge of The Departed Scholar, 4 minutes before –

"Captain, there is a large projectile. It's exterior looks as though it is an asteroid however preliminary scans show there may be technology within. I was unable to detect it until now due to it's solid earth surface."

Atlas, the AI of the ship spoke in a calm, collected tone as it alerted the Captain and crew of the bridge.

Coming alive suddenly with action, the bridge became a loud mass of officers shouting information back and forth between each other, the Captain himself speaking to the AI while the other officers prepared for impact. It was apparent that as they changed the ship's trajectory, so to did the asteroid. The unknown object maintained a collision course at all times.

"What is it? Can we jump away from it?" the Captain asked, attempting to keep his composure.

"As the object approaches, further scanning shows that it is of sentient design. The outside of the unknown vessel appears to be artificial rock formations sealing away what might be a large ship. As far as jumping, that is a negative, there is not enough time to prepare all civilians for a safe departure. It is recommended that the few civilians that can be saved, be escorted to the escape pods immediately. I am preparing to give the order over the PA." Atlas explained maintaining it's tone of indifference.

"Negative! All Bridge personnel get to the nearest escape pods immediately!" The Captain shouted over the noise, most of the officers began to run without hesitation to the nearest station. A few stayed behind.

"What about the civilians? Why did you reject the announcement?!" Hera asked loudly as she ripped the large helmet off from her head.

"Get to the escape pods immediately!" came back a commanding yet hostile reply.

"The civilians, sir?!" Hera's voice began to break chain of command as she questioned the captain of the ship.

"The Departed Scholar does not have enough pods, Hera! Now, you're my communication officer, get to the nearest pod now!"

Hera threw her helmet down and ran over to a panel and began to type away at a holographic keyboard.

Waving his fist into the air dismissively, the captain of the ship ran down the nearest hallway. Other officers who stayed on the bridge began to follow suit with Hera, overriding the captain's last command to Atlas, and allowing the PA system to announce the collision.

– Alex Ross' Quarters – 

Alex looked up suddenly towards one of his windows looking out over the plaza. "Did you hear that?" he asked, concern drenching his words.

"Yes, I did. There is an unknown object on a collision course heading for our ship. It will collide in a couple minutes and all civilians are to head to the escape-." Prism's hand was snatched up by Alex and the slime girl was suddenly dragged towards the door.

– The Plaza –

Bursting through the door, Ross continued to pull on the slime, Prism allowing herself to be guided. "Ross, I am not a civilian, we are breaking the rules of my contract."

"To hell with your contract! We need to get out of here, look!" the man pointed up towards the dome ceiling. Far beyond the casing of the plaza, there was another giant object that looked like an arrowhead moving quickly straight towards the center of the plaza.
