 "Two eight four!"

I just about pee myself. Two guards came into the unit as another prisoner and I are mopping the floor. Our work assignment.

"Two eight four!" the lead guard yells again. The last three numbers of my I.D. I step forward and he wraps a 'soft cuff' around my left wrist and pushed a button on his device. Both my arms fall to my side like dead eels. I'm shaking so much they have to hold me up as we go to the door.

It's been three sleeps since we were transported up and ten of us locked in 'our' unit. Each unit has ten cells with a bed, toilet and vid screen. There is a communal shower, a common with food machine, tables and chairs and a big vid screen. Roz (two eight seven) says she heard there are over a thousand units on the ship, but we never see other prisoners after being taken to our unit.

As soon as we arrived we were locked into our cells and the vid screens lit up. A handsome black lady, wearing a white blouse and a dark blue jacket with epaulets 

looked out from behind a desk. She wore no jewelry or makeup, her hair was pulled back from her face.

"Good morning prisoners. I am the Captain of this ship and as far as you are concerned, God. There are rules, which you WILL follow. I will tolerate no violent behavior aboard my ship. Watch this short clip."

A shower's security camera. A prisoner comes into view and is tripped to the floor and kicked until guards come and restrain his attacker. The man on the floor doesn't move. Change of scene. A metal room with a door at the far end over which is a green light. Two guards carry in the dead man, then return with the attacker, silently screaming and thrashing against his restraints. The guards drop him on the floor beside the dead man and leave. The light changes to red. The door flies open and the two fly out with a puff of vapor into the blackness of space.

The Captain re-appears. "Now. Lets talk about the rules and your routine."

The guards holding me put their right eye, one at a time, to the identifier and the door opens. We enter and the door closes. Almost as soon as the guard pushes the destination button the door opens to a soft floored corridor and we proceed along it to a door marked 'CAPTAIN SEWARD' and the lead guard says to the identifier, "Guards with prisoner, Mam."

Her office is carpeted and furnished with wooden furniture, softly upholstered. Not steel furniture welded to the deck. The Captain sits behind her desk.

She is much prettier in person.

"Lower the prisoner to the deck and you may resume your duties, gentlemen."

They lower to my knees and leave. The Captain stands and comes around her desk. She's wearing a knee length dark blue skirt that matches her jacket, white nylons and black leather flats. Her skin is a dark smooth chocolate and her smile warm.

"Don't be afraid Two Eight Four. You're not here for discipline. You've not done anything wrong. Let me explain.

"Command of an interplanetary ship is a demanding lonely job. I alone am responsible for this ship and everyone aboard her. For discipline reasons I cannot be intimate with any of her crew. What to do?

"For every voyage there are many like you. People who have committed only one violent crime, in fact this was their first time before the courts. I study the profiles of all my charges and from them pick a prisoner to be my personal companion for the voyage. Someone to please me in every way. To serve me. Someone to talk with when I'm off duty." As she talked she moved behind me and gently rubbed my shoulders. Her hands slid down my front and rested on my boobs. She gently cupped them. "Someone to warm my bed.

"Would you like to be my Pet for your voyage?"

Cold lonely steel prison, or the Captain's whore? Easy choice.

"Good. I will call you 'Pet' and you will call me 'Captain', now, lets show you around." She pushed a button on her remote and my arms came back to life with that awful pins and needles feeling. She took me through a door behind her desk to her quarters. 

Soft beige carpet, a big bed, couch, armchair, table with two chairs beside a food machine, mirrored door closet, big vid screen, and through another door a bathroom tiled in white and light blue.

She slid the closet door open. "Take off all your clothes pet."

"Yes Captain."

I'm one forty five tall, twenty four years old. My best feature is my 'nice rack' as one of my boyfriends called them. I've a skinny waist, too small a tush, and legs that are too skinny, I think. My auburn hair used to be shoulder length before my five cm prison cut. I've grayish blue eyes. 

Captain selected a pink lace bra and pantie set, and a pink sundress with a knee length full skirt and big white polka dots. After so long in prison issue cotton undies and grey shifts with my number on the front and back I felt so feminine.

"I have to go to work for a while. Find something you want to watch then get comfortable on the bed or the couch, Pet."

I chose a movie and sat on the bed. She soft cuffed my legs and arms to sleep and left.

Hours later Captain returned. "How's my Pet?"

"Oh Captain, I really really have to pee!"

She chuckled. "Sorry pet, here you go."

We talked for a bit. "Let's get dolled up and go out for dinner, Pet."

Captain took a long slinky silver dress from the closet for me. Surprisingly it fit perfectly. Next were a pair of three inch silver stilettos. From a drawer in the bathroom she produced a tube of lipstick and a makeup kit. "I think this color will suite you. Do your face Dear."

She wore her uniform. We went to the Officer's club. Everyone wore uniforms and their spouses dresses or suits and ties. I was introduced around. Some were friendly. Some coldly polite. Eight of us s at at the Captain's table.

Back in her cabin she patted the couch beside herself. "Come, sit here and tell me about yourself Pet."

I told her about where I was born and grew up. After high school I got a job as a waitress. A nice, well dressed man came often for lunch. One day he said to come to his night club and he'd hire me. The pay and tips were better.

"Then one night," I continued, "a customer grabbed me and wouldn't let me go. I kneed him in the jewels. I thought the bouncers would throw him out, but instead they restrained me. I didn't know how well he was connected. I was found guilty of 'violent assault causing grievous bodily harm.' and here I am. Twenty four, big tits, and fucked for life."

Few transported survive the labor colonies, and of those even fewer ever get back to earth.

"Aw Pet." She puts an arm over my shoulder and pulls me to her. She kisses my cheek, then my lips. "Do something for me?"

"What Captain?"

"Strip for me?"

I chose a quiet music channel on the vid, closing my eyes and swaying to the rhythm.

Looking into my Captain's eyes I slid my dress down off my shoulders until I was cupping the silver material over my bra and licked my lips. I slid the slinky material down. Past my tummy, over my hips. I let it fall to the floor.

Keeping my knees straight, my tush to my captain, I bent over and picked up the dress. I took my time stroking it smooth, then laying it over a chair.

I danced over to Captain and turning my back to her, looking over my shoulder said, "Captain, will you help me with my bra strap?"

Was that a tremble I felt in her strong fingers?

I threw my bra over to my dress and held up my 'D' cup personalities for her viewing pleasure.

I sat on the edge of the bed, and making sure she saw everything I stroked my legs and removed my shoes.

I stood on tip toes and rotated as I walked my panties down to the carpet.

Captain gently clapped. "Beautiful, beautiful. Turn back the bed and climb in Sweetheart."

She's hung her jacket in the closet when we got back. Now she did a very sexy dance as she took off her tie and unbuttoned her blouse. Undoing her belt buckle and lowering the zipper she shed her skirt and kicked it aside. Sitting on the edge of the couch she locked eyes with me. She stroked the smooth nylons then removed her left shoe. She stroked her right leg and removed that shoe. Her legs were very shapely. She rolled her stockings down her legs.

Captain stood and swayed towards the bed. She dropped her blouse to the carpet. At the edge of the bed she took off her bra. Her boobs were plump and stood up proud. I've never seen such big nipples, erect and as big around as my thumb. All that beautiful chocolate skin. Smooth and unblemished. An old fashion girl, she shaved her pubes, bald, no one did that any more.

She climbed so smoothly into bed and pushed my shoulders to the soft mattress. She lowered her lips to mine. We lay there kissing. Our mouths opened. We kissed some more.

Her hand slid down. She stroked my sex. So gentle. I hadn't been with a woman since Carol. Lots of cock but no pussy.

"Touch me Pet."

Gladly!

So smooth. Why did shaving go out of fashion? I stroked her cunt lips. She gave an encouraging sound and rolled onto her side. I slid a finger in, then another finger. I stroked in and out as she kissed and nibbled my earlobe.

"Yes, oh yes. Aaahhh!

"Oh thank you pet. I missed that. Roll over."

She spooned up behind me and was soon tickling my bush.

"Just relax. Let your Captain look after you."

Her fingers were inside me. It was like I'd forgotten what tenderness was. There was nothing like it in prison waiting for trial, or since.

After finger fucking me to a spectacular big 'O' she cuddled me to sleep.

For the first time in ages I had no nightmares.

"Wake up Pet. Time to get going."

Captain sent me to the bathroom then selected a cute house dress and a frilly apron for me and showed me my duties.

Get dressed. Serve Captain's breakfast. Do the house keeping in her rooms and office. Lunch at her table in the room. Two days a week I went to the trainer at the gym for a strenuous workout.

Some evenings we'd eat in, some at the officer's club.

After my fifth night as Captain's pet she said, "Let's get dressed up and go out tonight."

I wore the slinky silver dress, four inch acrylic heels, diamond jewelry and coral lip gloss and nail polish.

My Captain wore the most awesome red velvet dress. Backless with a plunging front, ankle length, and 

matching red heels. Her earrings were gold with pendulums of tiny gold stars, her necklace was a chain of gold stars. Her lips and nails were shiny maroon.

The first time out of her suite without a soft cuff!

She took me to 'The Starview Lounge.' The food was divine. The service excellent, but of course she is the Captain.

After we ate we went out to the restaurant's observation dome. The ten kilometer sphere that is the ship curved away in all directions. In the vastness of space there is no concept of motion.

Captain rested one hand on my shoulder and pointed with the other. "That's the bow of the ship, the direction we're going. That blue one over that way is Earth. That little pink dot to the left is Mars, our first stop."

"Captain, is that where I'm going?"

"Now Pet, you know prisoners are not allowed to know their destination. Can't have them communicating with gangs and organized crime back on Earth."

I managed to hold back my tears thinking of friends and family I'd probably never see again.

The band that was tuning up on a raised platform began to play a slow tune. "Let's dance Pet."

She took my hand and wrapped her other hand around my waist.

"It's all right Pet. You're with me."

Like everything else Captain is a wonderful dancer. She let go of my hand and stroked my short hair, then pulled my head to her strong shoulder. Her other hand stroked my back. I wrapped both arms around her waist.

What a simple fuck I am. A slow dance in my Captain's arms and I'm happy again. Forget the past. The future is way off. Enjoy the now.

The slow dancing put us in the mood for gentle tender love making. Lots of lingering kisses as we undressed each other. "You choose our nighties, Pet."

I chose a pair of satin ones. Black for me, red for her. They were mid thigh length with lots of big white buttons down the front. We giggled and kissed as we did up and undid each other's buttons and explored what was revealed.

Laying on our sides, top leg cocked up, we sixtynined to a series of orgasms

Later as we cuddled and touched Captain said, "Know what I'd like to do?"

"No Captain, what?"

"I'd like to shave you, here." She stroked my bush.

"I think I'd like that. Captain?"

"Pet?"

"May I call you 'dear' or something when we're alone?"

"Oh, my beautiful pet. Of course. Please."

More gentle kissing and touching as we drifted off.

Soon when we were alone we always called each other endearments. One day she almost brought me to tears. She corrected me. I'd said something about her cabin.

"No Darling, OUR cabin."

I knew her moods. When she needed touching. When she needed her space. When she just needed me quietly close by.

One day after a morning working at her desk she said, "Hey, Sweetheart, lets go the the officer's club for lunch." We found a quiet corner table. Part way through lunch an officer came over. "Excuse me, Captain, Miss, a coded message marked 'urgent' came for you."

"Thank you Ms Lake. I'll come to the bridge soon."

The lady left. "We're over half an hour from Earth communication, so let's finish lunch. Would you like to see the bridge, Love?"

After soft cuffing me, the first time in ages, we went to the bridge. It was a big oval office with many vid screens showing graphs and data. Lots of people sitting at consuls. The Captain's on a raised dais one step up.

"Mr Wilson, have a chair brought an placed here, then show Pet around the bridge."

Everyone gave me a basic explanation of what they were doing. When I sat beside My Captain she looked pleased. Something to do with her message?

We went to an Indian restaurant that night.

""Captain, Dear?"

"Yes Love?"

"My clothes. They all fit perfectly?"

"Remember I said I had every prisoner's info. That I know everything about you? Well, even before we were in Moon orbit I had everyone's file. I looked until I found you. Then, in my spare time I used the computer program to match the catalogue's clothes to you, and everything was delivered before we set sail. Simple."

That night was wild animal sex. No time for strip tease, no time for nighties. We tore our cloths off and practically raped each other. Hungry kissed, squeezing and groping She held my mouth tight to her cunt. My hair was just long enough for her to grab. She was loud.

"Eat me. Eat me. Fuck me. Yes Baby. Yes, that's it. You know how." Her cunt juice dripped down my chin. I took her to a shuddering orgasm.

She rolled out bed and got to her knees. She pulled me around and lifted my legs over her strong shoulders. I stroked her beautiful long black hair as she drove me wild. Her fingers found my 'G' spot as her kisses found my clit. I came in Technicolor.

She stood and rolled me back into bed then spooned up behind me and held me tight, like she was afraid I'd float away. God it was good to be safe in her gentle chocolate embrace.

One night she said, "Lets pretend we're in a cabin in the Klondike."

She put a video of a fireplace on the screen, pulled two faux fur silver fox blankets out of a drawer under her bunk and turned the cabin temperature way down. The soundtrack of wind clawing at the cabin windows and a lone wolf howling on the mountainside was the background to our love making between the soft furs. We snuggle so deliciously together.

"Wear your sexy black gown. The backless one. Your pearls, and those acrylic heels."

The dress has a black satin body that stops just above my knees, and a long black chiffon over skirt and full length sleeves. My hair was now long enough to brush back behind my ears.

My beautiful Captain looked so gorgeous, elegant , sexy and just plain yummy in her French blue, shoulder-less snug dress with it's hem just above her knees.

Big gold hoop earrings and a fine gold band necklace sparkled.

I would have been happy to stay home and molest her right then.

She'd reserved a private booth at the Starview. As we waited for our meals she lifted my hand and kissed it. "This is a special occasion, Love."

"Tell me?"

"Not just yet, Sweetheart."

"Please, Darling."

"No, it's a surprise."

She can be such a tease at times.

We sat close. There was a lot of loving touches. For dessert she ordered a chocolate sundae and one spoon. She fed both of us. I've never felt so loved. I felt like a princess.

We went out to the observation deck The light was different. Almost half the sky was filled with a big pink globe with green spots.

Mars!

Was this the 'special occasion?' I began to tremble. There was a rushing sound in my ears. Was this my destination? Was this a "good bye, nice fucking you' dinner? Was this where I'd be worked until I died?

"Pet, listen. I tried to do something about your sentence. I've a few influential friends. Tried to get your case reviewed, but that man is just too well connected.

What I did manage to do though was get your punishment changed.

"You, my darling, will be in my custody for the rest of your sentence. You and I will be together for the next five years, and I hope forever.

"Now, don't I deserve a kiss"?

The Happy Ending