 Author's foreword. 

The story is inspired by the stereotype of medieval Chinese family, where women were very obedient and submissive to men. Today, this sort of thing may raise a controversy or make you uncomfortable, so I warn you about that straight away. Please try to read it with an open mind. 

I want to also thank my editor who wished to remain anonymous. 

***** 

Private wife. 

"Mmm... Ah..." 

The girl was moaning quietly in the night, startling Katy awake from her slumber. She rubbed her eyes, momentarily disoriented, and yawned deeply. Soon, she found the source. 

It was Ann, who was sleeping on a bed next to her. Katy could see in the dim morning light coming through the blinds how the girl turned and thrashed in her bed, her forehead glistening with sweat. She reached out and shook her neighbor by the shoulder, making Ann wake with a start. The girl breathed heavily for a few seconds, trying to figure out where she was, and then relaxed, crashing back on her pillow and hiding her face in the crook of her elbow. 

"Hey..." Katy whispered quietly, not wanting to wake anyone else up. 

Ann turned to look at her, only her silhouette visible in the darkness. All around the two of them just the sound of dozens of other girls sleeping could be heard. 

"A nightmare," she whispered. 

"Tell me about it," Katy suggested. In truth, she couldn't sleep either. 

"It's about the auction tomorrow," Ann said quietly, "What if no one wants me?" 

"Come on, that's impossible," Katy smiled soothingly. 

"Yea, but what if? My breasts are small," the girl mumbled, rubbing her chest, "I dreamt that no one wanted me and I was sent to be a public service," she added bitterly, clearly still reliving the nightmare. 

"They don't do that anymore, you know," Katy frowned. 

Up until a dozen years ago, they had. That's why, when they were young, teachers would frighten them with tales such as this. Neither of girls was particularly clear as to what it entailed, but they were told it was bad. They also knew they would not have any children for very long if this was the case. Luckily, they didn't use women as a public service anymore. This much Katy was certain of. 

Katy knew that long ago the male to female ratio was fairly equal. Everyone could have a wife, and it wasn't unheard of for Emperors and Lords to have entire harems with dozens of wives at their service. Then something happened, and for every twenty children there would be only one girl born. Naturally, women became a rare commodity, a treasure for which wars were set ablaze. In the modern age, women were strictly controlled and distributed. 

What Katy and the other girls like her had not been told was that sadly, up until very recently, some women would be used at brothels and other public places to keep the male population somewhat pacified. Nowadays, with the development of realistic androids, it was no longer necessary. 

The Law said that all the girls, upon being born, would be sent to special educational centers where they would be brought up and nurtured carefully. Even today, 90% of them would be used to keep the human race from extinction. They would have child after child until they are unable. 

Katy and Ann were very lucky. Traditionally, a small number of elite members of society would still be allowed to have a wife. The richest people could even have up to three wives at once. Only the most beautiful and smart girls would be allowed to enter the auction and be sold as such a wife, and the two girls were among the lucky ones. 

"Don't be afraid. You are pretty," Katy soothed the nervous girl near her, "And I heard there would be more than a thousand men at the auction while there are only eighty three of us. There's no way someone will be left unwanted." 

"Yea, I know..." Ann whispered, calming down a bit. 

The auctions were held each month and each month only a small number of females who reached the age of maturity - that is, 19 years old - would be sold there. Only the richest and most influential men would be allowed to participate, but that was not the only requirement. Only the men who were healthy and able to produce healthy children would be allowed to buy a wife, and still there were over a thousand of them! With only eighty three girls available, naturally the prices would skyrocket and every last one of them would be sold. 

"Besides," Katy giggled, "I hear some men really like flat chests like yours." 

"Shut up!" Ann hissed. She was really jealous of Katy's breasts. They were round and soft, but not too large - a perfect size, in Ann's opinion. 

They both had turned nineteen this month, and tomorrow would be the most important day of their lives. 

*** 

"Gosh, there's so many!" one of the girls who was peeking behind the curtains whispered. 

They were all gathered in the small room adjacent to a large exhibition hallway of one of the biggest city museums. In every big town there was a place like this. Security was very tight and the girls were delivered here early in the morning under strict convoy in an armored bus. They had never left the training facility before and travelling across the country into the big city was already an exciting affair. However, the importance of today's event easily beat even their excitement at the views. Today they would finally be sold to their future husbands. One could only hope that he would be a kind owner to her. 

Katy looked herself over nervously in the mirror. Expert stylists worked the entire morning on her makeup and hair. They kept it to the minimal so that the buyers would clearly see what they were getting and every girl in the dressing room looked stunning to begin with. They had been chosen among thousands of young women for their looks. Katy was wearing a loose, floor-length, snow-white hooded cloak that hid her entire body and even her face when she held her head down. She made sure to carefully straighten all the folds. In a cloak like this, she looked almost like a high priestess of some foreign church. 

"Line up!" the old matron who had taken care of them all those years clapped several times loudly. 

Katy took a deep breath and hurried to her place in line. Even among the girls she was a shortie, only 5 feet tall, but compared to some of the male guards she saw today she looked completely tiny. 

"Remember," the matron said, when all girls took their places, "Smile to everyone. Answer politely when talked to, but don't say too much. Don't come near the edges of your pedestal and don't let them touch you if they ask. Did everyone go to the toilet? We don't need any of you to waste any time on that." 

"Yes, Ma'am," the chorus of eighty three voices said. 

"Good. Now, every one of you knows her number. If you forget, it's also written on the inside of your sleeve, just take a pick and don't be nervous. Good luck." 

Katy could hear her heart beating and blood pumping in her ears as the curtains were slid open and the line of girls entered the exhibition room, proceeding through the middle in a very orderly fashion. On each side of the walkway round white pedestals could be seen. They were roughly five meters in diameter each, and there were at least a hundred of them. On the other side of the pedestals, on each side of the long narrow gallery, standing behind thick red velvet ropes there were men. Katy was too nervous to look at them, but she could see hundreds of them from the corner of her eyes, as she walked in line with everyone else. She was so preoccupied that she nearly missed her pedestal, but thankfully the girl turning left in front of her woke her up. Katy turned right and walked on top of the round, flat podium that was roughly half meter tall. 

She stood in the very center, facing the men on her side of the gallery. The closest of them were already devouring her with their eyes. They all were dressed sharply, wearing expensive suits, the cream of the crop of society in front of her. 

"Gowns down," she could hear matron's voice, as she clapped again loudly. 

Katy took another deep breath and pulled at the ties around her neck, letting her cloak fall to the floor around her feet. Only a rustle of other girls' gowns falling down could be heard in the room as all the men held their breath. All of the young women were now completely naked in front of them, blinding in their ripe beauty. 

Katy shook her head slightly, allowing her pale blond hair to set around her shoulders. Her skin was smooth and white, her hips full and alluring, her waist narrow and her belly flat. She had beautiful full breasts with small perky nipples, her neck was long and her face was like that of a goddess. She smiled pleasantly, remembering matron's advice, parting her full lips to reveal perfect teeth, white as pearls. Her hazel eyes were slightly downcast in a modest manner. 

Katy was not afraid of nudity - she was brought up in an all-girl environment, and her teachers never told them that nudity was something to be shy about. Still, in front of so many men, seeing their hungry expressions, Katy couldn't help but feel uneasy, blushing deeply. Each one of the thousands of them wanted her, yet only eighty three of them would walk away satisfied today. 

At that very moment, the ropes that were baring the men were removed, allowing them to roam freely around the room. The exhibition chamber was immediately filled with the soft murmur and rustling of feet as the men began walking around the pedestals. 

They immediately began asking Katy tons of questions, having her turn this way and that, and asking her to squeeze her breasts or spread her butt cheeks. At first she was overwhelmed with so much attention, not knowing who to listen to or what to do. Several men were trying to talk to her at once. She was blushing deep red, not so much because of the nudity but because of the attention and the strange demands. What would they need to see her asshole for? What was so special about her breasts? 

But as time went by, the men calmed down a little, and it was easier to answer their demands. After an hour and a half, Katy was actually starting to feel rather bored and annoyed, although she didn't dare show any hint of it. She began to study the men around her in return. Previously she had only seen men a few times in her life and only twice had she seen them for real, not on the picture or in a movie. Now she was surrounded by a sea of them, and as soon as her initial nervousness passed, she started to feel curious. 

Most of them were much older than her, as far as she could tell. Some of the men were overweight, but not many of them. Some of them had grey hair or wrinkles on their faces. She would think that it was perhaps normal for them to look that way had there not been a few of the younger ones in the crowd. She found herself especially interested in those ones, particularly a man in a grey suit who had very tan skin. He was perhaps 23 or 25 years old, if Katy had to make a guess. She couldn't put her finger on it, but somehow she found her eyes slipping towards him often. She had noticed him a few rows away from her, and to her satisfaction he was slowly moving in her direction, stopping to chat briefly with each of the girls. 

Finally this young man stopped in front of Katy's pedestal, staring up at her. To her surprise, he didn't seem to want to say anything to her, but it just so happened that no one else paid her any attention at the moment, so she turned towards him, smiling. 

"Very nice," he commended eventually, leafing through a small book of photographs of Katy. 

She suddenly found it was difficult for her to speak, although the matron instructed them to reply with something in case they were spoken to. That's why there was an awkward pause before she forced herself to say: 

"Um, thanks." 

Why was it suddenly so hard to speak? She was getting used to talking in small phrases over the past hour and a half, but suddenly Katy found herself thinking several times before answering. 

"So, are you a virgin?" he asked, seeming not to notice her inner struggle. 

"Yes, of course," Katy smiled. She was not at all clear about what that was supposed to mean, but the matron talked them through some of the common questions over the past week, and assured the girls that they were, indeed, all virgins. 

"So you've never came?" he asked. 

"Came where?" Katy was puzzled, hesitating slightly before answering. But the man only chuckled, as if enjoying a private joke. 

"So have you had an orgasm?" he rephrased bluntly. 

"Um, I don't know," Katy shook her head. Matron was very particular that this was the best answer to any question that they struggled with. Katy resolved to add, "I don't understand what you are talking about." 

"So innocent..." the man said, as if to himself. 

Of course he had already found out that none of the girls could answer those questions. It was his very first time at the wives auction, so he initially asked this questions to the girl he first spoke to. The men around him all laughed, explaining that these girls were as virgin as they could get. They didn't even know what sex was, didn't know what their vaginas were for. They were educated like that intentionally - husbands liked pure, innocent girls whom they could teach personally. 

Still, even though he knew, he asked those questions just to watch the reaction. It fascinated him. 

"So, what are you good at as a wife?" the young man spoke again. 

Now, that was an easy question. Katy smiled wider. 

"I will cook you delicious foods and will keep your home clean and looked after. If you buy me beautiful clothes I will wear them for you, and also..." 

"Stop," he waved his hand, making Katy's voice fade away awkwardly, "I've heard the same thing over twenty times already. What makes you a better wife than any of them?" he asked as he pointed to the rest of the girls. 

"Um..." Katy hesitated awkwardly. What did make her better? They all had the same education. They'd grown up together in the same environment. Aside from the looks, they did not differ much at all. 

"Um... Erm..." 

"That's what I thought," the man said, and started to walk away. 

Katy's heart dropped. What did make her a better wife to him? There was nothing, and still... She somehow felt bitter about how that conversation ended. She noticed him from far away, waited for him to come by, and now he was walking off. 

"Don't go..." she said quietly and weakly, knowing he had already lost his interest. 

Bur to her surprise, the man turned around and walked towards her again. She didn't think he would be able to hear her, but he had. 

"What did you say?" he asked, a hint of surprise on his face. 

Normally a woman would not ask a man to do things, so naturally he was surprised. As for Katy, she understood that she just messed up, forgetting herself for a brief moment. 

"Um..." she mumbled again, looking down at her hands, thinking rapidly what to say. She knew she had to say something quick, preferably something that would distract him from the audacity she had allowed herself. He asked her what made her a better wife than others before, didn't he? Her time was running out, and Katy couldn't think of anything to say, so she said the first thing that crossed her mind. 

"Um... I can make a funny face," she blurted. 

*** 

"Katy, sit down please," the matron spoke softly, as Katy entered her office. 

"Yes, ma'am." 

"Congratulations! You were bought by a very good man yesterday," the matron smiled warmly at her. 

Technically, this was a mere formality. The old matron didn't remember a single auction where any of the girls were left unwanted, but she still talked to every single one of the them in private. 

"Thank you, ma'am." 

"Tomorrow you will be delivered to his home. Remember to be a good and obedient wife to him." 

"Yes, ma'am." 

"You need to make sure he likes you, sweetheart. This is very important. Every year we have a few returns, and I'm afraid they can't be sold as private wives again after they've lost their virginity," the matron frowned, "You get only one go at it." 

"Yes, ma'am." 

"Your private things are all packed up already." 

In fact, those personal things were mainly self-care instruments and some cosmetics that the girls were provided with. Katy didn't have anything truly personal in the dormitory. 

"Your husband also asked that you remove hair from your armpits and between your legs," the matron instructed, "Do this before you go to sleep tonight." 

"Yes, ma'am." 

"And he also sent you this pill to take," the matron said. 

Katy took the small clear box with a single pill obediently. She didn't know what it was, but the old matron did. It was a pill that prevented pregnancy. It was an astonishingly expensive item, but not because it was particularly hard to make. Rather, in this female-deficit society, every month of girl's life was precious. Naturally, women would be pregnant for the majority of their adult lives, their purpose in life to have as many children as possible. The matron herself had given birth to forty-two children before her body could produce no longer. Among those, she had three daughters, which made her very proud. 

Only the most affluential people could afford to have a private wife for themselves. And even among those, only a rare person could afford to enjoy her without her being pregnant, by purchasing that pill. And each month after a girl bled, she will have to take another such pill, if her owner wanted to keep doing that. The one who bought Katy was a truly astonishing man, the matron sighed secretly. 

"Do you have any questions?" 

In fact, there was one thing that Katy was curious about. 

"Yes, ma'am, one. What is an orgasm?" 

The old matron started coughing suddenly, and Katy had to stand up to hit her on the back a few times. 

*** 

The very next morning the girls were all hugging each other and saying their goodbyes. They lived together for nineteen years, but finally it was time to part. They were each going their separate way and they would hardly ever meet again. Only if their new owners happened to be close friends would they occasionally have a chance to see each other, but the hope of that was slim. 

"I'm going to miss you so much," Katy said, hugging Ann tightly. 

They were friends all these years, but now it was time to move on. She felt bitter in her heart, but at the same time excited because she was being taken to live with her new owner, her husband and revered Master. 

Finally the time for goodbyes was over and Katy was ushered in a car, carrying only a small, light suitcase with her. She wore the same loose cloak she had worn on the day of auction, but this time she was dressed in a customary bride's outfit underneath. It was a set of white lingerie - stockings with a garter belt, lacy panties, and a lacy cotton chemise that was held together only by a single string, tied in a bow between her breasts. 

Katy was bouncing her leg nervously as she was driven towards the city and through its busy streets. Who was it that bought her? Would he be gentle to her? Will she be able to please him? All those questions bounced inside her head, making Katy rather anxious. 

Finally, they stopped in front of a lavish building made of glass and steel. There was a fountain in front of the entrance so beautiful that Katy wanted to look at it for hours. However she didn't dare to keep her new owner waiting, so she obediently followed her escort inside and towards the elevators. 

Every man she met on the way was staring at her jealously. The guards, the concierge, people on the street. These men could only dream of having a private wife like her, for them it was only fantasy. Only the richest and most influential people could afford a woman of their own. 
