 Daniel was leaning against the cruise ship's rail and looking out to sea it was a dark and shimmering sight in the full moon's bright light. He was all alone on this cruise, the romantic cruise he and his wife had always planned, but somehow had never taken. Now that he was widowed it somehow seemed he had to do this, to put his memories in their proper place and get on with his life. Daphne would want him to let go and finally move forward. As he stood there in his black tie and tux, it was the captain's dinner evening, he felt god awful alone. He sensed, rather than saw, a presence to his left. 

He turned slightly in that direction and saw the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She was very tall, at least two or three inches taller than his own six foot three inch frame. She was wearing a pearlescent white gown that went from off of her shoulders clear to the ship's shiny waxed wooden deck. The skin tight fit accented her voluptuous body. The shimmering light reflection from the dress gave her a slightly ghost like appearance.

She too was staring out across the darkened sea. Daniel let his eyes trace her body, from the deck to her hair and back to her feet. He saw the slim woman standing there had long slender legs, a nice curve at the hips, a tiny waist, medium sized breasts, long slender arms and neck. Perched atop her slim neck was an angel's face, framed by waist length golden blond hair a vision of Daniel's perfect woman. As he stared at her he thought she looked vaguely familiar to him.

Daniel briefly glanced back at the ocean and when he turned back to say good evening to her, she had vanished. Daniel looked about the deck and the nearest doorway was over a hundred feet away. He muttered out loud to himself,

"I must be hallucinating; there is no way she could have gotten out of sight that fast."

Daniel shrugged it off as one too many martinis and went back into the dinning hall. After dinner Daniel danced a few dances with some of the women at the Captain's party and finally headed for his stateroom. While he was descending the stairs to the deck his stateroom was on, he thought he caught a glimpse of the mysterious woman he had seen on the deck earlier in the evening. He followed her in the direction he thought she had gone. He thought he saw her s couple of more times before he completely lost her. Daniel gave up the pursuit after about 15 minutes and returned to his state room and went to sleep, dreaming of the luscious creature he thought he had seen.

About three AM Daniel awoke and looked out of his window and to his amazement there she was, standing out side of his state room, looking out at the early morning sea. He hurriedly threw on some clothes and exited his state room, only to find that the vision had vanished. He had gotten a much better look at her face this morning and he was sure that he knew her from somewhere, but where?

Every evening for the next three or four nights he saw her or caught a short glimpse of her. She was always lovely and just out of reach. During the day he searched the huge ship and questioned the other passengers and the crew. No one seemed to have seen her, just him. He was beginning to doubt his hold on reality.

It was the last night of the cruise and there was an all passenger dance in full swing. Daniel was there and having a pretty good time and had almost forgotten the mysterious blond woman. The final dance of the evening was about to begin and Daniel found himself without a partner. He was a bit tired anyway and was standing at the edge of the dance floor. He felt a soft touch on his shoulder. When he looked in that direction his heart nearly leaped from his chest. The mystery woman, who still looked vaguely familiar, was beside him and obviously wanted to dance the last dance with him.

When they embraced, for the dance, their bodies melded as if they were one. Even though she towered over him, their bodies fit like they had been designed to be a single organism. The only other woman that had fit against him like this was his dearly departed wife. The dance lasted far too short for Daniel. His year long suppressed male desires had come tumbling to the surface, but he was at a loss for words. He wanted to continue to be with this woman. When the music stopped and the pregnant silence was nearly unbearable the angel spoke,

"Would you like to go for an evening stroll on the deck topside?"

Daniel managed to nod his head in the affirmative and finally managed a hoarse,

"Yes"

During the walk Daniel found out nothing about the gorgeous woman at his side. He did not give up much information about himself, but she seemed to know everything about him. Even some things only his wife would have known. This made Daniel think that perhaps this beautiful creature was a friend of Daphne's. Finally the walk put them right in front of Daniel's state room. He invited her in and she accepted. Daniel poured each of them a glass of wine. When they entwined arms to toast, 

"A fine cruise and a great last evening."

Their eyes met and locked for several moments. They drained their glasses and threw them into the small fireplace. The distance between them disappeared and before Daniel knew it they were locked in a fiery embrace. Before long Daniel had his hands roaming her grand body and she was equally busy caressing his. When he pulled her dress down over her soft shoulders her breasts came into view and he planted his lips on an erect nipple. She moaned in pleasure. Whilst he devoured her nipple, Daniel removed her dress. When it dropped on the deck she kicked it free from her feet. She was completely nude, except for her shoes. When Daniel picked her up she kicked them off. He carried her to the small bunk and stretched her out on it. He stared at her as he removed his clothes. Where her long legs met, there was just a hint of blond hair. She licked her lips and parted her legs as an invitation for Daniel to join her.

Daniel got on the bed and took one slim leg in his hands and kissed the top of her foot. Slowly he kissed and caressed her legs moving with glacier like speed towards the fragrant pussy at their juncture. This lovely woman was totally silent as she caressed Daniel's back, urging him onward and upwards with her hands and body's movements.

When Daniel got to her pussy, it was ready and willing for his invading tongue. He licked all around the lips and tasted the sweet nectar he found there. Again he thought, 

"I know this tastes so familiar."

After a long while his dick ached for use. So, he got on his knees and placed the head of his dick at the entrance of her pussy. This mystery woman moved her hips into a very familiar position and with practiced precision, almost like she had fucked him many times before, took his whole dick in one smooth movement. Daniel thought he had found his wife's physical double. This gorgeous creature was moving with him as if she had done this many times before. When he closed his eyes he swore he had his dick deeply planted in Daphne. The longer he fucked her, the more he felt he was indeed fucking his departed wife. He was at once repulsed and excited. He pumped harder and harder and soon the lady was vocally urging him on, in a voice that he swore was Daphne's. She grabbed his nipples and twisted them in small circles and continued to pinch them harder and harder, just like Daphne did when she was close to Cuming. The woman forced Daniel to roll them over so she was on top, again the way Daphne liked to finish a love making session when she was extremely excited.

Just before Daniel exploded in her pussy, he opened his eyes. Daphne looked down at him and said,

"This is one last time, for old time's sake. Then I must go!"

She renewed her efforts as Daniel closed his eyes and exploded a geyser of cum. When he opened his eyes he discovered he was alone in his bunk. He had cum all over his stomach and a stiff hard on tightly grasped in both hands. Daniel looked around the room and could see no evidence of any other person in the room. He said to himself,

"I must be going crazy. I could have sworn I had a woman in here, and she metamorphosed into Daphne." 

He looked around the dimly lit room and saw there were indeed two wine glasses on the table and one of them had lipstick on the rim. He visually searched the room for more clues. In the dim light he could barely make out the glowing form of his wife Daphne.

She was dressed again and blew him a soft kiss and said,

"I still love you, but you need to let go and move on with your life."

Daniel, "I miss you, and I'll always love you!"

Daphne, "I know."

With that statement she simply dissolved into thin air.