 As soon as we reached the shore, almost all of the women were surrounding me, patting me on the back, smiling happily that I had won. It felt wonderful, yet I also felt terrible for cheating, despite the fact that my sister had done it to me. I followed my mother to the center of the village where two guards were standing at the ready to open the cage door for us. Once it was opened, they prodded the man out and moved him into the small hut that had been designed for this situation. My heart was racing and I felt weak with relief, fear and nervousness. My injured leg was throbbing, but my heart was joyous. But before I could go join my prize, my sister stopped me.

"Not so swiftly shall you go just yet." When she yanked my mask off of me, the look on her face was almost better than ten season's worth of harvesting. "Kyrja!" Her face became pale and she looked as if she were going to faint. I smirked at her and then pressed the mask back on my face, turning to our mother. 

"I am ready, Queen Hausta." I held my chin up, daring her to tell me I had not won my prize, but she smiled so briefly I nearly missed it and saw something akin to pride in her eye. She motioned to the cabin where Willhulm was waiting.

"Then claim your prize, sister, you earned it well." I felt bad at her words for a few moments as I walked slowly to the hut, ignoring the pats on the backs and rude comments about best positions and such. But before I could enter, Freyja grasped my arm and leaned in to me to whisper in my ear.

"I have lied to you, Kyrja. Forgive me." I stopped, startled at her words. What had she lied about? "When I told you the herbs were magic, it was a lie. I told it to you to give you confidence. And it looked as if it worked. I knew you could win without anything but belief in yourself." I blinked, taking in her shocking words. I had won on my own?

"The powder...?" I gasped softly.

"...Was simply chamomile. Good for tea, but not so much for winning an exhausting tourney. You have truly excelled today, Kyrja. I knew you could do it." She pecked me on the cheek and began to hobble away, leaving me in shock in her wake. I glanced ahead at the guard standing at the door, waiting for me, and braced myself in preparation for what was inside. When I entered, limping as I did, I took in the room. The fireplace was made of stone, but screened so that the males could not bring harm to themselves, the hut or their new mistress. There rested a huge grizzly bear hide rug on the floor in front of the fireplace. And in the background was a nice-sized bed made of pine postings with leather shackles at the head and foot of the soft mattress to keep the male submissive. Sitting on the bed, his back to me was my prize. Willhulm.

As I stood there, studying his bare back, he rose slowly and turned, glaring at me in sheer defiance. I was startled at first, but then remembered I was still in the competition top and loincloth as well as mask. My eyes were drawn to his body. He had been given simply a loincloth to wear, which accented the rest of his muscular frame. His arms and chest rippled at the slightest movement and I realized that blacksmithing must require quite a bit of strength, as he had the muscles from it.

"So, you are the winner, here to take your prize?" His voice was full of rebellion and I smirked underneath my mask. "Why do you hide your face from me?" I opted to toy with him a little and began to slowly circle him. 

"Aye, I am your new mistress." I said the words softly so that I would not give my voice away if he recognized it. "And I am not hiding my face; I am playing a game with you." He leaned in a little, confused and curious. "If you can tell me my name, Willhulm, I will take off my mask."

"Hmm." He began to scratch his hairy chin, thinking of a name that could fit a Valkyrie champion living in the middle of a jungle. As he began to form a random name in his mouth, he blinked at me in shock, realizing he had given no one his name. But me.

"If I were to say 'Kyrja'," he asked, clasping his hands behind his back and circling me now. "Would I be far from the truth?" Without letting me answer, the man pushed my mask off of my face and laughed. "Kyrja? You won the tourney?" I nodded proudly; especially proud now that I knew I had done it without cheating. He grasped my hand and pulled me to the bear rug beneath us. "You must tell me how you did it!" I winced when my leg brushed against the rug, which made him look down. "Oh, no. Your leg. It looks quite painful." He reached out to touch it, but refrained, worried about hurting me further.

As we sat, dining on fruit and fruit juice left for us to enjoy, I explained about the mask and how it had probably saved me from the wrath of my sister, but not so much since she had almost cost me dearly. I told him of every event and the things I went through and the things running through my mind. When I told him about my sister lifting my mask and her reaction, we both burst into laughter. 

"Oh Kyrja, I wish I had seen it. I am certain it would have been side-splitting." He smiled warmly and then looked at me almost as if seeing me in a different light, and not just the one from the fireplace. The heat was making me a little drowsy, but I fought it, enjoying spending time with the man. "How did you do it? How could you go through all of that and have the courage to finish?" 

I blushed profusely at his question, knowing the answer, but went forward with my reply.

"You." I saw the confusion on his face. "Anytime I drew close to giving up, I just thought about my sister mistreating you. It encouraged me to put more effort in, so that she would not be put in that position." I blushed again, knowing how it made me sound weak. But I saw some sort of glimmer in his eye as he reached out and stroked my cheek gently. I shuddered at his touch; it felt so nice. 

"So," Willhulm's voice was low, sultry. "What are you going to do with your prize now that you have won him?" His other hand went to my other cheek and he pulled me slightly forward as he leaned forward himself until our lips touched. I pulled back, as if struck, my fingertips going to my lips. Confusion was clear on his handsome face as I did. "I am sorry, did I hurt you?" 

I shook my head, regretting my actions. I was mature enough to be with the man I had won. I was confused myself at why I was acting so shyly around him. 

"I...I am sorry. I do not know why I am acting this way." I felt my face heat up and wondered what was in the juice as I was being extremely ridiculous. I realized I was trembling and knew that if the night were to proceed as it should, I would have to get a hold on my nervousness and stop being so utterly shy. I watched as he stretched out on the rug, patting his tummy. 

"You can rest your head here, if you would like." I complied and enjoyed the feeling as he ran his hand across my hair and forehead, down my cheek, completely relaxing me. His hand reached out and stroked my arm, and I found myself drifting to sleep. 

I woke a little while later to soft fingers brushing against my cheek and realized I was staring up at Willhulm as he stroked my face. My head was resting in his lap and he helped me up on my own when I made the motion to move. I let him pull me backwards so that my back was resting comfortably against his chest and sighed softly, enjoying the touch and contact. It was worth all of the struggles of the day just for this one moment.

"Are you cold?" He asked upon seeing goose-bumps where his hand brushed my arms and I shook my head, unwilling to tell him that his touch was sending shivers down my spine. I closed my eyes when he brushed my hair away from my neck and began to place little tiny fluttery kisses there. Unable to help myself I turned my head and let him kiss my lips, and I found myself truly enjoying the touch. 

I let him pull me onto his lap, and almost naturally I wrapped my arms around his neck and let him kiss me more. Our kisses deepened, so did the quickening of my pulse and the beating of my heart. I felt such an odd fluttery feeling in my gut but did not want him to stop kissing me; I had worked hard for his kisses! When he slid his tongue into my mouth, I had to keep myself from pulling back in surprise. It was not unpleasant though, so I remained still until he pulled his tongue back out and pressed his lips onto my cheek, then neck, trailing downward. When he stopped, I felt a loss, but realized that there was no hurry. He would kiss me again -- he was mine! Carefully he deposited me back onto the rug and looked worriedly at my leg. 

"It looks so painful." He murmured softly, pushing me down gently so that I was on my back, on the soft rug, staring up at him. "I do not want to hurt you any further, Kyrja." I nodded, understanding his hesitation, but I was beyond the pain now. I reached for and grasped his hand, bringing it to my lips. I put several kisses on the palm before he closed his hand over mine and brought it down. Once his hands were freed, he took the opportunity to unfasten the ties on the front of my tunic until they were loosened and he was able to spread my tunic apart, freeing my breasts from underneath. I saw the admiration in his eye and wondered what it would be like when he entered me. Would it hurt? Would it feel pleasureful? I could not wait to have him lead me to paradise.

"Am I correct in assuming you have never been with a man before, beauty?" His eyes bored into mine and I nodded, blushing from the thought of being so inexperienced as well as his sweet term of endearment.

"I have only been with one woman before, Kyrja. She was a harlot my brother had hired for me, so I only know of my experiences from that one time. I might not be the best to lead you down the path of pleasure. But I am willing to try." His mouth twisted into a smile. "If you promise not to blind or kill me once I father you a child, that is." I nodded, hoping he could see the honesty within. I was not teasing him or lying to him; I would free him before that would or could ever happen. He must have seen the truth as he brought his hand back down and began to touch me, stroking my cheek, neck and breast. As his fingertips brushed against the nipples of each, I gasped almost inaudibly as they did. The sensation was incredible! I did not want him to stop, and so closed my eyes as he touched and rubbed and stroked. 

When I felt the most incredible feeling I had to pop my eyes open to see what he was doing to me. His tongue was swirling in a circle around my left nipple, which was standing up tall and as large as I had ever seen it in my lifetime. I gasped in pleasure, feeling a burst of liquid beneath my loincloth, and I knew there was no possible way I could ever get any more aroused than I was at that point. But I was wrong on that.

He shifted to the other nipple to give equal treatment and our eyes locked. I saw within his expression a look of lust and of appreciation and I knew that in bringing me pleasure, it was bringing him pleasure - a truly selfless thing despite being forced into the position he was in now.

I wanted to bring him pleasure as well, but was uncertain how so I reached out and stroked his hair with a hand as he began to suckle on the nipple that was his current focus. The sensation was amazing and it just seemed to go on and on, the fluttering in my belly constant. I heard a low guttural moan coming from somewhere and understood it to be from my throat. It was interesting the sort of reaction the man was bringing from me, feelings I had never felt before were coming to the surface and I realized with a start that I did not want the night to end. I watched him as he attempted to untie my loincloth, but failed and so I had mercy on him after a few moments of his fumbling and unwrapped it for him, freeing myself so that I was lying before him completely naked.

When Willhulm shook his head, I wondered if he was displeased with what he saw. I was about to ask, but he spoke first.

"Your body is what my dreams are made of, Kyrja." He shook his head again, taking in my body from head to toe before reaching out and stroking my flat belly. He tickled me lightly, causing me to laugh, and I understood why -- I was tense and nervous. Appreciating his thoughtfulness, I closed my eyes and gulped softly, waiting for him to do with me what he wanted. 

" Kyrja?" I opened my eyes, showing I was listening. "May I touch you in your most private place?" I nodded hesitantly, knowing it was probably something he needed to do. Something I wanted to experience -- I wanted it all. But nothing prepared me for the sensation of his touch. I could not help but arch my back and gasp as he gently rubbed between my legs gently. It was incredible!

When I felt his fingers slide inside of me, and yet more pressure on the outside, I began to moan and spasm. My body was out of control! But what happened next nearly drove me mad. I felt an incredible burst of pleasure, so much so that the room grew dark and I saw little pinpoints of light as I exploded within my body. 

"Oohhhhhhhh!" I shrieked, unable to help myself and I grasped the nearest thing I could hold, which was his arm. I squeezed probably a little too hard, but he did not remove my hand and let me continue to shriek and moan in pleasure until I could not handle his hands between my legs for the sensitivity. He seemed to understand and moved his hands to his side while I panted, relaxing from my incredible pleasureful experience. 

As he stood, I watched him, curious as to his next moves and was unable to blink or even twitch, when he began to drop his loincloth. When his manhood sprung free, I know my eyes had grown wide, but it was simply because although I had seen animals in the wild and knew what to expect, I was completely taken unaware at the sight of such a long and thick piece of flesh on a human. It was standing tall and fully formed, leaning a little to the right. It bobbed a little as he lowered himself down and I shook my head slightly, completely unsure of how he could possibly get such a large thing inside of me. His lips found mine and he lay upon me, being mindful of my injured leg as he did. Our lips moved together as if dancing to a rhythm all of their own and I felt his hands stroking my hips as he prepared himself.

"This is going to be quite painful for you, I am sorry to say, Kyrja." His voice was husky, full of desire and arousal and I know mine sounded quite similar when I replied.

"I understand. I feel as if it is important for this to be completed though. It is not such a bad thing for you to have pleasure." He nodded and smiled slightly, kissing me once more as he shifted his body in place, spreading my legs apart as he did. His finger went once more into my private place, as he prepared it to receive him and as he thrust into me, he continued to rub my sensitive spot, which made the pain and pleasure mix. I screamed out as he began to push his way inside of me, unsure if those listening on the outside would come rushing in to see if I were dying. Once he was fully inside, he stopped moving, looking down at my face with concern and care. 

I smiled up at him, wondering if we were done. Was his seed inside of me now? Would I conceive? He stroked my hair as he continued to stare, a worried look on his handsome face.

"Kyrja? Are you all right?" I felt such joy at his concern. For being coerced into something like this, the male was certainly treating me well. I nodded and wondered if at some point we could do it again. As he slowly withdrew from within me, I scrunched up my eyes, as it felt really good. When he thrust in again, though, I was unprepared and felt myself clench, every muscle went into the throes of pleasure. Back out he came and continued to do this until I thought the world would tilt upside down and spill us out of it's grip. He pushed into me and out a few more times until I felt as if I were unable to contain the explosion I felt, which was even greater than when he had put his finger within me. He began to suck in his breath deeply, grasping the bear's hide under us as he scrunched up his own eyes in what looked to be extreme pain. I felt a strange sensation as if he were pulsing inside of me as he let out a thick moan and understood that he must have reached his own pleasureful high as had I. 

Willhulm relaxed on top of me for a few moments, his body twitching as did mine and I felt an incredible sense of well-being and contentment from our lovemaking. He lie upon me for a while, and I might have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew, I was being lifted and put into the bed. The woolen sheet was pulled over my body as he joined me, wrapping his arms around my waist and nuzzling my neck, while holding me tightly to his warm body. I curled around him and drifted into a pleasure-filled sleep. 

To wake with someone cradling your body in their arms I discovered to be the most pleasant way to wake. As I stirred, I felt his movement indicating he was waking or awake already and I smiled as Willhulm squeezed me lightly in greeting for the day. I slowly rolled over so that I was facing him, resting my head on my elbow. I knew I could not remain this way for long as my leg was throbbing in pain, but it was worth studying his sleep-filled face as he attempted to wake fully. I reached out and stroked his face, touching the stubble on his cheeks with curiosity. Being this close to a man, after never seeing one so near, was intriguing and I could not get enough of looking at him, of touching his skin.

He grinned at me, his dark brown eyes glowing as he grasped my hand and brought it to his lips and then pulled it down to his chest, pressing it over his heart. I mirrored his smile until he began to move my hand lower. Once he had moved my hand to his manflesh, he wrapped my fingers around it. Was it always so hard? I ran my fingers around it as he closed his eyes and I wondered if he were going to sleep. His sharp intake of breath from time to time as I stroked the tip and then down the shaft of it, told me he was quite awake. 

"You do not have to be so gentle with it, beauty. It will not break." At his words I nodded and began to grip the shaft tighter, pulling upward as if it were inside of me as I remembered it being. Just the thought of the night before sent my body into a frenzy, and I felt a wetness beginning to flow from between my legs, aroused again.

At one point, he leaned in and pressed his lips against mine and pulled me onto his body so that I was staring down at his mahogany eyes. 

"You are so beautiful, Kyrja." He pulled my head down so that he could kiss me as he reached down between my legs and stroked me. I gasped, of course, as it felt wonderful.

It did not take him long to remove my hand from his manly member and slide my body upon it, almost as if impaling me with it. I wanted to giggle at the thought but the ecstasy that it sent me into erased all thoughts of humor and once again I found myself shrieking with glorious pleasure. Wave after wave of spasms of passionate enjoyment rocked my body and I felt myself fold under the pressure, collapsing on his chest.

"Kyrja? Are you unwell?" His voice was full of pain for me and I nodded to alleviate any worry. 

"My leg is swollen, but I feel wonderful." I did not want to stop and so I attempted to climb upon him again, but Willhulm had other ideas. He rolled me gently onto my knees, wound side out, and lifted my buttocks in the air, climbing onto his own knees. Like this, on the bed, he mounted me as if he was a mating bull and once again I nearly giggled until he slid into me, piercing me with his passion and thick mansex. If I had thought I had felt pleasure before, this new position brought me to tears, it was that intense and we soon both were shrieking and moaning in unison as we burst into a pleasure-filled climax. I collapsed, with him on top of me but off to the side so that he was not bearing the weight upon me. 
