 "Kyrja?" I was frozen in shock until the masculine voice of Willhulm broke through my haze, snapping me back to the spinning earth. I limped to my lover's side and began to hurriedly untie the straps the held him down, rushing as if the world would implode upon me at any moment. Once I removed the last tie, I nearly collapsed upon the bed, weeping for my sister's life that I had just taken. Willhulm gathered me into his arms, wrapping them tightly around my body to console me, but I was inconsolable. 

"I k-k-killed her." I cried, burying my head in his shoulder as I did. He rocked me gently, rubbing my back to try and comfort me as best as he could. After I had recovered somewhat, I stared at his naked form, full of relief that my sister had not touched him except with her mouth. It was selfish, and she was dead, but I wanted him to myself.

"I have to get you away from here." I snapped back to the problem at hand, mind working furiously for answers and solutions. I could claim I had killed Hildy, but I doubted my mother would believe me and that meant Willhulm's life was in danger. I chewed on my lip, tugging at his arm, but he stopped me.

"I must dress first, Kyrja." I saw the logic in his words but was distressed that I would have to have him leave without me. He slid on his loincloth and boots, slinging a vest over his chest that was resting on the edge of the bed, and turned to me. "All right, let us flee this place." 

I shook my head at his urgent words. "Nay, I cannot leave." I saw the look of pain in his face, feeling it within my heart.

"You are staying?" 

"I must. The wolven mounts could find you. I shall distract as long as it takes to let you get free." He wrapped me within his arms and sighed heavily hearted, which I echoed in my own sigh. 

"I will never forget you, beauty." I fought the tears as he spoke the soft words to me as I led him to the door, staring out into the sun's rays. It was noon, so that meant most of the village should have been in the square preparing for the noon meal. It was as good as any of a time during the day to have to flee. I ran with him, dashing into the forest's edge, running until I led him to a brook that ran for a long way. I pointed to the water.

"Take this brook and run within it as much as you can. It will mask any scent so the wolves cannot track you." I let him pull me into his arms and once again found tears flooding my face as we said our final words.

"I will never forget you." He repeated and I could only nod, feeling as if a part of my heart was leaving with him as he dashed downstream.

I hurried back to the hut, making it inside without being seen and tucked myself away in a corner of the room after gagging and tying Sheba to the bed to buy Willhulm some time. I curled my body into a ball and wept for how poorly the way things had become. I could not believe that he was gone! I felt so alone and found myself falling into a troubled sleep as I waited to be discovered. It was during the time when the guard would have been replaced that the newly appointed guard had entered, curious about the lack of the current guard she was there to relieve. I barely heard her horrified screams of discovery and was in a daze when two of the stronger women lifted me up and carried me to my own room, depositing me gently upon my bed. I could hear my mother weeping in the distance, and although she was in the same cabin as me, it sounded as if she was so far away. 

"Kyrja?" I heard a soft voice calling and felt a warm hand upon my forehead, which made me open my eyes and stare up into the concerned face of my mother. "Kyrja, daughter, only daughter I have now, please tell me everything. How did your man prize kill your sister and escape? Did you attempt to capture him? Did he harm you?" Her questions were asked so rapidly I could not answer them all, so I focused on the one that was important to me.

"He has fled. He is far, far from here by now, mother." My voice was resigned and I closed my eyes, willing away the world and the memories. I must have drifted away to sleep, attempting to avoid what had happened, because it was nightfall when I opened my eyes and staggered out of the cabin. The village was in a flurry of activity and I knew why -- we were making an exodus to our winter village. I stumbled back to my cabin, lacking any heart or strength to help pack and gather items to take. 

"Kyrja!" I stopped and turned to face Sheba. She looked upset and angry, so I braced myself, uncertain if I had the strength to fight her if it came to it. She did nothing but stare hard at me. "What happened when you knocked me to darkness?" I kept my mouth closed, not caring to answer. She reached out and touched my cheek, which caused me to yank back as if she had burned me. "Your sister, I cared very deeply for her." She stepped closer, but stopped when I sent her a warning glare. "I could come to feel the same about you..." Her words nearly sent me into a furious frenzy, but I managed to control myself. 

"Get out of my way." I snarled with a clenched jaw, shoving past her angrily. I threw myself down upon my bed, knowing that by nightfall the next day we would be leaving and I might never see the cabin again. I decided a move was a good change and drifted into sleep, preparing to spend my last day in mourning for my sister.

But my sleep was interrupted by feminine screams and the smell of burning pine. They came just at dawn, a surprise as we were expecting it during the nights to come, not so soon. As I dashed out of the burning cabin, I froze when I saw men in armor and swords, slashing and hacking their way through my fellow Valkyries. The women were putting up a valiant fight and I dodged my way through the mass of twisted flesh and metal to grasp a fallen soldier's sword and join in the fray. I fought fiercely, downing quite a handful of solo men before I saw my mother in the distance surrounded by three swordmen. She was holding them off with the ceremonial spear and I knew she would not have the stamina to last with three fighting her, so I dashed her way as swiftly as my leg would let me go.

"Mother!" I cried out, attempting to fight them, but they were too strong and after being slashed in my arm and ribcage, I was overcome by the men and thrown onto my side. Rusty metal shackles were clasped around my legs and my wrists as I watched two new men do the same for mother. Once they had us linked, they began to add more and more of the surviving Valkyries. We had lost. It was over.

When the sun rose fully, I found myself pulled into a clearing, well away from the licking flames and thick plumes of smoke of our destroyed village. I whimpered when we passed the corral that held my family's wolves, all slaughtered. My eyes landed upon Mist's beautiful black body, now lying still in the dirt, and I felt a tear trickle down my face at her loss. Never again would I feel her tongue lick my face or hear her playful bark-like sounds as she danced around me, begging me to ride her through the meadows. I stumbled, my leg throbbing angrily, and scurried to my feet quickly as men were walking beside me and would smack me with the flat part of their swords if I faltered. 

Once we were arranged in the meadow, the leader walked the line, staring at each of us as if we were livestock. His belly was round and I knew this one loved the pleasures that came with living in luxury and high status. 

"What about this one, Magistrate?" One of his companions grasped one of the women roughly by her chin and pushed her back, laughing as he said, "I would bed her with no hesitation." The leader, this Magistrate fellow, nodded lustfully, moving down the line. I cringed when they got to my mother. 

"You." The Magistrate pointed at her and then grasped her breast roughly, which evoked quite a bit of anger from her minions, myself included. I struggled against my bonds fiercely, growling at the men.

"She is leader, yes?" The portly man turned to his companions, who all nodded in agreement. "Well, we shall set precedence for these wenches." He pulled out his long saber and pressed it into her chest, never ceasing to stare into her eyes as he did. 

"Noooooo!" I cried out, reaching for my mother as she fell to her knees groaning in pain. I felt such anguish at her loss and heard the weeping of my fellow Valkyries as their beloved queen breathed her last breaths at the feet of our enemy. "I shall kill you myself!" I bellowed, struggling against my bonds to reach his thick neck, my eyes bulging with fury. My anger drew his attention though and he turned to face me, eyeing me up and down as he did.

"This one. Now, she has promise. I like the fire; I would wager she is an animal in bed." He reached out to grasp me, going for my chest, but never made it as I snapped at him, biting a big chunk out of his palm as I did. He wanted an animal? He had one! "Owww! You sow! You foul wench! You shall pay for that!" He continued to curse me as his other hand slammed into my cheek in retribution. He turned to his two cronies and barked, "Strip her now!" I felt my eyes widen as I realized what was about to happen. I struggled against their grasping hands as they tore at my leathers, pulling my tunic away and then my loincloth until I stood naked before them, attempting feebly to cover myself with my shackled hands. 

"Nice." The Magistrate grinned at my exposed body as he let one of his men wrap his hand where I had bitten him. "I shall let you men take turns with this one. Kill her when you are all well satisfied. The others we shall sell as slaves." He turned his back on me and went to where they had set up a small table with fruit and drinks, letting one of his pages pour him a cup while he sat in the chair provided and watched. I snarled in defiance as three men dropped their swords and approached me with a hungry look on their grinning faces. I would fight them with all I had! I would not let them touch me as long as I was conscious. 

The first one to reach me attempted to grasp my hair but my mouth was snapping at his hand. He yanked back, unwilling to have his flesh removed like his master and growled in frustration. I knew they would have to work in harmony and so that meant I had very little time before they would claim my body as their own. I would move my mind to a far away place if that happened, not giving them the satisfaction of crying out. 

"Stop!" A masculine voice rang out as they prepared to spring upon me, and all three turned to look at the newcomer. I was so incensed that I ignored the man walking to join them, not caring that they would fight over me. Everyone paused, still glaring at the interruption, watching the new man walk to the Magistrate, who had stopped sipping his drink to stare up at the tall one. "She is mine. I told you this, Magistrate. It was part of our deal." My heart began to flutter at the sound of Willhulm's voice and I gasped when his words registered in my head. He had brought the men to the village? 

"Well, now, Smithy, I do not know if we can honor our agreement upon seeing her beauty. After all, we did provide you with the cottage and acres for you to grow whatever you wanted there. Surely that is enough." The man who had shared my bed with me turned his back to me and spoke in softer tones.

"I traded the Valkyrie village for the cottage and for her. The cottage was for her, Magistrate. What purpose would I have in living there alone? I could stay with the Master Smith, if that were the case." But the Magistrate simply shrugged. 

"Fine, fine. You can purchase her from me. She is mine now." He snapped his chubby fingers at the men, who frowned in frustration and disappointment, picking up their swords and fastening their pants. I stood panting, my focus solely on the man I had felt such attraction and devotion to, now my enemy. I hated him, building up the fury within for what he had done. If he were to come near, I would have attempted to take his hand off as well, but he never once looked at me, the coward.

"How much? I am not a wealthy man, but whatever it takes." Willhulm began to haggle with the fat man, as if I were some animal to be purchased along with pigs and sheep. The Magistrate saw nothing but dollar signs in me and set my price high, from the sound of Willhulm's angry words. "That is unreasonable! I am offering you back the cottage and my entire purse and anything else I can make in the next three seasons. How do you expect me, a mere journeyman blacksmith, to make that sort of coin?" I was pleased that he was having such a difficult time, but also realized that if he could not afford me, some possibly mean and filthy rich man could instead. Whether I liked it or not, Willhulm held the keys to my future. 

"Fine then, if she means that much to you, Smithy, I will take the cottage, FOUR seasons worth of your coin and anything else you happen to come along that you deem worthy." Willhulm sighed loudly, nodding, and turned to look at me, finally. I was ready to scratch him, bite him and do what it took to make him regret his actions, but the sorrow in his face almost quenched the fires of anger. He walked to me quickly and put his cloak around me, to cover my body. "Unleash her now." He snapped at the nearest guard, pointing to my shackles. 

I held my hands out, eager to be free as they would find my wrath very soon. But before the guard twisted the key into the lock, Willhulm leaned down to me and whispered, "Please do not do anything to get yourself killed. I already regret everything I have done to you and your village. Do not let your death be on my head as well, Kyrja." I forced myself to nod and waited patiently for the guard to twist the key.

As soon as I was free, I launched myself onto Willhulm, ignoring the twin cuts on my body and the wounded leg. I had only one intention -- making the man pay for the destruction of my village and the death of my mother. I began to assail him with all I had, his cloak flying off of my body so that my bareness was on display. At that point I did not care about anything except retribution.

"Ow, ow, Kyrja stop!" He held up his hands defensively, not fighting back as I kicked, scratched and bit him in various places on his body. The guards surrounded us and began to hoot and cheer me on, laughing each time I gouged him or took a chunk of his flesh with my mouth. 

Finally, he could not take it any longer and forcefully knocked me to the ground. I had grown weary from the exertion and blood loss, so that was the only way he was able to do so as I was as a she-devil as the men surrounding us called me. I gasped for my breath, attempting to save up energy so I could go at him again and he tossed the cloak down upon me so that I was covered once more, much to the disappointed groans of the men.

"Please stop, Kyrja, I do not want to hurt you any more than you are." He reached a hand down to help me up, but I angrily slapped it away, climbing to my feet on my own. I wrapped the cloak about me and stood shaking, my anger overwhelming me. Willhulm shook his head sadly and reached for my hand, only to have it slapped again.

"Kyrja, stop fighting me! I am trying to save your life." He tried to reason with me, looking uneasily over his shoulder at the smirking Magistrate.

"Save my life?" I cried out indignant. "Save my life? If you had not brought these beasts to my home, I would not have any need for your saving!" He held out a hand, and I pushed it away. He held out his other and I pushed it away. We did this a few times until the Magistrate stood to his feet.

"Mayhaps you should hog-tie the wench, hmm? Shall I have my men help?" His voice held much humor, which angered me even further. I knew I must have looked like a beast, but I did not care. All I wanted was retribution and to get my sisters freed. 

Willhulm frowned at the Magistrate and noted with alarm four guards drawing close, smiles lit upon all four faces and turned to me urgently. I knew I would garner trouble if I continued, but I was too angry to stop myself. 

"Look to the sun, Kyrja. See how high it reaches in the sky?" He pointed upward and so I followed his gaze. It was a ploy to distract me. I did not see his fist fly swiftly at my face until it was too late and I felt excruciating pain lance throughout my body, sending me into complete darkness as I collapsed into his arms.

When I woke, my head was spinning and I found myself tied with a soft rope that encompassed my hands and feet. Not too far from me stoking a small fire was Willhulm. I glanced about me to note we were in a clearing alone, with night falling rapidly around us.

"What have you done?" I gasped, fear lacing my spine for my Valkyrie sisters. Where were they? Willhulm's head shot my direction and he dropped the log to push me back down on my back. 

"Please refrain from moving, Kyrja." His voice was soft, full of anxiety. I knew he feared my escape, but he had to know that was the only thing on my mind. "I am taking you back to my village. I do not know if my master will let me keep you with me in my small room or not, but if so, we must come to an accord, you and I." 

I moved my head back and forth defiantly, stubbornly refusing to agree with anything the foul man would suggest. "Please, Kyrja, do not make this more difficult than it is. Do you not know how sorry I am for leading them to your village?" I heard sadness in his voice, but did not trust it to be truthful. "I could not let any more men become victims to the Valkyries, Kyrja. Not many of them are like you. If they were, I would never have considered doing such a thing. I know you think I betrayed you, but I do not feel it is right to capture men just to breed with them and then kill them off when you are done and emptied of their seed. It is not right. Do you understand?" I glared at him, holding my tongue until his jibber-jabber was done. "Of course you do not." He sighed softly, attempting to put his hand on my head, but I snapped at him, unable to help myself.

Angry now, frustrated at my stubbornness, Willhulm pulled out a thick cloth and inserted it into my mouth, tying it tightly at the back of my head, gagging me. "If you are going to act like an animal, Kyrja, then I will treat you like one." His tone was sullen and I knew I was now his prisoner. I did not trust him to not misuse me, and so I harbored as much bitterness and anger towards him that I could muster. I struggled against my bonds, screaming as loudly as I could over and over again at him, while he attempted to ignore me. I fought with all I had in me and promised him with my angry glare that I would never stop. He tied my rope off to a tree to make certain I did not have a chance to flee and relaxed upon his side, turning his back to me. I struggled and pulled at the rope as much as I could and when I tired, I rested until I could do it all over again. I would not stop. I promised my mother I would avenge her and if that meant killing him, I would. 

I must have tired myself completely out as I woke to feel a soft touch upon my forehead. I started to fight but when I saw the face of Sheba, staring down at me with a haggard look on her face, I stilled myself instantly. Using a dagger, she cut my gag first and then began to work on the thick ropes around my hands. I glanced over my shoulder and saw Willhulm sleeping, his back still to me and continued to keep vigil while she sliced into the ropes. Finally I was freed and I grasped her arm in thanks, looking to Willhulm in thought, wondering what to do with him. I held my hand out for her dagger, which she complied with and motioned for her to gather the ropes, which she did. I crept softly to the man and pressed the dagger to his throat, signaling her to tie him. He woke with a start and then noted my face with alarm, struggling to sit up until he felt the sharp edge of the dagger at his throat. 
