 "Kyrja?" I looked behind me to note with pleasure the spear that my mother always had carried was now whole. When we had found it on our way to the winter village, it had grieved me to find it in two pieces, a gift from the Magistrate and his soldiers, no doubt.

I held my hand out, after removing it from my swollen belly, and grasped the spear tightly within my palm. It was light, yet sturdy and it felt right for me to hold it. It had taken so many months to rebuild our clan, with most of the Valkyries saved being so young, but they had taken to training very swiftly and were ready for revenge soon. I smiled at the thought of twenty bloodthirsty Valkyries attacking a village of the men who had attempted to destroy us and knew without a doubt it would not be easy. I knew we had to be victorious -- there was no option for failure.

"I hope it is a female." Sheba had come up behind me and wrapped her arms around my waist, caressing the bulge there carefully. I let her touch me in such a manner, despite not allowing her into my bed, because it kept her favor. Sheba was a strong ally to have and I did not want to set her against me in any manner. There were times at night I found myself so lonely in the large cabin of the queen that I thought I might reconsider her frequent offer and bed her, but I just could not allow myself to think of her or any woman in that way. I knew it disappointed her, but fortunately for me, it did not harm our friendship or her respect for me and my leadership.

I unwound her arms from about me and turned to her, staring into her pretty face.

"It will not be such a bad thing for it to be a boy, Sheba." My words startled her, but I was expecting her reaction. 

"What do you mean?" 

"I mean, I shall not let any harm come to him if it is a boy." I let my eyes pierce hers. "I know what my mother would do to newborn males, Sheba. I knew she had them destroyed and called it 'the sickness'. I am not my mother and that will not happen evermore. Understood?" She nodded, her face turning a little green when she realized what I was saying. I was surprised she did not know, but then again, she would never be one to have a man inside of her. 

"Let us gather the women together? I would talk to them." I watched as she nodded and ran off to follow my request.

As I held the spear tightly in my grasp with my main hand, I let my other slide back to my belly. I would deliver in a season and so was uncertain how I would fight being so heavy with child. I often thought of my baby's father, missing his arms around me. He had treated me very well, except for his betrayal. I sighed softly, wistfully wishing he were standing beside me, telling me soft words to ease my anxiety and worry. I took in a deep, relaxing breath and went to where the majority of the women stood, waiting for me. I climbed upon the barrel, with Sheba's help, and spoke to them. I could see the tension in each face as I did.

"Today is important, sisters." I told them, "Today we will gain our revenge on those who hurt us and took what was not theirs. We shall extract vengeance for every loved one they took and for everything vile they did to us." I glanced at the young one who had been raped by the guard and saw the anger and determination in her eye. It made me proud that she had not let the experience turn her weak but instead had made her strong.

"We will not stop until we have our justice, even if that means the last chapter of the story of the Valkyries is finished. Be strong, sisters, we fight to death or we fight to life -- either way, our lives shall not be compromised!" I lifted my new spear high and yelled a warcry, smiling inside of myself when the entire village repeated the cry, calling out as one. 

As we loaded up our pack animals, domesticated elk that were swift of feet and strong of back, I took one last look at the village. It had treated us well over the last two seasons. I was sad to leave it, as I was uncertain if we would return to it alive. But it was important, this thing we were to do and so our journey to the village of the men who had assaulted and destroyed our main village began. We walked for many days until reaching the outskirts of the village that we knew to house the Magistrate. I had sent scouts to trade, dressing them as simple women from the village, making certain they were hunched over to hide their tallness. It had taken several journeys to locate the right village, but once we did, our true purpose was set. Revenge would soon be ours.

We awaited nightfall, using the darkness to cover and hide us as we made our way to the correct house that belonged to the Magistrate. It was more like a palace and his guards were plentiful. We managed to dispatch any that got in our way, making our way into the main centre of the home. When we reached the Magistrate's chambers, to find him not sleeping, but in the arms of two women, my justice was swift and he died to my mother's spear while I stared at him in the eye. Ignoring the screaming women, I left his bloated naked body lying in fast-pooling blood for the village to see. I should have felt victorious but instead I felt hollow inside. 

We nearly escaped unnoticed until one of the guards had downed a Valkyrie he was fighting and ran, alerting the entire village to our presence. We attempted to dash into the jungle, hoping to evade capture, but the guards of the village soon caught up to us. My girls and I turned, knowing this was our last fight, our last battle. 

As I stared at the guards surrounding us, my heart held no fear. I knew we had accomplished our great goal and could die content. My mother and fellow Valkyries who had died had been avenged. But they made no motion to harm us. Yet. We were numbered at thirteen now and there were more than forty guards surrounding us. It would be a swift end, if they would attack. I lifted my spear into the night's sky and hollered, "Valkyries live with no man's thumb to rule over us!" As I said the words, I felt something bite into my shoulder and gasped, turning my head to see a crossbow bolt's fletching sticking out from my shoulder. The force had caused me to drop my spear and I felt shamed. I reached down to lift the spear with my other hand, but was hit with another bolt in the opposite shoulder of the first. 

The men surrounding us began to laugh at my agony as sweat began to pour from my forehead caused by the excruciating pain. I knew my belly was probably next and wanted to weep for the innocent babe that would be lost. I watched as Sheba launched herself in front of me, to protect me from further harm and appreciated her gesture. Before I could put my hands on her shoulders to guide her away, a bolt thwacked into her, forcing the Valkyrie backwards. Sheba died in my arms, after gasping a few moments from the bolt lodged in her throat. 

"Stop fighting like cowardly men that you are! Send me one warrior! Just one! If he bests me, we will surrender and you can do with me what you will!" It was the only way I knew to die with dignity -- fighting. But the one who stepped forward, his ornate blade whistling through the air, was not who I expected.

"I will take that fight." Willhulm moved to stand opposite of me, his eye never leaving my swollen abdomen. 

"Willhulm." I breathed softly, in shock that he would offer to fight me. It sent barbs far more painful than the two bolts in my shoulders into my heart, and knew without a doubt that he had been my enemy from the start. Suddenly the baby inside of my womb was something I would not have wanted had I been offered a choice now. He leaned over and picked up my spear, tossing it behind him and went to one of the soldiers, gathering a sword and brought it to me, holding the blade in his hand as he held out the hilt for me.

I glowered at him as I somehow found the strength to slide my hand onto the hilt and pull it gently back, taking care not to slice him; I wanted him unscathed for when I ended his life in battle.

"Kyrja," Willhulm's voice was uncertain as we circled each other, everyone giving us plenty of room. My shoulders ached and the one that held the sword was weak, but I remembered the time I fought my sister in the tourney with my leg injury and knew I would somehow find the strength. Yet if I died by his hand, somehow that seemed fitting as well. "I do not want to harm you, beauty. But if you fight anyone here, you will die. Your wounds are bad..." His eyes darted to my left and then right shoulder, noting with wide-eyes the red patches that had begun to soak my tunic. I knew I had lost a lot of blood, but that would not stop me from skewering him like a pig for a feast. I lashed out first, sending a slash to him, which he easily parried.

The blow from the parry shook my arm and I nearly blacked out from the pain of it.

How could I possibly win? I would have to find the strength somehow. I knew it would come from my mother and eyed her spear not far. It would be her memory that would drive me forward and I lashed out at him swiftly, cutting into his shoulder deeply. He let out a cry as I did, jerking backwards, which freed my blade. I watched him without pity as he gasped in pain, shocked that I would hurt him and even more shocked to see the lack of regret or feeling in my eyes.

"Do you not care for me at all?" He asked, almost as if astounded that I would act so. "Do you not want the father of your child to be with you?" He lowered his sword slightly and stepped closer. "I want you to live with me, Kyrja. I want to raise our child together." 

I laughed at his proposition and took the opportunity to slide my blade cleanly through his other shoulder top. Now we were even. 

Blood poured from his wounds and I knew now that I had a chance. He was a decent swordmaster, but not a match for a Valkyrie when on even ground. I saw an opening and took it, but this time he was ready and with a gasp of pain, he parried, keeping me at bay. He was strong and had that for his advantage, but I was swift. I spun, twirling my blade as I did, ready to end it. I was exhausted, weak and ready to die. 

As I spun, blade set to pierce him, I watched in horror as he lifted his own sword up and then purposely let it fall from his uplifted hand, disarming himself. I tried to stop but the force of my actions pushed me forward until I slid the blade deep into his chest. 

I had killed him. 

I had won.

I heard my Valkyrie sisters cheering from behind me, but the world was spinning madly out of control and I had no choice but to fall over the body of my once-beloved. As I let my eyes slide closed, I watch Willhulm turn his head in my direction as he gasped for air and smile at me.

"Kyrja?" The voice sounded familiar and when I opened my eyes to stare up at the weathered, wrinkled face of Freyja, I gasped softly. 

"You are alive?" I asked inanely and then groaned from the pain in both of my shoulders. I stared down at my body, naked except for a sheet covering my bloated waist downward and saw twin bandages on my shoulders. "I am alive?" I sounded as if I had addled wits, so clamped my mouth down until I could gather more information.

"Yes, yes. I escaped during the first attack. I finally found myself at a village where a nice master blacksmith took me in to this house and cared for me. When I saw you come to attack the village, I knew I had to stop you, but it was too late." 

I nodded and then felt a twist in my gut at the thought of how I had killed Willhulm. I surprised myself by feeling tears gather in my eyes at the loss. 

"How long have I been unconscious?" I asked the old woman as she peered under the left bandage. 

"Five sunrises." 

I nodded at her reply, wondering where I was; it looked unfamiliar to me.

"You are in the village still, Kyrja. You must rest. Your body has been through a lot and I suspect your mind needs some time too." I nodded once more and closed my eyes, attempting to rest. But all I could see was my blade sliding into Willhulm's chest. It hurt terribly to do, but I brought a hand to my belly and rubbed it gently. At least I had one thing to remember the man by. I promised my unborn child I would never let them forget their father as I continued to rest.

I must had had fallen asleep as I felt better the next time I opened my eyes. Freyja was smiling down at me as she checked a bandage, nodding in approval.

"You will be up soon, Kyrja." I nodded and relaxed, waiting for my body to heal. I finally managed to sit up that afternoon, with the old woman's help. I had more questions for her.

"Where are the others? The Valkyries that came with me?" I leaned back against the house's wooden wall as I asked.

"They have been integrated into the village. They are being taken care of by kind couples and people who mean them no harm." I disliked the idea of my girls being taken care of by anyone but me, but had to concede that it was probably a better life for them.

"Kyrja..." Freyja looked as if she had something important to tell me. "I want you to remain in this place. I must go. My journey is not complete, but yours is. You belong here in this house." 

I cocked my head, unsure of what she meant. I belonged in a stranger's house?

I know she saw my confusion and heard her sigh softly. She approached me, and pulled down the sheet that covered me, holding out a hand. I knew I was weak, but felt strong enough to slide to the edge of the bed. I leaned on the bed as I stood, wobbling for only a few moments until I realized I was stronger than I thought. I let her slide a soft woolen dress over my head so that I was clothed and followed her into the main chamber of the house. There was a cot sitting next to the fireplace and in the bed rested a man.

"Willhulm?" I gasped at the sleeping form. "But how? I cut him deeply." I looked to the old crone for answers.

"You missed his important parts, Kyrja. He will be fine." There was a touch of amusement in her voice as she spoke. "This is his house. The old blacksmith, his master, and I... well, we are going to travel the lands together." She blushed -- the old woman actually blushed. Had she found love even at this advanced age? "He has granted Willhulm, his apprentice, the house and so now it is his. The small room that Willhulm once lived within is just the right size for a nursery." I understood what she was saying, but it seemed like a dream. She was telling me to stay and live with him and raise his child? Like some common wife? I shuddered in resentment of the implication, but felt a twinge in my belly that made me realize that I did not want to be off alone in the jungle without his help or touch when my baby was born. 

"You have much to think about." She patted my hand and led me back into the large room, helping me into bed. "Rest and think. We do not leave until tomorrow eve." I nodded, watching her amble out of the room and did as she suggested.

It was four sunrises later when Willhulm woke. I was sitting by his bedside, holding his hand, watching him when his eyes slowly slide apart. 

"Kyrja?" His voice held disbelief and I nodded at him. "Have you come to finish me now?" I wondered if he were lucid, but when I saw his smile, I had to grin back.

"Perhaps we shall have a rematch when the baby is born and you are stronger." I ignored his eyes resting on my two shoulders where the cotton dress cut off. I knew he could see the bandages. Mercifully for me, he did not mention my own weaknesses.

"You are good with a sword." He winced as he moved slightly, and I pushed my hand against his forehead to still him.

"You are good with a heart." I told him, leaning down to kiss his cheek. "You held mine all this time and did not damage it after all."

It was a short while later when we both felt strong enough to remain out of bed. He began to work on some of the blacksmith orders that had begun to pile up, taking it slow. 

Horseshoes were his first priority as they were easier on him to make and in high demand. 

"Shoes on horses? How strange." I was sitting beside him, one evening, watching him as he worked. In my hands was clay that he had brought for me and I began to form a cup. I wondered if I could duplicate my favorite cup, the one my sister had destroyed.  

I was taken by surprise when Willhulm set down the tongs he had been holding and leaned over to press a soft kiss on my lips. I stared up at him in shock, the clay nearly falling from my hands. It had been so long since I had last kissed him, I had forgotten how good it felt.

He stood slowly, holding his chest as he rose, and cleaned his hands from the coal that coated them. I felt his eyes on me as I put the half-modeled clay down and wiped my own hands, cleaning them, though uncertain why I did.

And that was when our bodies collided. 

"Oh Kyrja, I have missed you so much." Willhulm mumbled against my lips as we kissed as if we were to be parted forever. I closed my eyes and sighed as his lips trailed down my neck, back up to my lips and down again as if he could not get enough of my skin underneath them.

"I hope you can forgive me, Will, for hurting you." I looked at him, fearful of seeing pain or blame in his eye, but the only thing I saw was affection. He smiled a winsome smile at me and leaned back in to capture my lips as my reply.

When he scooped me up, it was not a good thing to do, as his chest began to ache and I was heavy with child, forcing him to set me carefully back on my feet with a laugh. I soon joined him in his mirth and our laughter rang throughout the house together. He took my hand within his and pressed his lips onto it, leading me back to the bedroom where I had been sleeping. Once I was standing next to the bed, he began to lift up my woolen dress and I surprised myself by letting him take it from me, revealing my extremely swollen body to him. His eyes traced the roundness and he brought his hands to the mound, stroking and touching gently and in awe. When he pressed a sweet kiss on the crown of my belly, I smiled at him, reaching to ruffle his hair affectionately. 

I admired his incredibly muscular body once he dropped his pants to the wooden planked floor, exposing his extremely rigid and erect manflesh. He smirked at me and gently pushed me onto the bed, taking care to not hurt my thick middle. I wiggled my eyebrows at him as he rested beside me. As he touched and kneaded the nipple nearest him, beginning to arouse me, I told him, "You already impregnated me once, my prize. Think you can do it again before the baby is even born?" 

The man laughed and began to lower his hand, sliding it between my legs, stating, "I think I shall give it a good try..."

The End