 Alan pulled on his gloves, turned of the light and pulled the door closed behind him. He waved to the night watchman at the desk as he left the building and to the gate guard as he left the ultra secure compound of Maggie Maye Cosmetics, where he had worked as a research chemist for almost 15 years.

He pulled into a service station about a 1/2 mile down the road and went in the restroom. He just stood against the wall laughing for a few minutes while his nerves steadied, He had never even tried to steal a pen from work, and here he had just walked out with perhaps the most valuable thing that would ever come of those labs, and as he had erased the database of his final nights work he would be the only one to have it until he found a suitable buyer, meaning one with unlimited capitol to invest in the ultimate aphrodisiac.

Alan pulled the glove off his right hand and looked at it, nothing abnormal showed where he had touched the top of the vial before sealing it. he could detect no scent but he knew that it had one, an almost imperceptible musk that he, as the carrier, was immune to. The DNA was engineered to bind to the host and alter his own pheromones to become a super virulent strain. it had taken Months to remove the airborne viability of the pheromones and engineer a replication degradation that gave the pheromones a limited life time. He had estimated that it should last no longer than 12 hours in a real world scenario, but of course he had not been able to conduct any testing other then the last few weeks of rats and monkeys. And they had been done as a secretive sideline to other scheduled testing. had he not been able to work alone late nights even those tests could not have been done.

He pulled he glove back on and stepped out into the hot Tucson moonlight. He turned his car toward Nogales. At 10 AM he stopped at a branch of his bank in Sierra Vista and closed out his checking and savings accounts for $12,484.00. He went down the street to another bank and maxed out his Visa and Mastercard. he stopped at the last small car dealer he came to and traded his one year old BMW for a 1997 Crown Victoria. Even trade, no questions.

Then he drove out of town until he came to small bar and gas station where he parked the car and went inside. He sat at the bar and ordered a beer. He watched the people behind him until he spotted his mark, a biker siting alone watching the girlfriend of a young cowboy shooting pool. He looked like he'd like to fuck her right there on the table in front of the kid. Alan took his beer and walked over to the bikers table. 

"Mind if I sit?" he said, nodding toward the other side of the table. 

The biker looked at Alan, sized him up as a cop or a detective and looked back at the girl, posing seductively for the benefit of the biker and the frustration of the cowboy. "Fuck Off." He grunted.

"Yea, OK, look, 30 minutes of your time, you get this, and $1000.00" He tossed the keys to the crown Vic on the table and nodded toward the window where you could see the Crown Vic parked beside the bike.

"Let's see the cash." Alan pulled a wad of folded 100 dollar bills out of his pants just enough to show the biker. "Sit, you got one minute." 

Alan sat down and took a drink of his beer. "OK, you come with me in the car, you forget where we went and you drive the car to Nogales and sell it or dump it, either way, but I need the car to get to Nogales. You come back and forget we ever had this conversation."

"Let me guess, I drop you out at the Bizbee Airstrip?" The biker grunted as he smiled at the girl and rubbed his crotch.

"Your a smart cookie, we got a deal?"

The biker got up, walked over o the girl, took her in his arms and gave her a big kiss then grabbed her pussy and squeezed it. "I'll be back for this creamcakes." He pulled his hand off her cunt and brought his elbow back hard into the nose of the cowboy, who hit the pool table and then the floor. The girl stood gasping with a stupefied smile and a sopping wet pussy as the biker walked back to the table and picked up the keys, handing them to Alan. "Let's roll." 

Alan followed the biker to a small house and the biker went inside for a minute then got behind the wheel of the Crown Vic as a barely dressed girl watched him from the porch. 

"Nice ride, used to be a trooper, you can tell by the trim and mount setups, never cabbed, bet it still has the full interceptor package." He stomped the gas and the crown Vic roared to life down the long, flat highway. 

At 120 he backed it off to 75 and smiled at Alan.

"You got nads, that's good, you'll need them to go on the lamb. I'm thinking I'll trade this to my buddy Paco in Nogales for a few Oz's of weed, he'll have it chopped and topped and painted and sold to some punk in a week, they'll register it and you'll have your diversion."

You are a thinking man, you can drop me by that PA18 over there he said, pointing to a small blue and silver 2 passenger plane.

"If you'll wait just a moment I have something else for you." He got out and put his bags in the plane and came back with a small device. He handed it to the biker and counted out $2000.00

"Toss this transponder out somewhere south of here if you would be so kind? he's another $1000 for your silence and your forgetfulness."

"I can't remember fuck smokin' this shit, I hope i can find my way home!" The biker snorted as he toked on a fat joint and coughed. he tuck the cash in his pocket and pulled away. as soon as he was of the tarmac he hit the gas and careened onto the highway doing at least 100 as Alan warmed up his plane. He flew for 12 hours and manage to stay under all the local radar as far as he could tell, even if he was under legal ceiling a few times. or almost all of he time.

He parked at the small airstrip in Canada and went into the lobby and called a cab. he took the cab to Vancouver, 40 miles away and got on a plane bound for Scotland, from there he too a boat to England and then a bus through the Chunnel to France. he got on a train and got out in Munich, Germany. He rented a lavish hotel suite and slept for almost a day.

alan woke up, showered, being careful to keep his rubber gloved hand dry, and went out for breakfast. he decided over coffee that today was as good as ny for the initial testing phase. he went to the train station and an hour later got out in a small formerly East German hamlet.

Alan found a small candy shop with a young Fraulein working the counter. He spent a few minutes looking over the selection and when he was confident nobody was coming in he stepped up to the counter. "Hello miss, do you speak English?"

"Yes, I do." she smiled.

"Good, good, you would be at all interested in giving me a blow job behind he counter?" Alan said, trying to sound seductive but only hearing the leering in his own voice. 

"Bitte, I don't know what kind of girl you think I am but I think you should leave now!" The young girl sputtered back.

Alan reached across the counter and lightly touched her hand with his bare fingers. "Oh, I'm so sorry, I did not mean to offend you." He looked intently into her eyes "I just wanted to see if you might" there it was, a slight change, only seconds, Alan was delighted "want to suck on my cock."

"Uhhh, mein Gott! Ja, Ja, I would, I would very much like to suck on your cock." the girl said as she gripped Alan's hand. He started to step around he counter and she was faster, she was on her knees and opening his zipper and pulling out his cock before he could take two steps. She took his still soft penis in her warm hands and started sucking the tip. as it grew firmer she slowly worked it deeper and deeper until she was completely deep throating his fully erect 7 inches.

His pants were around his ankles, a beautiful girl was on her knees sucking his cock with intense desire and he heard the door chime as it opened. He turned to see a lady of about 50 or 60 step into the store a few feet, she looked up from her hand bag and saw Alan's cock slurping in an out of her grand daughters face. Her grand daughter barely turned and sort of smiled at her the best she could with a cock in her mouth, she watched as the old lady fell to the floor in a faint. She squeezed Alan's ass tight trying to take even more of his cock into her face. 

Alan let her ministrations do their work and released his cum into her throat. she gagged and tried to swallow and gagged again and went right back down on him, gagging and sucking and swallowing until he forcefully pulled his cock from her face with a wet popping sound. 

"I would love a glass of water, do you have any water you could get me? Vassa bitte?" he said, panting and pulling up his pants as she tried to get his cock back in her mouth.

She stopped and smiled, delighted at being able to provide for his desires. "Yes, I have water! I'll get it!" she said and ran to a door behind the counter, as she opened it and stepped through Alan jumped over the just rousing grandmother and bolted down the sidewalk, zipping his pants as he ran. after a few blocks and a few turns he stopped running and slipped into a small restaurant. He ordered a beer and sat at a dark booth in the back where he could watch the door. after about a 1/2 hour he decided it as safe to leave and stepped back out in the street. He found a cab and was just getting in when he heard the sirens and looked down the street in the direction of the sound where he saw the girl, about two blocks away, running down the street with a glass of water, she spotted him and he watched as she ran after the cab ripping at her clothes until she fell to the ground exhausted and naked. The sound of the police car stopped as it pulled up beside the naked girl just as the cab went around a corner. 

Another train and another small village a hundred miles away. Alan had never had such an amazing blow job in his life and after a beer and a long rest on the train and now another beer and bratwurst in another Gasthaus he felt his cock getting hard again as he remembered the candy girl worshiping his cock. He thought about how he might arrange for a better escape and while he finished his beer he formulated phase II of the final product testing.

He went back to the train station and found a ticket station with a gorgeous blonde about 20 years old. He bought a ticket for a train leaving in just over 15 minutes. As he handed her a euro he just managed to brush her finger with his. she just had time to put the money in her tray and slide his ticket back before she slowly stood up an leaned toward the glass. she said something in German and he leaned close to the glass and said in a low voice "meet me in the mens room". He turned and walked to the mens room and the girl came almost running in right behind him, grabbing him and kissing him deeply.

He pulled his mouth off hers and said "get undressed so I can fuck you."

she immediately started removing her clothes and when she was naked she sat on the counter, spread her legs and opened her pussy lips, begging him to fuck her in German. He took out his cock and slid into her, watching her firm tits bounce as she thrust and bucked trying to bring pleasure to this man she had just met but desired more than anything. "Cum for me, baby." alan wispered. She started cumming after just a few more strokes and tossed her head back as she ground her pussy hard on Alan's cock and he spewed his load deep in her tight, clamping channel. The door opened just as Alan was pulling his cock out and watched as the dazed naked girl spread eagle on the counter scooped at her pussy and tried to eat all the cum that was leaking out. Alan leaned close and said "I want you to fuck this man too." and pulled up his pants as he turned to the man still holding onto the open door. 

"Go fuck her, she is very hot, fucken zee yea?" as he stepped past the man. The girl was already in front of the man unzipping his pants and he led her back to the sink counter as Alan let the door close. He pushed his cock back into his pants as he crossed the lobby, an action not unseen by several others there, and went and caught the train and waited at the next station. Sure enough, 15 minutes later the next train pulled up and two German Polizi and took the sobbing and naked girl from the train stewards that had been restraining her from searching the entire train naked. Alan ducked behind a magazine booth as they led her away, sobbing and looking every where for the object of her intense desire. 

It was time to implement phase III, as soon as he had a little dinner and a few beers and a good nights sleep, his balls were sore.