 Product Testing, Phase III

Alan now knew that his pheromone enhancement was a qualified success, now he needed to test the limits and longevity of his creation before he took it to a buyer. 

Rotterdam was gray and rainy and not at all suited to his next experiment, but he had had a good nights sleep and was already eager to reap the rewards of his hard work. He left his hotel and found a post office where he mailed a carefully wrapped package to himself, or at least a version of himself he had created in Denmark. Then he took the mall sample vial and his travel papers, all that he had left, and took a taxi to a convent several miles away. 

 Alan opened the front door, a massive 13th century wooden construct carved with scenes from the life of Christ, and was met by a stern and angry looking Nun, "Bitte, heren is verboten!" she said as she tried to escort him back out the door. Alan touched her hand and waited a few moments then whispered to her "Where can we be alone?" The nun took him to a small room off the main hall and Alan had to stop her from removing his clothes as soon as the door shut, he did not bother to stop her from removing her own. she was soon naked and on her knees, trying spiritedly to open Alan's pants so she could get at his cock. 

"No, no, nein, bitte, heren besitz." Alan said and had her sit on a large wooden table. "Now you just be a good girl and sit here and fuck yourself until I return." he handed her a large candle from a candelabra and watched as she inserted it into her pussy and started pumping it. The elderly nun fucking herself with abandon was not an erotic presentation at all but Alan smiled as he thought about all the Nuns that had made him suffer growing up. 

"Very good, now you just keep doing that while I have a little walkabout." Alan shut the door and started exploring the Nunnery. He passed what he took to be a classroom where he could see through a small window in the door a dozen or more Nuns reading while another elderly Nun sat at a large desk watching over them. he moved on down the hall and came to a shower room, he could hear the sound of water and quietly closed the door behind himself. He peeked around the corner and saw a beautiful young nun just washing the shampoo out of her hair. 

Alan removed his clothes and entered the shower quietly sneaking up behind her and putting his hand over her mouth to stop her from calling out. She tensed and tried to pull away but Alan held her tight for the few seconds it took the pheromone to work. The nun stopped struggling and relaxed in his grip, he let her go and she turned to him and looked at him with adoration. Her left hand grasped his already hardening cock and her right hand pulled his head to hers and she kissed him deeply as she stroked and tugged at his cock. She kissed her way down his body until she reached his cock and started sucking him with an amazing fervor. 

Alan couldn't help but wonder how this young nun could have such an amazing talent for cock sucking. she had never had a cock in her mouth before but had had many dreams about what it must be like, and more than a few day dreams that she had confessed and done penance for about making love to a man, and now she was able to express those long smoldering desires. He stopped her just before he was about to cum and led her out of the shower to the next room where he had her sit on a table that had a dozen towels neatly folded. He opened her legs and dropped to his knees, spreading her pussy lips and inserting a finger, then two, the girl moaned and pushed her pussy to him. 

"Ah, a virgin I see, very nice, but I'm afraid that this is going to hurt a little." Alan stood and placed his cock at her pussy lips, already flowing with lubrication from her intense desire and started pushing slowly into her. The tightness of her cunt was almost too much and he had to force himself not to cum too quickly. he felt the resistance and put his hand over her mouth as he pushed hard, she tried to scream out in pain as her virgin pussy was torn open but Alan's hand muffled it and she was soon thrusting her hips trying to get more of his massive tool inside her. He fucked her hard and fast until she started cumming "Oh Jesus, oh JESUS!" she almost screamed as the waves of pleasure took over and she fell exhausted to the table as Alan pulled out of her tight pussy and sprayed his cum across her flat belly and small titties. He walked to the still running shower and washed the blood and pussy juice off his groin and went back to the table where the young nun was still almost passed out from pleasure and had one hand on her tit and the other stroking her clit. 

"You just stay there and enjoy yourself little darling, I need to catch go take care of some business. I want you to make love to anyone that comes in here." 

He got dressed and went back down the deserted hall to the room he had left the elderly nun in. He found her still fucking her self with the candle and her eyes lit up as he entered the room. She pulled the candle out and spread her now gaping pussy for him, "bitte, bitte mein heir!" she pleaded and Alan walked to her and slid several fingers deep in her pussy bringing her to an almost immediate orgasm. She lay on the table while tremor after tremor rolled through her body and Alan leaned over her and said "Go to the showers and make love to the girl there, I will join you very soon." He opened the door and watched as the elderly and totally naked nun ran past the class room and turned the corner to the showers then he slipped out the now unguarded front door and hurried off down the street.

 Alan found a taxi and told the driver to take him to the train station. He wondered what sort of scene was taking place back in the showers, had he been there he would have been witness to a scene of Romanesques debauchery as the two nuns expended all their pent up desires on each other waiting for Alan's return, when they were found, the young nun with her entire hand inside the elderly nuns cunt and the elderly nun eating the younger nuns pussy it was determined that they had been possessed by the devil, the next day the elderly nun was let out of the room they had locked her in to prevent her from escaping along with the younger one who was found running down the street naked by the police. She refused to describe the man she had been "assaulted" by and left the order the next day to a new life of her own choosing, she was, within a year, one of the most sought after whores in Munich, her talents at sucking and fucking bordering on the legendary.

Alan now knew that even the most strict morality was no match for the desires his chemical produced. There was just one more critical phase of testing to be done before he would be ready to find a buyer. He had to know how long the effects would last and what the after effects, if any, were. It was time to initiate Phase IV testing and Alan had chosen a remote location in Bulgaria for this final, critical phase.