 I saw Aristos every day, but I never grew tired of watching them walk, the women anyway. They glided like swans over water, their clothing billowing and floating around them like a vision from Heaven. They looked like a different species compared to me and my kind. 

The three who’d just entered the room were no exception, they were paragons of radiance and vitality and impossible wealth. They took no notice of me, obviously. They chatted continuously in their strange language, their voices clear and confident, but not overly loud, their decorum naturally flawless. They were so tall and slender and perfect they didn't look real.

I positioned myself on the floor in the shadows where I could see them, but where I knew I wouldn’t intrude on their gazes. I watched as they settled themselves at a table by one of the windows. The colourful layers of their dresses swished and glittered as they arranged them around their elegant legs. They sat across from each other, each taking a side at the high, triangular table. 

I knelt and studied them out of the corner of my eye, to look directly would be disrespectful. They were dressed in what I knew was the latest in Aristo fashion. They wore large, ostentatious hats that so were so complex they must have been designed by architects. Their dresses were made of multiple flowing layers of translucent material, each was gossamer thin, but they overlapped with enough density to give only a hint of the perfect bodies that lay beneath. The fabric of their dresses was animated too. As if by magic subtle patterns and shapes flowed across them, flowers bloomed, butterflies flitted, a stylised predator chased and caught its prey. 

I stayed as still and quiet as I could. They’d signal when they were ready to be served, and they wouldn’t want to be kept waiting, I had to be invisible but attentive. 

They chatted animatedly, although I couldn't understand a word. Must be one of the Executive languages I decided, although Lord Director-knows which one. They projected hologram vids from their jewellery onto the table. Miniature people strode across the surface, talking and laughing and kissing. The figures looked like other Aristo women. Likely they were judging the fashion choices and assassinating the characters of ‘friends’ who weren’t present. There was plenty of laughter, it sounded cruel.

The woman with the orange flowers in her hat seemed to be leading the conversation. Likely she held the highest rank of the three, and likely it’d be her who’d initiate the proceedings. I watched closely.

Their conversation continued without slowing, but the Aristo with the orange flowers turned her body to the side away from the table. She opened her legs a touch. She didn’t move her upper body as she did so, she remained facing her two companions, no one would see she’d moved unless they were kneeling on the floor. Her hand dropped below the surface of the table as if she was adjusting her dress. She made the signal with her fingers. 

I stayed low as I moved towards them, treading softly. I approached at an angle that would keep me hidden from the other two. Our client’s preferred not to see me, most liked to pretend I didn’t exist. Some would occasionally stroke me or acknowledge my presence in some other offhand way, but they never spoke to me. Worst would be if I accidentally make eye contact, the very idea made my blood run cold.

I dropped to my knees at the Aristo’s feet. My head was far below the level of the table, the other two wouldn’t be able to see me, I was hidden.

Now I’d have to wait on the floor until the Aristo made another signal. It might be seconds, or minutes, or sometimes it was even longer. Perhaps she’d even change her mind and I'd have to kneel here until she remembered me and gestured me away. 

I didn't have to wait long though. She didn’t stop talking, but I heard the rustle of silk as she began to part the layers between her legs. I looked up and saw a supple, golden thigh and my heart leapt into my throat. She continued to part the layers of her dress and I saw more and more of her until she was completely exposed to me. I wasn’t supposed to look, but I couldn't help myself. 

She lifted her hands away and up to the table, but she spread her legs further apart for me. She leaned back a touch and slid towards the edge of her chair. Above it would appear as if nothing was going on, the other two would suspect, of course, but it would be beyond rude to draw any kind of attention to it.

I leaned forwards and placed a small kiss on the inside of one of her knees. Her skin was smooth and flawless and tasted of something sweet, of how I imagined nectar tasted. I started to kiss my way slowly up her inner thigh and she spread her legs wider for me. My lips met the soft skin at the top of her thigh and she very subtly shifted towards me, indicating I was allowed to move further. I kissed the crease where leg met body, then I moved across and kissed between her thighs.

I kissed her all over. I started light and soft at first, but my kisses became firmer. I sucked one outer lip gently into my mouth, then the other. I pressed my lips against her flesh and parted her with my mouth. I started licking her, I ran my tongue up and down the length of her in slow, languid laps. 

I heard her talking above and it was like nothing was happening below. She made no sounds of pleasure, but I could feel her body reacting. She parted her legs even further and started to press herself against me. Her wetness spread over my nose and cheeks.

I ran my tongue all over her pussy, exploring her, stimulating each part of her, but as I licked I began to focus more of my attention on the nub of her clitoris. I ran my tongue alongside and then around it in circles. I pushed the hood back with my tongue and flicked the tip of it lightly across her clit. She pressed herself against me again, signalling for more. 

I licked her in a steady rhythm dictated by the subtle movements of her hips. Still she talked, still she dominated the conversation above, but I could feel the tension building within her. She silently urged me on faster and she pressed herself against me harder. 

I felt fingertips touch my head for the briefest of moments and I knew she was close. I dared to reach up and touch her with my hands. She didn’t stop me, so I made sure my thumbs were wet, then I began to stroke her slick outer lips as I lapped at her. 

Her legs began to tremble and she stopped talking momentarily. She touched my head again and I sucked her clit between my lips and flicked my tongue over the end of it. Her thighs came together and pressed against my head. She locked me in place and pulled me against her so hard I couldn’t breathe, but I kept licking and sucking her as she came, I tried to prolong her orgasm for as long as I could.   

Her thighs opened and released me when she was done. She was talking above me again. I kept kissing and licking her gently though until she pushed me away. I knelt at her feet as she adjusted her dress to cover herself again. 

Now that the highest ranked of the Aristo women had been served the other two were free to proffer my services, if they so desired. I shuffled back into the shadows and waited. 

The Aristo with the lightest hair moved first, she opened her legs and made the signal. I moved to kneel at her feet and she spread her dress apart for me. I began to kiss her thighs but she placed a hand on the back of my head and pulled me into her. I ran my tongue between her lips and she was slick already. 

I tried to explore her with my tongue but she wriggled her hips and pressed her clit against me to show what she wanted. I licked her with firm, fast strokes and she came quickly. She made no noise, but she bucked against my face so hard I feared her actions would be visible to the other two.

The third Aristo summoned me to her feet shortly after. I knelt before her, but she made me wait an age before she eventually opened her legs and spread her dress. She had me lick her for such a long time, she kept moving her clitoris away from my tongue, she drew her pleasure out of me before she finally allowed me to bring her off. She didn't make a sound, naturally, but I could feel the strength of her orgasm in the trembling of her legs and I was proud of myself. 

I made sure the Aristos didn't require my services again, then I shuffled back to my hiding place to watch over them. I was confident they hadn’t seen me, and that I’d brought them off with sufficient skill that they’d return again. I allowed myself a smile of contentment as I cleaned my face with a napkin.   

The three Aristos departed shortly after. and then it became an unusually quiet day. Women sat at a few other tables, but not enough to keep all of us busy at one time. I sat in the shadows and waited until it was my turn to serve again. 

After a time two young Aristos sauntered in. If the previous three had been powerful Executives, these two looked like their teenage daughters. They had the confidence that all Aristos seem to be born with, but tinged with an edge of arrogance – the smiles on their faces looked like sneers and they talked more loudly than was polite, in fact, it looked like they were mildly intoxicated. 

They scared me, they looked like trouble. I looked around in the desperate hope that someone else was free to serve them, but I knew it was no good, it was my turn. 

I moved into position and watched them walk across the room. They wore no hats, and their dresses, whilst conceptually similar to the previous Aristo women’s, were made of coarser and darker material, they looked drab, almost industrial looking. They were more revealing too, the layers were shorted and the gaps between them wider. 

They also chatted incessantly, but they spoke in a different sounding language to the previous clients. They were definitely high on something I decided, their eyes looked glazed and one of them stumbled as she walked. Her companion laughed at her so loud people turned to look.  

They walked past the tables towards a wide, open window at the back of the chamber. They leant against the window ledge as they chatted and looked out at the hustle and bustle of the market below. I watched them warily. I assumed they’d eventually move away and settle at a table when they got bored, but then one of them reached behind her back and made the gesture with her hand.

I was astonished, I was sure I didn’t understand, she couldn’t possibly want to be served there, in full view, could she? That would be highly improper.

The other Aristo girl laughed and copied her friend, reaching back and making the same gesture. 

Panic rose inside me. I couldn’t disobey them, that would be unimaginable, but they couldn't want this, surely? It would be a scandal. I’d lose my job, or worse.

The first girl made the gesture again and they collapsed into fits of laughter.

My legs trembled as I shuffled towards them, I had to obey an Aristo, whatever they wanted, it was the law. I settled myself behind them and I prayed that they’d get up and move to a table. 

To my horror the first Aristo girl reached back and began to part her dress. I couldn’t believe what she was doing, I felt sick with fear. I prayed to the Lord-Director that she’d stop, but she didn't, she kept parting the layers of her dress until she’d revealed her chubby little bottom and her manicured cunt. She stayed leaning over the window sill, she stepped her legs apart for me. I’d never seen anything so ill mannered and brazen. And then she made the gesture behind herself again.

I had no choice. I shuffled forwards between her legs. I craned my face up and I began to kiss and lick her pussy. They continued to talk and laugh too loudly. 

The young woman started to press herself back against me roughly as I licked her, she rubbed her wet cunt and her buttocks all over my face without any decorum. I heard the tone of the conversations in the room behind me changing, I knew the other clients were watching and voicing their shock and disapproval. 

I was mortified, but what else could I do? I couldn't stop and tell her no, so I did the opposite, I licked that young woman as best I could in the hope she’d come quickly and then this whole terrible affair would end. I pressed my face into her and flicked my tongue rapidly over her clitoris and I felt her begin to tremble and I relaxed somewhat. But then, to my absolute horror, she moaned.  

I heard people gasp behind me. I froze in shock, but she pressed her cunt against my face to make me keep going. I closed my eyes and lapped at her clit hard and fast, but then she did it again, she moaned, louder this time. Her companion laughed at her. 

This whole scene was becoming more disgraceful by the second. I was terrified, I was becoming desperate, I wasn’t thinking straight, I took a terrible risk and I behaved with astounding impudence myself. I reached up and placed my hands on the girl’s fleshy buttocks and pulled them apart so I could bury my face into her deeper and get my lips around her clit. I attacked her with gusto, sucking and licking her vigorously.

To my utter humiliation, and to hers, surely, she moaned louder and louder and started writhing lewdly all over my face. If she wasn’t careful the people in the market below would look up and see and they’d share in her disgrace too. There’d be outrage, the reputation of the whole establishment would be destroyed.

Despite my best efforts the young lady took her time over her pleasure, she repeatedly pulled away from my face to stop herself coming, before sitting back onto me again and squirming on my tongue.

Finally, thankfully, she eventually came, although she did so with heart-stopping noise, she made great groaning and gasping sounds the like of which I’d never heard in all my life. She reached back and grabbed my hair and pulled me into her roughly as she did so. I continued licking and sucking at her until she shoved me away with her foot.

It was over, finally. I prayed they’d step away from the window and leave and that maybe, just maybe, I’d be spared. But they didn't move. They stayed there, leaning against the window ledge as they chatted and giggled. 

And then it got so much worse. I watched with unbelieving dread as the first girl reached over to her friend and started parting her clothes to expose her bottom too. Then she made the gesture above her friend’s bare behind.

I was a dead man. They both laughed as I moved across and pushed my face between the other girl’s cheeks and started licking.

The second young lady was marginally more restrained than the first, although she behaved in much the same way. She made little effort to hide what was happening, she moaned openly and wriggled on my face. I guessed the first girl was the ringleader, and the second her accomplice, less rebellious but willing to follow. She still made a disgraceful scene of herself as she came though. 

At last my humiliation was over. At last they’d leave and I could face the punishment I was due. But I was so wrong. 

Unlike her companion, it turned out the second young lady wasn’t finished with me yet. She spread her legs further, then reached back and held my head and pulled me into her again. She dropped her hips though and her pussy was too low for me to lick. It took me long seconds to understand what she wanted. When I did I felt sick with shame. I leaned forwards and began to kiss the pucker of her anus. 

Never in my life had I been subjected to, or even heard of, such atrocious behaviour, not from an Aristo. I had no choice though, I closed my eyes as I licked her arsehole.

At first I’d decided these two young ladies must be from the very lowest rungs of the Executive class, as clearly they didn’t know how to behave. But a much more chilling idea occurred to me as I licked that young woman’s bottom. What if it was the opposite? What if these two were from such powerful families that they were used to doing whatever they wanted, no matter how outrageous? What if they were so well connected they were beyond reproach? If that was the case they could easily have me executed if I didn’t obey them, if I didn’t make sure I satisfied them properly.

I summoned all my professional pride and began to lick her anus as best I could. I flicked the tip of my tongue over every wrinkle and crease. I pressed the flat of it against her sphincter. I began to slide it into her and fuck her with it as she grew wetter and looser. 

She began to press herself back into me. She groaned loudly and deeply the first time I managed to push my tongue all the way into her. I tried to feel pride, but there was only the deepest shame, I’d never been treated like this, with such casual disdain. Her anus began to twitch around my tongue as I slid it in and out of her.

It got worse, of course it did. As I licked her arse the young woman reached between her legs and began touching herself, as if she were alone, and not in a respectable place of business. 

Oh it was awful, she brought herself off to another loud orgasm as I fucked her bottom with my tongue, she gasped and moaned and behaved like she was a gutter animal rather than a member of our ruling elite. 

When she pushed me away I looked up and saw the first girl had turned and was watching us closely. Our eyes met and I flinched away but I saw the glee and the malice on her face. She turned back to face the window and spread her dress again and of course she wanted me to service her in the same way too. I moved over. I reached up and pulled her cheeks apart and burried my tongue in her arse.

The room was empty when they finally left, all our other clients had fled in outrage and disgust. Likely they were desperate to begin spreading such delicious gossip too. 

The business took a hit, obviously, we lost all our regular clients and our name was forever tarnished amongst the respectable clientele. But we found we became popular with the younger generation.

My superiors were outraged at me for the part I'd played, but I was spared, I had a new use now after all. It appeared that a trend had been born that dreadful day amongst the younger of the Aristo women. The daughters of our powerful rulers now stand at our tables and bare their bottoms from behind, and I’m always the first who kneels behind them to do what they require.