 What really happened in the Frigid forest

When we last left Professor Bumram, she was being pulled deeper into the Frigid Forest by the rampaging centaurs as her students slipped away. Well now dear readers…the rest of the story.

Two centaurs held each arm of Professor Bumram and drug her further into the forest. As they pulled her, her clothes were being shredded by the nettles and briars on the floor of the forest. They finally came to a stop in a small clearing deep in the middle of the woods.

The sun was fast disappearing over the tops of the tall trees and darkness started to crawl across the canopy of the forest. The two centaurs dropped the professor unceremoniously to the ground. She was not unconscious, but not far from it. Two other centaurs came over and lifted the near lifeless body onto a huge tree trunk that had fallen across the floor of the clearing.

The professor was laid face-up and the centaurs bound her spread eagled across the tree. Her arms were bound at the wrist with some forest vines as were her legs. The centaurs took knives and finished cutting the rest of the professors clothes off.

As the centaurs stood back to look at their handiwork, they realized she was not the most beautiful human they had ever seen. What she lacked in beauty, she made up for with a huge pair of tits and big, thick lips that seemed to be beckoning them. The other centaurs were anxious to have at this human, witch or not. They were waiting for the centaur named Byrne to lead the way.

Byrne strode over to the woman on the log and started to shake her head by yanking her hair. “Wake up,” he said. No response. He shook her harder. “Wake up you bitch,” he yelled. She started to open her eyes and look around.

“Where am I?” she moaned. “How did I get here?”

“You were caught trespassing in our forest,” said Bane. “For that you must be punished.”

She tried to move her arms and legs but found them bound well by the centaurs. “What are your intentions?” she asked. “Do you know who I am?” she continued. “I am the high priestess of Titmammion. I demand that you release me immediately or you shall suffer the gravest of consequences! Are you listening to me?” she bellowed.

“Shut up you dried up cunt!” Byrne screamed back at her. “You are in no position to make any demands at this point. If you are lucky, you might just get fucked to death and die a happy woman, but that remains to be seen.” She did not reply.

“As leader of the centaurs, I, and I alone, will decide your fate.” He reached down and slapped her hard across her exposed breasts. She sucked in her breath at this but held back from groaning. He then took a nipple in between the thumb and forefinger of each hand and pulled the nipples out as far as they would stretch and then released them. He did this a couple of more times and then stopped to watch her reaction.

She screamed from the nipple pulling but her body betrayed her mouth as the nipples started to harden. “You worthless mule!” she screamed at him. “Is that all you’ve got?”

“Don’t call me mule, bitch!” he yelled back. He reared back and slapped her across the tits again. This time he made sure the tips of his fingers swept across the hard nipples as he swung. He leaned down and took one of the nipples in his mouth and started to suck as hard as he could.

As he did so, he felt a hot, sticky, sugary sweet taste in his mouth. That made him suck all the harder and the liquid really seemed to flow from her nipples. He heard her giving out little moans as her body started to quake ever so slightly. He invited the other centaurs over to try the other nipple. He was not about to give his up. The other centaurs jockeyed for position to get at the other tit.

“Oh I see you like my magimilk. Don’t I have enough nipples to go around?” she teased at him. “Let’s see if I can rectify that.” She then started to recite a spell.

Tits swollen and full,

Nipples needing a pull.

Double D and 44,

Many callers at my door.

To share wondrous magimilk,

With those of centaur ilk.

Let my nipple count increase,

By a factor times three.

At that, each areola sprouted two more nipples and each nipple grew to a length of about 4 inches. Each nipple stood up firmly but was flexible as each centaur’s mouth found. Now six centaurs were surrounding Profesor Bumram and merrily sucking away. As each sucked and tasted the magimilk, Bumram undulated beneath their hungry mouths moaning to herself. Finally they had sucked her dry and the other centaurs pulled away.

The six nipples now drooped lazily across her breasts since they were empty of their magic potable. Byrne stepped forward and grabbed the nipples in his hands like udders and started yanking. The nipples did not respond. After a moment he stopped.

The centaur now turned his attention to the professor’s face. “I am certain that those fat little cock loving lips could use the touch of a good centaur.” Bane said.

“Bring it on!” said Bumram.

He reared up on his back two legs and slowly walked his cock over to her waiting mouth. He saw her opening for his assault and he gently placed the tip on the edge of her lips. As quickly, he slammed the length of his cock all the way in and grabbed the back of her head. Bumram almost choked from the initial thrust, but hung on as he continued burying it deeper in her throat.

She decided to fight fire with fire and mumbled an incoherent charm that immediately 

turned her tongue into a foot long constricting snake. As the centaur plunged, the tongue started to wrap itself around his full blown cock. The tongue would coil and compress 

on the cock sending tidal waves through the centaur.

He pulled back and watched as the tongue continued to assault his cock. It swirled around his hard tool like the stripe on a barber pole. He tossed his head back and howled at the moon as the snakelike tongue squeezed him tighter. The tongue released his cock and then wrapped around his balls. Then her tongue pulled him forward and guided his cock back into her mouth.

She closed her lips around his cock while the tongue continued to grasp his balls. She sucked him and rocked her head up and down his pole. The tongue released his balls and slid further up under him until the tip found his puckering ass. The tongue dove in and starting squirming around in his ass.

This caused him to drive his cock deeper into her mouth. He was on the edge now. He continued to moan loudly. He took his fingers and interlocked them with her multiple nipples. He squeezed and kneaded as she continued to suck. The other centaurs were bucking wildly watching the sex acts happening before them.

Byrne could stand it no longer. He stiffened and released his steaming centaur cum into the professor’s mouth. Somehow she swallowed it as she continued to probe his ass. She then released her lip lock and pulled her tongue back in. She beckoned him closer and he leaned over towards her .

When his mouth was near hers, she suddenly shot her tongue out into his mouth. It wrapped around his tongue and he could taste his ass and his cum all at the same time. He did not recoil but pushed his lips against hers as her tongue massaged his. He had not released his grip on her nipples yet and they felt hard against his chest as he pressed against her.

He pulled back from her kiss and saw that his hands were covered in her magimilk. His squeezing had got her going again. He started licking it off his hands. As he did so, he invited the other centaurs to join in. They came over and started furiously lapping at her tits licking them clean.

When they had finished, she said, “Please release me and I will take care of the rest of you all at the same time.” The centaurs talked among themselves and then agreed to her request. After they untied her, she told them exactly what to do.

“Lay down on your back,” she instructed one. After he did, she climbed on him. “Lick my ass while I suck your cock.” He complied immediately. Her tongue roved over his cock as it hardened. His tongue felt heavenly in her ass. She pushed back trying to get it farther in her ass.

She released his cock with her tongue and then she started to flick at the head. It was like a soft whip striking his cock. With every lash, he would drive his tongue deeper into her ass. When she could stand it no more, she slid up his body and mounted his cock with her ass. With her back to his belly, he reached around and was kneading her tits.

She pointed to another and said, “Come and lick my pussy.” The centaur raced over and shoved his face into her moist pussy. As he was licking, he noticed the clit was growing. He continued to lick and suck on the clit until it became so large that he could not pull it out of his mouth. Bumram muttered a charm and the clit shrunk. “Now that you’ve got me wet, climb aboard. That’s an order.”

Now she had one centaur in her ass and one in her pussy. They were bucking away when she called the other three over. “ You two suck on my tits. And you, I want your cock in my mouth.” The centaurs gladly did as instructed. She reached under the two who were sucking on her tits and grabbed a big fat cock in each hand. The faster she stroked, the harder they sucked.

The centaur with his cock in her mouth was being treated to her incredible tongue treatment. Her serpent-like tongue squeezed his cock and released his cock with a pulsating rhythm that had him on the brink in no time. When she sensed that he was close, she shifted the tongue to wrap around his balls and stop him from shooting. She was in charge now and each centaur would cum when she decided the time was right.

She would tighten and loosen her ass and pussy as necessary to control both of those centaurs. She was able to keep each centaur going for the better part of an hour with her control techniques. Bumram had already come six or seven times herself. She was starting to lose count. She wished she had her wand so she could cast a spell to make room for more centaurs.

She would scream for joy if she didn’t have a big throbbing centaur cock in her mouth. She soon sensed that she had all of them built up to a near climax level. When she was ready, she willed her muscles to clamp down on each centaurs cock at the moment of deepest penetration. She was inducing a fireworks style grand finale where they would all come at the same instant.

Sensing the right moment, she tightened her ass and pussy to lock on each cock to the point that each centaur could not pull out. She repeated this with the two she was holding and the one in her mouth. As if on cue, each centaur spasmed and released their hot gooey loads into her ass, pussy, mouth, and all over her tits as one.

She gagged slightly but recovered to suck down all the cum in her mouth. She then released all her muscles and let the orgasms wave over her like the ocean’s tide. It was pure ecstasy. Each of the centaurs held his ground enjoying the incredible feeling of her vibrating body on each of their cocks.

She finally stopped her spasms and lay silent on the belly of the one centaur. The other centaurs moved away and collapsed, tired from the orgy she had provided. Each centaur drifted off to sleep, but Bumram was also too tired to move. She wanted to get up and leave, but her body could not move. Five centaur cocks would be enough to tire any witch.

She had almost drifted off herself when she heard a noise in the nearby forest. She rolled her head in the direction of the noise and saw a figure slowly gliding toward her. As the figure moved closer, she could see it was Dax, the high wizard of Dickwiddie. She wanted desperately to cover herself, but she could not muster the strength to lift her arm.

Dax came to her side and said “It looks like you have been busy Professor Bumram. I hope your new friends got their money’s worth.” None of the centaurs stirred.

“Fuck you, Dax!” she said with as much energy as she could muster.

“Dear Professor Bumram, I see no reason to berate your knight in shining armor, as it were. Besides, you appear to be in no position to call the shots.” He raised his wand and said ”Levioso tittia cunticus.” Her body rose off the sleeping centaur and followed Dax as he walked away. 

“I think we will retire to my chambers to finish our dick-tation…er…discussion Professor Bumram.” said Dax.

Bumram inclined her head to see that Dax still had his wizard’s cap on, but it also looked like he had stuck it under his robe. Bumram smiled and said, “Yes Dax, perhaps I should swallow your…er…my pride and cum to you with the truth. It’s the least you deserve.”