 Kimber looked into the mirror. Hair askew from another wonderful night of passion with Brent, she swept a stray blonde lock from her eyes.

Her eyes. Oops, she was being careless again. They were blue again. Brent preferred her eyes that beautiful shade of violet. She pushed her left thumbnail and her eye color shifted until they were the violet her man preferred.

It was so odd. In the eight years she'd been in service, she had never been exclusive with any one client. Brent insisted though, he was willing to pay the expense, so she was his as long as he wanted her.

She loved it (hold it - love was not in her programming - it was an emotion - emotions were not in her programming and therefore should not exist for her), she felt pleasure at every thing Brent did for her. Her body responded well to the fuckings he gave her.

Kimber1 was the most advanced Sextech Simaltron on the market. She was also the most unique, the only Kimber model on the market. She could respond in perfect synch to Brent's caresses. She gave him exquisite head and his moans let her know she was pleasing him. Her caresses were firm, yet gentle, on his yielding flesh.

She could ride Brent until he orgasmed hard, the muscles of her pussy contracting around his hard cock and milking him dry. She had a tremendous vocabulary of fuck words - "Cunt, fuck, cock, pussy, dick" - and all of them seemed to turn him on. He loved it when she acted like a slut, so she became the slut of his dreams. Had she been needed to do so, she could have worked one of the Sextech Phone Chat lines and excelled. Indeed, some of the older models, past their prime, did just that.

Kimber had been with other clients than Brent early on. Again - using an emotion she was not programmed to feel - she had hated it. Had she been a human female, she would have thought of the terms fat, too quick on the draw, abusive, sweaty. This totally perplexed her. Why were these thoughts invoking such negative responses in her? She knew of them, she knew what they meant; but if asked to, she could have described perfectly what they meant to her.

She wondered why, as she looked down at the still-sleeping Brent, did she want to lean down and kiss him? If she did not want to incur a sexual response, it served no purpose she could fathom.

Why did she want so much to suck his cock? To take this beautiful man into her mouth, to feel his cock pulsate in her throat? Why did she want to feel that cock grow to steel-hardness? She wanted to see the look of delight in his eyes as she straddled him, slipping that same hard cock into her always-ready pussy.

Why did she want so much to ride him, here sweat-response command making her Synth-Skin glisten? Why did she want to whip his flesh with her long blonde hair, to hear him moan as she rode him, up and down, harder and faster, until the intensity of it seemed to overwhelm both of them?

It made no sense. Her curiosity about it made no sense. The fact that it nagged at Kimber made no sense either.

Kimber wanted - NEEDED - the answers to these questions. That made no sense either - but she was going to get them. 

But first - she leaned over Brent's sleeping form and licked at his neck. He stirred in response and within a few minutes, they were wrapped in each other's arms again.

A few hours later, Brent looked over at the now "sleeping" form of Kimber. After the wild fuck the two of them had enjoyed, she'd need at least an hour "down-time". This blonde beauty had almost made him forget Linda Lee. Almost.

It seemed unfathomable that it had been nearly 20 years since she'd been taken from him. Her death was a crisis from which he'd never truly recovered.

His best friend and college roommate, Bob, had introduced them. He made Synth-Holovids and Linda had been one of his top stars. She was the leading lady that men dreamed about. And after that first date, Brent no longer had to dream. She was his from that moment on.

He knew he was in love with Linda when he watched one of the Holovids and wanted to punch out the guy she was kissing. She told him, with a giggle, that he better not watch one of the raunchier ones. He'd likely have wanted to kill the guy during the sex scenes.

He proposed to her soon after, and their marriage was wonderful. The sex was even more amazing, she was a very willing and versatile partner. Linda gave great head. She'd do anything he wanted. She had shared him with her girlfriend Diana. She had let him fuck her ass once (but neither of them liked it much, so that was the only time). She dressed in the sexy outfits that delighted them both. She was a lover and a best friend, all he'd ever wanted.

Brent panicked when Linda Lee became ill. When she died, he was inconsolable. Years after her death, he sat there watching all the Holovids, feeling the "touch" of her from the mechanisms, the vibrations simulating her touch. It wasn't quite his beloved - he knew her touch better than anyone - but it was some consolation.

Some years later, Bob had become one of the leading pioneers in Synth- Simaltron technology. Seeing his friend's distress, he brought Kimber to Brent's attention.

From the second he'd seen Kimber, Brent had felt alive again. He had used up most of his trust fund buying exclusive rights to her.

That night, he took Kimber to bed and made love to her. Foolish, making love to a Synth - not fucking her - but from that moment on, she was special. He ran his fingers through her hair, stroked her skin, looked deep into her violet eyes and sucked erotically on her nipples. He would have sworn that her moans of passion were real.

He kissed his way down her belly, watching her wriggle as he did so. It was cute, seeing the little goosebumps rise as her programming kicked in. She grew wet as he ate her pussy, the moans grew louder. As he fucked into her, his cock plunging in and out, harder and harder, deeper and deeper, he seemed to get an almost-loving response.

She "came" a few minutes later, and the afterplay was almost as good as the fucking. Well, of course it was - that was programmed as well.

After all this time, it had only gotten better. Brent felt genuine affection for her. In fact, if they were out walking and another man looked at her, he felt annoyed. He couldn't blame them, she was stunning. She had those long legs and a penchant for miniskirts - which puzzled him, since when did Synths have preferences? - and men looked, which just bugged him.

Kimber never seemed to mind his petty jealousies though. She seemed to find them cute and always took the time to remind Brent that she was his. Of course you are, he thought internally - I paid good money for that priviledge.

But there was so much more to it than that. She was attentive in so many ways, telling him over and over how special he was, fussing over him, actually seeming to care about how his day went.

And the sex was - amazing.

Kimber would lick and suck him with a tongue that bordered on the indecent. She would lick and lap and swirl that tongue around the head of his shaft. She would make this little cooing noise as she did so, tasting and licking, her eyes gleaming as she fellated him.

If he came, Kimber swallowed every drop without complaint. When he fucked her now, Kimber gave as good as she got. He'd pump into her hot, wet cunt. She'd be screaming back, "Oh, Brent darling, lover, fuck me, fuck me, make me come baby, fuckmefuckmefuckme!!" almost mindlessly. 

If he wanted it rougher, she was totally compliant. Her nails would dig into his back as he screwed her deeply, her pussy milking his cock as her legs locked around his back.

Kimber was always up for fun, but if he suggested anything too unusual, she'd balk. She would do it usually, but there would be hesitation. A Synth was not supposed to do that.

Why in hell was he so obsessed with finding out answers? Why was he - dare he say it - in love with her? There were mysteries that needed answering, so he called his old college roomie. 

Bob invited Brent to his workshop. When Brent arrived, Kimber was there already. Kimber herself didn't know why she'd come. Synths were not supposed to be curious either. They joined hands and walked in together.

Brent spoke first. "Bob, I have some questions." Kimber interjected "WE have some questions."

Bob stifled a bemused chuckle. "You mean to say, you two haven't figured it out yet?"

A look of confusion passed over both of their faces, which caused Bob to laugh again. Brent was beginning to feel very strange.

Bob continued on. "When Linda Lee knew she was dying, she came over here a lot. For days and hours on end, she supplied me with personal data, with voice patterns, with DNA scans, bits of personal trivia ... all the things that made her unique."

Brent answered, "Yeah, so?", still in the dark. The light was beginning to shine on Kimber, however.

"Buddy - I am the pioneer in design & technology for Sex-Synths. I developed a personality program with a virtually unlimited range. The program allows a Synth to be programmed with emotions, feelings, even silliness - all of the things that make us human, make us unique. Then I imprinted all of Linda Lee's data onto her ..." Bob pointed at Kimber "... and I hoped for the best. Which seems to be what I got!"

Brent was shocked, even moreso by seeing Kimber's calm reaction as she took it all in. "are you saying, for all intents and purposes, she is Linda Lee?" 

"No buddy - she is close, but she will change daily, be shaped by her environment and the things around her. Her reactions will be more her own, after a time. The same as anyone else, Kimber will adapt, constantly experiencing new emotions and feelings, her programming allows for a virtually unlimited amount of variables. So, go - be together, live together and be happy. You love each other, I can tell - which is great, love is for souls, not for bodies!" 

Kimber smiled and held out her hand. Brent took it and they walked out of the workshop together. "So, what do we do now?" she asked as they returned home.

"Now? Now, my love, we fuck!" he said, pushing her down on the bed and tearing off her miniskirt. 

Kimber laughed, fully delighted by the fact that she could laugh. Those laughs turned to moans in short order as Brent sucked at her body. His tongue was buried between her legs, his tongue manipulating her clit with skill. She writhed under her man's knowing tongue, arching herself up at his sucking mouth.

As he worked his magic on her pussy, flashes of her old life came into her head. Knowing must have unlocked some key programming. She pulled at his hair, remembering he liked that while he was eating pussy. She arched her cunt up at him, his tongue stabbing deeper into her fully-aroused twat. It was soaking wet now and she pulled him upwards.

"Enough lover!" she said, not being compliant for the first time.

"Demanding little bitch, aren't you?" Brent grinned at her.

"I always was and always will be!" she growled back as she licked at his prick with practiced strokes, getting him hard and ready. "Time to fuck!"

Without a word, he slammed into her, hard, fast, rough and with intense passion. In and out he moved, her fingernails raking at his buttocks as he went deeper inside of her. Harder and harder, with fury and passion, Brent fucked into her. His skin was glistening with sweat as he fucked his woman - which both of them knew she was again.

Finally, with a roar, he came and she followed shortly after. Panting, exhausted, tired, happy, they lay together. "Now what?" Kimber asked him.

"Now, my beautiful love, we live happily ever after!" he said, nuzzling her close and falling asleep in her arms.