 "Are you serious?" came Natalya's incredulous voice over the intercom. "Come on up and see for yourself," Inari replied, her voice still quiet. The clamor of movement from behind her let her know that everyone had left their posts to get a good look. "Oh, my God," Priya and Natalya said at the same time. 

The lights were still flashing across the hull from their position, but the name of the ship was clear as day. "Looks like those legends that you told me about are true Nats," Korsa said. "Yeah," Natalya squeaked, still in disbelief, "But I never thought that we'd actually be the ones to find one of lost ships from the Prometheus Project." 

"OK, time out," Taal'ani interjected. "It seems that I'm the only one left out of the loop about this. Could someone please explain what exactly this ship is and why it's so important?" Everyone else turned to look at her, not believing the words that spilled out of Taal'ani's mouth just now. "You never heard the legend of Project: Prometheus?" Natalya asked. 

"No, what was it exactly?" Natalya smiled and said, "Let me tell you what it was," as she put her arm around her Fel'caan crewmate and guided her back to the lounge, Korsa following along in their wake. 

As the two women retreated to the rear of the ship, Inari spun back to the controls and began moving along the length of the Leviathan class ship. "Pree, I need active scans of this thing," the captain commanded. "Aye captain!" Priya said, as she went back to the radar holo. A question popped into her head, which she then asked. "I'm curious though, what is our plan?" 

"The sheer value of such a ship is beyond what any of us here can imagine! We can't trust this to anyone else, so find me a hangar bay. We'll need to board this ship and find a way to power it up again." Inari continued. "If we can restore power, then we would be able to take it back to Alliance space ourselves. Who knows? This might be the big score we've been looking for!" 

********************** 

In the lounge, Natalya sat down and gestured for Taal'ani to do the same. "So, are you going to tell me about this legend of yours?" Taal'ani asked impatiently. "I'm sure that you've heard of Earth and much of its history, yeah?" Nats probed while leaning forward. "Bits and pieces, here and there," the Fel'caan woman replied. 

"I'm guessing that you've heard about the Unification War?" the engineer quizzed her friend. "Yeah, where Humanity began to put aside its differences for the common good. It wasn't easy though, what with the greedy elitists trying to keep everyone divided for their own gain." 

"That's right," Natalya said, eager to continue the story. "It was after the war, when humanity had put aside its differences that a discovery was made. In the Aegean Sea, beneath nearly a kilometer of rock, coral and sand, we found remnants of a massive ship." 

"Like the one that we found just now?" Taal'ani interjected. "Similar, yes," Natalya continued. "It was this ship that changed humanity's role in the galaxy. Aboard it, was all sorts of technology that far outstripped our own. Also, aboard the ship was a data archive of sorts. The language was ancient and would take some time to decipher." 

"I take it that it was as old as the ship?" Natalya huffed at being interrupted again but Kora's hand on her shoulder calmed her down. She looked up at the elder woman as Korsa said, "Short version Nats. You have the history file. Make a copy for Talon if she wants the details." 

Natalya pouted but nodded in acquiescence, as she turned back to continue her tale. "So humanity tried for the longest time to figure out the language but it was proving to be impossible. Someone had the brilliant idea of mixing mathematics into the language programs, as a means of trying to figure it out and we finally made some progress." 

"Eventually we cracked a portion of it. It was less than ten percent but it was enough to decode a few thousand petabytes of the logs and schematics. There were a great many technological wonders that had yet to be discovered, all chronicled within it. Soon after, using what we had learned, we entered into an age of peace and prosperity," Natalya's face had taken on a faraway look, imagining what it must have been like to live in such a time. 

"So, where do these ships fit in with this?" Taal'ani asked. "Not long after the archive was cracked, every entry recorded and catalogued, the Earth High Council, unanimously decided that it was past time that humanity reach for the stars," Nats went on. "We had grown enough as a species where we saw the universe as a place of learning, not as some conquest." 

"I really wish that more humans could adopt that attitude these days," Korsa said off handedly as she went to pour herself some vodka into a glass that she had retrieved. Natalya grunted noncommittally before continuing. 

"Using what we had learned from the archive, eight massive ships were constructed at the Armstrong shipyards, located equidistant from both Earth and Mars. They were designed for deep space voyages, to take humanity out amongst the galaxy. Thus, Project: Prometheus was born." 

"Their primary mission was to explore the space surrounding earth and beyond. To catalogue and mark everything they encountered as they voyaged though the galaxy. Much of the galaxy was still unexplored to us and though there was a map in the archive, it was dated to millions of years before." 

"So everything about star positioning and what the galaxy was like, was rendered useless," the Fel'caan woman supplied. "Exactly, but the star charts could still be used as reference points. These ships weren't just designed as colony ships, but also they carried all the knowledge that we had massed in our time, as well as being flying space stations. They were equipped with on board foundries, machine shops, hydroponics, you name it, it was on there." 

Taal'ani blew out a low whistle, "Sounds like these things were designed to be self-sustaining battle fleets!" Chagrined, the chocolate skinned woman progressed with her tale. "That was one of the uses that it was made for, but not its primary purpose. The weapons it was armed with was designed to defend, and the ships it would create were capable of fighting if needed. Just because we had become more peaceful, it was foolish to assume that the rest of the galaxy would be as well." 

"What kind of weapons was it armed with? What were the specs on it? Where were they headed?" Taal'ani yammered excitedly. Gesturing in a calming motion Nats finished up the story. "No one really knows, as nearly everything on them was highly classified. After they had launched, the ships had been gone maybe twenty years before we lost all transmissions. Soon after, we had made first contact with the Xuul'khan" 

"Well, we all know what happened after that," Taal'ani said rather darkly. "Indeed, but now, we may have some answers!" Natalya jabbered. "If story time is over, I need you back in your suit Nats," Inari's voice came in over the ships comm system. "You too Talon." 

Rising from their seats, the trio made their way to the cargo hold. As they descended, Natalya called out, "You found something captain?" They all hit the deck, Nats was still in her suit, so she walked to where her helmet and gauntlets were, having divested herself of them earlier. While Korsa helped Taal'ani with her suit, their captain continued. 

"A way in. There's a hangar bay on the starboard side that looks like it's been pried open a little. I need both of you out there to open it fully, so we can get in," Natalya's eyes widened in anticipation. "We're boarding?!?" she cried out gleefully. "That we are and we need all hands on deck." 

"You can count on us captain!" Taal'ani replied, her excitement evident in her voice. She had donned her suit and was busy latching her arm computer to her gauntlet. Then, she grabbed her thruster pack and Natalya's as well. Hurrying over, her mag boots clomping on the floor, she helped Nats with attaching it to her suit and then turned around. The human woman then did the same for her, ensuring that it was fitted properly. 

Double checking that she hadn't missed anything, she grabbed her helmet and secured it in place. "Slow down there Talon! We're not on a clock here," Korsa chuckled as she finished helping her crewmate secure her vacc suit. "I know, but still, this is something that is beyond awesome!" Taal'ani was practically bouncing, she was so excited. 

Natalya had finished locking her helmet and gauntlets into place and re-ran another vacc test. Smirking, Korsa looked at them both and shook her head. "Like kids on Christmas morning." 

"Can you blame us Mama K? This is something that no one else has found yet and we are the first ones to find it!" Korsa thought about it for a second then nodded. "Fair enough, but don't take any unnecessary risks. You have everything you need?" 

"If we need anything we'll give you a shout!" Talon piped up over the comms, the helmet muting any sound she would have otherwise made. Walking over to the door controls, the Khontar woman activated the containment field by the bay doors. "Seals good?" Korsa asked once more before opening the bay doors. "Yeah mama, we're good," both women giving Korsa the thumbs up. 

Seeing that they had both uploaded their test results to her console, the large woman checked them out. Noting that they were green across the board, she opened the doors, allowing the women to step out into space. She then closed the doors, after they had cleared the field. Sighing, Korsa couldn't help but be a bit excited herself, as what they were doing was quite literally, a historic event. 

********************** 

Coasting along towards the center of the Perseus, both women had launched themselves from the hull of their freighter. Using their thrusters, they closed the gap to the derelict ship, eager to get inside. Flipping about to land feet first, the crew mates fired their thrusters briefly to slow their velocity as they neared the hangar bay doors that their navigator had spotted. 

Once they were a few meters away, they activated their mag boots, instantly clunking onto the hull of the Perseus. "OK, we're on. Heading towards the doors," Natalya reported. As they moved along the length of the ship, both women couldn't help but stare in awe and wonder at the relic that they stood upon. Their movement towards the doors was slow but they didn't have to go far. 

As they approached, both women couldn't help but notice the sheer size of the doors. They were easily large enough to accommodate a destroyer, possibly even a heavy cruiser. "These things are massive! Any idea how we're going to get them open Nats?" Taal'ani asked. "All human tech has always had a manual override when something can't or won't function. We just need to find the correct panel where it's hidden." 

"Makes sense. Where do you need me?" the Fel'caan woman queried. "Once we find the switch, see if you can find a data port or something that you can manually link into," Natalya replied. "Any help you can give in opening these doors is welcome," she finished as she continued her search for the override switch. 

"You got it!" Talon chirped as she kept her eyes open for anything out of the ordinary. They rounded the edge of the door, still looking for their way into the gargantuan ship. Though the doors had been opened a bit, it wasn't enough for anyone to squeeze through. Taal'ani noticed a few points that looked like they might be viable candidates for where the switch would be located. "You see these recessed panels here Nats?" 

"Good eye Talon! Check each one and see if they open," the caramel skinned woman responded. Getting to work, they spent several minutes trying to pry the plating away from the ship. It wasn't until Natalya tried with a plate, located in the dead center of the bottom half of the door frame. 

The panel popped up, then split in half, like a set of double doors, revealing both the manual switch and some sort of interface. "Found it!" Natalya shouted triumphantly. "Good work Nats! Can you get it open?" She stared at the switch for a moment, noting a glaring difficulty. "It looks like its locked into place." 

The two handed switch was indeed locked down by a brace of titanium bands, which prevented it from being used. Next to it was a digital interface of sorts, which Taal'ani had spotted and was immediately bringing up her cracking programs. "I may have a way in ladies," Talon spoke as she concentrated on her hacking deck. "Stand by." 

She pulled up every program in her arsenal, linking with the Darkstrider to provide her with the boost of power that she needed. "Looks like the power levels here are weak. I might be able to undo the lock but that's it. Anything else, I'm going to have to physically get inside and try my magic that way." 

"As long as you can get it open, we should be able to work around the rest," came the eager reply of their captain. The cipher on this security node was annoyingly complex. The form of it shifted every thirty seconds, which prompted Taal'ani to start all over in bypassing it. Nearly ten minutes later, she was still having issues trying to get past it. "Do you need me to get any closer Talon? The link to your system might need a boost." came Inari's concerned reply over the comms. "The signal is fine; I've just never encountered anything quite this intricate!" Taal'ani retorted. 

The Fel'caan woman cried out in frustration, angry that she couldn't by pass a simple security protocol. Forcing herself to calm down, she closed her eyes and simply looked at the program. She knew that this was going to be a bit complex, but this was proving to be something that might be beyond her abilities. Then, for a brief moment, she spotted what looked like a repeat in the code structure. 

Surprise flitted across her face, then as she studied the code further, she did see the hidden pattern within it. "It can't be...a Skorean code??" Awe replaced her surprise as her eyes danced across the screen, following the code trail. Natalya turned to look at her crew mate, "What's a Skorean code?" 

Her head suddenly racing with a solution, Taal'ani dove back into the code frame with renewed vigor, babbling as she worked. "A Skorean code is a security code structure that employs multiple programs, all running at the same time. Each program is different though, the structure of each, unique. It runs each one for a brief amount of time, before switching to a new program entirely, making a hack nearly impossible." 

"So, you can crack it?" came Priya's voice over the comms, laced with hope. "I don't know," Taal'ani replied. "No one has tried, because it's still theoretical. No working prototypes exist." 

She followed the code pattern as best she could, continuing her trek through the differing programs, spotting the points that she needed to change in the code. Once the changes were made, the code began to simplify, changing at slower intervals. Heartened by the progress she made, Taal'ani continued to delve into it, making additional changes needed to slow the code shift. 

One more and I should be able to cut through, Talon thought to herself as she advanced to the final stage of code. A few moves here, a change or two there...and... the code shift stopped then. Exclaiming in disbelief, Taal'ani then initiated her protocol breaker. The interface, previously lit in red, switched instantaneously to green. 

A moment later, the bands holding the manual override switch in place, clunked back into the ship. "Now Nats! I don't know how long it will stay unlocked!" Talon yelled. Not needing to be told twice, Natalya grabbed it with both hands and pulled with all her might. The switch resisted at first, but gave way after a three second struggle. 

As it clicked outwards, the doors began to open. They groaned, as though in protest at their rest being disturbed, though they did not slow in opening. As they slid into the ships recesses, several large chunks of metal flew away from the doors, being the reason they were partially open in the first place. "Awesome job Talon, as always!" Inari cried out in jubilation, as she guided the Darkstrider into the now open hangar. 

Still not quite believing what she had done, Taal'ani fired back nonchalantly, "Hey, I aim to please." Raucous laughter answered her over the comms, as the freighter glided right over the space walking women and settled into the bay. Landing gear out, it set itself just past the doors, landing lightly. 

Following the ship in, both women cleared the doors as they walked over to where the ship was parked. As they reached the halfway mark between the ship and the doors, they heard the familiar groan of the bay doors. Turning, Natalya and Taal'ani watched as the hangar bay doors began to close. 

"Shit!" Natalya cursed, as she ran as fast as she could, back to the doors. "What's happening?!?" came a worried question. "The doors are closing behind us! I'm going to try to stop them!" 

"Nats, you won't make it! They're closing too fast!" Taal'ani warned. Try as she might, Natalya couldn't get there in time. The doors closed just meters in front of her face, only this time, they sealed shut properly, internal locks clunking into place. Screaming out in rage, Nats pounded the doors, as though her meager show of force would open them. 

"Did we just get locked in here??" Priya asked over the comms. "Looks like," Taal'ani responded. "Though this time, the doors are completely closed, so we won't have to worry about getting sucked out. There's no air out here though. You'll all have to suit up if you're going to step out here." 

"Copy that. We'll be along in ten minutes," Inari declared. Taal'ani walked over to her distressed friend. "Hey," she said softly, while grabbing her friends arms and hauling her to her feet. "There's nothing you could have done. We're in here now, so we should make the best of it and try to find a way out of here." 

Scoffing dejectedly, Natalya responded, "You're sounding a bit like Mama K." Laughing softly, "She does have a lot of wise teachings that are worth learning," Talon said as she led her friend back to their ship. "Sometimes, it's easier said than done," Natalya laughed bitterly. "Oh believe me, I know," the Fel'caan woman said off handedly, reminiscing on her own past. 

"So, any ideas, now that we're stuck here?" the cat woman asked as they waited for the rest of their crew. "Well, first we have to find our way to engineering," Natalya asserted, sounding more confident than she felt. "Pree picked up some power readings, so the reactor to this place isn't completely dead. I should get all of my tools, so that whatever we may need, we have, without having to run back and forth." 

"What did you have in mind?" Taal'ani asked, intrigued. "Whatever this reactor is, it was built by human hands and since that is the likely case, I should be able to either repair it or give the jump start that it needs to start climbing back to full power," Nats stated hopefully. 

The darkness of the hangar bay hung over them, like an oppressive shadow, waiting to devour them. The lights from their ship kept it at bay and illuminated the immediate surroundings. Many different sorts of garbage and debris littered the area, making it seem as though they were standing at the bottom of a trash compactor rather than a hangar bay. 

Along with the various items that appeared to be broken tools and ruptured containers, there was also a smattering of what seemed to be frozen, human body parts. Poor bastards, Natalya thought to herself, shivering involuntarily. Imagining dying in such a manner was almost too much for the young woman to bear. 

A loud hiss interrupted her speculations, as the doors to the Darkstrider opened and the ramp slid down. "A good plan by the sounds of it. Hop inside and get what you need, we'll secure the area out here. Talon, think you can get us inside?" Inari stated as she stepped up to both women, resplendent in her Mark three marine suit. 
