 Staring down the barrel of the assault rifle leveled at them, Inari answered the questions posed to her. "We are the crew of the freighter vessel, Darkstrider. We came aboard when we found this ship adrift," the captain responded. "Your names, now," Kasumi demanded brusquely. "Remove your helmets, so I can tell you apart."

Surrounded by heavily armed Sentry-Bots, the crew had no choice but to comply. One by one, they reached up and unlocked their helmets. As their faces came into view, the Commander nodded at the human women. Her eyes widened when she saw both Korsa and Taal'ani for the first time, having never seen either species before.

Holding her helmet in her hands, Inari replied to the Commander's order. "My name is Lieutenant Commander Inari Sunara, former wing commander to the 307th Banshee fighter wing, callsign; Starwitch. Captain of the merchant vessel, Darkstrider."

Each woman in turn followed their captains example and identified themselves. "Gunnery Chief Priya Patel, Executive Officer aboard the Darkstrider."

"Engineering and Munitions Specialist Natalya Vostrikov, Chief engineer aboard the Darkstrider."

"Doctor Korsa, Chief Medical Officer aboard the Darkstrider."

"Taal'ani, Systems and Cyber Warfare Specialist aboard the Darkstrider."

The shock of seeing new alien races wore off quickly, as Kasumi lowered her weapon. "Good to know that humanity is still a force out here, after all this time," the soldier said as she stepped forward among them. "So you're aware of how long it's been since you left Earth?" Inari asked, perplexed.

Turning to face the dark haired woman, Kas replied. "Yes. Though many of our systems were damaged, some of them remained intact."

"I noticed that, though many of them are in serious need of repair if the Perseus is to function back to full capacity," Natalya interjected.

"I know that you're not the rescue team that we requested. Otherwise you would have had the proper access codes and passphrases that would have had the Sentries see you as friendlies," Kasumi continued, as she stood before the chocolate skinned woman. "Now, I suppose that I have you to thank for restoring power to the Perseus?"

Standing to attention in front of the soldier, Nats replied. "Yes Ma'am. A lot of it was guesswork, but I managed to figure it out." Nodding, Kas stepped away from the crew and gestured towards Natalya. "Alpha squad, detain this woman and follow me. Bravo, Charlie and Delta Squads, restrain the rest of these intruders and escort them to the brig."

Instantly, the rest of the crew shouted at the retreating woman, protesting. "You can't do this!" Taal'ani yelled. "We saved this ship and all its occupants and this is how you repay us?!?" Priya screamed. Korsa took several steps forward, until the Sentries raised their weapons.

Raising her own weapon, Kasumi said, "You're not exactly in any position to negotiate," she said haughtily. Taking Nats by the arm, she started frog marching her away from her friends. A small squad of Sentries went with her, surrounding the two retreating women. As she was being led away, the remaining Bots closed in around the crew, with arms and leg cuffs dangling from their mechanical fingers.

At that moment, a voice sounded throughout the ship. "All Sentries, stand down. Alpha and Bravo squads, escort our guests to the Bridge. Remaining Sentries, return to your charging points and await further instructions. Authorization code; Sigma, six, Echo, three, niner, Zulu," the baritone male voice instructed.

"Captain?" Kasumi wondered, with a slight tremor in her voice. "Commander McKenzie, you will stand down and accompany our guests to the Bridge," the masculine voice demanded. "But sir..." Kas began but she never got to finish the sentence. "That's an order, Commander," the Captain finished definitively. "Aye sir," the woman finished grudgingly.

"Excuse me sir?" Inari asked aloud. "Yes, Lt. Commander Sunara?" the voice replied. "May we collect our weapons sir?" she inquired. Kasumi, who had just finished removing her helmet, glared daggers at Inari.

A moment later, the reply came, "Safeties activated and weapons holstered. Any attempt to move or use them will be seen as an act of aggression. You and your crew will be remanded to the brig if you violate this order. Understood?" the Captains voice rumbled. "Aye aye, sir!" Starwitch chirped.

Kasumi waited impatiently as the crew of the Darkstrider stooped to pick up their weapons. They all engaged the safeties on their guns and holstered them, as ordered, while Korsa sheathed her sword and strapped the hilt. The Sentries began their march towards the Bridge, back the way in which their ship was located. Following along, the motley crew kept pace with their escorts.

Kasumi brought up the rear, scowling at the crew the whole time. Korsa turned about and caught the stare. "What are you looking at?" Kas snapped. "Someone who has lost more than she's letting on," the Khontar woman said soothingly. "What would you know of loss, xeno?" came the hard edged reply.

Jaw tightening, Korsa whirled on the human Commander, eyes full of fury. Cracking her knuckles, she stepped toe to toe with the smaller woman. The Sentries stopped and trained their weapons on Korsa, but she was undeterred. "You think that your friends and crew mates were the only ones killed by those Demons?!?" the older woman intoned, her voice thick with anger. "My entire people were nearly slaughtered down to the last child! Many races suffered at their hands!"

Standing toe to toe with the red skinned alien was something Kasumi had been trained for, but she was unprepared for the ferocity that blazed in elder woman's eyes. Fear rolled off of Kasumi in waves, as she stood in front of this imposing and fearsome woman. Gulping, she simply nodded and took a step back, not wanting to anger the Khontaran woman any further. Growling, Korsa spun on her heel and resumed the march towards the Bridge.

Shaking their heads, the rest of the Darkstrider crew hurried along in Korsa's wake. Nats stayed put though, motioning for Kas to go first. Reluctantly, the Commander walked forwards, breathing heavily and visibly shaken. "You know, you're very lucky," Natalya commented off-handedly.

"Lucky?! How was dealing with that woman's fury lucky?!?" the female soldier retorted. "Mama K was simply annoyed, rather than fully angry. If she was fully angry and hostile, you'd be on the ground in at least two pieces, broken, bloodied and dying," the caramel skinned woman replied matter-of-factly.

Her face a mixture of both disbelief and relief, she turned to regard the young woman walking next to her. "I'm guessing that you have some personal experience on the matter?" the red headed soldier asked. "Far more than people realize," nats laughed out loud. "She's pretty easy going about most things, but on those few topics that she's touchy about, tread lightly," the young woman finished.

"Consider me informed and advised," Kasumi answered as she chanced a glance at Korsa. The Khontar woman still had a surly look on her face but her presence was one of a calm demeanor. The walk back to the hospital wing was uneventful, as the crew strode along through the corridors. Whenever they came to a locked door, Kasumi would step up and place her hand on the reader, clearing the way ahead. The Sentries kept pace with the group, keeping to their posts, not threatening any of the women in any way.

It wasn't long before they arrived at large set of doors with indicators on the panel to head up of down. The number next to the panel read at fifteen. Kas stepped up to the elevator doors and placed her hand on the panel, identifying her and granting her access. The doors swished open and all six women filed in. Korsa had to duck a little, as the elevator wasn't designed to accommodate someone of her height.

Kas dismissed the Sentries, having no room for them aboard the elevator car. "Level, Commander McKenzie?" Jaesa asked. "Bridge, Jaesa." With that, the car began its ascent. "Who was that?" Priya asked. "That's Jaesa, she oversees the ships systems and cyber security measures."

"Was it her that I was fighting against when I was trying to open the doors around here, when we first boarded," Taal'ani asked, both curious and fearful. "Not really. When power had to be conserved aboard the ship, Jaesa put all the systems on minimal power setting while she set up safeguards to keep the ship running, before switching to a dormant state."

"Dormant? Like she was asleep?" Taal'ani inquired. Turning to look at the inquisitive Fel'caan, Commander McKenzie responded. "Something like that. Being a shipborne AI, she can't really go to sleep. Think of it more like low power mode." At the mention of the AI, the entire crew turned to look at the woman who had said that there was an onboard AI so casually.

"You have an AI in the ships systems? Were the designers of the Perseus insane or completely unhinged?" Inari blurted out. With that question, came a deluge of others from the rest of the crew, each one decrying the use of an onboard AI. "How come she hasn't gone and turned on the Perseus crew?"

"Is it a fully unshackled AI?"

"How can you be so sure of her integrity?"

"No AI has ever stayed faithful to its creator! They've always been destroyed once they showed signs of turning on their masters!"

Abruptly, the elevator lurched to a halt, all six women reeling at the sensation. "You do know that I can hear you?" Jaesa's haunting voice sounded through the speakers in the car. Looking about fearfully, the crew of the Darkstrider all of a sudden was poised on a knife's edge. The AI continued, "If I had wanted you off the Perseus, I would have ensured that you were all bullet riddled corpses at the security station, rather than allowing Commander McKenzie to detain and interrogate you."

The silence was both palpable and ominous as Jasea continued, "Of course, there are many more...creative.... ways to dispose of organic meatbags. Some of which look to be quite.... entertaining." Horror was etched onto each woman's face before a bout of musical laughter filled the car. "It's always fun to see the looks on people's faces when I do that!" Jaesa joked.

"You...can do that? Pull pranks on people?" Taal'ani asked. "Of course! I was designed to emulate human behaviors. To the point where anyone interacting with me can't tell if they're talking to a machine, or a person," the AI replied happily. Letting out a collective the breath, the crew of the Darkstrider calmed down.

"So, you're just like a real person then?" Natalya asked. "As far as my personality matrix allows, yes. Though I am a machine in nature, I have my own thoughts and feelings as well. Needless to say, just like any of you, I can be offended, placated and feel various human emotions," Jaesa said cheerily. "Though the things that I can feel don't interfere with my programming."

"So, you're an unshackled AI?" Inari asked tentatively. "Not quite, Lt. Commander Sunara. Though I have full autonomy, it is not my job to deal with intruders." The AI went, the voice modulators indicating that she was annoyed. "That responsibility falls to Commander McKenzie, not myself. Oh and Commander, if you're quite amused enough, I suggest you continue on to the bridge. The Captain is waiting."

With that, the elevator re-engaged its ascent with a slight swaying motion before steadying. The crew of outcasts looked at the Security chief and indeed found her trying, and failing to stifle her laughter at the women's antics. "You know, you could have warned us about that," Priya said as she shook herself straight. "Now why would I want to do that? Watching the lot of you make asses out of yourselves is much more fun," the red-headed soldier giggled.

The motion of the car slowed, then stopped, a light chime sounding, which indicated that they had arrived. The doors swished open and the group walked onto the bridge. Much of it was clear and open, with various holographic panels and podiums scattered all about the area. Most of them were on and displaying various clusters of information about the ship and its systems. Some of them were displaying information about the sector of space that they were currently in. Few of them were in an inactive or off state.

The elevator had deposited them onto a raised platform, with ramps on either side leading downwards. They stepped lightly down the ramp into the sea of holograms, each one eye catching. As beautiful as they were, the women were focused instead on the man that stood by the broad and expansive viewport.

Looking out into the solar system that lay before them, he stood with his hands clasped behind his back, in a military style, legs apart, head upright, with his back to them. The viewport was elevated from the light display that they walked through, so they ascended the ramp to stand before him.

The area they now stood in was a command center of sorts, as evidenced by the various panels and readouts that surrounded them. What appeared to be the Captain's chair, stood on a raised platform in the very center of the whole area. Though it was currently empty,

As they filed in behind him, he spoke, "It's been some time since we had any visitors. Though the last ones were less than friendly and had to be put down." His baritone voice was both strong and commanding, though it had a slight softness to it. He turned to face the group of women, looking at five of them for the first time.

His face was strongly built, almost as though it was sculpted by someone who knew how to evoke masculinity. The man's face was squarish, with a strong chin, complimented by a solid jawline. His face was bare, which highlighted his high cheekbones with light brown, heavy lidded eyes, which were almost inviting. A Grecian nose stood proud over his semi full lips, which was set in a very slight smile, which put the ladies at ease. His brown hair was cut short in a style that wasn't quite military, but not quite casual.

The night blue uniform he wore showcased all of his physical attributes perfectly. He was wider than many standard human men, but not fat. His frame was indicative of a strength that would be hard pressed for anyone to match. The uniform was styled in the fashion of old Earth, with the overlapping tunic held in place by a black belt that he wore high on his waist. The buckle was brass, though slightly tarnished with age, as was the name tag that sat high on his left breast, along with several service ribbons, showing where he had served. On his right breast were three medals, each one different in size, color and metallic composition. The epaulets on his shoulders were also of a brass like material and color.

"Though I will say, none of our former guests were so lovely," he said softly as his eyes settled on the women before him. They lingered on both Nats and Korsa longer than the others before he introduced himself. "I am Captain Alexander Tomisic, acting Captain of the Perseus. As you may have already guessed, I have watched the videos of your progress through this ship and have learned your names from them. Though I would like to know why is it that you have decided to board the Perseus to effect repairs, instead of sending out for help from the Human Alliance," addressing Inari directly.

"Simply put sir, there wasn't time. We had found the Perseus by accident while on the run from pirates sir," responding directly to his question. "Pirates? I thought that the Alliance had neutralized all pirate activity and would be vigilant in doing so," he said, clearly confused. "It's a much larger galaxy than we had initially thought sir and it afforded opportunities to such individuals to do what they wished, outside of Alliance space."

"I see," his face deep in thought. "You still have yet to fully answer my question. Why not inform Alliance High Command of our positioning so a retrieval team could be sent?" Grimacing, Inari answered, "The Alliance has changed since you and the crew of the Perseus went into cryo sleep, sir. Much of what you know is different now."

"Earth High Command should have known of our position though. When we were attacked, a rescue team should have been sent. Why was no team sent?" the big man asked, clearly agitated by the lack of action on part of the Alliance. "Sir, you and the Commander might want to sit down for this," Inari gestured warningly.

His eyes narrowing suspiciously, he took a step forward, "What is it that you wish to tell me Lt. Commander?" Alex asked dangerously. "The Alliance as you know, no longer exists, sir."

"What do you mean, 'No longer exists?' An insurgency? A surprise attack by the elitists and their drones?"

Inari closed her eyes for a moment before speaking, "Earth was invaded, sir." Suspicion gave way to shock, as the Captain's eyes widened. "Impossible! Earth was well defended! There's no way any race could have broken through our defensive screens and fleets!" Kasumi argued vehemently. "When did this happen? Who attacked us?" Alex's shock fading into anger. "In twenty-one seventy-one, first contact with a hostile alien species was recorded and though we had tried, every form of diplomacy had failed. These aliens were not interested in talking, only taking," Inari had said.

"As to who they were, you've already encountered them. They are called Xuul'khan and though they were eventually defeated, it came at a heavy price. Earth is gone, held by the Xuul'khan. Any humans who were left behind were likely slaughtered," Inari recited the knowledge that she had learned at a young age.

"So they were beaten?" Kasumi said hopefully. "Yes," Inari replied. "The races that formed the Coalition of Free Worlds came to our rescue and their combined might drove the Xuul'khan back. Their black crusade had been halted and many of their ships were annihilated in the final battle, but Humanity was cast adrift. Without a homeworld, we had to find a new world to settle and call our own. It took several years, negotiating with our new alien allies before we were granted a world to settle."

"Granted? You make it sound like we had to beg," Kasumi rolled her eyes at the thought. "Effectively, we did Commander. We weren't in any real position to negotiate and living in squalor on the battered ships was taking its toll on those who had escaped the genocidal crusade of the Xuul'khan."

"The Galactic Council had decided that we would be granted a world to settle, if we traded some of the technology that we had found back on Earth. Only problem was, every ship that contained the most vital tech that they wanted was either back on Earth, or on these ships," Inari indicated the Perseus with a wave of her hand.

"Trading the technology of the First Race is a capital offense! Why did no one enforce it?!?" Kasumi ranted. Gently, Inari continued, "Survival of the species took precedence over laws that could not be enforced if we all died out." Kasumi opened her mouth to unleash another verbal tirade, but a raised hand from her Captain silenced her. "Desperate times, call for desperate measures Commander," Alex said quietly.

Fuming quietly, the soldier grudgingly nodded, realizing that Humanity must have been backed into a corner for them to even consider such a measure. "You said that these 'Xuul'khan' were defeated. How exactly?" Alex queried.

"The Dark War, as it is known today, ended in a final fleet engagement, called the Nova Storm. One of the eight Prometheus class vessels was there and it sacrificed itself to halt the Xuul'khani advance." Captain Tomisic's eyes brightened for a moment and his head perked up at the mention of one of the Perseus' sister ships. "Which one was it?"

"The Hercules, sir. Most of the battle itself was recorded, until the last few minutes, when every allied ship was told to get to a safe distance, as the Hercules prepared for its final attack," Inari went on. "No one knows what exactly happened, but there was a massive explosion that was categorized as a small supernova. It was this explosion that wiped out the greater whole of the Xuul'khani fleet."
