 Author's Note: First off, I'd like to apologize for the time that it took for me to get this chapter hammered out. Being a husband, a father, a working tradesman putting in overtime and an involved member in my child's school community does tend to tax any spare time that I have. Thankfully, the last two weeks have seen some of these responsibilities lessen somewhat and in a flurry of activity, I have managed to catch up a little bit. Secondly, I'm still woefully behind where I should be on the story progression and will endeavor to release subsequent chapters at a two to three week pace rather than a two to three month one. Finally, during this brief reprieve, I have managed to hammer out some additional story ideas onto paper and will be releasing them from time to time, as my schedule allows. Check my profile page for updates on said stories if you'd like. That's enough of me blathering about my problems for today. Please, enjoy the chapter!

Slowly, Inari's eyes pried themselves open, as consciousness started returning to her mind. "Ugh...." the middle eastern woman ground out. Her vision started clearing as she blinked. At first, Inari started moving her head slowly, a massive headache pounding its way through her skull. Clutching her head, she leaned forward, groaning in pain. Pushing past her pain, Inari unbuckled herself from the pilot seat and stood up.

Shaking her head slightly to clear her vision further, Inari stumbled while making her way towards the rear of the ship. "Pree? Korsa?" she called out weakly. She navigated around the various items that littered the floor, before stopping in the doorway to the ship's med bay. Like the rest of the ship, the whole room was an utter mess, with medical equipment and supplies strewn haphazardly, like a tornado had just been through.

Inari found Korsa sprawled atop Priya, using her large frame to shield her XO from anything that might have hurt her in the crash. Panic gripped the captain as she saw that there was blood, both human red and Khontaran orange. Though most of the blood was orange, that was staining the bed that her lover lay on, it didn't stop her from fearing the worst. Hearing both grunting and groaning a moment later, Inari let out a breath that she hadn't realized that she was holding.

Despite the large woman's attempt to shield her friend, the bed was too large for her to cover effectively. Unlike most ships, the med bay on the Darkstrider was equipped to handle patients that were at least Korsa's size and bigger. Priya almost seemed child sized while she lay there, strapped into the bed. Various bottles and packets that surrounded both women, shifted as they both tried to move.

"Though I do appreciate the assist Korsa, you are kind of crushing me," Priya said with a weak laugh.

"Unless I get some help, you'll just have to stay flattened, like that Naan bread you like so much," Korsa growled in pain. She tried to move, but the sheer amount of supplies on her back, kept Korsa stuck where she was.

Moving forward as quickly as she could, Inari went to help Korsa up and cleared several boxes away from the prone women. Brushing away the multiple packets and other implements, Inari grabbed Korsa by the arms, attempting to help her stand. Hissing in pain, Korsa looked to her right side. She saw that one of her arms was pinned, by a large and heavy medical scanner and it was bent at an odd angle. On top of which, there was a large wet blotch on her arm where the scanner had hit her, that was bleeding steadily.

Shifting around behind her friend, Inari managed to move behind the big woman and pulled the cumbersome machine off her arm. Breathing out in relief, Korsa then pushed herself off of her crew mate and could finally stand. She cradled her lower right arm, which had clearly been broken and was the source of most of the blood. Inari looked Priya over as she removed the bracing straps. She had taken some cuts during the crash which bled, but they were all superficial, as far as she could tell.

"Swaka nach dyn!" Korsa cursed as she hopped and lay back against the wall next to the doorway. "What is it?" Inari asked as she helped her lover to sit up. Wincing, Korsa lifted her left leg carefully, taking care not to move it too quickly. "I'm pretty sure that my ankle is broken, judging by the amount of pain that's shooting though my leg right now."

"Shit! Stay put for a moment. I'll move Pree then come back and help," Inari told her friend. After taking a few minutes to clear the area some, Inari loosened the once white sheets and scooped up Priya in them. Linking her arms behind her captain's neck, Priya nuzzled close to Inari as she was carried out of the Med bay. Far more coherent than she was when she first woke up, Inari managed to take her XO back to her quarters without too much trouble.

Since Inari kept her quarters meticulously clean, there was very little thrown around in the room. Navigating the room and clearing the bed of the various nick knacks and clothes, took all of a few seconds and Inari lay her XO down on the bed gently. Looking at the horrid burns that were left behind from her armor, Inari smiled and kissed her love on the forehead, before retreating back to the Med bay.

Korsa was right where she left her, still leaning against the med bay wall. After taking another ten minutes to sort the area some, Inari helped the wounded woman to the bed. "While you were gone, I took a look at everything around here and thankfully, most of what's here is still usable," Korsa said as she nursed her broken arm.

"That's good to know, considering the mess we're in right now," Inari huffed as she lay her massive friend down onto the bed.

Hissing in pain at the movement, Korsa shifted her legs, trying to find a more comfortable position on the bed. Once she was settled, Inari went straight to a cupboard located to the right of the bed. Opening it, a cool mist flowed outwards, the chilled air wafting towards the woman. Inari dug through it for a moment, moving aside the various packages of blood that lay within, until she found what she needed.

Pulling two large sealed packs of orange colored blood, Inari went to work, closing the small door with a nudge. Connecting them to a large tube, she placed the bags on a hanging hook that protruded from the bulkhead, just above the bed. Turning back to where the cupboard was, Inari rummaged around the junk that she had dumped on the counter beneath it several minutes ago. After a few moments, she found the proper gauge of needle that she needed, set it onto an empty surgical tray and went back to her friend.

Maintaining consciousness, Korsa turned her head towards her friend, eyeing her work. "Looks like the training I've drummed into you is actually starting to pay off," the Khontaran woman chuckled. Flicking her gaze downwards, Inari couldn't help but smirk, as she began removing the armor plates on Korsa's arm. Her fingers danced along the smooth metal, finding the hidden catches to make the plates fall away from Korsa's vacc suit.

Once the relevant plates were removed, Inari went to work, loosening the sleeve on the large woman's busted arm. As she peeled the material back, the extent of the damage was laid bare. Part of the arm bone had punched through the skin, the sharp point tearing through the skin savagely. Large gouts of blood were slathered all across her arm, the hardened material of the suit forcing it to spread evenly.

"Damn!" Inari breathed after surveying the damage.

"How bad is it?" Korsa asked through clenched teeth, keeping her head still.

"A severe break, easy. You're lucky it's not a compound fracture," Inari replied.

"Ah shit! This is going to hurt, but I need you to go and grab both the Khontaran Med-Gel and the Torean wound sealer," the large woman ordered in a clinical voice, as she took a look at her wound.

Nodding, Inari turned back to the mess of supplies, searching out both items. Finding them in the space of several minutes, she turned back to her wounded friend, placing both items next to the busted arm. Wincing in pain, Korsa steadied herself for what was to come. "All right Korsa, I'm going to reset the broken bone. Brace yourself," the short haired woman warned.

Setting herself into a breathing exercise, the Khontaran woman waited. Taking a few moments, the captain shifted any obstructing flesh as best as she could, clearing a path for the bone. Focusing, Inari grabbed her friend's upper arm with her left hand, while gripping her wrist, the base of the broken bone in her right. In one swift motion, she angled her arm, realigning the broken limb with a snap and a crack.

A massive scream passed Korsa's lips, the pain of the reset too much for even her to contain. Using her fingers, Inari delved into the wound, checking for anything that might have stopped the bone from lining up into place. Finding that the bone was joined together again, she removed her fingers and reached for the Med-Gel. Applying a large dollop of it to the wound, the Gel automatically went to work. It cleaned the wound of any dead matter and disinfected it from any potential bacteria.

A cooling, soothing sensation spread over her arm, alleviating the pain that the big woman felt. A half relieved sigh escaped her, as the Gel's painkillers started kicking in, numbing the pain receptors of her arm. Her work only half done, Inari then grabbed the wound sealer and turned it on, the gentle healing beam slowly knitting the damaged flesh back together.

Taking her time, Inari dragged the sealer along the break ever so slowly, making sure that the flesh was fully healed before continuing down the gash. Several minutes later, the beam had done its work and Korsa's skin stood unblemished. Taking only a moment to clean her hands with some surgical wipes, the dusky skinned woman moved down to examine Korsa's left ankle.

Rolling the vacc suit material up, the swelling and bruising around the ankle was evident, the once cherry red skin now a shade of dark burgundy. Turning back to the cluttered counter Inari rummaged about some more and pulled out what appeared to be metallic bracers of some sort, along with a tablet shaped device.

The bracers were cylindrical in shape, with what appeared to be gel pads along the inner areas of the circular bangles. They were both connected by some sort of metallic wiring that kept the whole apparatus together. On each piece of equipment, there was also a small readout panel, that was currently blinking with a message that read 'Standby Mode'.

Carefully, Inari slid the bracers on both Korsa's injured arm and leg respectively. Once placed, the captain then powered up the tablet. After it turned on, it showcased a holographic display of it syncing with the medi-mechanical bracers that Korsa currently wore. Once the sync was complete, Inari then cycled through the options of species until she found Khontaran.

After making her selection, she then entered the injuries which her friend had sustained and uploaded them to the sleeve like machines. A brief loading screen later, the bracers then began to collapse on themselves and tighten. They formed to the contours of what the proper bone structure should be and settled into the shape required for a proper reset, reinforcing the now healed and slightly swollen flesh.

Gasping slightly, Korsa tested moving her arm and leg slightly and found that there was still a considerable amount of pain. Thanks in large part to the tech that she now wore, the Khontaran woman now had some semblance of mobility. Sitting up, she swung her legs off the edge of the bed and stepped down onto her right leg first, before stepping onto her left.

Groaning in pain, Korsa hit a small translucent panel on the upper left breast of her suit, in a small sequence of taps. On the final tap, the suit stopped molding itself to her and sagged on her frame, like clothes hanging in a closet. Another small set of taps on the panel had the catches on her suit pop open, freeing her from its grip. Shimmying left and right, dropped the garment off of her voluptuous form, to puddle at her feet.

Inari, not wasting any time, picked up several disposable towelettes, handing a few to Korsa. She then cleaned the gel mattress of any remaining blood from the sheets that lay there before. Also using it to pick up any blood that had dripped onto it from Korsa's arm, she tossed the soiled garments into the incinerator chute. Grabbing a fresh set of sheets and a thick blanket, Inari remade the bed just as Korsa finished shedding her vacc suit.

After she finished cleaning herself, Korsa started hobbling back to the bed, breathing heavily from the pain. Inari was right there in an instant, helping the titanic woman into the clean bed. As she moved, Inari couldn't help but get an eyeful of the massive jugs that jiggled on Korsa's frame. The black bra and panty set that the Khontaran woman wore was simple, elegant, yet left very little to the imagination as it hugged every curve like a second skin. Taking care to not stare, she helped the wounded woman with her legs before giving her the blanket.

Walking back over to where she left the needle attached to the bag of blood, Inari did a quick tie off of Korsa's upper left arm. Quickly finding a vein, she inserted the needle with little effort and set the drain valve on a slow drip for both bags. Having lost a fair amount of blood, Korsa looked a bit pale, but was still conscious and coherent. "I figure it will take a couple of days, five at most, before all of this damage is healed," the Khontaran doctor said, as she assessed the damage to herself via the tablet Inari handed her.

Shaking her head, Inari muttered, "If anyone else on the crew was take the amount of punishment you just did, we'd be laid up for five to eight weeks, rather than a matter of days."

"Khontaran healing factor dear. A side effect of everything that my people have gone through just to survive. Now you might want to go and check on your XO. Those burns she endured will become severe if not treated," Korsa replied as she reached out and grabbed the burn salve that she had applied earlier before the crash had occurred.

Handing it to her captain, Korsa then delved back into the tablet to be sure that there was nothing that was overlooked in her treatment. As the red skinned woman continued her analysis, Inari stepped out for a moment. Before leaving, she took a pack of disinfectant wipes, a bottle of strong painkillers and the salve her doctor had just given her.

Making her way back to her quarters, she opened the door to a near naked Pree, puttering around the room, tidying up the mess the crash had caused. The bloodied sheets that she was wrapped in, were on the floor, along with anything else that was considered trash, which wasn't much. "Priya Rhea Patel, stop your cleaning and get back into bed this instant," Inari ordered, half concerned, half exasperated.

Whipping around quickly, Pree's eyes widened as they took in the sight of her lover. As she whirled, she lost her balance and began to drop towards the floor. Reacting quicker that thought, Inari caught her XO before she hit the ground and helped steady her to stand straight. "Oooooooooohhh! I'm a bit dizzy!"

"Probably because your skull has taken a good knock when we crashed. There was lots of debris on the bed before I dug you out," Inari informed her friend. "Here, sit down and let me clean you up."

Without protest, the east Indian woman did as she was asked and sat. As her captain cleaned away any blood from both Korsa and the shallow cuts she had sustained, she closed her eyes as a throbbing pain started to build in her head. "Ugh...pounding in my head," Pree mumbled.

"Probably sustained a concussion with all that stuff tumbling about. Here, take these," Inari said, proffering the painkillers she had taken from the Med-bay. Just as Priya took them, a burst of static came over the comms system. "Kkkkkkssssshhhhsssssss......... Darkstrider com..... Anyo.... ere? Perseus hailin........ kstrider, come in please."

Hearing the transmission, Inari rushed out of her quarters and went straight for the transmission console in the bridge area. Reaching it, she entered a few sequences and responded, "Perseus, this is Darkstrider! Do you read me?"

More static answered her before a reply came through. "We...ar you Darkst....... Wait one while we boo........... ignal." Though the reply was broken up, Inari understood what was said. She didn't have to wait long as the static cleared up in the span of several minutes.

"Darkstrider, this is Perseus, are you reading us?" Alex's voice came in over the transmission.

"Loud and clear Perseus." A sigh of relief came over the waves before the next sentence. "Give us a sit-rep Darkstrider. We saw you drop off of our scanners and we assumed that you went down."

"In a manner of speaking, we did sir." Walking over to the cockpit, the older woman punched in a few commands and a detailed holo of the Darkstrider appeared. The image was rendered in a 3D model, with some of the model rendered in green, but more than half of it in yellow or red, indicating damaged areas.

"We flew right into some sort of an ice storm sir and we took some serious hits. Our engines are down at the moment," the Lt. Commander replied.

"Any idea how extensive the damage is?" the question came in.

"Not until I step outside to have a look and in this storm sir, that's not happening."

"Understood Darkstrider. You'll have to hunker down for a few days until we can get something put together up here to come down and retrieve you," Captain Tomisic told her. "How is the rest of the crew? Did you manage to retrieve Gunnery Chief Patel?"

"We did sir, but she is going to need some time to recover. Got a little torched on the way down before we brought her in, but she'll be all right. Our doctor wound up getting hurt as well but Khontarans heal much faster than humans do. It will be barely classified as a scratch by the time she's all healed up," Inari responded.

"Very good Darkstrider. We should have the foundry and shipwright section of the Perseus online by tomorrow. We'll keep you posted. Will you three be all right for the next few days?" Alex asked.

"Barring any drastic changes, we should be OK for at least a week sir."

"Glad to hear it. You ladies get some rest and we'll check in with you in the morning. Perseus out," the baritone voice finished before the line went dead. Slumping back in her seat, Inari smiled in relief. Though the ship was in tatters and a total mess, they weren't marooned on this icy world. They just had to tough it out over the next few days.

Standing up, she started back to her cabin. As she walked in, she saw Korsa rubbing salve into Priya's burns, using a generous amount of it. Taking a brief look about, the entire cabin was cleaned to the point where it didn't seem like they had crashed. "What are you doing up? You're supposed to be in bed resting!" Inari exclaimed.

"You know me. Once I get past the pain, I can't sit still and this place is a right mess," Korsa explained as stood and picked up the soiled sheets and garbage at her feet.

Hands on her hips, Inari glared at Korsa as she stood up. Not one to be intimidated, Korsa gave her captain a bored and contemptuous look, huffing in annoyance. Both women just stared at one another, before Pree broke the silence. "Despite the fact that you are a faster healer than us humans Korsa, you still need to take it easy. Since we're literally up to our asses in snow and ice, you really should rest, if you're going to be of any use tomorrow."

Both women looked over, looked back at each other, then the Khontaran woman huffed in resignation. "Fine, you win. At least let me do something to clean up the med bay. That place is a total disaster," the taller woman implored.
