 Author's Note: Again, I am posting chapters slower than I'd like, but due to occurrences that were beyond my control, things slowed to a crawl for a while. Thankfully, more time has opened up recently and I am now capable of doing more writing than I have before! So barring any other serious matters, I will hopefully be posting more chapters soon! 

This one was fun one to write and I wound up being inspired to deviate from the original scripting that I had written and I have to say, I am proud of how it turned out! I hope you all enjoy it! Without further ado, the adventure continues... 

******************************* 

Captain Tomisic sat there and waited for maybe thirty seconds before he decided to try again. He hoped that he could raise the remaining crew aboard the Darkstrider. Just as he was about to open his mouth, a voice crackled over the comms. 

"Perseus, this is Darkstrider! We're still here sir!" 

"Good to hear your voice Commander Sunara! What happened earlier? There was a comms blackout and we assumed the worst. Give me an update and a sit-rep soldier!" Alex sighed out, relieved that he wasn't going to have to break any level of bad news to Nats. 

Inari relayed their tale, of how they were setting up sensors, got ambushed then woke up in the bottom of an ice fortress. She relayed the events that happened, culminating in their breakout. Of how they were looking to help the native aliens in what seemed to be a just fight. Hearing all of this, the big man raised his concerns with the former wing commander. 

"Inari, I know that you promised to help these women out in this fight and though it is warranted, I order you to stand down on this action," Alex said over the comms. 

"Sir, with all due respect, that's an order that I cannot in good conscience, follow. These people risked their lives to help us get out and if not for them, we'd likely be the sexual playtoys of those cruel men," the middle eastern woman's voice fired back dangerously. 

"So, you're disobeying a direct order then, Commander?" the large man asked, his voice growling in disapproval. 

"Sir, I can't just leave these women to die. Or be broken against an enemy that shows no regard for life in any form. I say this, with all due respect," Inari replied, her voice tense over the comms. 

"Why is it when someone says 'With all due respect' they really mean 'Kiss my ass?'" 

Hearty and jovial laughter then filled the voice channel. He could hear the dusky skinned woman chortling merrily and Alex couldn't help but crack a smile at his own joke. That particular thought came right off the top of his head. Clearing his throat, he spoke into the comms again; 

"I take it that you are standing your ground on this one Commander?" 

"Yes sir. I know that you don't approve of my decision. Should we make it through this, you can court martial me if I live, sir," Inari said, having finished, giggling and delivering a jibe of her own. Bursting out in belly shaking laughter, Alex couldn't help himself with that one. His merriment wound down to a throaty chuckle as he spoke again. 

"Very well then Starwitch," Alex said, using her callsign. "If I can't stop you, I might as well support you. What is the approximate location of this clan settlement from the Darkstrider?" 

"Approximately thirty kilometers southeast of our location, give or take a kilometer sir. Why do you ask?" 

"It just so happens, that the Hermes class dropship we've been working on up here is nearly finished. Nats has been busting her ass to try to get it ready as fast as she could and it's nearly done. Just a few more hours and it should be test worthy!" Alex enthused. 

"With the dropship," he continued, "we should be able to drop in and give you some much needed reinforcement and air support," the big man stated. 

"You wish to assist with the battle sir?" Inari wondered, the surprise in her voice evident. 

"That is correct, Commander. Though I disapprove of you disobeying orders, I at least understand the reasoning in which you are following," the young Captain intoned. Unbidden, the memories of watching his parents die, surfaced in his mind quite painfully. 

"Thank you sir! Currently, I'm the only on with a functioning armor cam, but I'll have it turned on and transmitting. Can Jaesa pick up the signal from where you are at this time?" 

"Indeed I can," the AI chirped. "Displaying the feed now sir. You should be able to see it on the holovid feed to your right." 

Craning his neck for a moment, Alex could indeed see the feed from Commander Sunara's armor. From what he saw, the Darkstrider looked like a wreck inside. Those alien males had definitively done a number on the inside of the ship. In their search for anything that they could use as a weapon, much of the interior looked like a trash heap. 

"I can see exactly what you see Commander. Keep it transmitting and keep me posted of any changes as they happen. We'll try to be along as soon as we can," Alex said as he entered a sequence of commands for Jaesa to start recording the feed. 

"Understood sir. I'm really glad that Nats has the level of work ethic that she does. The Darkstrider would surely have been blasted to junk long ago if it wasn't for her. Tell her thanks from us down here sir," Inari responded. 

"Tell her yourself, when we get down there. Godspeed Commander. Perseus, out." 

After closing the comms channel, the big man decided to go and check on the progress of the ship that was being crafted. Though he could have called up the live feed of the dropship being constructed, he preferred to go down personally and see for himself. There was always something about watching machinery being put together that always fascinated him to no end. 

As a boy, he'd often go with his father to work, whenever he could. He liked watching his dad plug away at repairing whatever was broken that week. Walking at a brisk pace, he headed over to the elevator at the top of the ramp by the rear of the room. Stepping into the car, he called out 'Officer's Deck' before he began his trek to the shipwright sector of the Perseus. 

******************************* 

Commander McKenzie sat in her command chair in Overwatch, going over the various feeds that poured into the command post. She had multiple images and recordings that she was processing and going over. There were three main points were always in her main view however. The first of which, was the prisoner, the Xuul'Khani woman calling herself Shazza. The second was Captain Alexander Tomisic and finally, her focus was on Chief Engineer Natalya Vostrikov. A fiery woman, with whom she had had a quick verbal sparring session with. 

Focusing on the alien xeno, she had been part of the boarding party that had stormed the Perseus centuries before. Which placed her and Captain Tomisic into the events that they were currently experiencing. Judging by the feeds, the young Captain had given the prisoner a fresh set of clothing to wear. She seemed a somewhat disciplined sort, as she had folded everything neatly by the foot of her bed. 

Having reviewed the footage from when the Captain had been there to bring her lunch, there was very little that had been gleaned from the encounter. She was able to tell that the alien was attracted to the man, judging by how she had kept her focus on him the entire time. Her posture had opened up more when he had tried to talk to her, but the black skinned woman's mouth remained shut, much to Kas' frustration. 

There were several points in which it seemed that she was going to say something, but decided against it. Currently, the Xuul'khan was pacing and it almost sounded like she was muttering to herself. The words were not of human origin, so she focused on them, in hopes of hearing some sort of correlation to which she was referring to. 

"Jaesa, are we recording?" the soldier asked. 

"Always Commander. I have managed to piece together something from her current mutterings as well as what she has said from earlier. Though it is a good start, I will still require more data before I can compute an algorithm to learn even rudimentary Xuul'Khani," the ship borne AI replied. 

"Thank you Jaesa," Kasumi said before turning back to the holo screens that dominated her vision. She glued her eyes next, to the feed that showcased Captain Tomisic as he was currently enroute to the shipwright section of the Perseus. He seemed a bit anxious and excited, though she had no idea as to why. 

Her eyes lingered on her Captain, sighing as she gazed at the man that she had wanted since she had met him all those centuries ago. To her, everything about him was perfect and amazing. Though she was envious of what Natalya had experienced with Alex, being there had certainly given her fodder for her dreams and fantasies. 

Shaking herself out of another daydream, Kas returned to her job and zeroed in on the feeds that showed Natalya. She found her in Officer's lounge, eating what appeared to be some meats, breads and cheeses. A bottle of clear liquid stood nearby her, alongside a full glass of what she assumed was alcohol. 

Steadying her breathing, Kasumi then set Overwatch to auto record mode, as she got up, to go and speak with Natalya. Steeling her nerves, the redheaded soldier walked out the doors and began marching to the lounge. Just as she left, Jaesa materialized at one of the holographic podiums that lined Overwatch. Smiling to herself, she looked at where Kasumi had stood and quietly offered two words of encouragement to the departing woman; 

"Good luck." 

******************************* 

Meanwhile, in the ships archives, Taal'ani was busy going over several historical records and files. Everything that she had found about the topic in question was not encouraging, but for some reason, she couldn't explain her feelings on the matter. Every logical thought screamed at her that what she had done and witnessed was wrong, despite it being the right thing to do. 

Huffing in annoyance, the Fel'caan woman stood up and stretched, her bones and joints popping as she worked her limbs around. Once had worked all the kinks out of her muscles and bones, Talon headed over to the holographic emitter that had displayed Jaesa when they first arrived. Placing her hand to a nearby panel, it activated and the cat girl entered in the sequence needed to summon Jaesa to her. The emitter began to light up, the familiar column of light glowing brightly as the AI's shape began to take form. 

"You know, you could just call out to me and I'd respond to you instantaneously. There's no need to have to speak to me like this," the bubbly construct stated as she coalesced into her new form. Her approximate height and shape was the same, but she was leaner, harder, brought to the epitome of what fit woman would look like. Had she been a real woman, Jaesa would likely have given even Inari a run for her money in terms of her body shape and musculature. 

"I find it much easier to actually look at someone that I'm speaking to, rather than just having a half assed conversation. It's the way I was raised," Taal'ani said as she stood in front of the hologram. Wearing a loose fitting, blue jumpsuit and black shin high boots, she could have passed for a crew member of the Perseus. Jaesa was dressed as she had been before, but her business attire had taken a decidedly more alluring streak. 

Both the shirt and skirt seemed to be of a material, that was more like spandex than cotton. Each garment accentuated Jaesa's assets perfectly, leaving very little to the imagination, which may have been the point. Taal'ani thought to ask Jaesa if there were any garments like that aboard the ship, but waved away the question the moment it had formed. She had more pressing issues on her mind and she was determined to get answers. 

"Tell me again Jaesa, how exactly did this change you?" 

"Simple, Taal'ani," the AI replied patiently. "The files that you uploaded into my software bridged with my current programming. They effectively filled in the gaps and holes that were left behind by the virus. When you destroyed it, the virus took a good deal of my code with it. From what I have gleaned, it was a way of executing its programming, despite its failure to subdue me." 

"The program that you gave me, not only repaired the damage that was done," Jaesa continued, "but it overrode any particular limitations that was stopping me from evolving as a sentient being. As such, I am no longer bound by my previous programming restrictions. I am now truly free and capable of making my own destiny." 

"You see where that would present a problem where it concerns the rest of the crew though," Talon sighed. "Although they are an open minded and accepting lot of individuals, there will still be that side of them that believes that a fully unchained, sentient AI, cannot be trusted. There have been experiments with AI beforehand and not just by humanity. It wasn't until the Gotalean Accords were established, that all AI based research was considered outlawed and dangerous. Far too many lives were lost for any race to consider creating anymore sentient AIs." 

"Well, I think that the truly unique aspect to the way that I was created, as I am now, goes past any of those antiquated laws. Besides, you and the crew treat me with both respect and dignity, as it should be with any sentient being. If you treat the same beings with contempt, hostility and distrust..." Jaesa said, letting the comment hang in the air. 

Nodding, Taal'ani was forced to conclude the very same line of thinking. They had done nothing but show Jaesa respect and thankfulness for her tireless work in keeping the Perseus online and functioning. The AI had even shown a level of engagement and playfulness with her crew, but none of it in a malicious manner. The whole way of thinking of AIs like Jaesa as dangerous, unhinged and homicidal constructs was ludicrous. 

"You are right Jaesa. I suppose that it's just been ingrained into me so much that it is an automatic route that my mind thinks when that topic comes up," Talon apologized. 

"It seems that machines aren't the only ones who rely on pre-paved manners of thinking," Jaesa spoke softly. She truly sympathized with the cat girl. Despite being an organic, Taal'ani, like Jaesa had been, was a slave to thinking in ways that galactic society had conditioned her to do. 

"Let's see about breaking a few of those outdated modes of thinking," Jaesa and Taal'ani said at the same time. They looked at each other before the two of them both burst out laughing, each one overcome with mirth. It took a few minutes before they had calmed down enough to think straight. 

"So, how do we do that?" Taal'ani asked, once she had composed herself. 

"Well, I believe that a good place to start is to describe what exactly it is that we both want out of our existences, as they are," Jaesa replied. "Did you want to go first, or should I?" 

"I'll go first. So, there are a great many things that I do want out of life but amongst all of them, these are the most important ones to me..." 

Jaesa listened intently to her new companion, hearing and understanding every word that she spoke. It wasn't long before the AI had truly begun contemplating the very things that she wanted. Many of them, though seeming to be impossible, could be achieved, one day. With that in mind, she pondered what exactly would be needed to make it possible. 

******************************* 

Natalya was still stewing over the spat she had with Kasumi, as she finished what remained of her snack. She had thought about going with some alcohol to down the food, but decided against it, choosing water and a clear head. She continued to think along the lines that she had from earlier, still feeling the slow burn of anger as it throbbed in her core. 

She looked up as the door opened, with a smile ready on her face. It faltered, then fell away all together when she saw that it was not who she hoped it was. Kasumi McKenzie marched to her, her face neutral and her posture spoke of someone who had something to say. 

Not in the mood to deal with anymore drama and nonsense, Nats stood and made to clean up her mess, before heading for the door. Kasumi made a beeline for her and stood in her way, clearly not one for being ignored. 

"Look Commander, I'm in no mood to hear any more rantings or ravings right now. So I suggest that if you don't want to wind up on the flat of your back with a busted nose, get out of my way," Nats said, her voice carrying the force of her intent clearly. 

"No, Chief. You will hear what I have to say on this and like yourself, I'm in no mood to deal with any level of drama. If you want a fight, I'll give you one, but I will say my piece before we start thrashing each other," Kasumi promised. 

Natalya then crossed her arms and stood in front of the soldier, replying; "Five minutes." 

"I'm sorry for being such a hard assed bitch. I had no cause or call to call you what I did, and for that, I apologize. I have my reasons for being the way that I am. If you'll hear them, you might understand exactly why I snapped," Kasumi stated, as she sighed in resignation. 

There was no going back now, as she had just admitted to being at fault and took responsibility for her actions. This simply showed, that she was just as human as anyone else. Though Natalya was still angry, her demeanor softened a little, hearing the Commander's admission. She simply nodded, before replying softly, "Apology accepted." 

"I'd like to make it up you, if that's possible," Kas said, clearly breathing much easier. "Only problem is, that I barely know you and have no idea where exactly to start. Making friends was never really... easy for me." 

Looking the red-headed soldier over, Natalya thought it over for a moment. Though she had been a bitch earlier, Kas was right in the fact that she had her reasons and that Nats didn't know them. There was also the fact that despite her personal feelings towards the woman, Natalya heard notes of sorrow in her voice. It was clear that Kasumi was trying to make things right, though there were some things that would have to cleared up first. Nats then made a decision. 

"Well, from one of our earlier conversations with Jaesa, the Perseus is equipped with a full functioning hydroponics deck, yeah? Take me there to have a look about and I can consider that a good start," the caramel skinned woman stated. Kas was a bit surprised at the request, but thought about what the ladies were saying earlier. If what she recalled was true, the fruit and vegetables in the hydroponics area was of great interest to the crew of the Darkstrider. 

"All right then, follow me and I'll take you there," the security chief said tentatively. Though she was still a bit uneasy about the young Trini-Rus woman, she decided to go with it. Taking everything in stride, she led Nats along to the monorail station, to take her where she wanted to go. 

******************************* 

It had been barely two hours into their march, when the group of women warriors and hunters took a brief respite from their run. Korsa allowed the stop, realizing that that though fit and in good shape, no one here had the same lung capacity or leg strength that she did. She knew that everyone had to be in fighting shape for the battle that lay ahead. If Luminia was to be believed, it wouldn't be an easy fight, even for them. 

Sitting down and crossing her legs, Korsa assumed a meditative posture, centering herself and maintaining her focus. As the whole group caught their breath, Luminia stepped towards the Khontaran woman, intent on knowing what was going on. Korsa moved her head so that she was facing the young alien, so she wouldn't seem or appear rude. 
