 Author's Note: Well, I'm happy with the pace at which I cranked out this chapter! Three weeks since Wings of Fire dropped from when this one has come out! Although it's not the two weeks that I was shooting for, I'm not going to bellyache about it too much.

This one took a while for me as I had to take on several different mindsets, in order to get an idea how some of the characters might be thinking. A few other ideas popped up, as they like to do, which I have included in the storyline. Now, shall we begin?

Alexander Tomisic could do nothing but gape at the sheer volume of ships that lay entombed within the ice. Craft of various designs from many species stuck out of the landscape, like the icy fingers of corpses. There had to be dozens of vessels, possibly even hundreds. Alex could only imagine what sort of fate that the crews had met, if any had survived the crash.

"Are you ladies seeing this?" he called out over the comm line.

"Affirmative sir! I guess that the Dead Snows is a fitting name for this place," Kasumi responded, her voice barely above a whisper. Alex couldn't fault her for the sense of awe and dread that she was likely feeling. He felt it himself and he was beyond terrified of the implications, if they hadn't been found by the Darkstrider. Clearing his head of the dark thoughts, he focused back on the task at hand.

"Have you spotted our landing zone yet?" he queried Inari, who was busy keeping the ship clear of anything that might hit it.

"Yes sir, it's right there," she pointed as she navigated her way over to the semi open area. "Might want to get everyone ready. Looks like we have guests."

Alex squinted through the viewport to see what exactly she was talking about. Sure enough, he spotted what exactly it was that she was talking about. Lounging about in the clearing, was a small pack of what seemed to be wolf-like creatures. At this distance, he couldn't make out any discernable features. But he could tell that they had spotted the Hermes and were glaring at it hungrily.

"Luminia, I need you up here in the cockpit for a moment," he ordered. Seconds later, Lumi appeared at his shoulder with a questioning look on her face.

"What are those things?"

Lumi looked in the direction that he pointed and looked carefully. In a few moments, the dawn of recognition lit up her face and she spoke her reply.

"Sahr'coun hounds. They are vicious pack hunters that will hunt down and eat anything they come across. Hard to shake when they have your scent and their bite is strong enough to break an arm."

"Any weaknesses?" Alex wondered.

"They startle easy and if you prove to be... mightier, they often run. They are brave against small prey, but cower against larger beasts, even when they have the numbers. If you were to bring your weapons to bear, they would be frightened off easily," she stated.

"If they scare easily, why aren't they scattering right now?" he asked.

"They have seen us coming and are more curious than afraid," Lumi told the captain simply. "When they see us coming out, they will likely attack us, thinking us an easy meal for them."

"Well them let's make them think otherwise, shall we?" Alex chuckled as he headed back into the hold. Lumi giggled softly as she followed him, picking up her father's sword as she went. She saw that the ladies had wasted no time in getting themselves ready for battle. Each woman was back in her combat armor, each one of them looking both fearsome and... attractive in some way.

She found it strange that something so dangerous could also rouse her like that. Luminia breathed in careful and measured breaths, calming herself for the battle ahead. She turned and saw Alex walk over to the hulking mass of steel and titanium that was his battle suit. Lumi wondered what it was like to fight in such a machine. It must have been wondrous, to have such power at their fingertips.

Though she supposed that such a machine was useless, unless its wielder had a good measure of skill. She'd seen young men and women of her clan cut down, but not because of the weapons that they bore. It was because they lacked the skill needed to use them correctly. That was a lesson that she'd learned the hard way and why both her parents had been adamant that she learn how to defend herself properly.

It had been sheer luck that the Yahk'shurt had been able to overtake her all those weeks ago. She was hunting a lone Tashkuun beast, that was barely a yearling when she'd accidentally stepped over into their lands. They managed to close in around her in secret and she didn't know she was surrounded until it was too late. They walked up to her, thinking that she'd surrender, but that's when she unleashed her combat skills upon them.

Luminia had managed to bring down at least five of their warriors in the ensuing melee. She had sent at least three of them to the Darklands before they overpowered her. She half expected them to kill her as they made her kneel in front of them. They might have done more to her and she was mentally preparing herself for it, until Chief Dahr'khash had shown up, ordering them to restrain themselves. She knew then that he intended to be the one to take her himself or let one of his sadistic sons have their way with her.

Still, the fact that they had listened to their chief was surprising, something which she was very thankful for. Shaking herself loose of the memory, she looked around herself and smiled. She was among friends now, powerful ones, which would hopefully help her and her people in bringing peace back to their world.

Luminia heard the engines pitch decrease and she felt her stomach lurch upwards for a moment. She could tell that they were descending by this motion, as it had the last couple of times she'd been aboard the Hermes. As the drop continued, Lumi noted that everyone present had geared up, making themselves ready for battle.

Alex was locking the final plates of his suit into place before donning his helmet once again. He moved to the rear of the dropship, cocking his heavy machine gun, Stormbreaker. The rest of the drew had followed suit with their own weapons, as did the four Artucian who her mother had sent. She eased her father's sword in its sheath, waiting for the ship to land.

Moments later, she felt the rough vibration and shift of gravity as the Hermes touched down. The ship rattled for a few moments before finally settling down as the engines whined down to a loud drone. After a few more seconds, the noise cut completely as rear ramp cracked open and crunched into the snow and ice.

Alex was the first one outside, hefting his weapon and pointing it outwards. Kasumi and Priya stepped out to his right while Natalya and Taal'ani fanned out to his left. Korsa brought up the rear, her blade broken down into four, with one in each hand. Lumi was right behind her, with her own people following along.

The immediate area was deserted, the hounds having scattered when they realized that they'd likely be crushed by the landing ship. She saw that several of them were peeking out from some of the icy outcroppings nearby. A rather large hound, the Alpha by her guess, ventured forward, snarling the whole while. It barked in challenge, as though trying to goad someone from the group into attacking.

Everyone held their ground though, waiting for the dogs to make the first move. One of the other hounds further back shot out, barking and baring its teeth in challenge. It charged straight for Alex, thinking that it could bring the massive armored man down by charging and lunging for his head. Almost lazily, Alex aimed his weapon and fired, ice and snow flying through the air, as the bullets peppered the rushing beast.

Its howl of rage turned into whimpers and yelps of pain as each round hit home. The force of each shot punched through its hide as though it was made of paper. Purple blood stained the snow in wide splatter patterns with the passing of each bullet. The shots were enough to stop the hound as it tripped and fell to the snow, severely wounded.

The whole thing took mere seconds to happen, but the result was enough to cow the rest of the hounds. The Alpha, seeing one of its pack mates humbled and dying, glared hatefully at Alex and the rest of the interlopers that had dared to tread on its turf. When everyone levelled their weapons at it though, it turned tail and fled, running as fast as it could. The rest of the pack followed suit, not wanting to be around to deal with beings of such strength.

The Captain walked forward to the fallen hound, putting up his weapon as he approached. Its legs kicked out, as though it was trying to run, but lacked the ability to pick itself up. With its lifeblood spilling out onto the ground, it was clear that it was dying and in a great deal of pain. Alex knelt next to it and opened his helmet, so that his face was visible.

"You had to try to prove yourself, didn't you?" he said to the dog as it lay there whimpering. Reaching to the compartment where he kept his knife, Captain Tomisic drew it out and holding the beast steady, drove the blade into its heart. It died instantly, its pain ended and struggle over. Alex then used his mechanized hand to close its eyes, in a gesture of respect. He cleaned his weapon before sheathing it and standing, turning to face the rest of his companions.

"Well, now that that business is settled, where exactly is this ship that you wanted to show to us Luminia?" he asked. Lumi took a few moments to get her bearings before turning and pointing to the massive wreck that was right behind him.

"There! That's the ship that I wanted to show you!"

Everyone turned to face the wreck that Lumi was pointing to and it was massive. Nowhere near the size of the Perseus, but still a considerable vessel, easily a dreadnought class. The design was clearly of human origin, as everything looked familiar to the humans who were standing there. Inari had come out of the cockpit to get a better look at the ship.

"Mystery after mystery keeps popping up," Inari said aloud, staring.

"What was that Commander?"

"It seems that this whole jump has been one big mystery after another sir. This was a Magellan class ship, modeled after the Prometheus vessels, but what is it doing here?" she wondered.

"Magellan class?" Kasumi asked in puzzlement.

"It was a new initiative, started and largely funded by the Farmer's Consortium. Three ships were constructed and sent out into unknown space over one hundred years ago. The aim was to find viable, life bearing worlds, in the hopes of establishing new human colonies and possibly, our own corner of the galaxy. That was the idea and hope anyways," Nats explained to her lovers.

"You said that there were three of these ships made?" Alex asked, curious.

"Yes sir. The Polo, the Columbus and the DeChamplain. All three were sent into space that hadn't been explored, opposite from Xuul'khani territory. Communications failed not long after their launch and we have no idea what happened to them. At least now, we know the fate of one," Natalya said.

"Indeed. Luminia, is there anything inside the ship that we should be wary of?" Alex asked her.

"I would have said spirits, but after speaking with... Jaesa... I know what they are. They are... intelligences like her," Lumi said, searching for the correct words.

"Like her?"

"Yes. Some of them I can speak to and they will speak back, but others will not respond when I speak to them. Though, they do not interact with me as Jaesa does."

"Sounds like badly damaged VI's. Virtual Intelligences, almost like a simple form of what Jaesa is," Alex explained to the perplexed woman. Face clearing in understanding, Lumi nodded.

"If you are wondering about creatures though, there are none inside. It is far too small and messy for them to navigate it," Luminia stated.

"All right then. Korsa, Priya, Inari and Kasumi, you stay here and keep guard over our ride and the landing zone. I don't want some beast showing up and tearing the ship apart while we're busy exploring," the captain ordered.

"Yes sir!" all four women chorused.

"Luminia, pick two of your own people to stay behind and guard the ship as well. I know that they have orders to keep you safe, but I don't want anyone getting lost in there. On top of which, I don't want to stay here long," Alex shivered.

Nodding, Lumi turned to her bodyguards and spoke quickly, telling them the Captain's orders. She noted that Alex's shiver wasn't from the cold and she couldn't blame him for it. This place frightened her as well, as there was much pain, sorrow and death from what happened here. After relaying the orders, she directed the two who volunteered to stay to go and wait by the entry ramp, giving explicit directions to not wander off.

Both warriors nodded, as they knew that the Dead Snows was a dangerous place. They would follow the orders that the captain gave them, mainly because they made sound tactical sense. Marching over to the Hermes, they took up sentry positions, looking outwards for any discernable threat. The other two stayed on her heels, determined to ensure her safety.

"Luminia, if you will lead us inside please?" Alex asked the Artucian woman. Lumi stepped up and lead the group to a large rent in the ships hull. Taal'ani and Natalya followed along behind Alex, keeping their eyes open but also excited beyond belief. Mysteries such as this excited both women and they were eager to see what lay inside the ship.

The breach in the ships hull was somewhere in the cargo area from what the humans could tell by the vaulted ceilings and lack of walls. There were large crates of what seemed to be foodstuffs, medical supplies and other things that would be needed aboard a ship this size. All of it was strewn around as though it was puked up by a tornado passing through. Luminia navigated her way through the mess towards a set of stairs on the far side of the room.

Luminia pulled out some sort of twig and attempted to strike up a flame. Seeing what she was up to, Alex gave the order to activate suit and gun lights, which illuminated the room. Lumi and her guards were slightly startled by the action, but they then smiled as they could now see clearly.

Nats walked over to the Artucian and showed them how to activate their own lights on the loaned firearms. Much would have been lost on them, but since Jaesa had deciphered the Artucian language, it was merely a matter of giving the instructions and letting the translator unit do the work.

Now that they could see where they were going, Luminia led the way upwards. Traversing up the stairs was an easy endeavor, but all five of them had to be careful. They did not wish to step on the frozen corpses of the human crew that had died in the crash. Alex, Talon and Nats were a little shaken at the sight of it but steeled themselves as they continued to follow their guide deeper into the ship.

They kept ascending the staircase, heading to the upper levels of the craft. As they passed along the areas, several consoles lit up as they passed with an eerie bluish glow. Sometimes the glow was just running lights, other times, holographic recordings of certain crew members would play. They stopped briefly to watch these and found some of the interactions displayed both endearing and humorous.

Soon enough, they reached the top level, which seemed to be the officer's deck. They made their way down the hall and walked to a partially open door. Beyond it seemed to be the bridge, judging by the various consoles and display readouts that were spaced about the area.

The gap in the door was large enough to admit Lumi and the two warriors that she brought with her. Nats and Talon could get through, but they had to shift sideways in order to accommodate the armor that they both wore. Alex however seemed to be stuck where he was, unless he wanted to step out of his armor again.

"Looks like you'll have to step out of the Phalanx to get in here sir," Taal'ani stated.

"Not necessarily."

Before she could ask what he meant, Captain Tomisic stepped up to the doors and pushed both of his gauntleted fists through. Gripping the edges of each door, he positioned himself to start pulling them apart from each other. At first, nothing happened as the servos and hydraulics of his suit whined in protest. Seconds later, they all heard a solid cracking sound around the door and saw large chunks of ice fall away from it.

Alex continued to push hard with his suit and slowly started to pry the door apart. Ever so slowly, the doors separated and slid back into their hidden compartments in the walls. Once it was large enough to walk through, Alex halted his efforts and waited to see if the doors would snap back into place. After a few minutes, the doors didn't move, so he walked on through and joined the rest of them on the bridge.

"Why didn't you do that before we walked through buster?" Nats huffed in irritation.

"You walked on through before I could do anything," Alex teased. Natalya narrowed her eyes and Alex would have take her more seriously, had a smile not found its way on her face. Chuckling, Alex ambled forwards to where Luminia was standing with the rest of them.

The console that they had gathered around was cylindrical in shape and came to about waist height. It seemed to be flickering on and off, as though the power was fluctuating on it. Lumi entered a few sequences on it and the console flared to life, the bluish-white light solidifying into a humanoid form. The image wasn't as clear as Jaesa would be, but it was still defined enough where you could tell that it was male in shape.

"Greetings Luminia. It has been forty-seven days, two hours and six minutes since your last visit. I trust that you have been well in that time?" a warm male voice spoke from the hologram.

"I have had some rough days, but I am much better now Stanley. I have brought guests with me this time," Luminia said back to the machine.

"Wonderful! They are Artucian I would assume?"

"See for yourself," she gestured to the crew of the Perseus. With that, all three of them removed their helmets and faced the VI. Despite being a program, it did a relatively convincing motion of being surprised and startled. Then it smiled almost joyously and brought its hands together happily.

"At last! Humankind has found us! Welcome aboard the Columbus! I am Stanley, the shipboard Virtual Intelligence! From which planet and affiliation are you?" it queried. The ladies hesitated a few minutes before Alex stepped up to speak.

"I am Captain Alexander Tomisic, Captain of the Prometheus class vessel, Perseus," he replied.

"Perseus?!?" the machine seemed confused. "That is highly improbable and nigh impossible. The Perseus, along with six other Prometheus class vessels were lost to humanity and it is unlikely that you are who you say you are."

"Stanley, can you perform a full body scan of the people here?" Alex asked out loud.

"I can."

"Then scan me and analyze my DNA profile, to determine if I am telling the truth on this matter," Alex ordered. Stan seemed to consider this a moment, before initiating the scanning protocols. Various holographic feeds and readouts popped up in front of it as it went to work. After what seemed to be a minute, the scans ceased, and Stan was apparently shocked at the result.

"The results do not lie and if I am reading this correctly, which I am, you are six hundred and thirty-two years old! Your genetic markers show signs of terrestrial influence on them that is not in my databanks. Please reiterate where you are from!"

"Earth, about six hundred years ago. As I have stated, I am the Captain of the Perseus, which currently hangs in orbit around this planet. I could try to explain all of this to you, but I think I'll let Jaesa fill you in," he stated.
