 Author's Note: Well, here we are, three weeks after Wings of Fire Ch. 02. Not the ideal I was shooting for, but at least it's not taking me months to crank out chapters. With the holidays looming, I do hope that I can get more done during this time off. 

This one deviated a bit from what I had originally intended, but that's the beauty of writing out the framework of each chapter. They are more like guidelines than actual rules about how the chapter is supposed to come together. Now, shall we begin?

The Hermes dropship coasted into the hangar bay it had departed from, the bay doors closing behind it. Moments later, it touched down gently in the hangar, the landing struts hissing softly. Once the rear hatch opened, both Korsa and Kasumi darted down the ramp, heading for the nearest elevator. They went into a nearby doorway and disappeared down the corridor that lay beyond it.

"While our ships Doctor and Security Chief check on our prisoner, we will give you a basic tour of the ship," Alex said as he descended the ramp. At the bottom were several Sentries, standing by to collect Alex's wrecked suit. Once the rest of the crew had disembarked, they walked on in and carried the whole thing out. The crew watched them head to the armory, as they made their way towards the bridge.

"This ship is... amazing!" Luminia stuttered, clearly at a loss for words. She took in the clean corridors and technological displays with the level of wonder that a child would show. Her four eyes were wide as saucers when she was shown the hold where the human colonists were still hibernating.

"They are all... sleeping? How are they not dead?"

"It is not too unlike when you see someone freeze on Talemkha, but different in a way," Natalya launched into a layman's explanation of how cryo-freezing worked. Luminia was almost disbelieving but took Nats at her word. From there, it didn't take them long to reach the Officer's Deck and through that, the bridge. Luminia was further entranced by what she was witnessing and yelled in surprise at the formation of Jaesa in her main holo emitter.

"Welcome aboard the Perseus, Luminia," the AI said warmly. Though she was startled by the swirling nimbus of pixels, Lumi quickly overcame her surprise.

"Hello Jaesa. This is the place that you call your home?" the Artucian woman asked.

"One of the many aboard this ship. Where you stand is what we call the Bridge. This where the Captain gives his orders and those who serve aboard the Perseus, obey his commands," Jaesa explained as she smiled at the alien woman's sense of awe.

"So, this is where everything happens?"

"Not quite but close enough," the AI told her. "The orders of what needs to be done are given here, and everyone throughout the ship obeys those orders. It's not too unlike when a chief or chieftaness, gives orders of what must happen to his or her clan or tribe."

Luminia was awestruck at the technological marvels that lay about the bridge. There was so much to take in that Lumi wanted to learn it all! With so much raw power and knowledge at hand, the only real question was where to start. Seeing her in this state, it was easy to see that the alien woman was a bit overwhelmed with everything. The captain then beckoned to Luminia, calling her up to the Captain's deck.

"I can see that this is all a little much for you to take in. I find that one thing that helps me relax and focus, is looking at the stars," he said gently, while gesturing to the viewport.

Lumi stepped next to the tall and brawny man and looked out the window. The sight of what she saw left her speechless. She could see Talemkha just below them, a bluish white sphere that turned before her very eyes. She saw other worlds that were also nearby, each one of them orbiting the yellow star that sat in the middle of it all.

"Wow!" she exclaimed quietly as she surveyed the system. She realized then that she was the first Artucian to do so in hundreds of years, possibly thousands! Despite this fact, she felt a rush of calming energy wash over her and started to feel at peace. She didn't know how long she stood there for, but she knew that it was little bit. The rest of the women had come up to stand with them and gaze at the stars themselves, taking a moment.

"Now, as I understand it," Alex said, breaking the silence, "you should adjourn to the Medical Bay, so that the good doctor can clear you medically."

"To be cleared medically? Is that to be sure that I'm not sick?" Lumi asked, confused.

"To ensure that you are not allergic to anything that is aboard the ship, but also to check that you are not carrying any pathogens or viruses that could potentially harm us," Natalya explained as she threaded her arm in Luminia's. She then started to lead her off the bridge and towards the exit.

"Commander Sunara, Chief Patel, please accompany Chief Engineer Vostrikov to the Medical Bay," Alexander ordered the remaining women.

"Aye aye, sir!" both women said before saluting and taking off, catching the departing ladies before they were out of sight.

"There is also the fact that Korsa would want to update the medical database with your species. That way, we can give any of your healers down on the surface, the knowledge they need to be more effective at what they do," Nats went on.

"The war goddess can do that?!" Lumi exclaimed, shocked that they possessed the means to do so. They had left the bridge and were winding their way down a large corridor, until they walked into the monorail station.

"Absolutely! There much that we can do here, thanks to both science and technology. Though there may be things that we don't know, we keep looking for answers until we do. That is the nature of both Humans and Khontarans, always seeking more knowledge, for the betterment of all," Inari interjected, finishing Nat's train of thought for her.

Lumi's eyes nearly bugged out her head at the very concept of this! For centuries, her people had fought the elements and one another just as a means of survival. To seek knowledge to make the lives of your people better was a dream that her father had. Although he had died saving her, Lumi vowed to find a way to carry on his dream and to make it a reality. Now, here she was, on the verge of doing just that and she teared up a little at the thought.

"Hey, you ok?" Pree asked as she turned and noted Luminia crying gently.

"Yes, I'll be all right!" the Artucian woman nodded vigorously as she hurried aboard the monorail cart and took a seat with the rest of the women.

*********************************

With the women gone, the captain turned back to Jaesa, focusing on his duties.

"Are we getting proper sensor readings from Talemkha now?"

"Yes sir! The time you and the rest of the crew spent on the ground, I used to make sure that the sensors were properly calibrated. I'm picking up many life signs from the planet below, far more than originally anticipated," Jaesa responded with a note of surprise in her voice.

"Indeed? Please, fill me in on what you have learned from both your planetary scans and Stanley," the young captain ordered.

*********************************

Kas and Korsa stepped off the elevator and arrived in the detention center in short order. Everything was as Kasumi had left it, with both Brig Sentries maintaining their posts. What they saw in the cell, was another matter entirely. The prisoner, Shazza, was calling out in her own language, almost like she was delirious. With her eyes wide enough to fall out of her head, she clambered everywhere that she possibly could.

The black skinned woman then started jumping around in her cell. First, she frantically climbed atop her bed, then crawled right under it. As the lights of the room cast fitful shadows along the walls of the cell, she jumped at them, clawing at the phantasms. She panicked then, whirling around so fast that she almost fell over. Righting herself at the last second, Shazza screamed out.

"My lord! Why have you abandoned me?" she called hoarsely in her own language. Though she made herself clear, neither Kasumi nor Korsa could understand Xuul'khani. Seconds later, she saw images run though her head; her laying on the altar, with her Lord holding her still beating heart. Then the image morphed into Palesia holding it, smiling evilly all the while.

Instantly, a bout of pain wracked her body, as though the vision she was seeing had become reality. Her mind went into a tail spin and Shazza cried out, wailing and screaming for the pain to stop. She clutched herself as she started to shake violently, almost like she was having a seizure. Tears leaked down the woman's cheeks as she wailed in pain.

"Captain Tomisic, come in please!" Korsa called out. Moments later, she received her response.

"What is Doctor?" Alex asked, as a hologram of him materialized in front of the cell.

"Request permission to shut down the containment field on the prisoner's cell so I can find out what is wrong with her!" Korsa said, worry etching her beautiful face.

"Are you crazy? She could be putting on a show for us as a means of getting loose! You don't know what she's capable of!" Kas shot out, rebuking the big woman.

"Commander stand down. It's clear the prisoner is in distress, so much so that the monitors of her cell are seeing massive spikes in her vitals. She poses no direct threat. Guards, sentry mode and go for stunning or wounding actions only," he commanded. Both blocky guards chirped with affirmative signals before taking up their positions.

"Doctor be ready to contain the prisoner. I'm dropping the containment field," the captain said. Moments later, the translucent field had disappeared, allowing Shazza to step out of the cell.

Korsa began to approach the beleaguered woman slowly, making soothing, shushing noises. Shazza's head snapped up at the sound and her face went from sorrow to rage in an instant. The Xuul'khani woman raised her hands and some kind of greyish light started to coalesce between them. It was energy of some sort, there was no doubt and it gathered together, before pulsing outwards. The blast of energy was enough to stagger both women and the Sentries briefly, but they all stood after several seconds.

"I knew it! You little bitch!" Kasumi fumed as she leveled her weapon towards Shazza with the intent on using it.

"Commander! Stand down as your Captain has ordered!" Korsa demanded, stepping in front of the raised weapon. Captain Tomisic looked furious as he stared at Kas, but she held her ground and spoke her mind.

"Your safety is my primary concern doctor. The alien prisoner just made a hostile move and I will not tolerate such action towards myself or any member of the crew," she stated. This declaration did soften the hard looks she got from Korsa and Alex some, but not enough to be completely forgiven.

"I understand that Commander, but my people have fought Xuul'khani before and we know what to expect of them. This action that she performed was unexpected, but not unanticipated. I will handle this situation as I know how, but I need you to trust me," she said respectfully.

"Very well. I will follow my orders, but if she starts to inflict any sort of pain then I will step and fulfill my duty," Kasumi said.

"Accepted and noted, Commander," Korsa responded as she turned back to Shazza. The woman was just sitting there, crouched and staring at both women hatefully. She didn't move as the Sentries had drawn a bead on her, which forced her to back down.

"Guards stand down. I will handle this," Korsa stated. Both robots looked at Korsa, then at Alex, who simply nodded, before bleeping an 'Understood' signal. Korsa approached Shazza once more, but this time she walked forward with the air and confidence of a veteran warrior.

Shazza saw this and bounded to her feet, calling upon the dark energies that she'd wielded once again. The moment her hands were bathed in it, she charged at Korsa, intending to beat down the Khontaran woman. Korsa was ready this time and her arms snapped up, her hands grabbing Shazza's arms and holding her there.

The sheer amount of strength that Korsa was resisting was immense! She swore that it was almost as though Shazza was truly as strong as a fully grown Khontaran warrior! She pressed at her hard, trying to push Korsa to her knees, but there was now way the good Doctor would allow that to happen. Drawing from her own reserves and training, Korsa stood her ground, keeping the Xuul'khani woman engaged.

Shazza strained mightily against the Khontaran woman, but Korsa was as immovable as a mountain. Though it took considerable effort, Korsa held her ground, not giving Shazza a single inch. Both Kasumi and Alexander watched the titanic display of strength in amazement, as both women struggled for supremacy, but neither one finding it.

Shazza growled like a feral animal, wanting nothing more than to shed the blood of her enemies. Korsa growled back, letting the Xuul'khani know in a primitive way, that she wasn't backing down. Green eyes bored into golden ones as Shazza tried to press any advantage but any semblance of it was gone.

Just as quickly as it had arrived, the energies that flared in Shazza's hands disappeared and the woman fell limp. She maintained consciousness for another few seconds before her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she passed out. No further movement came out of the black skinned woman. Both Korsa and Kasumi looked down at the woman, both curious and confused.

"Do you think that she's out?" Kas asked. In response, Korsa knelt next to the sprawled woman and did a quick check of her vitals. Pulse was steady but a little erratic, heart beat was strong, for the moment and quick eyelid check confirmed it.

"She is most definitely down for the count. For how long, I don't know. Captain, request permission to transfer the prisoner to the Med Bay so further study and analysis on her condition can be done," Korsa asked, though her tone made it sound like more of a command. Alex caught the inflection but figured that was the doctor in her, coming out in concern of another life.

"Permission granted Doctor. Commander McKenzie will accompany you and I will have a squad of four Sentries standing by in the Med Bay," Captain Tomisic stated as he gave the order.

"Sir, there is really no need for the Sentries..." Korsa began but Alex cut her off.

"There is every need for them Doctor. They will be set in sentry mode and given orders to observe the prisoner and act only if deemed necessary," Alex told her solidly. Hearing that tone, Korsa knew that there was no way she was going to be able to talk the Captain out of it, so she just accepted his judgement on the matter.

"Understood sir. Commander McKenzie and I are on our way to the Med Bay with the patient and we should be arriving within ten minutes," Korsa replied.

"I will be joining you there shortly myself, as I am curious about the prisoner and would like to conduct some personal observations," he told the women as Korsa scooped up Shazza carefully.

"Very good sir. We will see you there," Kas stated saluting her captain. Alex saluted back before her turned his attention back to the blocky robots.

"Guards stand down and return to your charging posts. I will see you ladies in the Med Bay presently. Bridge, out," he stated and with that, his holo blipped into oblivion before the pad went back into standby mode.

The guards chirped in acknowledgement before turning about and heading back into the recesses of the wall right by the cell. Both women had vacated the brig by the time they had shut down and were on the way to nearest monorail station, five decks up. After entering an elevator, Both Kas and Korsa just sat there not saying a thing. Finally, Kasumi was the first one to break the ice.

"You said that her power was not unanticipated. What exactly did you mean by that?" the soldier asked as the elevator dinged and both women stepped out.

"I only remember it from the history classes that were taught to me when I was young girl. When the Khontaran people engaged the Xuul'khani in battle, some of their soldiers displayed abilities that could only be described 'otherworldly'. They could manipulate certain things while in the heat of battle and displayed amazing feats of strength and agility that we had believed to be impossible," the red skinned woman said.

"Like what she did right there in the brig?"

"Very much like that, yes. From what we had seen, these powers or energies, could amplify their already impressive combat prowess and strength. But it couldn't be used as a weapon outright and the individuals using these abilities were almost always exhausted after using them. I had thought that Shazza here was a rank and file soldier, rather than someone of any real importance," the Khontaran woman said as the three of them made their way down the hall and walked into the monorail station.

Kas hotfooted it over to a nearby cart and opened the door, allowing Korsa to walk in carrying Shazza without fussing. All four of her arms were occupied with the woman that she cradled, keeping her aloft, while ensuring that she was comfortable. Kas shook her head as she sat down near the door as Korsa sat on a large couch like seat at the bow of the cart, as the doors closed behind them.

"Medical Bay," Kasumi called out and the cart lurched slightly before heading to its destination. "You seem awfully protective of the woman, despite the fact that her race is an enemy of yours."

"Just because our races clashed doesn't mean that I have to be an unforgiving bigot. As a logic thinking being, I would like to transcend those limitations and become better than I was," Korsa groused, firing a clear shot across Kas' bow.

"Touché," Kas said, impressed with the woman's fire. It was clear that Korsa wouldn't be one to be pushed around, either verbally or physically. Kasumi respected that and hell, she even admired the woman for it. She noted how Korsa seemed to be cradling the alien prisoner, almost like she was a lost child.

In some ways, Kas was certain that Shazza was, considering that she was from the same time that her and Alex were. Despite being an enemy, Kasumi did admit to herself that the Xuul'khani looked quite peaceful and maybe even beautiful. She allowed her thoughts to drift along that line of thinking, that quite possibly, Shazza was also a woman out of time. That maybe she had some family, friends, possibly even loved ones, that had been left behind.

Shaking her head from the thoughts, Kas refocused on keeping an eye on both her and Korsa, to ensure that nothing untoward would happen. The train ride finished without incident and they arrived in the Med Bay station seconds later. Both women disembarked as the cart stopped and proceeded onwards.

The moment the cleared the station, Korsa couldn't help but stare in awe at the sheer size of the Med Bay! The entirety of the facility could have fit twenty clinics like what Korsa used to have, easily! The cream colored walls and soft lighting made the place inviting and with everything lit up as it was, the whole area looked vastly different! There were still the machines that she and the Darkstrider crew had seen when they first passed through, but all the dust had been cleaned.

"Doctor?" Kasumi called out, from twenty paces away.

Shaking herself out of her stupor, Korsa ambled over to the Security Chief as quickly as she could. Kas led the way to a small observation area, which was filled with various scanners and other diagnostic machines. A bed, large enough to accommodate even someone her size, sat in the center of the glass walled room. Korsa laid Shazza carefully atop the bed and started to remove the borrowed clothing that the woman wore.

