 Author's Note: Four weeks since chapter 9 hit. I know, it was a bit slower than I'd like it to be, but for a busy man who doesn't write full time, trying to get this done over the holidays, what can you do? Anyways, I'm happy that I at least got this sucker cranked out before I got past one month. 

Had a good deal of fun writing this one and I turned out much better than I hoped. For everyone who thinks that writers need to get stuff out chop chop, just remember, Tolkien took 12 years to write Lord of the Rings after he wrote the Hobbit. I never rush my work, or I find that the quality of it suffers. Now, shall we begin? 

****************************** 

Jaesa was standing back in her Sanctum, rushing there right after she'd set off the alarm, waking the crew. She was busy sifting through the data streams of the Perseus, struggling to find out what Korsa had been up to and what she was doing. It had taken her a few minutes of searching, but she'd found the relevant data streams. 

After looking them over a little bit, Jaesa's eyes widened at what they implied. What is Korsa doing? I need more information! she thought to herself. Digging a bit further, she found the message that Korsa had left behind on the datapad before she went under. 

"You are most certainly the boldest and bravest woman I have ever encountered," Jaesa said to herself. She continued to isolate more data streams to give her a broader picture of what the Khontaran woman was up to. After going over everything, she arrived at one final conclusion and it wasn't good. At the same time, it wasn't bad, but she knew that the rest of the crew wouldn't be pleased to hear this. Especially Natalya. 

****************************** 

The monorail sped along the track, with everyone having been rousted out of bed by Jaesa's alarm. The mood of the lot of them was slightly sour, but it was tempered by the apprehension that hung in the air. The shipboard AI had been very vague about what exactly had happened to Korsa. It was enough to where they needed to get there ASAP, as Jaesa was still searching through the Perseus' mainframe for answers. 

Natalya was currently sitting on pins and needles, as she waited for the cart to arrive at the Med Bay. Flustered and jittery, she burrowed back into Alex, seeking the comfort and solace his arms offered. Though worried, she was also tired and allowed herself a moment to drift off in her lover's embrace. 

Alex pulled her in close to him, having a very good idea of what she was going through. As Nats was snuggled on his right, Kasumi had attached herself to his left and was currently snoozing. He looked down at both women in his arms and could only sigh to himself. Alex couldn't believe that they had both women lying next to him just a quarter hour ago! 

From what he understood, they were looking to make this a regular occurrence and he was more than OK with that. He could tell that they were both bone tired, as they had all only gotten to sleep less than an hour ago. Alex was still having a tough time understanding that the Commander had been burning for him and he didn't even notice! Was he really that dense? He thought that he might have been, but shook away that negative feeling, focusing only on the positive. 

As he smiled down at both women, he took a gander around the cart and saw that the others were somewhat occupied. Except for Inari. She was looking at him curiously and the women that he held in his arms. She raised an eyebrow at him in question and he responded by drawing both snoozing women into him more tightly. His embrace wasn't one of possessiveness, but of tender, loving care. 

Inari smirked then, seeing that his feelings for the women he held were genuine. Her look still had a measure of inquisitiveness to it, but there was also acceptance there. Alex could tell that Persian woman had questions that she wanted to ask, but she simply moved her lips in a silent response. 'We'll talk later,' she mouthed, and he nodded once in response, understanding her intent. 

His eyes flicked to the other women in the cart, but he needn't have worried. Luminia, Taal'ani and Priya were just as tired as the rest of them and currently lost in their own thoughts. Judging by the looks on their faces, even if they had been looking right at him, they likely wouldn't have understood the exchange between him and Inari. 

The cab suddenly began to slow, jolting both Natalya and Kasumi out of their slumber. Natalya popped to her feet in an instant, while everyone else was just realizing that they were stopping. Nats was standing by the door as the cab ground to a halt. Once the doors opened, she was off like a shot, racing out of the station. 

"Nats, wait!" Alex called after her, but she didn't hear him, or didn't listen. The rest of the crew hopped to their feet and was right behind her, with Alex at the front of the pack. They were maybe a few meters behind Natalya, but she stayed ahead of the lot of them. They all tore into the hospital wing, seeking to find her adoptive mother. 

Nats was first at the room where Shazza was being kept but found that both women were not in the space. She then went to the room where Luminia had her scans done and found that one vacant as well. In this bit of searching, Alex and company finally caught up to her and stopped Nats in her tracks. 

"Get out of my way!" she growled at the assembled crew. 

"Nats, slow down!" Alex tried soothing her. 

"You don't understand! She's all the family that I have left! Let go of me!" she shouted as she tried to squish past them but found herself being pulled into Alex. Natalya fought against him, her fists pounding his massive chest as she tried to get past him. Seconds later, she broke down crying, bawling her eyes out, as Alex clung to her. 

"Nats, we'll find her. You can't go rushing off like that, because you don't know where you are going. We need to find where exactly she went, and we can do that, right here," Alexander explained. 

To demonstrate, he activated a nearby wall panel, the hologram flaring to life. Entering a few sequences, the hospital wing became the primary focus. A few more entries saw the most recent activity that had happened. As of twenty minutes ago, a large amount of energy was being drawn to power something in the Psychology wing. The power levels were constant and still active, narrowing their search considerably. 

"That's likely where she is, so let's go," he intoned gently. Nats nodded, seeing that there was no point in rushing off like she had. Korsa had drummed all sorts of mantras into her as a girl. The most important of which was resounding in her head at the moment; Never rush into a situation without thinking first. If you don't think before you act, you may just find yourself doing harm than good. 

Natalya couldn't believe that she'd gone and done exactly the opposite of what she'd been taught. But it was Korsa! Korsa had always been the immovable rock, the implacable wall, the goddess of war. Nothing could take that woman down and anything or anyone that tried wound up being destroyed. She always saw Korsa as being indestructible and now, she was worried about the implications of what had happened. 

They arrived at the psychology branch several minutes later and came upon Korsa almost immediately. Seeing her adoptive mother hooked up to the machine was too much for Nats. She cried out in despair and ran to her, seeking to disconnect the Khontaran woman from the Spock. 

"STOP!" Jaesa cried out in warning, as she materialized on a nearby holoprojector. 

"Why? She's hooked up to this machine and I need to get her out of it!" Natalya cried out pleadingly. 

"Trying to forcefully remove her right now would be killing her!" Jaesa told the distraught woman. 

"How?!? Explain!" Nats demanded. 

"When Doctor Korsa hooked Shazza up to the machine, it warned her that the possibility of establishing a mind link was below the optimal conditions. By going in herself, she established a bridge point between her mind and Shazza's mind. Because of how weak Shazza's brainwaves were, the link drew from Korsa's brainwaves to help stabilize the bridge," the AI explained. 

"To pull her out doesn't only risk damaging Shazza's mind, but Korsa's as well. There is no way to do so at this moment. Not without causing irreparable damage to her mind. That is the best case scenario if you were to attempt to disconnect her at this point," Jaesa finished. 

"What's the worst case scenario?" Inari asked. 

"The damage done could prove fatal, in the sense that her brain would cease to function." 

"Mama! What the hell did you do?!? You can't be taking risks like this!" she screamed at the unconscious woman, before turning into Alex again, blubbering into his chest. As he wrapped his arms around her, the other crew members of the Darkstrider closed in as well, enveloping Natalya in a group hug. Even Kas and Lumi went in to comfort the beleaguered woman in her time of crisis. 

"Hey, it's not like Korsa doesn't know what she's doing. She's a big girl and knows how to take care of herself," Inari told her friend. Nats went to say something but Inari continued, cutting her off. "I've been around the galaxy, fought with many different people at my side. Of everyone who stood with me, Korsa was the toughest being I've ever known. If there's anyone who can find their way out of this, it's her." 

"But she's never done anything like this before! I'm worried that she won't come back and if she does, that she'll be hurt or crippled in some way! Who knows what horrors lurk in the mind of a Xuul'khan?" Nats worried. 

"She had every confidence that she would succeed. She left a message for you see," Jaesa told her. 

"A message?" 

"Yes. I am playing it now," the AI said. A moment later, Jaesa disappeared from the holoprojector and was replaced by a hologram Korsa. 

"Hello everyone. By now, you've likely discovered what I've done and where I am. I know that you're probably going to chew me out Nats, so keep that under wraps until I've said my piece," the recording stated. Natalya almost smirked but held her tongue and waited for it to continue. 

"I went into this woman's mind for several reasons. Though none of them outrank these two. First, my oath as a Doctor, to save those whom I can, by whatever means necessary. The Spock has given me a unique opportunity to try and save Shazza from whatever is slowly killing her. If I can stop it, then it's my duty to try," she said. 

"My second reason is because with everything that's happened and all of the recordings I've seen of the woman, I don't believe her to be truly evil. It could be some kind of psychological control that goes beyond what we know. This is uncharted territory, but if I can get in there and somehow reverse it, then I'm damn well going to try." 

"I know that this both dangerous and risky, but it's something that I have to do. I'm not just going to sit here and watch her die, while whatever is killing her runs rampant. Try not to be mad at me Nats but know that I will come back. I don't know how long it will take me, but this won't break or slow me down. Just wait for me and I will be back." 

The recording ended there and the holo of Korsa derezzed, then became Jaesa again. Natalya then turned back to Alex burying her face into his chest once more. 

"Do you think she'll come back?" she asked Alex candidly, worry lacing her tone. 

"I have every faith that she'll come back Nats," Alex said soothingly. "All we have to do is wait." 

****************************** 

Korsa had little trouble in falling asleep and going into her own mindscape, having reached it many times before while meditating. After checking herself to ensure that her own mind was well guarded and safe, she began to make steps across the bridge, to Shazza's mind. The bridge itself was a glowing white tunnel, that led to a blackened door, which radiated darkness. 

Though Korsa had no idea what waited for her, she solidified her resolve and walked across the bridge. The door to Shazza's mind lay sealed, until she placed her hand upon it. Her hand glowed white as she touched it and the door began to open. It was slow, as though the door had a mind of its own and was reluctant to grant her passage. 

The door opened wide enough to admit her and Korsa walked on in, disallowing her fear to dictate her actions. Once she was clear of the door, it snapped shut behind her, locking itself with audible clicks. Steeling herself, Korsa knew that this was a possibility, of being locked within Shazza's mind unless she either helped her or found a way out. Though she had been sure to seal the entryway into her own mind though, so that only her consciousness could return. 

She took in the landscape that was Shazza's mind and grunted at the sight of it. Darkness lay about thickly in the area, with little to no light to show her which way was which. The only source of illumination was the clouds that roiled through the place. They were red and a grey so dark, that she thought they were almost black. The land itself around her was barren and withered, with dust and cracked clay everywhere. Almost nothing was around in the immediate vicinity, but something was visible in the murk. 

It was figure of some sort that was ambling towards her, almost like it was annoyed rather than truly alarmed. It was cloaked in black and of a size that was almost like her own, but slightly smaller. The being approached and barked in some sort of dialect that she didn't understand, the harsh and guttural language foreign to Korsa. Again, it spoke, but the inflection now, was more like a challenge than anything else. 

Korsa tried to communicate with it, but it suddenly was no longer interested in talking, only fighting. It bared a massive greatsword beneath its cloak and swung it at Korsa in a clumsy fashion. Dodging nimbly, it smashed into the ground where Korsa stood just a moment before. In an almost comical fashion, it pulled the blade out of the ground and made to swing at her again. 

Korsa was ready this time though and using her own thoughts, summoned her Thuun'tara blade to her hands. It materialized moments before the sword swung into her, neatly blocking the oafish blow. The clanging sound that rang out seemed to startle the figure as it hurried back, away from the warrior woman. Adopting a battle stance, Korsa sent it a message; that she was ready for whatever it would throw at her. 

Seeing that it would not have an easy time with Korsa, it turned suddenly and fled. It hoped to outdistance Korsa, but unfortunately for this being, that would not be the case. Several seconds later, Korsa had closed the distance to it and swung her sword, catching it in the back. It crumpled, falling to the ground with a yell, skidding for several feet before stopping. 

Korsa turned it over, trying to get some answers out of it, but as she did so, it started to crumble and age like old parchment. In mere moments, the whole being had withered away to dust. There was nothing left of what it was, not even its sword. Puzzled by this, the Khontaran woman stood and glanced around, making sure that there nothing and no one else around. Sensing and seeing nothing, she started to walk across the barren landscape. 

Korsa didn't know for how long she walked, an hour, a day, a week, time flowed differently in the mind, that much she knew. As she kept going, the clouds began to clear away, and light was emanating from something just ahead of her. Quickening her pace, Korsa hurried to the source of it, hoping to find something that would give her some answers. 

The glow was coming from some kind of computer mainframe that resided within Shazza's mind. Korsa thought it odd that this would be here and styled in such a way. As she approached, she saw that the whole thing was massive, taking up space for hundreds of meters in every direction. It seemed as though everything was arranged in an almost orderly fashion, which was unnatural. 

Despite this, she walked on into the cluster of computers and servers, witnessing multiple screens playing various images. It was then that she realized that the images in question were memories, that were being played in various times. She saw memories of Shazza interacting with other Xuul'khani, other species, attacking, killing and butchering them. Some of the memories were on a constant loop, while others seemed to be unique 

Turning away from the ghastly images, Korsa went to look around for any other memories that were playing. She searched for happier ones but could find none, as every memory being played was nothing but pure darkness and evil. There had to be something good of this woman, but she couldn't it. Korsa thought that maybe she was wrong, that maybe Shazza wasn't different like she had thought. 

She looked around, searching for something, anything that showed good intentions, but could find nothing. Looking up, Korsa saw that there seemed to be a central console above where she was standing. Focusing her will, Korsa began to float upwards, heading straight for it. She arrived at the spot and stepped onto the floor that supported the level. Approaching the console, she began to stretch out her arms, to try to find any good or happy memories, until a male voice called out for her to halt. 

Turning around almost immediately, Korsa looked upon a powerfully built Xuul'khani male. The male was looking her over in a lascivious fashion, appraising her body and features as he looked. A snide smirk appeared on his face, as though he decided that she would do nicely, for whatever sick pleasures he had in mind. Despite the fact that her vanity was stroked in that moment, Korsa kept a level head and stared him down. 

This male appeared to be a warrior of some kind, judging by his musculature and his gait. His walk could only be described as a deadly grace, someone at ease with death and with bringing it to their foes. He was shorter than Korsa, by at least a good foot, but that didn't detract from his fearsome appearance. His skin was a few shades darker than hers and had horns and hair that were blacker than ink. His yellow eyes glowed with an inner light and his very disposition seemed to be both feral and... demonic. 

"Who are you and why are you here? You do not belong here. You should leave this very moment," he intoned in a deep bass voice. 

"Who I am is of no consequence to you. I'm not leaving until I help this poor girl. Why are you here? You do not belong inside this girl's mind," Korsa fired back. 

"This girl gave herself to me. She is mine to do with as I wish!" the man scoffed at her as he began to circle to Korsa's left. 

"Not anymore." 

With that, Korsa took up a battle stance and brought forth her Thuun'tara blade once again. In turn, she began to circle him in the opposite way, keeping her blade at the ready. He looked her like she was a joke and threw back his head, laughing. Korsa was puzzled by this for a moment, until he began to speak. 

"You think that you can defeat me with that puny little blade? You cannot hope to win against me! It is a fool's errand to fight! Why? Because you will lose! You cannot fight me! You will not fight me!" he commanded, clearly expecting her to obey. 

For a few moments, Korsa did believe him. She believed that fighting him wouldn't make the situation better, only worse. The tendrils of doubt began to creep into her, and nearly took hold. Before she was consumed by blind obedience, Korsa remembered who she was and why she was here. What she had endured in her long life, all of the sacrifices she had made and the journey she had traveled to become the woman that she was. 

Bringing her focus back to the Xuul'khani, she kept him in her sights as he tried to approach. A look of pure surprise replaced his leering smirk, as he was shocked that she had resisted his orders. Anger etched its way onto his face moments later and he growled in annoyance. 
