 Author's note: I know that I am over my deadline by at least a week, but when life calls, you answer. I am working on doing things quicker, but with the approach of warmer weather, I foresee my writing windows getting smaller. Sadly, there's nothing for it, at least until I can quit my job and do this all day, every day. That's enough of me bellyaching about life today. Now, shall we begin? 

Shazza sat there hugging Korsa, while shaking with sobs of happiness. She could barely remember a time where she was free to make her own choices. Now, because of this stubborn and amazing woman she held, she finally had that freedom again! She could do whatever she wished, with whoever she wished for however long she wanted! That was a freedom that too many people took for granted! 

"Doctor, how is your patient?" a masculine voice asked gently. Shazza peeped in alarm at the presence of Alexander Tomisic, who was much more imposing now that he stood so close. Her mind flooded with all kinds of thoughts, some unwanted, while others were... enticing. 

"She is well at the moment, though there are a few tests and the like that I would like to run on her. To ensure that she is full cleared medically, as I have done on Luminia," Korsa stated to Alex as she broke the hug with the young woman. 

Shazza shrank back from the rest of the crew and looked upon them all fearfully. Though she had good cause to believe that they wished her ill, she needn't have worried. The looks she was getting now were more of curiosity and sadness, rather than fear. There was an apprehensive look that she picked up from the dusky-skinned woman with long black hair, but nothing major. 

"Jaesa, are you recording this?" Alex asked out loud. 

"Always, sir," the AI stated as she materialized on a nearby holo-emitter. The movement startled the alien woman, and she yelped in surprise. Making some calming gestures, Jaesa then addressed Shazza in the Xuul'khani language. 

"Hello... young one. I am not an enemy and... you do not need... fear of us. We are... present to... help," Jaesa said, as her use of the tongue was rudimentary. 

"I can speak your language now," she stated quietly, but to everyone's surprise. 

"How is it that you know our language? Have you understood us all this time??" the redheaded woman next to the man accused. 

"I understand and speak it, because of the... doctor?" she replied hesitantly, unfamiliar with the term. 

"That makes sense. The Spock melded their minds so they could share memories and experiences to a degree, while keeping their minds separate. Because of the mind link, they both learned some of what the other knows," the dark-skinned woman said out loud. Everyone turned to look at her in astonishment before looking back to Korsa and Shazza. 

"What? Mama went into this machine and I would be damned if I didn't read up on it, so I would know what it was capable of. If we had to do and emergency severing, I was going to be damn sure we got Mama K back as good as she was," the woman explained. 

"Smart woman," Shazza told her. 

"I should damn well hope so. I raised her to be one, so she bloody well better be!" Korsa remarked off-handedly. 

"You raised her? She is your... daughter?" 

"Adopted daughter," Korsa told Shazza. Seeing Shazza's confusion, Korsa then explained the meaning of adoption and understanding lit up her face soon after. 

"That is a very... kind attitude to have. My people show no such... kindness," she said with a bitter tang in her voice. 

Korsa then made introductions to everyone who was present. Though Lumi had to be coaxed out from behind Alex, still a bit fearful of speaking to a living, breathing Tsur'Shak(Light Eater). When Shazza looked at her as she was introduced, she was apprehensive, but also curious. She had been told that the Light Eaters had no compassion, no soul, but what she saw contradicted all she had been taught. 

"Mama, what happened in there?" Natalya asked the big woman. 

"Yes Doctor! I for one am eager to hear what you saw while you were in our... guest's... mind," Alex said, while eyeing Shazza with interest. 

"How can you be sure she's not playing us right now?" Kasumi asked. Inari and Priya seconded that line of thinking and questions poured out of everyone. Seeing that they weren't stopping, Korsa raised her arms for quiet, which she got, starting with Nats. Moments later, the hubbub died down, and she lowered her arms before speaking. 

Smiling good-naturedly, Korsa went into storytelling mode, going through everything she had seen, endured and pieced together. Though she did omit the voyeurism that she partook in when she witnessed the memory of Shazza and Palesia. She caught a grateful look from Shazza, as she could tell the woman was still a bit mortified that she had shown Korsa that memory. To be fair though, it wasn't all of her that was in control of what she was doing then. 

Everyone listened attentively, their eyes going wide at the things that Korsa described. With every detail and scene that was played out, the attitude the crew had towards Shazza softened considerably. Even Kasumi and Inari stopped glaring at her hatefully and looked at her with pity. Korsa finished her tale and everyone sat there, stumped and stunned at what went on in the mindscape. 

"The lengths that the ruling class of the Xuul'khan go to, just to maintain control over their own people? It defies everything that is both moral and right!" Alex said, thunderstruck at this revelation. 

"It is what all of those who aren't born to power, endure. Few among my... people... have their own free will and they are the worst of us," Shazza replied. 

"Being a prisoner in your own mind?" Luminia asked aloud, the shuddered at the thought. "That is a fate too horrific to contemplate." 

"But it is no longer my fate now. I can choose for myself and determine my own destiny!" the Xuul'khani woman said, with a ferocious sound in her voice. "I will never be a prisoner like that again!" 

"Nor should anyone be," Alex stated, before standing and glancing at his watch. "All right, it's getting late and I think that we could all do with some rack time." 

"I second that!" Natalya and Kasumi said simultaneously. They both looked at each other before bursting into a fit of giggles. Alex chuckled, sharing their mirth, before making his next announcement. 

"Shazza, you will be restricted to the hospital wing, until Doctor Korsa can do a proper workup of you medically. We need to ensure that you are carrying no pathogens of any kind before we can allow you to roam about the ship." 

"Captain? Are you sure that's wise?" Kasumi asked, her voice tightening. 

"The poor woman was as much a prisoner of her own people before she was ours. Worse, she was a slave to the will of a sadistic lord among her people. A man who had no compunction on using them all as disposable fodder for his ambitions. I aim to give her the benefit of the doubt," Alex told her gently. "If it makes you feel any better, you can stay here and maintain your guard post if you wish." 

"That will not be necessary captain," Korsa piped up. "I will assume full responsibility for her actions." 

"Mama, are you that sure about her?" 

"Baby girl, I have been inside her mind and seen everything that lies within it. I know her just as well as I know you and I trust her," Korsa told Natalya. 

Shazza, witnessing their conversation, was both astounded and flummoxed at Korsa's actions. Her people had gone and attacked hers, slaughtering all they could find, right down to the last child! Yet, she was showing both mercy and compassion. Shazza would not dare betray someone who was vouching for her! She had also seen both the skill and ferocity of her fighting ability, which further reinforced her decision. 

"I wouldn't dare do anything to harm the woman who freed me. I would sooner slit my own throat before I do anything like that," Shazza said, loud enough to be heard by everyone. 

"Very well Doctor. You are responsible for her every action then. I will leave the Sentries here for now, until you have cleared her medically," Alex stated, swayed by Shazza's words. "Shazza, you are now Doctor Korsa's ward. Every action you do, will now reflect on her. So, I would suggest that you not betray this woman's trust." 

"Yes... sir," Shazza replied, bowing her head. 

"All right everyone, let's all head to bed. It's been a long ass day and I think we could all use some shut eye. In light of everything that's been going on, I am declaring tomorrow a nothing day,' Alex announced. 

"A... nothing day?" Luminia inquired, puzzled by the concept. 

"A day where you can do absolutely anything you want, even if what you want to do is nothing at all," Kasumi said, clarifying. 

"Oh! Days like that almost never happen back on Talemkha! When such days do happen, they are days that everyone relishes!" Lumi said excitedly. 

"And Korsa, when you are done, be sure to head to Officer's deck when you are ready to turn in. Jaesa will guide you to your quarters," he told her. 

"Thank you, sir!" 

With that, everyone filed out of the hospital wing, leaving Korsa to go through her medical examination of the woman. As they traversed the distance to the monorail station, Natalya called out to Jaesa. 

"Jaesa, what is the state of the ship? Is there anything else that would need doing to get it fully back online?" she asked. 

"The most essential systems are fully repaired and functioning normally. The work you've done with the assistance of the Sentries has been phenomenal! It is good to have the ship back again!" the AI enthused. 

"How about the engines? Is there anything else that needs to be done to them?" Nats continued. 

"Nothing at this time Engineer Vostrikov. With the engines back to full capacity and the retro thrusters back to full power, we are holding a stable orbit above Talemkha," Jaesa finished. 

"That is excellent news Jaesa! For the evening and the entirety of tomorrow, you have the ship. Be sure to alert us if anything is amiss," Alex commanded. 

"Aye aye, sir!" Jaesa said, before her voice faded away. 

"Are you sure that we can trust this woman?" Inari asked, giving Captain Tomisic a pointed look. 

"The woman has just been freed from a type of mental control that has more or less dictated what she could and could not do. How would you be?" Alex asked her. 

Inari looked a bit abashed at that, knowing that being imprisoned in such a way was not something that was taken lightly. She remembered the story that had broken on the galactic news net a few years ago. About a group of girls who were used as pleasure slaves and had been abducted from their families at a young age. They were brainwashed into doing things that even hardened whores were reluctant to do. 

When the so called 'harem' was discovered, the authorities arrested everyone involved and set about freeing the girls from their torturous existence. The problem was, these girls were conditioned to enjoy their miserable lifestyle and didn't want to be freed. It took years for any of them to approach any sense of normalcy again. Inari simply nodded her head and continued on with the rest of them to the station. 

****************************** 

Shazza now sat on a hospital bed, completely nude while she was being scanned by the machinery that Korsa was operating. They had migrated from the psych wing to the general treatment wing. Though Korsa was sure that Shazza was carrying no harmful pathogens of any kind, she wanted some hard data to back up her belief. There was little sense in making a claim if you had no hard evidence. 

So, she had poked and prodded Shazza, who had endured the procedures without complaint. She then had her strip down, so she had a baseline for what to expect as far and Xuul'khan physiology was concerned. The analysis of her blood was still going through the motions, but it wouldn't be long before that bit was completed. Korsa had then focused on what she had found out about Shazza so far and it was interesting to say the least! 

From what she could tell, Xuul'khani were extremely resilient when it came to enduring pain. The amount of pain receptors in Shazza was less than what the average human had, by nearly twenty percent. That would likely explain how it was that Xuul'khani could shrug off blows that would have felled other species. 

Also, her bone structure was far denser than what she'd seen! Humans sat at around 3.88-2.90 g/cm squared, and that depended on whether you were male, female and in good health. Khontarans, sat anywhere between 5.10-4.02 g/cm squared for bone density. Shazza sat at nearly the female Khontaran equivalent and Korsa was astounded by what she'd seen! 

"You can get dressed now Shazza. I have everything I need," she told the prone woman as the scans completed. Sighing in relief that it was now done, Shazza sat up and started donning her clothing. She was in a similar room to what Luminia was in and like Luminia, the space she stood in was encased in a force field. Such measures were done to ensure that if she was carrying anything, it would be contained. 

Korsa also went through Shazza's DNA structure and found something that went even beyond what she had imagined! There seemed to be various mutations within Shazza's helical strands! Many of them appeared to be in a dormant state, though a couple of them were active. If Korsa had to guess, she figured that it was these mutations that were responsible for Shazza's leg shape. 

She was delving deeper into the strand structure when a pinging noise sounded. Craning her head to turn around to look at the screen from which it emanated, Korsa saw that results from the samples she had taken came back. All results were negative for anything that was infectious or for any known and unknown pathogens. A few irregularities aside, Shazza was perfectly safe to everyone around her. 

"Well, it looks like everything is all green!" Korsa said delightedly as she deactivated the force field and let Shazza out. 

"That is good news! I couldn't stand it if I had infected anyone with anything that I might have been carrying," she said with relief. 

"Indeed! I ran a risk already, exposing you like I had to everyone here in the hospital wing. But in light of your state of mind, it was a risk I was willing to take," Korsa told her warmly. 

"I am curious though, what is the mental state of the crew towards me? Do I have to worry about any of them? I am especially worried about those two women, Inari and Priya. I seriously hurt them with my actions, when you were all trying to capture me. I also was part of the boarding party that was sent to seize this ship and its secrets for my Prince. How can they all forgive me for what I've done?" Shazza wondered, tears finding their way down the sides of her face. 

"Despite what you have done, the actions following your attempt on Priya Patel's life have been, for lack of a better word, serendipitous. The events transpiring our landing were less than ideal, but we weren't just going to let shit happen to us. We fought our way out of it and not only got back aboard the Perseus but also helped save a people stave off enslavement and subjugation," Korsa told her. 

"We also found an abundant amount of materials that we would need to not only repair the Perseus but also to repair our own ship. We have established peaceful, if not abundantly friendly relations with these people. These Artucian, which is what they are called, have agreed to allow us to take these materials. They are allowing this, in exchange for helping them make their quality of life better," Korsa continued. 

Shazza stood there, speechless at all of what Korsa had just told her. They had done all of that? Because they had gone to retrieve their friend and crashed on the planet below? That in itself, was truly amazing and one hell of a good takeaway from what had initially happened! Though, Shazza would be sure to not try to blow people up from now on. 

"So, despite your intention to kill us with that makeshift bomb, everyone survived. A little worse for wear, but alive and intact. Because of that, it grants you the possibility of redemption in their eyes," Korsa then finished. 

"I'm not sure if I believe that. But, believing that I could be more than what I was, is something I thought was gone forever. So, I will try to believe that I can find forgiveness and redemption in their eyes," Shazza mumbled. 

"No! Try not! Do, or do not. There is no try," Korsa told her semi sternly, while trying not to laugh. "I always wanted to say that!" 

Looking quizzically at the giggling woman, Shazza was left scratching her head all the while. Korsa finally came out of her giggling fit long enough to explain herself and where the quote came from. When it all dawned on Shazza, she couldn't help but laugh a little herself. 

"So, let me get this straight, you're telling me, that I am supposed to take the advice of a little green alien, that is imaginary, and could channel the power of the lifeblood of the universe?" the Xuul'khani woman asked. 

"Basically, yeah!" Korsa chuckled. 

"Do you have any idea how absurd that sounds?" 

"I do, but the principle of the advice is sound," Korsa reminded her. 

"I guess, but..." Shazza then stifled a yawn. "Even though I've been out for the better part of a day, I need some rest. How long have we been here?" 

"A few hours at least," Korsa replied, after checking the time. 

"I suppose I would go back to the brig then?" Shazza asked. 

"You most certainly will not! The captain made me responsible for you, so you will come and stay with me for now," Korsa told her in no uncertain terms. 

"But..." 

"No buts! You are coming with me and that is final!" Korsa said in a tone that told Shazza that arguing was a waste of time. She then dismissed the Sentries as she beckoned for Shazza to follow her. Nodding, Shazza fell into step with Korsa as they left the hospital wing and headed to the monorail station. 

When they arrived, Shazza was left in wide-eyed wonder at the idea of having carts that would ferry you across the ship, so you didn't waste time walking. After sitting in one of the cars, Korsa called out 'Officer's deck' before the car moved and they were on their way. Jaesa then appeared on one of the holo emitters in the car as it made its way through the ship. 

"Hello ladies. I am glad to see that you both well from your ordeal. I just thought I should tell you Doctor, that the captain had the Sentries and service bots refit your cabin," the AI told her. 

"Refit my cabin?" Korsa asked, confused. 

"Yes. As the only medical officer aboard the Perseus, the captain went to a few lengths to make your stay more comfortable. The Chief Medical Officer's quarters has been refitted with a bed, clothing and amenities befitting someone of your size and stature," Jaesa informed her. 

"That was awfully nice of him!" Korsa smiled. 

"He also had me fabricate some additional clothes, scrubs and other everyday items for you. They are waiting in your cabin now," Jaesa told her. "And worry not Miss Shazza, we will fit a cabin and clothing for you as well." 

"Thank you and it's just Shazza," she replied quietly. 

"Very well then Shazza. Also, I had a few thousand questions I wanted to ask you," the AI bubbled. 

"Questions? About what?" 

"You, your people and everything you can tell us about them. You see, when the Xuul'khan attacked, there was no reason given as to why. Humanity, among many other races, tried to open a dialogue with them, but no communication was given or received," Jaesa stated. 

"That was because no dialogue was to be ever be opened with... inferior races, as I was taught to believe you were," Shazza explained. 
