 Author's note: I just wanted to say sorry for how long it took me to get this one out to you all, my faithful readers. I would have had it out sooner, but commitments to certain events, coupled with a bout of food poisoning, slowed me down. 

Thankfully, it all passed and I got it all done up as it needed to be done. This one was loads of fun to write (pun intended) and when you gets to the second half of this, you'll understand why ;) Now, shall we begin?

******************************

The crew enjoyed the feast that Natalya had prepared for them, relishing each morsel they ate. The taste and texture of each dish enthralled Shazza and Luminia, unaware that such rapture could come from food. With everyone there, it wasn't long before everything was consumed and everyone was content and full. Alex then called everyone's attention, addressing an issue that was on his mind.

"All right. I know that we all have a lot to do and there is a fair amount of work to be done, but there is a mission that both Commander McKenzie and I need to complete," he started.

"What mission would that be sir?" Inari asked.

"The proper and successful settlement of the colonists aboard this ship. It has been centuries since our mission began and we still have yet to complete it. The overall mission for the Perseus has changed, but that aspect has not," Alex continued.

"We have been sidetracked and set off course by a great deal of things, but some of which are most fortunate," he said with a glance at Natalya.

"I am a man of my word though, and we will stay on to help the Artucian with bettering their position. But the colonists won't survive in cryo sleep forever. And I have not forgotten about the repairs that are to be made to the Darkstrider, which will be done. I'd truly be an ungrateful asshole if I left you ladies stranded here," Alex finished with a smile.

"Thank you, sir! I truly appreciate the effort you are making to make us feel more at home here aboard the Perseus. Which brings me to a topic I have been meaning to discuss with you for the last couple of days," Inari said.

"Oh? Do tell Commander."

"Ever since Priya and I were discharged from the Federation Navy, we swore to not get involved in the goings on of the galaxy. That we would only look after ourselves and other wayward souls who needed help. But since we wound up here, after being chased by pirates no less, things have changed," Inari stated.

"Finding the Perseus was something that I knew would our lives entirely, but our original plans were... less than altruistic," she admitted. We had initially planned to scrap the ship and sell it piece by piece to the highest bidder. We didn't expect to find any survivors aboard and those who were good people. Ever since we met Commander McKenzie, yourself and the Artucian people, I found my faith in something greater than myself again."

"After I was disgraced and betrayed in the worst way imaginable, I no longer could believe in something beyond myself. I thought believing in something was foolish, because I would find nothing but betrayal in the end. But now, having served with you for this brief time, has swayed me. Captain Alexander Tomisic, I, Inari Zafira Sunara, do formally request to join the Human Systems Alliance, under your command," Inari finished, before standing up and saluting the man.

Priya looked at her lover with a profound sense of wonder and awe, never having heard such an impassioned speech from her! Inari was right, on how they had both sworn to be their own bosses, never serving anyone else, or anyone else's ideals. Now, here she was, ready to throw in with Captain Tomisic and his mission, along with Commander McKenzie. Pree knew from the look on Inari's face, that she wasn't joking and stood with her lover.

"I would also like to join Inari in that request sir. Wherever she goes, I go, and that is final," Priya stated in a voice as resolute as iron.

"Sir, I stand with my friends and shipmates," Natalya told him, standing to attention. "The Perseus is need of repairs and unless you can find a more talented engineer to repair and maintain him, I would like to be the one who does it."

"Natalya may not be my flesh and blood she is still my daughter. It's a mother's duty to protect her children, however she can. That and your crew are in serious lack of a proper medical officer, to which I would offer my services, in a more permanent capacity," Korsa voiced. "I too, request entry into the Human Systems Alliance, sir."

"As do I, sir. Since the crew of the Darkstrider rescued me, I have every intention of staying with my new family. And, as advanced as Jaesa is, you are lacking a cyber systems specialist that can help ensure that she's running at peak efficiency. If you will have me as well, I would like to join my crew," Taal'ani told him with a dead serious look on her face.

"Since I have come awake from the Spock, you have treated me as a proper sentient being, despite the fact that I tried to kill you all. You granted me mercy when I expected to be executed for my crimes against you and the crew. I owe you all a life debt, one which I would happily spend my life trying to repay. I humbly submit myself to you, to be assigned and ordered as you see fit... sir," Shazza said solemnly, as she knelt before Alex.

"I too wish to join with your... crew. I have already done much that has helped them and want to continue doing so. Though I may not be a chief and can offer little in assurances, as it is not my place, I can say that my people would jump at the chance of becoming, how you say... allies? They would wish that very much, I can say that with certainty," Luminia told Alex and Kasumi before bowing.

Alex and Kas were completely stumped at this new offer! They had been certain that the crew of the Darkstrider would soon part ways with them, once they had both ships repaired. The entire crew offering to put themselves at his command?!? This was something he was completely new to! Kas looked at him with an equally surprised face, but it was mixed with acceptance, almost like she was glad for this.

If he was being honest with himself, Alex was glad of this outcome as well! Before he had left Earth and taken this position on the Perseus, he didn't focus on finding anyone at home for himself. Something that his adoptive father had grilled into him, was that he needed to focus on his career first and romantic relationships second. Though wise advice, it was now something he was calling into question, as the career he intended to pursue was now gone.

That and the beautiful dark-skinned woman who had shared his bed for the last week now, had started to make a place in his heart. Alex could feel himself falling in love with Natalya and was feeling that she felt the same way about him. He couldn't bear the thought of her having to leave, feeling as he did. And now, if this request was to be believed, she would be staying right there, with him!

Though his heart hammered at this, Alex knew that he had to be a proper captain and be detached when making decisions. The fate of thousands of colonists depended on his every move, and if he made any mistakes, their deaths would be on his head. He mulled over the offer the Darkstrider crew was making and could find no discernable cons. It looked like a win-win in his eyes, but he still had a job to do.

"I appreciate what you are all offering and with everything that has happened, I am inclined to accept your proposal right now. But, in the spirit of and traditions of the Human Systems Alliance as it was, I implore you all to take the night to think and sleep on what you are offering," he said to them. The crew looked as though it would protest, but he held his hand up, to indicate that he had more to say. The women quieted as he continued.

"If in the morning, you are feeling the same way as you are now, then report to the bridge at 0800, in a set of dress blues. Or in what whatever constitutes formal clothing for your people," he amended, nodding towards Luminia and Shazza.

"Jaesa, set the fabricators to craft proper uniforms for each woman here who does not have them," Alex called out.

"As you wish, sir. The fabricators have begun production," Jaesa responded.

"Wait a sec. Don't you need measurements of us in order to do so?" Inari called out.

"I already have them Lt. Commander, via the video feeds of everyone aboard the ship. Don't worry, I'll make sure that everything fits properly," the AI responded gently.

"Oh. Well, all right then. We agree to these terms, sir. We will sleep on it, but the odds of us changing our minds on this are slim to none," Inari informed the big man.

"Understood, Lt. Commander. Though I would still advise everyone to take the night to think things through, to ensure that you're all doing this for the right reasons," he stated.

"Yes, sir," Inari responded with a salute. The rest of the crew was maybe a few seconds behind her, with Shazza and Luminia doing their best to mimic their salute. Alex saluted them back, coming to attention as he did so. With that, he broke his pose first and the rest of them followed his movement a heartbeat later. With that, they all dispersed, except Kas and Nats.

"Sir, I understand your reasoning behind giving the crew some time to think over their decisions, but why not accept them outright?" Kasumi asked. Nats nodded vehemently, wondering what her lover was up to.

"It's not that I don't want to accept them into the crew of the Perseus. It's that I want to be sure that they will commit to the mission that the Perseus was created to carry out. I would rather have a crew that is all in, rather than half-assing their commitment. It's all in or not at all, because partway commitment will not be enough to complete it," Alex explained.

"That makes sense. I appreciate you giving the rest of the crew time to think it over. But I'm sure you know where I stand on the matter," Nats said with a smoldering look. Alex smiled at her and drew both women into a long hug. He could feel their hands roaming around his back and travelling lower, when he backed away.

"As much as I appreciate the thought ladies, I am going to need to be able to think straight tonight," he said with a chuckle. "I have a lot on my plate, and I need to figure things out, from a lot of perspectives."

"We understand sir, just as long as..." Kas began.

"... we get to finish what we started just now," Nats finished.

"That's a promise that I can keep. Tomorrow, after everything has been finalized, I have every intention of pillaging you both until you walk funny for a week," Alex said with a lustful growl.

"You had better!" Natalya said as she turned and left with Kasumi, teasing him with their bouncing assets.

Alex had half a mind to chase after them and bend them both over every console on the bridge, but he had a job to do. He had been honest with the ladies about that, as he needed to be sure of everyone's commitment. He couldn't have anyone being halfway about this, as anything less than full commitment to the mission was liable to get people killed.

Once he was alone on the bridge, Alex walked back over to the captain's chair. He pressed a few buttons, activating the recording device he used for his logs.

"Captain's Log of the Perseus, Captain Alexander Tomisic speaking. So much has changed in these last few days, since waking up out of cryo sleep. Things have transpired in ways I have not even imagined, and I am now at a loss of what needs to be done," he began. He kept going with his thoughts and ruminations, until an idea came to him. The more he thought about it, the more he was sure that this was the way to go.

******************************

Kasumi and Natalya were chattering away about what had just happened on the bridge, as they made their way to the Officer's lounge. Nats had suggested a nightcap, to help them sleep and Kas was of a similar mind, the both of them far too excited to sleep. They walked in and found Taal'ani, Inari, Priya and Korsa there, all talking quietly in a small group. The moment they walked in, Korsa waved both women over.

"Hey mama. What's up? Can't sleep either?" Natalya asked.

"Nope. So, we decided to all sit down here and have an honest chat about why we all want to join the Human Systems Alliance. Even though the whole movement has been long dead for centuries," Korsa told her daughter.

"It's not dead anymore, not with Ale... Captain Tomisic and myself still alive," Kasumi stated nervously.

"It's all right Kas. You can call him by his name here. We're all women and we all know that both you and Nats here are taking him to bed most nights," Pree stated with a smirk. Kasumi blushed as she was put on the spot, but smiled, as she remembered the captain's promise to both him and Natalya.

"Speaking of which, is that offer still open Nats? I've been a bit high and dry for a while now and I need some release!" Taal'ani griped.

"What is she talking about Nats?" Kasumi wondered.

"Well, I did make an offer to Talon here, about letting her jump in with Alex, if he was amenable to it. She more or less found out about how Alex and I spent our first night together and the way she was staring at him, it was kind of obvious what she wanted," Natalya explained.

"What?!?" Kasumi yelped, shocked at the brazen attitude that Natalya had.

"Hey! This was before you entered the picture with Alex and I, becoming our third," Nats told her, which had Kasumi back off.

"Yeah! Besides, it's not like I want to steal the man away or upstage either of you ladies. I just want... a little bit of what you two have been getting," Taal'ani admitted. "It's not like was just going to throw myself at the man without either of your consent."

"What?" Kasumi said, confused at this line of thinking.

"Since both you and I are in a relationship with the man Kas, if any of these ladies here want some time with him, like that, they have to ask us first. Provided we say yes, they will then see about if he's receptive to their advances. If not, then they back off and leave it be," Natalya told her.

"Your whole crew is open like this?" Kas asked, flummoxed at just how open-minded they all were.

"Yup. It is the twenty-eighth century after all, so folks are more open than back in your day. Honestly, we wouldn't mind getting ourselves some as well, provided you give us the OK, Commander," Inari stated, while looking at a blushing Priya, who nodded.

"Do all of you share your men like this?" Kasumi wondered.

"Only if the guy is really worth it or if we have gone without for some time," Korsa said, startling the redhead.

"How long has it been for you?" Kas asked the big woman, feeling a bit of pity for her.

"Seven months. And the last guy was with didn't even know how to make me cum, so it's been at least ten without someone else making me orgasm," Korsa stated with no shame. Kas then looked to Talon, who also responded.

"Fourteen months with no male contact."

"Really? What happened with that Fel'caan male that you had been talking to?" Natalya asked her friend.

"Bad attitude and even worse manners. Five minutes into the date, I knew that he was a conceited and arrogant jerk. I left his ass and haven't talked to him since," Talon stated bitterly.

"And I thought you two were lesbians," Kas said, directing her attention to the dusky-skinned women next to Korsa.

"Like we told Talon, we're not complete lesbians. We prefer each other's company, sure, but that doesn't mean that we don't like a good hard cock to share, if it's available. So, is it?" Priya asked.

"Is it what?" Kas asked, stumped.

"Alex's cock. Is it available to share? Or are you just going to share with Nats? It's cool if that's your thing, to just keep him to yourself. But if you're open to the idea, we would like to have a sampling of the man, if it's cool with you," Inari stated.

"Well... I've... never considered the... possibility of this. I didn't think that... everyone would be so... progressive in their thinking," Kasumi stuttered. The way the other women looked disappointed, until she spoke her next line of thinking.

"But... after watching Alex and Natalya... I have to admit... the thought of it... makes me... hot!" she finally admitted.

"So, is that a yes?" Talon asked, her eyes lighting up.

"It is, but... how are you all going to... make it happen?" Kas wondered.

"I have an idea about that," Korsa said, drawing everyone's attention.

"What did you have in mind?" Inari and Kasumi asked at the same time, before looking at each other and giggling.

"Nats, you and Kas come with me to the hospital wing. I want to make sure we have everything we need for what I have planned," Korsa said as she stood. Curious, both Natalya and Kasumi hurried along in her wake, eager to hear the big woman's plan.

"What do you have planned?" Talon called out to her as the trio left.

"On getting every woman's itch scratched properly!" Korsa called back. Taal'ani, Priya and Inari couldn't help but smile at this. They all knew, that if Korsa had a plan, then they were in good hands, as anything she wanted to do, often surpassed what anyone could predict.

******************************

"Well, I'm off to bed. I probably shouldn't have had that much tequila," Talon groaned softly.

"Are you kidding? You'll sleep like a baby! Remember how fast the last bottle you downed went through your system?" Inari asked.

"Oh yeah!" Taal'ani grinned sheepishly, before ambling off towards her quarters. She left Inari and Priya alone, as Shazza and Luminia had adjourned to their quarters almost immediately.

"So, I'm still wide awake. You?" Pree asked her lover.

"Yup. Though I could use a few more drinks," Inari admitted.

"Touche!" Priya agreed. She poured several more shots of the maple whiskey that Alex had shown them, and she had to admit, it tasted nice. Both women downed each shot, getting progressively drunker with each one. Though they took their time with the last shot and started discussing things between each other. Mainly, why Inari had offered her services to Captain Tomisic like that.

"Sure, we agreed to be merchants and occasionally smuggle a few things here and there and didn't do too shabby for ourselves. But remember what we discussed, right before we applied for our merchant licenses? About how we would follow someone who was worth following, if we felt the cause was right?" Inari asked her girlfriend.

"I remember. About how if there was someone who was about getting things done and not letting politicians and their own interests bar the way. With the Human Systems Alliance all but gone, I am starting to see your point of view on this," Priya went on.

"With them being the only ones in full control of the Perseus, they are the ones who now command it. No one else does and no one else will. They aren't political, except to the ideals which they hold themselves to, which is rare these days. If we were to join them, we could start to make a real difference in people's lives! Like we always talked about back in our academy days!" Priya mused, as she put things together.

"Exactly so. Of all the opportunities we've had to do some good, this is by far, the best one we've found! Or will ever find, for that matter," Inari replied.

"You're damn right!" Priya enthused, feeling hopeful for the first time in years.

She looked at her captain, whom she left the Federation Navy for, and was amazed at how far they'd gone with their endeavor. She couldn't help but marvel at everything they did together and at the life they shared. At this point in time though, there was only one thing she wanted to do with Inari, to show how much she appreciated the life she had given her, outside the Federation.
