 Disclaimer: All characters are 18 or older.

This is a commissioned story, written by me. All characters belong to Iceman99, and are used as his request.

Content warnings: Huge cock, furry(ish?), light cumflation

*****

Chapter 1: The Arrangement

Jessica Springs sighed, dissatisfaction gnawing deep in her belly. Five years. Five years since she'd last felt the touch of a man. There was no justice in the world.

She glanced to the full-length mirror beside her door. A tall, graceful, elven figure looked back from the glassy surface, her flawless, naturally tan skin bare and glistening with wetness, still fresh from the shower. Standing 6'3", she was tall enough to stand out in almost any crowd, and beautiful enough to hold the attention of anyone who spotted her. Her hair was long and straight, her shimmering black tresses flowing over her pointed ears and down her back in a river of ebony silk, coming to a stop level with the bottom of her shoulder blades. Her face was enchanting, with narrow, elegant features and high cheekbones, giving an impression of nobility. Her full, pink lips turned down at the corners, forming a soft frown as her intense, chestnut-brown eyes roamed down, inspecting the figure in the mirror, the mirror image doing the same. 

On her tall, slender frame, her impressive features looked perfectly fitting, where they might have made a shorter woman look exaggerated. Full D-cup breasts, with barely a suggestion of sag, softly swayed with her breathing, coffee-brown nipples puckering slightly under her own gaze. Her hips were a bit more generous than most elves, something she'd been somewhat embarrassed of when she was younger. But her shame became a point of pride as age and effort filled out her figure with a mouth-watering callipygian derriere, a shapley, juicy bubble butt that drew looks of hunger and envy as it swayed with her stride. She was practically the walking ideal of snow elf beauty. Her long dry spell certainly couldn't be blamed on her body. 

The average onlooker might have guessed the youthful yet mature beauty to be in her mid-twenties. Even elves usually assumed her to be in her mid thirties, at the latest. Generous compliments for a woman having turned fifty two just a few months ago. To be fair, magic had a way of keeping its practitioners young. And she was certainly familiar with the powers of magic. Over the years, she'd risen from a talented child forbidden from attending the great elven university due to her heritage, to one of the most powerful enchanters east of the Glass Sea. She'd become respected as a genius in the field of runic magic, her talents known throughout the lands. She would likely have a seat on the mage's council if it weren't for the old high elven men who clung to their seats with gnarled hands and blindly followed their racist, sexist traditions, locked away from the real world in their ivory tower. 

The snub stung, she had to admit, but she was more than capable of making do without the seat. She'd become wealthy enough to finance whatever research the old men wouldn't, selling her services and rune-magic products at a premium. When she'd been as young as she'd looked, she'd dreamed of a life like this. She was beautiful, respected, and wealthy. So how could five years have passed without 

What had happened that had left her so long without the touch of a man? Jessica turned her mind back. Almost five years ago, she'd helped Queen Veles with a particularly stubborn case of infertility. In her gratitude, both for her aid and for her discretion, the queen had offered the mage a sprawling mansion, one of her summer homes, located outside a rather bustling town. After that, it had been one thing after another. First, she'd found herself occupied with moving in, then with turning the eastern wing of the mansion into a series of laboratories, studies, and libraries. Then there had been her campaign for a seat on the mage's council. Then she'd decided to take on an apprentice, only to end up taking on two. 

But if she were being truly honest with herself, none of those tasks would have been enough to stand in her way if she'd made an effort. Her first priority was always her work, her passion aimed at magic, never romance. And she was particular about her prospective suitors, too. She staunchly refused to abandon her accomplishments, she loathed the idea of becoming just some particularly pretty piece of furniture for a man. Just the same, she wouldn't allow herself to be taken advantage of, for some parasitic leech to attach himself to her without offering something in return. 

And yet, she was a woman, and she had needs. She would have settled for purely animal sex, but she was apparently too intimidating for younger men to approach, and those that did weren't worth the effort needed to sneak past her curious apprentices. It was a thorny dilemma, to be certain, and the more she thought about it, the more annoyed she became. She hadn't put much thought into her long absence of male attention until a few weeks ago, and all of a sudden her desires were growing more intense and less ignorable.

she shook her head, trying to put the growing hunger and moistness between her thighs out of her mind. She had too much to do today to indulge in self-pity. She was going into town for the day. It had been more of a chore before she'd created a doorway that led from her mansion into the shop in town, but it was still a commitment. The new mayor was insisting they meet to renew her laboratory permits, but the fat orc was more likely just trying to get a chance to ogle her. She normally wouldn't have bothered, but there was a gnome caravan in town, and she wanted to see if they had picked up any of the more exotic reagents she needed while traveling. She scoffed to herself. She was getting just about desperate enough to see if the old wive's tale about gnomes was true. This was getting out of control. If she didn't come up with some sort of relief, and soon, things would get much worse.

She shook her head once more, gesturing toward the closet with one hand and closing her eyes. When they opened again, they glowed, and her voice poured out of her with an unfamiliar echo, a word almost unpronounceable passing her lips. The glow faded as quickly as it appeared, and she sat herself on the edge of the bed as clothes emerged from the closet, floating toward her. 

Her feet came up off the floor to allow a pair of white, thigh-high stockings engulf her long, shapely legs. A garter belt snapped itself in place above her generous hips, the straps lashing out like tentacles to fasten themselves to the edges of her stockings. Panties, swiftly shadowed by a pair of tight shorts, slipped around her ankles. She pushed herself to her feet to let them work their way up her thighs and over the swell of her hips. A white top wrapped her in its embrace, buttons fastening themselves, the pale material hugging her mounds, just thin enough to hint at the darker tone of her nipples when the light hit it just right. Her hair came to life, gathering itself up as a pair of long, blunt needles floated toward her, only to spear through the tight bun it formed and hold the silky hair in place. Finally, a pair of tall deerskin boots hopped out of the closet, walking themselves over to her to leap onto her feet as she lifted them off the ground one by one. 

With them in place, the outfit was complete. She looked well-dressed, but alluring at the same time. Experience told her that with time, the shorts would ride up and the stockings down, baring just the tiniest sliver of her creamy thighs, enough to draw stares, particularly if she bent over. It was a risky outfit to wear, but perhaps this would help some young buck overcome his trepidation and satisfy the itch deep inside her.

Jessica pivoted on a heel and stepped for the door, the portal opening with a snap of her fingers, a small rune etched on the handle glowing to life, then fading out as it shut itself behind her. A squeak of floorboards suddenly drew her eyes down to hall, to fall upon a very surprised-looking apprentice. Alexandra New-Wood was a good apprentice, talented, but something had been weighing on the girl lately. Normally, Jessica tried to give her students some distance, to avoid getting wrapped up in the melodrama of the young and restless. But after sharing a mansion for two years, it was almost impossible to avoid all bonding. Jessica admitted, she was fond of the girl. She'd been her first choice as apprentice, before being convinced to take on Andrew as well. 

Jessica saw something of herself in Alex. Both emotionally, seeing the young, talented elf refused by other masters, and physically, as well. They both shared the same tall, graceful figure, the same pointed ears, high cheekbones, full breasts and shapely bubble butt. But there were plenty of differences, too. The biggest being that Alex looked like a color negative of Jessica, with smooth, flawless black skin, long, wavy, snow-white hair, and crimson irises, all typical of dark elves. Alex was a couple inches shorter, which made her figure look a little more impressive at first glance. Her breasts were more perky, sitting high and proud on her chest. And she looked a bit younger, even with Jessica's lingering youthful appearance, the dark elf was only twenty three, very nearly a full thirty years her junior.

"Miss Springs! I... I thought you were in your lab already." Alex stammered in surprise.

Jessica arched an eyebrow, curiously. "...No, I haven't been downstairs yet." She explained, glancing toward the door Alex was slowly backing away from. Andrew's door. A smirk crossed her features. "What are you up to?" She inquired.

Alex's gaze darted away. "N-nothing, Miss Springs." She evaded.

Jessica cast her a questioning glance. "I thought I left rather explicit instructions for you to open the shop while Andrew worked on scribing more scrolls. Don't tell me you're slacking off..." 

Alex's eyes widened. "No, Miss Springs! Never!" She assured, then glanced to the door. "I... I just was going to try to wake Andrew. I think he might sick or something." She explained, turning back to Jessica. "He's been oversleeping a lot, and he's always tired or distracted... He says nothing wrong, but... I can hear him through the wall sometimes, groaning in his sleep... like he's in pain. It's been happening more and more often over the last couple weeks." She explained, sounding concerned.

Jessica looked curiously to the door, then to Alex, smirking. "He's lucky to have a friend who cares so much." 

Alex's dark skin made it impossible to see her actually blush, but Jessica could tell she would have been bright red as she vehemently objected. "I'm not! I mean, I don't! It's not like I care about him or anything, I'm just tired of cleaning up his mistakes!" She justified, crossing her arms. "I wouldn't be surprised if he's just faking sick so he can get out of helping out." She added, turning her back on the door. 

Jessica shook her head, still smirking softly. Ah, youth. It could be so entertaining from this perspective. "Alright, I get it, that's enough. Just head down and get the shop opened up. I'll wake him up and tell him to get on with making the scrolls." She instructed, gesturing the dark elf off. Alex marched off down the hall, muttering indignantly under her breath about the assumption.

Jessica turned to Andrew's door, raising a fist and knocking sharply on the wood. She waited a moment, hearing only silence on the other side. She frowned, knocking again, but harder, more insistent. "Andrew! It's Miss Springs. You've overslept!" She called, but again, heard only silence. Well, no sense wasting time. she snapped her fingers, a sigil on the doorknob lighting up as the door swung open before her and she stepped through the threshold.

Andrew was relatively neat, for a male, and his room showed it. His books were sorted by subject, then ordered by usefulness, his desk bearing an arch of supplies surrounding the central workspace, everything readily available. His floor was almost always clean, but now, it was littered with dirty clothes, even a handful of towels that looked like they'd been left to dry on the floor. Jessica's nose crinkled slightly as an odd smell washed over her. Body odor, sweat, and... peanuts? Whatever it was, it wasn't as bad as she'd been expecting, now that she got a good whiff of it. She almost wanted some peanuts, now. She glanced over to the bed, normally neatly made, and found it occupied by her student, his back to her, the sheets loose and tangled around his limbs. 

She stepped closer to the bed, looking over the sleeping form of her apprentice. Andrew Stone-Walker was an impressive specimen of the minotaur race, even at only twenty two. Standing 8'5", with a powerful, muscular frame covered in black and gray fur, his looming presence dominated any room he entered. But his intimidating physique disguised the soft heart inside. He was a kind, gentle individual, gifted with a real talent for magic. He was a natural-born healer and showed a knack for earth and life magic. He was a promising student, thoroughly overcoming her initial reluctance to follow Alexandra's suggestion to take him on as well. 

He lay on his side, his broad shoulders presenting her with a wall of granite-hard minotaur muscle. As she stepped closer, she found herself looking closely at the way his fur faded from a coat of dense dark black fur at each extremity, to a thinner coat of lighter gray on his torso, transitioning swiftly as one's eyes went up over his thighs and biceps. The thinner fur was warm and soft to the touch, transparent enough to see the musculature of his back, his chest, and his abs, though they were currently hidden by his posture. She leaned over him, laying a hand on his shoulder. "Andrew. Wake up." She insisted, watching his face. His head was bull-like, but expressive, covered in darkish gray fur, with forward-facing deep brown eyes, a short snout, and flexible lips. From his temples thrust a pair of horns, long, brown weapons that thrust forward before hooking up at the tips. His hair was black, mid-length, and naturally swept back away from his face and down the back of his neck. 

"Andrew." she urged, giving the immovable slab of muscle a soft shake. Andrew groaned, rolling over in his sleep until he lay on his back. Jessica frowned in annoyance, but suddenly, moment in the corner of her eye drew her attention, and as her eyes fell upon the offender, the world seemed to freeze. Thrusting from Andrew's groin loomed a monolithic slab of immense, granite-hard cockmeat. 

Her mouth hung open as she struggled to wrap her mind around what she was seeing. The beast was huge, longer and thicker than her forearm, even counting her fist. More than a foot, perhaps as long as fifteen inches, and perhaps three inches across at the thickest point. It was familiar and alien at once, like no cock she'd ever seen, even ignoring it's enormous size. There was no foreskin, just a short sheath stretched around the throbbing base of the pillar. The head was flat and flared, like a horse's cock. Underneath it, a pair of balls the size of grapefruit, churning as they manufactured his potent seed. The marble-hard shaft throbbed, angrily, the bungling veins tracing its length bulging. The crown spat forth a grape-sized dollop of clear, sticky precum, which swiftly rolled down the length in a glistening rivulet, alongside dozens of others like it. A tiny, glistening strand linked the knob to a towel lying on the bed, soaked to dripping wet with his copious precum. The smell of sweat and peanuts was suddenly overwhelming, and she realized her mouth was watering. 

With that thought, Jessica recoiled from the pulsing shaft, like it was a snake ready to strike. What was she doing? He was her student, and she was his mentor. It was wrong even if you ignored that he was thirty years younger than her, and a minotaur, on top of it. How would that monster even fit inside, no matter how wet she was, that beastly cock would stretch her wide, fill her dripping slit deeper than any elf... She shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts of that particularly stubborn filthy notion. What was getting into her? This wasn't right. It was wrong in so many ways...

She took a deep breath to steady herself, filling her nose with that smell once again. ...Was it really so wrong? He was young, yes, but he was an adult, by law and by custom. He could make his own decisions. She wouldn't force him to do anything, just offer him the option. And she certainly wouldn't allow it to color her teaching. It would be convenient for both of them, too, they were right down the hall from each other. If she went much longer without sex, her sex drive would drive her crazy, and she'd start making mistakes. And he clearly could use some relief of his own, judging by how hard he was, how much sticky precum his cock was leaking. The icing on the cake was that, if she was really honest with herself, the boy was hot. He was strong, muscular, handsome, and hung like a stallion. 

She bit her lip. Was she really thinking of going through with this? There'd be no going back. Her eyes fell on the mighty, meaty member thrusting up from his hips. Her resolve hardened, and she stepped forward. A slender hand reached out, coming to rest on his powerful chest. How had she failed to notice the rippling muscle under his fur, the toned abs, the granite pecs, the bulging biceps. She shook him, gently at first, as she called for him. "Andrew. Wake up. Andrew. Andrew!"Her voice grew louder with each call, her shaking growing more forceful.

Drew's deep brown eyes flickered, eyelids reluctant to open against the brightness suddenly assaulting his retina. He groaned, raising one beefy limb to shield his eyes from the light, squinting blearily. Slowly, his gaze turned to the hand on his chest, then followed the arm up to Jessica's face, her hair pulled into a bun. He blinked. "Muh?" He inquired, his deep voice heavy with the last vestiges of sleep. A pulse drew his eye, and his gaze turned to the throbbing shaft just beyond his teacher. He blinked again, and she could almost see the gears in his mind begin to grind, overcoming the resistance of sleep. His eyes suddenly widened, staring at his own cock, then at Jessica, mouth hanging open. "M-Miss Springs! I-I-I-" He stammered as he panicked, groping blindly for sheet with which to cover himself. One hand found purchase and pulled, only to wind up in a tug-of-war with his own ankle, where the tangled sheet was already looped. He struggled in vain for a moment, before giving up on the sheet and trying to cover his monstrous erection with his hands, the strong mitts woefully insufficient.

Jessica leaned on her hand, pressing firmly against his rock-hard chest, enough to make sure he noticed and stayed down. "Stop!" She commanded, firmly. As he hesitated, she continue. "Calm down. Just calm down. Relax." She soothed, gesturing for him to calm himself. She shook her head. "Look, here's the deal. Yes, I've seen your cock now, and no, I'm not offended or embarrassed. You're a man, just like any other. Erections happen. Just calm down and we can talk."

Drew hesitated, looking confused, but at her insistence, he let himself relax, still trying to cover himself as she lay back onto the bed. "...Alright, Miss Springs. ...What did you want to talk about?" He inquired, somewhat awkwardly.

Jessica shook her head. "Just call me Jessica for the moment. You're naked, the least I can do to even the field is let you use my name." She offered, then paused, trying to form the words she needed. "Okay, let's just get straight to the point. Your mother's given you the sex talk, right?" She inquired. When he nodded, she continued. "Good. Have you ever... put it to use?" She pressed. A twisted thrill and a pang of guilt ran up her spine when he shook his head.
