 [pre-story]Hey there, Squish here, finally! This chapter's been in the works for AGES, it feels like. It was planned out more than a year ago, and I started actually working on it like three months ago. Unfortunately, the project got heavily delayed due to some real-life interference (if you really want to know the details you can message me). I actually had a whole lot of fun writing this one! When I actually got the chance to write it flowed beautifully, no stops, no stalls, no agonizing over decisions... Anyways, I really hope you enjoy, I certainly did!

Disclaimer: All characters are 18 or older

Content Warnings: Unrealistic anatomy, huge cock, huge breasts, excessive cum, stomach bulge, furry

[/pre-story]

Chapter 2: The Confession

Jessica narrowed her eyes as she leaned forward, hands planted on the table, staring intensely down at the scroll before her, carefully inspecting each and every line of ink. Andrew hovered nearby, the hulking minotaur standing back and to the side, his hands folded behind his back as he chewed his lower lip anxiously. The tension in the air was thick enough to cut with a knife, the usually-quiet workshop dead silent. Even ever-diligent Alexandra found her attention drawn away from the crystal she was infusing to await the verdict with baited breath.

Finally, the silence broke when Jessica let out a sigh, straightening up once again and turning on on her heel to face Andrew, brow furrowed. "Your air runes are still too rigid. You have to let the brush flow, you can't write every element like you do earth..." She chided, then paused, her shoulders relaxing a fraction. "But... you're getting much better. I know it's hard to work against your affinity, and you've made a lot of progress." She added, reassuringly, before turning back to the scroll and giving it one final look. "This will work, though it won't last as long..." She muttered, suddenly grabbing the scroll and giving it back to Andrew. "Go set up the scribes, and then you're dismissed for the evening." She ordered.

Andrew's face split into a grin as he visibly relaxed, wordlessly taking the scroll and spinning on a hoof, heading over to the scribing tables lined up against the wall. Jessica watched from afar as he laid carefully laid out the scroll on the first one, then blank scrolls on all the others. The corner of her mouth curled into a satisfied smirk. He really was making good progress, particularly since they'd come to their little 'arrangement', which she was also pleased to note, didn't seem to diminish her authority in his eyes. Her gaze lingered on him, slowly drifting down until she realized she was ogling his tight butt through his trousers and abruptly spun back around, tearing her gaze away. Her eyes fell upon Alex, the ashen-skinned dark elf's own gaze swiftly pulling away from Andrew as well, only to meet her teacher's. Her eyes widened in a moment of panic, and she swiftly spun around in her seat, suddenly completely focused on her infusion. Jessica smirked once more, striding across the workshop to stand just behind her elven pupil. 

"See something more interesting than your assignment? Jessica asked, a teasing lilt to her voice, leaning over the girl's shoulder.

Alex stiffened, then slumped a bit in her seat as she realized she was well and truly caught. "I'm sorry, Miss Springs, I got distracted..." She tried to explain.

Jessica straightened up, shaking her head and holding up a hand to cut her off. "You're not in trouble, Alexandra. You're free to work at your own pace, as long as your assignment gets done." She explained, pausing for a moment, a look of concern flickering across her face. "...But if there's something distracting you, it would be wise to address it." 

"I'm all finished with the quills, Miss Springs!" Andrew called from across the workshop, drawing a glance from both girls as he headed for the door. Behind him, the scribing tables were already busy, six floating brushes moving in unison, tracing the lines of his completed scroll onto blank sheets. "I'm heading out!" He added, giving a small wave as he ducked his horns through the doorframe, disappearing out the door with surprising speed, considering his bulk. 

Alex stared at the empty doorframe for a moment, her hand slowly sinking back down after waving goodbye. She glanced up at Jessica, then sighed, looking down again. "...Can I ask you something?"

Jessica arched an eyebrow, curious. "Of course."

Alex looked up again, meeting her teacher's eyes. "What did you do to Drew?"

Jessica stiffened, hopefully unnoticably. "...I... I'm not sure what you mean." She replied, hesitantly.

Alex shook her head. "I mean, Drew was having so much trouble... Then I asked you to help, and suddenly, he's back to normal! ...But he still won't tell me what was wrong, and every time I ask what you did to help he gets all nervous and clams up...Though he did let slip you were still helping with it, whatever it is." She elaborated.

Jessica tried to hide her relief. "Well, it is a rather... personal problem. If he doesn't feel comfortable telling you, I don't think I should either..." She replied, glad for the excuse not to discuss it.

Alex sighed, slumping a bit more in her chair. "I... I guess you're right. But, I mean... We've been friends forever, and he's never kept a secret from me before..." She explained, quietly. Suddenly, a wry smirk crossed her lips. "At least, not for long. You know, his eyebrow does this little twitchy thing when he lies, it's kinda cute how bad a liar he is. There was one time..." She said, starting to launch into a story, only to screech to a stop, shaking her head. "Sorry. I just... I don't know why he doesn't trust me enough to tell me what was wrong. I just wish I could help..."

Jessica paused, momentarily touched. "...You really do care about him, huh?" She asked, softly.

"I... I guess I do." Alex muttered, pausing for a moment before suddenly straightening up in her seat again, eyes going wide as she looked up to Jessica once more. "As a friend, though! Just a friend! I mean, it's only natural to care about a friend, especially an old friend, I worry about friends all the time, just because I'm worried about him doesn't mean I, like, LIKE him or anything, we're just friends, after all..." she explained hastily, her sentences dissolving into a long, rambling string of denial. 

Jessica merely arched an eyebrow at the dark elf's reaction.

Alex's ramble finally trailed off, leaving her looking up at her teacher in silence for a long moment, struck by a sudden clarity. "...You're not buying any of this, are you?" She finally asked.

Jessica shook her head slightly.

Alex dropped her face into her hands. "UUUUGHH who the fuck am I kidding?!" came the muffled groan from her palms. "I can't even do anything about it 'cause it'll just be SUPER WEIRD. Whenever people asked if we were dating I always acted disgusted like an IDIOT and now I can't stop and he probably thinks I think he's gross or ugly or something... Why'd he have to get SO DAMN BUFF?"" She bemoaned her fate into her hand, unable to show her face.

An amused smirk crossed Jessica's lips, slowly turning just a little wicked as an idea took root in her mind. She leaned forward, resting a hand on Alex's far shoulder. "Listen... If you really want to help Drew, wait a few minutes after dinner and then come to his room. I'll leave the door unlocked so you can just 'stumble' in. This might be your chance to get a little closer to him..." She half-whispered. 

Alex raised her face from her palms, looking up at Jessica, her expression confused, then swiftly resolving into a look of determination. She nodded, firmly.

Jessica smiled, straightening up again. "Good. Just finish up that crystal and then you can go get yourself ready." She ordered, before turning on her toes and heading for the door, leaving her student to finish her work, letting her wicked smirk widen into a evil grin once she was out of sight.

-----

"Now?" Drew asked, eyes wide. "Are you sure this is a good idea? I mean, Alex is still-" Drew muttered as Jessica kicked his door shut, a now-familiar look of carnal hunger in her eyes.

"Strip. Now." Jessica ordered with a soft purr in her voice, cutting off his objections as she pulled out her hairpins, her bun falling apart to let loose a waterfall of silky black tresses that cascaded down her shoulders and back. The look she fixed him with left no room for question, both commanding and sultry at once.

"-Yes, Miss Springs." Drew replied automatically, hastily fumbling with his belt buckle.

Jessica smirked, her hands rising to her chest, the buttons of her dress shirt coming undone one by one beneath her skillful hands. Each button undone revealed more and more of her naturally flawless tan skin, from her collarbones, to the gentle slopes of her full, shapely breasts, to her flat, smooth stomach. She tugged the bottom edge out from the waistband of her tight skirt, letting the top hang open loosely off her generous mounds, only barely covering her hard, cocoa-brown nipples. She strode forward, kicking off her shoes, the mercilessly tight skirt hugging her wide hips and round bubble butt, each step making the hem ride up a little further over the lacy trim of her white gartered stockings, baring a sliver of smooth tan flesh that grew wider with each step.

Drew's pants were already pooled around his hooves, his shirt open to reveal the soft, gray fur of his rugged, muscular torso, when Jessica reached him. One slender hand came up, settling on his rippling abs, fingers lingering on the granite muscle for a moment before she began to push. Of course, the tall, slender elf wasn't strong enough to move the towering, muscular minotaur, but he seemed to get the message, shuffling backward until his legs struck the edge of the bed and he folded his knees to sit down. He finished removing his shirt, hastily tossing it aside, baring his powerful, muscular limbs, powerful biceps and dark-furred forearms. With him momentarily at eye-level, Jessica leaned forward, pressing her lips to his in a hungry kiss, their tongues swirling together. His tongue easily dwarfed hers, the rough pink muscle thick and powerful, strong enough to easily dominate the kiss, but still, he was tentative, hesitant to really take control. Which was fine, she quite enjoyed setting the pace... but still, it left her somehow... disappointed.

Jessica raised one leg and planted her foot on the bed beside Andrew, her skirt riding up until it could take no more, folding up into little more than a wide belt, baring her creamy, caramel-toned inner thighs, the lacy white garter belt a sharp contrast to the risque black thong panties that clung to her already-damp slit. She pulled her head back, breaking the kiss with a playful smirk, her hand roaming up to his chest and starting to push again. Drew obeyed the wordless direction, laying back onto the bed, the already-impressive bulge in his undershorts twitching noticeably as it grew, the already-tight material growing even tighter. She climbed the rest of the way up onto the bed, until she was half-kneeling half-sitting on the mattress beside him, one hand gently trailing over his powerful pecs while the other went down to rub at the growing bulge in his undershorts.

With a flick of her wrist, Jessica dragged the stiffening shaft of bull-cock out of confinement, the meaty slab of cock-meat already bigger than most men ever got. Below it hung a pair of massive balls, each orb the size of a grapefruit and sloshing with thick cream. Her fingers coiled around the beefy bull-cock, even when it was almost entirely soft, her fingers still couldn't quite close around its fearsome girth. Drew shimmied his hips for a moment, pushing the underwear down and kicking them off as his teacher slowly started to stroke her delicate hand along his length. She purred, biting her lip as she watched it pulse and throb, growing bigger and harder with every beat of his heart. To think a cock this incredible had been right under her nose all this time... Well, she was certainly going to make up for lost time. Soon she was pumping both hands along its length, even together, they had plenty of room to spare, and more with each passing second as the monster hardened in her grip. Drew let out a soft groan of pleasure at the sensation. He had no idea what had gotten into Jessica tonight, but he wasn't about to complain about it.

Suddenly the door swung open, Alex boldly striding in, a clever smirk on her face. "I heard a noise, is everything alright?" The gray-skinned dark elf asked hastily to excuse her intrusion. "What's going... on..." She began confidently, pleased the plan was going so well, until she turned to face the bed, her words dying off as she realized what she was actually looking at. Her crimson eyes went wide at the scene before her, her onyx lips hanging open in shock as she came to a stop, stunned by the sight of her teacher, half-naked on her best friend's bed, her hands wrapped around said best friend's massive half-hard member.

Drew froze, his entire body stiffening in panic, with the exception of the slab of cockmeat in Jessica's grasp, which instantly withered at the sight of Alex. Alex, too, seemed frozen, unable to look away from the scene before her but also unable to process what she was seeing. Jessica, however, was cool and calm, smirking wordlessly as she released her grip on Drew's fearsome endowment and rose from the bed, striding over toward Alex's frozen form. She calmly wrapped one arm around the dark elf's slender shoulders, startling the girl out of her trance. The dark-skinned young woman turned to look at her teacher, still speechless, though her expression spoke clearly enough, a unique mix of bafflement, curiosity and betrayal that could only ask 'why would you do this to me?'. 

Jessica simply flashed Alex a smile before turning to Drew. "Andrew, I told Alexandra to barge in here tonight, because I'd hate for there to be secrets between my students. Alexandra pleaded with me to tell her what I'd been doing to help you with your... distraction problem, because she wanted to help in any way she could." She explained. 

Drew seemed to relax slightly, the shock wearing off, though he still looked quite uncomfortable. Alex only stared at her teacher, eyes wide with fear, lips silently mouthing 'no, no, no'.. 

Jessica ignored Alex, continuing on. "You see, she cares quite strongly about you, as more than a friend, though she seems to have trouble admitting it. The poor girl is so terrified that you might think she hates you that she can't bring herself to tell you." She explained, subtly guiding the stunned young woman forward, closer to the object of her affections. 

Drew blinked, the words slowly sinking in. His eyes shifted over to Alex, his expression curious. If alex's skin showed blush, she would have been practically glowing, her eyes averted, unable to meet his gaze out of shame.

Jessica paused once the pair reached the edge of the bed, grinning once more. "Rather than let you two lovebirds dance around the issue for who knows how long, I thought I'd settle it once and for all." She continued to explain. "And now that all that's out in the open, we can get down to the matter at hand..." She added with a soft purr, suddenly nudging the back of the dark elf's knees with her own, the two of them abruptly dropping down to kneel at the edge of the bed, Drew's monstrous minotaur member just inches away from the elven girl's faces. Alex's crimson eyes went wide as she was suddenly confronted with her best friend's fat, flaccid cock, her jaw hanging open. Even soft, Drew was bigger than anything she'd seen in porn... Well, almost anything, there was that one actor from Mino Madness and Bull Beefcake...

Suddenly, she realized what she was thinking and her neck twisted sharply, ripping her gaze away from Drew's cock. "Wh-what!? What- Why- I'm not-" She stammered, blabbering incomplete fragments of objection, straining not to look at her friend.

Jessica leaned in close, until her lips were almost grazing the point of Alex's ear, her full, smooth breast squishing slightly against Alex's shoulder. "You wanted to help, right? This is how. Poor Drew is a healthy young bull, with all the lusts and passions of a healthy young bull... You see, he was always so distracted because he was always desperately~, painfully~, unbearably~ horny." Jessica explained, accentuating each syllable, her breath hot in Alex's ear. "Can you blame him? A young, virile minotaur, with two beautiful girls in the house, always nearby, yet always out of reach... He couldn't even relieve himself properly, because you would come running if you heard him moan... He had to wait until you fell asleep." Jessica continued with a wicked purr, the hand on Alex's shoulder rising to grip her chin between two fingers and turn her to face Andrew's endowment. "Can you imagine? Poor Drew, all alone in the middle of the night, desperately stroking this big, fat bull-cock for just a little relief, until he finally came, soaking a bath towel with a massive load of thick, hot, creamy bull-spunk..." Jessica elaborated, her other hand reaching out to gently grip the thick slab of man-meat in front of them and give it a slow, teasing stroke.

Alex's resistance seemed to slowly melt beneath the heat of her teacher's whispered words. She didn't even fight when Jessica turned her head to face Drew, or when she began to stroke him slowly before her eyes. Drew could see the way her expression seemed to soften, clenched jaw and furrowed brow giving way to slightly-parted, panting lips and a glassy-eyed, fascinated stare. He could feel Jessica's touch slowly resuscitating his deflated member, the thick shaft starting to pulse and grow once again before the elves' eyes.

Jessica pressed herself against Alex, trapping the dark elf's arm between the caramel mounds of her chest. "Don't you want to make it up to him? Help him out in his time of need?" She purred into her student's ear, her hand leaving the girl's chin and moving to tenderly cup her breast through her top. The younger elf's full breasts were already a match for her own in size. "I know you want him. And I know he wants you, too. I've seen the way you look at each other when you think you're being sneaky... Just go for it." She urged, fingers softly squeezing the mound, drawing a quiet gasp from her dark lips. 

Alex seemed almost hypnotized by the swiftly-growing shaft before her eyes, gasping softly as her teacher's skilled fingers sank into the pliable flesh of her breast. Slowly, her hand rose, reaching out tentatively for the thick pillar of bull-meat before her. Her dark fingers coiled around the thick, meaty shaft, her hand joining Jessica's, the two slowly stroking up and down the fearsome, swiftly-swelling length. Drew groaned beneath their combined touches, the sound startling Alex out of her trance, her eyes clearing for a moment as she looked up, concern obvious in her expression, her eyes meeting his. There was a moment of silence as the two locked eyes, their faces unreadable, but their bodies honest, Drew's member throbbing harder and harder as Alex's jet-black nipples hardened beneath her shirt.

Jessica's fingers closed on Alex's nipple, pinching the obsidian bead through her shirt, drawing a sharp gasp from her pupil. "Touching is good, but if you want to really want to help, you'll have to get a little more... intimate." She purred into Alex's ear, gripping Drew's almost-fully-hard shaft just behind the head and levering the thing down, aiming the flared, flat head directly at Alex's face. She leaned forward, her body slowly pushing Alex closer and closer to that flared, swollen crown, the dark elf's eyes going wide as she realized what was coming. She swallowed, nervously, her lips slowly parting wider and wider as that imposing, animalistic weapon drew closer and closer... Only for Jessica to suddenly yank the weapon aside and lunge forward, wrapping her plush, pink-painted lips around that crown with a soft hum of satisfaction. She saw her student's expression of disappointment and gave a wicked smirk, at least, as much of one as she could with her lips stretched around the apple-sized knob of Drew's shaft.
