 Charmian rested her head against Madi's shoulder as they walked through Orgrimmar in the fading golden light of late evening. Nuzzling her way under Madi's arm, she was rewarded with a gentle squeeze from her troll lover. Wrapping her arms around Madi's waist and sighing happily against her black shirt, she breathed in the scent of perfume mixing with light sweat. She knew that as a couple they garnered attention, especially in a fairly conservative city like Orgrimmar, but she didn't care. 

Gently taking Madi's shirt in her hands, she pulled it tight against her flat stomach and gazed curiously down at the slender curve of her hips and the artistic dive of her blue skin into the top of her skirt. It was more than just idle fascination, but a source of endless delight and fantasy. 

"What's got you so transfixed?" Madi asked to the top of Charmian's head.

"I was just imagining things," Charmi said, lifting the bottom hem of Madi's shirt to expose a little more of her smooth blue stomach. "Project things."

They received a few peculiar looks as they passed the bank and flight master's tower, but none of the orcs lounging in the cool evening air bothered to comment. Charmi knew she wasn't attractive by orc standards, but for some reason trolls and tauren found her alluring. Most importantly, the woman she'd desired since the moment they'd met, found her appealing. She was far too petite, slender, and soft skinned for orc men to pursue her, but these also seemed to be the things Madi liked most about her, and so they ceased to be a source of insecurity. She felt beautiful on Madi's arm.

"I have a present for you," Madi said, giving Charmi another light squeeze. "It's in pretty shadow cat leather." They were already walking in the direction of the guild hall where Madi kept a room, but with the promise of a present, the walk seemed interminably long.

Charmi loved clothes of all kinds, and enjoyed Madi's taste in them. She thought over all the possibilities for what sort of gift would be made of shadow cat hide. Such silky soft and smooth leather could make any number of beautiful garments. Her mind flooded with the possibility of dancing for Madi in the new article of clothing, showing off her supple curves and the shadow cat clothes. A trickle of sweat down Madi's stomach caught Charmi's eye, disappearing into the top of her skirt. Her thoughts changed direction, wishing to follow the trickle of sweat. It was a cool evening though, and Madi was normally very composed; she was sweating from nervous energy. 

"Can I have a kiss?" Charmi asked quietly.

"We're nearly home," Madi said.

"Humor me."

Twisting in Madi's embrace, Charmi stood on her tip toes, taking a moment to gaze longingly into the soft amber eyes of her lover. Soft and sweet against each other, their lips parted briefly, tongues dancing flirty against each other, Madi's tusks caressing against Charmi's cheeks. Sliding her hands around Madi's slender waist and drawing their bodies together, Charmi felt something firm and unfamiliar against her stomach from between Madi's legs. Smiling brightly, she finally let go of the kiss, offering Madi a contented sigh as though satiated by the kiss alone.

"Thank you," Charmi said breathlessly.

Flushed with desire from the kiss, their pace quickened. Charmi could feel the heat of a furious blush touching her cheeks. The shadow cat hide wasn't a gift of clothing, but what the 'project' had been made of. Not only was it finished, but Madi had been wearing it under her skirt the entire night. The realization sent chills up and down her spine as well as making her stomach flutter with anticipation. 

Charmi used fish oil as a spell component, and Madi had sent her several gifts of it over the last few months. A few weeks ago, when Charmi was opening a package of fish oil from Madi pulled from the bank mailbox, a brutish orc woman had elbowed her gently in the side after reading over her shoulder. Yah dating a troll huh? She'd said. Charmi admitted she was, without letting on Madi's gender. Yah know what they use that stuff fer don'tcha? Charmi hadn't known. The large orc woman proceeded to explain, in very graphic detail, about the use of fish oil as a lubricant to ease open places not normally penetrated for the purpose of bottling their lover's sweat. Giggling uncomfortably, Charmi thanked the woman for her information and ran back to her room, clutching the parcel to her chest as if holding a dirty secret. 

Later that evening, she and Madi had shared a laugh at the orc woman's explanation for the fish oil. It was hardly something two women could do with one another no matter how much oil they horded. The thought worked through Charmi's mind like a wild fire though, and each time a package arrived from Madi, filled with vials of fish oil, she found herself wanting desperately for her lover to use them on her. To her surprise, she hadn't been the only one fantasizing about such a possibility. When Charmi broached the topic tentatively over dinner, she found Madi not only interested but eager. 

The 'project' was to be the means by which two women could use fish oil to bottle sweat.

Slamming the door behind them, Charmi pushed Madi's back against the closed door to her room, kissing her passionately. Heat and desire would have filled space between them had there been any. Charmi tried desperately to arouse her partner's lust, pressing her ample breast against Madi's perky chest. Charmi hadn't been blessed with the muscles and heavy frame of other orc women, but she had been granted the very womanly curve of a full ass and large round breasts with a slender waist in between. Using every drop of her feminine wiles, Charmi caressed her soft body against Madi's lean muscular frame. 

Madi's skin was on fire, hot to the slightest touch, a feverish 'in heat' state troll women found themselves in around their mates. Catching on the wave of her body's natural hormonal reaction to Charmi, she pawed eagerly at her lover's body. Her agile three fingered hands caressing down Charmi's back, gripping her supple behind, pulling her close, searching through clothes to find lotus scented tan skin. Before either woman knew exactly what had happened, Charmi found herself nearly naked, shorts tossed aside, sandals kicked off, blouse pulled open to let her large breasts tumble free. 

Lust blind and gasping with desire, Charmi managed to tear herself away from the electric feeling of Madis mouth on her breasts. Drawing up the troll's skirt with shaking hands, she found the 'project' just where she'd expected it to be. Between Madi's sculpted blue legs, strapped down to one of the glistening stems, around nine inches long, smooth, soft, and the most beautiful onyx color, was the 'project'. Charmi could only breathlessly mouth the word "wow" in response. Her eager fingers freed the strap from Madi's leg, allowing the enormous black phallus to spring to its natural position of straight out from Madi's body. 

Leaning in close, Charmi drew Madi's mouth to hers, kissing her hotly. With her lover's kiss as a backdrop, Charmi's fingers explored every inch of the enormous black member between Madi's legs. To her surprise, each caress of the toy seemed to send a tremble through the troll's body. Reaching her hand into the side of the harness just between Madi's legs, Charmi found the explanation in a small raised tuft of tickling fur connected to the base of the shaft, and rubbing firmly against Madi's engorged blue clit.

"Mmmmm such a clever girl," Charmi said dreamily against Madi's lips.

Returning to the kiss, Charmi teasingly stroked at Madi's toy, pressing the tickling fur against her clit with each pass. Her lover's breathing quickened, her nimble blue hands finding Charmi's breasts again, their eagerness to respond in kind sending shocks of pleasure through the orc's body. Madi was an inferno against Charmi, her skin sweltering to the point of making Charmi sweat as well. 

When Madi broke the kiss the second time, Charmi expected a response to her teasing comment, but instead found herself the recipient of pure troll lust. Caught up in a whirlwind of Madi's lips on her skin, fingers caressing every part of her, and the large black strap on, Charmi found herself turned with her back to her lover, bent over the waist high kitchen table, gasping for air, her chestnut ponytail falling partially over her face, her breasts pressed against the cool wooden table.

The smell of cloves filled the room. Charmi knew the scent well. She tinted the fish oil she used with cloves to remove the fishy smell. A cool trickle ran over her backside, over the mocha skin of her ass cheeks, followed immediately by Madi's hot talented hands, spreading the oil over the luscious mound of Charmi's rear. The sensation was incredible, slippery, warm, and sensual. More oil followed between her cheeks, and soon she felt Madi's finger exploring her as yet untested rosebud. With a low moan, Charmi let the finger slide inside her tight behind. Digging her fingers into the tabletop, she bit her lower lip, the combination of pleasure and pain washing over her as the finger became familiar and wanted inside her. With a longing reluctance, Charmi let go of Madi's finger when it was withdrawn. 

Reaching back tentative hands, Charmi gripped one firm ass cheek in each palm and parted herself for Madi. She'd promised to be eager and spread for Madi when the time came. At the time of the promise, she'd been nervous about being so completely exposed and vulnerable to anyone, but when the time came she found herself wanting more than anything to be completely taken by Madi. Though only a few seconds, the waiting was an agony of wondering if Madi had changed her mind.

Then Madi took her.

Plunging inside her, spreading Charmi wide, and possessing her. Without even being able to form words, Charmi groaned against the initial push into her. Madi's reassuring caressed across her body, the curve of her hips, the smooth skin of her back, and the oiled swell of her ass. Each thrust mixed extreme pleasure and pain. Unlike the soft coos of pleasure she normally experienced with Madi, Charmi found herself grunting almost animalistically as she received each thrust, taking the strap on deep inside her willingly. Between her own groans of pleasure, she could hear Madi's equally urgent panting turn to moans of desire. Spurred on in knowing each thrust was caressing Madi's clit, Charmi thrust herself back against the huge black toy inside her. 

Twinges of agony and ecstasy mixed to curl Charmi's toes and fingers. More than just the simple act of submission, and the giving of herself to her lover, she felt the physical pleasure of being filled for the first time combine with the pain of being stretched by someone else. She'd felt close with Madi before, and she knew they shared an undeniable connection, but her lover's pleasure so completely tied to her own pain, she wanted more than anything to be the one and only source of Madi's climax. Being taken by her lover ceased to be simply about mutual pleasure; for the first time, Charmi felt like she belonged to Madi.

Propping her hands up on the table, Charmi lifted her chest off the wooden surface. Madi's hands found their way to Charmi's sweat soaked breasts, caressing and stroking them with each slow grinding thrust. Madi's breath was hot against Charmi's back. A loud groan of pleasure followed each frantic thrust, finally punctuating with a series of long tremors through Madi's hips, translating through the strap on, directly into Charmi's behind. 

Leaning back into Madi's embrace, Charmi could feel her lover's trembling after waves, both through the titillating contact of their skin and the large black toy still inside her. Held firmly against the strap on, her rear already sore from the rigorous sex, Charmi took a few moments to enjoy the sensation of being so connected before squirming away, letting the toy slide slowly from her violated ass.

Turning in Madi's embrace, she leaned up to kiss her still panting lover. Guiding Madi's hands to her ass and standing on her tip toes to flick her tongue over the soft blue skin of Madi's neck to taste her lover's sweat, Charmi whispered lustily, "this is yours now."