 Please let me know what you think!!! I'm a new writer with no editor yet :( please do excuse the grammar or spelling mistakes. Also criticism is more than welcome lol. Thanks :)  

Prologue....

In the mystical times of Lord Edward (2090's), a rebel was born, life as we knew it would change forever Yen and Yang seemed unaffected since they were balanced equally. Yet enemies became friends, hatred turned to love, bearers of grudges learnt to forgive and bygones were in the past.... But for the shift to take place one person alone had to fight for what they believed in, which is freedom, forgiveness and perhaps love.

Chapter one 

Ever wonder why life is so challenging? Or is it us as humans who just make stupid mistakes. But you know without mistakes in our lives how can one ever learn from it and discover the wonders that follow once the dark times are gone. 

Alexia Drakin walked through the darkness like a shadow that could not be detected, yet she knew in her heart that it was not so simple. He was always with her whether she liked it or not. She could never get away far enough, especially that night....

"Noooo! Let me go! You cannot do this!" he held her down in that vile bed since he captured her. 

"You're MINE my sweet" he purred in her ear and slowly kissed her neck letting his teeth scrape her neck. "No one can take you away from me now." his grip around her wrists was so hard she thought he was going to break them. 

"I've waited... longed for you by my side... yet you defy me every time!" he trailed one of his hands down to her luscious swell of her breast, her breath came out in gasps as she continued to struggle to get free. 

But as Lucius place all his weight on her she stilled as she felt something hard on her stomach, she looked up in to his eyes, those gorgeous green like emeralds eyes that bore deep down into her very soul. She shivered, but underneath that she thought she saw a glimpse of something else, but it was gone before she could figure what it was.

"Please... I..... Lucius..." he groaned in pleasure hearing his name from the little minx...  Caressing her love bud and kissing her neck he murmured "Why do you fight the inevitable Alexia? Hmmm?"  

Fueled by anger and frustration she said the first thing on her mind

"Because I hate you!" A sob escaped from here lips.

"You took everything from me, my father... she hiccupped" no she couldn't let him know that she knew all these years...

"Hmmm... do you really Alex? Do YOUUUU?!" he screamed at her.

His hands slowly drifted down the swell of her luscious breast, teasing her nipples.

"Your mind says one thing yet your body betrays you my dear Alexia. You were mine from the beginning, only mine!" He purred.

She struggled profusely with the bonds, she had nothing left but revenge. She would avenge what was taken from her, simply time was not in her favor at all, she had to escape, and soon!  "I will never be yours Lucius I hate you! Nothing you can say will ever change that..." 

She looked him dead in the eyes and said "Do it, take the last precious thing out of me, but I want you to know I'll always hate you for what you did and I'll never forgive you!"

Lucius glared down at her. She was HIS! Could she not understand that he lo.... nooo... what am I saying, her vile father, that traitor, he deserved what he got and from my sword... 

"You'll never leave me..." with that said Lucius turned her head and glared into her eyes as he marked the swell of her breast... 

"Aaahh... nooo!" she cried out....

***** *****

"Beep Beep", the alarm went off exactly at 6.00am

Alex glared at the red digits... its been a year since that fateful night that she escaped Lucius clutches but not untouched... she bore his letters on the swell of her breast near her heart. 

She stared into the mirror caressing the "L.D" initials, "Lucius" she sighed... 

"If only things were different... God why do I still have these dam nightmares, ugh" she had to start moving, it was a bright new day and Lady Annabelle would be waiting for her arrival.

As the driver pulled up Alex got in and watch the snow come down, like soft feathery drops, it took her back to the day she escaped Lucius clutches. If it was not for pure luck she would not have been alive today...

"Charles please, take me home this is a waste of my time" Lady Annabelle said.

Charles the driver, a dear friend all these years, she loved him but in society ways they could not be together for she was a lady. Even after the death of her poor Edwards, bless his soul she remained faithful. But her heart always belonged to her Charles, her first and only true love.

"As you wish my Lady" he smiled adoringly at her.

While they were heading back home the snow started coming down fast, the winds picked up drastically and the road was slippery. 

Just as Charles took the corner he slowed the car down for there laid a person it seemed in the road. 

"Belle... uhm Lady Annabelle, stay in the car and look the doors I'll be right back" Charles said.

"Charles wait, what's the matter?" Lady Annabelle said, but then she saw the poor soul in the snow barely clothed and what looked like bruises on her legs and wrist...

"Wait I'll help you Charles" she said.

As they got out of the car Charles knelt down and discovered the person was indeed a mere girl. He felt for a pulse, "she has a pulse my Lady but very weak we need to get her inside quickly, open the door" 

Lady Annabelle stared down at the poor girl in her lap trying desperately to warm her up. She was horrified to see deep rope marks on her wrists and ankles. There seemed to be no blood near her maidenhood but she did she an initials burned deeply on the swell of her breast.

"My poor child, who did this to you?" she said as she stroke her hair lovingly.

Alexia eyes open and started shivering as she stared into soft green eyes, "No no leave me be, I hate you Lu...cius" Alex murmured before she lost consciousness.