 As I lay there sleeping I began to dream, at least I thought I was dreaming, it was strange. I was so relaxed that I fell asleep but yet my senses were so alert that it was as if I was conscious of everything around me. The sun shone down on my naked body warming and drying my skin, and I could hear the birds singing and the light breeze as it whispered through the trees. 

I could have sworn it was whispering my name, "Gabriella, Gabriella". I could tell I was smiling, I don't know how, but I just felt it, probably the result of my orgasms a few minutes earlier.

I let my mind drift back to the creek and the feeling of my fantasy lover's hands caressing my body. I have always been a sensual person, I loved the feel of silk and satin against my skin even as a child. I was always feeling fabrics, the soft ones, cottons, fur and suede made me feel relaxed and cozy. The rougher ones, like burlap, or denim or leather, they would make me feel wild and smooth ones like silk or satin would make me feel sexy. I was so enthralled with my memory that I could almost believe it was real.

Smooth warm hands sliding over my belly and up to my breasts where they would lightly squeeze them and rub enticingly over my nipples. Then slid downward, just skirting the place where I wanted them most to caress my thighs. I opened my legs in a gesture meant to invite the phantom hands to touch the once more damp place between them. It seemed like it took forever but they finally made there way there. 

I sighed as the soft hand cupped my mound and lightly pressed against it. It was like my phantom lover was teasing me. I pushed against his hand hoping he would take the hint and become a bit more aggressive. Tender is beautiful but I was feeling hornier than ever and wanted release, not romance. 

My phantom must have gotten the hint because he began rubbing between my legs, his fingers slipping between my pussy lips and the palm of his hand rubbing my clit. I moaned and my hips automatically rose wanting more, wanting it harder, wanting that beautiful release once more. In my mind I was begging him to slip his fingers inside of me, to finger fuck me, but the words weren't coming out of my mouth. 

Then it was as if he was reading my mind because I felt two fingers dip inside me and begin stroking me. It felt so good that I wanted to yell out but I couldn't, all I could do was lay there thrusting my pussy upward hoping he would get the point and just fuck me. I wanted it so bad. 

Then I realized that his fingers were very long and seemed to be getting thicker too. Had he removed his fingers and replaced them with his dick? It felt so big and thick and hard, moving in and out of me using long slow strokes. I wanted to see this huge dick that was fucking me. I struggled to open my eyes, when they finally opened there was no one there but I could still feel the long hard dick inside of me. I rose up on my elbow and looked down at my spread legs. There was no one there but I could feel it. I didn't understand, but my senses were so turned on that I moved my hips forward and back and a moan escaped my throat. I moved some more, feeling it inside of me but seeing nothing. 

Then I heard a voice say, "lay down Gabriella, and enjoy me".

I stopped moving, suddenly frightened. It spoke to me again and said, "Do not be afraid Gabriella, I want only to please you." 

The voice was soft and comforting, I was no longer frightened, I felt safe. I was in my secret place, nothing would ever hurt me here, I just knew it. I also knew that I was now awake and that this enchanted place was making love to me, giving me pleasure.

I spoke, "Why can't I see you, I want to see you, to give you the same pleasure you are giving me."

I felt myself being pushed down onto my back again. The fingers or dick or whatever was inside of me started stroking again. It felt so wonderful, and I could talk now to let it know how I felt. 

I began moaning with each stroke, and murmuring, "Oh yes, yes, that feels so good." 

My words had the desired effect and my phantom began thrusting harder and faster. My moans became louder and my words more in tune with what I was feeling, "Oh yes, fuck me harder, yes harder, mmmm." 

I felt myself starting to cum, I couldn't help myself, "oh god I'm cuming, I'm gonna cum!" 

Suddenly the explosion in my pussy spiraled up, encompassing my entire body as I screamed out in ecstasy. Or was it horror? As my body convulsed with pleasure, my phantom lover started to become visible to me. I was expecting a big strong man like in my fantasies and dreams, but what I'd seen was not a man, indeed, it did not even appear to be human. What I seen seated between my legs looked like a creature from some kind of science fiction movie. 

Its head looked like those pictures of aliens, long with deep dark eyes and a little mouth, its body was shaped like a blob, big and jiggly. It shimmered like silver and in place of arms and legs there were tentacles. There were six of them with what appeared to be fingers on the end. In the middle of the blob was a single appendage that was long and thick and at present sticking inside my body. I gasped as I realized that the jelly like appendage is what had given me such immense pleasure. 

I started to back up, trying to get away, but the tentacles reached out and stilled me. I wanted to scream but one of them covered my mouth. It began to speak to me in that soothing, comforting voice. 

"Gabriella, please do not be afraid of me. I mean you no harm. I am only here to please you. I know I do not look like the men of your fantasies, this is why I didn't want you to awaken. You have such a strong will and your will was able to defeat mine because I was so enthralled with your body and the pleasure it was experiencing. You will not be afraid of me."

As it said the last, it looked me directly in the eyes. It was as if it commanded my brain and I no longer felt the fear and revulsion. I relaxed and watched in amazement as the appendage that has been fucking me slithered out of me and shrunk to a mere six inches long and then widened on the end to form what looked like a hand. The creature must have noticed my astonishment and began explaining to me.

"Yes Gabriella, that is my penis, it can grow as much as ten feet in length. Actually, all my appendages act as penis'. I am able to reach places and people who normally would not be able to enjoy what you call a fuck. It will grow as much as needed in present circumstances. As you can see, I have no legs. I move about telepathically. If you so desired, I could enter you in your pussy, in your mouth and in your ass and move accordingly to give you pleasure without ever moving from this spot, even if you were ten feet away."

I was amazed with what he was telling me, and strangely turned on at the same time. I said to him, "If all those appendages are like penis's, then you must have some incredible orgasms."

It looked at me funny, "What do you mean Gabriella? What is an orgasm?"

I looked at it, how could it not know and yet give me such an incredible one? I explained, "An orgasm is the end result of good fucking. It's when you feel incredible pleasure. It's what makes me yell out and cum."

"Ah, so that is what you meant by 'I'm cuming'?" he said. "I wasn't sure you seemed so happy when you said it that I put aside my lack of understanding."

I smiled and ask, "You must have cum before, what do you call it when you cum?"

He looked at me funny, so I went on. "By cum, I mean when you feel the intense pleasure and semen squirts out of your penis...penises."

He frowned, "My penis, none of them, has ever squirted anything. I only give pleasure. That is my job. Do your men squirt from the penis when happy?"

I laughed, "Yes they do. Do you mean to tell me that you have never felt pleasure while giving it to me or anyone else?"

"I have felt pleasure. It feels very good as I do what you call fuck. It feels very good to fuck women. But they always yell out and wake up so I have to leave." He said.

He frowned, "I am not supposed to be seen by the earth women, I am only to please them as they sleep. But you are in my land now and your will is strong."

I remembered the hole in the brush. "Your land? Where am I? How did you find me? Do you have a name?"

He told me "My name is Mokeeta. I was just out for a float and I seen you pleasuring yourself in the water. You were so beautiful, you body enchanted me and my people get energy from your pleasure. I'm afraid I have been feeling weak lately, so when I seen you sleep in the grass, I took advantage of you to regain my strength. I am very sorry Gabriella."

An idea formed. "Hmm, I will call you Mo. It's okay, I didn't mind. In fact I enjoyed it. I have an idea. Since I can see you, and for some inexplicable reason I am feeling horny again. Why don't we give each other pleasure? Let me show you how it feels to cum...to squirt from your penis, or penises."

He smiled, at least I think he did, and said, "How will you do that?"

I reached out and took the now six inch penis in my hand, "Relax, I'll show you..."

To be continued...