 (Author's note: this is a snippet from a full sized novel that has been accepted for publication. Consider it a teaser; if you want to read more then pick up a copy of "Unpredicted Prophecy" when it comes out...)

The last trail was a fairly good sized chamber, with no obvious chasms to fall into, tight spaces to bar their way, or icy pools to freeze them solid. No poisonous gases, no signs of imminent geological activity, no unsteady ground. Just a large room with a few solid lumps here and there. Maitreyah advanced to inspect the lumps more closely. "They look like bag chairs," he whispered to Shakilah. "Made out of fur and skins. Not very well made, but..." he shrugged, and shone the light on another lump. 

Maitreyah swallowed bile with effort as the light shone upon the corpse of a humanoid creature. It may have been human. Or maybe not. The species of the victim was undeterminable after having been flayed of its skin and drained of all its blood. He shone the light on other lumps, which proved to be other corpses of a multitude of species. All of them both flayed and desiccated.

Then... something moved.

Maitreyah shone the light on the movement. A fur lined bag couch, from which a figure arose with silent hostility evident in its every nuance of posture. "Vampire," Shakilah breathed, and Maitreyah had no difficulty associating the creature with the name.

The vampire before them was no undead corpse. Compared to this creature, a walking pile of animated necrotic tissue would have seemed as cute and cuddly as a stuffed teddy bear. While Shakilah's ancestors had obviously been wolves in the distant past, somehow altered into humanoid forms, this creature's lineage could be traced back to a mosquito. It was thin, and tall, and spindly, and angular. It's jointed and articulated exoskeleton seemed to glow in the light of Zaphan and its four arms and two legs were poised for attack. The face, well, I'll never have to worry about nightmare fodders ever again, bore two compound eyes and a long nose curled into a spiral. The proboscis for feeding, Maitreyah duly noted. This is thing is a vampire, all right. Bloodsucking parasitic predator of sentients.

The vampire spread its arms like a prophet exhorting the faithful, and a glimmer appeared behind its back. Wings? Maitreyah wondered. Can it fly in here? Little puffs then appeared from the armpits, little clouds of pink dust. No, that's not what they're for, Maitreyah realized, as the wings blew the spores directly at them. Shakilah stiffened as a pink tendril reached her nostrils. So did part of Maitreyah.

Pheromones, he realized with no small amount of disgust. This thing sexually arouses its prey, until they're eager for its touch. With energy born of utter fear and horror, he blew the air back at the vampire, along with its odious chemicals. The vampire rebounded off the far wall, and then charged in to attack. Silently, oh so silently, for it had no mouth to scream or even speak with, only that awful proboscis. And its hands with their two fingers and opposable thumb, all three digits tipped with barbed and serrated claws.

The vampire lashed out at Maitreyah, and he backed away in utter terror, swinging wildly with Zaphan. The creature easily slipped the clumsy swings, and the sharp claws threatened to tear into him. Then Shakilah, snarling with fury and fear, charged into the fray, several hundred pounds of teeth and fur and social predatory instinct tackling into the monster from behind.

But the vampire may very well have been as long lived as its mythical namesake, for it countered with the science of trained fighting responses. As the creature fell, it twisted, and Shakilah went flying considerably farther than the monster, which coiled into a tight ball as it hit the ground, rolling to its feet with nary a pause. Shakilah landed with somewhat greater impact, and groaned, the breath knocked out of her.

As the vampire towered over her, the proboscis began to straighten, the intent clear. Shakilah looked up with eyes clouded by pain, as the vampire prepared to feed. Then the creature stiffened, its body radiating pain, as Zaphan chopped cleanly through one of its hands. Green ichors flew from the wound, and the creature fled in silent agony, trailing rose colored streamers in its wake.

Maitreyah watched the vampire as it fled from sight, then glanced at the ichors dripping from the axe. He shivered, and took a deep breath to still his shaken nerves. Oops. His body began to move without conscious volition - he didn't even feel himself making choices. He merely acted without thinking, as the attractive female beneath him, the girl who had inhaled voluminous amounts of pheromones in her efforts to regain her wind from the fall, reached for him with unvocalized invitation.

Kissing a girl with a muzzle was... well, it wasn't. Not exactly a possibility. But the sweeps of her long, rough tongue as it played over his face added to the experience in much the same manner as a traditional kiss. Maitreyah's hands in turn squeezed her furry chest, savoring the feel. Rather like a woman wearing fur lingerie, the soft feel of her coat.

Shakilah moaned as she experienced what was, to her, equally exotic. His smooth, dainty human tongue circled each nipple in turn, tormenting the stiff peaks before moving on to the next. She sighed deeply, and lay back, spreading her thighs as her cultural programming dictated. Bitch in heat, ready for breeding. Maitreyah's lust maddened gaze moved down to the dripping wet pussy, and lowered with a slow, unstoppable movement of torso and limb.

Maitreyah would later realize that, whatever else he may have been, he had not been a virgin when he left the cryochamber. Stored within his body of unremembered knowledge was a signifigantly sized body of erotic techniques that implied both long experience and actual study of the art of love. While the implications of that would disturb him for many a quiet moment thereafter, he never once regretted the possession of such knowledge when he needed it most. When Shakilah needed it most.

Shakilah stared up at the black ceiling, her vision of all fading as Zaphan's glow faded. There it was, the hardened clit, ready to be lashed at with a few rough swipes to prepare for... oh! This was differant, too. Instead of cursory tongue lashings, Maitreyah - HER Maitreyah, her mate and stud, lovingly licked the nub with an obvious need to pleasure her. Then he further demonstrated his abilities by introducing her to a portion of her anatomy she had never even known she had, a rough patch just inside her cunt, and... her snarls of lust bespoke her enjoyment of his lessons. Her claws began to rake the cavern floor, searching for something to hold on to.

Maitreyah's tongue left the little g-spot, returning to her clit and... oh! Shakilah jerked, her body spasming around his mouth, as the lips encircled her clit and began to suckle on it. Then a finger began to probe her pussy... locating the g-spot... stimulation combined and enhanced and sent explosions racing through her spine to her brain. Her screams of joy echoed through the black tunnels, sending those few life forms that heard them fleeing.

But now it was too much, too much sensation by far, and Shakilah began to push Maitreyah's head away. He stubbornly refused, holding her fast with a strength he'd not displayed previously. Instead he forced her to submit to a few more licks, a few more pulses of indescribably sensation, and she whimpered, accepting his dominance over her body, submitting to the lips and tongue and will of her stud. When he finally released her, she spread her thighs even farther, desperate for breeding, for penetration and coupling.

His loincloth came off with difficulty in his fingers, rendered clumsy by longing. She felt him there and gasped. He was huge for a human, average for a werewolf, but to a virgin all cocks are enormous and terrifying. And in the tradition of her culture, though Maitreyah had not known this, all werewolves were virgins until their first mating at the hands of a male worthy of breeding them. She gave an explosive grunt as he pushed his way in, and blissfully awaited the pain of defloweration as rock hard shaft met fragile membrane.

Maitreyah slammed his cock home in one single movement, uncaring of any momentary impedement to his penetration. He began to churn in and out, a fierce, tearing, ripping intromission, and Shakilah moaned in delight, as he finally gave her the roughness more in keeping with her own expectations. Pink froth spoke eloquently of his cruel violation, equally so of her happiness to be so violated. Her face began to split, jaws parting in a soundless howl, and her second orgasm proved even stronger than the first.

Maitreyah's face buried itself in the thick fur of her neck, and he began to feel a wetness brushing against his cheeks. Tears brushed from his eyes onto the fur, then back onto his face. Tears of pleasure, of ecstacy, of...? Her own eyes leaked with pain and pleasure and a hunger for more of both. She wrapped her legs around him to hold him in place, to breed her like a proper stud, to fuck his bitch the way she needed to be fucked. Her hips began to move with him, her internal muscles to work in clumsy, untrained yet eager pulses, determined to milk him dry.

Maitreyah's lust could not hold out for long. The feel of tight pussy pulsing around his throbbing shaft was then enhanced by claws reaching for his taut buttocks. Ass cheeks felt sharp points pushing into soft tissue, and with that last bit of sensation he exploded. Surging jets poured into her, ropes of hot cum bathing her insides, and Shakilah's joy at the feeling of her mate seeding her sent her into a final climax. She cried from pleasure and pain and happiness at finding her mate, this strange and beautiful human with his foreign notions and magical abilities.

When it was over, Maitreyah lay on Shakilah's massive chest, his head nuzzling her surprisingly comfortable bosom. Soft breasts over hard muscle, underneath delightfully warm fur. Shakilah moaned with contentment, desire sated, love fulfilled, as her heavy hands caressed his back softly, lovingly. But the cloud of pheromones began to recede from his brain.

I shouldn't be lying here, Maitreyah thought to himself. We were fighting the vampire. And then... comprehension dawned at last upon fuzzy brain cells, and he started to get up. Then fell back down, as Shakilah held him fast, her eyes shimmering as she gazed upon him lovingly.

"Now we are one," she crooned joyously, her heart pounding with ecstatic fulfillment beneath his chest. Maitreyah felt a wave of euphoric happiness at her words, don't be happy about this. This is not good, so don't feel happy about it. He disengaged himself from her, and stood up. I've just seriously screwed up our relationship. He was no longer a mentor or "big brother" figure anymore. She thinks we're mates.

Did he want to be her mate?

Let's not think about that.

Good idea. It was hard to feel even a twinge of regret about what had passed between them. He loved it. He wanted to do it again. And again, and again, and again... but it would be wrong. Wouldn't it? He was supposed to be doing this with someone else. 

Who?

Silence.

Oh, no. Another thing he wasn't being permitted to know about. A really important thing. What you know that you don't know can seriously ruin your peace of mind.

After a long while, he managed to mumble, "If we follow the vampire then we'll probably find the way out." Shakilah nodded, and pointed towards the source of light in the room. Maitreyah belatedly realized that illumination no longer came from the discarded focus, but from the far end of the room. Daylight. He led the way, and Shakilah followed, blissfully content. Naively content.

As Shakilah bubbled happily with the innocent joy of young love and her cultural equivalent of the honeymoon, Maitreyah writhed internally from guilt, uncertain what the future would bring. His database left him with facts but no guidance, while the Eldred seemed determined to fit him with blinders. And so it was that a half blinded man led a completely sightless werewolf out of the tunnel to a wide plain, which stretched before them like the future that only one of them could tell was coming, ready to shower them with gifts of unhappiness.