 The harsh glow of fluorescent lights reflected off the wet anti-slip flooring of the main laboratory floor. The room was unnecessarily large and open, the kind of workplace you would expect to see on a bad television science fiction series. In that way, the lab probably functioned as intended, as very little science actually happened here. In fact, this company probably had not produced an original idea since unveiling its new "state-of-the-art research facility". 

The janitor sighed as he dragged the mop over the floor, careful to put as little effort into the menial task as possible. He paid special attention to missing the area around the entirely gratuitous "wet floor" sign. He almost wished that he actually could slip on this floor, just so he would have an excuse to go home. It was rare times like these, in the lonely dark of the night, that he really pitied actual janitors.

David had once been a lead engineer for a prestigious robotics development company. He was well-liked by his staff and appreciated by his superiors, at least until they discovered that his entire educational history had been fabricated. He always feared this day would come and was prepared to find himself unemployed before he even responded to the message from HR. However, the powers that be had other designs. 

One thing led to another and here he was, mopping floors at a rival firm's R&D lab and stealing data. On a certain level, it made sense: janitors have all the keys and are generally assumed to not to be experienced engineers. Who would ever suspect that their prize creations were being reverse-engineered by a man who never actually graduated high school?

Unfortunately, the entire plan was predicated on the assumption that the tech conglomerate had anything worth stealing. Four months into his new "job", David had yet to find anything of value other than a wealth of nude pictures and flirtatious emails. At least he had a future in blackmail if this corporate espionage thing didn't work out. He tried not to think about that possibility too much. If he did not find anything soon, he may find himself mopping floors for a living for real.

He had already cleared all of the main research areas and corporate offices. Only private labs had so far escaped his attention, left for later due to their higher security. It had taken him a couple extra weeks to ensure that his late-night trespasses would go unnoticed. Their internal security was adequate, but found wanting once under the scrutiny of a man devious-enough to lie and cheat his way to the top.

He stalked past the rows of doors, trying to decide on his first target. The plain steel doors gave little away, but David paid little attention to outside appearances. He spent the day before pouring over the access logs for the personal labs in the hopes of narrowing down his search a bit. Most of the labs were used for napping on the job, trifling projects, and patent fraud. As such, they generally showed a great deal of activity. A few appeared to be used for actual research, records indicating long, late hours of use with few breaks. 

In the end, it was only one lab that really caught his eye: one entry per day, never during the work day, and never for fewer than three hours. Either its occupant was really dedicated to unpaid overtime or he was working on something he wanted to keep secret. David was silently hoping for the latter as he unlocked the door with a forged key card and pushed his way in.

It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, the room lit only by the dim glow of suspended monitors and blinking lights. It took a moment of fumbling and a near-collision with a file cabinet, but he did eventually manage to locate and toggle the light switch, turning it to its lowest setting.

The lab was cramped, piled high with old computer equipment and cardboard boxes. It would probably take days to sort through it all. Fortunately, that would probably not be necessary. David crawled over the heaps to make his way to the back of the lab and the largest visible collection of working equipment. With any luck, he would be able to find something good-enough to excuse him from digging through dusty boxes and about a dozen fucking Dell Dimension 4600s. It was said that if you sat quietly in a lab at night, you could hear the Dells breeding. 

"You're not Dr. Fields."

Dave stopped cold, jerking his head towards the source of the noise, only to find his sight obscured by a few hundred floppy disks. He scrambled to find a response, falling back on years of experience as a professional bullshitter.

"No, I just came in to help him clean a little. You know how messy he is."

"She."

Fuck.

"Really? I always thought she looked like a man."

"A man with G cups?"

He sighed in exasperation.

"Can't win 'em all, I guess."

"Who are you really?"

In his failing struggle to extricate himself from both his interrogator and the tangle of VGA cables he found himself stuck in, he did not notice that the voice was moving, at least until it came from directly behind him.

"And why are you lying?"

David reeled, falling into a pile of cords as his body threw itself away from the suddenly close voice. Where he had just been standing was now a thing the likes of which he had never before seen. She - if that was the word to use - stood nearly six feet tall, a fully synthetic tribute to the female form. Carbon grey "skin" shined dully in the dim light of the room, accentuating her inhuman curves. Her breasts and hips were the envy of any flesh-and-blood woman. 

Had she been wearing clothes, she could easily have been mistaken for a woman of incomparable beauty. Naked as she was, the metallic glint of her doll-like joints and exterior actuators would alert even the most casual observer. Her unnatural appeal was completed by a flawless, sculpted face set with glowing blue eyes. Most shocking of all was the extra set of arms that protruded at unnatural angles from her back, below her relatively natural pair. David acted quickly.

"If you promise not to tell anyone, I can leave right now. I don't want any trouble."

She stared down at him, smiling maliciously. 

"I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."

Never before in his life did David ever feel such deep hatred for his parents and his name.

"Wait, how did you know my name?

The gynoid sank to her hands and knees, crawling over his prone body and forcing him to the floor. A finger slowly crawled up his stomach, pressing softly against his body as it traveled. He swallowed in silent terror as her hand came in clear focus. It looked almost like a doll's, yet was so much more. It moved with fluid grace, a touch of human elegance that stood at odds with its obviously unnatural form. He fought back a grunt as the finger pressed against his nipple, slowing almost imperceptibly before moving further up his chest. His eyes followed the mechanical finger until it finally stopped, pressed up against a sewn-on patch with the name "Dave" stitched on in cursive.

"Well, don't I feel stupid."

Dave barely finished his sentence before the same finger pressed gently against his lips, silencing him. To his surprise, her finger was warm, maybe even a little more so than a human's. It pressed softly against him, teasing his lips apart gently and pushing slowly into his mouth. Without thinking, he met the intruding finger with his tongue, flicking lightly against its tip. The gynoid screeched with surprise, removing her finger with inhuman speed and bringing it up to her chest.

"Sorry, my fingers are very...sensitive. Dr. Fields insisted that I be able to feel pleasure when I touched her."

Dave could hear the final nail embedding itself in his coffin, the hammer the stiffening mass in his work pants. 

"I've never touched a man before, though."

A pair of strong mechanical hands pushed his shoulders to the floor while another set unbuttoned his shirt with practiced ease. Inch-by-inch, she exposed his chest, allowing her fingers to subtly molest his chest and stomach as she disrobed him. She kept going as her hands reached his pants, unfastening and pulling them down to mid-thigh. His erection sprang free immediately, tenting his underwear as soon as it was released from its denim cage.

She shifted more of her considerable mass to her top hands as she leaned in to kiss him. Her lips were warm like her hands and much softer than he had expected. She had no taste and no saliva but made up for her limitations with her passion. Her hands ran across his chest, playing gently with his hair while she traced the lines of his muscle. His own hands had found her ass and began to rub and massage her lifelike assets. She groaned at his touch, opening her mouth enough that he could not turn down the invitation. He reached out with his tongue to explore the inside of her mouth and found exactly nothing. She spoke clearly without ever breaking the kiss.

"Sorry dear, but my mouth is entirely vestigial. It is only there to put humans at ease."

It struck Dave as odd that a woman would design a female sex robot without a tongue, but thought no more of it as her lower hands began to trace the lines of his abs on their way to his waist. Her hands warmed as they went lower, growing to a barely comfortable heat as they reached his waist and slowly slid down the band of his underwear.

His hands abandoned her sculpted ass to feel the rest of her curves, dragging slowly down her thin waist and all the way to her breasts. They were firm like a young girl's, yet vastly larger than anything that shapely should be. They spilled out from around his hands as he squeezed and rubbed, suddenly noticing her lack of nipples. He pulled his lips from hers to devote them to the greater task, kissing and nibbling at the false skin covering her breasts and neck.

While he played with her inhuman breasts, David finally felt the cool air on his alarmingly stiff member. Her hands felt along his hips to his thighs, squeezing hard-enough to leave prints as she explored his body. Her strength was enough for him to fear for his masculinity, though his worries proved unfounded when she cupped his balls and began to massage them with a feather-light touch. He finally began to relax into her slow caress when she suddenly stiffened and gasped, squeezing his shoulders to the point of pain. After a few seconds' pause, she resumed her massage as though nothing had happened. He looked at her quizzically, too curious to let the issue go.

"I told you before that my hands are erogenous zones. I am told that when I become aroused, their sensitivity is close to that of a woman's vagina."

A tiny fraction of Dave's mind wanted to scold Dr. Fields, whoever she was, for what had to be one of the most inefficient design choices he had ever seen. The rest of him begrudgingly admitted that he wished that it was his idea. It was one of the sexiest things he had ever heard. It also gave him an idea. Without missing a beat, his hands abandoned their post on her bust and began to massage down her arms. 

Before he even left her shoulders, she had already recovered and taken his shaft in hand. Her hands were soft and slick against him and incredibly warm. She grasped him fully with both hands, adjusting her grip and even the size of her hands as she adjusted to the unfamiliar organ. After a moment of contemplation, her hands began to move. Her skin slid effortlessly over his as though lubricated, a testament to their unconventional design. She pumped him slowly and with little variation, a simple up/down affair that would fail to impress even the most virginal teenager.

As she continued, however, she began to change things up. At first, it was only an added twist at the top here and there, but as time went on, she became more and more creative. Her hands opposed each other, one pumping down while the other came up to meet it. Her wrists twisted in a way no human's could, completing a half rotation through every stroke. The thumb of her top hand separated from her fist to rub his crown, tracing a half-orbit around his head in precum. It followed his contours perfectly, applying pressure where it was needed the most. He knew that she was reading him and judging his responses, calibrating her motions to create the perfect hand job. God bless technology.

She was so dedicated that he almost felt bad for what he was about to do to her. His hands had worked their way down to her wrists while her attention was further south, her artificial intelligence apparently not designed to anticipate subterfuge during sex. With only a moment's hesitation, he grabbed her hands.

She gasped as he took her hands in his, rubbing her knuckles gently as he squeezed around her. The look of confusion on her face faded as the pleasure hit her. She faltered as he rubbed her more vigorously, massaging her hands for all he was worth. He watched as she went slack, overwhelmed by the fourfold pleasure. She collapsed onto him, her bust absorbing the majority of the impact, though doing little to alleviate the weight on his chest. He pressed the attack, pulling her hands off of his shoulders to give himself greater access to her unconventional erogenous zones.

Her body shook against his as she moaned, indistinguishable in the throes of passion from a flesh-and-blood woman. He wrung her hands like a lover's, interlacing his fingers with hers and rubbing all the way to the webbing. Her amorous reaction to what would have been a chaste action between humans was at once confusing and incredibly arousing. All the while, her slow pumping of his cock never faltered, her technique improving constantly as she learned and memorized every detail of his manhood. 

She was clearly on the edge of ecstasy, a gentle push away from falling, screaming into the most incredible orgasm of her life. Unfortunately for her, David was always more the shoving type. Her brought her hand to his mouth and kissed her knuckle. She writhed atop him, grinding her voluptuous body against him as her pleasure peaked, higher than she had ever felt before. With a flick of his tongue, she came.

Her pleasured moans turned to a strained whine as she succumbed to the pleasure, grinding her hips against his in a frantic effort to deepen her already overwhelming orgasm. For a good half-minute, he held her at her peak with his hands and mouth, enjoying every second of her impassioned delight. He was reluctant to stop when she was finally spent, releasing her hands only after her aftershocks ceased and she lay still. She pulled her hands from his and returned them to his chest, speaking with quickened breath as she slowly pushed her body back to an upright position.

"Dr. Fields never did anything like that for me. I think it's only fair that I do something no other girl can for you."

Before he could ask, she busied herself with a small panel on her abdomen, opening it with one of her hands not busy with his erection. She reached inside herself and fiddled with some unseen components, staring blankly into space as she tried to maintain concentration on two activities at once. A moment later, she let out an excited chirp as she found what she was looking for. A thin stream of clear fluid began to leak down her arm, pouring from an unknown source in her abdomen. She re-positioned herself to drip directly onto his still-engulfed shaft.

"It's a multipurpose light lubricant, coolant, and conductive medium. I guess you can consider it to be like my blood."

"Isn't that dangerous?"

"I assure you that my 'blood' has already been approved as non-toxin and non-carcinogenic by the state of California."

"No, for you. Don't you need it?"

"You need your blood yet you still donate it. I have plenty and can always get more."

That seemed reasonable enough.

"Now hold on. I'm going to begin to heat and electrify the medium"

That did not.

Dave struggled under her weight as a pleasant, yet unsettling tingling began to spread across his length. Her hands spread the liquid as she stroked him, slowly expanding the new sensation to cover his entire member. The tingling grew stronger with every stroke even as the liquid spread past his root to cover his scrotum and perineum, bringing the new sensation with it. It honestly felt wonderful, a gentle teasing to supplement her skilled hands. He finally allowed himself to relax when he noticed a new smell that would eventually grow to inspire both his fear and arousal. Ozone.

"This is probably going to be very intense, so hold on."

With a crack, the first jolt shot through him. Every nerve below his waist light up, a searing wave of sensation accompanying the sudden flexion of every muscle it reached. It felt as though he had orgasmed for only the briefest second, his groin tightening to cum without ever completing the action. He barely had time to process the sensation when it happened again, slightly stronger this time. He jumped again, body twitching to release its load only to return to ground state a moment later. 

"No burns detected, nor aberrant fibrillation. I guess it is safe."

David's anger passed quickly as another jolt tore through him, teasing him with the promise of orgasm, only to allow the sensation to fade. Her stroking sped up, her hands gliding effortlessly with the aid of the lubricant. A third hand joined to rub and flick his head while the fourth reached underneath to fondle his sac. 

For a time, she simply stroked him, abandoning her efforts to shock him. With her new-found skill, it did not take long for him to feel his desire reach its peak, groin tightening in anticipation. Right as he braced himself, gripping onto the pile of cables that served as his cushion, her hands stopped. As his mouth opened in protest, the shocks resumed.

A lone wave of incredible pleasure washed over him, more intense than those that came before. His hips pressed against her restraining hands as his body fought for what it wanted, but he could no more move against her grip than he could force himself to cum. While his desire was still at its peak, the second pulse struck, then a third, faster this time. He scrambled for traction as the pulses continued, their frequency increasing until the sensations began to blur. 

No matter how quick the shocks, they would not allow him release. He gasped and sputtered in pleasure, hit by the sensation of a hundred compact orgasms that gave more and more pleasure but no satisfaction. Incredibly, the pulses came faster still, a sound like static filling his ears as the bursts became impossible to distinguish. 

Her hands began to move once again, stroking with deliberate slowness but enough tightness to reach his pleasure-addled brain even through the shocks. Her fourth hand began to press into his perineum, spreading the shocks into his prostate and redoubling the pleasure and urgency. His hips flailed wildly, ears buzzing as senses overlapped and were overwhelmed. 

"Had enough? Alright, synchronizing frequencies and...cum."

The tightness in his groin peaked, the disparate stimuli finally aligning. The pleasure brought by her skilled hands slammed into the artificial stimulation to create a hurricane of sensation. In an instant, he came. He thrust hard against her hands and she welcomed him, milking his jumping cock as his release came, spraying his seed into her rolling hand with enough force to create splatter. He cried out in satisfaction as he spilled onto her, his cum already leaking down her hands as she squeezed every drop out of him. 

When his orgasm finally petered out, the shocks abated, leaving nothing but a dull numbness and an incredible sense of fulfillment. He finally got to inspect his work, marveling at the sheer quantity of white that stained her graphite-black hands. When she released him, even more spilled out, pooling in a viscous puddle at his base and running down the contours of his hips. David eventually managed to tear his eyes from his mess, he noticed the gynoid staring dumbly at her semen-coated hands.
