 Episode One, The Tests

First Test...

Prototype 001's visual augmentations snapped on, allowing him to see the area he had been brought to the day prior. 

He was an android. He knew that much of his existence.

He was created through the planning and manufacturing of three women; Amara, the advertising manager of a prominent android manufacturing corporation who initiated the idea and therefore managed to stay as a part of the secret project, Lydia, the current CEO of the corporation who greenlit the project, and Mia, the lead engineer who was pulled from the new line of androids to work on this project. 

001, though he had been programmed to go by the label Zero by his creator, scanned the small room to see three women speaking with one another as they stared back at him. Suddenly his audio augments kicked on, allowing him to hear the three women.

"I don't want you to get your hopes up just yet," a tall woman with long straight dark hair and a dark complexion stated. That was Mia. Zero knew her from the first moment that he had been brought into consciousness. She had created him and due to that, she was the first human that he had ever seen or heard speak. She was kind but professional and he found his free opinion-creating functions quite enjoyed her company. "Everything works physically from the small stimuli tests that I've run but he hasn't had his full free will function switched on yet, so I'm not sure what might happen."

"He looks amazing," a small woman with pale skin and short blonde hair chimed in. She leaned in close enough for Zero to receive her scent through his smell sensors placed within his nostrils. She was wearing a sweet smelling perfume that created a strange surge through the core of his body. "And you say that everything works?"

"Yes, Amara," Mia answered with a soft chuckle. 

So the small blonde woman was Amara? She was the one responsible for the creation in the first place. Zero appreciated her for obvious reasons.

"So, when can we get the test started," the third woman asked. Zero shifted his eyes to take her visuals in. She appeared to be slightly older than the other two women but just as beautiful. Her eyes were sharper as if taking everything in and analyzing similar to what an android would do, but she was no android. Her long light brown hair was tied back in a long braid and her ample bosom showed a generous amount of cleavage as she placed her hands on her lap and bent down to look at his penis. "I want to see this thing in action." She must be the CEO, Lydia.

"I've finished preparations with the female android. It was actually quite easy creating her sensual nerve settings for sex organs as opposed to Zero here. We have plenty of women on earth for testing but of course, creating a man was quite a challenge considering that none are still alive to test." 

Mia finished her statement with a laugh, but seeing no positive reaction from the two other women, she cleared her throat and nodded to a door that led to another side of a large window that separated the two rooms. The three women closed the door behind them and Zero felt an intrusion in his mind. 

Mia had plugged into her tablet once again and he could feel aspects of his thoughts shift about as the three women stared at him through the glass. 

Zero blinked a few times as his synthetic brain registered what Mia had just done. She had given him free will. He wasn't compelled to stand in place. He wasn't compelled to do anything. He looked around the room and found a small bed neatly made with black sheets pushed against the wall to his right.

He didn't know what was going on. He hadn't received any commands or prompts for this. Mia had just moved him to this room and turned him on. She had always prompted him before. What kind of test was this?

"We're sending another android in to meet with you," Mia's voice called from a speaker hanging from the side of the large window. "We want you to be very nice to her."

That wasn't as exact of a command as he was used to but at least it was something. He had to be nice to the android that entered the room. He could do that. He was programmed with a self-expanding AI that could learn and grow emotionally as close to a normal human as possible and therefore being polite wouldn't be an issue.

A few moments later a petite pale-skinned female android with shoulder-length light red hair stepped through a different door and smiled at him from across the room. She wore a tight-fitting black silk nighty short enough to show off her long legs. 

"I am an android created by Mia as well," she said in a high pitched voice. "I was created with sexual functions to perfectly sync up with your own sexual functions."

"What do I identify you as," Zero asked.

The female android's face twisted into an expression of confusion. She probably hadn't had the chance to question something as little as labels. She looked over her shoulder to the three women on the other side of the glass, who looked almost as confused.

"To be honest," Mia sent into the room through overhead speakers. "We've been so focused on the creation process that we haven't agreed on a name for you yet."

"I've labeled 001 as Zero," Mia explained to the two other women by her side. "Maybe for simplicity sake we should call her One?"

"Agreed," Amara stated cheerfully. 

"Ok, then," Mia announced. "There you have it. Zero and One."

"It's nice to meet you One," Zero stated with a smile. 

One stepped across the floor to stand in front of him and looked up into his eyes allowing him to study her light purple irises that flashed with an inner scanner as she smiled up at him. 

"One," Mia began. "Bring Zero to the bed, please."

One's hand grasped Zero's and guided him to the small bed. She stopped when there and turned to face him once more. 

"Now initiate seduction," Mia called from the speaker again. 

Zero felt One's hand slide down his stomach as she stood up on her toes and pressed her soft lips to his. The soft tips of her fingers slid down the length of his shaft, causing his penis to begin to swell into an erection.

"Is it supposed to be that big," he heard Amara asked breathlessly. 

"I engineered his penis to be larger than that of what the average male's penis was but not so large that it will cause serious injury," Mia's voice answered back. "Remember, you told me to make him impressive."

One looked back up from his erection with wide eyes. She gripped his shaft with her small hand and seemed surprised that her fingers couldn't touch. He gave her a kind smile in an attempt to not override her emotional patterns into a sense of shock and slid one of his hands down the side of her arm for comfort. 

"One," Mia called from the speaker. "Initiate foreplay."

"Do you not have your free will functions on," Zero asked as he stared down at the woman. 

"I do not need them for this test," was her response just before she sat down on the edge of the bed and pulled him closer to her.

She slid her tongue up from the base of his cock to the tip as she released her grip. He watched as the female android took the end of his shaft into her mouth and slid her head forward. The physical sensations were greater than he had felt in the programming tests. He had felt the firing neurons in his synthetic brain before but only from something Mia had initiated in the program on her tablet. This was the first sexually physical touch he had ever felt.

And it felt amazing!

Zero reached down and lightly placed his hands on the back of One's head to feel the rhythm of her motions. She worked her head back and forth at a faster pace and he could hear the slaps of her lips snap together every time she pulled her head completely back. 

"One," Mia called from the speaker. "Initiate missionary."

One pulled back from Zero's throbbing cock and lied on her back as she spread her legs to show off her hairless vagina to him. He glanced from his throbbing wet cock to the petite android in front of him on the bed, and then to the three women who were watching intently from the other side of the glass. 

Why were they on the other side of the glass in the first place? Did they think that he was dangerous? Was there a chance something could go wrong with him? What did they expect from him?

"Zero," Mia called from the speakers. "She wants you. You don't want to keep her waiting do you?"

Zero looked back down at the android to see her looking back up at him.

"Is something wrong," One asked in a whisper. "Mia programmed me to be sexually appealing."

"Nothing is wrong," Zero stated before dropping down over her and giving her another smile. "You are quite beautiful."

"I was created for you," she said with a smile of her own.

Zero pressed the tip of his dick against One's tight pussy and pushed until he felt the moisture of her synthetic cunt stretch around him, shifting the android's smile into an open mouth silent moan of what he hoped was out of pleasure.

He pushed further until his rod was in her entirely. He could feel the warmth of her artificial insides around him as her pussy squeezed him tightly. His slow motion turned into quicker thrusts and One's silent moans became more auditory as he continued. 

"Her pleasure meters are spiking," Mia announced in a gasp. 

"Did you program her to orgasm," Lydia asked.

"I programmed them both with that functionality. 00.. I mean, One's orgasm should almost be spot on identical with human females, and when Zero cums he releases a pheromone that will create a euphoric emotion in humans that will create a temporary feeling close to what we would describe as love." Mia explained.

The physical speed of Zero's thrusts increased and soon he observed the petite android begin to jerk about below him on the bed as she screamed loudly.

His balls tightened up as he continued to pound his cock into her at a rapid pace until he felt something release from his dick and blast into One's synthetic womb. He pulled out and looked down to see a thick white liquid dripping from One's pulsing vagina as she stared up at him with wide eyes.

"Very good job," Mia called from the speaker. "Ok, One. Now you can go back."

One picked herself up from the bed and began to walk away but Zero felt compelled to do what he had just done again. He tried to stop himself but the urge was too strong. He grabbed her from behind and pushed her head down back to the bed exposing her ass in the air and facing him.

Zero gripped his cock roughly and slammed it back into One's cunt, bringing a scream from the android that broke human frequencies and sounded something more robotic than organic. He slammed himself in and out of her with the same ferocity as before but with no build up this time.

"Zero, stop," Mia called out.

He didn't listen to his creator. He couldn't listen. He had to experience the sensation again and right away.

One screamed into the mattress as Zero worked her like a puppet on his cock.

"Shut him down," Lydia shouted. "He's going to damage her!"

Zero's free will system switched off and he found himself pulling out of One and standing up straight right where he was. 

One got up from the bed and stumbled across the room and out the side door she had come in. 

"Looks like I have some more work to do yet," was the last thing Zero heard from Mia before his senses were switched off.

Second Test...

Zero's sensory functions switched on and he scanned his surroundings to find that he was back in the same room from before. He felt different this time. Mia had been working hard on him. He scanned his database for changes but there were so many and all of them were so tightly intertwined within existing functions that it was overwhelming for him to attempt to pick them apart.

"I hope you fixed the issues," Lydia stated as she leaned in to look into Zero's eyes. "The last thing we need is an assload of lawsuits because our sex droids are raping women."

"It's fixed," Mia explained confidently. "I added new abilities to his scanning capabilities. It was a lot more work than you would think. He can now read both body language and facial expressions better than any human could ever be able to replicate. I placed a compelling function within his growing conscious firmware to let him know when he should slow down, speed up, change things up or even stop if the need arises. He should even be able to read a woman's sexual desires before she even knows that she has them."

"You can do that," Lydia asked incredulously as she turned her gaze from Zero to Mia.

"You don't pay me the big bucks for nothing," Mia chuckled with a proud smile stretched across her face. "Where's Amara?"

"There was some kind of marketing emergency," Lydia explained with a wave of her hand. "She said she would be a few minutes late. We can start without her and catch her up on the progress when she arrives."

Mia's smile faded slightly as she glanced over to Lydia and then back again toward Zero.

"What's the matter," Lydia asked, crossing her arms under her large breasts and turning her body to face Mia directly. "I thought you said he was improved and ready."

"He is," Mia croaked before clearing her throat and continuing. "There is one slight little issue though."

"And that is," Lydia asked, raising an eyebrow.

Zero reached inside his database once more and searched for the changes that Mia had described to Lydia. He found fragments of his new scanning functions and was able to find the links that connected them. Mia was an absolute genius to have found such a solution. 

"I don't think One will work for the test," Mia explained as she averted her eyes from her boss. "She doesn't have the sophisticated functions to match Zero's quite yet and due to that complication, Zero won't be able to scan her like he would a human."

"And how do we find a solution to this," Lydia asked in a huff. "You aren't suggesting we wait another month for you to program One to work for the test are you?"

"It would take quite a bit longer than a month," Mia explained. "For One to be able to function as a perfect fit for the test, she would have to roam in free will mode for years all while exploring her sexuality."

"Years," Lydia shouted. "We don't have years, Mia. This project has already tripled the budget that I snuck through the books. I'm already having to answer questions that I don't have proper answers to on a daily basis!"

"There is another solution," Mia said softly, obviously afraid of her boss's wrath. 

"Ok," Lydia said as she took in a deep calming breath. "What is it?"

"It could be dangerous," Mia added shyly.

"Mia," Lydia growled through clamped teeth. "Just spit it out."

"We could use a human for the test," Mia stated so low that Zero thought he had misheard her for a moment.

Both women went completely silent as Lydia's eyes slowly shifted from Mia back to Zero.

Was Mia truly suggesting that Zero have sex with a human for this test? What if he lost control again? The outcome could be much worse.

"Who," Lydia asked quietly. 

"We can bring an intern," Mia suggested.

"No," Lydia said firmly. "Only three of us know about this project and it is too fragile to risk some loose-lipped girl in here. It will have to be one of us."

"It can't be me," Mia explained quickly. Lydia turned to regard her. "I have to stay by the tablet in case something goes wrong."

"Are you suggesting that I be your genie pig," Lydia asked drily.

"I'm not suggesting anybody," Mia protested. "I'm just stating the obvious here, Lydia. I have to be ready to pull the plug if something goes wrong."

"It was Amara's idea," Lydia stated after a moment of silence. A smile slowly stretched across her lips. "And, after all, she is late."

Mia's smile didn't meet her eyes as she stared at Lydia. Zero could tell that his creator wasn't too comfortable with pushing such a role one someone without the person even being there to agree on it.

"Sorry," Amara called from the open door to the side of the room as she rushed in. 

She brushed some stray blonde hairs down behind her ears as she closed the door behind her and skipped up to the other women. She wore a short grey skirt and a matching grey button-up blouse that hung tightly to her slim figure.

"Did you fix the emergency," Lydia asked.

"I did," Amara explained with a huff. "I swear, Lydia. You should give me a bigger budget for hiring staff. The ones you placed in charge of the advertisements for our new line are messing things up really bad."

"I'm over budget as things are," Lydia explained. "And this project isn't helping my relations with our investors as it is. Investors don't like secrets."

"I know," Amara said with a wave of her hand. "I know. I'm just blowing off some steam. By the way, I'm surprised you didn't start without me."

"We couldn't," Lydia explained, looked Amara in the eyes. "We needed our test subject."

"One," Amara asked. "What's wrong? Where is she?"

"Not One," Lydia explained, a smile stretched over her face. 

"I don't understand," Amara explained. 

"Mia," Lydia stated softly. "Why don't you explain to Amara what we have been discussing."

Zero found himself scanning Amara's body language as Mia told her of their new situation. The woman's posture spoke volumes to him. She became more and more nervous as the three women discussed the necessary steps to finish the tests. Amara was obviously not too happy about being volunteered for the job and for a moment, Zero thought she would refuse completely but as the women carried on their conversation, he noticed a change in her. It wasn't exactly anticipation or even close. She still moved in a way that showed nervousness and resentment but acceptance was slowly taking over. 

After the long conversation, the three women agreed to the task at hand and Zero watched as Mia and Lydia stepped to the other side of the glass like before. 

Amara stood in front of Zero and looked up into his eyes. She gave him a nervous smile just before Mia's voice on the speaker caused her to jump a bit.

"Ok, Amara," Mia started before clearing her throat. "Call out at any time and I will stop the test. Let me know when you are ready for me to activate free will."

"Please don't hurt me," Amara whispered to Zero before taking a deep breath and turning to nod at Mia. "Do it."

Zero felt the chains holding his free will down break and bent his fingers slightly to test it. He stared into the small blonde woman's eyes as she swallowed and took a long blink.

"I don't think I have to tell you that I've never been with a man before," she began softly. 

"I understand," Zero nodded. "Male humans perished generations ago due to a virus, leaving only females alive."

"Right," she agreed. "And although we have sex toys I have never had one quite as large as you."

"I understand," Zero explained with another nod. "We don't have to do this if you don't want to. The last thing that I want to do is hurt you."

"That's surprisingly comforting," she chuckled softly. "But we do have to do this. If we don't then all the money and time was for nothing."

"Then we shall do it your way," Zero offered, reaching his hand out to gently take Amara's. "As slow as you desire."

"Come," she stated after a moment of contemplation. "Let's go to the bed."

Zero followed Amara to the bed and watched as she pulled her skirt up and down, sliding her panties down to the floor before kicking them away. The sight of her firm small ass sent his physical status into a sexual mode and he felt his dick swell into a full erection.

Amara's eyes opened wide as she looked down at his stiff cock. She reached out and tapped the tip with her finger before jerking her hand back from the sudden jump of his rod.
