 Episode Two, The Creator's Turn.

Flash.

Zero's visual sensors snapped on for a split second. The time with vision wasn't long to a human but it was long enough for him to take in a vast array of details. 

For one, he could see that he was in the small room where he had been for the majority of his existence, as tests and improvements were made to make him closer and closer to a human.

For another, this was the small room where he had seen anything for the first time. He had both seen and heard Mia for the first time while standing in this very spot.

For that brief flash, he had seen Mia again. She looked very different to him now as opposed to when he had first been created. He had been through many changes since that day. Those changes included his sexual drive installation within his firmware.

Mia was beautiful. For that small moment, he had taken her visuals in completely. She was wearing small pink shorts and a shirt so small that he could see her finely toned stomach as she had been reaching up to adjust something above her head. Her bellybutton ring had been glimmering from an overhead light and he had noticed small lines of sweat running down her stomach. 

She must be working hard on something.

Flash.

Another glimpse of the room in front of him showed him, Mia, staring down at her tablet as she chewed on her lower lip in full concentration. She looked as if she had been grumbling about something but Zero's audio functions hadn't been switched on for that moment so he could only speculate that it had something to do with his firmware.

Buzz.

Zeros audio functions fired off in his skull with static before stabilizing. He heard Mia displeased grumblings.

"I work for four years on creating the perfect man," she mumbled. "I slave over making him everything that I would ever want and who gets a first go with him?"

Flash.

His vision switched back on but this time it remained on. 

"Not me," Mia went on under her breath. "No. Couldn't be me. It has to be the one that hasn't done anything to help with the project. And here I am, on my day off, working again."

Zero felt his free will functions shift on and looked at Mia in surprise. Was she so upset at the moment that she hadn't even realized that she had activated him?

With one small step, Zero approached the bronze-skinned woman from behind and took in her scent. She smelled frustrated, angry, and jealous. Could she be jealous of Amara for having sex with him first?

He lightly brushed his hand down the side of her arm, causing her to leap away and spin, slamming her back against the wall as she stared at him with widened eyes.

"I'm sorry," he offered with a forced smile. "I didn't mean to frighten you."

"How did you activate," she asked in a breath, not moving from the wall.

"I don't know," he answered honestly, stepping back to give the frightened woman some distance. "My senses came on and then free will was activated. I thought it was something that you had done."

"Maybe I did," she said, visually calming down. "I could have triggered your senses when I was crossing your data streams. Sorry, I didn't mean to overreact that way."

"I understand," Zero explained with a shrug. "I surprised you is all."

"How much did you hear," Mia asked after a moment of thought. 

He could see a slight shift in her stance that clued him in on her nerves. She was worried about him hearing her complaints. But why? Was she afraid that he would tell Amara of her thoughts or was she afraid that he knew her desires for him?

"Not much," he began to lie but something felt heavy on his thoughts. Was it his conscience? "I heard you complain about Amara having me first."

"I didn't really mean it," she sighed. "I'm just upset that I had to come in on my day off. I was at the pool when the thought came to me."

"What thought," he asked.

Mia stared at him for a long moment in contemplation before moving from the wall and approaching him. She held up her tablet to show him the screen and began shifting her fingers across the surface to move objects around. 

"I built you with the most advanced hardware that exists. No android has half of your abilities. You look and feel more human than anything out there. Actually, other than the fact that you're a man in a world with no living man, you would pass as a human to any eye. The problem is that you are made out of entirely new hardware and therefore, I have to create everything within your expanding firmware myself. I came up with an idea to where I can give you advanced vision and hearing. So advanced that you could see and hear things that no human would ever be able to. I was floating on my back at the pool when the idea of how to make that happen came to me and I knew I had to come down here to begin work on it or I would forget half of what I thought of."

"Did you succeed," Zero asked.

"You tell me," she said with a smile.

Zero focused on the room and listened intently. Just when he was about to shake his head, he heard something rhythmic. A soft pumping sound. He focused in on where the sound was coming from and was surprised to discover that he was listening to Mia's heart. A smile spread over his face and he heard Mia's heart begin to beat a little faster.

"I can hear your heart," he explained.

"See," she said happily. "It did work!"

Mia was so excited that she ran up and wrapped her arms around Zero in a tight hug. He stretched his arms around her and returned the gesture as she giggled.

The touch and heat from Mia's bare stomach on Zero's limp cock caused it to begin to swell slightly. Mia stepped back and looked down before looking back up into his eyes with an open-mouthed expression.

"I'm sorry," he offered, feeling a bit embarrassed. "I didn't mean for that to happen. It's just your touch and you're so beautiful. It's difficult to not react."

"Thank you," she said with a shy smile. "And don't worry about it. You can't always control it. You're programmed to be more human than android in that manner. I'm flattered."

The room went silent long enough for Zero to hear Mia's heart begin to race as her posture altered to represent her hidden desires. She wanted him. She wanted him to go to her and initiate things. He gave her another smile as he stepped back to her and leaned in, placing his lips to hers.

Mia's eyes opened wide as their mouths touched and for a moment, Zero thought that she would pull away, but instead, she wrapped her arms around his once more and pushed her tongue into his mouth as she hopped up and wrapped her legs around his waist.  Zero's cock grew into a full erection as it pressed against the bottom of the woman's shorts. He could feel the heat of her vagina through the thin material as she moaned.

"I can't believe this is finally about to happen," she said quickly between kisses. "I've wanted you for so long and that only increased when I watched you and Amara."

"I can't tell you how excited I am to have sex with you," Zero answered honestly as he slid one hand under the elastic of the beautiful woman's shorts and further down between her asscheeks.

Mia grunted as Zero's middle finger pressed against her puckered asshole. 

"You want me there," she asked breathlessly as she leaned back from him to look him in the eyes. "You want to fuck me in the ass?"

Zero honed his senses and focused on Mia. Her heart was pounding in her chest and her breathing was rapid but it wasn't through fear. She wanted him to fuck her in the ass!

"I don't want to hurt you," he explained but she was already shaking her head.

"We'll go slow," she offered. "It will hurt either way but if we go slow then the pleasure will outweigh the pain."

"Are you sure about that," he asked.

"No," Mia said with a nervous chuckle. "It's just a theory, but there's only one way to find out."

With that, she stepped her bare feet back on the floor and dropped to her knees. She gripped Zero's cock with both hands and looked up at him while she ran her tongue from the base to the tip in a single motion.

"I want this so bad," she pleaded. "Will you give it to me?"

Zero dropped to his knees to face the woman and nodded before spinner her until she was facing away from him and pulled her shorts down to the bend in her legs. She began to pull her shorts the rest of the way off but he planted his face between her asscheeks and probed her asshole with his tongue, sending her flying forward, pressing her belly to the cold cement floor.

"Oh my god," Mia moaned as Zero worked his tongue up and down her ass, occasionally slipping down to her soaking wet cunt for a taste. "It feels even better than I expected!"

After a long moment of tasting her, Zero straddled her legs and laid his thick rod between the woman's firm asscheeks. She tightened her cheeks to clamp his member between them as he rubbed it up and down, moving the tip closer and closer to her tight hole with every motion until the end was slipping against it.

"Remember," Mia whispered back at him. "Slow and steady wins the race."

Zero pressed his enormous shaft against Mia's protesting ass and pushed slowly, applying more and more pressure until the head forced its way inside. 

"Holy hell," Mia screamed through clenched teeth and Zero stopped pushing to allow the woman's body time to adjust to the sudden intrusion.

He felt something touching his balls and glanced down to see that she was fingering her pussy as the head of his dick was pulsing in her ass. 

"More," she begged. "Give me more!"

Zero pushed a bit more and felt Mia's ass give more room as he stretched it open with his rod. She growled as he continued his slow descent.

"Are you okay," he asked once his cock was at the halfway point inside of her.

"It burns," she cried. "But it feels so damned good! Keep going!"

Zero pushed more and more until his entire cock was inside of the woman's backside. 

"I'm gonna cum," she screamed suddenly and her ass tightened around his cock, cutting off circulation, as her body exploded in motion. 

Mia's fingers worked furiously inside of her own cunt as juices splashed out onto the concrete. 

Zero began pulling his cock from her ass slowly but she reached back and placed a hand on his hip.

"Fuck me," she cried. "I'm not done."

He had pulled his cock about halfway back out of her ass before she had caught him so he began slowly pushing back inside of her.

"Faster," she shouted.

He picked up his pace until he was ramming his dick deep inside of her ass over and over again, causing sounds of his flesh slapping against her flesh to echo in the tiny room.

Mia stretched her arms out and pressed the palms of her hands against the floor so hard that her hands were turning white as he worked himself in and out of her asshole with more and more speed.

"I'm cumming again," she screamed as her body began convulsing as it had before. 

Zero felt her asshole tightening around his cock as she climaxed for a second time but he didn't stop his pounding this time. He could feel his own climax coming on strong and didn't want to slow the release. Luckily, Mia didn't seem to mind. Her screams were of pure pleasure as he worked her.

"I'm about to cum," he warned. 

"Cum in my ass," she growled, turning her head as the side of her face slid back and forth on the cold floor. "Give it to me!"

Mia didn't have to wait long, for Zero's cock swelled up soon after and he slammed it deep inside of her and held it in as it exploded inside. She screamed out once more as she felt the pressure of his hot juices splash inside of her ass.

He collapsed on top of her back as he felt her heart pounding around his cock as her asshole continued to protest the intrusion.

"Oh my god," Mia gasped over and over again as she caught her breath. "That was even better than I had expected."

"It was for me too," Zero admitted.

After a few moments of lying with each other in silence, Zero pulled his softening dick out of Mia's asshole, causing her to jump slightly at the feeling of the sudden emptiness where his thickness had been.

She reached down and pulled her shorts back up before rolling over and setting up on the side of her ass to look at him with a smile stretched across her face.

"I can feel your cum leaking out of me," she giggled. "I guess I'll need to take a shower and change before someone sees a dark spot on my new shorts."

"I'm sorry," Zero offered.

Mia crawled to him and placed her lips to his in a long and passionate kiss.

"There is absolutely nothing to be sorry about," she said as she gently rubbed her hand down the side of his face. "Nothing."

"Thank you," he said.

"Wow," she laughed. "Thank you!"