 "You are my masterpiece," Mia told Zero.

The two were sitting on the floor across from each other as they carried on a conversation that stretched from one random subject to another. A small pause in the discussions was quickly followed up by Mia's proclamation.

"How so," Zero asked.

Mia was quite beautiful. Her long, dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail, showing off her angular face and dark brown eyes that seemed to never lose their excitement. Her long and muscular legs shined from the single small light hanging above them as they sat in the small workroom where they had just had sex for the first time.

"Nothing like you has ever been created before," she explained happily. "You are one of a kind, Zero."

"There have been plenty of lines of androids created in the past," Zero protested with a wave of his hand. "Other than my sex function, what could be different?"

"You are alive," Mia explained with a matter of fact tone. "Every other android ever created is made to 'feel' alive but they don't have the ability to freely grow their abilities."

"Freely grow," Zero asked, confused.

"I designed you to be able to function solely on your own," she explained as she leaned toward him. "You have the capability to expand your own knowledge without updates from humans. Every other android on this planet has to be updated by the input of a human."

Zero stared at Mia for a long time while lost in his own thoughts. What could that mean for him? What could that mean for Mia? From the data imputed in Zero's mind, he knew that humans liked control. Anything out of their control scared them.

"I'm not sure the rest of mankind will share your enthusiasm about an android that can work independently from humans," he warned.

Mia frowned for a moment and chewed on her lower lip.

"That's why you're special," she explained. "If we get approval to go ahead with the line of sex-androids then I will have to design them with blocks in their minds. I can't give them the freedom that you have."

"I understand," Zero said with a nod. "That is probably a wise decision."

Zero, being an android himself, couldn't deny the dangers of mass production of free-thinking androids running around the world. How long would it take for there to be an uprising of androids waging war on mankind?

"That is also why you can never tell anyone about the gift I have given you," Mia warned. "Not even Amara or Lydia."

"Your secret is safe with me," Zero offered with a warm smile.

"I knew you would understand," Mia said as she leaned into Zero and pressed her lips to his. 

Their kiss was cut short by the sounds of high-heels clicking on the hard floor. The steps were getting louder as the woman was walking down the hallway to the closed door that led to the small workroom that Mia and Zero were setting in.

Mia had just enough time to stand up when the door swung open, revealing Lydia.

"Mia," Lydia asked as she stepped in. "I thought you were off today."

"I am," Mia explained with a huff. "I thought of another adjustment for Zero and didn't want to wait until tomorrow to make it."

"Did you make it," Lydia asked, focusing her green eyes on Zero.

"I did," Mia answered proudly.

"Then you should go enjoy the rest of your day off," Lydia more ordered than offered. "Tomorrow is going to be a long day. We have another test to do."

"What test," Mia asked, shocked. "I don't have anything on my schedule about another test tomorrow."

"I'll explain it to you in the morning," Lydia said dryly. 

"Okay," Mia huffed. "Don't fill in the lead engineer about the test on the project that she created."

"It will go fine," Lydia snapped. "And even if it doesn't, that's why it's a test. We will fix it."

"You mean I will fix it," Mia said.

"Exactly," Lydia said in a slow and dangerous tone. Mia picked up on the tone and didn't put forth any more arguments. She turned and started to walk out of the door.

"Mia," Lydia called, stopping the dark-haired woman at the doorway. "Shouldn't you turn him off?"

"He's fine," Mia stuttered a bit with her answer at first but continued a bit stronger. "He's in a maintenance mode. He's still operational but perfectly safe."

"Have a good day off then," Lydia said and closed the door behind the other woman when she walked out. 

Lydia turned back to regard Zero.

She had her long, light-brown hair up in a bun this day. She wore a red blouse with the top few buttons undone, showing off her black bra underneath that pushed her ample breasts up to accentuate her cleavage. Her black slacks were so tight around her long legs that they showed off every curve from her calves to her round rump. 

Zero honed his senses in to get a hint at what the woman was up to. Her heart rate was quicker than normal, revealing nerves underneath her hard exterior. Her eyes flickered on his enough to show him that her desires were struggling with her inner pragmatism. Her steps shifted ever-so-slightly, telling him that she was unsure about her next physical move.

Lydia was wanting to have sex with him? Was that why she was here? He could smell the pheromones of a woman who desired sex, but her body language showed him that she wasn't sure if that was a good idea. 

Zero stood up and gave the woman a warm smile, similar to the one he had given Mia just a few short moments earlier. Only, this smile wasn't genuine. He wasn't sure what to make out of Lydia. She was beautiful. There was no denying that. The issue lied within her stern and almost heartless personality that she seemed to take great pride in having. 

"Are you," Lydia started but cut off as she thought about how to appropriately finish the question. "Fully operational?"

"I am," Zero answered with another smile.

Lydia let her eyes drift down his body before she began staring at his penis. Her lips twitched slightly as she leaned back against the door. 

"Do you want to have sex with me," Zero asked, figuring it best to just break the ice before things got too awkward.

Lydia's widened eyes shot back to his and her mouth opened as if she wanted to protest angrily for a moment but she slowly closed her mouth and raised an eyebrow.

"I don't know," she answered, the bossiness leaving her tone. "I thought I did. I think I do, but I'm not sure if that would be a good idea."

"What would be wrong with it," Zero asked, honestly curious. "Isn't that what I'm designed for?"

"Yes," she answered slowly. "But I'm not sure if something like you is what someone like me needs."

"I've been designed to work for anyone," Zero explained as he took a step toward the woman. "I'm programmed to be what everyone needs. I can be what you need as well."

What was coming over him? What made him want to seduce this woman? She was beautiful and Zero seemed to be always wanting sex, but why was he being so forward?

"That is true," she said as she watched the android close ground between them.

"And don't you think it would be quite unresponsible of you to not try the project that you've risked so much to create," he asked as he stepped close enough to touch.

"That makes sense," she whispered as she looked up into his eyes.

"The truth is," Zero lowered his head and placed his lips to her ear. "I want you just as much as you want me."

Lydia let out a long breath as he gently nibbled on her earlobe. He placed a hand behind the small of her back and pulled her against his naked body. His penis expanded into an erection as it pressed against her blouse.

"And if I say no," she moaned.

"Then I will step away and watch you leave," he answered as he slid his tongue down the side of her neck. "Do you say no?"

Zero felt her hand slide down his shaft as her open mouth began sucking on the side of his neck. He pulled her blouse up, untucking it from beneath her pants and slid his hand down the back to feel her silky panties underneath. Her breathing increased as his hands felt the warmth of what was on the other side of those panties.

Lydia let out a stifled shout of surprise as Zero lifted her into the air with his hand, which was still beneath her pants, and carried her over to an empty work table. He gently sat her down on the table and removed his hand from under her pants. She looked up at him in awe.

"We're really going to do this aren't we," she asked.

"Only if you want to," he answered as he pressed his mouth to hers. 

She worked her tongue into his mouth and wrapped a hand behind his head, pulling him closer to her as her other hand stroked his cock. 

"My god," Lydia gasped.

Zero pulled his head back and looked down. She was holding his cock against her body as she had slid her hips down and was looking at the length of his dick.

"Look at how far this is going to be inside of me," she exclaimed.

She had undone the bottom buttons of her blouse, to where on one button held it on, and his rod was stretched passed her bellybutton. She looked up at him with wide eyes.

"We don't have to do this if you don't want to," he offered once again. Lydia merely laughed.

"Oh, we're doing this!" She chuckled. 

Zero unfastened her last button on her red blouse and watched it flop open, revealing the woman's fit body. She reached behind her back and unfastened her black bra before tossing it to the floor, revealing her large breasts and tiny, and erect, nipples.

Zero bent down and placed one of Lydia's nipples in his mouth as he gently began pinching the other between his forefinger and thumb. She hissed and arched her back as he pressed his free hand on the crotch of her pants and began rubbing back and forth. She released her grip on his cock and held onto his back as he worked.

"Wait," she called a few moments later, pushing him back from her.

He stepped back and watched as she pulled her blouse off and lied down on her back, hanging her head off the edge.

"I want to taste you," she called looking up at him from her upside down position. "Slide your dick in my mouth."

Zero stepped around to the end of the long table and placed the tip of his cock between the woman's lips as she stretched her arms around his waist and held firmly onto his ass. The warmth of her mouth sent a surge immediately through his body. Her hands squeezed his ass cheeks as he pushed a little further in, as he slid his hands from her large breasts, down her stomach.

His hands slid to the waist of her pants and he unhooked the button. He began pushing the zipper down but felt the end of his shaft hit the back of her throat, followed by the sounds of her gagging, so he pulled himself back out of her mouth and looked down at her.

"It's okay," she said sweetly. "Fuck my throat like you're going to fuck my pussy."

Zero slid his cock back into her mouth as he moved his hands back to her pants. He felt his dick hit the back of her throat, but this time her hands pulled him on. He pushed past the barrier as he finished pushing the zipper of her pants down to reveal her red silk panties. He pulled back out of her throat but she held her hands firmly on his ass, not allowing him to pull completely out of her mouth, so he slid his cock back down her throat once more.

He slid his fingers beneath her panties to find a nicely trimmed runway leading to her hot cunt. He hooked his fingers inside of her, causing her to call out from around his throbbing rod. Her back arched as she spread her legs, lifting her ass off the table to give him easier reach. He made sure to slide his cock back out of her throat over and over long enough to give her time to breath as he worked his fingers in and out of her desperate pussy.

As time drifted by, Lydia's body became more and more active with her hips twisting and swaying. Zero's slow motion of in and out of her throat turned into quick thrusts, leaving her moments of breath fewer in between. Her hands gripped his asscheeks tightly as she pulled him down her throat harder and harder all the while screaming against his rod. Eventually, her body exploded into motion as she pulled him down her throat and held him there while she orgasmed, spraying her juices down his fingers and wetting her pants.

"I want to taste you first," she gasped once Zero was able to pull his dick out of her mouth. "Cum in my mouth."

Zero looked down at the woman, who was still lying on her back with her head hanging off the edge of the table. He placed the tip of his cock back in her mouth and began fucking her throat immediately. He would give her what she wanted. He already knew that. 

Soon, his shaft had swelled and his balls tightened. He knew it was time to release his load for this woman. She worked her own fingers under her panties as she allowed him to work his cock in and out of her throat however fast he wanted.

He pulled his dick out of her throat, leaving the tip in her mouth, and stroked it. His vision blurred for an instance as he felt his rod pulse within his grip, followed immediately by Lydia's gurgling sounds. Blast after blast of his cum exploded into her mouth as she did her best to not drown.

Finally, once the last drop of his cum had leaked from the tip of his cock, Zero pulled out of the woman's mouth and looked down at her. His spunk was running out the corners of her lips and pouring down her face and into her hairline as she held an open-mouthed expression and stared up at him with starry eyes.

"Can you go again," she asked after a few coughs.

Zero answered her question by showing her his fully erect cock in his hand and a smile on his face.

"Fuck me," she hoarsely ordered.

Zero stepped back to the beautiful older woman on the table, placed an arm under the bend of her knees and under her back just beneath her shoulders, lifted her up and turned her around before layer her back on the table with her legs hanging off at exactly where her head had once been. She bent her feet back under her ass and lifted her hips up as he hooked his hands on the waist of her pants and panties and pulled them down to her knees. She dropped back down to her ass and stretched out her legs to let him finish pulling her pants and panties off, revealing her wet and ready cunt.

He stepped between her legs and let his swollen rod slide up her stomach. It did stretch to well beyond her belly button. He could feel the heat from her pussy against his balls as he observed his length.

"Fuck me," Lydia ordered again. Zero looked up her body to find her staring at him with a bit more intensity in her eyes than right before. His cum was still splashed on the sides of her face but she had wiped most of it off.

Not wanting to be told a third time, he pulled his hips back, pressed the end of his shaft until he felt her heat against his tip, and begin to push himself inside of her in a slow but steady motion. The further in he pushed, the louder her single, long moan became. He soon found his entire cock deep inside the woman's womb.

"Are you okay," he asked, holding his rod inside of her.

"It's so big," she whispered, looking up into his eyes. "It feels like you're going to split me in half."

"We can stop," he offered, hoping she wouldn't want to end it. Her cunt felt so good.

"Then end it," she laughed. "End it inside of me this time."

Zero began a slow rhythm of pulling out right before pushing back in. Lydia's hissing turned to moans as he picked up his pace as he held her legs up with both of his hands. Soon, he had picked up his pace to the point where only the sounds of smacking flesh echoed through the tiny workroom. Lydia's moans had stopped as it looked like she was holding her breath. Her face turned a dark red as she held her eyes closed and chewed on her lower lip. 

Finally, Lydia clamped her legs around Zero's waist as her body went into the wild motions as if she were riding a bucking horse. She arched her back so far that she lifted her body up on the back of her head while screaming loudly. He felt her warm juices splash around his cock and pour to the floor.

"End it inside of me," She begged through gasps for air once her orgasm subsided. "I want to feel you cum inside of me!"

Zero knew he could go on a lot longer before cumming but also knew that he held the ability within him to climax at any time he wished, so he triggered that ability and surprised Lydia with a shotgun blast of his cum inside of her womb while she still held her legs clamped around his waist.

"Oh my god," she screamed, her eyes and mouth opened wide. "Such force!"

Zero finished his blasts inside of the woman before she released her hold on him and dropped back down to the table. He pulled back, slipping his cock from her hungry cunt and letting it fall back down to his knees as he looked down at the woman.

Lydia's legs hung down the edge of the table, pulling her hips up in, what looked to be, an extremely uncomfortable position. Zero picked her up the same way as before and sat down on the floor, turning her so that she sat down in front of him with her back pressed against his body and her head leaning back on his chest. 

He sat on the floor, holding the naked and exhausted woman as she sat in silence for a long moment.

"Could you go again," she asked after a while.

To answer her question, Zero's cock stiffened against her bare back.

"Just a question," she quickly added. "I couldn't go again so soon."

"I understand," he said, and it was true. He could tell by her signs that she was too tired for another go. He just wanted to show her that he would be able to continue having sex if that was something that was needed. 

He wasn't sure if anything could make him unable to have sex again. His body was designed with a rapid regeneration of his cum and his energy could replenish in a flash as well. Mia designed him for any situation.

"You are going to help me show our shareholders that they should just trust me," she laughed. "They should never question what I'm doing with their money because whatever I am doing is going to make them rich."

Zero, having no interest in her shareholders or any of her business endeavors that didn't directly involve his existence, just listened as the woman went on about her aspirations and goals with the company she worked for.