 Episode 4, The Focus Group

Zero sat alone in the workroom once Lydia had left to take care of business before her commute home. He thought about each of the three humans he had been with sexually. 

Amara, with her petite body, small breasts, short cropped blonde hair, light blue eyes, and a sweet deminer, was the perfect first time with a human for Zero. A smile came across his face as he thought of her orgasming on him while he held her up in the air. 

Mia, with her fit body, larger breasts, long dark hair, bronzed skin, dark brown eyes, and a humorous personality, was absolutely a dream come true. A dream come true? He hadn't been fully operational long enough to have developed aspirations or goals at all and yet he felt like he completed one when he had sex with his creator. He still smiled widely as he thought about him lying on top of her as her stomach pressed against the floor, while he pounded his cock in and out of her asshole. 

And Lydia, with her curved body, ample breasts, long light-brown hair, sharp eyes, and bossy take-no-prisoners attitude. He hadn't expected to have had so much fun having sex with her. Sure, he figured the time would come, but he assumed it would be the woman telling him what to do every step of the way. That wasn't the case in reality. Lydia had been sweet, caring and fun in the end. A chuckle escaped him as he thought back to just a few hours prior to this moment when he had her on the table as he rammed his dick in her cunt over and over again until she was screaming through her orgasm. 

All three women in one day. This had been a good day indeed.

Footsteps sounded out from outside of the closed door. Someone was coming toward him. He listened closely with his enhanced senses and heard a familiar breath. It was Mia. What time was it? Had he lost so much track of the time that it was already in the morning?

The door opened and a smiling Mia stepped inside, holding a bag in her arms.

"Good morning," she chimed, closing the door behind her and dropping the bag on the table behind him. "I hope you're all rested up. Today's a special test for you."

"You know what the test is," he asked, standing up and eyeing Mia curiously. "You don't seem angry. I'm assuming that means that I have nothing to worry about?"

"Nothing at all," she laughed. "Lydia called me last night and told me what the test was so I've had plenty of time to think about it."

"Care to share the news," Zero asked.

Mia's smile widened even more as she reached into the bag and pulled out some clothing. She turned and held a shirt up against his chest before nodding approval.

"I think it should be a surprise," she said. "Don't worry. It's a good surprise."

"I trust you," Zero stated with a nod. "Am I to get dressed?"

"Yep," the chipper woman said with a nod. "Put these on while I get everything else ready."

Zero put the black button-up shirt on and pulled the dark blue-jean pants up before turning back to regard Mia. She was busy bent over her tablet and mumbling to herself. She was wearing a long gray skirt with a bright yellow sleeveless top that was cut in the front in a v shape. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she was wearing her glasses today. 

He let his gaze drift from her high heels to her firm ass as she bent over the table. He walked up behind her and placed a hand on either hip before leaning in and kissing the back of her neck. She rolled her head to the side and let out a deep breath.

"Do we have time," he asked as he slid his hand down her stomach, heading further south.

"I wish we did," she whispered, turning to press her ass to the table and stare Zero in the eyes. "I really wish we did."

Zero leaned in and pressed his lips to hers. She melted in his arms as she shared the kiss. He pulled her up and sat her down on the table, spread her legs so that he could push himself against her, and pulled his fully erect penis from his pants to rub against her moist panties. She moaned to his touch but managed to place her open palms against his chest to hold him.

"We don't have time," she repeated. Her face had reddened from her desires as she was obviously trying to convince herself of what she was telling him. 

"We could be fast," he offered with a smile as he pushed her panties to the side with the end of his cock so he could feel her wet cunt begging for him.

"Zero," Mia whispered. Her eyes were half closed as she felt him pushing against her pussy. "They're waiting right now."

"They can wait a little longer," he said as he pushed his hips forward enough to insert himself inside of her slightly. She stifled a cry and pushed against his chest a bit harder.

"Zero," she croaked. "I want you so bad but they can't wait. It's important."

Zero started to push himself further inside of Mia, but she curled her legs up, placed her knees against his chest and kicked forward, in an attempt to push herself away from him on the table. Her efforts were in vain, for Zero wrapped his arms around her folded legs, gripped her on the lower back and drove his cock in all the way.

Mia shouted and threw her head back as her pussy stretched around Zero's massive cock. She held her curled up legs against his chest, not that she had any choice and braced her hands on the table below her as the android began working his shaft in and out of her at a quick rate.

"We can make it quick," he assured her.

She looked into his eyes with an expression of pure amazement. Zero could feel the muscles in the woman's cunt loosen up as her body began to accept the pure ecstasy of his sex. Her breathing increased as her toes dug upward against his stomach.

"I'm going to cum," she grunted just before her legs pressed so tightly against his chest that Zero almost lost grip of her lower back as he hammered his aching cock into her. "Your turn, Zero. remember, we have to be quick."

Zero slammed his cock deep inside of Mia's womb and let his load explode into her, causing her to shout out and throw her head back once more. Her arms weakened and she slumped down onto the table as Zero released his hold on her. He pulled out and allowed her legs to fall limp over the table.

Mia laid there on the table, staring at her creation for a long moment as Zero's cum oozed down her inner thighs. Finally, she sat up on the table and grabbed her tablet. She finished her work without saying another word to him. He could feel the confusion within her through her body language, heart rate, and breathing patterns. Had he misread her desires? Could he have made a mistake?

"We need to go," she said before clearing her throat, hopping off of the tablet, adjusting her panties and stepping out through the door.

Zero followed Mia, filled with regret and worry. Mia's walk was quick and conveyed nervousness. Was she worried about him following too closely? He gave her some more room in front of him as he followed her. She made it to the end of the hallway and stopped at an elevator entrance. She turned to regard him, her eyes showing concern.

"I'm sorry, Mia,' Zero said, keeping his same distance from her. "I read your body language and thought that you wanted me. I think I misread you."

"I did want you," Mia said after a long moment of silence and a sigh. "I was wanting you right then and right there but sometimes we can't get what we want and you must always respect a woman's words over her physical desires."

"I will never do that again," he offered, braving a few steps closer to her. 

"Never say never," she chuckled. "Just be mindful of the situation."

With that, Mia's body language visibly relaxed and the two stepped inside the elevator. The elevator moved to the fourth floor before stopping and opening its doors. Mia led Zero out of the elevator and down another hallway where they stepped into a small room with a large window on one side. 

Amara and Lydia were waiting in the small room with smiles as they watched Mia and Zero step inside. 

Zero looked out the window to see that it was looking out to another fully furnished room with a couch against one wall, a recliner against another wall and a large coffee table in the middle. Three women were setting in the room as if they were waiting for something.

"They are your test," Lydia explained to Zero when she noticed him staring. "This is a two-way mirror. The side those women are on can only see a reflexion while we can see perfectly what they are doing."

"This is a test to see how the public will accept you as you are," Amara stated as she leaned against the long bar that stretched out below the two-way mirror.

Zero looked back through the glass to observe the three women. 

A woman with dyed blue hair sat on the recliner with her legs crossed under her. She wore a tight white t-shirt that showed off her large and firm breasts. Her short blue-jean shorts stopped in tatters just below her ass as she leaned forward in what appeared to be an attempt to converse with another woman, who was setting closes to her on the couch next to the chair.

The woman that the blue-haired woman was trying to talk to sat straight-backed on the last cushion of the couch and appeared to be uncomfortable. Her short, curly blonde hair was perfectly kept and her peach skin looked a bit pale in contrast with her black, low-cut blouse. Her large breasts showed off a slight amount of cleavage and her long legs showed from the knees down as she held one leg folded over the other as she rested her open hands on her lap.

The third woman sat on the opposite side of the couch and looked excited and a little nervous. Her long, straight hair was so blonde that it almost appeared white, almost as white as her incredibly pale skin. She wasn't old by any means though. She appeared to be the youngest woman in the room by far. Her long, thin body was perfectly shown off by her tight t-shirt that had a logo on it and a pair of blue-jeans with holes in it. She fidgetted with a cellphone as she was obviously trying to avoid eye contact with the other two women. 

"It would be hard to find any three women further from each other," Zero commented as he turned his attention back to Amara. 

"That's the point," Amara explained with a laugh. "This is a focussed test group. I held a contest with promises that the winners would get to try out one of our new products. Those are the winners."

"Of course," Lydia added. "These women were not picked at random as they think they were. I had Amara go through the applicants and pick the ones that would best represent all areas of our most prominent customers."

"The one on the chair with the blue hair is Shannon and she represents the free spirits who always buy up our stuff because we market our company as eco-friendly," Amara explained, nodding her head to the woman on the chair. "Her records show that she does her best to buy every other new product from us. Also, we have no records of her ever trading in old products toward the newer ones. I'm not sure what she does with the older ones but we've never received them."

"And the stiffed backed woman in the black skirt," Zero asked, taking in the information.

"That's Brenna," Amara explained. "She represents the upper side of the income earners who buys a new product every time one is released. It seems that she sees having an older product is a bad representation of the quality of person that she is. She represents a smaller number of our customer base but oddly enough, those customers are what keep our shareholders happy with us."

"And the thin woman," Zero asked.

"Lexy," Amara answered. "Barely a woman, Lexy just turned eighteen two days ago. She represents our youngest customers who buy our products because it is the trend to do so. As long as our company is successful, we will keep young women. My job is to mainly keep young women attracted to our products. They may not make up much of the money that we make but they essentially keep us 'cool'."

"This doesn't seem like a natural test," Zero explained after a moment of thought.

"What do you mean," Lydia asked.

"In what 'real' scenario will these three women be in the same room together," he asked.

Amara and Lydia looked at each other and smiled. 

"You're right about that," Amara admitted. "This is an extreme test, to be honest. If you can successfully please these three women then we know that we have hit the jackpot with you."

"Do you know what you need to do," Lydia asked in a serious tone.

"I do," Zero answered with a quick nod. "I am to seduce these three women and leave them pleased with me."

"Precisely," Lydia nodded with a smile. "Any more questions?"

Zero thought for a moment and only had one question that had started creeping in on him during the night when he was alone.

"What is the name of your company," he asked.

Amara and Lydia turned from Zero to look at Mia, who was standing by the door, looking ashamed. 

"You didn't program the name of the company responsible for making him into his brain," Lydia asked incredulously. 

"I was so focused on getting him to work as intended that it never crossed my mind," Mia explained.

"Our company name is simple and catchy," Amara stated proudly. "Flower. Just Flower."

"Flower," Zero repeated slowly. 

"Now," Amara smiled. "I'm going to guide you into the room and greet the women before introducing you to them. Just follow my lead. You'll do fine."

"Ready," Lydia asked Zero.

"I'm ready," Zero stated, firming his jaw.

Amara led Zero from the door and down to the next door in the hallway. She turned to regard him once more.

"Convincing these three into having sex with you may prove to be difficult," she said. "Don't worry too much about it if it doesn't happen, okay?"

"I will do my best," Zero said.

"I know," Amara said before opening the door and stepping inside.

"Hello ladies," Amara said as she stepped into the center of the room. "My name is Amara and I'm the marketing manager of Flower."

"Well, hello there," the blue-haired woman, Shannon, said with a smile as she twisted her body to face Amara.

"I'm, like, so excited to be here," the young woman, Lexy, chimed. "I almost lost my shit when I got the email saying I won the contest. I'm a huge fan of Flower and feel totally honored by being chosen to be here."

"Thank you," Amara said cheerfully. "We're really happy to have you here."

"What do you have there, Amara," Shannon asked, pointing a finger at Zero. "Is that the product we get to try?"

"This," Amara began, placing a hand on Zero's back and nudging him to her side. "This is Zero and yes, he is our newest product that we would like for you three to try."

"This is the new Flower Droid Male," Lexy asked in awe as she eyed Zero up and down with wide eyes.

"No," Amara answered. "Our Flower Droid 30 lineup is still in production and isn't scheduled to be ready for testing until the second quarter of next year."

Lexy's face showed a slight moment of disappointment before confusion took over.

"This is a fully functional prototype of a brand new lineup of droids that we have ready for production," Amara explained to the three confused women. 

"What's the lineup called," Shannon asked, leaning forward in her chair to get a closer look at him.

"I have checked all of your accounts and seen that you have made purchases from our Flower Lust section," Amara began. "Zero is our first android within that line."

The rich woman, Brenna's face darkened a red color from the embarrassment of the announcement. Shannon's eyes opened wide as her study of Zero intensified, and Lexy immediately looked to the two other women in shock.

"You designed a man for sex," Shannon asked in astonishment. 

"We did," Amara answered proudly. "He's fully functioning in every way imaginable."

"Like," Lexy whispered. "What exactly does that mean."

"Zero has a working penis," Amara explained. "It grows fully erect when he is aroused, and even ejaculates when he climaxes."

"How does that work," Brenna asked, speaking for the first time since Zero and Amara entered the room.

"That's what you three are here to find out," Amara explained. 

"You want us to let your android have sex with us," Shannon asked, looking even more excited than before.

"Precisely," Amara agreed. "He's perfectly safe. I have tested him myself."

"How does it know what to do," Lexy asked, shying back in her seat.

"He's programmed with nothing but the satisfaction of the woman he's pleasing in mind," Amara explained. "And he's extremely good at it."

"So," Brenna asked quietly. "You've tried him out yourself?"

"I have," Amara answered. 

"And he worked," Shannon asked, pulling a loche of her blue hair behind an ear.

"Oh yes," Amara answered happily. "I haven't been able to think about much else since my test with him."

"It would be nice to have something other than a toy I have to work myself," Shannon said slowly, looking to the other women on the couch.

"I don't know," Brenna said skeptically. 

"Obviously, you don't have to do anything that you don't want to do," Amara added toward all three women. "If you are uncomfortable with this then I can always find three other participants who would be willing to try him out. Come on, Zero. I'll take you back out so these women will feel more at ease."

"Wait a minute," Shannon protested. "I never said I didn't want to test him out. I was just asking questions."

"Then maybe you would like to leave," Amara more asked than stated to Brenna, who was sitting on the couch with a thoughtful expression on her face.

"I think I'll stay," the uptight woman finally answered slowly as she studied Zero. "I want to see him in action."

"We can make that happen," Amara said, looking back and winking at Zero before turning back to the women. "Shannon, since you seem to be the most willing, would you care to start things off?"

"Sure," Shannon said with a nervous smile.

Amara started to give Zero an order but stopped when she saw that he was already moving toward the blue-haired woman on the recliner. 

"Hi," Shannon said as she watched Zero approach her. She had leaned back in the recliner and was watching the male android as he got closer.

Zero stopped by the chair and dropped to his knees. He gave Shannon a smile as she reached out to stroke the back of her hand down his face. She smiled back and he lightly placed his hand on her leg as he bent down and kissed her knee. 

"It tickles," she explained after she jerked her leg from his face. "Sorry, Zero you can continue."

She stuck her leg back to him once more and he placed both of his hands around her calf as he places his lips on the tips of her toes. She stopped herself from jerking away from him this time as he opened his mouth and slid his tongue across the bottom of her curled up toes. He slid his hands up and down her legs, stopping them just above her knees, as he kissed on each toe.

"Damn," Shannon said to the two women on the couch. "This feels quite nice, to be honest."

"It gets better," Amara said. "I'm going to leave you three with Zero now. I'll be back in a few for the survey."

"Okay, then," Shannon hissed with a wave as Zero's hands began moving further up her leg.

Zero kissed up her leg, with his hands moving just above his mouth. He stopped his hands once he felt her smooth legs end and her tiny blue-jean shorts begin. She arched her back as he rotated his head and moved his kisses to her inner thigh. Her fingers slid through his hair and gripped as he led his tongue under her shorts to slid up the edge of her panties.

"You're going to let him do this to you," Lexy asked quietly.

"It appears so," Shannon whispered.

Zero pulled his head back, looked up at Shannon and unfastened the button on her shorts. She stared down into his eyes with a starry look as he slowly pulled her zipper down. She picked her hips up by placing her feet against the edge of her seat and lifting, giving Zero room to slide them and her panties off. She sat back down on the recliner and held her legs straight as he freed her from the confines of her bottoms. 
