 Episode five, Everyone gets a turn.

"It went fantastic," Amara cheered as she entered the room on the other side of the two-way mirror.

Zero had left the room immediately after Amara had entered and watched the interview between Amara and the three test subjects with Mia and Lydia. They had heard the entire interview and Zero had watched as Lydia's face brightened with every last word from the three women that had been answering Amara's questions. 

"I can't believe how well it actually went," Lydia said, still smiling widely. "I always had faith in you, Zero but was pretty worried, to be honest."

"I understand," Zero stated with a shrug. "I was a bit worried as well."

"That was amazing," Mia said. "You handled those three women like a boss!"

"It was more like them handling the situation," Zero said with a wave of his hand. "All I did was start things off."

"Your modesty doesn't matter," Lydia stated, slapping Zero across the shoulder in a playful manner. "What matters is that you are a success and we can breathe a little relief now that you passed the hardest part. Let's take a day to enjoy our triumph. Tomorrow, we start working on the closed press release to show him off to the women who will be reviewing the line before sales start."

"Press release," Zero asked.

"We'll invite a few select journalists under a 'no-disclosure' contract to take a look at you while we explain our new Lust Droid lineup. They'll only be able to write what we tell them they can," Amara explained.

"How many journalists," Zer asked.

"We'll keep it small," Joyce answered. "Probably no more than five."

"Five women at once," Zero asked, a smile growing on his face.

"You won't be having sex with them," Mia laughed. "They'll just sit and listen while Amara explains what you do."

"Actually," Lydia cut Mia off. "There will be a demonstration. Just one woman. We're going to need to show them that we aren't blowing smoke up their asses."

"Who do you have in mind for this demonstration," Amara asked.

"Don't worry about that," Lydia said with a smile. "I have someone very specific in mind."

"And there she goes with her secrets again," Mia huffed. "You know, Lydia just for once I would love it if you would let me in on your plans ahead of time."

"What," Lydia teased. "And lose all the mystery?"

"Well," Amara began. "I guess this means we are taking off for the rest of the day?"

"I guess it does," Lydia nodded.

"What about Zero," Mia asked, drawing both Lydia and Amara's attention. "He is the hero here, after all."

"You're right," Lydia said, turning her attention back to the android. "Maybe I should take you with me and show you around my home. You can even stay the night."

"Hey," Amara protested. "I put in a lot of work here too."

"You want to come over instead," Lydia asked sarcastically.

"No," Amara huffed. "I'd like some time with Zero as well."

"Woh," Mia snapped. "I made him and I should be with him, you know just in case something goes wrong."

"Okay," Lydia sighed. "We can all come to my house and stay the night. We'll make it our little party. Does that sound fair?"

Mia and Amara nodded agreement and their moods brightened once more.

A few hours later, Zero found himself sitting in a lounge chair by Lydia's giant swimming pool. Lydia laid in a chair next to him with Amara sitting in front of him with her feet in the water as she watched Mia swim laps. All three women were wearing two-piece bikinis, while Zero was wearing a pair of swimming shorts that Lydia had someone make just for him.

"You really are wonderful," Lydia said.

Zero looked to her to see that she had rolled onto her side and looking at him as she spoke. Her bright yellow bikini made her skin look much tanner than she normally looked under the indoor lighting of the building. 

"I can't thank you enough for your part in my creation," Zero told her with a smile. "I'm absolutely loving the life that you have helped give me."

"You know," Lydia began, pushing herself up slightly on one elbow and leaning closer to him to speak. "There's something that I need help with. I need you to help me lift something in the poolhouse."

"Sure," Zero said. He knew from his senses what Lydia needed help with and honestly looked forward to giving her that helping hand. "Lead the way."

Lydia stood up from her chair and walked toward the smaller house next to her pool. Zero followed her through the doorway and she closed the door behind her before turning the lock.

"Finally," she said. "We're alone."

Zero approached Lydia, pulled her into his arms, and pressed his mouth to hers for a long kiss. Lydia's surprise melted away by his touch and she returned the kiss with a probing tongue into his mouth. 

"My god," Lydia gasped once he pulled his head from hers. "I've wanted that for so long now."

Zero scanned the room and found a small sofa pushed up under a window against the wall. He scooped the woman up in her arms and carried her to the sofa before laying her down on her back and dropping down on top of her. He pulled his shorts off and pressed his erection against the cloth that separated him from her hot cunt. 

"What if I just wanted to talk," she playfully protested while adjusting her position on the sofa.

"Then you would've remained by the pool with me," Zero reasoned as he pulled her top down, freeing her large breasts.

"That is true," she moaned as he began sucking on one of her nipples.

Zero's cock slid down Lydia's leg as he kissed down her stomach while she gripped her fingers in his hair. His mouth made it to the waist of her bikini as he dropped his knees to the floor and pulled them off to reveal her awaiting pussy. She let out a soft cry as his mouth, tongue, and teeth began tasting her. 

"You're so good to me," she whispered.

Her back arched as her juices began flowing more into his mouth. He could feel her bare feet rest on his back as her hands gripped his hair tightly. He slid his tongue down and probed her asshole, causing her to jump and squeeze his head with her legs.

"Damn," she whispered. "I wasn't expecting that."

"You like surprises," Zero asked, pulling his head back and looking up Lydia's body to her eyes. 

"Sometimes," she answered slowly. "What surprises do you have in mind?"

"If I told you, it would be a surprise," he answered with a smile before diving his head back down between her legs.

Zero alternated his tongue from Lydia's cunt to her asshole and back again for a while. The muscles in her legs began to shake as she sucked in air through her teeth and filled his mouth with her juices before relaxing and releasing her grip on him.

"That was great," Lydia said quietly when Zero stood up from the floor and looked down at her. "We should probably get back to the others though."

She put her yellow bikini back on and started walking back to the door but Zero wrapped his arms around her from behind and slid his cock under her ass and between her legs before lifting her into the air.

"Zero," Lydia whispered. "What are you doing?"

"Surprising you," he answered as he set her back on her feet and pushed her against the wall by the door.

"We should really get back," Lydia protested as Zero had his hand pushing against her back, keeping her against the wall while he pulled her bikini bottom down to her knees with his other hand. 

"I will stop if you want me to," Zero offered, as he waited for an answer.

"I do like surprises," was Lydia's answer.

Zero pressed his hard cock against the crack of her ass and began rubbing it back and forth, feeling her asshole and cunt with it as he went. Her whispered moans grew a bit louder as he pushed a little harder with every passing. Which hole was he going in? He didn't even know and knew that her not knowing was a driving force to her excitement. 

"Fuck me," she whispered as she looked over her shoulder at him. 

Zero pressed his hand into her back a bit harder, causing her to turn back to the wall and brace her hands on either side of her. He slammed his cock deep inside of her cunt with one swift motion, drawing a cry from her lips.

"Fuck me," she whispered into the wall, her hands turning white from the pressure of her push. "Fuck me hard!"

Zero smashed his dick in and out of the woman with so much force that if his hand wasn't still pressed into her back, pinning her to the wall, then she would have fallen to the floor. She tried her best to stifle her cries but a loud croak escaped her from time to time. Her hot pussy felt great surrounding him as he plunged his meat in and out of her at a rapid rate. 

She whispered something unintelligible and soon after, Zero felt her juices splash out against him and drip to the floor. She lifted her ass toward him as she stood on her toes and he knew that she was sexually exhausted already so he picked up his pace until he could fill his own orgasm coming on strong.

Zero slammed his rod inside of her and held it as his cannon exploded his cum inside, drawing another long moan from her lips. Her legs began to shake once more before he pulled out and stepped back. She slid down the wall and dropped in a ball on the floor as a mixture of her juices and his cum ran from her cunt in a small puddle on the floor. 

"That was quite the surprise," she whispered back to him once she had enough strength in her legs to stand back up and pull her bikini bottom back up. She pressed her lips to his once more. "Now, we should really get back out there."

Zero and Lydia stepped back out of the pool house to find Amara and Mia standing in wait, Amara with her arms crossed and Mia with her fists on her hips. Neither woman looked too pleased with Lydia at that moment.

"You think you can have him all to yourself," Amara asked in a dangerous tone. "Sneaking off with him while we were distracted."

"Yeah," Mia nodded firmly. "We want some of him too, you know!?"

Lydia stood by Zero's side, eyeing the two women. At first, Zero thought that Lydia would order them off of her property or maybe even begin a physical altercation with the other two women, but the bossy woman's posture relaxed and she sighed.

"You're right," Lydia agreed, looking slightly embarrassed. "We should all be able to share him. After all, we each had equal parts in his creation."

"That's debatable," Mia mumbled under her breath so low that only Zero's enhanced hearing could pick it up.

"So," Amara said slowly. "What do you suggest?"

"I just had a turn," Lydia began after a moment of thought. "One of you two take the next."

Mia and Amara looked at each other and locked eyes.

"You should go next," Amara offered. "You're the one that put the physical work in to create him, after all."

"Are you sure," Mia asked.

"I'm sure,' Amara said.

"Good, it's settled then," Lydia stated. "Amara, you can come with me, into my house to clean up and help prepare our dinner. We'll leave you two alone for awhile. Come in the house when you've finished."

Mia smiled widely as the other two women retreated through the gate that led to Lydia's mansion. She adjusted the bottom of her black two-piece bikini and looked at Zero. 

"So," she began quietly. "Whatcha wanna do?"

Zero studied the woman for a moment, taking in all of her beauty before answering. Her tall, fit figure's dark complexion shined in the sunshine as her long dark-brown hair stuck to her shoulders from the pool water. Her large breasts, smooth curves, and wide hips caused his penis to swell just at the sight. 

Mia gave Zero a big smile before turning from him and jumping into the pool. She paddled back toward the center and motioned for him to join her. 

Did he even know how to swim? Could he even drown?

Zero dropped his trunks and leaped into the water, creating a big splash. He surfaced immediately and approached Mia.

He could swim extremely well!

"So, I have a game to play with you," Mia laughed.

"Oh yeah," Zero asked teasingly. "And what is the game?"

"You have to catch me," Mia explained, splashing water toward Zero.

"Okay," Zero laughed. "And what prize do I get if I win?"

"Me, silly," Mia shouted in glee before turning and swimming away from him. 

Zero began swimming as fast as he could toward the woman who had a decent lead on him, to begin with. He found himself catching up to her but she was closing in on the shallow end and would be at the edge of the pool extremely quickly. He had to catch her! He kicked his feet and pulled the water, pushing the water behind him. He was getting splashed by her feet as she began to stand up and place her hands on the cement outside of the water. She had one leg out of the pool and was lifting herself up when he caught up to her.

He jumped up from the water like a shark after its prey, hooked one arm under her leg and wrapped the other arm around her waist before pulling her back into the water with him. She shouted, laughed, and playfully slapped behind her at him. He spun her around to face him to see her smiling, beautiful face staring back at him.

"I win," he said softly. "Now I get my prize?"

"I want you to force yourself on me," Mia told him seriously. 

"What," Zero asked, holding her back from him a bit. "But earlier..."

"Earlier was different," she cut him off. "It did make me realize how much fun that could be though. I want to do that again. I want to fight you while you ravage me."

"I'm not sure," Zero admitted honestly. "This information is conflicting with your earlier instructions. I don't want to displease you, Mia."

"Then you better catch me," she said before placing her feet against his stomach and kicking herself away from him. 

Zero was done processing the information and coming to a conclusion before Mia had a chance to climb out of the pool. He grabbed her by the ankle and jerked her back into the water. She threw an elbow behind her, contacting it with the side of his head before placing her hands back on the concrete and pulling her body up once more. He grabbed her by the hips and pulled her back down again. She threw another elbow, but he dodged it this time and wrapped one arm around her arms, pinning them down. She growled and twisted her body but he held on firmly as he gripped her bikini bottom by the back and pulled hard enough to rip it clean off of her.

Her wet skin was too slippery for him to hold on to for long and she was able to twist herself free from his grasp. She placed her hands on the cement one more time and began pulling herself up but Zero anticipated the move and leaped up, driving his massive erection deep inside of her cunt before pulling her back down until her elbows were resting on the concrete as she cried out with her head throwing from side to side as she continued to struggle. 

Zero shoved his cock into her again, hard enough to scoot her forward until her legs were pressed against the edge of the pool. She moaned but continued her futile attempts to climb out, lazily slapping her hands in an attempt to find a grip. 

Slam! His cock filled her womb once more.

She cried out, her breathing increasing as she kicked behind her, spreading her legs straight around his hips in the water. 

Slam!

Mia gasped as she spun her upper body enough to throw a hand behind her, scratching his face. 

Slam!

Zero grabbed a handful of her long, dark hair and pulled her head back hard enough to cause her back to arch upwards. Her struggles ended there as her moans of protest became cries of lust. She kept her legs held straight, allowing them to float on either side of him.

Slam! Slam! Slam!

He picked his pace up as he felt the muscles in Mia's pussy contract and loosen around him. She was on the verge of an orgasm and Zero wanted to make sure that it was a good one. She screamed into the air as he held his tight grip on her hair and continued his rhythm. 

Slam! Slam! Slam!

The water splashing between his hips and Mia's ass looked like a hurricane as he worked faster and faster in and out of her. He could feel his balls tighten as his shaft began to swell inside of the woman's pulsating cunt.

"I'm about to cum," he said. He had to speak loudly to be heard over the splashing water. "Let's cum together."

"Okay," Mia gasped through moans. 

Slam!

With one more hammering of his cock, he held himself inside of her and exploded. She immediately burst into a series of convulsions as her own orgasm took over. Water sprayed all around them as their bodies jolted about.

When they both finally relaxed, Mia laid her head down on the concrete and Zero pulled out of her and put his back to the edge of the pool to rest his elbows on the concrete next to her. She was looking at him with a gentle smile on her face.

"See," she said. "Nothing wrong happened."

"Well," Zero retorted. "You no longer have the bottom of your bikini."

That made Mia burst into uncontrollable laughter as she turned to see her ripped, black bikini bottom floating in the center of the pool behind her. 

A few moments later, Zero stepped through the entrance of Lydia's Mansion to find Lydia and Amara lounging in the living room that was connected to the entrance hall through an open archway. Mia followed behind him with a beach towel tied around her wide hips and a red-faced smile on her face.

"I had your clothes put up," Lydia told Mia when she saw what the woman was wearing. "Come with me. I'll show you where they are."

"So it's my turn," Amara asked as she began to sit up on the couch.

"Yes," Lydia said as she turned to regard the woman. "You can have all the privacy you want in one of my guest bedrooms upstairs."

"You hear that," Amara said to Zero once Lydia and Mia disappeared through the archway. "What do you say? You think you have enough energy for another go?"

"I can't wait," Zero said to the petite blonde. 

Amara stood up from the couch, grabbed Zero's hand and guided him out of the archway and down the entrance hall toward a flight of stairs leading up. He stared at her small but firm ass as it swayed to her steps until she suddenly stopped, causing him to look up in surprise to see that they were already at a closed door that led to one of the spare bedrooms that Lydia was talking about. She opened the door and stepped inside, closing it behind Zero.

Amara walked over to the kingsized bed and laid down on her side, resting her head on her hand as she smiled up at the android. He took the time to observe her beauty. 

Her short blonde hair was still half wet which darkened the shoulders of her white t-shirt slightly. Her t-shirt was long enough to cover her hips but in her position on the bed, rode up enough to give him a slight glimpse of her pink bikini bottom below. She hadn't changed when she had entered Lydia's mansion, it appeared. Her light blue eyes pierced through him as she waited for him. 

"Is something wrong," she asked, suddenly beginning to get nervous. 

"Of course not," Zero assured her. "I was just taking in your beauty."

"I bet you say that to everyone," she laughed.

"Only if it's true," he retorted as walked over to the bed.

Zero pulled his shorts off, letting them fall to the floor before stepping out of them, and crawled onto the bed behind Amara. She breathed in a long heavy breath as he slid his body against her from behind and wrapped an arm over her, pulling her back closely against his. He could feel the softness of her bikini and warmth of her flesh against his already hard cock as it slit in between her thighs.

"I want to please you," she whispered over her shoulder. "I want to make you remember this."

"How would I be able to forget," Zero asked as he pressed his lips to her neck.

She let out a soft moan before rolling away from him and pushing herself up to her hands and knees. She looked deeply into his eyes and had a serious expression on her face.
