 Mo looked down at my hand wrapped around his middle penis. I ask him if no one has ever touched his penis before, he told me no. I began to slowly jerk him off while talking to him. 

"Mo, where I come from, sex is a mutual thing, men can get pleasure as well as give it. Does this feel good Mo?" I told him as I slid my hand up and down his now growing jelly like penis.

"Yes it feels very good. Is that why it is growing without me telling it to?" He asked.

"Yes it is. Now don't let it grow too big." I assumed since he told it to grow, he can also tell it to stop. 

"I'm going to give you pleasure now Mo. I'm going to give you a blowjob. You just relax and let yourself enjoy it." I told him.

He sort of slouched and said, "Okay Gabriella, I will just enjoy. How will I know when it is time to squirt?"

I held back a giggle. "You will just know, don't worry about it, and just let it happen. Trust me Mo, you will love this." 

With that, I leaned forward and began giving a blowjob to the creature. His penis had grown to about twelve inches before he stopped it. It was smooth and hard, but yet supple. The head or end of it was shaped pretty much like a regular cut penis head now. The hand shape slowly changed as I jerked it. I took the head into my mouth and let my tongue run over and around it. Mo made a noise that I assumed was a moan and meant he liked it. 

I took as much as I could into my mouth and made my lips tight around it and slid them back up. He moaned again. I repeated that a few times then started to lick it up one side and down the other. At the base was a sack that sort of popped out of his jelly like body when his penis started to grow. It was pretty big but I took some of it into my mouth and sucked it. I returned my mouth to his dick and played with his balls with my left hand, while I used the right one as an extension of my mouth. 

He was moaning louder now and grunting, he was really enjoying it. I was lying against his blob like body and I felt it suddenly tense up, I suspected he was going to cum soon. He said, "It feels very good, something is happening to me. I don't understand this." He sounded almost in a panic.

I stopped sucking him and talked to him, but I kept jacking him off with my hand. 

"Mo, it's alright, just relax and let whatever is happening to you just happen. I think you are going to cum...have your first orgasm. Just enjoy it?"

He said okay and I was going to take him in my mouth again but then thought maybe I better not. When he cums, it could be a teaspoon or a gallon. I don't want to choke, so I just licked the shaft while stroking it and played with his ball sack.

Mo let out a loud sound, something between a high pitched squeal and a fog horn. I felt his whole body harden and then it happened. Mo had his first orgasm. As he made his noise, a stream of green fluid squirted out of his dick hard and fast. It puddle on the ground about six feet in front of us. 

I laughed and kept on jacking him, he shuddered some more and there were more squirts. About twelve in all until it just dripped out of his penis like a leaky faucet. I couldn't help myself, I licked a tiny bit and was pleasantly surprised. It tasted good, almost like a vanilla pudding. 

I sat up, "Well Mo, how was it? Did you like that?" I asked him.

Mo smiled a huge smile. "Oh yes Gabriella. That was the best feeling ever. I want to do it again."

Strangely, so did I. I wanted to pleasure him in everyway I could. I wanted to fuck him, I wanted him to eat my pussy too. 

"Mo, have you ever licked a girl's pussy? It gives a girl great pleasure and it will make your dick hard again too." I ask him.

"No" he said, "but I would like to do anything to repay your kindness." 

I was so happy. "Ok, this is what we will do..." 

I climbed up onto his immense belly and told him to hold me with his arm like penises. I spread my legs and told him to lift me to his face. I didn't have to say anymore, he seemed to know just what to do. I felt his tongue dart out and lick at my pussy, it felt so good, I knew it wouldn't be long till I was cumming all over his face. I decided to egg him on by talking to him. 

"Oh yeah Mo, lick my pussy, that's it big guy, lick it good." The more I talked the more intense his pussy eating became. "YES! Eat my pussy Mo, oh god yes that's so good. I'm going to cum all over your face. Lick me hard Mo, make me cum!"

I felt it start, my body shook and shivered and I came hard. I even squirted this time. Mo was lapping it up and grunting. I could feel his penises that were holding me up getting harder and harder. He kept licking and sucking at me even after my orgasm subsided. I was loving it, most guys just quit, but not Mo. He licked and sucked some more. To my immense surprise, I came a second time and still he didn't quit. Then a third, and fourth. I don't know how long he was eating my pussy but I didn't care. I had never experienced anything like this before and wanted to enjoy it as long as I could. 

Finally he stopped and he let me slid down his jelly like body till I came to his now erect penis again. He said, "I am ready again. Can you give me another blowjob now?"

I said, "I could but why don't we fuck. You had pleasure, I had pleasure, now let's share pleasure."

I turned around, ready to mount his stiff dick but stopped short.

"Mo, can you shorten that a bit?" It was about two feet long and very thick. I like a big dick but I don't want to be impaled.

He shrank it down to a lovely nine inches and I straddled it and lowered myself onto it. "Ahhhh" I sighed. It felt so wonderful. It filled me up completely and I began a slow rhythmic fucking of this well endowed creature. I felt his dick begin a light throbbing as I rode up and down on it. I was getting more and more turned on. I wanted him to throb and pulsate more so I began to talk to him as I had before. 

"Yes Mo yes, this feels so good. Your cock is so big and hard. It's the best cock I've ever had." It worked, he began to pulsate and throb harder and faster. I started bouncing up and down on his cock faster and slamming down on it. I was so horny. 

"I want to feel your cock explode inside of my wet cunt. Fuck me, fuck me fuck me." I chanted with each slam onto is belly. It felt incredible, like nothing I've ever felt before.

I started to tire out, so I lay forward and just rocked my pussy back and forth on his big dick. His cock actually took over and started growing and shrinking inside of me as I just lay there on his blob of a body. 

I moaned and he started imitating me saying, "fuck you, fuck you, fuck you". Then he began a dialogue, "I love your cunt, it is so wet and slippery and tight on my cock. You are so juicy. I love to bang your pussy. I want to bang it hard. So hard that you scream out my name. Do you like this big cock in your wet cunt? You like that do you not? Yes I am fucking you hard. Fuck you, fuck you!"

It was such a turn on hearing him talk dirty. So much so that I started to cum. "Oh my god MO! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...shit I'm cumming. I'm cumming!!"

Mo fucked me hard and fast as I came. When I was finished, he made that noise again, the same one he made before he came from the blowjob. I tried to get off of his dick but he held me on. "I am going to cum in your pussy, oh yeah, this is what you want..." and with that he shot his load, it was so much and so hard that I shot off of his dick and started to sail through the air. Just before I hit the ground, his lower penises caught me and lay me gently on the ground where I passed out.

When I awoke, I was alone and there was a puddle of green cum lying between my legs. I knew it hadn't been a dream. I called out for Mo, but he was gone. The sun was lower in the sky so I thought maybe I had better leave. But I would definitely be back. Mo was horrifying to look at at first but he was the best fuck ever.

To be continued... 