 Midori – Japanese; Green

Part 9

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Bo and Devlin stood guard at the cave entrance, scanning the horizon for the ship that they hoped would be their salvation. The three had been gone for several hours now, and the two soldiers struggled to keep their composed guise intact. Every minute that ticked away was another chink in their armor of the 'control' that they let the survivors see.

Mabyn had soon fallen into a restless sleep against Isabel's shoulder. The tall blonde had been entirely surprised at her ability to relate to the young girl. Despite her innate insecurity, Isabel had eased Mabyn's fear relatively easily. Soon after the girl initiated Isabel in conversation, Mabyn's eyes had softened; the childlike awe of Isabel in particular was amazing. Isabel knew that the commoners had always looked up to her, admired her, but she had never seen it first hand on such an intimate, innocent level. Mabyn was truly a wonder of souls.

Most of the survivors had drifted off into slumber in their waiting. Bo and Devlin had taken shifts to check their status, especially Koen's who seemed to hibernate in his position. They had noticed how he hadn't moved from his spot on the cold cave floor in several hours. His eyes were closed, but they both knew he wasn't sleeping. It was almost as if he was meditating, preserving his energy.

"How's our water?" Devlin asked softly, so as not to disturb the survivors.

"Full. Rylie made sure that our supplies were up to par." Devlin nodded at his answer, and Bo continued, "How much longer, do you think?"

Devlin turned to lean on the right side of the entrance wall, propping his right foot under his knee. "Dunno. Soon, I hope." He went about cleaning his weapon, extracting a rag from a back pocket of his pants.

"Yeah." Bo nodded, his green eyes never leaving the landscape in front of him. 

They fell into a silence, which had happened quite frequently in the hours that had passed on their guard duty. Devlin cleaned his weapon, Bo stood guard. While just two hours earlier Devlin had stood guard while Bo cleaned his weapon. 

"So, I gotta ask." Bo waited for Devlin to look up at him before he voiced his question. "Why did Will decide on Cantu?"

Devlin shook his head in the negative. "I dunno. It's the last place I want to go."

"Why's that?"

"When I was accepted into the army, my first rotation was on Cantu ... back in the day when the ports were still open. You know before that sandstorm that knocked out transmissions for like two weeks. Remember that?"

Bo nodded; a small smile graced his face at the memory. "Yeah, I was still in the academy."

"Ah man, you're dating me here." He shook his head, "That makes you, what – 24, 25?"

"22."

"Shit," Devlin mocked himself. He shook his head and sighed heavily. "Anyway, back then, Cantu was known as the 'Shit Rotation.' If you could survive Cantu's rotation, you could survive anything. No water, no sun, and when there was sun there was way too much. No electricity, 'cause most of it was solar. And all that fuckin' sand."

"Sounds like fun."

"It was hell. When they closed the military ports cause of the damage, I think I partied for a week straight. No bar was left untouched. But I gotta admit, it definitely roughed me up, got me ready for scouting and shit. Definitely helped."

Bo nodded, and turned to the landscape again, and his eyes grew large. "Holy shit!"

Devlin was at alert immediately, and his eyes acknowledged the same sight. Both watched as the Rumigan neared the cave. His toothy grin said, "There's the cavalry."

They turned to the survivors, clapping and saying loudly, "Everyone up! It's time to go. They're on their way. Let's go, let's go!" They spanned the cave, jostling the sleeping figures, and as their eyes cleared of the fog, they moved quickly, gathering supplies and readying themselves for their trip to a new planet.

Isabel helped Mabyn up, who at the moment was cranky from the rough awakening. She took the small girl in her arms, and soothingly rubbed her back, waiting for Mabyn to wake up fully. She clung to Isabel in her semi-sleep, her head resting instinctively in the crook of Isabel's throat and shoulder, and Mabyn's legs wrapping around the woman's thin waist.

Koen stood slowly, leaning against the wall, waiting for his leg to stop tingling. Sitting with his legs crossed for hours on end had caused his right leg to fall asleep ... painfully. He kept his eyes closed, avoiding as much human contact as possible. He had too much on his mind ...

"Are you ready to see Dominic?" Isabel asked Mabyn quietly. When she felt the girl nod, she continued, "He's on his way. He'll be here any minute."

"Really?"

Isabel nodded. 

"Uh huh." She neared the opening of the cave, and saw the small ship in the distance. "Look, Mabyn. There he is."

She pointed to the silhouette of the Rumigan. Mabyn scrunched her face in confusion. 

"He's in that?"

Isabel nodded. "Uh huh."

"Its kinda small."

Isabel thought for a moment, examining the ship. "Yeah," she said quietly to no one in particular.

"Alright, everyone. Listen up." Devlin clapped again loudly, assuming his leadership role quickly and efficiently. Everyone in the cave surrounded him, waiting for orders.

"I'm gonna give you the order that we leave the cave. It's women and children, then men. And I know, it might seem a little sexist, so ladies ... save it. I don't want to hear it." He missed Isabel's obvious eye roll.

"Here's what we're gonna do," Devlin said loudly getting the attention of everyone in the cave. "Bo goes first, with Isabel and Mabyn. You follow close behind. Bo's your guard," he said pointing to them in their corner. They nodded in agreement. 

"Rylie, you're next with the supplies." She nodded to the soldier. "You two are next," he directed to the two older men standing next to each other. "When you two leave the cave, I want you close to Koen – one of you on each side of him, shoulder length apart."

"Why?" the larger man asked in confusion.

"Because, you're going to be a shield for Koen."

He turned his attention to the quiet man standing in the very back. Koen's head popped up at the mention of his name.

"Koen, you're right after them. I want you to stay close to them, in case anyone is out there. They'll be flanking you, like a shield on both sides. Alright?" he asked the three, not expecting any answer but a yes.

The two older men assigned their position regretfully nodded, as if they had a choice in the matter. Koen replied, "Yeah," quietly, and noncommittally.

"Alright. I'll be last, covering everyone as they leave. Are we clear?"

"Is all this really necessary?" Isabel asked, drawing everyone's attention. Under their scrutiny, she faltered briefly, but continued nonetheless. "I mean, no one knows we're here, right?"

He sighed at the inquiry. Leave it to the Princess to question a seasoned soldier's reasoning. "True. But we have to be careful. Just because they shouldn't be here, and we can't see them, doesn't mean they aren't there. We have to protect the King." 

Isabel and Koen's eyes met at Devlin's last words. King? Isabel's eyebrows rose in question, and Koen shook his head at her, silently telling her to not bring it up. That was definitely a discussion for a later date. 

Isabel lowered Mabyn to the floor slowly in preparation. She needed to give her back a rest.

Removed from the group, Koen fought against the numerous voices and thoughts in his head, and he had to literally shake his head to help clear it. 

He sighed deeply through his exhaustion and confusion. He had wanted to sleep just for a few hours so desperately, but his brain just wouldn't rest. It was working overtime with the implications of their attempt at escape. There were so many 'what ifs' and unanswered questions. Too many chances at disaster and death.

As he cleared his mind, somewhat unsuccessfully, Devlin's last statement started to sink in. This could be my last chance, he thought. He kept his eyes down, and neared Isabel slowly, rounding the small group that was now centered at the entrance. "Iz?"

"Yeah?" she said quietly, recognizing Mabyn's now near-conscious state as she stood next to Isabel clutching her hand.

He took one second to question it, before he embraced her in a tight, brotherly hug. "Be careful, alright?"

She was slow to respond, but soon her hands rose and hugged him back. "Yeah. I will. You too."

He nodded against her shoulder. His heart raced in his chest at the anticipation. Someone could be out there; Devlin had admitted it outright. Someone could be out there waiting for them to leave. Waiting for him, but worse yet, waiting for her to leave. He couldn't lose Isabel too.

After several long moments, Isabel realized Koen's desperation. "Koen, I'm going to be fine, okay?" she reassured softly. "Everything's going to be okay. We're getting out of this."

She felt Koen pull away slowly, his back and shoulders stiff with emotion. She gasped at the look on his face when it came into view.

A small tear fell across his cheek as he responded passionately, "I can't lose you."

Her heart constricted in her chest, the aching feeling of loss surrounding her. "You won't," she promised. "You won't ever lose me, Koen."

He nodded jerkily and, attempting to lighten the suddenly dark mood, replied, "I'm going to hold you to that."

She smiled through her tears. "You better."

The moment was broken as they heard the ship appear and Devlin yell to them, "Isabel, front and center!"

Her eyes never left his as she vowed, "I'll see you on the ship."

He nodded, unable to respond.

He watched as she tugged on Mabyn's hand, guiding her to the entrance. The little girl was timid in the wake of the loud, abrasive sounds from the Rumigan, and shyly brought her hands up, silently asking to be held. Isabel was quick to embrace her in her arms again.

"Mabyn, are you scared?" she asked the little girl in her arms.

She felt her nod sadly.

"Close your eyes until I say to open them. You won't be so afraid, okay?"

The only response she got was Mabyn clinging to her neck tighter, and she assumed that Mabyn had agreed and shut her eyes.

They all stood watching as the small ship neared, turned, and lowered to the ground. The gate opened and, when the landing gear had settled on the gravel, Koen readied Isabel. 

"You ready?" he yelled over the sounds of the ship.

She hesitated, and took one lasting look over her shoulder to Koen. They held each other's gaze for several seconds, until Koen nodded. She attempted a smile in response, but knew she failed miserably.

She turned to Devlin, and said, "Yeah."

"Alright," he said, waiting for a signal inside. 

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Nic, get on the gunner." 

Before the sentence was finished William could see Nic sprinting from the cabin, down the corridor, and into the small outcropping on the ship, which held the controls of one of two gunners on the Rumigan. Will sat in his seat next to Alec, helping him guide the ship to the ground safely. Not all of the guidance equipment was working, and two men were needed to land the ship safely. 

All three were now wearing the comlinks, talking back and forth.

Nic's nerves were at high alert now that they were at the cave. He literally jumped into the seat of the gunner, controls in front of him. He had verified earlier that both gunners were fully operational. Another small wonder in their streak of luck. After pushing four buttons, switching the auxiliary button on, and strapping himself in, he animatedly told Will through the comlink, "Ready."

"Alright." He turned to Alec soon after, "Alec, buddy. You got this?"

Alec nodded silently, completely focused on the task at hand. His hands had long since stopped shaking. The adrenaline running through his body was an amazing sensation. He hadn't experienced anything even remotely close to it since training, some ten years ago. Which was about as long since he had been the pilot of a ship. He didn't think Will had noticed anything strange. Thank God.

Will took in his response, and pushed one button above him opening the gate, and pulled one to his right to release the landing gear. He unstrapped himself while saying, "Alright. I'm going to the gate. I'll let you know when to take off."

Alec nodded again while maneuvering the ship to turn. The rear end of the Rumigan now faced the entrance of the cave, and he heard the landing gear lower.

Will passed Nic's corner in the ship and, without stopping, yelled to him, "Nic?"

"Nothing yet. Its all quiet."

Will nodded, even though Nic couldn't see. "Don't hesitate to shoot. You see something, you kill it, understand?" he ordered thru the comlink as he entered the cargo bay.

"Yes sir," he confirmed, without an ounce of sarcasm. There wasn't time to think of a witty remark with his brain on overload anyway. All pretense of friendship fell away as their soldier personas took over.

Will came to the end of the ship, watching as the gate opened and the ship to land. The steam emitted from the ship, fogging his vision somewhat. The pressure lock gave, and the heat of the suns entered the ship. The steam cleared, and he saw the dark opening, Devlin standing guard and yelling something at Isabel, who was clutching the small child to her chest.

He frantically motioned for them to begin the exit, and Devlin nodded.

"Ready?" he yelled to the survivors. None were quick with a response, but Devlin wasn't expecting one anyway. It was merely an announcement of action. They were finally on their way to safety.

Bo clutched Isabel's arm tightly, saying more to himself then anyone else, "Here we go." He ran out first with laser gun in hand, quickly scanning his surroundings for any enemy. Isabel was close behind, Mabyn's grip so tight her air began to catch in her throat.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Do we engage, sir?"

Brody thought for a moment, and then shook his head. "No. Wait for the Prince."

"Yes, sir." The soldier maintained the position of the hovercraft and aimed his weapon at the entrance, waiting for his target to appear.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

They reached the gate soon after with no difficulty. William pulled them in quickly, squeezing her arm before motioning for them to go to the back of the cargo bay. There wasn't time for any discussion now. Later, when they were on their way to Cantu, he would engulf Isabel in the best hug he could muster. Right now he had other things on his mind. Knowing she was safe did wonders for his concentration.

"Get on the second gunner!" he yelled at Bo, who immediately obeyed and disappeared down the corridor. 

He motioned for the next survivor to enter.

Rylie was hesitant at first. Devlin pushed her forward and she bravely crossed the distance between her and the ship, carrying the first aid kits, water canteens, and food cases on her shoulders and back. Will pulled her in as well, and she stumbled over to Isabel and Mabyn, who were both seated in a ball, in a far corner of the cargo bay.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Alright, you boys ready?" Devlin inquired roughly, pulling the two men to the entrance of the cave. He stepped away quickly, not waiting for an answer. He didn't catch the dreading look that passed between the two.

"Koen? Its time to go, sir."

Koen nodded reluctantly. It wasn't that he didn't want to leave. He had to actively fight his body to not run out early. His hands literally shook with the anticipation of the event. But he certainly didn't want the two men who were now standing just before him, to possibly give their lives for him. He wasn't worth it. He had seen Isabel and Mabyn make it safely to the ship. And while they were by no means out of the woods, it had been a huge relief to witness Will pulling them to safety. 

He readied himself for the short run to the Rumigan, shaking his head to clear the fog. 

Rylie entered just seconds later, and Devlin was motioning for them to leave next. 

"Go fast, and don't look back," he instructed loudly over the continuing racket from the ship.

They all acknowledged the advice silently.

"Go! GO!"

The two men hesitantly began to run, literally for their lives, with Koen in between them.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Shit!" Brody said, as he saw through his binoculars the two men come into view, with Koen between them completely shielded.

He grasped the comlink in his hand and yelled loudly, "Engage! Engage!"

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Devlin had been scanning the landscape around them when the man on Koen's right fell hard to the ground. Devlin could see the yellow dart in his neck as he gasped for breath, red blood oozing into the brown dirt below him.

Koen caught movement on his right side, and saw the man on the ground, writhing in pain. "Oh God," he said breathlessly, and unknowingly slowed his progress in fright.

Devlin quickly took the man's position, not stopping to help the doomed man. There wasn't time. He pointed his gun in the direction the dart had come from, and shot off three quick blasts. Devlin grabbed Koen's tunic tightly and dragged him for several feet, shouting loudly, "Go! Go! Don't stop!"

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Will held out his hand, preparing to pull Koen to safety when he saw the man hit the ground hard.

"Oh shit," he mumbled under his breath. He had known all along. There had been someone out there. Damn it! 

"Nic!" he ordered through the comlink, still at the gate anticipating Koen's arrival.

"I don't see them! Where are they?!" Nic asked frantically.

"Fuck it, just shoot!"

Dominic unleashed his weapon, red laser shots emitted from the canister. Seconds later a large green bubble formed in the distance. The Neroan ship, a Midori, came into view as their cloaking device was destroyed, and the green bubble dissipated. A chain effect transpired, the mother ship's cloaking device failed and all connected ones did as well. The Midori was much larger than the Rumigan, a silver-green metal exterior, and a rounded, glass window in the front. Nic knew that the ensuing battle would be quite one-sided, unless another miracle was in their horizon.

"Engaged! I got 'em!" he yelled through the comlink. Soon after, he could hear Bo shooting as well. Both were shooting frantically at the two ships surrounding them, one Midori on each side of the Rumigan. Smaller hovercrafts could be seen, after their cloaking devices fell away too.

All hell broke loose.

Green lasers shot it one direction, red in another. Koen and Devlin scrambled to the Rumigan as they saw the other man on Koen's left fall hard as well. 

Will pulled Koen in roughly, Devlin shooting at the hovercrafts relentlessly. Two of the smaller ships went down hard under Devlin's wrath, blasting into pieces on the dirt; the third retreated quickly to a large Neroan ship in the distance.

"Alec, get us the fuck out of here!" Will yelled into his microphone. He hit the release for the gate above his head firmly, and moved to the corridor leading to the cabin. Devlin continued to shoot until the gate closed completely, and then huddled the survivors together.

"Everyone stay together. Don't move."

"Is everyone alright?" Rylie asked, examining the survivors quickly for any injuries. 

Koen took his seat by Isabel, clutching her and Mabyn to him fiercely. Isabel hid her face in his shoulder, as the image of the two fallen men resurfaced her parents' deaths behind her eyelids.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"What the hell happened?" Alec asked sternly, when he heard Will enter the cabin.

"We're surrounded, God damn it!" he cursed himself.

Alec's eyes grew large in acknowledgement, and returned to the controls in front of him. When he had heard William order their take off, he had acted swiftly, employing the thrusters, adding an extra boost for good measure and hopefully good luck, and retracted the landing gear.
