 Ben – Hebrew; Son

Part 13

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Their footsteps were hard and relentless against the clay and stone tunnel floor. Both young women turned several corners, headed to a large office that held their leader. They walked in silence, leaving each to her own thoughts. Cora’s eyes were a rigid green. Her shoulders were held back, giving her an air of confidence. Payton walked beside her somewhat withdrawn and disconnected, in deep thought.

“So, what do we tell Aron?” Payton asked as she curled a piece of her blonde hair behind her ear.

“The truth.”

Payton rolled her eyes at Cora’s bluntness. Of course they were going to tell him the truth. It never crossed her mind to tell him any differently. For everything that Aron had done for the citizens of Cantu, Aron deserved nothing but complete respect, honesty, and loyalty. Payton had been more than willing to put forth her efforts and support when Aron had asked for volunteers. She was still wondering, though, why she had to be partnered with Cora.

She chanced a look out of the corner of her eye at Cora. The girl was raw. So much anger and resentment, and she was only eighteen years only. She made Payton nervous … more so than she would like to admit. Half the time she was rationalizing their situation, attempting to talk Cora down from a dangerous decision that could mean their death or worse. They were so different it was frightening.

She hadn’t necessarily been surprised when Cora knocked Dominic out before they had even a chance to announce their position to the small group, or gave them a chance to surrender. Nor had she been surprised with Cora’s response to the group’s claim that they were Aevar royalty. She herself had doubted their claim. But violence was always her last resort. The opposite was Cora, who had a reputation of shooting first and asking questions later. Payton had learned quickly that, with Cora, nothing was certain. Except of course her loyalty. If she was nothing else, she was an outstanding partner and friend. Even despite the fact that to date she had probably taken ten years off of Payton’s life.

“Yes I know that,” she said. “But, how are we going to tell him? He’ll want details, Cora.”

“What’s your point?” Cora asked off-handedly. She had too many things on her mind to give Payton’s idle questions any real thought.

“Well, for starters, how about why we were in Zamora in the first place? Then there’s the fact that you injured a member of their party. Cora, how exactly do you plan to explain our discovery, analysis, detainment, briefing, and transportation of the royal survivors of Aevar?” She illustrated each point by counting them off on her fingers. When Cora continued to walk without responding, she ventured, “Are you going to tell him that you nearly gave the one a concussion?”

“If he asks.”

“ 'If he asks'. Fine, whatever.”

Cora sighed. “Payton, there is some information you do not offer. If they ask, you answer truthfully. But you do not offer it. You’re a soldier. There is protocol for everything, especially scouting missions. You get an assignment. You’re briefed on your objective. You fulfill that mission to the highest standard you can. Any and all question come later, when there’s actually time to think them through.”

Payton nodded, considering her point.

“I may have acted rashly back there. But it was in good faith that I had to protect the survivors of Cantu. For all we know that group back there is nothing more than a faction of Neroan soldiers trying to infiltrate our headquarters. While that might be very unlikely, I still needed to establish the fact that they are under our control. That we are in charge.”

“So I guess arguing with William ‘til you were blue in the face was just a job perk?”

Cora smiled at Payton’s joke. “Something like that.”

They turned a corner, and entered the last tunnel leading to Aron’s main office.

“Cora, do you think they’re telling the truth? Do you think they’re from Aevar?”

Cora stopped walking in the middle of the tunnel. Their short trek to Aron’s office was almost over, and she was quite anxious to see how Aron would respond to news that a man claiming to be the Prince of Aevar had landed on Cantu. But Payton’s uncertainty was palpable. She had never really questioned or argued with Cora before, at least, as far as Cora could remember. Payton was a steady, reliable partner, offering what she had and never complaining about what she didn’t.

The fact that she was questioning right now startled Cora slightly. But more so, it balanced her. For the first time her partner was not accepting Cora’s answer. She wanted a detailed analysis, she wanted proof, she wanted justification. Payton wanted to be an active player in their missions … in their partnership.

About damn time, she thought.

“I don’t know. That’s not really for me to decide.”

“What do you think will happen to them if Aron says they aren’t?”

Cora thought for a minute, considering Payton’s question. In all likelihood, Aron would have them executed. After all, it was acceptable given the conditions. But Cora found herself silently asking if it would really be justified. There had already been so many deaths. Would a few more really matter? 

“If they are lying, they are supposed to be executed.”

“I know,” Payton whispered. “But do you think he’ll do it?”

After slight hesitation, Cora shook her head. “No, I don’t think he would. That’s not the kind of leader Aron is. He’s not a tyrant. He’s not Cyrus. If he thinks they’re lying, he’ll probably incarcerate them; use them as leverage or something. They just don’t seem the type, ya know? They don’t come off as dangerous assassins. And, take into consideration they have a nine-year-old child with them …” she drifted off.

“Yeah,” Payton nodded. “What do you think happened to them? Why are they here?”

“William said they were escaping Cyrus,” Cora offered weakly. She honestly had no clue. Who in their right mind would want to come to Cantu? Especially now?

Suddenly agitated and nervous, Payton suggested, “Maybe after the raid, Cyrus hit Aevar.”

Cora nodded. “I was thinking the same thing.”

“The Festival would have been recently, right?”

Cora nodded, following her reasoning. “Yeah, and everyone on Aevar is there. And this year, Cyrus was invited.”

“Perfect opportunity,” Payton mumbled.

“But the King and Queen aren’t with them.”

“So, they’re either still on Aevar or …”

“Or they’re dead.”

The two soldiers stared at each other. Both had honestly thought that their lives couldn’t have gotten much worse after the raid of Cantu. Seems that Fate had it in for the small dune planet.

“Oh God,” Payton said under her breath, dropping her head and closing her eyes at the revelation. 

Cora put one hand on her partner’s shoulder in support. “Payton, listen. We don’t know anything yet. This could all just be a big misunderstanding.”

“Misunderstanding?” she questioned, raising her sorrowful eyes to Cora’s. “What is there to misunderstand, Cora? It makes perfect sense. Cyrus wouldn’t stop after he had Cantu. He didn’t stop. He went straight on to Aevar.”

Cora didn’t really have anything to say. She knew that Payton was probably right. In all likelihood, the King and the Queen were dead. If they had been alive, they would have accompanied the Aevar group and their children to Cantu. 

Sighing slightly and having no words to comfort her partner, Cora motioned to the door with her head. “Come on. Aron’s waiting.”

Payton nodded trying to relinquish the jumbled emotions now racing through her system. 

Cora knocked twice, two hard raps on the heavy door, and waited.

The wooden door opened slightly, and the two women were met by a face of a young boy. His eyes were blue and his face was tanned. He was probably no more than twelve, but looked several years older because of his height.

“Yes?”

“Reporting to Aron, mission status.”

The boy nodded and stepped back slightly, opening the door for the two soldiers to enter. Cora’s gun was still slung across her shoulders and back, and Payton had done the same. They each stood side by side in the large room in front of a desk that held a flame lamp. The light was low in the room, but had just enough that Aron could read reports well enough. 

Aron looked up from his papers and smiled. 

“What have you got for me girls? Good news, I hope.”

Payton and Cora exchanged a look, which did not go unnoticed by Aron.

“I guess that depends, sir.”

Aron’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion and concern “How so?”

“We took prisoners.”

Aron’s brows went from crumpled to grazing his hairline quickly. “Prisoners? Neroan?”

“No sir. They said they were Aevarian.”

He leaned back in his chair slightly, taking in the information. Aevarian prisoners. That just didn’t sound right. 

“What were they doing here? On Cantu?”

Another look was exchanged between the two women. 

Neither could tell if Aron would actually believe the story. Not that they had made it up; it was, in fact, very real. Cora found herself thinking how ironic it was that the most unbelievable stories were often times the most factual.

Payton spoke, her voice low and muffled by her anxiety. “They said they were escaping Cyrus.”

Aron’s facial expression didn’t change, but behind his eyes the wheels were spinning quite rapidly. Cyrus? Aevar? Refugees? It couldn’t be … could it?

“How many are there?” His voice was tight with adrenaline. But it wasn’t the fearful adrenaline. This sensation running through his body was from anticipation – expectant, nervous adrenaline. It was the type that heated his blood, and sped his heart in preparation for something that he had anticipated for quite some time. Years in fact.

“Nine all together.”

“Nine. Are they well? Any injuries?”

Cora hesitated.

“Well, one may have a slight concussion.”

Payton grinned internally. So Cora followed her own advice. Good to know, she noted. She might not have wanted to admit to that, and she hadn’t given Aron the full account of how Dominic got the ‘slight concussion.’ But she didn’t withhold information either. She was just answering Aron’s questions. In her own way, of course.

Aron nodded. Only one injury for evading Cyrus and his men was pretty good considering the extent of damage Cyrus did on Cantu. If their dune planet was any indication, Cyrus must have torn Aevar apart. Aron found himself thinking about Aevar for the first time in years. If the prophecy was finally being fulfilled, the King was dead. He wasn’t sure how to feel about that fact. If it was true, if the survivors were who they said they were, Aron had lost his best friend to a tyrant. But in Eamon’s death, Cyrus would ultimately be conquered. Eamon’s death was a catalyst for extraordinarily things to come. Aron could only hope that his death would not be in vain.

“Where are they now?”

“The office on the east wing.”

Aron stood from his chair.

“Ben?”

The boy from before entered the room from a side door that led to an adjacent, smaller room.

“I’m going to the east wing. Would you go and have Elizabeth meet me there, please?”

The boy nodded and ran off quickly.

Aron was a jumble of nerves. He hadn’t expected this to happen so … unexpectedly. He knew these events would transpire. He had known for eighteen, almost nineteen years. But over the course of time, the full implication of the prophecy had lost its impact. He had focused his energy on raising and training Elizabeth. And then recently, he had organized the survivors of Cantu. The fact that he could forget the impending death of the King of Aevar unsettled him.

“What are you going to do?” Payton asked quietly.

Aron brought his eyes up to the young women in front of them. In a voice that he hoped was reassuring, he said, “Question them. And you’re coming with me.”

Cora nodded and turned to follow Aron as he exited the office. Payton did the same soon after.

To the three, the walk to the east wing seemed to take forever. Every step felt light and eager, but they couldn’t seem to walk fast enough. Their patience was wearing thin: Payton and Cora anxious to see Aron’s reaction to the prisoners, Aron hopeful that all he had done over the years was enough.

They rounded the final corner, and saw Liz waiting for them outside the door. She looked up as she heard their footsteps, and cast a questioning glance at Aron, and then at Cora.

Aron answered her before she could voice her question. “Cora and Payton took prisoners today. I wanted you to be here while I interrogate them.” She nodded without complaint or question.

Cora and Payton retrieved their weapons from their backs and aimed them at the door and the unseen figures on the other side. Cora nodded at Payton, who unlocked the door and opened it slowly. Cora entered first doing a quick sweep of the room to assure that no one had a weapon drawn in preparation. Satisfied, she stepped aside and Payton, Aron, and finally Liz entered. Payton and Cora kept their weapons handy, but downcast.

The nine Antarians looked up at the sound of the lock disengaging and the door opening.

Aron took a visual inventory of the group. Eight adults, and one child. All awake and alert, and staring at him as if trying to determine if he were an enemy or ally.

He put a tentative but welcoming smile on his face, and said, “Hello. I apologize for your wait. I came as soon as I was told you were here.” He couldn’t tell who was who with any certainty. But he had a pretty good idea that the Prince was the young man withdrawn from the group, leaning against the wall. The young man that held piercing eyes at Elizabeth. The young man that hadn’t lifted his gaze from her since she entered the room.

“Cora and Payton tell me you’re from Aevar. Is this true?”

Will stepped forward. “Yes. We came here hoping to escape Cyrus.”

Aron smiled. “And instead you were met with Cora. Not a fair trade, is it?” Cora enthusiastically rolled her eyes.

Aron’s joking eased the tension in the room considerably, most shoulders sagging in relief that he was welcoming them.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

She’s beautiful.

Those were the only two words Koen could think in the few minutes since the mystery woman had entered the room. He was captivated and enthralled. She was intriguing and inspiring. She was everything he had hoped for and thought possible, and he hadn’t event talked to her yet.

It wasn’t just her physical beauty that entranced him, though. Yes, she was gorgeous. Dark, chocolate brown hair hanging low on her back in straight silky waves. Big, expressive brown eyes that she kept guarded, but held so much promise at the same time. Her thin waist and small stature were in direct conflict with her physical strength, he could tell. She seemed very strong. At least strong enough to wield the four-foot blade that she kept slung across her back. 

Her physical beauty was only outdone by her presence, her authority … her aura. She was beautiful, inside and out. She may have been a soldier or warrior, but her heart was pure. She was untainted, even when her planet had been overrun and destroyed. She held no malice. Even now, looking at the new inhabitants of their secret cave, she was not planning on killing them, secretly formulating an attack. She instead studied them. She brought her eyes from one member to the next, reading them with her eyes, determining if they were friend or foe.

His heart stilled when her eyes fell on his. He couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t think. All he saw were the large, brown eyes staring directly into his golden ones. The voices around him drifted off into a muffled blur, and he seemed to have his own silent conversation with the woman across the room. He wanted to fall into her, to know her, to learn everything about her there was to know. He didn’t even know her name, and yet he felt as though he knew her intimately, without exchanging any words.

And then the moment was broken when her eyes left his and landed on Isabel.

His lungs burned with the need for oxygen, and he hadn’t realized he had been holding his breath for quite so long. It had been so easy for her to move on, to not be stirred or absorbed by the connection that they had shared in those few moments. He had been moved beyond thought, and she had felt nothing. How stupid he must be to think she would feel anything for him. He chastised himself for jumping to conclusions. He didn’t know anything yet. Be Koen vowed that he would … and soon.

The voices of the room began to filter back into his consciousness as he became aware of his surroundings.

“Let me introduce myself.” He extended a hand to Will. “My name is Aron.” Koen’s eyes flew to the older man now standing in front of Will.

Will shook his hand affably. “William. It’s good to meet you.” 

Aron nodded and turned to his right. “I’m assuming you’ve already met Cora and Payton.”

Everyone nodded, and Will smirked. Cora glared.

Turning to his left, he put a hand on Liz’s shoulder, and said, “And this is Elizabeth. Another soldier in our camp.”

Will nodded and then turned to his group. He began listing each member pointing as he went. “This is Bo and Devlin, Rylie, Alec, that’s Nic and Mabyn there, Isabel, and finally …”

Without another word, Aron stepped forward, and offered a hand to Koen. “It’s an honor to meet you, Prince Koen.”

Everything went still at Aron’s words. Will had not said anything to Aron about Koen being the crowned Prince of Aevar. He had just known. How was that possible? Had he once been to Aevar and had seen them in a Festival or other occasion? Why hadn’t he said anything before? Why did the name Aron seem so familiar?

Koen’s gaze never left Aron’s as he lifted his hand to Aron’s.

“Same to you, Aron. How long has it been?”

“Too long. You were two years old when I left.”

“Eighteen years is a long time,” Koen said absently. “Father spoke of you often.”

Aron closed his eyes and lowered his head, nodding absently. 

Everyone in the room except the two engaged in conversation was stunned silent. These two men had practically never met, and yet they knew each other quite well. It seemed impossible, and yet just another item on the list of recent impossibilities.

Aron asked the question that had been plaguing him since Cora and Payton had informed him of their Aevarian guests. “It was the Festival, wasn’t it?”

Koen nodded.

With a regretful voice, Aron spoke. “We have much to talk about. But, I’m sure you are all hungry and tired, yes?”

When everyone agreed, Aron turned to Payton and instructed her to have sleeping quarters prepared and meals delivered. She left quickly.

Aron spun to address the entire room. “I’m sure you have many questions and quite a story to tell, but you need to rest. Cora and Elizabeth will see you to your rooms.”

He left soon after, and the group of eleven left the office.

Minutes later, they entered the south wing that was primarily used as a dormitory. 

Cora stopped at one door on the right side of the passageway, and opened it. There were two bunks, a small table, and a lamp illuminating the room. The beds were already made and there was a small bowl of fruit and a plate of breads and cheeses waiting. She instructed Bo and Devlin as they entered the room that the next meal would be served in six hours in the dining hall, located in the north wing. “Just follow the herd,” she said.

Liz stopped soon after on the left, and opened the door to a similar room. Rylie and Alec entered and Liz gave them similar instructions about dinner. Both were too tired to question the sleeping arrangement, and were asleep before Liz closed the door behind them.

Cora offered the next room to Isabel, who was holding a sleeping Mabyn. 
