 (Hey, this is my first time ever writing a story like this and hopefully not my last. Constructive criticism is welcome but please don't be rude. Enjoy the story and comment if I should make more. Thank you!) 

The story of how I broke out of my shell. A story of romance, and secrets that may lie beyond where true love resides. Most of all, it's the story about her.

Friday 17:00 - At the coffee shop down the road from her apartment...

Staring out the window into the streets where cars and busses were flying down the road. I thought deeply on something she had said to me recently. On the table was a fresh cup of coffee, still steaming and beside it a plate of complimentary biscuits. If it weren't for her, I wouldn't have even been there, probably still curled up in my blankets. A gentle touch on my thigh snapped me out of my thoughts. There she was, beautiful yet so powerful, graceful but with such pride, the love of my life, my Rose. She had that cheeky grin across her maw as she scooted me further down the chair so that she could sit. Her fine, crimson hair tied back lazily gave her that ragged look. In the corner of her mouth was a cigarette, bent slightly from her biting too hard on the bud. Two furred combat boots slammed on the table, causing the coffee to spill a few drops. Yup, she's my joy.

With a hard exhale, she blew a thick cloud of the smoke in the opposite direction of me. Her hand still on my thigh although I doubt she even thought about it. She closed her eyes for a few moments before looking over at me "Can you fucking believe this place?". Not knowing what to do, I simply shrugged nervously and wiped the droplet of coffee sliding off the mug. "I mean-" she paused to take the cigarette out of her mouth "the joe here is some other-level shit!", that goofy smile of her's. My fingers trailed a few of the raven strands out of my eyes and I blushed lightly.

It all began a couple of months ago when I first met her. Ever since that day of sheer luck, I've loved her with my heart and soul. And I believe that she feels the same even though she's never told me. I haven't told her either but that's because of my one problem. Unlike all the other boys and girls that could speak their mind and enjoy socializing, that's always been out of my reach. Although, even with my disability, Rose still cares about me. My mutism has never really been a problem for me, I suppose. She gives me hope in the world. For a while now, we've been together, going to movies or bars and I've seen her get into her fair share of fights. Just the other day, we went down by the coast to dip our feet in the ocean. That's the day when I started worrying.

Last Sunday - at the beach...

We were walking along the coast for a while before she decided to sit near the ocean in the golden grains of sand. A whiskey bottle in her one hand and it was clear that she was pretty tipsy. Quite literally slipping onto her ass, that's where she decided to sit with her elbows propping herself up. I chuckled softly to myself and sat beside her. My knees pressed against my chest tightly as I hugged them. Compared to her, I looked thin, not anorexic but it still made me feel uncomfortable about myself. Not only that, but my hair was a dull black that hung to the lower of my back. She's perfect in every way possible. Well endowed body which her tank top showed without obstruction. Tanned legs exposed most part because of the tiny jean-shorts she wore. I always tried to cover most of my body up with hoodies and tracksuit pants because I've always been insecure. 

She stared out at the deep blue, taking a swig of her whiskey. Shifting uncomfortably in the sand, I glanced at her. The way the sun glistened off her body like a blessing and to me that's exactly what she is. Her gaze shot to me all of a sudden, instantly raising a red hue to my cheeks as I looked away. "Eve..." She started "I've been thinking..." her voice seemed to trail off. I heard the sand rustle so I turned to see what she was doing. Soft lips crushed against mine. The feeling of her kisses would never get old but it still caught me off-guard. My cheeks probably glowing with a bright pink, I pulled away from her slowly. She was on her all fours and staring at me longingly. It was like she was hungry with some sort of lust but I passed it off as the alcohol. Still, seeing her like this made me very afraid. She crawled over me, grabbing my shoulders and pushing me gently onto my back as we locked lips again. This was getting dangerous!

I wanted to squirm out of her grip and run away. My secret couldn't be exposed, especially not to her. But I couldn't move. It's not like she was being rough with me or stopping me from leaving so why couldn't I? My body trembled underneath her sexual intentions that I knew were fueling her at this moment. Her tongue explored my mouth and wrestled my own with a certain expertise. I gasped for air as she ended the hot lock, a strand of saliva connecting our lips. She stared down at me and I could tell that something was weighing heavily on her thoughts. That's when she said it "I want you, Eve...I know that you're scared and I won't force you, baby. For you, I'll wait until the end of the Earth". A long and shaky breath escaped my lips as she said it. For a moment, I was absolutely lost in her words and actually thinking about giving myself to her. 

Then I felt a certain discomfort stirring in my crotch. Looking down I saw a large bulge protruding in my pants and that very secret that I needed to hide from the world. I whipped out of her grip as fast as I possibly could and stood up to pull my hoody down to conceal it. She didn't see anything, thank God. I felt her hand on my shoulder a few moments later and she whispered in my ear from behind "I'm sorry, Eve. I shouldn't have rushed you". The guilt I've felt since that day had been killing me on the inside just because I'm too afraid to show her my secret. I'm a girl with both male and female sexual parts, or the word I prefer to use is freak. It's a curse since birth and the reason why I hate myself so much...

Back at the coffee shop...

"Hey, are you okay?" Rose looked at me thoughtfully and nudged my arm softly. It broke me out of my thoughts with an obvious blush on my cheeks. I nodded and gave a reassuring smile although she didn't buy it. Biting the inside of her lip, she lingered a gaze on my eyes as if searching for the truth "Anyways...I've got something special planned for tonight but I just hope that the weather doesn't bomb it for us". The statement made me glance out the window. She was right, there was barely any sunlight anymore and the grey clouds were creeping closer. Damn, we had such great plans that night. I sighed, backing away from the window and grabbing one of the biscuits to nibble on quietly. Silence was pretty common between us, partly because I couldn't speak so the conversations were always one-sided, and partly because we both liked the quiet. I sipped on the coffee and looked out the window again so I could drift off into thought.

We ate there and the weather was only getting worse. About an hour passed before we decided to get going with our date. I must say, I was pretty anxious to see what she had in store for us. Every time we've been out, she's found a way to put a smile on my face and I was counting on it. "Come on, you're gonna go crazy over this place!" She stood up and gestured to help me from the chair which I accepted glibly. As soon as I was up on my feet, she pecked my lips playfully before leading us out the coffee shop. Both of us crashed when we stepped foot outside. Light drizzles of rain had started, quickly growing into a storm. She brushed a hand through her hair "Fuck". I wrapped my arms around her waist and hugged her gently to try and say that it was okay. We stood like that for a while, just watching the rain get more intense until Rose suddenly got an idea.

She gripped my hands to pry them from the hug, turning around to face me with a large, coy grin. A shiver went down my spine from the sight of her like this. Without her even saying anything, I knew what she was thinking. "Eve, your house is pretty far from here. It would be a shame if you walked home in this storm, wouldn't it?" I gulped. She really was doing what I thought. "You know, you could spend the night at my apartment if you want" she said it in such a way as if knowing what my answer would be. Calling a cab would be useless since I spent all my cash at the coffee shop. Same thing if I wanted to buy an umbrella. Just like that, I was trapped with only one exit. I've never been inside her apartment because I didn't feel safe being anywhere alone with her. Without a doubt, she would try something with me and I don't know how many times I can say no before she leaves me.

Nodding slowly, I looked down in utter defeat. That grin spreading like wildfire across Rose's face, she grabbed my arm "Oh stop acting like it's so bad! It'll be fun". Like that, we headed for the towering building across the street.

In the apartment building...

With a few rough jerks, she got her door to open with a loud crack. Already, this wasn't looking to be a 'fun' night. I stepped in the room and was pleasantly surprised with it. Despite her dozens of posters on the walls of games and music, the room was neat and tidy. She pushed me into the room for a few more steps when I heard the door shut behind us and locking. I turned to face her. Now I was alone with her in a locked room. My body shook slightly with the thought of what she would do, backing away from her slightly. She turned and began to walk for me with that same look in her eyes. Then, she shocked me. 

Her hands gripped my waist gently and she pulled me into a tender hug, brushing her cheek against mine. "I know what you're thinking, baby. But I'm better than that...I told you that I would wait until you're ready, no matter how long that takes". Trembling in her soft embrace, I felt a tear swelling in my one eye. I felt so bad for doing that to her because in truth, I didn't think I would ever give her what she wanted. Too afraid that she wouldn't accept me for the disgusting thing I was. Soon, my tears started to flow freely down my cheeks and I nuzzled into her neck for some comfort. She could tell that I was crying even though she didn't know the reason. Everything else faded but the worry she felt for me, hugging me tightly and shushing my cries. Her hands ran up and down my back softly "Please don't cry, Eve. I love you...". 

My heart skipped a beat as she said those words. Shakily looking up at her, a smile tugged at my lips before fading again. Now I felt more guilty than ever. I'd deceived her into loving someone that's been lying to her since the beginning. She captured my lips in a long and sensual kiss, each second bringing forth another stream of tears. I couldn't take it any longer!

I lifted my hands up to her chest and shoved her away from me as hard as I could which really wasn't that strong. Still, it got her off me. I went stumbling backwards onto her couch, still sobbing into my hands. Rose had her back on the door as she stared at me with a hard expression, not one of anger but worry. "Eve, what's wrong?" she stepped forward and knelt down in front of the couch to pull my hands away from my face. "Baby, you can trust me with anything. Please, just stop crying". The fact that I couldn't talk only made it harder for her. I lowered my hands and stared into her bright green hues for a long time. We remained like that, just sharing a gaze with each other. When I finally gave in to her. If I kept this a secret from her for any longer then it would only hurt her more in the end. Sucking in a deep inhale, I took her hand and stood up to guide us to the bathroom. That was the breaking point in our relationship. If she didn't accept this part of me then it would be the end of us but I couldn't lie to her anymore either. It wouldn't be fair...

The bathroom door shut behind us and I walked to the furthest side to face her. She eyed me curiously, secretly fearing me and anxious at the same time. I nodded to myself and closed my eyes. Hooking the sides of my pants with my thumbs, I very slowly lowered them, my silky skin exposed to her gaze. My pants flopped to the ground but my hoody was baggy enough to cover my panties. She remained speechless but bit her bottom lip softly as she looked me up and down. With shaky hands, I gripped the zip of my hoodie and yanked down, unclipping it and for the first time in my life, showing my greatest secret. My panties were pitched up like a tent where my hard length was standing at attention. I kept my eyes closed, not wanting to see her reaction because I knew it would be bad.

I heard a gasp, followed by footsteps that were coming closer to me. "So this is why..." Rose had pieced everything together. My body was shaking violently from the embarrassment and my cheeks were flushed. "Eve..." I allowed my eyes to open. She stood in front of me but she didn't look like she was afraid or disgusted with me. Unable to move, I stared at her and swallowed hard. Her entire aura seemed to be glowing with some sort of vibe. Suddenly, she kissed me again but unlike anything I've ever felt before. She pulled away and cupped my cheek gently "How could you be so silly? To think that I would love you less because of something like this". Those words made the corners of my mouth twitch, breaking into a smile as more tears swelled. Rose hugged me again and rubbed my back "I love you more than anything, Eve. That will never change. You're beautiful just the way you are...". 

For some reason, I couldn't stop crying. Maybe it was from relief or happiness or even the embarrassment but it felt good. We kissed for a long time until I eventually stopped crying. She had her arms wrapped around me so comfortingly and the way her body's heat radiated between us, I was quickly getting lost in her. That's when she stepped away from me, much to my disappointment. I covered my secret with both hands and looked at the floor. The embarrassment finding it's way back into me. "Um, this may be a weird question but have you ever, ya know? Played with it?" she asked and pointed at my crotch. I shot my gaze at her with my whole face red. I shook my head furiously from side-to-side. Why would I ever touch in that way? It's disgusting and unladylike to even think about doing something that wrong. She didn't seem too surprised that I hadn't ever masturbated before "Oh Eve...there's nothing wrong about doing it". Again, I somehow blushed even more. Wherever she was going with this, I was very scared of what the outcome would be.

Stepping forward, she began to slide off her tanktop and discard it onto the floor. Of course, she wasn't wearing a bra... I looked away from her, not daring to even glance at those perfect mounds. She unzipped her jean-shorts, letting them glide down her tender thighs. Her hand brushed up against my side and I trembled as she began to lift my shirt. I didn't want to fight her. It felt wrong to oppose her at this point after I've kept this a secret from her for so long. My shirt fell and I stood in my underwear before her hungry stares. Next was her panties and just like that, she was completely bare in front of me yet I still wouldn't look in her direction. Rose planted a kiss on my cheek, gripping my chin gently to make me look into her eyes. God, she was so beautiful. "So, you've never even felt what it's like to have an orgasm?" she questioned me. This time, I simply went along with it. I nodded slowly, a certain pride in me that I've never given it to my temptations. "Is it because you're afraid or do you think it's bad?" her tone was soft. Again, I nodded, diverting my eyes from her's. There was a long pause before she asked her next question "Do you love me enough to let me show you?". The way she said it made it so hard for me to deny her. Looking into her eyes again, I nodded with a bright pink hue in my cheeks.

XXX

Rose had gotten the bath all nice and steamy for us. She was already undressed so she slid down into the soothing waters. The way it rippled from her subtle movements. I remained standing, holding my hands in front of my panties as I still felt the need to hide it. She leaned back in the warmth and let out a long sigh of relief before looking over at me "It's pretty lonely in here..." she said in that teasing voice. It made me shake slightly but I wasn't about to disappoint her. This was to make up to her for lying all this time. I first unclipped my bra, putting it neatly in the sink. My breasts weren't even close to matching Rose's in size, at least a cup smaller. Uneasy about this, I looked at her but she simply gestured for me to keep going. And that's what I did. I touched the trim of my bulging panties and counted to three. With a quick tug, my cock was free, erect and twitching. It was a sheer 11 inches long of pulsating lust that I've denied for my whole life. Underneath it where the balls should have been was my pussy, moist from the sight of Rose naked. She didn't look at it because she knew it would make me feel uncomfortable. Instead, she kept her eyes locked on mine "Come in, baby, the water's perfect". 

The fact that she wasn't freaking out about this had made me feel some comfort. I covered my length as I stepped toward the bath, touching the water with my toes. So hot on my skin. Rose eyed me out intently but didn't do anything to rush this process. She would take this easy, one step at a time. Still nervous about her seeing me like this, I sat in the tub with my back facing her as I stared down into the water. Her bath was quite large come to think of it. She leaned back into the slope of the tub and outstretched her legs so that they squeezed through on either side of me. "Lay down, you're gonna love this. Trust me" her voice was so gentle and warm just like the water. Nodding, I awkwardly fell back as she guided me upwards. 

My body tensed up as I felt her breasts squish into my back and the next thing I knew her hot breath was on my neck. She caressed my sides, trailing each finger along my ribs. Heavy breaths escaped my lips from her soft touches and soon I was trembling in her embrace. "Shh, baby..." the words whispered so delicately in my ear "Don't be afraid". It made me stop shaking and I felt my body loosening up to her, needing her. As her touches glided up to my chest, I emitted a soft mew and closed my legs tightly. She cupped each of my breasts softly to squeeze and maul them. Pinching the hard nubs, she licked the back of my neck and started to nibble on my earlobe. Oh my God, it was amazing. 

She danced her fingers down the flat of my tummy and to what she desired the most. I panicked and grabbed her hands quickly as I panted heavily from fear. Just like that, she stopped. As if knowing exactly what I was thinking, she whispered into my ear "Eve, there's nothing wrong with this or you. I'm doing this because I love you...". With a long pause, I slowly began to open my legs but I still felt very scared about this. What if she doesn't like it?

We both watched as her hand trailed down to my throbbing length. My breathing becoming hot and heavy from the thought of what it would feel like. Then it happened. She touched the base of my cock and ran her fingers to the tip, sending shockwaves of pleasure through my body. I mewed and gripped the sides of the bathtub. Rose was stroking my member in long, cool strokes like the waves crashing on the beach. Such soft hands that it felt like a cloud was massaging it. Behind me, she was kissing my neck and whispering sweet words to me but I was so fixated on the sensations that I wasn't paying attention. It didn't take long before I was feeling an unfamiliar stirring in the lower of my stomach, tingling up my cock.
