 The thing in the tank beneath him was getting restless. He could hear it moving in the ooze that kept it alive, soft little keening cries only just audible through the thick, bullet proof glass. It was hungry and he, Kite, was its meal.

He squirmed slightly against the padded metal sling that held him suspended above the tank. It might have been comfortable if he wasn't facing the tank. The only things keeping him to the sling were the series of thick leather cuffs and his weight pressed against them painfully. His entire body ached with the stress of trying to keep his body tense.

Kite was completely naked, except for a blindfold, and the room he was in was being kept cold, presumably because the thing in the tank preferred it that way. Or maybe they just liked to see him shiver.

He could hear them too. The viewing public, waiting none too patiently for the moment his case was decided. Theft was a pathetic and petty crime and the Alderi people liked to punish its criminals accordingly. A page had been set up for him on the Criminal Punishment site and, eventually, enough votes would tally up on one side of the argument or the other and he would be acquitted or the thing in the tank got its meal. Kite had watched similar punishments being dealt out and he was ashamed to say he'd very much enjoyed the spectacle. Some people enjoyed it so much, they'd pay to watch from the gallery that surrounded the room Kite was hung in.

Kite could imagine the slick tentacles sliding up from the tank, leaving a trail of ooze up his inner thigh... He felt himself twitch in response to the thought and told himself to think about something else.

The problem was, he almost wanted the vote to go against him. He'd watched others be given to the creatures like the one below him and he'd watched the horror turn to reluctant then overwhelming pleasure. He'd watched them writhe, buck, scream for more. The only true punishment was the humiliation, in Kite's mind anyway. Kite had no-one to be humiliated by, no-one who'd judge him for craving those slick, sliding tentacles. 

The thing sloshed around in its ooze and Kite wondered if it could sense his excitement. It did, after all, feed on cum, so perhaps it was sensitive to others emotions. Maybe it just detected his heartrate rising.

He hung there for another half an hour, listening to the shifting of butts on seats, small coughs and muted conversation. He guessed that many of the viewers in the gallery would be keeping themselves amused with vibrating butt plugs and dildos. Their calm, serene smiles would hide the fact they were building themselves slowly to the first of, they would hope, many wonderful orgasms. He had seen punishment sessions where the entire viewing gallery was one massive gangbang once the punishment really got going. Those sweet, innocent smiles were replaced with wicked grins, wide, open expressions of pure ecstasy and, of course, hidden completely behind someone's thrusting ass as they took a mouthful of cock.

Something hit the top of the glass tank with a dull thunk. The thing could definitely sense him struggling to keep calm. His cock was starting to get hard and he realised it must be showing because whispers came from the viewing gallery.

Suddenly, a cool female voice spoke. 'The vote has now closed. Kite Liro, you are sentenced to three hours with the Xylax, after which you will be free to go. Your punishment will begin in five minutes.'

A cheer went up from the viewing gallery and Kite felt his cock harden. He was going to get it. The best fuck of his life, here and now. 

There was a click of machinery and then the sling was rotating, turning him round so he was sitting on it, like he was lying on a couch, his ass significantly lower than the rest of him. His legs were spread out and there was a large portion of the seat bit around his ass that was completely missing. The sling shifted further, keeping his ass low but bending his back slightly and tilting his head back. It was, Kite reflected, actually quite comfortable, like lying on the edge of his bed, with his head and shoulders dangling over the side.

The blindfold, a screen resting over his eyes, folded back and disappeared behind Kite's head. 

Finally, the sling was moved upwards, until Kite was ten foot from the ground. He knew they did this purely to ramp up the tension before the moment of first contact.

The cool female voice came back after what felt like a minute to announce, 'Punishment will now commence.'

Kite heard, but couldn't see, the sound of the tank lid sliding back and then the ooze as it lapped against the sides. The gallery let out an 'ooo' and he watched a man above him, to his right bend, his partner over the viewing rail and slip several fingers into his ass. A woman further along also had her partner over the rail and was merrily adding weights to the man's nipple clamps. Kite could see his cock straining against a chastity cage. Kite looked left and saw two slaves sharing a double ended dildo as they looked down on him, their master watching over them with a small smirk. 

He would have watched for longer but a cold, slimy touch on his ass diverted his attention. It slipped further up his leg, exploring him, leaving a trail of ooze as it went. The sensation might have been disgusting if Kite's mind hadn't been so firmly fixed on what it was going to feel like when that tentacle slipped inside of him. It was now at the top of his thigh then buried in his crotch, all too swiftly passing over his cock, although Kite thought it might have linger for a moment on the very tip which was probably slick with precum - he couldn't tell with his head tipped back. His cock felt cold, though, covered in ooze and he began to lose some of the hardness. 

Another tentacle joined the first and went straight for his head. Kite saw it coming, the appendage a mottled black colour, completely smooth and tapered to a point. It slid over his short hair and down his forehead, using only the tip as if it knew this was a delicate area. It found his mouth but merely passed over his lips, oozing all the way and Kite found the ooze to be ever so slightly sweet and... sort of refreshing. It wasn't cloying or thick at all. He poked his tongue out from between his lips to get a proper taste. Definitely refreshing. Like a cool glass of water on a hot summer day. 

The tentacle passed over his lips twice more before it delicately probed his lips, barely putting any pressure behind the action at all. Kite's lips parted for it and the tentacle probed further then backed off, allowing his lips to close. Then it was pressing against them again and again Kite let it open him. He could feel the other appendage slipping along his legs, testing, exploring.

The tentacle withdrew once more and returned and slowly, the thing fucked his mouth, pushing a little more inside of him every time, until he was taking five inches of tentacle and starting to gag on it. The moments were so slow that he had a good five seconds of no air before the tentacle slipped away. It was excruciatingly pleasurable. The slick, thick tentacle with its ooze, the inevitability of it, his body completely pinned, his mouth at the mercy of the creature. And so, so slow. 

Then Kite began to notice the tip starting to bulge and he knew what happened next. Each tentacle had the ability to grow or shrink as it wished and each was very sensitive, especially when the thing in the tank expanded the area its nerved ends were touching. 

The tentacle slowly grew a bulbous head as it fucked his mouth, until it could barely fit the girth through Kite's stretched lips. Perhaps sensing this, the tip stopped growing. It continued to slowly, gently but insistently slide the bulbous head in and out of Kite's mouth.

Meanwhile, the other tentacle had been joined by several others and they were slipping over his skin with increasing excitement, pulling at his fingers and winding round his ankles. One finally slipped in between his ass cheeks and Kite moaned into the tentacle but it refused to simply fuck him. Instead, the tentacle rubbed at the little nub of pink, sending shivers down Kite's spine and making his cock stand to attention.

Rub, rub, rub...

Kite opened his eyes and watched the man who'd been fingering his parter happily slide his cock in with a blissful expression that was probably accompanied by a sigh of happiness. The mistress with the weights was gleefully fucking her slave's mouth with a huge dildo, his mouth, like Kite's barely big enough. Kite looked left to the pair of slaves and was rewarded with the sight of each of them sliding down onto large alien looking dildos, their arms chained behind them, eyes alight with the sight of Kite and the creature. Their master was clearly bulging inside his trousers but seemed in no haste to do anything about it. 

Kite watched him as the tentacle rubbed at his ass with a long length of itself, enough that his ass cheeks parted quite considerably. Then, without any warning, it slipped the very tip inside of him, just once. He moaned and the tentacle in his mouth twitched but the other went back to rubbing has ass as if he hadn't reacted. Then, less than ten seconds later, it did it again, pushing a little more inside. Kite moaned in protest as it removed the tip and this time, it responded, pushing itself back inside almost instantly, the ooze making the movement easy. And back again, pushing enough it to widen his ass a good half inch. 

Kite felt himself getting hard, almost painfully hard. He'd barely been touched and he was already ready. But he knew he wouldn't cum. The ooze was very clever. He hadn't known how it would taste but it was common knowledge that it was an inhibitor. He wouldn't be able to cum until the thing released the counter chemical. He'd be kept on the brink until it was completely and utterly ready to harvest its meal from him and he'd seen punishments where the thing hadn't let the criminal cum for over an hour. 

And he had three hours with this one.

The tentacle probed further and further each time and now it was starting to test him. He'd trained his ass to be able to take some big cocks but, of course, the tentacle could go as big as it wanted. He was going to be stretched to his limit. The excitement boiled up inside him until he didn't know what was longing and what was due to the tentacle probing him.

Just as the one in his mouth had, the tip of the tentacle started to grow and the feeling of it moving inside of him made his balls clench and his cock twitch. It kept growing and growing, until it felt like a cannonball moving slowly up and down inside of him. Then the ball lengthened as more of the tentacle expanded and Kite felt ridges on the length, rippling against the walls of his ass, catching at him pleasurably.

It didn't withdraw itself any longer but moved inside up and down, up and down inside of him, getting ever wider, the ridges becoming more pronounced until Kite wanted to bite the mass of tentacle in his mouth. It was too much, too amazingly good. His ass felt like one big aching nerve, his cock just pulses of pure, glorious agony. All he needed was the silky, mocking voice of a master to tell him he deserved none of the pleasure, that he must wait for the gift his master was going to so generously give him, that he was such a fucking slut to enjoy being debased like this, on display for all to see. The master's voice would get quieter, his lips so close to Kite's ear as he whispered the truth. 'You wanted to get caught, didn't you? You didn't even really want that bottle of rum. You wanted this. To be watched as you're used for the piece of ass you are.'

Kite spasmed in the sling, unable to get away from the relentless, slow fucking. He'd never seen a creature go this slowly before. It was as if it wasn't particularly hungry and was instead, happy to take its merry time. Kite was desperate for release or more or both. Anything to relieve the tension in him.

The thing gave him more. The lump of tentacle in his ass started moving faster just as the one in his mouth shrunk a little in size and began fucking his mouth as fast as it could. It was less than a minute before the tentacle in his ass was going just as quickly and Kite realised his mistake in wishing for more. He needed - needed - to cum. His body arched against the leather bonds, straining for release, his cock and balls a mass of desperation. The ridges thrummed against the inside of his ass, the slippery tentacle in his mouth stretching his lips wide and filling him with ooze. He could feel more ooze dripping from his ass as the tentacle thrust in and out. It dripped into the tank below with little 'plink' sounds.

Master, please! Kite thought desperately, clinging to what little remained of himself. He was pure sensation and need and aching, aching pleasure.

This will not be the last time you say that today, said a voice into his mind as a liquid filled his mouth and dribbled down his cheeks.

Kite came with such force it was almost painful. He hadn't noticed the tentacle that waited but now, as it clamped onto his cock, settling happily around his head, the sensations as he pulsed against its tight embrace were overwhelming. His body spasmed and shivered and bucked until he collapsed back against the sling, unable to lift a finger. The tentacles shrank back to their original sizes and withdrew.

Mmmm, very good, said the voice in his mind. 

Master? Kite thought weakly, his brain swarming with soft heat.

Oh, very much so, said the voice. I think I might request you as a permanent meal source, it purred, one tentacle wrapping lazily around his foot. 

Why? Kite thought.

I like the way you think. Not many wish for a master while they're with me.

I will serve you any way you wish me to, Kite thought honestly, still shivering.

Call me by my name and I will make you forever mine. Call me as you did at the end.

Master, Kite thought without hesitation, and was rewarded with a tentacle slipping around his neck and tightening possessively.