 "Welcome to Imad's Pleasure Parlor. How may I help you?" Kit said, his voice flat and official like Imad wanted it, as Taylor walked through the door, carrying his briefcase.

"I have an appointment," Taylor said, trying to play his part well, looking around nervously like he normally would, wanting to make sure nobody saw him there.

"Your reservation number?"

"51332," Taylor said.

Kit sat on his stool, focused on the reservation number, and saw it appear before him. He forced the smile to stay off of his face. It was so much better than working at that archaic keyboard. Just think it, focus, and there it was, quick and easy.

"You have an appointment with Valerie," Kit said.

They went through the usual routine, Taylor giving the same responses he always did, and Kit entered the information into the code block in the network, setting it up as Taylor spoke, and then downloading it once they were done.

"You can go back now, sir. No need to wait," Kit said after the funds had been transferred, unable to keep the grin from his lips this time.

"Thank you," Taylor said and frowned at him, trying to tell Kit to take it seriously, act normal.

Kit opened the door and Taylor stepped by him to walk down the hall.

"Room 3F," Kit called after him and closed the door.

Taylor walked down the hallway trying to look casual, trying to not look too anxious, but then he should look a bit anxious. He was starting to get a headache and his shoulders and neck felt tight. He shrugged his shoulders and quickened his pace, wanting to get into her room, and out of the open halls where anybody could see him. 

He entered the hall with Valerie's room and the door that had been partially open last time was closed. He glanced at it quickly, straining to hear the machines inside but heard nothing as he continued walking past it. He swept his hand across the sensor at Valerie's room and the door opened. He stepped inside, looked down the hallway quickly, seeing it empty, and the door closed behind him.

He sighed deeply, feeling like he had already gotten away with something though he hadn't done anything yet. The room was lit the same as always, the false window casting a dim light. He looked at the window. It was going to be used as their signal. Kit would increase its brightness while the system was down. He would have exactly one minute until the window dimmed again meaning the system was back up and he had to be done. 

He looked at the bed. The covers were pushed down Valerie's body to her waist. She was lying on her side, facing him, her eyes closed as she slept, her chest rising and falling slightly. He felt the tension subside as he watched her sleeping, his eyes moving between her face, sweet and innocent, and her breasts, so smooth and firm. He saw no signs of scars or marks on her, but he wondered if she had more on her back.

He laid his briefcase on the table by her bed and began to undress, letting his clothes fall on the floor. He got into the bed, sliding under the covers, and squirmed closer to her. He was feeling lighter, more at ease, as he laid down, just inches away from her, watching her sleep, looking at her rosy lips parted as she breathed, her lower arm folded under her head, her hair lying in long strands pulled behind her. He caressed her cheek softly, her skin cool and soft, and smiled. It wouldn't be long before she was free, before she was with him always, and away from this place. 

He slid his hand down her cheek, to her shoulder, and down her arm lying on her side. He moved a bit closer until he felt her knees touching his legs. He moved his hand across her tight stomach and then up to caress her breasts. He was relieved to feel his cock stirring. He had been worried that he wouldn't be able to perform sexually because of the anxiety from the task he had to do. But she awakened those longings in him, any disgust he should have felt were washed away because he knew he had to have sex with her to keep up the act and finally free her.

As he stroked her gently, his hand sliding over her breasts, her stomach, her hips, and her thighs, he started to feel regret that this would be the last time he could be with her like this. It had always been a necessity to just be with her, but once she was free he could be with her all the time, so he wouldn't have that excuse to have sex with her. Was it just an excuse? Or did he really enjoy it? He pushed the thoughts out of his head. That was all for later. Now he had to perform for the cameras and wait for Kit's signal. Everything else could wait.

-

Kit glanced at the list of appointments for the day, noticing another customer should be coming in soon. That would be perfect. That would fall in line with the plan. He'd wait until the next customer came in and then plug in to shut down the system. He could leave his marks on the puppet's code, erasing any suspicions that it might have been he that caused the glitch. Imad would never figure that Kit had the hardware or the ability to program a puppet and shut down the system at the same time. He just hoped that Taylor was ready when it happened and not too busy with his puppet.

-

Taylor slid his hand between her thighs, so warm and soft. She mumbled softly in her sleep and he leaned forward to kiss her eyes, trying to soothe her back to sleep. He wanted her asleep when Kit shut her down. If she were awake she'd shut down abruptly when he pulled the plug and then come back up quickly when he plugged her back in. That could cause problems or just create confusion.

He slid his arm under her neck and pulled her closer to him. He lifted her leg over his hips and started to rock her back and forth, whispering softly in her ear. His fingers played at her pussy, always wet and ready, wanting to enter her now, but rocking her, willing her to sleep deep, wanting the window to brighten now.

-

Kit was writing the program for the customer. This customer had very specific tastes and the program was one of the more complicated ones he'd had to write, not nearly as simple as the programs for Taylor. The more pain and torture the customer wanted the more complex the program would be to protect the pain centers and bring the proper responses from the puppet. But in this case he didn't mind because that would make it even better camouflage for the hacking he was also performing.

He had located the receivers for all of the puppets and found the central hub. He had also found the center for all camera relays. Both would be easy to bring down but he wanted to make sure he was alone in the network before he did it. 

-

Taylor's fingers slid inside of Valerie and he couldn't resist. She felt so good, so ready, seeming to draw him into her. He led his cock into her gently, the head pushing her open. She made no noise in her sleep and he continued sliding into her, watching her face for any sign she was waking. He clenched her butt and pulled her towards him as he slid into her as deep as he could, their bodies pressed together.

He started moving in and out of her slowly, watching her face, holding her upper leg against his waist. She always felt so tight and wet, gripping him firmly, sliding along him. He shifted closer to her and pulled his leg between her legs to push into her further, wanting to be entirely inside of her.

Then, the room suddenly became brighter, the light from the false window glaring into the room. For a second, Taylor was stunned, having almost forgotten the reason he was there as he enjoyed Valerie's body and he hesitated, wanting to stay inside of her, keep fucking her. But he pulled out of her and quickly slid over to the side table to grab his briefcase. This was no time to let lust get the better of him. This was it.

He slid his identification chip across the sensor of the briefcase and it flipped open. He pulled out a thin, cylindrical electronic key that he plugged into his handheld computer as he crawled back onto the bed.

Valerie had rolled onto her stomach when he moved away and as he kneeled over her to insert the key into her puppet port lock he could see fresh welts burned across her back. He looked away, shutting them out, and twisted her head to the side so he could see the puppet chip port. He inserted the key and tapped a couple of buttons on his computer. A program ran that would crack the passcode to the lock on her chip port. 

Every puppet had a specific electronic code that had to be sent to the port via the key in order to release the chip. Fortunately the codes were easy to break since the main thing stopping people from removing the chip was getting the expensive key. 

After a few seconds the passcode was found and the chip slid out of the port. Taylor pulled it out, tossed it into his briefcase, and lifted the case holding his chip. Gingerly he lifted it out of its case and inserted it into her port. He pressed a button on the computer and the chip slid into place. He pulled the key from the port and tossed it and the computer back into his briefcase. He slammed it shut and moved back into the bed, pushing Valerie back onto her side.

The lights dimmed as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her leg over his waist. He started moving his hips like he was fucking her, but his dick had already gone soft. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest now and hoped the sweat would just look like he had been working hard at fucking Valerie.

-

Kit brought the system back up and then disconnected from the network.

"Sorry about the delay, sir. There was a problem with the system, but now it looks like everything is working," Kit said, looking through his lenses at the customer standing by the counter.

"That's fine. I just hope there's nothing wrong with it. I don't want her turning on me and trying to attack me," he said.

"I'll check her code to make sure everything's all right before I engage her, sir," Kit said, watching the network appear in front of him again.

-

Taylor held Valerie against him, relishing the feel of her warm, soft skin, moving his hips like he was fucking her, but his limp dick just hung between her legs. He rocked her back and forth, his mind wandering, feeling no doubts or fears, only thinking of getting her out of there, having her to himself again. He could hold her like this forever now. She'd always be his. He just had to get her out.

He looked into her face and wanted her to wake now. He wanted to make sure she was all right, that the procedure had gone well. He was sure it had, but just wanted the reassurance of seeing her eyes open, see those beautiful, blue eyes, and know that she was fine.

He rolled her over onto her back and pushed her legs apart with his legs as he lay on top of her. He pressed his body against her, feeling his dick harden as he rubbed himself between her legs, still simulating sex, but getting turned on now, his hands moving over the curves of her body, thinking he needed to fuck her, fuck her hard to make her wake up, just so he could see her wake.

-

"What the fuck are you doin'?"

Kit turned around quickly, letting the representation of the network fade from his sight. He saw Imad standing over him, his own optical implants glaring down at him, his arms crossed under his massive chest.

"I'm programming a puppet for this customer," Kit stuttered, fear gnawing at his gut. Imad knew. 

"When did you get the implants?" he said, his voice deep, guttural, seeming to ripple through his throat like a growl.

"Well, I've had them, sir, for a few weeks now..." Kit said and it was the truth even if they had only recently been operational.

"What have you been fuckin' with in there?" Imad yelled at him and took a step forward. Kit could feel the heat radiating off of Imad's skin, so dark it should have been dyed, but it wasn't.

"Nothing, sir. I haven't touched anything except puppet code. That's all I have access to." Kit tried to sound naïve like it was impossible for him to do anything else but work on puppet code.

Imad hovered over him, saying nothing, and Kit realized that Imad was now plugged in. He was cruising through the network, looking for Kit's traces. That was good. That meant he hadn't already found something. Kit watched him, letting the silence hold, hearing the customer fidget behind him, waiting.

"Eudora," Imad said, his voice soft like he was speaking from a long distance.

"Yes, sir. I was programming Eudora. For the customer."

"Okay," Imad said, his voice normal again, not soft and not yelling. He was unplugged and he had only seen Kit's traces on Eudora's code. He looked past Kit to the customer. "I'm sorry, sir. We had a glitch in our system and I am inspecting it. I will give you 50% discount for your patience," he said, his voice now sounding almost meek, putting on his Arabian accent, just some dumb immigrant. But Kit wondered who could ever believe that when looking at the mound of real muscle that was Imad.

"That's okay," the customer said. "I was just asking the programmer to make sure that the code was good before he loaded it. I just don't want the puppet going crazy on me."

"He will do fine. And I assure you, sir, the puppets are fine." Imad looked back at Kit for a second, nodded his head, and walked away.

Kit turned around and offered a smile to the customer. "I'll just finish and let you know when she's ready."

Kit flipped back to the network and got to work on the code again. As he worked he felt his spirits rising, feeling more confident. He had gotten away with it. He had hacked Imad's system and Imad didn't even know it. He was good. Maybe it was time to go freelance. Forget this small-time programming shit. Go on his own. Start hacking for credits. Yeah, that sounded fun. Be his own boss, work when he wanted to, make the big bucks. Maybe even become famous. Yeah, that sounded all right.

-

Taylor was inside of her now, his cock feeling large and long, sliding in and out of her, and it felt so good, better than ever. He was happy. He was always happy with her, but this time was different. She was going to be free. She was going to be his again because he could free her now.

He just wanted to see those eyes, just open her eyes. He jabbed into her hard and moaned as his pelvis mashed against her. He pulled back and thrust into her again, slamming his cock into her, and it felt wonderful. He had never fucked her like that, never fucked like that at all, with such force, pure erotic power like all of his strength was directed inside of her along the length of his cock. 

He thrust faster and harder, hearing their skin smacking loudly, holding himself up on his arms to direct himself into her, feeling his length moving in and out of her, looking down at her body rocking lazily on the mattress underneath him, watching his cock slide in and out of her. He looked at her closed eyes, waiting for them to open, as he pounded into her, his hands gripping the mattress tightly now, trying to hold on, not wanting to come inside of her until she awakened.

She moaned, her lips parted, and then her eyes fluttered open. He laughed to himself, breaking into a groan as he sunk into her again, overcome with joy. She was waking and her eyes, so blue, so wide and giving, he saw his Valerie looking back at him now, coming wide awake quickly as she felt his cock driving into her. 

She wrapped her legs around his waist and urged him into her, panting, groaning, pushing him to go faster, and he did. They looked at each other and didn't break that gaze as his cock spilled inside of her spasming cunt.