 Many thanks to my raters, reviewers and my beta Cassiopeia!

On a little side note, because I was asked this. Sorr'an is 1,65m which is 5 feet and 6 inches. Just for your information.

This chapter isn't packed with lots of action but I like it nonetheless. But enough babbling, enjoy!

{{{--------------------}}}

Towards the Mountains

Two days went by. Two days since I've met Sorr'an. Two days of fleeing without knowing if we were actually being followed. This was nerve-wracking because if you're on a "real" escape you put your whole being into getting away from your pursuers. Adrenaline is overriding your exhaustion, your mind is set on the one thing; get out of there. You don't question every effort you take because you know; when they get you, you're in deep shit. But when you don't know if you're being followed then there is this nagging voice in the back of your head. It whispers, that perhaps no one comes after you, that the endeavor to hide your tracks is unnecessary, that you're being paranoid. It can be easily pushed away, but it preys on your mind and then you find yourself thinking, for example, that the river is too cold to walk in for so many hours.

But there was something too heavy to ignore. And heavy was the keyword here. Sorr'an's condition worsened during these two days. After the first night I had problems waking him up; it took me a few minutes of shaking to get him back to reality. His fever stayed and perhaps even went up, his eyes were clouded and he randomly talked in his foreign tongue -- well at least I thought it was random. His strength was fading, too. Yesterday he could walk on his own feet, his movements not exactly fluid and graceful but at least steady. But today his condition spiraled further downwards. I had to lightly slap his face to get him open his eyes in the morning, but he was able to stand on his feet. Well, till noon when he tripped and fell into the water of a river we were crossing. Some of his reflexes kicked in because he stood faster then the splashes could hit the surface, and yelped. Afterwards he needed my assistance; a helping hand here and there to keep from stumbling. And now he was leaning against my side. Heavily.

He might not be that tall and wasn't overly heavy for his statue and height, but with time the constant extra weight got wearisome. My right shoulder already hurt and my neck was strained by his arm around it. I tried to talk to him, murmuring encouraging words but he showed no reaction. I was glad I decided the first night to go to the cave. I looked up at the horizon and could see mountains. Calculating the distance I estimated that it would take us another day to reach our destination. A short glance at my catboy let me doubt that we would make it on four feet. Well, two feet and two paws, though his feet look pretty normal to me. I sighed soundlessly and dragged us forward for another two hours, till exhaustion got to me and I stopped at a small clearing.

I didn't think I would find a better place to rest because there was a small rivulet nearby and enough loose wood to make a small fire. I didn't make one the last two nights because I feared we could be found but this night I needed one -- the voice in my head had won. I wanted a source of warmth for the evening, the early summer still made the nights chilly especially in the forest. I also wanted a decent meal, not berries and mushrooms. I fucking hate mushrooms, their taste and texture make my stomach heave. But it's either them or an empty stomach, so yeah. Perhaps I can catch some fish today and have a warm meal. Or a rabbit. My mouth watered with the thought of sizzling flesh, its odor and flavor.

I lowered Sorr'an to the ground and leaned him against a tree. He instantly hugged his knees, trying to keep his slightly trembling form warm. He was already wearing my vest and cape - both a little big on him -, but he obviously still felt cold. Absentmindedly I petted his hair and then got up, choosing the easier alternative and going to the creek to fish. I was lucky because there was a pond a few meters down the stream and lots of trout lazily swimming in it.

I fixed a big one with my eyes and connected. I made it swim to me and jump on the bank and then I ended its life with a quick hit between his head and body with a stick I found on the ground. I smiled, remembering the days when I was a child and spent days, even weeks in the forest, fishing and hunting.

Trout number two committed suicide against its will.

The fun had lasted until another group of boys found me and accused me of cheating. 'Hey, everybody with their given gifts, right?' Well, afterwards my fortune in hunting vanished because they followed me around noisily and threw stones at every pond and scrub that possibly had an animal in it, driving them away. Okay, they didn't necessarily just aim at bushes and water; I was a popular target, too. Kids can be so cruel.

Trout number three hopped to my feet. I watched it and then took his life fast.

Another smile appeared on my face as I remembered what happened after I returned to the outskirts of the city I lived in. The leader of this little gang was bitten quite viciously by his favorite dog. Another boy got scratched in his face by a cat and a third one was kissed the dust when the boar of their pig breeding tackled him -- I think he broke a rib. All incidents were of course accidents and it was just pure coincidence that I was there to watch every of them.

Trout number four decided to keep company with the other three.

Yeah, kids can be cruel -- and I was a kid with body and soul.

Four trout should be enough. Two for this evening; if I get Sorr'an to eat something; and two for breakfast. Hopefully, if things go as planned, we won't need to worry about dinner tomorrow. I refilled my water bottle in the clear rivulet and did so with Sorr'an's that I brought with me and dampened some strips of cloth.

I returned to the glade and laid one cloth on the boy's forehead and wrapped the others around his thighs. He hissed and tried to wriggle away from the coolness but I held him still. "Stop it Sorr'an. We need to lower your fever or at least try to keep it steady." His eyelids fluttered when I spoke his name and his fidgeting stopped, though he was still trembling. I collected firewood and built a campfire. After I piled up wood I let a drop of magic fire drip on the stack, the liquid blaze sibilantly eating its way through the limber.

I got up, returned to the stream and disemboweled the trout, throwing the guts into the stream so they won't lure carnivores to us. After scaling the fishes I made my way back to our camp and sat in front of the fire, spearing the flesh on sticks but stopped after a moment. 'Cats eat their fish raw, right? How would a cat-human like it?' I took one filet and kneeled besides Sorr'an, holding it his nose. I could see him taking a sniff but then he tilted his head away. 'Okay, seems to be more human than cat.' 

Roasting the fish I watched the catboy. His skin showed a pale color to it, a stark contrast to the bronzed tone it had when I saw him first. His eyes were closed, exhaustion written on his sweat stamped face, his trembling body curled into a fetal position and his tail motionless besides him. He looked like a person on the threshold of death.

I sighed and while the trout fried I gathered dry moss and built a bed near the fire. I sat down beside Sorr'an, feeling his hot forehead and then held up a water bottle against his lips. "Sorr'an, drink!", I urged him. He opened his eyes and then lips and I carefully poured some of the liquid into his mouth. "Come on, Sorr'an, lay down on the moss!" I point my index finger to the self made bed but the boy stared at me with an unfocused gaze and his eyelids fluttered shut after a moment. 'Okay, then the other way...' I rose to my feet and picked him up bridal style. His eyes shot open, his look fixed on me and he relaxed a little. I laid him down on the moss bed near the fire and he immediately turned towards the source of heat. Moments later his trembling died down. 'Good!'

I returned watching the fish fry, examining the herbs on the clearing. I only knew two or three and they aren't edible so I reached into my vest that clung to Sorr'an's lithe body and put forth a pouch with a spice mixture. He didn't even realize all the rummaging through his -- well, my -- clothes. I applied the herbal mixture on the trout sparingly. It's one of my most valued treasures; salt, different herbs and even some pepper making it very special and precious.

When I thought the flesh well done, I took a bite. 'Delicious!' I devoured half a trout then took another half from the fire, turned to Sorr'an, offering it. "Sorr'an. Food! Fish! Yum, yum!" I made munching noises and gently pressed a piece of fish against his lips. "Hey kitten, it's made with my special mixture. You've never tasted something like this. Some bites, please?" He watched me through half lidded eyes and opened his mouth just a bit; enough for me. I slid the morsel in and he chewed. "Good, kitten boy! Some more, you need to get something in your stomach." I fed him three other small pieces before he started to cough and turns his head away from me. 'Well, not enough, but at least a little bit.' I opened the cap of my water bottle and moisten his lips. "You know, under any other circumstances I would have taken offense. I mean, most small cats I know eat a freaking whole fish and you stop after four bites..."

"Muerr'ide...", was the tired answer. I blinked but then smiled and let him have his peace.

At nightfall I sat against a tree close to the fire, across Sorr'an. I watched him and our surroundings, the first stars appearing. This was going to be the third night in a row without any sleep and my mind started wandering. While I watched the horizon it suddenly started to illuminate with weird pastel colors. And if I wasn't concentrating I could see things at the edge of my visual field move; trees shifting, bushes wandering around. I closed my eyes, pinching the bridge of my nose. 'Get a hold on yourself. Just one more night!' I concentrated on something other then trees and the fire, which would just have blinded me, and my eyes fell on Sorr'an. I sighed. 'Well, not the worst view, right?'

My catboy seemed to be asleep. His chest rose and fell steadily and while his face was covered with sheen of sweat he seemed calmer and at peace; the flickering, warm light from the campfire made his skin look less pale. A small smile tugged at the corner of my lips but I didn't care. My eye lids started to droop and I was fighting the upcoming sleep, but the peaceful surrounding and Sorr'an made me lose it fast. 'There's no danger around...'

The voice won again -- the second time today.

I awoke with a start when something brushed my side. My instincts kicked in and I surveyed the area. The fire was burnt down to a small glow, casting eerie shadows over the clearing. The noises of the surroundings were normal, so I relaxed a little, when suddenly something hot pressed into my side. I looked down and saw Sorr'an cuddling into me, his head rubbing gently against my chest.

"Sorr'an?" I asked softly.

There was no real answer, just a small noise that sounded very much like a "Meep."

"Okay, for tonight -- but only because the fire burnt down and you would be cold otherwise." I told myself. The kitten was already back to sleep if he ever even woke up. I slipped my arm over his back and the additional warmth and soft snoring made me drift to sleep almost immediately.

I woke up the next morning, a warm weight on top of me. It was an unfamiliar feeling and I opened my eyes, looking down and seeing Sorr'an sprawled over my chest.

"My, my, aren't we a cuddly catboy?!" I grinned a little. "I could be your owner you know. Pet you every day, everywhere." My grin turned into a smirk. Morning horniness, I guess. My finger traced over his clothed shoulder to his cheek and every trace of prurience vanished when I felt the heat radiating from his flesh. He was practically burning.

"Get up little one! We have to get going!" I gently shook him. No reaction. I rocked him harder and slapped his face. A small groan was all I got. I rolled him off me, got to my feet and went to the creek. When I passed the campfire, I took a trout and ate it on my way. I needed the energy because I had the feeling that Sorr'an wouldn't walk much this day. I damped the clothes and refilled the water bottles again.

Back at the camp I dropped the wet clothes unceremoniously on his face. He just jiggled his head and pawed at the offending stripes.

"No, you won't go back to sleep. Wake up, Sorr'an! Sorr'an!" I emptied one bottle over his head. This got me a lot more reaction when he suddenly sat up. Just to be sure I poured the content of the second bottle over him, too. He lifted his head and I got an angry stare and bared fangs.

"Good morning to you, too, sunshine!" I smiled back at the cutie. For some moments his eyes were clear and even if they showed some anger it was better than this unfocused, clouded gaze they had the last two days.

I went to the fire and got a piece of fish, offering it to Sorr'an. He took it and chewed on it pretty half-heartedly. 

"Hey, I don't get to feed you again? And you could show more enthusiasm when you eat something cooked by me!" I huffed a little.

After finishing the sparse meal I motioned him to stand up. We had to get going and the longer Sorr'an was able to move on his own the better.

We managed quite a fast pace until the late morning. Then Sorr'an's condition worsened again and an hour later I had to support him again. Soon after noon his legs gave up and I dragged him for a minute before I realized that he wouldn't get up back. I set him down on the ground and thought for a moment. 'What will I do with you kitten?'

A look to the mountains told me that we had at least another two hours before us but I didn't think that even with a longer break he would be able to make it that long. I sighed. 

"Well I only see one possibility. Sorr'an?" I called him. He weakly tilted his head up to me and watched me with an exhausted expression.

"Hang on, kay?" I squatted in front of him between his legs and laid his arms around my shoulder and then got slowly up. He caught up with what I planned and brought his legs around my waist.

"You're quite heavy, little catboy. And you owe me big time!" I started to walk towards our destination. "The next time I have your lovely thighs around my waist I opt for less clothing and more reaction on your side."

It took me six instead of two hours and I had to make a lot of breaks. I'm not used to carrying a catboy piggyback. Or kittyback in this case. When we reached our target, my shoulders, back and neck were burning and hurting.

I entered a small cave that didn't look very special. Droplets were falling down from the ceiling and it was considerably cooler than outside. I went to a wall that had some old, weathered runes engraved on it. I touched it with the tip of my thumb, middle finger and ring finger and began to enchant.

"Nach meinem Willen sollst dich regen,  den Stein aus meinem Pfad bewegen!"

The barrier of stone moved as if by a ghost's hand and opened up a path into a dimly lit, medium tall room. I walked into it and laid Sorr'an to the ground.

"Sorr'an!" I called him. He barely lifted his head. "Okay kitten. Don't freak out now, I won't do anything bad to you. Okay? Sorr'an?" No visible reaction. 'Okay, let's hope he doesn't flip out with what is coming.'

I watched him while I stripped down till I stood butt-naked in front of him.

"You know, I don't strip for everybody. You could at least cheer me on. Even catcalls would be appreciated." He didn't catch on my little wordplay. 'Well, I guess my wits are lost on this kitten.' I sighed. 'Hope things will go as smooth.'

"Sorr'an? We're going to play 'show me yours I show you mine'. And to add to the excitement I'll undress you. Well, actually because you don't seem into the state to do so and you don't understand me. Oh, and because I love to undress cute and sexy boys." 

I kneeled in front of him and stripped him off my vest. My mantle and his shirt followed. His wound looked good to me. The edges were slightly red but it started to heal already. I wondered why it didn't open up with all the movement we've done in the past days. His other scratches and slashes seemed fine, too. No scars, I'd say, but I'm no healer. He was mumbling something and let his head fall. I hope he didn't fall into a delirium.

"Okay, now on to the first prize." I made him stand and lean to the wall and went on my knees in front of him, hooking my fingers under the hem of his thin trousers. I moved them downwards and suddenly felt dirty. Well, dirtier then usual. Uncomfortably dirty which is a completely new feeling to me.

"What's your magic little kitten, what's your magic?" I murmur more to myself then to him. I focused my gaze on his stomach and slid the fabric down his legs and slipped them out under his feet. His tummy moved a little with his breathing, captivating me. I swallowed and got up to my feet, avoiding the urge to look down.

"You're the first that actually makes me feel some modesty. Are you an enchanter?" I looked into his eyes -- well I tried to but he had them closed. I dressed into my vest but stayed naked otherwise.

"Okay, you have to touch me now. Sorr'an?!" I shook him, he opened his eyes and I pushed him to another wall. I stood beside him and laid his left arm around my midsection. "Sorr'an. Hold on." There is no reaction at first but then my catboy tightened his grip on me and rested his head on my shoulder.

"Good. Now to the difficult part..." I breathed deeply then thrust my arms into small openings in the rocky wall.

"Mein Ziel ist andernorts,  wünscht' ich wär' flix dort. So wenn Du mich denn transportierst,  geb ich von der Macht, nach der du gierst."

A deep rumbling voice answers me. "Dein Ziel?"

"Arrandar."

"So sei es!"

Sharp stone needles pierced my finger tips and I drew in a sharp breath. More and more needles penetrated my hand and forearm. I gritted my teeth and moaned in pain. Then it stopped.

"Die Kräfte, die sich in dir hegen,  sollen dich ganz schnell bewegen."

Again the deep voice. Suddenly the needles started to suck my blood and not only the red liquid. They tugged on my power, drew on the essence of my life and magic. I groaned in pain that came with the process and then energy is dragged out of my system. It was as if hot, sharp splinters were running through my veins, exploding in my arms and piercing my skin and flesh.

The world became blurred and as I felt my power drain away, my legs gave up under me and my consciousness slipped away...

{{{--------------------}}}

Okay, that's it for this chapter. If you liked it, please rate. If you feel like commenting, asking something or praising me, review ;-)