 (I was quite surprised with the results of my prelude which you should probably read if you haven't already. Colossal thanks to everyone that voted me up and to all of the people that gave me encouragements. The story can only get better from this point forward so please enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it)

*****

1:00 AM - Rose's apartment...

Like sleeping on the ocean surface, so peaceful and welcoming. My eyes flickered open to immediately see the most beautiful thing on the Earth, her face. A thick blanket over both of us that trapped all the heat from our bodies underneath. I swear that I could stay like that for the rest of my life, just staring at her and breathing in her natural scent. She must have carried me to the bed after I passed out and by the flowery smell of my hair, I'm sure she washed me, too. I guess she really did love me. Her one hand rested on my side and it made me realize something. I was still completely naked. A subtle red hue in my cheeks as I nuzzled into the blanket because I didn't want to disturb her sleep with my own insecurities. For a while, I lay there drinking in that moment of calm and serenity that I'd honestly never felt in my life before, knowing that I'd been accepted for who I am. Like that, I closed my eyes again. Letting the night drag me back into that wonderful sleep.

Hours passed before I awoke again but something was different this time. The smell of bacon. I sat up and scanned the room to see that Rose was gone and the door open. Morning sunlight cast through her window that sprawled out my silhouette across the bed. It must have still been early. My legs flopped out on the side closest to the window and I stood up, only remembering then that I was bare. Dropping back down, I covered my morning-wood and blushed deeply from the sight of it. Rose may have accepted it so why couldn't I? I searched the room to find the drawer with all her panties inside and we were relatively the same size so I slid one on, doing little to conceal my secret but it did make me feel better. She had a pretty set selection, either black or red laced underwear so I just chose a red one. Laying on the floor next to the bed were my clothes but there wasn't much need for me to cover up, maybe just something to go over my chest. Picking up my hoody, I zipped it up and stuffed my hands in the pockets to pull it down over my bulge. There, that's better.

Mm, bacon. Walking quietly through her house to the route of all goodness, the kitchen, I heard very faint music. Rose was swinging her hips over by the stove and swatting some scrabbled eggs to the rhythm of a song. On the counter was one of those portable little stereos that was playing the early day tunes. Just quiet enough to not wake me up. It was unlike her to be this cheery, let alone dance. Trying my best not to interrupt her, I sat in the lounge area right by the kitchen. Posters littered her walls of some of the more violent games like COD and Devil May Cry. She's told me before that she's into those games with blood, guts and bullets. Metal and rock bands such as ACDC and Five Finger Death Punch also appeared to be some of her favorites even if I did prefer classical myself. It brought up the question of how her and I even came to be in a relationship. My mind got to work and I was soon wrapping my arms around myself to try and counteract the bad thoughts. What if she felt sorry for me? What if that was the only reason that she 'loved' me? Was it really that difficult for me to just be happy by believing that she actually loves me for that genuine reason?

"Oh, good morning babes!" her voice snapped me out of thought and I glanced at her, tucking my face behind the hoody to hide my blush. She only had her underwear on, black laced panties and matching bra. Two plates in her hands and a bright smile, she sat on the couch with me, placing the food on the coffee table. It was so awkward being around her all of a sudden. I diverted my eyes from her and she could tell something was up. Her hand caressed the side of my cheek and pulled my hoody down so that it wasn't hiding my face anymore. "Are you okay?". Not wanting to worry her, I perked up and gave a smile as I grabbed one of the plates. She stopped me by gently touching my arm and leaning in to capture my lips in a deep kiss. Without saying another word, she picked up her plate and lowered down into the chair to eat. I was frozen in place and shaking slightly but I forced myself to start eating so that nothing appeared to be wrong with me. Funny how even after that night with her I felt more scared of her than ever.

We ate in silence until she decided to turn on the television. It flashed to life and she switched through the channels before stopping on one of those stand-up comedy shows. Hey, it was better than hearing nothing but the scratching of our forks on the plates. There was a guy on stage joking about couples, really lame stuff but it didn't help my situation. "I didn't get the chance last night to tell you...but thank you, Eve" she said it so smoothly that it made me shiver. I put my empty plate down and looked at her. Damn it, she could read my like a book. "Really, you have no idea what it meant to me..." she paused to put her plate next to mine and then shift closer to me on the couch. "This whole time, I thought you just didn't want to be with me in that way but you were just scared. Eve, you've made me happier than ever, more than you can imagine". My lips twitched into a smile and I looked away, feeling the heat in my cheeks. That was the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me...

She softly gripped my chin to make me look into her eyes. My aqua hues meeting her emerald ones. Time felt as though it stopped and the sound of my heartbeat drowned out everything else as she slowly leaned in to peck my lips. There's a saying about pictures speaking a thousand words, well that's what our kisses were like. I wanted her. She wanted me.

=XXX

I was pushed onto my back slowly, both of us not wanting to break the sensual lock. Her couch was just long enough for me to lie down with only my feet dangling off the edge. Panting between kisses, she lowered her body between my legs and started grinding against me. It created such a heavenly friction through my panties that quickly made it sensitive. I hugged her to close the distance between us and wrapped my legs around her waist to feel the dampening fabric of her underwear against mine. Above, Rose continued to rock back-and-forth, moaning into the kiss. She let her tongue slide in and explore my mouth. The sensations were driving me crazy and I couldn't help but flick my tongue against hers in a wet dance. If this kept up then I wouldn't be able to hold back on my urging climax. Breaking the kiss suddenly, she licked my bottom lip then stared into my eyes with such a warming smile. I was breathless as though she had sucked the air straight out my lungs. Only Rose could make me feel that way.

"Not yet, baby" her tone was gentle, almost angelic to me. Nodding, I brought a finger to my mouth with a deep blush, embarrassed for getting so carried away. She leaned down to whisper in my ear "don't move, now...just lie back and enjoy", her hot breath could melt me. I shivered as she pulled away, anxious to see what she had in mind. Cupping both of my hands, she moved them lower on the couch to pin them next to my thighs as she crushed her lips onto mine in the delicate exchange of saliva. She trailed downward and kissed along my cheek and down my neck, leaving wet patches where her tongue lashed out. I shivered with each nip or kiss, somehow every one of them sent bolts of lighting to my core. Her teeth gripped the zipper of my hoodie and slowly pulled down. I watched her head move as my only coverage opened up in her wake. It buzzed all the way down to the bottom and with a bit of trouble she unclipped it with her teeth. It flopped open to expose my milky skin to her gaze and further up was my flushed face, breathing heavily. To think that Rose was this gentle on the inside...

She still had my hands pinned so there was no way for me to squirm out of her hold. But, for some reason, I didn't feel the need to run away like I always did. I kept my eyes locked on her the whole time. Now, my body was her playground and a part of me was in love with that idea. She kissed the flat of my tummy to make her way back up, trailing her tongue over my stomach and biting softly on my skin. Trembling from her affectionate touches, I followed her up to my breasts. The very sight of the small, supple mounds was enough to bring a sweet grin to her lips. Her deliciously slippery tongue ran over my hardened nubs, coating them with her saliva. She took one of them between her teeth and bit down on it causing me to mew quietly from the unreal pleasure. It was a wonderful hurt but she would then lick it again to soothe the pain and make it more sensitive. Soon, I was arching into her mouth as she suckled and nibbled on my breasts with a growing lust.

Slurping the last of the wetness off my nipple, she smiled and looked up into my eyes. My chest heaved with each hard exhale and I met her lingering gaze with my own smile, looking away afterwards with a rosy hue. "Eve...you're such a beautiful girl. There's no need to be so shy" she played with my hands, coiling each finger. It only made me blush deeper but with some effort I glanced at her. "See? Was that so hard?" she teased and crawled back up to kiss me. "I want you to see this, anyways..." that sexy tone in her voice that gave me goosebumps. I watched as she kissed down my breasts, stopping to slip her tongue in my bellybutton which forced a moan out of me. She chuckled and continued her journey on my pearly skin to the fabric covering what she sought. Down to my pulsing bulge, Rose took a moment to lean down and press her lips to the very tip of it. I shuddered from the light touch. She looked up at me through soft hues and uttered those words that made my heart skip a beat "Can I?". My face flushed from such a simple question, I nodded...

A bright smile, she squeezed my hands lightly and kept them pinned "Thank you, Eve", it sounded like she really meant it. She then bit down on the frills of my panties, taking extra care in lifting it over my erect length, she pulled it down. The sight was unbelievably hot and my cock was then released from it's tight confines. How could anyone like me with such a disgusting secret? Was Rose just putting up with it because she 'loved' me or did she just feel sorry for me? My panties slid down to my knees and that's where she released her bite. That way, I wouldn't be able to move my legs much. It was clear now that this was going to be intense and she didn't want me to squirm away. Hands pinned, legs tied and my inability to speak meant that there was no going back on it now. No, I wanted it but the only thing I was worried about was if Rose truly did this because she wanted it and not because she had to. Either way, there was no stopping her now.

For a while, she eyed my erection, this being the first time that she'd seen it up close "Guys I know aren't even this big...". I felt the moist warmth of her breath on it and my hips began to roll very slowly with anticipation. But I wasn't waiting for long as she stuck her tongue out and flicked it over the slit. Mewing, I bit my bottom lip and began shaking. She seemed to be happy about my response, going back down she ran her tongue up and down my shaft, kissing the head tenderly whenever she reached the tip. Her clam-like muscle would trail along the veins and leave behind a slick path of her spit. Then, when she thought that I was ready, she looked up at me "Don't hold back, okay? If you're gonna cum then just let it happen. I don't want you to think about anything else...just lie down and close your eyes...". I gulped at her request, already twitching from her gentle teasing. My eyes closed and I lay down with a shaky exhale. "Just let go, baby. I'll take good care of it" those were last words before she lined up my cock with her lips.

They parted ever so slowly as my girth slipped inside. Gripping her hands, I breathed heavily but she kept going down. She stopped when my whole tip was in her mouth where she sucked it softly and did circles on it with her tongue. Almost too sensitive for me to handle, I squirmed and moaned. As soon as she felt me writhing then she lifted her head up and waited for me to calm down again. This time, she leaned in and took as much of me as she could without straining herself. I opened my mouth from the amazing sensations and mewed loudly. 

At this rate I wouldn't last very long. But I blocked out the thoughts of it and simply gave in to every subtle movement of her tongue or the way her lips gripped my cock when she sucked. She started to bob her head, taking her time as she drank my precum and licked the ridges of my tip. My tongue lolled out the side of my mouth and I moved my hips to the rhythm of her head, lost in the unbearable warmth. It was like her mouth was working in complete unison to pleasure as much of me as she could in any way possible. Everything else was clouded by the sensations and the wet sounds of her saliva.

Before I knew it, I climaxed hard, mewing and clutching her hands, I continued thrusting into her mouth. A thick blob shot down her throat but she kept bobbing up and down, sucking out every drop of it. She gulped each spurt and based on the sexy sounds of her moans, she must have liked it. Swallowing the generous amount of semen, she pulled off of my length with a cute little pop. I was twitching and still holding her hands, panting from the immense pleasure. "That was..." her voice made me open my eyes and sit up. Oh no, she probably hated me after doing that. The morning rays of sun made her cheek glow with a shiny bronze "That was amazing...", her head tilting slightly with a loving smile. 

She wasn't upset or grossed out? Did she really mean it? Unable to contain my emotions, I lunged forward and kissed her with such passion. She fell back and embraced me in a tight hug. The taste of my very essence still lingered in her mouth but I didn't care. Her hands pressed on my shoulders and she pushed me away softly "I've never seen you like this, Eve...I like it". Grinning, she captured my lips again and we remained like that for a long time. I only wish that I could tell her how much that moment truly meant to me.

XXX=

Later that day we were still lazing about her apartment but it was nice, almost calm there. We ended up bringing her blanket to the couch so I could snuggle up next to her while she sliced Demons apart in her game. I was wrapped up in the blanket and laying down with my head resting on her lap. She had her feet up on the coffee table with a long wire connecting her controller to the console hidden under the T.V. Eh, it was the weekend so why not just have some time to ourselves doing nothing. And I must say, the game looked fun as hell. I giggled and rubbed my cheek into her tender thighs. "Ah, God damn it!" She slumped back into the couch from painful defeat, watching her character fall to the ground for the fifth time in a row. Maybe this is what a real relationship was like, one with no fear or secrets. I was happy.

Rose brought a hand down to my hair to toy with the long raven strands "I have an idea", she said with a hint of mystery. I rolled onto my back so that I could look directly up into her eyes. "Instead of just chilling here all day, why don't we go out tonight. Our date was ruined yesterday so what do you say?" a wide smile as she caressed my cheek. Well, I was kind of enjoying just lying around all day but I happily went along with her idea. I nodded and smiled up at her with a light blush. "Cool..." she let her eyes linger on mine for a few more seconds before she lifted the controller up again "But only after I kill this mother fucker!". With that, she went back to mashing the buttons while I just laughed and watched her get her ass kicked over and over again. So, we were going on a date later that day. I could only ponder on what she planned...

18:00 - On the streets...

Tucked under her arm, we made our way down to the first stop of the night. Almost like part of her religion, our first stop was the bar. Don't get me wrong, she wasn't the type to get absolutely wasted and pass out. She just liked to get that buzz going before every date and it did bring out a very funny side of her. The bulky wooden doors swung open and we entered with me hugging her waist from behind. I've never enjoyed being inside that place. Such strong smells that made me dizzy from just inhaling it long enough and the way people looked at me. I swear that they just somehow knew about my secret, the way they undressed me with their eyes. Having Rose with me did help a lot because all eyes were on her instead of me. Perks of being the less attractive one, I suppose. I did try to look my best for that night, though. A navvy blue dress that went down to my knees and of course my favorite hoody just in case. Rose wore tight fitting skinny jeans and a slightly longer tank top that bagged over her waist. Fit for a windy night out in the city.

We sat down on those really uncomfortable stools and I kept my eyes down to the table, just wanting to leave already. Rose ordered a few shots of vodka and then looked over at me. She nudged my arm softly "Just a couple of shots then we'll go, okay?". I smiled at her and nodded before scanning the room. The place was especially full that night, probably because of the Saturday night party fever. Stereotypical douche bags littered the building, inside and out. The bartender put 2 shot glasses on the table before filling both up with the clear liquid. She's tried, on many occasions, to get me to drink with her but I've denied every time so she's learned not to ask me. Tossing back, she took the first one and then the next, wincing from how strong it was. 

"Well fuck me, Rosanne?" this scrawny Mexican guy sitting a few stools away shouted at us. 

An eyebrow raised, Rose glanced at the familiar voice "No fucking way...", her tone low in disbelief. 

He stood up and clacked over with those phony cowboy boots. "You must be her! Eh, and you brought a chicka with you" his arm rubbing against my back as he spoke. 

"What the Hell do you want?" Rose said sternly, clearly something was angering her. I stayed out of it and just hugged myself for some comfort as I spun around to see the conversation unfolding.

The man brushed his fingers through his greased back hair "Hey, hey, hey is that anyway to talk to an old friend?". 

Rose gritted her teeth and stood up "Friends is not exactly the word I would use for a person like you". 

"Oh, that hurts me, Rosarita. I remember paying you a lot for your...services" that devilish tone. That caught my attention, making me look up at Rose. She's never actually told me much about her past so hearing this got me thinking. 

Suddenly Rose gripped his shirt and pulled him very close to whisper "Shut the fuck up right now", obvious worry in the way she spoke. 

He gave a sinister grin "What's the matter? Oh, you want to keep it on the down-low? Everyone has their secrets...". Glaring at him, Rose was shaking just like I was when she discovered my secret. Just what was she hiding from me? "That girl with you could make a lot of money in that business, too" he licked his lips and let his gaze wonder down to me. "How much do you want for" stopped, he stumbled backwards, holding his bleeding nose. 

Rose had her fist in the air, trembling with an iron gaze locked on him "I told you to shut the fuck up". 

Coughing and groaning in pain, the man glared at her "You bitch! Can't take a joke!". 

By this time, I was standing behind Rose and biting the edge of my finger. I've seen Rose fight before so it wasn't too shocking. What did have me confused, though, was what he said about her. I felt so much further away from her, now. Realizing that I actually didn't have a clue of who this woman was. "Get out of here...NOW" she spat at him and clicked her knuckles to get the point across. Taking her offer, the man left the building, swearing in another language that I couldn't quite follow, maybe Portuguese or Italian. Only then did Rose turn to me. Her expression softened instantly, giving away into a smile as she took my hand "Sorry about that guy. Just some cunt I know". She pecked my cheek "Let's leave. This place smells like ass and besides it's almost time. I told you yesterday, you're gonna love this place". It worried me that she still wasn't explaining anything to me. Just what was all that about?
