 The Journey begins

I went straight to bed, to my own room this time. Sorr'an knew his way around enough to find the examination room we slept in the last night and he sure was a big boy so he could sleep alone. I needed to hold my distance, to keep my thoughts and feelings in check. Tomorrow we would leave and a good night's sleep was what I needed now. Who knows when I would have a good, soft bed the next time?

My dreams were strange, one incoherent scene after another. Sometimes I was half asleep with these strange impressions still on my mind, making them seem more real. There was my mother; in flames, approaching me to hug me. Dreams of Arias paying Kip to poison my beer, Belathia holding up that semen-sucking worm that was bigger and the teeth even sharper. I dreamt of Sorr'an smiling at me and then slowly stabbing my eyes with two beautiful daggers that turned into wooden knives, splinters boring into my skin and orbs. A strong, black-skinned hand reached for my face, so big my head easily fit into it, closing around it...

I sat up, blinking into the first sunrays. The dreams faded, only fragments tickling the edge of my mind. I felt well-rested although I remembered that the night was full of uneasy dreams. Anyway, time to rise and get ready for the day, the start of our journey.

I got up and washed my body and face thoroughly with the cold water, then dressed in simple, functional travel clothing, shouldered my backpack and left for the library to meet Arias. I reached the bibliotheca and there was a notice attached to the door that read 'Cellar lab' so I went downstairs into the basement and pounded against a thick steel door. It opened with a creaking sound and a warm wind that held strange odors blew into my face. Seconds later I could hear a screeching sound followed by something that sounded like an explosion, just without the rattling noise that normally accompanied it. I cautiously went into the room. I knew Arias would meet me because no one was allowed to wander around the cellar lab on their own. There were areas I never saw and I only once gave into my curiosity and tried to explore them on my own. The result was that I got beaten by Arias -- and it was the only time he ever raised his hand against me -- after getting healed by him and Gerald from several severe injuries. Gerald was also offered the possibility to beat me but declined. Instead I was the personal stable boy of Arjunoor for a year -- I had wished he had given me a beating.

I set aside my backpack and I waited for about five minutes before Arias arrived, bags under his eyes showing he had worked the whole night.

"Good morning, Niven. It's good you're awake!"

"Good morning to you, too. It would have been good if you had gotten some sleep."

Arias waved the comment aside. "I have everything ready for you and Gerald should be done with the preparation for your food." He opened up a big package and gave me its contents piece by piece, explaining what they were. Glittering powder, a great distraction in fight if your enemy doesn't reckon with it. A disinfecting herb, medium effectiveness but without the narcotic side effects stronger medicine has. Pain killer, styptics and other dried herbs that went into the pouches at my belt and a few, especially valuable ones, into my vest. Then Arias surprised me by presenting a small rack with twelve phials in it. "Okay, now listen. I know, you know, what is what, but again. This purple liquid is an antidote to most poisons. After opening the phial, apply or drink it within five minutes or it will become a very strong poison that kills you within thirty heartbeats. The pale yellow ones are to oppress the symptoms of illnesses so that your body can heal and fight it. You remember how to apply it, right? Drink it pure to fight illnesses without fever, mix your blood in it if the illness comes with a fever. You can also use it to keep your body warm, but only for half a day. And don't waste it for its other effect!" He stared at me warningly and I rolled my eyes but nodded. "Good. The last, the deep green ones are concentrated healing potions. One should suffice to heal several deep cuts, close huge wounds or let bones and sinew grow together again. Never apply it directly in its pure concentration or the shock of the forced healing could kill you. Use blood as a thinner or saliva, but blood is much better. You got it?"

"Yes Arias. Thank you that will be helpful." I bowed my head in thanks when he laid a waxed binder and a small box that was pitch-black on the table. I looked up and he smiled at me.

"That's a map of Suenarie, with all the discoveries I made when I was young, completed with your discoveries. It has different layers for different information." He pushed the binder into my hand and I opened it and unfolded a map that was extremely detailed. Streets, forests, lakes, towns and cities were marked and when I touched a symbol at the upper right corner the view changed and I could see the heights of the landscape. Touching another icon and I gasped as blue, silver and golden lines shimmered on the surface, even some black and violet ones among them.

"Magic concentration lines?" I asked in amazement.

"Yeah. And here," he pointed to a small pen-shaped metal piece that was plugged in a loop at the bottom, "you can make your own additions. Either into the existing maps or," pushing another emblem and the marking on the maps vanished except for orientation points like mountains, rivers and huge cities, "on a completely new one. When you come back I will take over your additions."

"That's great! Thanks a lot!"

"Here, you know what this is, right?" Arias slid the small, black box over to me. I opened it and smiled.

"A magic compass!"

Arias nodded. "Here, this needle points to north. This one points to Arrandar and this one is a magic detector. Drib a drop of your blood on it so that it won't point at you. And these two are for you and Sorr'an. Again a droplet of your blood on one and one of Sorr'an on the other." Arias gave me a needle and I pricked the fingertip of my thumb, dribbling my blood on the magic needle and then on one of the black ones, that took a deep purple after a moment. "Good and now this." Arias held up three items, a big bottle with a clear fluid in it, a medium sized one with blue gel and another phial with a red liquid.

My eyes budged, I blushed and stammered: "The hell?! I... You..." Taking a calming breath I gritted out: "I have no use for these, Arias. Thank you, but no."

Arias grinned. "Oh come on!"

"No! What for? I don't have much space left in my vest pocket, so no!"

But the Dhuran mage just kept grinning. "Oh yes. It doesn't hurt to take it with you and I'm sure you will be grateful to me." The grin disappeared from his face and he presented another phial to me. This one was much smaller, containing a black liquid, golden threads dancing in it. I stopped breathing for a moment, eyes going wide and when I mouthed 'Is it real?' Arias nodded and added sternly: "Yeah. Take care of it! It's more worth than everything else together. Protect it with your life and only use it when it's absolutely necessary. Be careful though, it can have... Unwanted and hefty secondary effects. If you spill it or break the phial I will come and kill you. I mean it!"

I took the small phial with shaky hands and hid it in the safest place in the time-space pocket of my vest. After a pointed look from Arias I grudgingly also put the remaining three bottles into it. Then I furrowed my eyebrows. "I appreciate all this excellent help, but it's so much... Do you think I will need all of this?"

Arias sighed. "I hope not, but..."

I frowned at my mentor. "You had a vision?"

The Dhuran mage rubbed his palm over his face and looked old and tired for a moment, an expression I only saw once and it ended in big trouble for everyone. "No vision, no precognition. More a foreshadowing. Everything was blurred but I had a feeling of unshirkable doom the whole time. Niven," his eyes bored into mine, "they are after Sorr'an. And after you. Be careful!"

When he looked away I shook my head to get my thoughts in order. "They?" I asked.

"I don't know. I didn't see faces, didn't hear voices or names. Some were human, some were not. But they all meant great threat!"

I blinked then smirked. "Yeah, but you misunderstood that. I will be the great threat for them. I came out of every shit that stood in my way, so don't worry about me and the kitten. I take care of him and come back. Prepare a statue of me, a beautiful girl in one arm and a handsome guy in my other, one foot on the head of a demon whose tongue hangs out of his mouth. Oh and make the girl and boy naked, I would like that!"

Arias snorted but then grinned. "Perhaps I make a statue of you and Sorr'an, have you kneel in front of him and propose to him."

I made a face but then hugged my mentor. "I will come back. Take care of your old bones and don't worry!"

Hugging me back Arias replied: "Yeah, just be cautious Niven." Increasing the pressure a little he added: "And take your chances!"

I rolled my eyes when I retreated but said nothing, shouldered my backpack and waved my goodbye at Arias then left for the kitchen.

In the kitchen Gerald and Elise had prepared a solid meal, fried meat and bacon, scrambled eggs with onions in them, bread, butter and fruits. Sorr'an sat on a chair in the corner where the table stood and munched on a strip of bacon. I nodded my good morning to all three and took a place, digging in. "It's delicious, Gerald, Elise!" I said between bites but otherwise the meal was spent in silence and not a very comfortable one.

When I was done, I stood up and looked at Sorr'an. "Have you packed your backpack?" The catboy nodded and before he could say anything I added. "I need a droplet of blood for this magic compass. This way the needle will always point in your direction and if we are divided I can find you. This one," I pointed at the deep violet digit, "shows my position."

Sorr'an nodded, took a small knife and held his thumb over the remaining black needle. The moment he cut his finger Elise dropped a heavy iron pan, the clattering sound startling the catboy and me and he smeared his blood all over the compass.

"I'm sorry, I hope I didn't ruin anything..." Elise stammered out.

"Nah, it's okay." I calmed her and washed the compass in a nearby bowl of water. When all blood was washed away I could see the black needle turned blue at the base that turned into a crimson red towards the tip. "It worked, so everything is fine." I regarded Gerald. "Have you prepared something for the first days of our journey?"

Gerald nodded. "Of course Master Niven." He offered both Sorr'an and me a bundle. "Smoked sausages, beef jerky, salt meat, dried fruits and zwieback. And for the next few days I also added salted fish and for today fresh fish," he looked at Sorr'an, "and fresh fruits." He looked at me. Then the servant laid a small package on each of the bundles. "Flints, white iron pyrite and waterproof packed spunk. I even got each of you a pack of matches." When I started to protest Gerald held up his hand. "I know Master Niven, you insist that you don't need them but they may come in handy. And here are your waterskins." He handed me a big one that could be attached to the backpack and a smaller one for the belt. He gave Sorr'an a smaller one, too, and then, while handing him the taller one, added: "In this one is milk. Elise cooked it so it should be stable for a few days." A big grin appeared on the catboy's face and he took the tube and hugged first the medium who looked a little surprised then Elise who blushed a little. Gerald showed me three small pouches. "Here, this is Elise's spice mix, mine and this is the concentrated salt mix that you can use to corn meat underway." He tied the three bags together with a leather cord and offered me them. I took them with a handshake and thank you, smiling at Elise whose blush intensified some. I saw some motion out of the corner of my eyes but when I turned my head I could only see the impassive face of Gerald and Sorr'an sniggered softly away.

I shook my head and said my goodbye then left to the last place I needed to visit before we could leave. Sorr'an silently followed me, the backpack we bought yesterday for him on his shoulders. When I reached my room I pressed my hands against a panel, concentrated for a moment and then the tile slid soundlessly back. In the small alcove hung weapons at the wall and I glided my hand over them. I then took a two-edged poniard and slid it in a scabbard of my right bootleg, an overlong stiletto with a dark green marbled blade into my left sheathe and a jet-black katzbalger in the right sheathe at my belt. A scabbard for six throwing knives was attached to me right rear and one for four to my left rear. At the end I hid a dirk and a hunting knife behind my vest. I secured all weapons with leather strap so that they couldn't clatter against each other. I then looked at Sorr'an who had watched me getting armed. "Hey Sorr'an, do you know how to fight with weapons?"

Sorr'an nodded. "I know. But I only use these." With this he protracted his talons; his fingernails getting longer, stronger, thicker and pointier; the edges seemingly very sharp. I thought for a moment -- there were two weapons in the alcove I never had used but I kept them because of their beauty and mysterious power they held which I wasn't able to decipher so far. I took them out of their holder, showing them to Sorr'an. They were two katars with a leather harness but instead of a blade that pointed straight forward it stuck out in a right angle and then were crooked backwards till they paralleled to the forearms like a bent back claw. Sorr'an breathed in sharply and then took a tentative step towards me. "N'rrors! Where did you get these?"

"I can't remember." I lied nonchalantly. Sorr'an didn't seem to notice because he lifted his arms like he was in trance. "Do you know what they are?"

"Yes. They are N'rrors. The claws of a Katze king. These weapons were used when all Katze tribes had a leader, hundreds of big wheels of the moon ago." Centimeters before his fingers touched the blade he looked in my eyes. "Can I touch them?"

I shrugged and turned them over and he buckled them on. They fitted well. "Do you know how to use them?"

Sorr'an shook his head and stepped back, swung his arms testing around. Unfastening them he presented them back to me hesitantly. "Here..."

"Take them. I tried them but they don't really suit my fighting style."

"Really?" Sorr'an looked at me disbelieving.

"Sure. I rather have a good armed comrade at my side."

"Wow, thank you!" The catboy took a step towards and opened his arms as if he wanted to hug me but then faltered and let them drop. "Erm... Thank you."

"You're welcome. But keep them in your backpack for the time being." I turned and reached for a jewel box that stood at the bottom of the alcove. Opening it I took out four small pouches and let one slip into the bootleg of my left boot, pressed against a hidden mechanism with the tip of one dagger and hid another bag in the case that jumped out of the boot heel. The third went into an inside pocket of my vest and I threw the fourth to Sorr'an who was still inspecting the... N'rrors. Damn, this language is damn hard to pronounce. He caught it. "Good reflexes. This pouch contains money, enough to get you down to Driamor, the city we think your tribe isn't far away from. If we ever get separated you can use it to purchase things. Watch me use the money and I will teach you what to do with it but whatever you do, never lose the pouch. Keep it hidden till I think you're good enough to use it on your own. And don't let some cut-purse steal the money, so wear it close to your body. Understood?" Sorr'an nodded.

"Okay, I see you have hidden your tail, that's good. You should also always wear the hood attached to your shirt on your head while we're underway, because we don't want you recognized as a Katze." Sorr'an put on his hood that his cat ears quite well. "Good, then let's get going. If we hurry we might reach an inn to stay the night."

We reached the inn at dusk, a small house at a crossing. Farmers from the surrounding areas met here to drink and for travelers it was the last roadhouse before Arrandar -- or the first one behind the city. We entered the dining area, the air heavy with the mixture of tobacco and grass that the farmers smoked and the smell of alcohol, sweat and food.

"Okay Sorr'an, take a place while I get us some food and a pitcher of beer." The catboy nodded, slid his backpack from his shoulder and took a seat at a small table in a corner. I went to the counter and greeted the barkeeper. "Good evening. What's for dinner tonight?"

The barman, a thin man with small eyes that darted nervously around and straggly, greasy dark hair, pointed over his shoulder. "We slaughtered a lamb. So lamb roast with mashed potatoes."

"Good, two servings and a pitcher of beer and two mugs. Do you serve?"

The barkeeper snorted. "No. Wait a minute." He went to the grill and cut two portions of lamb roast then added what looked like yellow mucus to the plates and set it down in front of me. He took a pitcher, dipped it into a big barrel and filled it with beer. Two wooden beakers completed my order. "Four copper coins."

"I want a room with two beds."

"Okay, we have one free. Seven copper coins then." He placed a key on the counter.

I counted the money on the table, taking the money not from one of my pouches but from my trouser pockets where I kept a small amount of coins. I took the key, plates and mugs, turned and saw Sorr'an watching me. Good, that was his first lecture on money. I put the plates and beakers down on the table and took a seat. Before I could say a thing a man stepped to our table. He was tall, slim and had wavy white hair but was young. An aquiline nose dominated his face and contrasted his noble facial feature. He wore a long, blue robe, no ornaments or embroideries decorating it.

"Good evening gentlemen. I saw you walking down the street. You're leaving the city, right?" He didn't let me answer. "I think it would be much safer to travel at a party of three, don't you think. The chance that some highwayman will try anything is much smaller. I would like to accompany you -- I will be of help, no question about it!"

I scrutinized him for a moment. No tattoos but he didn't show much skin so perhaps he was an adept or young mage. I thought for a moment before replying. "No thank you Sir, we prefer it to travel alone. But thank you for your offer."

It seemed he wanted to say something but kept quiet, tipped his forehead with his index finger and left. We dug in, I with cutlery and Sorr'an with his fingers. 'Okay, we have to work on that but for now it's okay.' The catboy didn't touch the mashed potatoes but only ate the roast. I couldn't blame him because from close range the slime looked even more disgusting though it thankfully was tasteless. The roast on the other hand was quite delicious. We ate in silence, washed down the food with the beer, then got up and went to our room through a narrow floor.

As soon as we entered the room Sorr'an shrugged the backpack from his shoulder and arched his back. "It's heavy!" he complained.

"You don't wear backpacks in your tribe?"

"We do, but not the hunters and warriors. They only hinder us!"

"Well, we have a long journey ahead of us and I won't carry your stuff!"

Sorr'an only nodded and plopped down on the bed. I put my own rucksack down, got rid of my vest, leather trousers and boots and sat down on my bunk. After some moments Sorr'an asked: "What happens when we get attacked? The seconds it takes to put down the bag..."
