 Hello and welcome to chapter 9! Let's see if Niven survives and Sorr'an can escape slavery... Hope you enjoy! Special thanks to my great beta Cassiopeia.

---------------------------------------------

Demon, Heat and Fire

The knife was pressed against my skin and I felt a sharp pain before the pressure vanished. I heard a surprised yelp, a warm liquid splashed on my face, flowed down my skin and dripped into my slightly open mouth. A metallic-sweet taste invaded my taste buds -- blood! I heard a thump as if a something dropped to the ground, a gurgling sound reaching my ears. Two hands grabbed my shoulders and I was gently shaken.

"Niven? Niven, are you okay?" Sorr'an's voice sounded close to my face. I tried to reply but I was still paralyzed. "Niven!" The shaking became more insistent, then it stopped and I could hear the catboy sniffing me. He gently lifted me up and lowered me to the ground, resting my back against the trunk I have been sitting on. Footsteps departed and I sat there; darkness around me and the crackle of the fire the only thing I could hear.

I don't know how long I sat there but it felt like an eternity before feeling crawled back in my limbs, a tingle in my muscle that started to sting and burn. I slowly opened my eyes, my surroundings a bleary darkness interspersed with bright spots. Blinking I tried to clear my vision and squinted my eyes when I looked into the fire. A few moments later contours sharpened and I looked around. I rested my gaze on a body whose limbs stuck out of it in unnatural angles. There was a puddle of blood under its neck and I shakily stood up, taking a tentative step towards the corpse. It was Welf, his throat a bloody mass like it was pierced from the neck and ripped open by fangs.

I kicked his side and stomach for good measurement, the sickening sound of breaking bones giving me a weird satisfaction. "Taking my eyes, taking my life, hmm?" I stomped on his chest, ribs scrunching under the sole of my boots. "Whoring him out, breaking his will?" A sudden rage filled my mind and I attacked the corpse. "Making him your slave? Cutting off his tail? Torture him to death?!" I stopped violating Welf's body, taking a few deep breaths to calm myself down.

I looked around. No Sorr'an in sight. I started searching and it didn't take me long because I could hear his stifled groans. When I stepped onto a clearance I saw the catboy's hunched silhouette leaning against a tree. He panted heavily and his right hand moved frantically up and down somewhere around his groin. He suddenly stiffened and let out a gasp, resting his forehead against the trunk before he threw back his head and growling out a frustrated. His left hand clawed into the bark of the trunk he stood at and then his right hand sped up again. 

'Damn, the curse. He needs release and it seems his own hand isn't doing the trick.'

I called out softly. "Sorr'an?"

Stopping his motions Sorr'an looked in my direction, turning his body away from me. "Go away!" he growled out.

"Sorr'an, I don't know how to help you but..."

"Go away! JUST GO AWAY!" he screamed.

I blinked and then returned to the campfire. I stopped when I entered the site -- something was off. The fire burnt higher, green and violet flames licked at the wood without consuming it. Suddenly a creature stepped out of it -- black skin and diffused outlines -- and leaned over Welf before straightening up.

"Come out Puppeteer. I can see and smell you."

I cautiously stepped on the clearing. "What are you?"

Turning towards me the creature's body flared up and suddenly a beautiful woman stood before me with porcelain skin, heart-shaped face with full lips, dark hazel eyes, framed by straight, ebony hair. A slender neck melted into narrow shoulders, a hand glided over firm, small breasts, a flat stomach towards her crotch where she rubbed gently, pushing her index finger into her. A small moan escaped her lips before she replied with a honey-sweet voice: "I can be your wildest dream." Tilting her head she smirked. "Perhaps you want me more like this?" Again its form flared up and there stood a young man, strong shoulders, medium long, wavy dark hair, high cheekbones and a sultry smile on his lips. A quick check confirmed that he was naked, too. "You seem to have many fantasies, and I can make them all come true." The voice was velvety but definitely manly and with a cock of his hips he strolled towards me. "Now I know it, perhaps we start with someone like that." Another flare up and Sorr'an stood in front of me. Well, something that looked like Sorr'an. It took another step to me but then suddenly hissed, looking behind me, twisting its face in a way that deformed it into a demonic grimace. I looked over my shoulder and saw the real Sorr'an, his talons prolonged, stalking towards us. The demon retreated a few meters and spat: "Keep him away from me!"

I reached out for Sorr'an and stopped him in his tracks. He stiffened but stood still. "What are you?"

"I'm a Morkran'ol."

'Oh, the demon Welf talked about.' I furrowed my brows. "What do you want here?"

Pointing at the corpse the Morkran'ol replied: "I'm here to claim what's mine. Hold back this... thing," it nodded at Sorr'an, "and I will leave immediately."

"This thing?"

"Yes... I can't see him clearly, he's... Colorless. Unshaped." It sniffed. "There's just a faint scent of my smell, but it's oppressed, mangled and perverted."

I blinked. 'Perverted? And that from a demon whose power is perversity.' Then I remembered Welf's words. When you wake up, you seek, no, you need release again and again. You will fall for the one that gives it to you first, become their slave and obey their wishes even if they destroy you. I took a step forward. "Is he infected with your curse?" I demanded to know.

"I don't know."

"Tell me or we will destroy you!"

"I don't know!" the demon answered, its voice holding an edge of panic.

"Will he become a slave to the one that gives him release?"

"I can't say. He may. I really don't know." Its face took a pleading mien. "Don't destroy me. I you do, there will be others coming after you, so please don't."

I scrutinized it. 'Demons rarely tell the truth but this one actually seems scared though you never can tell with a demon, especially if it's a seducer.' I pondered our options. "Okay, fuck off. Never come close to us again!" I threatened.

Nodding the Morkran'ol scampered to Welf's corpse, shouldered it and then stepped into the fire which blazed up and enveloped them, then they vanished and the fire returned to a normal color at normal height. I looked at Sorr'an who relaxed slightly but then shuddered and turned to leave again.

"Don't Sorr'an."

"I need to... I can't stay..."

"I know what you need to, but please... Don't go away, I don't mind." He looked doubting at me. "I mean... You can't help it and I don't want you wander around in the darkness while you are... distracted. It still is dangerous out here. Bandits and wild animals, you know?"

Sorr'an looked at me for a few moments and walked to the border of the glade. He peeked over his shoulder and I thought I saw him blush a little before he turned and reached into his pants. I sat down with my back to him, trying to ignore the pants and moans. Mental images of Sorr'an jerking off flashed through my mind completely unwanted. I willed them away, concentrating on the fire when I heard a knocking sound turned around, seeing Sorr'an pounding a fist against a trunk. Welf's voice resounded in my head. Becomes their slave... Sorr'an muttered something unintelligible. Obeys every wish... The catboy growled. The longer the release is denied the worse the pain and heat becomes. Sorr'an let out a desperate mewl. I clenched my fists then got up, fumbling in my vest pocket and got out one of the bottles I didn't want to take from Arias. Stepping behind Sorr'an who stiffened when he recognized my presence I gently said: "I hope the curse is only giving you the heat. But there's no use in letting you die because of it, so..."

I uncapped the bottle, smeared the cool liquid on my right hand and gently reached around for Sorr'an's dick. It was scorching hot -- damn, how long was he rubbing it? I applied the cold lube over his rock-hard penis and Sorr'an relaxed a little, leaning back against me. I explained: "This lubricant has a cooling and slightly healing effect in case... smaller wounds appear... I think it will help your abused dick." I massaged the lube into the overheated skin and his dickhead and Sorr'an's head lolled back, resting against my shoulder. I soon supported his weight; my left hand came down to reach into his pants and massaged his balls. The velvety feeling against my fingertips surprised me -- fur covered his sac instead of hair and it felt so soft, so nice against my fingers. Sorr'an started to growl and buck up into my hand and I decided to give him what he obviously needed. With a good hold on his cock I let my thumb rub over the underside of his dickhead, increasing the pressure and the catboy pushed his face in the nook of my neck. His whole body stiffened, his tail wrapping around our waists and then he jerked in my hold while semen shot out of his dick, splattering against the tree and covering my hand. I gently massaged his balls and dick till it started to grow soft, Sorr'an relaxed in my hold and I kissed his temple, carefully stuffing his overused appendage back into his pants.

I supported the catboy while we returned to the fire. "Sit down." I said and Sorr'an complied. I felt unease rise in my chest. "Stand up!" I ordered. He blinked but followed my orders. "Sit down!" Sorr'an sat down, confusion written on his face. I panicked. "Stand up!" I commanded.

The catboy snorted and rolled his shoulders. "I'm a little too tired for such games, you know."

I sighed in relief. "Good. I thought... Not important." I sat beside him and asked: "Is it better now?"

Sorr'an nodded and suddenly hugged me tightly. "Yeah, thank you." He blushed. "I'm sorry you had to do this."

I patted his back and waved his comment aside. "No problem, it wasn't a burden..." I went quiet and after a long moment of awkward silence I cleared my throat. "You should go to bed, it was an exhausting day." I cursed silently -- could I be anymore ambiguous? "I will keep watch, so you can rest peacefully."

"Watch? But we didn't have a watch the last days. The Lichtbeuger still works, right?"

I nodded. "Yeah, just in case another demon will come back." It was a lie but I needed to calm down -- giving release to Sorr'an gave me quite a problem. Sorr'an watched me for a moment and then went to sleep. Soon he snored quietly and I let my mind wander. The Morkran'ol shifted into a woman and a man and that was no surprise. But transforming into Sorr'an finally... And I kissed the catboy when he came -- and if felt natural to do so. I rubbed a hand over my face, feeling something crusty. Lowering it I watched my palm and saw dark-red crumbs -- Welf's blood. I poured some water in my hands and washed the remaining stains away, the cold liquid cooling me down. I decided I pondered enough this night and went to sleep, too.

I woke up the next morning, a slightly familiar weight on top of me. I opened my eyes and blinked groggily till I could see bright green eyes staring into mine. "Good morning, Niven." Sorr'an said huskily. I remained still, captivated by these eyes, so warm and sensual. The Katze lowered his head till his forehead rested against mine. He spoke softly against my lips: "Can I ask for your help again?"

"My help?" I asked confusedly. Sorr'an thrust his groin into my hips. "Oh... Still the curse I guess?" The catboy remained silent and I reached for my vest, pulling out the bottle from yesterday. Lubing my fingers I asked him to lift his hips and he did as told. Reaching in his trousers I fisted his already leaking dick and started to spread the lubricant over the velvety flesh. Sorr'an pushed into my hand, a low purr rumbling in his chest. His lips were only an inch apart from mine and his thigh rubbed against my morning hardness teasingly. I shivered and felt my control slip away. I stopped and loosened my hold on the Katze's dick. Sorr'an growled disappointedly. "Hush... Turn around, I don't want you to soil our clothes when you come." The Katze complied and wriggled a little till he found a comfortable position. I resumed my ministration of his penis and he moaned in response. Automatically my free hand caressed his stomach before slipping in his trouser, fondling his testis. Oh, how great they felt in my palm, the fluffy fur-covered sac so soft against my skin. I stifled a moan; his thigh wasn't pressing against my groin anymore but therefore his wonderful butt rubbed against it and a cat ear tickled my nose. I doubled my efforts to bring him to fruition. 'I just can't lose my control -- I can't!' Sorr'an's scent invaded my nostrils and I threw back my head, increasing the pressure on his dick as much as I deemed enjoyable. The Katze mewled softly then pushed up and moaned, his cock pulsing strongly in my hand. His essence spurted out and I even got some on my chin, then Sorr'an melted into a purring mass, snuggling against me. "A shooter..." I murmured.

Sorr'an tilted his head lightly. "Shooter?" he asked in a low purr.

"Yeah... It just means that you shoot your semen quite far..."

Sorr'an blinked. "Is this good?"

"It means nothing." I replied. He didn't have to know that I kinda deemed it sexy. I wiped my hand against the leaves on the ground. "Come on, get up. If we hurry we can get to the next city today."

Sorr'an gently laid his hand on mine that was still holding his spent dick and urged it to put it back in his pants. I did so and retreated both hands when the Katze turned, smiled at me and nuzzled my neck. "I can help you out with that, too." He purred and gently rubbed his palm against my highly aroused hardness.

I closed my eyes and gritted my teeth. "No, we need to get moving or we won't make it today. I want a bed tonight."

I opened my eyes and saw a bright smirk on Sorr'an's lips. "I see; a bed. Well, then let's get going so we have a bed tonight." He rolled from me and started to pack his things. I blinked and got up, too, trying to will down my arousal. 'That will be one hell of a journey today.'

--------------Later this evening-----------------

I sighed in relief when the city gates came in sight. I had tried to walk in front of Sorr'an the whole day so that I didn't have to look at him but he had insisted to walk beside me and my gaze had drifted to the Katze again and again. When I lifted my hand to scratch my nose or chin I had the musky scent of his dick, balls or semen in my nostrils. It unnerved me how my body reacted to it and walking long with a raging hard-on just wasn't comfortable. I would have to do something about it or this journey would become a long torture and I had a plan.

It was an hour after dawn and the gates were already closed so I pounded against the metal door that was embedded into the gates. After a moment a spyhole opened and a watchman's face appeared.

"What do you want so late in the night?"

"We're sorry but we were surprised by the nightfall. Can we please come in?"

"No!" barked the man in a harsh tone of voice. "After sunset only people with an official passport from the city elders are allowed to pass."

I rummaged in my vest pocket. "Perhaps this is equally sufficient?" I handed the watch guard a copy of Arias' signet that carried his magical signature. Surely the guard wouldn't be able to see it but Arias was a very well-known man in Meygran and in Tamspod he was popular and his official seal a sign that the person wearing it is trustworthy.

The watchman took the round, flat stone and examined it, looked at me before returning it nodding. He opened the small door and waved us inside. "The next time be here before nightfall, understood?"

"Yes, we're sorry." I quickly walked down the road. I knew my way around in Dal Beron because I was in this city quite often. There was an inn, the Steel Keg, I stayed regularly at when taking a break for a night on my journeys and I led us there. It was a big, two-storied house that stood alone in the middle of the Soaker's Square; a name the Steel Keg helped to shape. Entering the bustling taproom I could smell the typical odor of An Old Man's Feet -- a special kind of tobacco they served here with home-brewed beer called Cat Piss. Despite their names both tasted quite good and I spent many evenings and hours enjoying both in not very healthy amounts but tonight I needed something else. I stepped up to the counter, greeting the barkeeper. "Hello Raffy. How are you doing these days?"

A middle-aged, tall man with black hair, which showed hints of a silvery grey, and a soft face with light blue eyes turned and grinned friendly. "Niven, long time no see." He rounded the bar and embraced me in a big hug. "Things are fine -- even in the worst times people drink and smoke, perhaps even more than in good times." He pulled back a little, his big hands resting on my shoulders. "You look good. Too bad Marna ain't here today." I winced a little and Raffy laughed. "Don't fear, I think she would have emptied a pitcher of beer over your head but then hugged you. As she always does when you return after a long time of absence, though this time the part where you two went upstairs would have been canceled. She's married now and in good hope."

I blinked surprised. "Really?" I smiled. "Well, I'm happy for her."

Raffy nodded. "I know. Now, who's your companion here?" He looked at Sorr'an.

"He's... a friend." I answered.

"A friend, right..." The barkeeper lifted a brow but didn't say anything further. I was glad that he was a good friend and knew when to be discreet -- a quality good barmen always have. 

Looking around confirmed my worry that we drew quite some attraction with Raffy greeting me soundly and Sorr'an hooded in his coat. "Hear Raffy, can you give us a room with two beds and bring him a good serving of meat with a mug of beer?" I looked at the Katze. "You don't smoke, do you?" The catboy shook his head.

"You don't want anything?" Raffy asked.

"No, I just put down my things; I have something to take care of."

Fumbling under his apron Raffy conjured up a key and gave it to me. I motioned to Sorr'an to go upstairs and followed him. When we entered the room the catboy and I set our backpacks down. "Okay listen, you will get a meal soon and some beer to wash it down. I'm leaving but I won't be away very long."

"Where are you going?"

"Nothing important, just something I have to take care of. Enjoy the beer and tell Raffy if you want more. Perhaps we take a day off after all what happened last night with Welf." Sorr'an looked at me a little lost when I turned to leave and I was tempted to ruffle his hair but left the inn.

I went south and just before the working class neighborhood degenerated I arrived at my destination. Red lanterns swung above a sign, illuminating it. It read 'Lady Mireille and her ladies' and hung above the entrance to a brothel I knew was clean, discreet and had moderate prices. The whores were of adequate beauty and skill and that was more than enough for me tonight. I entered the building, the scent of flower perfume lingering in the air. I paid the bawd her share to enter the room where I could choose from the women who were momentarily available. Just one look around and I chose a small woman with red-dyed strands in her black hair. I followed her to her room and when the door closed I placed a silver coin on the nightstand.

The whore made a surprised face before grinning. "Well, that's enough for a whole night sweetie. Or do you have special preferences?" She furrowed her brows. "I don't do everything, you know..."
