 The taxi paused, hovering outside the upscale apartment complex in one of the orbiting habitat's more exclusive districts and disgorged two occupants, before levitating back up and away. One of the two was Lia Kwan, a third-year student at Interplanetary University, back from a night of clubbing, with a side project of trying unsuccessfully to fix-up her fellow-student Hellea Svensen. Lia's companion for the evening was From-Achernar, a being of pure energy, from a dimension that impinged on normal space somewhere in the vicinity of the star ancient Earthlings had named Achernar and...well, she hadn't really been listening closely to that part. From-Achernar had been one of the potential partners Hellea had rejected over the course of the evening; Lia had sought the being out herself later and struck up a conversation, intrigued by...well, by *the possibilities*, she told herself, not really sure enough of what those possibilities were to do much specific thinking on the matter. Perhaps the club's three-drink minimum had had some effect on things...

As for From-Achernar's part, it was thrilled, and secretly a tiny bit ashamed, and all the more excited by that feeling. The fetish it had for corporeals, for the things it could do with, and teach them about, their beautifully primitive nervous systems was considered a perversion by most of its species....it was glad most of its species didn't know about this particular dimension.

As they entered Lia's apartment, she almost ordered the lights on, but noticed the soft glow her companion was emitting, and decided that would suit the mood of the evening... 

From-Achernar gently took her hand, raised it to his...what should she call the meter-wide ball of varicolored light? Was it even really a 'he'?...and she felt a pleasant tingling, like pins-and-needles, only less intense and warmer, lightly brush the back of her hand, static electricity making tiny hairs stand on end. Lia suddenly looked down and away. She would've blushed, if her complexion had lent itself to it.

"Can I get you a...uh...anything?" she asked, a little embarrassed by her lack of knowledge. Did energy beings eat? drink? what? 

"The pleasure of your companionship is all I desire this evening," piped the alien's high-pitched voice in reply.

"Aww, that's sweet, I--" Lia's voice cut off in a little gasp as the alien turned the hand it had "kissed" over and the tingling shifted to the sensitive inside of her wrist. Little flickering spots and streaks of the sensation migrated up her arm, then suddenly were along the side of her neck -- in one of her favorite spots! -- Lia closed her eyes and made just the tiniest little groan in the back of her throat as she tilted her head to one side, sort of pressed her neck towards the sensation. There was the oddest feeling then -- like being taken hold of, pulled close, held...only somehow without direct physical contact. 

The tingling at the side of her neck moved down, along her shoulder...beneath the fabric of the top she was wearing, without moving it or any sensation of slipping under or into it....then, seemingly impossibly as the sensation of being embraced and held continued, the "kissing" -- or whatever it was -- moved around and down her back...even as it started up again on the other side of her neck. Lia purred and moved herself at the locations of the tingling. 

The first spot slipped slowly further down her back, as the second began migrating in the same direction.

"Have you been informed that your gluteal protuberances are highly appealing in an aesthetic sense?" asked the alien.

"Huh?" asked Lia. 

What descriptive would she be used to in that context? From-Achernar thought. Then it tried again:

"Has anyone ever told you what a nice ass you have?" 

At that moment, the spots of tingling both completed their journeys, and, light and diffuse, settled as if cupping both cheeks of Lia's ass.

"Oh." she said. "Have you, uh, maybe I should show you the rest of the apartment," she continued after a moment, pulling away and leading the alien into the next room...the bedroom, as it happened. Lia stopped next to, and looking at, her bed. She felt the alien draw up behind her, the sensation of a phantom body pressing against hers from behind, and the tingling in her buttcheeks was there again, stronger now. It was suddenly joined by a mild pins-and-needles feeling in her breasts, at first so light and diffuse she barely noticed it, but swiftly drawing and focusing and concentrating, till her nipples suddenly became so hard they ached. Lia drew in her breath sharply again. 

Then the moving spots of light tingling were seemingly everywhere, on bare skin or under clothes, it made no difference...on her breasts, her neck, her belly (especially her bellybutton), her hips, her ass again....

Lia closed her eyes and sortof swayed back-and-forth, her breathing deepening. 

Suddenly the tingling stopped. Lia opened her eyes, opened her mouth then closed it again as she realized she wasn't sure what to ask or to say...*don't stop*, yes, she really should say--

*snap!*

Lia yelped and jumped -- it felt kind of like when she touched something metal after building up a good-sized charge of static electricity, only, kind of different, too.

And it had happened dead-center of her left asscheek. 

*snap!* *snap!*, once on each cheek. *snap!*, a little higher, on her right one. It felt kind of like static electricity, kind of like being snapped with a wet towel ---- and more than a little like being spanked.

How did -- he? -- know? Could he have known? Lia tensed for the next one, the tip of her tongue pushed out from between her lips...anticipating it...*wanting* it... 

*Snap!...snap!....snap!...snap!*...alternating cheeks, pausing between each one...then faster: *snap! snap! snap! snap! snap!* 

Lia let herself fall forward onto the bed, caught herself with her hands, pulled herself onto it so she was on her hands and knees...then lowered her head and shoulders towards the mattress and pushed her ass up and out...presenting it....offering it. 

A moment of nothing...beginning to wonder if she'd done something to kill the mood... 

*Snapsnapapapsnananananappappap!* An unbelievable flurry of the...whatever From-Achernar was doing to her, suddenly rained down on both the cheeks of Lia's upturned ass. "*Mmmmmmmmmmmm!*" came the cry she'd muffled into a hastily-grabbed pillow. Then, just as it was beginning to be too much, it stopped again.

Lia brought her face up out of the pillow, panting, catching her breath, when the tingling started again, fairly intense, though not quite at the peak (so far) it'd reached in her nipples, a moving tingling, pulsing, swirling...around a certain sensitive spot between the cheeks of her now thoroughly warmed backside. Lia moaned softly and pushed herself at the apparent source of this new sensation. The apparent swirling movement of the tingling sped up...started migrating to the center of the small circle it was describing...and -- did it? was it? -- yes, definitely moving down, *in*...definitely starting to enter her...*back there*... 

"*Not* on the first date, buster!" said Lia sharply, glaring back over her shoulder for a moment. 

Obediently -- and maybe even a little sheepishly -- the tingling sensation moved back to the surface of her skin. One more *snap!* on a cheek, making her jump and yelp...and then the tingly spot moved forward, along the sensitive area between her asshole and her pussy, then sortof splitting in two, going around the entrance to her vagina, migrating slowly up her inner folds -- the tingling suddenly grew more intense, Lia briefly wondered why, then remembered, with a sort of internal "duh!", what she'd learned about electrolytes and conductive liquids back in engineering school. The tingling thrummed along her inner folds, the sensation increasing the...electrolyte...down there, to say the very least, migrating with a slow steady determination towards her clitoris, already hard in anticipation.... 

...Then split in two again, went around it (prompting a disappointed little groan from Lia)... 

....And then went *inside* -- right through her flesh, prompting another gasp of surprise -- then it was moving inside -- *really* inside -- her. Whatever part of itself From-Achernar had sent forth on this errand found something...and...*did* something....a nerve-wracking moment when Lia was dead certain she was going to pee herself -- then another moment of *wow! I could come any second!* -- then the tingling was flowing back out onto the surface of her body, through her belly button! She'd never thought of it as an entrance to or egress from her body before, but it was one of her better-liked secondary erogenous zones, and it...worked. As it spread out into a more-diffuse patch of tingling on her abdomen, Lia sighed and relaxed, not realizing till then how much she'd tensed-up. 

The tingling started to move again, up Lia's torso, then split yet again and enveloped her breasts, where it began moving up and down in concentric rings, now a mild warm tingling around their bases, now an almost unbearably intense one in the nipples that had her clenching her teeth and groaning. The *snap!snap!snap!* on her asscheeks started up again, this time a bit more lightly. 

Lia shifted herself, and felt her upper arms glide slickly along her sides. She realized with a start how much she'd started to sweat.

"Wait, wait a minute," she panted. From-Achernar paused in it's...whatever it was doing, and Lia got up off the bed. She was pretty sure it made no difference to what it was doing whether she was clothed or naked, but it was a nice outfit she was wearing...better to take care of it...she began fumbling for fasteners.... 

Moments later the miniskirt, top and set of rings she'd worn that evening were in an untidy heap in the corner, and Lia was clad in only a lacy pink thong. She posed, primped, showing herself off for her companion.

"Like what you see?" she asked, coyly.

"Oh yes!" came the enthusiastic high-pitched reply. Of course, clothes or no clothes made as little difference to From-Achernar's ability to sense as it did to its ability to manipulate -- it had known for some time what Lia Kwan looked like naked. Still, it had learned it was better to compliment than to try and explain. 

And better still to do more than compliment: the alien glided over to where Lia was posing for it, rendered itself diffuse and enveloped her. Lia gasped loudly and cried out as the tingling sensation she'd felt back when the alien had first "kissed" her hand surrounded her entire body. She shivered, and then found herself falling backwards onto the bed. 

Lia felt the sort of phantom pressure again -- this time along her bikini line. Suddenly her thong was being tugged downwards. She raised her ass and felt the last remaining scrap of fabric on her body slip rapidly down her legs, over her feet and off, joining the rest of her clothes in the corner. 

Then the pressure was between her legs, along the insides of her thighs, pushing them slightly apart. Lia spread them wider, flexed her legs slightly as From-Achernar...*distributed* itself atop her. She reached up and around, tried to get hold of it, but it was just too insubstantial -- no back to scratch at, no buttcheeks to grab...Lia grabbed a healthy double-fistful of bedsheets, in anticipation of the "ride" to come... 

From-Achernar's essence vibrated over her from erogenous zone to erogenous zone, nipple-neck-bellybutton-toes...then finally right between her legs. Lightly thrumming harmoniously... shooting little tingles from each place it focused its energies upon... 

Tiny hairs all over Lia's body stood on end and her nipples and clit were sensitive and erect as well. 

From-Achernar moved up for what should have amounted to a kiss... if it had a mouth that was... or a body. But what it felt like was licking one of those antique batteries, what were those called again? oh yeah nine jolts. Tingly and enough to make her jump... her firm smallish breasts bouncing. 

Finally, *finally*, From-Achernar focused all its energy *there*! She could tell it was really concentrating... that low pitched humming was getting louder and louder and the vibration along her delicate folds was increasing drastically. She couldn't hold back any longer she threw her head back tossing it from side to side moaning lightly. 

Had she been looking down she would have seen the mini lightning storms shifting through From-Achernar's essence. She was, however...preoccupied as her arousal built higher and higher... Suddenly those electrical discharges started riding along her as well from clit to nipples to From-Achernar and back --it'd finally achieved a circuit and her moans were a bit different now, higher pitched and even more frantic as her whole body thrummed in tune with the currents pushing her through her first orgasm... and second she was well on her way to number five in fact....

...When From-Achernar realized how close it's own climax was -- it tried its hardest to hold its energies in, to keep from...*discharging* as Lia swept upwards towards yet another of those lovely, lovely fireworks displays her nervous system had been putting on, her vocal accompaniment to it providing further indication of her status, even as it made it even harder for From-Achernar to hold back. 

"Oh God!...Don't stop!....I'mgonna!...*again*!! ...*OhhhGod*ohyesspleasemoremoremoremoreohhyesyesyes*yes*ohohohh*aaaauh--*" cried Lia.

"--Uuuha*aahhhh*--GLAAAHH!", she finished, as From-Achernar lost control and released its own orgasm.

"I'm sorry...I didn't mean...I just...it's been so long..." the energy being stammered to the soft fleshy being that now lay curled up on its side, muttering things in some Human language From-Achernar was strangely glad it was unfamiliar with. It strongly suspected there wouldn't be a second date with this one. Pity. 

A few days later, Lia and Hellea were changing clothes in the womens' locker room at the local gym when Hellea noticed something...different about her sometime friend.

"Ooh, la-la," said Hellea teasingly. "Regular bikini wax not doing it for you anymore?"

Lia angrily muttered something under her breath.

"What's that, Lia? I can't hear you," Hellea replied. "Oh, did you decide to shave instead of wax?" she added, noticing the tube of Trisolarcaine(tm) Lia was gingerly applying to herself...*down there*.

Lia again said something peevish-sounding, but inaudible.

"I still can't hear you," said Hellea. "You know, I've heard sometimes it can get irritated like that when you shave it, maybe next time you could try--"

Lia wheeled on Hellea. "I didn't freaking shave, okay? The energy being I picked up at the club the other night singed all my pubic hair off when it came!"