 [All characters depicted are eighteen years of age or older]

***

The rough, rocky ground shot pain into Liliana's feet with every step. As was the custom, she was allowed to wear only the ceremonial white tunic and nothing else. The fabric was thin enough to see through, giving her a feeling of embarrassment whenever she looked down at herself. Despite being completely alone, she felt as though she were walking naked through town square.

Looking up towards the peak of Mt. Greog, however, overshadowed that embarrassment with fear. A great black cloud swirled atop the mountain, which signaled the return of the demon Greog. Every year Greog descended into the human realm, and every year a sacrifice was demanded to assuage his wrath. This offering took the form of a young maiden, selected by the priesthood. Today Liliana had become that unlucky girl.

As she progressed, a ferocious wind threw up the lower section of Liliana's tunic and exposed her crotch. She pushed the cloth down despite knowing there was no one to hide herself from, and the cloth was translucent anyway. After all, only a harlot would say it's okay to be indecent as long as no one sees it. And Liliana was no harlot.

The girl huffed with exhaustion as as she finally reached Mt. Greog's peak. While sitting down to rest, she noticed that despite the searing pain in her feet, there were no cuts or bruises. Not even a spot of dirt or drop of sweat tarnished her form. Her body felt unsettling in its perfection. Then her attention diverted when the wind abruptly stopped

The top of the mountain was a great barren plateau. Black liquid dripped from the cloud into a small pond at the center of the expanse. Liliana began to shake with trepidation. She knew her fate as a sacrifice, but only now did she truly understand it. The thought of fleeing down the mountain briefly crossed her mind, though of course that would only serve to destroy more lives. No, the only option was to accept the situation and give her life away so that others may live on.

Something emerged from the pond. The black substance clung to the rising form like sludge. The silhouette of a man stood atop the pond, as though it were no deeper than a puddle. His features were slowly revealed as the sludge began to fall away. The man wore no clothes, giving full view of his tan skin and a muscled physique. Despite the grey color of his hair, he appeared to be middle-aged at the oldest. His penis looked quite large to Liliana, even though she had never seen one before and had no frame of reference. The girl caught herself staring at the man's hanging member, and averted her eyes in shame.

"Come, girl," the man said. Liliana did not obey at first, allowing a few moments of hesitation. She then reluctantly stood and began her approach. Her eyes were fixed to her feet until she reached the edge of the pond. Then she finally looked up and met the man's gaze. Neither of them spoke. They simply stared in silence. Finally the man placed his hand on her cheek.

"How beautiful," he said. "Absolutely stunning." Liliana blushed. Her fear had morphed into anxiety, as though she was meeting her future husband instead of imminent death.

"Do you know who I am?" The man asked.

"You...You're Greog," said Liliana. The man smirked.

"That is Greog," he said, pointing up toward the great black cloud. "My name is Henrik."

"Henrik the Pure," Liliana affirmed. She had heard the tale of King Henrik, who six hundred years ago sacrificed the purity in his heart to keep Greog from devouring his people. Painters always depicted Henrik with a head of long blonde hair, which is likely the reason she didn't recognize him.

"Yes," Henrik said. "But even the purest of hearts cannot stave off a hungry demon forever." He ran a hand through Liliana's silky brown hair. "That is why I need you. With your offering the wretched Greog will be banished once more. What is your name, dear?"

"Liliana."

"A beautiful name for a beautiful girl. I'm sorry you've been placed in this situation, Liliana. Thousands of lives are resting on your shoulders. It is a heavy burden, but a noble act. Are you prepared to make that sacrifice?"

"Yes," said Liliana. "I am ready to die." The girl no longer felt the gravity of those words. She was completely lost in Henrik's kind expression.

"You may not necessarily die," said Henrik. "Though your previous life is over, you can choose how to proceed. The first choice is that you offer your moral purity in killing me and become the new channel through which new offerings will be made. The second is that you offer your sexual purity in giving your body to me, which I will channel to Greog." Henrik turned and walked to the center of the black pond. "Come to me when you have made your choice."

Liliana contemplated for several minutes. By killing Henrik she could live on, which was a refreshing idea. When she began her journey, she had resigned herself to being brutally murdered by a devilish monster. Now her life could be saved, though she was uncertain of what her new life would entail. The second option, however, did not seem so bad either. Her life would end not by grisly violence, but through sexual release. But what would happen to her soul when it is over? Would it belong entirely to Greog, or would he merely extract its purity? If that were the case, would she go to Heaven or Hell? It was a n incredibly difficult decision, yet whenever she looked at Henrik's grandiose figure she felt the choice had already been made.

Liliana took a deep breath and stepped into the pond. The black sludge felt like mud between her toes. Just like Henrik she did not sink below the surface, though the actual depth of the pond was unknown to her. Looking toward the sky, she noticed that the drizzle of black liquid had stopped. When exactly that happened, she was unsure. Her attention had been focused entirely on Henrik. As Liliana approached, the former king turned to face her.

"Have you decided?" He said.

"I..." Liliana stammered. "I wish to offer my body." She averted her eyes as she spoke, her cheeks turning red. Henrik smirked.

"They always do," he said with a somewhat smug tone. He then grabbed Liliana's arm and pulled her close, wrapping his other arm around the small of her back. All anxiety melted away as she felt the warmth of his body pressed against her. Henrik looked deep into her eyes for a long moment, then kissed her. Liliana wrapped her arms around Henrik, slowly rubbing up and down his back as their lips locked. Henrik's hand glided underneath the tunic and squeezed her round, tight butt. She could feel his manhood growing as it pressed between her thighs.

Henrik pulled away and grabbed her tunic at the chest. "You don't need this anymore," he said, and pulled hard. The thin fabric ripped with ease and fell at Liliana's feet, sinking into the black muck. Liliana almost put up an arm to reflexively cover her breasts, but stopped herself. Her life as an innocent maiden was over.

Henrik grabbed a supple breast with one hand and seized her wrist with the other. He placed Liliana's hand on his member, which was now fully erect. She wrapped her fingers around his long, thick shaft and began to stroke. Henrik leaned in for another kiss, this time snaking his tongue into her mouth. Their tongues swirled around each other in a passionate and lustful dance. The head of his penis grazed against her clitoris as Liliana moved closer. Then without thinking, she dropped to her knees.

Before she had become a sacrificial offering, Liliana always thought that even once she was married, fellatio would be off-limits. That sort of thing was beneath her, she thought. It was an act reserved for undignified whores. Now, with Henrik's cock mere inches from her face, Liliana felt captivated by its presence. The urge to have it in her mouth was intensely compelling.

Holding the bottom of his shaft, Liliana placed her lips on Henrik's manhood, which throbbed with pleasure as her tongue swirled tenderly around the head. She then put her hands on his hips and brought her head forward, enveloping his manhood in her wet and eager mouth. The feeling of him sliding across her tongue, pressing against the back of her throat, filled Liliana with excitement. She had become the undignified whore she so loathed, and she loved it.

Liliana looked up to Henrik as she sucked his cock. His head was thrown back and he groaned softly. He ran his fingers through her hair as she picked up speed, his member slightly prodding down her throat with every thrust. Henrik then took firm hold of Liliana and pulled her head toward him. Her lips pressed against the base of the shaft as his cock pushed itself down her throat. Her throat was tight against him, and Liliana began to choke, which only made it tighter.

"My God," Henrik exclaimed joyously. He let go and Liliana fell back gasping. "Was that too much?" He asked.

"No," Liliana said between breaths. "Do it again." The girl quickly regained composure and swallowed his cock once more. Henrik grabbed her by the hair and shoved himself down her throat repeatedly. Liliana gagged less and with each thrust until his member slid in and out of her throat effortlessly. Threads of spit hung from her lips and ran down her chin, swinging back and forth as she slammed against him over and over.

Henrik pushed down her throat one last time and remained there while he let out a long groan. He then let go and Liliana fell onto her back with a wide smile, breathing heavily. Her throat ached with each breath, exhilarating her. Henrik dropped down and leaned over her. He wiped the spit from her chin and they kissed once more with passionate fervor. He grabbed her breast as she put her arms around his neck and rubbed her thighs against his. Then she felt him enter her.

The feeling was greater than she could have anticipated. Her head reared back and she let out a soft moan. Henrik began sucking on one breast while continuing to fondle the other, unmoving inside her. Liliana could feel his cock throbbing against the walls of her vagina, and let out another moan as his tongue traced the outside of her nipple. Henrik then straightened up, put his hands on her hips, and began to fuck her.

Lilana's groin exploded with pleasure. She arched her back and dug her hands into the muck, moaning with every thrust. Henrik began to grunt as he picked up speed slightly The sound of flesh slapping against flesh echoed through her mind as she became lost in her ecstasy.

Henrik's hands moved back to her breasts and squeezed hard. Liliana placed her hands on his and looked down to watch his cock slide in and out of her. She noticed that Henrik's knees had dug into the muck by a few inches. Her body had done the same. She thought little of it, and reared her head back once more.

After a few minutes, Henrik pulled back and stood up, his chest heaving. He gestured for her to come, and Liliana rose to her feet. The muck was up to their ankles. Henrik turned her around and pulled her close, pressing her ass against him. His cock stuck between her legs, rubbing against her labia as they kissed. The head of his penis slipped into Liliana, and he held her arms behind her.

"God damn I love virgins," said Henrik as he began pounding into her. Liliana let out a series of animalistic grunts as she rocked back and forth. The feeling of him slamming against her sent waves of pleasure through her body. Henrik groaned loudly and began fucking her even harder. Soon he was pounding so hard that he lost his grip and sent Liliana falling forward, landing on her hands and knees.

Liliana's shins were completely enveloped in the black muck, as well as part of her forearms. Or course, she was too busy enjoying herself to care. Henrik knelt down behind her and grabbed a handful of hair. He placed his other hand on her lower back and continued fucking her in long, slow strokes.

"Unh...So...Fucking...Good," Liliana moaned.

"You like that, huh?" said Henrik, picking up the pace slightly.

"Yes," she said repeatedly. "Yes...Yes...Nh...Yes...Fuck." She spoke as though she was intoxicated.

Henrik let go of Liliana's hair and grabbed her ass with both hands. He gave a firm squeeze, then slapped her. Liliana yelped. He slapped again, and again, all the while thrusting gradually harder and faster. Liliana's moans grew increasingly loud as pleasure welled up inside of her. The feeling grew like a volcano on the verge of eruption. Then it finally burst. Liliana screamed at the top of her lungs while her body quivered with delight.

Liliana collapsed as Henrik fell backward, both of them breathing heavily. The girl reveled in her orgasm, feeling her vagina pulse with satisfaction. When she eventually came down, all around her was black. The only thing she could see was Henrik stroking himself and watching her with lustful eyes. The two lovers were completely submerged in the black pond.

The girl got on her hands and knees and crawled toward Henrik. She then put her mouth on his cock as a show of gratitude. Henrik rubbed her shoulders tenderly as she bobbed up and down. He then lifted her head up and kissed her. Their tongues lapped in synchronicity while she stroked his wet manhood. Liliana moved forward and straddled his cock, inhaling sharply as she lowered herself onto him. The two embraced each other, their chests pressed together as she slowly grinded on him. Henrik kissed her neck and she closed her eyes.

When Liliana's eyes opened, she was hovering above herself, looking down on the pair of lovers. Her body had gone limp. Her arms swung back and forth lifelessly as Henrik continued to fuck her. Her head hung back and her eyes glazed over, her mouth open dumbly. She could still feel Henrik inside of her, his arms around her, his lips on her neck, but those sensations gradually faded as her soul drifted upward.

The feeling in her body was lost completely when Liliana rose out of the pond. Looking around, the young offering found herself in an unfamiliar environment. She was no longer at the top of a mountain, but in an alien realm. Back fog surrounded everything. The pond had disappeared and the ground was a mess of grey, slimy tentacles chaotically intertwined. Scores of young women littered the landscape for as far as she could see. Each one was penetrated and fondled by Greog's slender limbs, creating a chorus of guttural moans, groans, and screams.

Liliana looked down as one of the tentacles began to snake up her leg, and she thought to herself that maybe she had gone to Heaven.