 ( Hey, back again with a new chapter. The scenes will start getting more intense as Rose and Eve open up to each other, and yes, I do have some really interesting ideas planned for them. A comment asked why I put the XXXs to show when something sexual happens. There is one simple reason but I'll describe it the best I can. There are three types of people who come to sites like these. 1: To read the story and enjoy the smut. 2: To read the smut and leave. 3: To read the story but avoid smut. Because of this, I have a warning before each sexual encounter so that you can either find the smut easier or to avoid it completely. I do understand that this may come as an inconvenience to the first type of people but this is the best plan I could come up with to make everyone equally happy )

*****

The cab ride was mostly a blur through exhausted eyes. Rose had me tucked under her arm as we cuddled on the one side to counteract the cold of night. Our wet hair and underwear doing little to help that cause. It was't long before we were back in her apartment, both of us sinking into the bathtub to let the boiling water reheat us. I kept my hands between my legs, unconsciously trying to hide my secret even in my tiresome state. I don't think I'd ever get used to her knowing about it. After we got washed up, it was straight to bed. "Oh, sweet mother of god!" Rose stretched across the double bed, arching her back and rolling over to hug the blankets "I don't think I've ever been this damn tired...". Chuckling softly, I joined her and she pulled the blankets over both of us. Her hands touched my hips and she looked into my eyes "This feels right". She gave a warming smile and kissed me passionately, running her fingers along my side until she broke the lock. Blushing, I bit my finger and wiggled lower into the blanket so I could hide my face.

We lay side-by-side for the second time, holding each other in a warm embrace as we drifted off "Goodnight, Eve". At least there was nobody waiting for me back at my house because I honestly didn't want to leave those four walls of her bedroom. She was asleep before me, giving me a chance to just look at her and think about what would happen for us. To think that just two days ago, I would have never thought I'd be in this position. I slid a bit closer to her and nervously kissed her forehead, receding back to my spot with a faint blush as I closed my eyes. Whatever was ahead, at least I would be with my Rose. Like that, I dozed off. Little did I know of what would be waiting for me in the morning...

=XXX

"Yes, Eve..." almost inaudible yet it woke me up. Heavy, muffled breaths were disturbing the quiet of early morning but I didn't stir or make a sound. I was on my side, staring at the mushroom brown wall, knowing full well what was happening behind my back. Every now and then, the bed would make an odd motion which only proved my theory. Was Rose masturbating next to me? It was the only explanation. This continued for a while and she was only getting more and more restless. To make it even worse, the commotion was extremely arousing. I wanted to roll over and confront her, to help relieve herself but I couldn't. I was too scared to even move a muscle, scared to give in to that side of me. So I was alone, forced to hear those torturing gasps and groans as she 'secretly' played with herself. 

I bit the blanket and closed my eyes. Why was I the one feeling embarrassed? Suddenly, it got quiet. After a few moments, there was a soft cry of pleasure and a sharp jerk of her body as she climaxed. To avoid waking me, she rolled onto her stomach and moaned into the pillow while her hand furiously rubbed the much-needed orgasm to it's very peak. Those lewd noises almost made me lose control. Then everything started to calm down, the movements halted and she let out a deep exhale of satisfaction. As if nothing happened, she got cozy in bed again and snuggled against my back, leaving me helpless with a throbbing erection. I stayed absolutely still for the next half hour, waiting until Rose's breathing was in a slow and steady rhythm, signalling that she was finally asleep. 

Quiet, besides the drum-roll of my heartbeat, the apartment had an eerie silence. I swallowed hard, fighting back the need to adjust the erection that was very uncomfortably trying to push out of my underwear. The slightest movement of my arm would cause Rose to stir in her sweet slumber, leaving me without any options but to wait and see if it would calm down. Waiting and thinking, something crossed my mind. Why did Rose feel the need to masturbate? There were countless excuses running through my mind but I knew in my heart why. She was unfulfilled by me. It makes sense, I've always been on the receiving end of our sexual encounters and I did nothing to even try to accommodate for her troubles. My chest coiled slightly and I bit softly on my knuckle while I relished in the guilt. There was only one way to fix this...

XXX=

A smirk nipped at my lips. The very thought of it was exciting me. Tonight I would prove my love to her... 

Falling asleep was easy after I got that worry off my chest. Worming into the blanket, I slipped unconscious once again. The next few hours passed by in a blink.

I rolled onto my side. Lazily opening my eyes, I was greeted by Rose's loving smile "Hey, babe..." she whispered sweetly to me while her hand came up to touch my own. The way her untamed crimson strands were draping over her left eye and how her green hues twinkled against the red. It was a sight to see. Blushing, I entwined my fingers with her's and rested our hands on the pillow between us. Somehow I didn't feel weird about what she was doing earlier, as though I'd focused those feelings into fueling my plan. "Is everything okay? It seems like there's something on your mind" she shifted a bit closer to me and kissed my hand playfully with a cheeky grin. I shook my head quickly to avoid suspicion and then I pulled away from her to sit up. She did the same, stretching her arms to either side as she yawned. "I'll have to go out a little later but besides that I think I'm just gonna chill here for the day" pushing her hair back and glancing over at me with that same grin.

A whole day to ourselves. Nobody and nothing would ruin our lazy day. And what a great day it turned out to be; The air had an icy nip to it and the dark clouds were looming over the city, staring down at those not worthy enough to be up there where the smell of rain would indulge your senses. I've always loved the rain and cold days when I could just curl up into a blanket and close my eyes. We ate breakfast in the lounge area while we watched an episode of some weird Anime she was into. I couldn't make heads or tails of anything but there was one character who wrote names in a book. It sounded pretty cool actually. Rose put her plate down and sank back in the couch "I'll have to go after this episode, sorry. Just something I gotta do quickly" a hint of mystery in her voice that caught my attention. I looked at her curiously. It made me remember what happened the day before, what that guy said. This girl that I loved was a complete stranger to me and it made me anxious to know where she wanted to go. 

The episode ended shortly after and she pecked my lips softly "I'll be right back, okay?". Nodding, I shifted back on the couch and pulled the blanket over my lap. She gave a small grin before disappearing into her room to change her clothing while I just sat there, wondering where she needed to go. "Alright!" she walked out the room in a pair of jeans and a baggy shirt "Bye!". The door shut behind her and she was gone. Where she was going was a mystery to me. I let my gaze linger on the door for a few seconds before it glided over to the T.V. Why was I feeling that way? I should be able trust her, shouldn't I? Shaking the thoughts aside, I stood up and walked up to the cabinet under the T.V. Maybe I could take my mind off it. There was a black controller wrapped neatly in it's cord resting inside and it gave me an idea. How did she do it again? I found the 'ON' button for her gaming console and switched through the channels to find the right one, remembering how to do it from watching Rose play on it before. It did look fun, so why not?

It was set to load up the last game she was playing so I just plopped back down on the couch while I waited for it to start. Remembering from watching Rose, I navigated through the main menu and created a new save file. Okay, easy part out the way. Then I lost sense of time. Who knew that I would be the world's greatest demon slayer? I was sucked into the world of gaming instantly and the feeling of a controller in my hands was amazing. First level went to the next and the next and the next. A psychotic grin spread across my face and I decapitated the great demon lord who fell as a heap of gory blood and guts at my feet. My fingers tapped the controller's D-Pad to select the 'NEXT MISSION' option when suddenly the door handle lowered with a creak. 

Like a zombie, I turned my head slowly to look at the door. Being so hooked to the T.V, I had to blink a few times to regain my vision. There's no way that Rose could be back so fast, right? To my surprise, she appeared with her hands behind her back "Hey, Eve? I'm home!" She saw me immediately, raising an eyebrow when she noticed the controller in my hands. "No way..." she muttered quietly and quickly glanced at the T.V screen "This is either a trick or you just became an even hotter girlfriend". I blushed and diverted my eyes with a sheepish smile. Rose joined me on the couch, taking extra care in hiding whatever she was holding. It was still odd that she got home so quick. I took a very quick peak at the clock on her wall and noticed that she had actually been gone for about an hour and a half but I mustn't have noticed because I was so into the game.

"Eve..." she started. I pulled my eyes to hers, getting curious as to what she was up to. She smiled nervously and continued "I got you something that might make your life a little easier. It's nothing much but maybe you'll appreciate it" her voice was smooth and gentle. Nodding, I swallowed hard and awaited my gift. She gave a warm smile and pulled something from behind her back. 

Held in front of me was a thin A5 notebook with the letter 'Put your heart in and let your voice out' written on the very center of the cover. 

That little note made a tear swell in my left eye. "I told you it's nothing..." she looked away and scratched the back of her head. Wiping the tear away, I pinched a corner of the book and she looked back at me with a weak smile. Before she could say anything, I dived forward and hugged her, crushing our lips together. 

At first she was shocked but slowly leaned back and accepted it. She let the book drop onto the floor as we embraced our love. Her tongue would dance against my lips before pushing in and flicking at my own. Caressing her hips, I returned the oral assault by sucking the tip of her tongue and then biting her bottom lip delicately. Something was different, like I had more confidence in myself. She shifted to my chin and then down my neck, leaving pinkish hickeys all over my soft flesh. As much as I was loving the attention, I felt the need to please her, too. Bringing a hand up to her cheek, I made her look into my eyes. This time, I gently lowered my lips to hers. She responded by closing her eyes as we made the sensual contact. I stroked her cheek, letting our kiss linger for as long as I could. We pulled away and exhaled in unison. 

The shyness and anxiety came crawling back up my spine and I moved to the other end of the couch with a deep blush. I chewed on my knuckle softly and shot my gaze to the open notebook on the floor. Rose sat up "I'm glad you like it" she said with a loving smile as she picked it up and handed it over. Taking it firmly in my palm, I took a moment to savor the feel of it before I scrounged the coffee table for a pencil. Rose always did her college work on it so I assumed she would have one lying around. Like I thought, there was one hidden under a magazine which I swiped and brought up to the cover of my book. 

Underneath Rose's message, I began to scribble something down 'Thank you'. Blushing, I turned it to show her. 

She was happy, to say the least. "I love you, Eve...And now you can express yourself. I just wish there was more I could do for you to make you happier" it was obvious in her tone how much she honestly loved me. 

I wrote next to it 'I love you, too'. That was the first time I'd ever been able to openly express my love for her and I eagerly brought it up for her to see. At the same time, I mouthed the words of my message.

She was taken aback by it, requiring a full minute before she spoke again "That means more to me than you know...". Her hands trembled slightly but she was able to restrain herself "Thank you, Eve".

Now, this was the first time I'd ever seen her like that. So vulnerable. I could have sworn she was about to cry but I'm assuming that her usual tough demeanor was strong enough to suppress that emotion. To think that I meant so much to her...Why did I have so much of an effect on her? Maybe this powerful, dominant girl that I loved had a much softer side to her that she just refused to give in to. My eyebrows furrowed and I held out a hand towards her, opening my palm as a gesture for her to do the same. Noticing it, she immediately raised her palm to my own. Our fingers intertwined, molding into the other's grasp. They fit together like it was meant to be. Leaning in, we shared a glance before closing our eyes and letting the moment drag us into it.

It was around 2 o' clock and the rain began to very lightly tap on the windows, as if to lull us closer. Nothing mattered at that moment. Our passionate kiss continued for as long as we could hold our breath, only stopping to inhale before we went back at it. Suddenly, she fell back onto the couch with me in a tight hug. I was on top, not breaking the kiss as I shifted my weight to try and lay beside her. The blanket I was using earlier was slumped on the floor which Rose found after some fumbling. For a second, she broke away from the kiss to pull the blanket over both of us. Just the two of us in absolute warmth. Yes...This is what I wanted. A day alone with my love. A day alone with her. My rose.

To be honest, nothing special happened for the rest of that day. It was exactly what I wanted. We made out under the blanket until we were eventually just sleeping in each other's arms. Not a surprise since we got back late last night and needed to catch up on some sleep. When we woke up, I played some more of that game and Rose helped me out a little; she taught me some of the special moves that I couldn't quite get the hang of. We had a late lunch/early dinner, at around 6 0' clock-ish and then she showed me a new Anime that she said "will definitely relate to you". Much to my surprise, she was right. It was about a young introverted girl in High School and as funny as it was when I looked passed the hilarity the story was very depressive. A few episodes later and we went back to playing video games. How much more could I possibly wish for?

Every second that ticked by only drew closer to my plan and it made me nervous. Nonetheless, I was excited. We'd gotten so carried away in the game that we didn't notice how late it was getting. The rain still continued, getting more heavy as it got later into the night. "Eve" I pressed 'PAUSE' and turned to face her. She placed a hand on my thigh, sending tingles up to my loins "It's getting pretty late. Would you mind taking the blanket back to the bedroom? I'm going to the bathroom for a sec". This was my chance! She stood and took my hand. Nodding, I followed her out the room with the blanket hanging over my shoulder. We parted ways, her turning into the bathroom while I went straight to the room where I smoothed the blanket over our bed. She would still be in there for another minute or so. I had to initiate my plan now!

Tonight, I would be the one to please her. I took all my clothing off and put it in a neat pile next the bed. Immediately, I began to regret my decision. What if she's not in the mood? Maybe I won't be arousing enough? Of course I'm not arousing, look at me! There's nothing anybody could possibly love about me! Slowly, my mind started shattering. I stood at the bedside, covering my breasts and crotch with my hands. I was shaking and staring at the bathroom door, waiting for Rose to emerge and be disgusted at the sight of me. Why would I even attempt something like this!? The door creaked open and my heart stopped.

"Hey Eve...E...Eve?" she stood, dumbfounded. I didn't know what to do. Fidgeting with my stance slightly, I diverted my eyes with a deep crimson blush. "Eve..." she said quietly and started walking toward me. She stopped a few feet away and then there was utter silence. Nothing felt more painful than waiting for her to say something, ANYTHING. Instead of her voice, I heard the ruffling of cloth. Very slowly turning my head, I gazed upon my goddess. She was stripped of all her clothes and standing bare with a cute grin. Without saying a word, she stepped toward me and placed a hand on my cheek. I flinched upon first contact but was quickly soothed by her touch. Turning to face her again, I didn't see disgust, only love and lust in her eyes.

All my insecurities melted away. I lowered my hands, revealing my naked form to her. Her hand trailed down my cheek, sliding behind my neck to pull me closer. I felt her body press up against mine and her hot breath in my ear "I'd want nothing more than to have sex with you, Eve". Shocked in place, I trembled. "But I don't want you to think that you have to do this for me. Please promise me that you'll do this because you want to, not because you believe that you need to". Like I needed to please her? I bit my lip, feeling guilty because she was right about how I felt. Pressing my palm gently on her stomach, she moved away from me enough so that we could see eye-to-eye. "I know you better than you know yourself" her voice quiet and loving "Will you do this for us?". Staring into those mesmerizing hues, I slowly nodded.

=XXX

We sat on the edge of the bed while we delicately kissed. Up my thigh, her fingers trailed past my tummy before dancing over my breasts. She cupped the small flesh and circled her thumb over my hardening bud as I moaned softly into the kiss. For a while, she groped and played with my breasts but then her hand started to glide downward. Knowing her intention, I quickly stopped her arm and broke the kiss. I shook my head, much to Rose's confusion but she soon figured it out. Guided by me, she lay down on the pillows and got comfortable while I crawled over her. Our eyes met and lingered for a few moments as I waited to build up the courage. "Take it slow...there's no need to rush it, babe" her hand came up to brush a few loose strands of hair out my eyes. Blushing, I nodded and pecked her on the lips. There was no doubt about it, I wanted her to be my first.

I nervously moved to her chest, absorbing the glorious sight of her perfect mounds. Just big enough to fit in my palm without it being too much. She must have caught me staring because she slowly wiggled her hips to make them bounce slightly, almost hypnotizing to watch. Swallowing hard, I leaned down and stuck my tongue out to run a quick circle around one of her nipples. She hummed silently from the brief sensation and smiled down at me. At least I was doing something right. I went down again, this time pressing my lips to her bud as I lapped at it slowly. It was soon covered in my saliva so I switched to her other breast. All the while, Rose was moaning and running her fingers through my hair as if to encourage me. 
