 Mak-Nau observed the small screen in front of him. His dark purple skin glistened in the pale green light of his space vessel. He had been drawn to this small blue-green globe some time ago. He had felt the tug as he passed the giant yellow sun: the smell of a mate was something that all Theadrain males automatically knew. The pull was unmistakable to any Theadrain male; the mating urge. It meant that he was within a light year of his mate: the one person in the whole universe who was made specifically for him. His destiny was awaiting him on that planet. Of course, it had taken him a while to home in on the individual to whom he was drawn, but there she was on monitor.

Her dark hair was neatly pulled back from her face into a ponytail beneath the thick parka she wore. Her pale round face looked out over the ice covered tundra. It was her fourth night in camp observing the penguins in their natural environment of Antarctica. She was hoping that her research would influence policy makers around the world. These magnificent creatures were under increasing threat from melting glaciers due to climate change. She feared in her deepest being that it might already be too late for many of the large and majestic Emperor penguins of which there were about two-hundred thousand mating pair in this southern most region of the world. 

So she had come here for a month to study them. She had set up her camp about a hundred yards from their colony, called a rookery. It was summer and her task was to perform a daily count of the colony to determine the survival rate of this years chicks. Her tent was close to the crèche, where the young were looked after communally by a few of the adults. Emperor penguins had as a species a very high survival rate of almost ninety-five percent, but the changing climate conditions of the region was having an impact on this. Her job was to determine the extent of that impact and further the call for policy changes that might change those trends and save these wonderful creatures. 

At twenty-eight, Fiona Hetton was one of the up and coming young animal behaviourists, who were working on this important topic of the impact of global warming on other species. Since she was a little girl of five and had visited the London Zoo with her reception class, she had fallen instantly in love with penguins. Her teacher and half the zoo staff had spent hours searching for her, when she had simply made her way into the thick brush on the far side of the penguin exhibit, an area reserved for the staff. When a keeper had located her, she had the surprising pleasure of hand feeding a few of the birds while waiting for her teacher. Of course her punishment had come later, but she hardly remembered that. She was incredibly lucky; she was doing exactly what she had always dreamt of. 

Her career though had come at a price. She was much more comfortable with her birds than with other humans; even her colleagues. Despite her relative good looks, she could count on one hand the number of dates she had been on. Few men enjoyed talking about penguins enough to keep her attention for long. The pattern had been set on her first date during first year induction at university: some good looking guy would ask her out, they would go to a movie or dinner during which she would talk incessantly about penguins, the guy would tire of it and make his move...to which she would respond with a coldness in keeping with the Antarctic. Of course the types of guys, who could have kept her interest, were too intimidated by her looks to even ask her out. She smiled as she watched a couple of the young chicks engage in rough play that she knew would one day prepare them for mating. Even her penguins got more action than she did, she thought ironically.

Mak-Nau considered the situation carefully. There was no doubt what must happen: she was created by fate for him alone. He had been trained from boyhood to trust in that fate. Yet he knew that his presence on this world was itself a violation of universal rule. These people were not yet ready to take their place in the universal consortium. Their natures were still too violent and self-destructive to make them capable of the joining the ruling planets in their task as stewards of the universes ample resources. Theadrains with their size and steadfast obedience had become the consortiums enforcers; patrolling the universe in their youth and bringing to justice those who would abuse their power or unlawfully appropriate resources. 

It was during these duties that many Theadrain males found their mates. Then they faced a choice to remain with their woman and adapt to her world; or to bring her to Theadra. Given the situation, Mak-Nau knew he had no choice. Standing over seven feet tall, with skin the colour of deep royal purple and leathery skin and bristly hair covering his muscular body, he knew that he could never fit into her world that was unaware of other worlds. But knowing the outcome did not make it an easier. He had observed his mate for days and had even used the gift of mates to probe her thoughts. He knew how deeply she would resent leaving this world and these creatures. This was why he hesitated in doing what he knew he must. The thought of causing a mate any distress or pain was deplorable to any Theadrain male.

Hitting his large hand against the wall in frustration, a rare display of emotion for any Theadrain, Mak-Nau wondered at his situation. He hoped his royal brothers were having better luck with the mates which the Fates had brought for them. He knew though that he had delayed action for as long as he dared. Although primitive, Earth's satellites would eventually detect his space vessel; something he could not allow. He knew that he must take the woman now while she was alone; it would be assumed that the Antarctic conditions had simply overcome her. It did not make his actions any easier though. Nonetheless he set the course for her location and sent an entreaty towards the Fates for his mission's success.

***

Fiona had barely begun her daily count when she heard the strange noise. For a moment she had feared that the ice shelf was breaking apart, but she saw no tell-tale fissures. Then she saw it, a greenish glow in the sky just over the ridge. She shook her head and rubbed her eyes. This type of illusion was not supposed to happen this soon; usually it was weeks alone on the glaring white ice before even the hardiest of scientists would have visions. She feared for her position and sanity if barely two days into her posting, she was already 'seeing things.' Drawing a deep breath and convincing herself that she had not really seen anything at all, she returned to the task at hand; counting the chicks. 

So it was that the sudden appearance of the creature caught her unaware. For a moment she thought of the legend of the Yeti, Abominable Snowman; but the dark purple colouring was not in keeping with that image. This creature definitely stood out in the snow, rather than blending into it as the stories suggested. She tried to convince herself that she was just 'seeing things,' but when it closed the distance quickly and placed its large purple hands about her upper arms it was hard to believe that her other senses were fooling her as well. 

When it spoke its low, deep voice was almost hypnotic. 'Fiona Hetton, come with me,' was its simple command.

Unfortunately for the creature, Fiona's American mum had never trained her daughter to blindly obey authority but to question everyone and everything. Her voice was much weaker and insecure in light of the apparition that towered over her by over a foot and a half. Yet she still had the mindfulness to ask, 'Where? And more importantly, why?'

Mak-Nau wanted to laugh at the woman's impertinence. Instead he thanked the Fates for their infinite wisdom; her questions showing that she more than possessed the bravery necessary to face her new destiny as a Theadrain queen and mother to its princes. Unfortunately he had no time to answer those enquiries; the location of vessel would soon be visible to the satellites. Instead, his large purple arm wrapped about her waist, which even through the thick layers of clothing he could tell was tiny. He lifted her easily off the cold ice beneath their feet.

When he brought her up so that they were eye to eye, she was once again shocked to realise that his eyes were a deep fuchsia pink. Of course, she wondered why that should startle her given that the creature had to be well over seven feet tall, was dark purple and looked like a mythical creature. The irony of it drew forth a hysterical stream of laughter.

He knew that the woman was bordering upon shock and this only added to his growing sense of urgency. Without thought, the Theadrain mating words flowed from his soul to his mates. 'Yak tum ty wee Mak-Nau,' his words were uttered in a deep guttural voice. Those words once said tied their souls together through all eternity. Their meaning was so deep and beyond her mere human experience that had she asked he could not have even come close to a translation. In a practical sense, they also united them as husband and wife; making her queen of a world she had never seen. But he would explain that all later, right now he needed to get them out of this place: quickly.

With a speed far greater than expected for one so bulky, he moved through the white snow and ice glaring in the yellow sunlight. They covered the half mile to the semi-hidden location of his vessel in only a little more than a minute; far too quickly for Fiona's addled brain to process all that was happening to her. The sight of the large dark globe did startle her out of the daze though. It had to be the size of the cruise ship on which she had once gone on holiday with her parents. Shaking her head at this changed reality before her, she thought aloud, 'But space ships are supposed to be silvery saucers.'

Mak-Nau tenderly brushed a strand of her dark hair back from her pale face. His pride was growing at the quick mind of his mate. He wished with all his soul that there were another way; his actions were so outside of the normal mating rituals of his people, which offered to the female all the rights to decide their futures including the world upon which they would live the rest of their days. Yet as a primitive world forbidden contact with the Consortium, he had no other choice: his mate must follow him. 

Pushing a button on the band around his wrist, the hidden portal opened; a platform lowering that would raise them inside his vessel. Stepping on to it, his remarkable eyes held her stare without answer. He could almost feel the precious moments ticking away from them. Moving quickly once more, he carried his mate through the maze of corridors to the central control centre. Reluctantly he sat her aside as he made his way to the large console in the centre of the room. Pushing a few buttons, he watched the monitor before him as the white ice began to disappear into blue skies and then the dark emptiness of space that had been his lonely home for so long now. He was glad to be going home now; the finding of his mate releasing him from his duties to the Consortium. He now had new duties to consider to his people; chief among them the procreation of new princes.

Within moments, he had manoeuvred his vessel to the far of the Earth's moon; hiding it safely from detection. He would not set the automatic controls just yet. First he would complete the ritual and ensure his rights to his mate in the traditions of his people and as recognised by the Consortium. He would have no one questions his actions in this; the most important matter to Theadrain males. 

Fiona, ever the scientist, was exploring her new surroundings; not that there was much to see. Other than the big console in the centre of the room where the creature sat, there was not much else in the room. She wondered again where was the big screen upon which the captain could watch space zoom past or communicate with his friends and foes. Of course logically she knew those things were mere human creations of fancy, but she recognised too that her mind was merely seeking a frame of reference upon which to evaluate in some limited way her new environment. 

She wondered too if she would remember any of this when the creature was finished with her and returned her. A part of her hoped that she would not; simply because she felt that the knowledge might prove a difficult burden in terms of keeping silent. It did not even occur to her as she walked about the circular room that she would not be returning to her world...ever. Mak-Nau knew the truth though as he read his mates thoughts. They weighed like a heavy burden upon his soul. Her happiness was his priority, but how could he ever ensure that when he was forced by the same gracious Fates that had gifted her on him to rip her from all that she had ever known; never to return. 

He wanted with all that was inside him to answer the myriad of questions in her intelligent mind. He wanted to court her properly in the ways of his people and hers. Yet he knew that if he left the perimeters of her world without completing their mating then his claim to her might come under scrutiny from his parents...and even the Consortium. This he could not afford. With a heavy heart and solemn promise to find a way to make it all right with his mate, he turned off the small monitor and rose from them console. He crossed the distance to where she stood with her back to him. Softly he reached out and rested a large purple hand on her shoulder. His voice was quiet but clear when he spoke again, 'Come with me.'

Fiona felt lost as she realised suddenly that she really had no other choice. Not only was the creature much too large for her to overpower, but even if she did she had no idea how to escape. So she merely nodded and accepted the large hand that he held out to her. Even covered as hers was in the thick artic gloves, it was dwarfed by his. 

She followed him silently back down the long corridor; the maze seemingly all the same so that there were few landmarks to differentiate a trail to plan some future escape. Finally they stopped before a plain grey door exactly the same as the dozen or so other they had passed along the maze. Once again the creature pushed a button on the band about his wrist and this door too opened. It was odd, Fiona chuckled, that it did not simply disappear or roll up into the ceiling or any other spectacular thing. It simply slid back; very much the same as the doors at the mall would automatically do as you approached. 

Mak-Nau stepped aside and bowed low; motioning with the sweep of his hand that she should precede him into the room; his room, their room now. Although his mate did not know this; there was much his mate did not know. By his calculations though, they had almost five of her Earth weeks to discuss all of it: on their trip to Theadra. He knew that he should go first to the Consortium, but he wished to further his claim to his mate by introducing her to the King and Queen, his parents. He was almost certain that he would need their assistance to ensure that claim was upheld by the Consortium; having broken so many rules simply by approaching the small backwards planet. 

At that moment as the small woman looked about the sparse interior of the faintly lit room with only the huge circular bed and small monitor on the wall beside it, his focus was upon other things. His mind, which had b necessity been focused so carefully upon not being detected on this most important mission of his life, was now more addled. One thing was certain; there could definitely be no question. This woman was his true mate. Her smell in the confined space was overpowering; more heady than any drug he had learned of in the whole universe. He felt his arousal increasing with each beat of her heart; the sound of which filled his ears. The need to taste and feel her was pounding inside his soul; to make them one in the deepest sense of a Theadrain mating.

Closing the short distance between them, he once again gently rested his large purple hand upon her shoulder and turned her to face him slowly. Even without the blessed gift of Theadrain mates, which would allow him to sense what she was feeling any time he wished, he would have recognised the fear in her clear blue eyes. For a moment, it froze all that was inside of him; even the almost overpowering needs between mates. He wanted desperately to reassure her that all would be fine; and he knew that was so. The Fates would never gift a mate that was not destined to perfect happiness. Yet he also knew that in this particular case, their paths might be more troubled and bumpy than others. So instead of offering empty words of comfort, he simply brushed a long dark finger along the softness of her full bottom lip as it trembled.

Fiona was prepared for anything she thought; except for such a simple act of kindness. It seemed odd somehow that such a large and ferocious looking creature would be so gentle and almost understanding. 'Where are we? Why have you brought me here?' she inquired.

That much Mak-Nau knew his mate deserved to know and understand even now. Keeping his answer simple for now, he explained. 'You are on my vessel. I brought you here because the Fates drew me to you across the universe. They have decreed that you and you alone are my true mate, my queen.' He was not certain what response he expected, but it was not the loud laughter that seemed to vibrate through the small room. 

Fiona knew then that it must all be some silly illusion brought on by the isolation and glaring sun light upon the artic ice. What else could it possibly be? She was certainly no queen. Hell, she could not remember the last time she had even worn a dress. When other little girls dressed up in crowns and jewels and played at tea parties, she was bandaging her plush toys and caring for their wounds. She was a scientist and animal behaviourist, not some bloody queen of anything. Let alone a mate. She had long since given up on men, even at her young age she had learned that they held no mystic or allure for her. From a purely scientific perspective sex was solely for procreation and since she had no desire to produce offspring, well what was the point?

Sensing his mate's disbelief, he knew only one way to proof to her the truth. The power of a true Theadrain mating was irrefutable. Wrapping his large about her small waist once more, he drew her body up against his. He lifted her slowly until those clear blue eyes met his fuchsia ones clouded as they were with the needs and desires of a Theadrain male and prince in heat for his mate. 'You think not, Ka tum, my queen. Then kiss me,' he challenged. 

Fiona considered his words for a moment. For the first time, she recognised a possible means of escape. She felt almost certain that if she could dissuade this creature of his ridiculous notion that she was his 'mate' then she might be able to reason with him; convince him to return her to her world. 'Alright, but I'm not very good at it. But I want your promise if there are no fireworks...nothing special...then you will take me back where you found me.' She bargained extending her small hands towards him to seal the deal.

Mak-Nau smiled broadly at her words. His other hand clasped the one she had extended in what he recognised as a human gesture of submission to her will. He knew as his mate did not, could not, that there would mostly definitely be 'fireworks.' There could be no other outcome for Theadrain mates. He smiled too because he realised that even in this he had managed to give his mate a choice; such that any mate has true choice against that which the Fates have decreed. 'It will be as you say, my queen,' he conceded.

Fiona, sensing victory and freedom, drew her small hand from the grip of the creature. Placing both of her hands on his face, she was shocked at two discoveries: his skin was almost leathery to touch and cold. Not as cold as the artic ice of course, but still it was much colder than she would have thought. For a moment, her mind played with the scientific curiosities of her discoveries. In the end though, she did not have time to pursue those lines of thought; she was behind schedule with her daily count and observations. She wanted to get back to her work. 
