 " . . . Idiot savants are illiterate, they are untrainable, Yet, they have access to a particular field of knowledge where they appear to be infallible" 

~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ 

Della tidied up the extra bedroom for Mikey. Her 3 year old granddaughter Chichi always left it a mess. She wiped all the finger prints off the TV. And checked to make sure the cable was working. Della knew her guest loved music videos but she couldn't stand them, so she wanted to make sure he had his own TV for the weekend. She removed the plastic cover from the mattress, remade the bed then vacuumed.

Della had agreed to "baby sit" the entire holiday weekend for Mikey a son of her long time friend Ernestine. She really wasn't in the mood to spend all of her precious spare time with Mikey, but Ernestine had to attend a funeral out of town so she agreed. Della was one of the few people in their lives who were both patient and comfortable with him. Mikey was 36 years old but "mentally challenged." He was somewhat high functioning, but for a 7 year old. Della was a special Ed teacher and through the years had been able to teach Mikey a host of things that made life easier for him and his mother. She was 9 years older than Mikey and he regarded her as an aunt or big sister. 

Mikey was tall and would have been fairly good looking if it weren't for the medicine induced frequent drooling and dull stares. He was about 6 feet tall, medium to heavy build, with smooth nut brown skin, jet black hair, and a naturally muscular body. He was strong as an ox and great at lifting heavy objects, or when in the mood, cleaning up. He was used to being at Della's because she often had him around the house when she had projects going or heavy cleaning to do. They were very comfortable in each others presence and she could handle him or get him to do things that even his mother couldn't. 

After being dropped off at her place around Dawn, Mikey went back to bed in Della's guest room. They both got up again around 9. He ate breakfast took his meds then he helped her with some work around the house. He talked her ears off as usual, but other than that he was good company. In the late afternoon they needed a break so Della went to lie on the couch and Mikey went in his room to watch videos. 

All the bumping, grinding and bouncing hip hop hoochies must have got to him. Shortly after going in the room he came out again, only this time with his right hand in his pants asking for "Sheronda." 

"Who?" Della asked

"Sheronda, my pussy doll"

"What's a pussy doll Mikey." 

"When my dick sticks up and I watch videos I get pussy from Sheronda and I calm down I love Sheronda her pussy feels good I get pussy from her when I go to bed I lick it sometimes and I put my dick in her mouth sometimes like Charles but I like to put my dick in her pussy and Charles said I can suck her titties if I want to and put my dick in her butt if I want to but I suck her titties every day I love Sheronda her pussy feels nice. I want Sheronda. Miss Della" 

Sorry I asked, Della thought? She almost blushed at hearing Mikey's very graphic details. It must be one of those plastic sex toy dolls she thought. She had heard about them and seen one on a sitcom but never in real life. 

"Mikey is Sheronda in the house?"

"She in my room on the blue chair." He said. 

" Well Mikey if it's in the house, you know you can't get it until Tuesday when your mother comes back. She went to your Aunt Belles house far away"

"I want Sheronda Miss Della."

"Com'on Mikey you're not a baby you know we don't have the key, so we can't get in the house to get the doll." 

"I want Sheronda, I want Sheronda, I want Sherooooonda."

He was starting to sob like a toddler, all the while massaging his dick which had grown quite large in his pants. Della did her best to ignore it.

"OK Mikey be quiet please you're giving me a headache you can't get Sheronda till you mother comes back Tuesday."

"I WANT SHERONDA!" 

"Hush Mikey you know better than to yell in my house like that"

"I want my pussy doll, I want my pussy doll, I want my pussy doll, I want my pussy doll." he said over and over still with a hand in his pants.

"Mikey go in the room and close the door if you're gonna do that." 

"I WANY MY PUSSY DOLL!" he shouted at a million decibels. 

Della was startled and jumped involuntarily in shock. She had never seen him like this. She remembered Chichi once had a similar tantrum when she'd left her Elmo at the CVS downtown When they really get into it, a two year old having a tantrum can be scary; but a six foot, one hundred eighty pound, mentally challenged adult male wailing like a two year old is a very scary thing. Della was getting a little nervous but she didn't want to call the police. Then she remembered Ernestine had left her younger son Charles' cell phone number for emergencies, along with the medication instructions. She dialed the number, luckily he answered right away: 

"Hi Charles I need you to bring the key or do something. Mikey is in here having a hissy fit about his 'Pussy doll'," she said dryly.

"Oh shit! She didn't send it? Ma is something else. Put Mikey on the phone."

Charles could hear him sobbing in the background before he got to the phone. 

"Mikey YO, YO, YO! Chill out Mike, Chill out. I'll bring Sheronda in the morning I can't come right now" 

"I want my pussy doll! I want my pussy doll Cholly." Mikey wailed.

"Yo, Mike are you a man, or a punk."

"I' M A MAN CHOLLY!" 

"Then you know what to do. Remember when I showed you how to jack off in the paper bags. Ask Della for some paper bags."

"I don't want no paper bags, I want Sheronda Cholly. I want my pussy doll, I want my pussy doll."

"OK you better chill out Mike or I'm not bringing her." 

"OK, OK, OK," he said choking and sobbing like a two year old. He was in tears his nose was running and everything.

"Go ask Della for some paper bags right now!" 

"I don't want no paper bags, I want Sheronda I want my pussy doll Cholly." 

"Mike put Della back on the phone."

"Ok, Della give him about 3 or 4 paper bags so he doesn't make a mess. He hates to use the same one twice. Then send him in the room. If I was you I would turn off the videos. Unplug the cable and just make believe it don't work. I'll be there in the morning. When you give him his meds again in a little bit he will calm down Call me back if you need me. But he'll be cool just talk him into using the paper bags"

Della found some small paper bags. She figured out what they must be for. But first she went in the room, removed the cable from the TV and took the extension cord with her. Mikey went in the room still pouty and sobbing. She gave him the bags. Soon he was pretty quiet. Later she went to the door to check on him. He was jerking off.

Della had to catch herself she almost oohed in admiration. Mikey had the prettiest cock she had ever seen. It was maybe just a little longer than average in length and girth and a gorgeous shade of caramel except for a blush of pink here and there; and it had a beautifully shaped meaty head that reminded her of a fire hydrant cap. If it weren't for the two or three thick veins Della thought it would look like a mini hydrant. He sat at the foot of the bed, and very quietly but intensely stroked his beautiful dick with his pants down around his ankles and his underwear around his knees. Suddenly he started to pick up speed he grabbed one of the paper bags, put the head of his pretty dick in it and deposited his spunk into the depths of the bag. He sighed and fell back onto the bed. Della was never so thankful for smart-ass Charles. 30 minutes later she went back to check on him he was jerking off again. Then it was another bag and more spunk. Della was ashamed but she was actually getting a little aroused. It had been awhile since she had even seen a dick and his looked delectable. She was never big on dick sucking but his dick certainly looked suck-able. She was actually starting to get a little jealous of Sheronda, whatever she was.

After Mikey came, he lay back on the bed and dozed off. His limp cock leaned lazily on his thigh and he held a wet paper bag in his hand. He looked worn out and defeated, but also sweet and pitiful Della thought. She knew he must have been uncomfortable but she was afraid to say anything; thinking it might incite another tantrum. So she left him there until he woke him up about an hour later, and she gave him his meds. He took them but he looked the saddest she had ever seen him look. She made him dinner and Mikey went to bed early. 

Della was ashamed but she suddenly felt the need to masturbate too. She was trying to remember how long it had been since she had sex, and she couldn't. She was a reasonably attractive 45 year old grandmother but she had been divorced for years and most of he men she found interesting were attached or just unavailable in some way; and she was just too busy to actively seek romance. So if it didn't show up at her doorstep there wouldn't be any. At least that's what she told herself, family and friends. In actuality Della's husband had been her first fuck, and what a fucker he turned out to be. Most of the single women and a few of the married women in the neighborhood could attest to his kills. She walked in on him one day banging the brains out of one of the neighborhood hot asses in their bed. Well actually it was her bed, one that Della had bought. He couldn't hold a job long enough to buy groceries. Her husband was a gamble that she had lost and she had been forever cautious since then. No man was good enough, could make her feel safe enough, cherished enough, loved enough for Della to surrender her heart. Since her divorce she had dated occasionally, but her guardedness made her less than good company; and things just naturally fizzled after a few outings. So she busied herself with the mundane task of life and assumed someone worthy would show up eventually; but the years were passing. Della pleasured herself twice thinking about how nice it would be to have a pretty cock like Mikeys and she fell asleep.

Charles kept his word and came bright and early with Sheronda in a box. Mikey wasn't up yet so he had time to put her legs on, and sit her nicely in a chair with her legs crossed. Della was impressed. She was expecting some cheesy plastic monstrosity, but the bitch that had caused so much trouble was really beautiful, and amazingly life-like. Her hair, her skin, her gorgeous natural looking DDs with the plump nipples. Della felt a little outclassed. She found herself wanting to spruce up a bit.

"So what do you think?" Charles said 

"I'm impressed. Where on earth did you get her? I was expecting some plastic blow up thing." Della said. 

"Nah, I had enough of those, Mikey went through about a dozen." 

Charles explained that he had the doll made as a replica of a dancer at one of the strip clubs he frequented. She looked typical of the kind of girl that usually got Mikey's attention. She was a gorgeous copper brown with long dark brown braids made of real hair. She had full pouty lips and wide almond shaped eyes with silky lashes. She was of medium build, but on her way to plump; with wide hips, thick-ish thighs and a nice sized though not tiny waist. Her ass was beautifully heart shaped and round. One any black woman would have been proud to own. Both the tits and the ass contained some kind of gel substance so that when she was moved or they were "caressed", they had a natural life-like feel and jiggle. Charles took credit for the design of the tits however, they had beautifully puffed areolas and small gumdrop shaped nipples that made anyone horny just to look at them. The masterpiece however, was the pussy. It was perfect. There was a little tuft of kinky hair on the mound and the lips were full and gorgeous. They had even given her a soft and fleshy feeling clitoris that bulged a little when she started to heat. Yes, she got hot. Charles said there was some kind of thermostat inside the doll that elevated her body temperature to 98.6 and her pussy to 99, and that she was specially designed for heavy duty fucking. 

He demonstrated how she could bend and twist better than Gumby, how her hips could gyrate, her pussy pulse and showed Della all three holes that he said were tight but very "user friendly." Della was really in awe of her silky brown skin and how remarkably soft and moist it was. She had long legs that were detachable at the knees for convenient transport. And the 3 user friendly holes were removable for washing. Charles said that normally the Japanese girls sold for $5000 but that he'd spent an extra $4000 thousand to have it made to his specifications. After all, he could afford it. Charles was a very successful dealer of "Street Pharmaceuticals" and it was his pleasure to indulge his big brother. In recent years, Mikey had in fact become a very large spoiled brat. Charles said he had given it to Mikey 6 weeks earlier on his 36th birthday and that when he opened the box he was like a 4 year old at Christmas time. He wasn't interested in too much else for weeks afterward. "Sheronda" was the name he had given his girlfriend. 

Charles also confided that their mother Ernestine was very embarrassed about her at first but when she saw how calm Mikey was with Sheronda, she earned her respect and appreciation if not her love. 

"Yeah Della," Charles said. "I had to get serious. I found out some disease carrying skeezer down the street was making the moves on Mikey and I knew he wouldn't hold out for long . My brother loves to fuck, probably more than me." He said looking slyly at Della. "And he's good too. I taught him everything he knows."

"Yeah right," Della said 

Charles was 34 and had been offering himself to Della since he was 19; she figured this was yet another marketing ploy. She would never admit it, but she was actually flattered that he still flirted with her after all these years. She new she wasn't half the "fox" she used to be. Della didn't know it, but among the young men in her neighborhood she was considered the MILF of choice. She was still very good looking in a "mature" woman's way. She had warm brown skin and naturally dark hair that she wore simply pulled back. There was an inch wide streak of grey over her beautifully shaped left eye; but instead of aging her, the touch of gray somehow looked elegant. And though it had thickened with time and childbirth, she still had a knockout body. Her hips were full though not as high, and these days her cleavage commanded as much attention as her booty used to get. As a teen and young woman she had an almost flat chest, but after having her daughter her boobs stuck around. So she now had an ample bosom and hips to fill out her 5'5" frame. Part of what made Della so sexy was that she was clueless about her appeal, but she also had an annoyingly aristocratic attitude for one who had grown up in the hood. As a consequence her young admirers all fantasized about fucking her senseless.

"For real though, we got skills. You need to let a Wilson man serve you up some Della. We'll git your nerves right girl. We do a body good. You looking a little tired lately Della. I got an hour, you wanna hang out?" He said raising his eyebrows. 

"Shut up Charles, I'm only interested in grown men with real jobs" Della said. 

"Ow! That was cold Della. But it's OK you just don't know what you missing. Maybe Mikey will give you a little play after he gets through with Sheronda; but it might be a while, she got some good pussy. Damn!" Charles exclaimed.

"Get out Charles you crazy ass" Della laughed as she pushed him to the door. 

"Oh and by the way, make him take the pussy out and wash it. He won't come in a paper bag more that once but he will fuck that doll til the cum drips on the floor the sheets and everything. Just have him wash it with mild soap and warm water and let it air dry." 

Della looked at Charles as if he was crazy. She let him out then went over to examine Sheronda. She was exquisite Della thought. If women were her inclination she would want to fuck Sheronda too. Her tits were soft and pliable, her skin silky smooth; then she checked out the removable vagina; luckily it had been washed already. It too felt amazingly soft, moist and natural. Leave it to the Japanese she thought, and she went back to bed. 

It was about 10 am when she woke up to the sound of a squeaking mattress in the next room. She was puzzled at first but then she remembered Mikey and thought he must have found Sheronda. She got up to check. Sure enough Mikey was fucking. He had her legs around his neck and he was doing a slow and sensuous wind deep in her fake twat. He looked enchanted and amazingly graceful and poised. He fucked Sheronda hard and deep and gently caressed her body. The contrast between his hard stroke and gentle caress was amazing. His control was flawless. He didn't look like Mikey he looked like a skilled and caring lover. He withdrew himself from her and his beautiful dick stood out long, firm and glistening from something wet. He turned Sheronda over bent her at the waist and leaned her against the dresser. Then he inserted himself in her again doggie style. He continued his slow easy strokes then reached along her sides and started to fondle her breast and tweak the gumdrop nipples, While still inside her, he moved her back to the bed to lay her down on her stomach, with her legs together, he pumped himself into her fast and furious from behind. Soon his body tensed and he shook in spasms. He collapsed on her back and slowly nuzzled her neck, as if she were a real, and much appreciated lover. 

Della's pussy was throbbing. The Stranger in the room with the powerful cock and skillful moves was not Mikey; but a warm and sensual grown up man. Apparently Charles was right Mikey did have skills, but there was something else different about him. Della couldn't put her finger on it. The room was dim true but there was no awkwardness, no slurred speech, and no choppy movements. Mikey stayed in the room with Sheronda most of the day and came out only to eat and move a box or two when Della asked him. He was oddly calm and quiet almost melancholy, not at all his usual chatty self. Della was starting to miss her buddy. In just a short while she had gotten use to having him around the house. He was like an affectionate puppy or toddler, pesky but you couldn't help but miss them. 

Around nine O'clock that night Della heard the familiar rhythmic sounds of the mattress again. She realized that she had forgotten to give him his meds so she went to the room. Mikey was in rare form, he and Sheronda both were kneeling on the bed as he was very elegantly sucking her gorgeous tits and lightly biting the nipples. As he did that he reached behind her and kneaded her beautiful ass slowly and sensuously as if he were a professional masseuse. Then he did the funniest thing, he kissed her slowly and passionately and made his tongue dance around her mouth then he said something to her she didn't quite understand in a voice that was unlike any she had ever heard coming from Mikey. The voice was mature and warm, almost musical.

Della called out to him nervously "Mikey I forgot to give you your medicine."

"I don't need medicine Della" he said. He said it gently but authoritatively in the strange voice. 

Then he went back to making love to Sheronda not the least bit bothered that she was watching. So she watched. 

Della's pussy grew hot and tight True his dick was gorgeous, but the way he moved into Sheronda was a sight to behold. It was hard and masculine, yet gentle and sensuous. Della suddenly grew very envious of the Doll. 

"Mikey" she called. 

He was in mid stroke but stopped to look at her 
