 Fiona's lips look pretty in pink. I chose the perfect shade for this experiment. "Is it safe?" she asks, belatedly, and I shrug in response.

Pink lipstick. Magical pink lipstick - although it's not the magic that makes me want to kiss her, and in front of her fiancé too. I wonder what my wife will say about me wanting to kiss another woman. I wonder if my wife also wants to kiss other women. I mean, we agreed to an open relationship, despite me having a bun in the oven, but practice and theory often differ, and this will be the first test.

"So," Fiona says, satisfied at last that the colour is applied evenly. "What does it do? And what shade is this exactly?"

"Originally? Diabolo, by Dior. But I call it 'Pussy Lips'."

She laughs, and licks her lips seductively. "Are you sure the spell worked?"

I lean into her and kiss her, and the sound she makes is part moan of pleasure, part cry of surprise. She pulls away, breathing heavily, her face flushed. What looks like saliva - but isn't - spills from her lips, running down her chin, and she brushes it away with the back of her hand. "Um," she says.

I kiss her again, biting her super-erogenised lips, teasing her hyper-sensitised tongue with my own, and swallowing the syrupy fluid that tastes exactly like my own vaginal lubricant. Because that's exactly what it is. I collected the key ingredient for the spell from my own aroused pussy.

Fiona moans into my mouth as if it is her clit that I am tonguing. "Bite my lips," she orders, and I do, loving the way she writhes beneath my hands. I tease her nipples as I drive her steadily towards orgasm, her mouth attacking mine furiously, her tongue thrusting against mine desperately.

Until she is convulsing in my arms, and fluid spills from her mouth, more than I can possibly swallow. "Fuck," she whispers at last, pushing me away. Her T-shirt is soaked down the front. "You could make a fortune with that stuff."

It's my turn to laugh. "You think that's good? You should try sucking a cock."

Her fiancé watched the whole thing. He's no believer in magic, but he does love it when Fiona and I get sexy together. The erect cock that he strokes is evidence enough of his enjoyment. He sighs happily as Fiona descends on him, but her moan of guttural pleasure has me grinning as I watch her suck him off like a pro.

I'm an amateur witch at best. I have a sense of the magical that often gets me into trouble - or worse, gets me happily married - but I don't have a natural capacity for understanding and wielding supernatural powers. Experimenting with spells has been quite an adventure.

The first magical lipstick I made, the spell lasted a whole week after application, and even the touch of my tongue against my own lips was erotic. I must have licked myself to orgasm a hundred times - including at dinner, much to the amusement of Eric and Lady I'll have what she's having Catherine.

And I don't even like to think about the time I used, on a whim, my wife's futa cum instead. I had cum oozing copiously down my chin for hours, and swallowed so much of the stuff that my belly was visibly swollen after. (Although it's actually pretty cool applied to the ass. I'm working on a new shade (based on Ultra lust, by Dior) that I'm tempted to call 'Rosebud'. It makes that little puckered ring of muscle exquisitely sensitive, and I've always enjoyed that deliciously dirty sensation of cum leaking through that tight hole. I just need to figure out how to reduce the volume of emission to a more discreet level.)

But practice, as they say, makes perfect. The spell now requires the touch of another person - and I even made sure it doesn't transfer. It's specific to the person whose lips the lipstick is applied to. (After all, I can't imagine Fiona's fiancé loving his mouth feel like a pussy every time he kisses her.)

Fiona's never been that keen on giving head, but this time she's devouring him. It's a messy blowjob too, with long strands of clear, glistening fluid trailing from her lips and chin. She climaxes several times, panting and moaning about the cock in her drooling mouth, before he comes at last, and the pulsing of that ecstatic member pushes her over the precipice again.

As soon as he's done, I lift her head so that I can clean her cum-wet chin with affectionate kisses. "Multiple orgasms," she whispers. "Wow. Can I sleep now?"

"Sure," I say, and kiss her.

I chuckle as she pushes me away with a frustrated groan. "Stop! No more! How long does this last, anyway?"

"Only as long as the lipstick on your lips," I say, adding as an afterthought, "although the taste lingers a few hours, in my experience."

The taste of my own sweet pussy lips...