 It was not unconsciousness which had overtaken her, nor had she overloaded on the sensations of Henry's body, his thrusts, his hot kisses, the feel of her fingers through his hair. But when she opened her eyes, the bright summer afternoon had faded into dusk. Henry was still beside her, asleep on the work bench, his lovely sinewy body showing in the half-light. How his human body fascinated her, the way it simply was without the aid of design or programming, how it was grown naturally and not fabricated. She doubted any human really knew how to be awed at this complicated thing they simply called life.

She sat up and scooted off the table, doing her best not to move too much. Henry looked so peaceful now. She knew it had been days since he'd last slept. She inched her way over to the WC and turned on the light.

She looked at herself in the mirror. Soft pale skin, thick wavy hair. She turned to look at the scar just over her hip. She'd fought hard with Henry over the scar. She'd wanted it so badly. She'd spent hours designing it, fabricating a story. "I can say it was a gymnastics incident," she'd argued. "That I missed a step and fell on some equipment..."

She turned on the shower and stepped under the stream, feeling slightly sad that this was the SOP after coitus, washing away the traces as if to conceal some great crime. She used the soap and then ran some of the gel through her hair before rinsing thoroughly and then shutting off the stream.

She toweled her body and hair, using her fingers instead of a comb. She hung the towels to dry and then went back through the lab to look out the window at the gathering night. Light shown in the buildings were late classes were being held. Some students laughed and shouted happily as they walked the pathways along St. Giles towards Blackfriars. She felt like opening the window and shouting down at them for some reason. She shook her head and then looked over at Henry, his breathing slow and heavy as he dreamed of who-knew-what.

She found herself scowling at him as she thought of him dreaming. She'd never dreamed, and could never understand the concept no matter how many times he'd tried to explain it. Visions, epiphanies, memories, fantasies... all these things and yet none of them purely, it was all too confusing. She hated confusion, it was frustrating. She walked over and ran the back of her hand over his forehead, envying him his dreams. 

"I'm going to leave now," she whispered. She bent to kiss his cheek and then walked to the closet, finding a pair of blue jeans, some sneakers, and a blouse. From a hook she took Henry's raincoat and with a last look at his sleeping form, she left, closing the door behind her.

***

Freddie was trashed. He took up the bottle and had a pull, leaning heavily on the shoulders of his "mates."

"Showed you, didn't I?" She chuckled, some of the whiskey dribbling down his chin. "Americans can hold there own, you' see?"

"Yeah, Freddie, you showed us." Simon shot a glance at Sean and rolled his eyes. "Let's get you back to the rooms, eh, Freddie?"

"I don't want to go back."

Sean chuckled and laid on a bit of his Irish brogue. "What would you rather do?"

"Not go back, I just said. The night is young and I'm a poet."

"A poet, eh?"

"Y-," He hiccupped. "Yes. I'll have you know I was junior poet laurite of Tishomingo County. I was 12. They gave me a plaque. My mother hung it in the den at home." He broke away from them and took up a rather shaky stance on the steps in front of the Department of Engineering Science Building. 

"Go on then, give us a reading, Mr. Elliot," Dick crossed his arms as Sean did his best to squash his fit of laughter as Freddie tottered on the steps drunkenly.

"I-I intend to," He cleared his throat and began, his voice taking on a bit of a serious timber. "What angels seem to be forever unhappy because of this particular atom in the cherry orchard?" He paused, taking a slug. "We stare into eyes of Cheshire cats striped and menacing, torturing, droll, with music unwritten, playing. silence, like corpses singing elegies, eulogies, ballads of drunken, homeless lyrics, roaring into undiscerning ears. They're the songs that teach the world. Songs without author or admirers only blank pages – stainless sidewalks." He lifted the hand clutching the bottle, point off into the distance. "Where comes in character and where goes it when they push the ejector button of mankind's motorcar?"

He nodded, shaking the outstretched bottler as if punctuating his poem with the movement. His two friends smirked up at him as a single girl who'd exited the building behind him clapped. 

"That was lovely," the girl said.

Freddie bowed. "I do hope someone wrote it down, missy. I just made it up."

"You're American?" She circled him appraisingly.

"A Rhodes Scholar, at your service," He bowed a deep bow and nearly collapsed. The girl caught him and righted him before the two other men could make a move up the steps. She looped his arm over her shoulder and moved him down the steps joining the other two men.

"This is what they call inebriation, isn't it?"

The two men chuckled, taking the weight of the drunken poet from the girl as they resumed the walk towards the dormitories. "Oh, it's gone beyond that," said the smaller of the two, "Hours ago, in fact."

The larger one with the posh accent piped up, "What's your name, miss?"

"Eliza. Yours?"

"I'm Simon, this is Sean. This one here, when he's conscious, it's called Freddie. He's a real charmer, Freddie is, when he's not being such a Yank."

"Sour grapes. You're just upset 'cause you lost the resolution and we made all the bad guys in Star Wars British because of it."

"The resolution?" Eliza cocked an eyebrow.

"I think he means 'revolution'," Simon, hefted Freddie up again. 

"What the man said." Freddie patted Simon's back as he sang out a line of a song. "Won't you listen what the man said?"

"Uh oh, Sean, he's singing again."

"Let him. he's got a good voice."

The four ambled through the doors and one of the men, Sean, waved a hand over the screen so that the door opened and they all passed through. As they walked up the stairs, Simon propping up Freddie while Sean fumbled with the keys, Freddie shouted down to her. "You're welcome to come up, if you like?"

"Thank you, I will."

The three men stopped, even Freddie seemed to straighten up and widen his eyes a bit.

Simon suddenly became the sober spokesman. "Really?"

"Yes."

"Why?" Sean took a few steps down to join his two friends on the narrow stair.

"He invited me. It is impolite to refuse an invitation, is it not?"

"Well, yes, but..." Simon started to say but was cut off by a firm elbow in his gut from Freddie.

The American straightened up adjusting his vest and tie a bit, to make up for his unkempt way of speaking. "It's just never that easy to get a girl up to the room."

"Why not?"

"Well... Uh..." Sean said, looking to Simon.

Simon took it up. "Well, we're not exactly charmers, you see."

"Terrible nerds, terrible nerds," Freddie smiled, taking a shaky step down, holding out a hand to Eliza. "And yet, as they say, even blind squirrels..."

Eliza smiled as Freddie stumbled falling down the steps and flat onto his face, finally unconscious.

***

Simon and Sean had marveled when the girl at the bottom of the stairs was able to catch the falling Freddie in her arms and hoist him up on one shoulder.

"So where's the room, fellas?"

Sean pointed a thumb over his shoulder and up the stairs, "Third floor."

Simon took a step down to grab Freddie's other shoulder. "Here let me help, he must be heavy." Taking most of the dead weight off of Eliza.

"I could have managed." She brushed past Simon and went up the stairs to stand with Sean. "So once we get up there what are we going to do?"

Simon and Sean shared a look and then Sean joined him in carrying Freddie. As they struggled to carry Freddie up the stairs they both quietly admired Eliza's backside as it took the steps slowly in consideration of their burdened pace. When the reached the third landing they directed her to the left and she continued down the hall until the two men told her she'd found there door.

"I'll unlock it for you," she said, taking the key from Sean's hand and putting it in the lock.

Once inside they drug Freddie through their common room and put him, fully clothed, on his bed in his bedroom. Eliza followed and watched as the two boys let their suitemate flop onto the bed fully clothed and then she walked over and brushed a dirty blonde lock of hair away from his face before taking a blanket and covering him. "He's handsome," she said, smiling at the other two. "And so are you two." She seemed to think this a simple observation and delivered it as such, turning easily after saying it to inspect the room. It was as if she were taking mental pictures of the place, photos on the desks, papers scattered across the blotter, lamps, window blinds...

"What do you do in a room like this?" She asked after a moment.

Simon pointed to Freddie on the bed. "Sleep, of course." Then he pointed at the desk. "And study when nobody else is here to bother."

"And the room we came through, what's that for?" 

Sean laughed. "You're putting us on," his smile softened a little bit when she shrugged. "It's the common room, we... well, we watch tellie, play vids, have a laugh now and again."

"That sounds fun, let's go in there." She brushed between the two boys and went into the common room, there was a wall screen which she switched on. She pressed a thumb to the screen and the vid game display came up. She selected a game at random. "I'm player one," she announced and took a seat on the sofa and took up controllers.

Sean looked at Simon and then together they took a seat on either side of the marvelously strange girl. Simon took the floor, "Well, we'd love to but it is rather late and we're a bit bushed..."

"Yes," said Sean. "We were going to hit the sack..."

"Alright then," Eliza said, logging out of the game. "That'll be even more fun." She walked up and kissed Sean square on the lips, sucking his tongue into her mouth and running one of her hands up into his hair while the other hand reached out to clutch Simon's sweater and pull him close.

"Blimey," Simon said, as the girl released his suitemate and pressed her pelvis to his, feeding him her tongue passionately, silencing his surprise.

Eliza was pleased to discover that each kiss was subtly different. Where Henry's chin had been stubbed with a two day growth of whiskers and his hair had been wild and uncombed, both of these specimens were smooth-shaven and soft skinned, Sean had a wide think lipped boyish mouth with very straight white teeth done up in a Hollywood smile, his hair was curly and a ruddy shade of red. He wasn't much taller than her, but he was well built though slender and boyish. Simon, however, was tall with muscular shoulders and large hands. When she kissed him she found his lips were soft and full and his tongue was soft against hers. His cheekbones were high and covered with pale white skin and his hair was dark brown and smooth. She was pleased suddenly to feel his hand come up to the small over her back and press her stomach against him She could feel his growing erection and as she drew away she looked over to see Sean's manhood was causing a bulge in his trousers. "Where do you two sleep?"

Sean pointed to one room off to the left. Simon pointed to the room next to it.

Eliza grabbed both boys by their hands and led them into the room on the left. "Look's like Seanmy's our host for the evening," she said, moving into the dimly lit room. The light blue glow from the computer screen bathed everything, and once Eliza had come to the center of the room she turned to see both boys silhouetted in the doorway, watching her. She smiled and pulled the hem of her blouse up and over her body. She had neglected the pretense of a bra and stood naked from the waist up in front of her two would be lovers. She cupped her breasts gently as Simon took a step from the doorway toward her. "I want you both so badly," she said, waving for Sean to follow. Sean did so, tentatively. "I've never been with two men before."

Simon looked over at Sean and Sean shrugged saying, "It's my first threesome."

"Me too," Simon nodded looking down at the big almost luminous green eyes of the girl who was pulling his sweater up over his head. Once he was shirtless, he let out a soft moan as she ran her fingers over his hairy chest. "I'm not stopping it, though."

Sean was suddenly there with them, his shirt now gone so that his naked and smooth chest pressed against Eliza's back.

She was now sandwiched between them. "Who would dream of such a thing?"

Sean's lips brushed against the back of Eliza's neck as she stood up on tip-toes to kiss Simon again.

She rapped her arms around his neck and pulled herself up into the kiss, as she felt Sean cupping her backside through her jeans. She turned and smiled as she let her hand move down to his bulge and as she rubbed it though his flannel trousers his eyes closed and he moaned. Simon's hands were not idle, however, he squatted down and pulled the hem of her jeans down so that he could kiss along the small of her back and fiddle with the lace of her tiny thong panties. "Did you ever see such a perfect little botSean?" He whispered between soft kisses into her warm flesh.

Sean was to busy feeling the warm fingers that had opened his fly work their way into his briefs to stroke his rigid 8" member. He simply let out a soft gasp as she squeezed him and pulled him close so she could run her tongue along his collarbone, his trousers falling to the floor.

Simon's hands were cupping her shoulders, his lips against the flesh at the nape of her neck, she let out a gasp at the sensation of his tongue lightly brushing her skin, his teeth nibbling in as he sucked slightly harder. A hand went under her arm to cup her breast and there was a start from both men as they realized they'd suddenly touched hands in the process.

Sean and Simon seemed to both go rigid but she simply giggled and took both hands in hers pressing them to her chest. "Silly boys," she said nibbling at Sean's ear as she reached on hand behind her to find the belt of Simon's blue jeans and undo it.

Switching from kissing Sean, Eliza faced Simon in time to see him kick out of his jeans and taking his thick cock in her hands she licked her lips. "I can't decide which I want more. She nuzzled into Simon's chest hair feeling Sean's smooth chest and hard cock come up against her back. A hand was rubbing between her legs, softly, making he moist and hot. She lightly bit into the flesh above Simon's nipple and he gasped slightly, and the hand at her quim thrust an index finger firmly inside her causing her to jump with a sudden pleasure. Simon's other hand was at her neck pushing her face up from the small red welt on his chest. "Not so hard," he said, and a thumb drifted up to her lips and she kissed it gently before taking it in and suckling it softly while meeting his eyes.

Sean was on his knees behind her, running his hands up the back of her legs. His tongue moving around the curve of her buttocks, light kisses—almost brushes of his lips, soft and teasing. And in a moment she felt the pressure of his finger at her anus and her eyes widened slightly as she moaned around Simon's thumb and Sean's little finger was inside her.

Simon withdrew his thumb from Eliza's mouth and kissed her fully on the lips, her hand left his turgid member and joined the other flat against his firm chest. She ran her fingers up over his nipples to his broad shoulders, feeling the pressure on her anus increase as Sean switched out his little finger for his index. Simon's rhythm with his hand in her vulva was quickening and she was finding it hard to keep her balance. The room was moving so fast and her breaths were short as the first orgasm rocketed up from inside her, overloading her systems slightly as she fell back slightly into Sean's steadying hands before Simon took her in his arms and carried her easily over to the bed and lay her down.

She caught her breath a moment looking up at the two boys standing aside considerately. She smiled up at Simon and Sean and they smiled back down.

"Thank you," she said to both of them.

Sean laughed and looked to Simon who was smiling broadly. "She's very polite, you've got to give her that?"

Simon sat down on the bed running his hand over her bare abdomen. "And such a lovely kisser, too."

Eliza sat up and took Simon's face in her hands, as she gently kissed him again. He let his mouth open a bit to accept her tongue and as she ran it along his lower lip savoring the flavor of his lips she felt the depression on the bed beside her. She ended the kiss with Simon and turned to share one with Sean.

Sean's mouth was wider, and his lips a bit thinner, but the kiss was deep and passionate as he moved his hand over her knee and up to her hip and then to the small over her back pulling her close to him until He toppled over backwards onto the bed, pulling her atop of him, her breast squashed against him, his legs moving between hers as she straddled him, feeling his firm erection against her stomach and His soft hands moving up her back to the nape of her neck as the kiss ended.

"Mmmm," she moaned as she suddenly felt Simon's larger rougher hands move over her bottom and Sean's moth move down to take one of her nipples softly between his lips. As Simon rubbed his hands up her back, Eliza positioned herself above Sean's member and felt it slowly press up inside of her hot sex. She pulled up from Sean sharply with the penetration and found her back pressed once more against Simon's broad and hair chest. 

His arms encircled her and he nibbled at her ear and then ran his soft moist lips along her neck down to her shoulder where he bit, causing her to gasp sharply at the slight pain. She let an elbow come back sharply into his ribs so that he grunted. "Not so hard, you said..."

Sean smirked up at the two of them, as he lightly thrust his hips up into Eliza's wonderful sex. "Would you two like headgear?"

Simon ran his lips softly over the already healing welt on Eliza's shoulder, kissed it softly as she giggled. "I was just evening the score," he said. "Little sadist bit me first."