 Apologies for the long wait, if anyone actually waits for this stuff =P. Thanks to everyone who enjoys my story. The support is great and it's always a pleasure to release another chapter. Please make sure to read my previous chapters if you're interested. I'll keep giving as long as you guys want more. Without wasting more time, here's chapter 3.

*****

-3 months ago-

Huffing through the rain, I stumbled over a raised piece of concrete on the sidewalk. I quickly regained my posture and shifted the strap of my bag to rest more comfortably on my shoulder. Scanning for a nearby shelter, I found a bus stop with a rusted corrugated roof covering it. Nobody else appeared to be taking cover there so I wouldn't run into any risk of social anxiety. I flicked the hair out my eyes and made a dash for it. There was an iron bench which I placed my soaked bag on before I also slumped lazily on the cold seat. Better than standing out there and getting poured on. Zipping my bag open, I let out a sigh of relief knowing that the books were still mostly dry. Nothing else to do but wait it out. Stuffing my hands into my pockets, I sank down and nuzzled into my hoodie to try and get warm again. It was nice being alone.

"Fucking hell..." a woman gave a dull sigh from behind the wall. My eyes shot open and I turned to look for where the voice came from. I didn't see anyone on my way over. Could I have been wrong? From the corner of my eye, a puff of smoke drifted passed the opening and a lady with crimson hair appeared shortly afterward. Surprised, I instantly took my gaze off her and stared blankly at the road. "Hmm" she saw me and brushed a few fingers through her dripping hair. "Perfect" she said sarcastically before moving to the bench next to me and dropping down. I was trembling, either from the cold or anxiety but she must have noticed "What's a person like you doing out in the rain?". The way she said it made me cringe. What do I do? Slowly looking over at her, I immediately saw what type of person she was. Thick leather jacket and short-cut jean shorts with black combat boots. A stereotypical bitch from the slums with too much to say.

She eyed me curiously when I didn't give an answer "Hey, are you deaf?". Flinching, I looked away and blushed. Maybe if I ignored her then she'll understand. "It's called small talk! I'm being friendly!" she snapped at me and then took another drag on her cigarette. Fidgeting with my hoodie's zip, I kept my eyes glued to the soaked, desolate tar. A gut-wrenching silence overcame us as she waited for me to respond. When she had become fed-up with me, she faced away and blew a thick puff of smoke towards the road before sinking down onto the bench. Her eyes narrowed and she spoke from the corner of her mouth "Fine then, be like all the rest". My lip twitched and I shivered. She took the dying bud from her lips and flicked it into the rain with a deep sigh. "I figured you'd be a stuck up bitch" her tone was low as she allowed her eyes to close. She tilted her head back and outstretched her arms to lay back and use the bench-stand as an armrest.

I heard my mind cracking. No. I'm not like that. I'm not. I quickly grabbed my bag and pulled it onto my lap to scramble for a pencil-bag. Feeling my way, I found it, opened it up and pulled out a pen. Flipping my notepad out, I started scribbling something down. My hands shook so the words ended up being rough and hard to read but I didn't really care at that moment. When I was done, I bit the pen horizontal between my teeth and shot an arm out to tap her shoulder. She slowly rolled her neck to face me, lazily opening her eyes. I gripped the notepad with both hands and lifted it to show her while I looked down at the bench with a searing heat in my cheeks. The paper rattled in my shaking hands as she read my message.

On the notepad, sloppily positioned in the middle of the page, was written 'I'm sorry. I can't speak'.

The woman sat up and stared hard at the notepad for a few seconds before she sharply diverted her gaze and grit her teeth. "Oh...I..." she fell silent and clutched her hands into fists. All was quiet, save for the light pattering of rain that seemed to be tapering out ever so slowly. I still didn't dare to look up. A hand touched mine and gently pushed down to make me lower the notepad. Hesitantly raising my head, I saw a very sincere look in her eyes. "Listen..." she spoke so differently than before, it was almost calming, and yet it made me tense up. "I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to be such an asshole" she looked away for a moment in thought. "Um...could I make it up to you?" I stared at her cautiously. What did she mean? "Please, let me buy you a cup of coffee or something" she turned to face me again with a warm smile.

Rays of gold tore through the dark. Streaks of warmth were painted on the battered and flooded Earth. The puddles glistened as light pierced the day, spreading its delightful glory, as if to bring joy in what was once just dull mud. A hand of shining white had been opened to reach down and touch upon the still, grey water to send one last ripple through it's core. With time, that water would be lifted gradually to the heavens with the light guiding it on it's way. They would eventually be together and inseparable.

Was she being serious? I didn't even know her. What would she gain if this was some sort of joke? Not knowing what else to do, I nodded.

Her smile widened "Thank you. We can meet around the same time tomorrow at the Hot Brew. Around..." she peeked at her watch "...Three o' clock, ish?". I attempted to return the smile nervously but the pen made it difficult so I just looked away. "My name's Rose, by the way" again, her tone was much sweeter than just a few moments ago. There was another side to her.

I relinquished the pen from between my lips and wrote on the notepad to hold in front of her. 'I'm Eve' I tapped on the page and blushed.

-Present 6:30 AM- 

That memory always seemed to repeat in my dreams. How lucky I was that we met that day. Ever since then, my life's been changed dramatically, but in a good way. My Rose. I believe that I might be the only one who's seen the true, loving side of her and in some ways I'm happy because of that fact. I was important to her. She was everything to me. We were together. Nothing could possibly explain the joy I felt that only she could graciously give to me. She allowed me to be happy.

My hands searched for her, feeling the empty blanket beside me. My heart coiled and I slowly opened my eyes. She wasn't there. I trembled and gripped the blanket out of panic but then the blaring sound of water soothed my negative thoughts. Rose was in the shower. A shallow breath escaped my lips and I rolled onto my back with a growing smile. For just a moment, I believed that everything about Rose had all just been a cruel dream. Heat brimmed in my eyes and began to cascade down the sides of my face yet I didn't know why. I brought a hand up to muffle my quiet sobs and sniffs and to wipe away the tears. Why? My eyes were reddened and my hand was failing to keep the waterfalls at bay so I pulled the blanket up to muffle my cries. Why? The smile never left my face.

When the tears had finally subsided, I gave myself a chance to wrap my head around everything. I was still nude from that unforgettable night with Rose and the blanket was still clinging to me oddly. Sitting upright, I held the blanket to my chest. I blinked the blurriness away and shifted my tired gaze to the bathroom door where the sound of crashing water was echoing from. That's right, Rose had work. I patted the side of my head as I came to the realization of it being Monday. That day, I also had private lessons to attend. The weekend had passed by unusually fast, most likely because of all the fun I had with Rose, in and out of bed. Such intimate memories forced me to raise the blanket up to cover my face as the pink burned my cheeks. Everything we'd done together...I couldn't have even dreamed about the joy she was able to give me. I loved her.

Flipping my legs over the foot of the bed, it squeaked and shifted from the weight. I stood with the blanket still wrapped around my body. Staring at the door, my mind was already made up. Unraveling the soft fabric, it slid from my pale skin and fell as a heap at my ankles. For the first time in my life I was happy and confident with what I was because Rose had accepted me. That's why I wanted to do this. I stepped out the pile and swiftly made my way to the door. I lowered the handle and swallowed hard. The wood slowly opened into a slant, letting the steam and noise escape. I strafed inside, getting overwhelmed by the hot, moist air. The bath had a thick, brown curtain that lined its entire side, concealing anything behind it. Rose mustn't have heard me entering because she didn't respond. Smoky steam had already started to form droplets on my body, warming me to my core. Not wanting to let the cold in, I closed the door quietly and faced the curtains.

There was a slight coning in my chest as I neared the tub, out of fear and excitement. Pinching the curtain, I pulled it aside slowly and peeked in to see my goddess. She was facing away from me with her head thrown back as she scrubbed the foam into her hair. The shampoo liquidized down her back with the gushing water, running to the crevice of her buttocks. I swallowed hard and stepped over the tub's lip quietly. Still unseen and unnoticed by her, I stood with my gaze transfixed to the glorious sight. She stepped forward into the pouring water to rinse herself off and that's when I took the opportunity to move in. I wanted to surprise her with a good morning, but more importantly I wanted to thank her for last night. We still had some time before she had to leave for work anyways.

Stepping forward, I brought my hands to her hips and pulled her towards me, just enough for my chest to squish into her back. I had to stand on my toes to reach it but I was able to kiss her cheek. Rose tensed up and froze, only to be melted as she realized that it was me. Her body softened and she leaned into me slightly, allowing me to embrace her. "You scared me for a second" she chuckled. I slid my hands around her sides to cross at her waist and give her a sensual hug. Resting my head on her shoulder, we remained like that for a while as she trailed her fingers along my forearms. It was strange. I couldn't help but to smile. My hands trembled around her tummy and I nuzzled into the cradle of her neck. "Eve...I'm not going anywhere, okay?" again, she somehow knew exactly what to say. Was I that easy to read? "I love you" she softly squeezed my wrists before pulling them away. She turned to face me and I stared up into her eyes. God, her beauty made me weak.

"I'm sorry about passing out last night..." she smiled and leaned down to enjoy a quick kiss on the lips. There was a long moment of silence as our hues exchanged with each other. "Thank you, Eve" the words slipped from her lips like the soapy hands running along my ribs. Both tickled my heart. I couldn't help myself. Throwing my hands around her back, I wrapped her up and dragged her into my comfort and desperation. I needed to hold her, to make sure that this goddess of a woman was truly there and mine. I wasn't disappointed. Her soft palms found my back to accept the hug. "I'm yours" she whispered the steamy breath into my ear and I shivered, feeling something else awaking to her voice...

=XXX

We still had some time before she would have to go to work, anyways.

Rose must have been thinking the same thing and my hardening erection between her thighs was the next clear sign. It sparked a grin and a complaint. "We don't have time" she said playfully, although we both knew that she didn't mean it. My tip was exposed behind her thighs, twitching and nudging her plump cheeks. "Eve, I have work" her fingertips danced up and down my spine, only fueling my need for her. 

Gliding my hand down her back, I stopped at her lower curve.. My finger pressed into her flesh I and started to write something with my its tip, making her feel the message. 'Quick'.

She tensed then eased after the ticklish sensation passed. "Hurry, okay?" she chuckled and slithered a hand down to my cock. Slippery smoothness took hold of its girth, erupting a drawn mew from my lips. "I can't say no when you're so cute" she backed away enough for my mushroom head to line up with the pink slit of her flower. It didn't require much else. Bucking forward out of anxious desire, I kissed her womb. Gasping, she widened her stance for me to continue my thrusts easier. I grit my teeth and hugged her tightly, letting my hips do all the work as they rolled with a steady beat. Just as hot and tight as the night before. The intensity only made me more addicted. Not paying attention to anything but the velvet tunnel constricting my cock, I pressed my cheek against her neck and gave quick pants with each wet smack of our colliding hips.

I wanted to hit even deeper. I wanted to go even faster. I wanted her to feel every inch of my passion. I wanted her to know how much I loved her. Bringing a hand to one of her thighs, I lifted it to the side, giving me a better angle to penetrate harder and quicker. Sure enough, the persistent tapping at her tightest spot finally gave away for me to enter her womb. That feeling would continue to give me goosebumps for the rest of my life. It swallowed my tip and I froze for a moment. My tongue lolled as a tingle rocked up my length and then crept its way back to my base, stroking me so very close to an orgasm. But I refused to give in. Not yet. My need for release would only be fulfilled after I pleasured Rose. There was a twitch in my arms and I finally lifted my head to see what was going on. I was completely unaware of the effect I was having on her. All this time, I figured that Rose was simply allowing me to feel pleasure but the truth was staring at me through that lewd, gorgeous expression. She was just as satisfied as I was.

Mouth open in a silent scream, Rose twitched randomly and her leg had straightened out behind me. It shivered with her toes cringing. One arm was stretched to the curtains as her fingers clutched the fabric in a desperate attempt to keep herself up. The other hand was tangled in my hair, struggling not to tug and pull my strands as she held down her post-orgasmic convulsions. I had no idea that I was doing this to her. She was in a state of total bliss. Just a few more thrusts would be enough to send both of us to our climax. But that would ruin it. The sight of her on the very edge of pleasure, it was beyond words for me. Seeing her like that made me happy.

If only for a few more moments, I wanted to savor that look on her face and that searing heat gripping me by its slippery coil. After a couple seconds of stillness her breath had eased again and she stepped down from her peak. Our hues found each other, she let go of the curtain, the sexy look on her face smoothed into a loving smile and then just like that I was lulled towards her lips. We hugged under the waterfall that cascaded between our bodies and we kissed as though it were our first time. Every one of her kisses had the same taste. It was the taste of watery strawberries mixed with a subtle hint of alcohol. How I wish to contain that taste in my mouth forever. I ran a finger to the flat of her back where I started to write something. I wrote the words that were always on the edge of my tongue yet were always trapped behind my lips.

'I love you'

She broke the kiss with one last flick of her tongue at my bottom lip. That same loving smile, she leaned in and brushed her cheek against mine to whisper in my ear. "Take me, Eve" the words curled under my earlobe with a sensual lick and she slid both hands down to cup each mound of my butt. Her hands were so tender on my flesh yet they possessed a rough firmness, just like her. I couldn't help but to roll my hips ever so slightly. Together, with her sweet hold on me and my own increasing strokes, we gradually but steadily picked up the pace. She helped with the rhythm while I rested my head on her shoulder. Like that, we slow-danced to the beat of our desire. Every time my hips met hers I had connected with her on the deepest level possible. Being so intimately close together and our slippery flesh upon flesh, all of it was quickly heating our need. We both felt it coming but we weren't in a hurry to achieve it. There was no rush for it. There was no explosive climax. It just happened.

The dance didn't end in a spectacular finale. I pulsed inside of her and my seed began to pour. Eyes shut tightly, I bit down on her neck but I didn't stop moving my hips. She moaned and held me tighter to her body but she didn't stop helping with the thrusts. We came together...and we didn't stop. I continued to unload my love into her womb as it suckled at my tip and drank everything that I gave to it. Our dance started to slow but it didn't end. The movement caused our combined fluids to leak down my length and to her thighs. My cock erupted endlessly, even as we came out of our trance. "There's so much" her needy breaths filled my ear and she wrapped her fingers in my hair. Like ballet, we lifted one last time and then we exhaled, deflating as we came down slowly to a faded halt. Only the shower applauded us.

What used to be the sounds of sensual grinding and arousing orgasmic moans had died down into gasps and pants. The pouring water that was long forgotten about was making its way back to our hearing, soon deafening us. Rose must have felt it, too because she raised a shaky hand to the nobs to turn off the flow of water. Silence, save for the dripping of the shower head and of the juices from our passion that mixed with the water below in small droplets. I felt my grip on her leg begin to weaken so I slowly lowered it back down. She softened her grip in my hair and squeezed me with her other hand, holding me close in the glorious silence of love. Returning the gesture, I tightened my hold on her but my entire body felt like an empty bag in her arms. I was exhausted. Still, I found the willpower to roll my hips and free my cock from her moist flower, allowing another gush of sweet juices to pour out. Just that alone sent a spike through my sensitive length, forcing me to buck forward into her thighs.

I mewed and trembled. She stroked my hair and pulled any loose strands out of my face so that she could look down at me. "Work will have to wait" she said it so passionately and I knew that we weren't finished quite yet. 

Her thighs started to move back and forth. The quiet was broken by the sounds of a sloppy massage. Soft flesh rubbed along my length in alternating rhythms. I would have never guessed that just her thighs would feel so good. And the mixture of my cum with her hot nectar felt like a creamy lotion, giving off such lewd pops and smacks. Beyond all of that, I was still sensitive from my previous orgasm. Trembling, I found it difficult to stay in one position as she found every possible way to tease and play with my aching length, milking it of my thick precum. It only added to the lube of her thighs and I was soon mewing uncontrollably at the sensation of my sensitive cock being so expertly massaged. Her intimate hug made it impossible to escape the pleasure. Trapped with my cock sandwiched in heaven, there was only one way that she'd let me out of there.

It hit me without much warning. Even with my exhaustion, I bucked and thrust into her thighs to reach my impeding peak. I shook as my orgasm rocked up in a powerful wave. My second orgasm within a few minutes. Needless to say, I've never felt quite so spent. The ropes erupted in thick squirts that crashed against the wall behind Rose. The rest to follow was less enthusiastic about coming out and lazily spluttered out down the back of her legs. I went numb. My knees gave away but Rose caught my fall and pulled me in. Slowly lowering me into the tub, she placed me down gently and crawled on top of me. Nothing was said. All I needed was right in front of me. Her smile. Her face. Her cute chuckles. Her wet, crimson hair draping around me. Her kiss. Her taste.
