 *Author's Note: Any persons engaging in sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 1

Annette Mays had a new puppy, a mutt. But to the eighteen-year-old Down's syndrome child, Cuddles was perfect. He didn't need a pedigree to win her heart.

Jimmy Mays stood out in the backyard, watching his beautiful granddaughter and that stupid mutt of hers. His other grandchildren had long ago outgrown any use for their grandfather; they were 'too cool' to hang out with the old guy. But Annette adored her grandfather and was always happy when Mom dropped her off at Grandpa's house.

"Now, you behave, and you clean up any messes Cuddles makes, you hear?" Mom had said.

"Okay," Annette agreed.

Jimmy wasn't fooled. He knew the only reason Doris put up with him was because he was a free babysitter for Annette. After she and Scott divorced, Doris had turned cold, bitter toward the rest of the Mays clan. But Jimmy was always happy to see his little Annette, so Doris pasted a fake smile on her face.

"Careful Honey," Jimmy called out when Annette threw the ball too close to the sinkhole that was starting to form in the corner of the back yard.

He didn't want her or her mutt to fall in; a recent rain had made the sinkhole a sloppy, muddy mess.

"Cuddles, no!" Annette cried out when the puppy fell into the sinkhole.

"Annette, no!" Jimmy cried out as the girl ran to the hole after her mutt.

He was horrified as she disappeared from sight and ran after her.

****

Falling falling falling.

He landed with a thump on the sidewalk. The hard landing actually knocked the wind out of him and left him a little dazed.

Then he heard Annette crying and shook the stars from his eyes and looked around for her. She was only a couple of feet away, holding her arm to her chest.

"No!" she cried out when he tried to take a look at her injury.

"Honey, come on, let me take a look at it," he cajoled and finally she let him look at it.

It was little more than a bruise, but Annette carried on like it was a broken bone. Then she remembered why they'd fallen in the first place.

"Where's Cuddles?" she cried out, looking around for the mutt.

"I don't know, Honey, but I think a better question is, where are we?" Jimmy said, looking around.

The landscape was vaguely familiar; he had a feeling he should know where they were. The building on the corner looked eerily like Gordon's Pharmacy, but was now sporting a sign that identified it As Assimlie Medications.

:Come on, Sweetie," Jimmy said to Annette. "Let's see if we can get you an ice pack or something."

"Cuddles!" Annette cried out. "Where are you?"

The door chimed its familiar chime and Jimmy looked around. The place still smelled the same; a curious antiseptic, plastic smell.

"Help you?" a man regarded them suspiciously.

"Yeah, yeah, you got any ice packs? " Jimmy asked, indicating Annette's wrist.

"Ice what?" the man asked and looked at Annette's wrist as the girl clutched it. "No, no, but I got a shot that'll make her forget she even has a wrist."

"No!" Annette screamed. "No shots! I hate shots!"

"Shh shh, Honey, nobody's getting a shot," Jimmy hastened to reassure her.

No, no, no, no!" Annette screamed.

"Listen, we're kind of lost, mind telling us where we are?" Jimmy asked the man.

"What? Where's your piad?" the man asked.

"My what?" Jimmy asked, uncomprehending.

"Your personal information and assistance device," the man answered, narrowing his eyes. "Listen, it's obvious your girlfriend here's a fucking retard; you one too?"

"I'm not retarded," Annette yelled.

"She's 'special,'" Jimmy said defensively.

"What y'all doing out anyway?" the man asked. "Y'all know y'all ain't allowed out the facility."

"Facility?" Jimmy asked.

"Y'all wait right here," the man said gently. "I give them a call; they'll come get y'all."

"Come on, Annette," Jimmy said, not liking the sound of any of this.

"Uh uh, y'all wait, I ain't getting my ass in deep shit just 'cause y'all can't listen," the man called out.

Jimmy heard the magnetic locks activate on the door; obviously the man had locked it remotely. He spotted the old fire extinguisher hanging near the front door and yanked it off of its mooring.

"Hey!" the man yelled out as jimmy smashed the glass door with the heavy canister.

"Grandpa, what are you doing?" Annette cried out, horrified at the violence.

"Come on, Honey!" Jimmy said urgently and dragged Annette through the large opening.

He dragged her down the street then around a corner, and continued to run until he spotted an opening in between two buildings. 

He could hear the sirens approaching at a rapid speed and made Annette wait toward the rear of the alleyway as he peered out onto the street.

A white vehicle with red letters blurred past; he caught the name Assimile Patrol as the vehicle turned the corner.

"Grandpa, I'm hungry," Annette whined.

"Damn it," Jimmy said, remembering he'd left a tray of macaroni and cheese in the microwave for her lunch.

"You said you was going to fix me tuna mac and cheese," Annette accused.

"I know I did, Honey, but then we fell in that hole, remember?" Jimmy said patiently.

"Oh, yeah!" Annette said and remembered they were looking for Cuddles. "Cuddles! Come here Cuddles"

"Quiet!" Jimmy hissed as he heard the siren start up again. "Here!" 

He shoved her behind a foul smelling dumpster just as the patrol vehicle whizzed past.

"Ew!" Annette screeched at the stench.

Jimmy felt like vomiting; he recognized the smell. It was the smell of death. Human death. He'd smelled that smell before, in the rice paddies of Vietnam.

He did not hear the sirens any more so he cautiously pulled Annette to the entrance and looked around. A throng of people stood on the corner, looking down the street. He pulled Annette toward the throng.

"What's going on?" he casually asked.

"The Assimile Patrol's looking for a couple of escapees," one of the men said, without turning to look at Jimmy or Annette. "The poor idiots wandered off, not realizing that the facility is the best place for them, the best place for them to get the help and love that they need."

"Oh yeah?" Jimmy asked and looked as the Assimile officers, dressed in red jumpsuits slowly walked up and down the street, looking into alleyways. "They're sure the idiots are out here?"

"Yeah, one of them, a real strong guy, broke a door down at the Medications place," the guy said. "Then they ran down the street, even though the druggist was just trying to help them."

"They got the best shots," a woman said, in a dreamy monotone.

"Yeah, they do," Jimmy, agreed, trying not to draw any attention to them.

"And next week," the woman went on. "I'm going to get the Dispose."

"Hey, good for you!" the man said. "Got somebody to cart your remains?"

"Yeah, my son's boyfriend," the woman smiled. "They've been wanting my apartment anyway; it's too stressful for them to fuck in the dormitory, you know?"

"Um, she said a bad word," Annette said loudly.

"What?" The woman asked, surprised. "What bad word?"

"Nothing," Jimmy said quickly. "Never mind."

****

"Grandpa," I'm hungry and I got to pee," Annette whined.

They'd been walking for hours. Jimmy was sure he recognized the suburban landscape, but couldn't tell where they were. There were no street signs, and none of the houses had numbers on them.

A newspaper vending machine caught his eye and he walked over to it. The headline said "President Ahkmed In-Jari Is Wonderful."

The date on the paper nearly caused him to faint; October 1, 2020.

It was ten years in the future, if the paper could be believed.

"Grandpa, I'm..." Annette started again.

"Here," Jimmy said and plucked a couple of apples from a tree.

Annette cautiously bit into one of the apples then smiled widely at her grandfather.

"It's good," she cooed.

Jimmy plucked a few more apples and stuck them into his coat pocket. Some over-ripe figs were on another tree in front of the house and he picked them as well.

"Hey, what you doing?" a woman's harsh voice called out and Jimmy grabbed Annette's hand.

"Run," he said urgently.

"Hey! Come back here!" the woman protested.

"Grandpa, I got to pee," Annette whined.

"Fine, fine, how about here?" Jimmy said and pointed to an alleyway.

"It stinks," Annette complained.

"Then your pee will make it smell better," Jimmy joked and Annette giggled.

It did stink; Jimmy spotted another one of the dumpsters with Assimile Remains printed on it. A second, smaller dumpster sat next to it. It just had the word Assimile printed on it. 

While Annette crouched down to relieve her aching bladder, Jimmy walked over to the large dumpster and cautiously lifted the lid. Inside, he saw four human corpses. The smaller dumpster looked like it held garbage, refuse.

"Looking for someone?" a gentle voice asked.

"Huh?" Jimmy said. "No, no, just curious, you know?"

"Yeah, some people like looking at the dead," the woman said gently. "Me, I don't get nothing out of it, but then again, I don't get nothing out of homosexuality either."

"I don't either," Jimmy said, offended.

"Really?" the woman asked, interested. "I mean, you look like a cock sucker, you know? But if you say you ain't, that's cool."

"Well, I'm not," Jimmy, said hotly.

"Grandpa, this a friend?" Annette asked.

"Um, yeah, yeah, this is a friend," Jimmy said.

"Yeah, your Grandpa and I are going to be great fuck buddies," the woman smiled lecherously at Jimmy.

"Uh!" Annette gasped. "You said a bad word!"

"What?" the woman asked.

The woman looked to be in her early fifties, graying hair cut close to her scalp. Her clothing was well worn, and showed a short, plump physique.

"We've taught Annette that the 'F' word is not a very nice word," Jimmy explained.

"What?" the woman looked at Jimmy, truly puzzled. "Fuck? Sure it is!"

"No, it is not," Jimmy, argued. "It is not a very polite word.

"Look,' the woman said, agitated. "There ain't nothing wrong with fucking. President In-Jari said it's our privilege as citizens to assimilate and fornicate."

She leaned close to Jimmy.

"Of course, he says the best fucking is homosexual fucking, but I ain't all that hot about eating hair pie, you know?"

:Do you mind?" Jimmy hissed.

"Mind?" the woman said. "Not at all! So you want to fuck out here, or inside?"

Jimmy lightly pinched Annette to keep her from any outbursts; the woman clearly did not see what was wrong with the word 'fuck.'

"Inside, if you don't mind," Jimmy said and the woman led the way to her doorway.

Inside the building, the woman led the way up four flights of stairs then stopped in front of a door. She pulled a small card out of her pocket and inserted it into a slot.

"Sometimes my piad is a little slow, the woman explained.

"What's a pie ad?" Annette asked her grandfather.

"Piad, it stands for personal informant and assistance device," Jimmy explained.

"She a retard?" the woman asked. "Shouldn't she be at the facility? There she will get the love and the care she needs. President In-Jari takes care of all of our needs"

"I'm not retarded," Annette denied hotly.

"We've taught her she's special," Jimmy said gently.

"But, Honey, there's nothing wrong with being retarded," the woman hastened to assure Annette. "It's a wonderful thing that means you can be cared for and it won't cost you anything!"

The door clicked and they were ushered in.

"I kind of prefer to fuck on the couch, that way, if there's any wet spot, I don't have to sleep on it. Laundries not until Thursday, you know?" the woman said and began to remove her clothing.

"Um, hey, wouldn't you like to know my name first?" Jimmy asked, extremely uncomfortable.

"What?" the woman asked, turning around and baring her breasts and round belly to Jimmy's eyes. "Why?"

"Well, I mean, what we're about to do," Jimmy stammered, unable to take his eyes off of the delicious orbs and their hardening nipples.

It had been twelve long years since his Sophia died. Twelve years without a woman.

Unmindful of Annette's presence, Jimmy attacked the woman's breasts with hands and mouth.

"Oh, yeah," the woman sighed. "I like a good heterosexual. That's why Momma gave me titties; for them men."

****

"Y'all want to watch the chassis?" the woman asked ass eh gave Annette a protein and carbohydrate bar. "I saw a real funny one today, maybe they'll repeat it."

She took out her piad and inserted it into a small box on the coffee table. A screen popped up on the wall and sound began to pour out of hidden speakers.

"Oh, yes, yes, here it is!" the woman giggled as a man, dressed in black suit faced the camera.

"President's In-Jari's most recent program of testing children's intelligence, he claims is just a tool to help the government decide how to facilitate the child's needs, but is in actuality a method of separating the higher achievers from the lower achievers so that the government can continue to practice its brand of genocide," the man reported.

"Watch, watch," the woman giggled.

Suddenly the speakers emitted screams and gunshots. The announcer looked over and his head exploded in blood, bone and brains. A few more gunshots were heard, then the screen showed a group of men in red jumpsuits brandishing powerful assault rifles, then the screen went black.

"Oh, my God," Jimmy said, sickened.

"Yeah, those stupid Constitutionalists," the woman sneered.

A smiling woman's face appeared.

"And as you can see, President In-Jari has silenced another rogue broadcaster that was spreading profane and unsubstantiated lies about our wonderful and benevolent government. Thank you, thank you, God bless you, President Ahkmed In-Jari," the woman enthused. "This is Myra Gordon, broadcasting live from the one true chassis, AIJ Broadcasting."

"Want to fuck again?" the woman asked, obviously quite turned on by the brutal violence just reported.

"No, no, hey you wouldn't happen to have a telephone, or a cell phone, huh?" Jimmy asked, fighting down his nausea.

"A what?" the woman asked.

"You know, you want to call someone, you punch in their number," Jimmy asked.

"Where's your piad?" the woman asked.

"Um, lost it," Jimmy said.

"Oh, okay, here, use mine," the woman said and pulled it out of the box.

She then handed the apparatus to Jimmy. Jimmy looked and realized it was a touch screen. He pushed in Doris' number.

"Hello?" Doris' voice came out loudly, harshly.

"Hey Doris," Jimmy said, relieved.

"Jim...Jimmy, what the fuck?" Doris' voice sounded horrified. "God damn it, you know you're not supposed to call me! Jimmy, I swear to God, if they think I'm one of you, I will hunt you and those stupid mother fuckers you hang out with..."

"Uh!" Annette gasped. Momma! You said a bad word!"

"Jimmy!" Doris screamed. "You didn't! What are you doing with Annette? Oh, you son of a bitch, Jimmy Mays I swear to..."

The call was terminated. Jimmy looked up as his hostess tried to burrow into her couch as far away from his as possible.

"Oh my God!" the woman screamed. "You're Jimmy Mays?"

Chapter 2

"Grandpa I got to poo," Annette announced.

"Where's your bathroom?" Jimmy demanded of the frightened woman.

"Here, here," the woman said and guided Annette to the small restroom.

"Please don't hurt me, I'm all out of Pain Away shots," the woman begged.

Uh huh," Jimmy said and pulled the woman into her bedroom.

He knew time was extremely limited; Doris had no great love for him. If he was a fugitive of some sort, Doris would gladly turn him in.

The woman's neck snapped easily enough and he lay her on her cot.

"I'm sorry," he told the corpse. "Really, I am."

He made quick work of looking through the drawers and the small closet. There was nothing of interest or apparent value.

The kitchen provided him with a box of the protein bars and a cache of cookies. Even though he knew Annette didn't need to be eating cookies; she fought a losing battle with chubbiness. The kitchen also provided him with a small, but sharp knife.

"Where's your friend, Grandpa?" Annette asked.

"She went night-night," Jimmy said.

"Ooh, I want to go night-night!" Annette complained.

"I know, Honey, but we have to go," Jimmy said and guided her to the door.

"But I'm tired," Annette whined loudly.

"But we're looking for Cuddles, remember?" Jimmy said.

The ploy worked to distract Annette and Jimmy hurried her down the stairs. They went out the rear, into the alley again, just as the front door of the building burst open. A dozen police, red jumpsuits and red helmets on, carrying assault rifles stormed in and began kicking in doors.

Outside, it was dark. Jimmy pulled Annette to the street where a throng was gathering, watching the police at work. 

"What's going on?" he innocently asked.

"Jimmy Mays was seen going in there," a woman said, clearly in awe.

"Jimmy, no shit?" Jimmy said. "Wonder what he's doing here?"

"Probably spreading his Constitution bull shit," a man said. "You know how those fucking radicals are. And if you don't listen to them, they just kill you."

"Yeah, but nobody here's interested in that junk, huh?" Jimmy said and pulled Annette away from the crowd.

Inside, screams and shots could be heard.

"Ooh, sounds like they found him!" the woman laughed as a loud barrage of gunfire could be heard coming from an upper floor.

****

Jimmy lay his jacket on the ground and Annette fussed and complained, but was soon fast asleep. 

At first, Jimmy was going to gently pull her thumb from her mouth; they were trying to discourage thumb sucking.

"What the fuck does it matter?" he asked himself.

The alley was dark, but thankfully, there were no dumpsters, no foul smells. No windows looked out into the alleyway; they were safe from prying eyes.

Soon, he joined Annette in slumber; tomorrow, he'd try to figure out where they were and how to get out of this nightmare.

****

"I got to pee," Annette whined.

"Go ahead," Jimmy said and stood up.

In the light of day, the alley actually looked relatively clean. Jimmy stiffly walked to the entrance and cautiously looked around. The street was deserted; obviously it was too early for the majority of early morning commuters to be out and about.

"I'm hungry," Annette announced.

"You're always hungry, Jelly Belly," Jimmy smiled and dug out one of the apples he'd plucked from the tree yesterday.

"These are good apples; let's get some more," Annette asked.

"Okay, you remember where we got them?" Jimmy asked her.

After a long moment, Annette shook her head no. They walked down to the corner and Jimmy got his bearings; the sun was beginning to crest the horizon on his left; so right now they were facing south. Instinctively, he turned around and headed north.

"Where we going, Grandpa?" Annette asked as she munched her apple.

"I don't know, Annette," he answered, reminding himself not to snap.

It wasn't her fault they were lost. It wasn't her fault she couldn't comprehend the eminent dangers all around them. It wasn't her fault she was always needing something.

He smiled at her and cupped her sweet, innocent face in his hand. She smiled back and pushed her face into the palm of his hand.

"I love you, Honey," he said quietly.

"Love you more, Grandpa!" Annette loudly announced and giggled.

He took her hand in his and began to walk again.

****

The sun was beginning to warm the landscape; Jimmy carefully removed his jacket, but made sure the precious fruit did not fall out of the pockets. 

Annette was starting to moan under her breath; they would have to find somewhere to sit and rest. He selected a set of steps in front of a tall building and they sat down.
