 (Introduction)

My name is Dr. Falix. All my life I have worked to combine the DNA of many plants, hoping to create a being of unbelievable capabilities, what I did not count on was the a little girl. I was away at the time and had forgotten to lock my equipment up. The girl somehow got into my lab and found the liquidised form of many plants fused into one. I'm not sure what the hell the kid was thinking, but she drank it, every last drop. I, however, didn't find out about this until sixteen years later, when she just turned twenty one. From what I can tell without ruining the entire point of this story, is that the extra DNA had fused with the girl, but remained dormant until her twenty first birthday.

(Main Protagonist)

All my life I've been different. In some ways good, and others just plain weird. The good: I've always been the best looking, through my childhood I was always the cutest, through my teenage years I had the best skin, luxurious hair, and excellent assets, if you catch my drift. The weird: Well, when girls see a snake or anything slimy, they're generally repulsed, I've always loved reptiles, lizards, and especially plants. No one else understood my tastes. When I discovered pornography I couldn't get into the more normal side of it; gangbangs, anal, etc. Then I found hentai, more specifically tentacle hentai.

I watched more tentacle hentai then there was to offer. Eventually I turned to reading tentacle erotica, I found many sites, but the best were Literotica and the Hentai Foundry, both offered some of the craziest tentacle stories I could find. As time went on I began experimenting with sex toys, the usual dildos and butt plugs, but those were all standard size. I wanted something that matched the insane girths and lengths I've read about. You should have seen the face of the clerk in a local sex shop when I asked for a four inch thick dildo that was over a foot long, they didn't but the clerk did tell me a website that offered such products.

My family's rich, though that's not through their hard work. It's all inheritance from my late grandfather who was an oil tycoon, and had millions, which he left to my mum and dad. Anyway under my bed I now have a large box full of absurd dildos and butt plugs, each of which I used to great lengths. I know from human anatomy class at college that ordinarily it'd be near impossible for a human to stretch her anus or vagina four inches without risk of tearing, but I slid them in without any trouble. In fact I found the immense stretching to be nothing but pleasurable.

I'm quite happy with my life. I've got a few great friends, a lot of sex toys, and a hell of a lot of money. But there's one thing that I want to be that money can't make me; a tentacle monster, not something monstrous in appearance, but I wish that I could grow tentacles, oh and a dick (forgot to mention that I have a huge futanari fetish). These things I would give up all my sex toys for, except one: this one is fucking enormous with a whopping eight and a half inches in girth and almost two feet in length, it also had a ball sack that could be filled with whatever liquid you put in, which it would ejaculate after a set time has passed. I usually use it when I'm extremely horny and want to cum quickly.

Oh crap! I should tell you all my name, silly me, my name is Alicia Plantate Amator, strangely enough my last two names are Latin for plant lover. The real story begins just a couple nights before I turn twenty one, so enjoy... I know I do.

(Third Person)

Alicia often had wet dreams, but lately something was different. Each time she dreamt she wasn't doing the fucking with tentacles, nor with a penis, but instead she was taken forcefully by strange plant like creatures. Don't misunderstand, Alicia always woke cumming hard and soaking her sheets with juices, but it still creeped even her out. It also didn't held that lately her sex drive has been in overdrive, every night she would get home from college and cum four or five times before being satisfied, though she was okay with this, what she wasn't okay about the fact that everyone, literally everyone, was becoming sexually appealing to her. Normal people were NEVER sexually appealing to her.

The next day she was out in the forest that surrounded the back of their mansion. She hadn't been out here since she was a little girl. Alicia couldn't remember why she never went back out here, all she remembered was walking around enjoying the sunlight, and then finding a strange house. That's when everything goes blank. Now she walked around taking in the sights and considering going back and getting a picnic, then she saw it, a strange house. The same strange house she remembered seeing, all those years ago. She walked up to the front door and cautiously tried to open it, surprisingly it did.

"Hello?" She called out, "Is anyone home?"

"GET OUT!" Someone yelled to her left. Turning, she saw an old man with a wooden cane.

"Um, sorry for barging in, but I think I found this place when I was little, so I got curious." The man's expression seemed to soften a bit at that, but she also saw a look of suspicion cross over his eyes.

"When did you find this place?" He asked and motioned for her to come into the living room and take a seat.

"Um, like fifteen or sixteen years ago." She answered, the house was remarkably clean, and well maintained, considering the outside was so decrepit.

"So it was you!" He suddenly shouted and she saw him start running at her. Thankfully he was old and slow, while she was young and fast.

She was out of the house and half a mile away from it and the creepy old man in just a minute. She stopped running when she saw her huge home. As she slowed to a walk she was amazed at the lack of fatigue she felt, since she must have ran over a a mile, in under two minutes. Alicia was athletic, but she was never the fastest, her best time being 100 metres in fifty seconds, and she just ran sixteen times that in less than three times the time. Her thoughts: Holy shit! That's fucking awesome!

That night she didn't have a wet dream. Instead they were dreams of being chased by that crazy old man. When she woke she was covered in sweat, her hands shook as she wiped a few stray strands of hair out of her face. This is one of the first times since puberty hit that she hadn't had a wet dream, and this served to make her all the more worried. What did that old man mean, 'So it was you'. She shuddered and went about straightening the sheets on her bed and organising her shower. As the hot water fell on her, she felt all her tension melt away and a very familiar warmth growing between her thighs.

Alicia let her body do all the work. Her hands began rubbing the soapy foam into her large fleshy globes, bringing the pink tips to their hard peaks, pinching the hard nubs with her thumb and forefinger, pulling them away from her body. Unexpectedly she felt the warmth between her legs blossom into a full blown fire, her wet heat was running down the insides of her legs now, and before she knew it she felt her juices squirt in a high arc from her cunt, splashing off the polished walls and onto her face. Her mouth was open in a orgasmic O, meaning that a few drops of her fluid fell into her mouth and on her tongue. 

Alicia had tasted herself before and enjoyed the bittersweet tangy taste of it. This time however was different, she tasted really sweet, like syrup, but not so overpowering. Her hands shot to her crotch where she began frigging her clit and pumping three fingers in and out her soaked fuck hole.

"Why am I... mmm... so hot?" She moaned aloud to herself. Every touch was like liquid pleasure burning through her veins, and every time she stroked her g-spot a flood of her liquid arousal sprayed from the gap between her fingers.

Her fingers stroked her clit so fast that her hand was a blur. She could feel it, so swollen with her arousal, it felt over two inches long. Why is it so big? The thought crossed her mind, but disappeared just as fast. Her second orgasm washed away any and all anxiety, her entire fist slid in without her conscious thought. She somehow contorted her body to the point where she could slide her forearm in and out of her vaginal walls. It felt great, feeling every pulse of her cunt around her arm, and hitting every pleasurable area inside herself. A third orgasm was fast approaching, and she could feel that it was gonna be a big one. Just as she came once again she pulled her arm free of her clenching hole and forced her face down until her lips covered her quickly closing hole.

Just as her lips closed around her hole the first squirt came. The force of the squirt surprised her as it shot down her throat, causing her to gag slightly, but the taste brought a moan of pure pleasure. Another and another squirt filled her mouth and flowed down her oesophagus and into her stomach, quickly filling it with her own cum. After several more squirts the orgasm finally ended, and Alicia laid there girl cum dripping off her chin and mixing with the water still falling down on her. She panted and moaned in the aftermath of her multiple orgasms.

She continuously smiled throughout the day. Not because she was happy or excited, but because every movement she made, the fabric of her clothes would rub against her bare skin and send delightful jolts of electric pleasure to her groin. Throughout the day her juices were constantly dripping down her thighs, soaking her panties and forcing her to change them every hour or so. Her parents were out making preparations for her twenty first birthday, which was now one day away, so the only ones who were around to be suspicious of her behaviour was a pair of maids and the chef, all of which she was on friendly terms with. She asked the chef to make a picnic lunch for her and decided to have lunch outside, in the woods, though she had no intention of ever going near the house again.

Outside the sun was shining brilliantly. Alicia wore nothing but a tank top and tight jeans that hugged her curves perfectly, no bra or panties, to her they were unnecessary. She found a huge oak with a large patch of shade under it, here she laid out a blanket and began stripping. Something about masturbating while surrounded by plant life excited her, as though her blood reacted to being out here, like she felt more at home here than, well at home. She shrugged and laid down, her hands slowly began to stroke her own body, bringing her nipples to hard peaks as her arousal rose higher.

"Oh man, I should do this more often." She moaned and slipped her hands lower to her moist heat.

Several drops of her liquid arousal fell from her hot cunt, and onto the blanket, quickly soaking through it, and into the ground. Unbeknownst to Alicia her juices merged with the tree roots beneath her, causing them to become animated and immediately develop a need for human pussy. Alicia moaned as her fingers slid over her wet pussy, her palm sliding over her throbbing clit, long and hard, begging for more attention. Her entire mind became enamoured with her sex, slipping four fingers in without a thought, using her thumb to press down on her needy nub. So enamoured was she that she couldn't feel the roots growing from the ground and writhing beneath the blanket.

Her other hand went to her breasts, kneading the soft yet firm flesh of her 34D breasts, while pinching the bullet like nipple atop it. Her moans increased in frequency and volume, slowly turning to cries of pleasure as her orgasm shot through her entire body, supercharging it with sexual energy. The roots had gained a small amount of intelligence from the human girl's juices, and soon found their way from under the blanket. There were at least sixteen of them, some thin, others thicker than her wrists. Four thin ones wrapped around her ankles and wrists.

Alicia stopped her masturbation. Something felt... off, she couldn't place her finger on it, then she noticed them; the roots wrapped around her wrists. Before she had a chance to fight back they pulled with incredible strength, forcing her spread eagled. She panted in fear and also from the aftermath of her orgasm, the memory of which caused her pussy to leak another drop of its fluid. She pulled with all her strength, but the roots' grip on her was absolute. Then she realised something and stopped fighting back.

"You're here to fuck me, aren't you?" She asked, her voice husky with lust. True she was being bound by these things, but this was also her fantasy come true. As if in response to her question the roots squeezed lightly.

She watched as two tentacle like roots wrapped around her naked breasts, squeezing them delightfully, while spiralling up to her nipple, where they opened at the tips to reveal little mouths with no teeth. She gasped in shock and pleasure when they latched onto her nipples and began sucking hard, the main body of them squeezing her mammaries rhythmically.

"Oh yeah." She moaned. She could feel them all over her body now, dozens now stroking or sucking at her body with their tiny mouth. She noticed that they all secreted a type of sap that covered her body, giving it a healthy sheen. As she moaned and closed her eyes in pleasure, she felt one stroke her full ruby red lips, as though asking for permission to enter her mouth. Her arms had been released when it became apparent that she would not fight back, and she used one of her freed hands to grip the tendril, stroking it fast and forcing it into her mouth.

It tasted like nothing on this earth. It was like if you take your favourite taste and amplify it by a hundred percent, that was how good the sap tasted. The root was almost three inches thick, and forced her jaw open wide to take it, strangely though Alicia felt no discomfort from this, in fact it only served to make her hornier, and her flowing cum was testament to that fact. The roots seemed to enjoy her mouth and her hands stroking since two more began to push against the tight seal of her lips around the first root. She removed her hand from it and took both roots in each hand, jacking them happily. The ones wrapped around her breasts were joined by a third, which began pushing up between the soft perfect orbs. This is great, she thought as she licked the underside of the root in her mouth and jerked the other two.

This was the calm before the storm. Just as she was about to cum from the attention to her breasts and the taste in her mouth, a sucker mouth latched onto her clit, forcing lighting bolts of pleasure shot through her, causing her to cry out in orgasmic fury into the root. She jerked the others faster and sucked the first one harder. Soon she felt them swell in her grip and mouth, before shooting large amounts of what must have been cum down her throat, and onto her naked body, coating her breasts in light green tinted cum. The one tit fucking her began spraying its load all over her face and neck.

She laid there, her breasts still being squeezed tightly by two of the roots. She panted from the aftermath and coughed from swallowing so much of the root's viscous fluid. Alicia wasn't given a chance to rest and gasped when the root on her clit sucked hard, and she felt one rubbing against her swollen labia, bringing a small flood of juices as she experienced a mini orgasm then and there.

"Please," She pleaded weakly, "Fuck me." The thick phallic root didn't waste any time and penetrated her pleading pussy. It was so thick that it stretched her delightfully wide, while pushing in a full foot, before smashing into her womb's barrier.

The root pulled out slowly. She could feel every bump of it, as it pulled out, then she nearly came as it plunged in hard and fast, once again smashing into her cervix. There was no pain, only ecstasy. She was so close to cumming again, she could feel it burning brighter within her. Then another thick root pressed against her tight rosebud, slowly entering her and filling yet another orifice, even as it clenched around it, she came harder than ever before. So hard in fact that she temporarily lost conscious. When she woke the roots were still fucking her as hard as ever, actually they fucking her even harder, with three roots in each hole, stretching her more than should ever be possible. She could feel them twisting around inside her.

Her vision came back into focus and she could see it. The roots writhing beneath her flesh, their long thick bodies bulging out of her stomach, as they fucked her hard and fast, never stopping, even as her consciousness faded once again in mind blowing pleasure as her next orgasm literally exploded within her, her juices drenching the roots and blanket. When she next awoke, the roots had thickened and were fucking her in short, but powerful strokes. They're cumming? She thought and nearly died as another orgasm approached.

"Yes! Yes, cum in me. Fill me with your sap, fuck me 'til I burst!" She screamed and came just as the first jet filled her, forcing her already tightly packed womb to expand, making the bulges disappear as her abdomen bloated. She could feel the viscous fluid filling and expanding her intestines as well. It was like nothing she'd ever experienced.

Five minutes later the flow of cum subsided. Alicia should have been terrified of her heavily bloated stomach, filled to bursting with the strange cum.

"What's the time?" She asked aloud, moaning as the roots left her extremely stretched orifices. A root lifted itself to her face, wearing her watch.

"The fuck?" She gasped and threw the thought aside, with all that's happened today this was pretty minor. She looked at the watch and saw that it was half past four in the afternoon, she had left at quarter to one, she'd been here for almost four hours.

"Sorry babes, I've gotta go." The roots seemed to be saddened by this, "Don't worry, I promise I'll come back soon." She told them and kissed a thick one, smearing the sap all over her lips.

She put her clothes back on and began to make her way back. Just as the mansion came into view she remembered that she was covered in the dried cum of the roots, and she had no idea how to explain it away without sounding crazy. She heard a rustling behind her and turned to see a thick root standing (sort of) before her.

"Did you follow me?" She asked, it's response was to nod, "Why?" She saw a drop of clear fluid drip from its tip. She knew its intentions immediately and stripped once again, giving the root full access to her body, covered in dried green tinted cum. Immediately the root began spraying a cool fluid all over her, rinsing the seed from her body and giving her skin a healthy glow. Once it was over she was clean of cum and looked better than ever before, though that seemed impossible all things considered.

"Thank you." She said and gave it a pat like one does for a pet.

Back in the mansion she watched TV, read books or magazines, and did anything to keep her mind off the roots.

"Are you okay, Miss Alicia?" Asked one of the maids. She was young, only twenty two, and short, standing at a mere five foot four. She had perfectly shaped C cup breasts, a slim waist, long shapely legs, and a nice face, with long black hair and full lips that would look so good around a nice thick cock. Alicia banished the thoughts from her mind and answered,

"Uh, yeah, I'm fine. Is everything set for tomorrow?"

"Of course. Your twenty first will be something to remember, although..." She said and looked concerned.

"Is something wrong?" Alicia asked concerned.

"it's just that your father probably won't be able to make it due to work issues, and the chef needs to go and visit his sick child, so you'll have to put up with us."

"You say this like it's a bad thing. This way we can have more fun, and not have to worry about the guys being rude."
