 **My first story about something that I have always been fascinated by, you may find other works by me under the name Sas It Up. Please feel free to let me know your honest opinion. Happy Reading! Had no idea where to post this in what category, so I eventually decided to make it Audio...then chickened out, so here it is with the picture that inspires. 

The soft sounds came through the open window. The navy curtains blew in the wind as nature prepared for the storm. Animals crept through the night, seeking shelter for the evening. Even the blooming moonflowers had closed their scented petals to care for their delicate bodies. The woods around the large Victorian home had all but vanished into a dark world when the master of the house awoke. He awoke to the sounds of the old shutters slamming against his bedroom door. Jumping from bed he pulled the shutters closed, with the tiny metal catch they locked. He then pulled down the more modern windowpanes to keep the cool air from rushing over his heated skin. That's when he noticed the sweat, the heat permeating off his body. He glanced at the unmade bed, seeing the torn sheets...pieces still attached to the headboards.... glancing to his bruised wrists...it came back...

He woke to find his body tied to the bed...he could feel the heat of her lips pressing along his thigh, yet he could not for the life of him open his eyes. Her hair must be long he thought, as it trailed along his thigh, following the sweet path of her mouth. A tongue like no other caressed his skin in patterns of swirls and pictures. He could only feel the heat...like this woman was a ball of fire on his skin, torching him with her every touch. Soon her soft thighs straddle his body, he tried to move his arms, but he could feel the fabric tighten on his wrists. His body was now on fire as she ran her sharp nails down his chest, he both feared and desired this woman. Soon he found a nipple being pressed to his lips, softly being rubbed back and forth against his dry lips, he sought to taste her with his tongue. She pressed her nipple into his mouth, tucking it between his lips. He suckled on her tight bud as she slowly ran her nails down his cheeks. He still could not open his eyes, and yet he could feel no binding on his face. Her nipple was swiftly pulled from his mouth and replaced with the other. He drew this nipple between his lips but this time he let the rough edges of his teeth press into it's softness. Laughter...ringing laughter...

Her body slid from his and he wished she would come back, the heat of her body had left him and he suddenly felt chilled to the bone. His body thrummed with excitement as he felt her soft palms wrap around his hardening cock. He couldn't believe how her hands engulfed him, one sneaky hand snaking down between his thighs to scratch lightly, before cupping his balls. The hand caressed him and soon his balls swelled with heat and arousal, his hips bucked and her palm shifted up and down his thickening cock. Her hand swiftly descended down his cock before it slid back up; he felt the warmth of her breath against his shaft. 

He could tell her mouth was close, he could almost feel the heat, suddenly the tip of his cock was surrounded by wetness. Utter bliss drove every imaginable thought from his body. He no longer cared who this woman was, as long a she never left him. Her mouth covered the head of his cock and he felt that long tongue surrounding him, swirling around and around his cock. Pre cum oozed from his swollen shaft and he moaned as she allowed inch by thickening inch down her wet throat. He could feel his balls swelling; ready to release his load deep into her throat, by now he expected her to pull out as he finally could find his voice with a shout, "Please". 

Her hand tightened on his balls and he could barely hold back. Unexpectedly he could feel pain at her touch as well as sweet pleasure. Her mouth lifted from him as his body cried out for release...her mouth was gone...his bounds where broken...he opened his eyes to see crystal green eyes haunting him.... they looked down to his manhood and then to his face, he didn't know this...creature...and as the windows flung open he saw her body take flight as his orgasm hit him with pleasure and a hint of pain...his body convulsed and blackness hit him....

...like a dream or a nightmare....

He shook his head and walked towards the bathroom. Reaching out he hit the light switch, and nothing happened. The cool tile floors in the bathroom made him walk swiftly to the shower stall and turn the creaky knob for hot water. There was a sound in the bedroom and he looked up to see a flash of green reflected in the mirror, but just as fast as it appeared it was gone. He could barely get a grip on his mind as he climbed into the shower and turned the water higher. As the hot beads of water pelted his skin he felt his muscles slowly start to relax. He once again started to regain his composure. Reaching out he picked up the soap and slowly began soaping his body. The warmth of the water, the slick feeling of soap running over his skin had him closing his eyes...

He felt her again, her mouth was again tracing up his thigh, tongue flicking out like a snake as she her fingers trailed through the hair on his legs. He could feel her tongue curling and withdrawing over his heated flesh. Her mouth making its way to his soft cock, soon her lips traced the form of his cock, molding it into a strong erect statue. His cock begged for her mouth once again, and she slowly took him inside her warm cavity. This time his hands held the back of her head. He could feel her sleek hair, and he found it odd that it wasn't wet. She stood in front of him, blocking the shower's spray...and yet he could feel her smooth hair...dry as could be. 

The pain wasn't present this time. This time her mouth moved up and down his cock, deep throating him. His girlfriend would have been gagging by now but with this creature, her body engulfed him like she could swallow his cock whole, as well as his balls. Her nails tickled at his heavy balls, one finger shifting to find his anus. Soon he could feel that single digit caressing the soft skin around and around. His balls tightened and he could feel her mouth working harder and harder on his hard shaft. His knees started to buckle as he felt his cum working up his cock. He could feel his balls boiling and contracting hard as his cock emptied load after load of his cum down her throat. Her mouth never once retreated from him, it was like she was sucking his whole body dry through his cock, the pressure was unbelievable and her mouth continued to suck him off. Her lips worked tightly to milk him of every bit of his seed. Darkness hit him like a ton of bricks; he could still feel the pounding of the blood rushing through his cock as he came....

.... He awoke lying in the bottom of the shower, weaker then he had ever been in his life. He could see the light rays reflecting across the floor of the bathroom. Suddenly he was chilled to the bone, he realized the water washing down his body was ice cold and spewing forth from the showerhead. The smallest sliver of soap lay near the drain, his head hurt and there was a slight mark on his thigh, a scratch...a mark of dominance...or power...he wasn't certain.