 Disclaimer: All individuals in this story are eighteen or older. The author does not condone sexual acts with non-consenting participants. The author does condone consenting adults doing basically whatever they want to each other in the privacy of their own home. Please enjoy. Constructive feedback is appreciated.

*****

The package was pretty unremarkable. It was small, about the size of a softball, wrapped in plain brown paper. I tore into it without bothering to look at the return address, assuming it was the jewelry I bought online. It was not. 

Instead of finding a bit of glittery metal, I found a dark sphere, about the size of a baseball. It was hard, but gave under pressure, like rubber, but slicker. It felt slightly warm, and I couldn't tell if the warmth was simple being absorbed from my hand, or was generated by the ball itself. It was kind of pretty, the surface swirling with dark blue and purple streaks. It was almost hypnotic, the way the colors twisted and blended into each other.

"Weird," I muttered to myself, examining the discarded wrapping. There was no return address, no address at all for that matter. Someone must have put it in my mailbox. I suppose this should have alarmed me, but it seemed harmless enough. I shrugged and put it on my nightstand, smiling at the colorful swirls.

I spent some time online, trying to identify the mystery orb, but had no such luck. I came across a few conspiracy websites claiming it was some kind of egg connected to an alien invasion, but that seemed just south of bat crap crazy, so I ignored it. As the evening wore on I gave in to fatigue, deciding that this mystery could wait for another day. I rubbed the "egg" affectionately, then slipped out of my bra and jeans and fell into bed.

I woke up to something brushing against my leg. It wasn't an unpleasant sensation, far from it. It was like a gentle pressure against my skin, like a lover kissing her way up my thigh. I didn't recall picking up any girls at the bar or anything, nor had I managed anything more than a polite wave with the cute girl down the hall from me, so I assumed this was a dream.

Only it wasn't a dream. I was very much awake and my mystery lover was getting very close to my panties. I tossed the sheets away, but I still couldn't see who, or what was in my bed. What I did see was my pretty purple orb, or rather what was left of it. Shards of it were on my nightstand and floor, glittering in the moonlight.

I finally caught a glimpse of the leg kissing bandit as I sat up, spotting a shiny black streak against my inner thigh. I had no idea what it was. It looked kind of like a slug, but it wasn't slimy. It was less about six inches long, thick and fat, with a sucker-like appendage at its head. It continued moving up my thigh, seeming very interested in the space between my legs.

This was about the point where a normal girl would leap out of bed screaming, but I was more curious than anything else. The sensation was quite pleasurable, and it didn't seem to be hurting me, so I figured, what's the harm?

I gasped as the creature finally reached my panties. It brushed against my labia through the thin cloth, kissing my pussy lips, pleasing me in a way I had never experienced. "Well hello to you too!" I groaned contently.

The longer it worked against my panties, the more my arousal built. It didn't take long until I was no longer content to keep the cloth barrier between us. I shifted the crotch of my underwear to the side, allowing the creature unrestricted access to my pussy. 

My reward was instantaneous. It latched onto my clit and sucked away at it. "Holy fuck!" I squealed as my little lover brought me over the edge. It let go right as the intensity was too much to bear, opting instead to probe its head inside my cunt.

The rational side of my brain, the side that wasn't addled by post-orgasmic endorphins told me there was no way in hell I should let an alien slug inside my pussy. I ignored it. I could feel its muscles contract as it worked its way inside me, pulling the length of its body between my lips. "Fuck me!" I screamed as the last of it disappeared inside my cunt, coming hard as it moved in deeper and deeper.

I could still feel it moving as I lay in a sweaty panting heap on top of my sheets. I pushed two fingers inside of my sex to try and find it, but I only felt my own warmth and wetness. I still felt movement and I swore I saw a slight bulge in my abdomen. I considered the possibility that the creature managed to pass through my cervix and into my womb. The thought amused rather than frightened me, the prospect that I might be pregnant with an alien slug monster eliciting a giggle.

"Well, that was fun," I murmured sleepily my new passenger, half-convinced that I was dreaming. "Good night."

-

I slept hard, waking late in the day. Fortunately, I worked from home, so I didn't have to be anywhere. As sex dreams go, the previous night's was the most intense I'd ever had. I woke up to sheets full of sweat and girl cum, more that even the most ambitious evenings of lesbian sex had ever produced.

I blinked when I saw the egg shells. I knew for certain they were egg shells now, spotting the film of the interior lining on the remaining fragments. That also explained the flutter in my stomach, which I woke up thinking was gas, because it had to be gas, because there was no way in hell last night was real.

"Oh my god," I murmured, placing a hand against my slightly swollen stomach. Something moved against it.

I considered going to a hospital. A perfectly rational course of action, given the circumstances. However, I knew that if I went to a hospital, three things would happen. They'd think I was crazy, but they'd examine me. Once they examined me, they'd find out I was telling the truth. Once they found out I was telling the truth, they'd remove the creature.

I didn't want that to happen.

Call me crazy, which was fair, seeing as I had an alien parasite inside my uterus and my plan was to leave it there, but I had no intention of letting any harm come to it. "I must be losing my mind," I muttered, brushing my stomach with my fingertips. The creature tapped against them in response.

I decided to ignore the big problem and focus on a smaller, more manageable one. I was starving. I headed for the kitchen and tore into my fridge, noshing on a couple of random things before discovering that I had a hardcore craving for dairy. I sat at the counter noshing on a block of cheese, washing it down with the remaining half gallon of milk in the fridge.

My dairy binge took the edge off, but I wasn't quite satisfied. Fortunately, there was an Italian place a few block away that delivered and they had pretty amazing alfredo. I ordered enough for myself and four other people, then watched TV while I waited. I only just remembered to throw on a pair of yoga pants before answering the door.

"That'll be forty dollars and seven cents," the deliveryman said. I watched him glance into my empty apartment. I felt the judgement, but I did not care. I did care that the cute girl from across the hall spotted me in my disheveled glory, but she flashed a grin and waved, despite me looking less than gorgeous.

"Here you go, thanks," I said, handing him a fifty. I waved back at my neighbor while accepting the food, temporarily forgetting my bizarre situation, but new movement inside my womb brought me back to reality. I closed the door on the both of them and set to work feeding my little parasite.

Over the next several days I went through gallons of milk and pounds of cheese. I still craved other things, but I literally couldn't get enough milk. It all went straight to my belly, which took on a distinct paunch that continued to swell over time. By the end of the week I looked like I was in my second trimester.

Despite the fact that I actually looked like I was pregnant with an alien slug monster, I was still oddly content with my situation. It helped that I looked completely normal otherwise. Despite eating my weight in a week, I was still as trim and attractive as ever. The only change besides the baby bump was in my breasts, which seemed to get the pregnancy memo and started growing along with my belly.

I actually liked my new body better than the old. I felt like a fertility goddess, my swollen belly and gently padded curves radiating femininity. Neighbor girl seemed to notice too, and while I hoped she didn't end up assuming that I was straight, I was happy to catch her eying my body.

I was a little nervous about the prospect of actually giving birth to whatever was inside me. I didn't know when or if it would stop growing, and I was vaguely concerned that my poor stomach might just burst. Mostly it was the uncertainty that weighed on my mind. I knew that something was going to happen, but I wasn't sure what.

-

Eventually, something did. On the tenth day of my pregnancy, my abdominal muscles started to clench and contract in the middle of a service call. I managed to hang up just as liquid started seeping out of my cunt. I peeled of my jeans and panties and waited for the inevitable.

"Oh god. Here it comes," I moaned. The pressure was incredible, exhausting, but not painful. I ran my hands up and down my distended abdomen, looking forward to finally seeing what was growing inside me, but strangely sad at the prospect of no longer being so beautifully gravid.

The urge to push hit me. I obeyed. I squatted down low, bearing down as something shifted and moved through my birth canal. I groaned as it stretched me. Whatever it was felt impossibly large, but as it spread my lips apart, I felt only pleasure, not pain.

"You've got this," I whispered to myself. I felt the tension in my cunt peak as it crowned. I reached down, feeling a smooth hard mass emerging from my lips. The dam broke as the object popped free of my opening, and I surrendered to the orgasm I was too exhilarated and exhausted to know was coming.

Once I came down from cloud nine, I examined the object that came out of my body. It was a smooth dark orb, similar in shape and size to the one from the package, although lacking in purple, more navy blue in color.

"Holy shit! Did I just lay an egg?" I asked incredulously.

The contractions were over, and my belly was a little less swollen than before, but only just. I still looked quite pregnant, and I suspected that this egg was only the first. I picked it up carefully, strangely proud of my spherical offspring. Sure it was technically an alien slug egg, but it grew inside of me, so I liked to think I was a part of it.

I wasn't sure what to do with it. I didn't know how long it would take to hatch, and what to do when it did. It needed a host, that much I was certain of, but I was pretty sure I wouldn't be able to talk some random woman into letting a slug crawl inside her pussy.

Of course, now that I thought about it, there really wasn't any need for persuasion on my part. Hadn't I been swayed by the simple pleasure of the experience? Who knows, maybe these things gave of some crazy pheromones that shut down the fear nodes and amped up the pleasure centers of the brain. The best thing I could do was give the egg to a worthy candidate and let nature take its course. I had just the right woman in mind.

-

I left my egg on my attractive neighbor's doorstep, although I put more effort into the packaging. I included a note that read, "Thought you might enjoy this. Yours, 2B." I figured coy and flirty was best when gifting alien eggs.

It wasn't long before I faced the prospect of who to give the next one too. I felt the now familiar pangs of labor again the following morning. I knew what to do this time, and I simply listened to my body, savoring the experience. I rather liked laying eggs, especially when I was rewarded with devastatingly intense orgasms. 

I laid another the next day, and another the day after that, noting that the interval between births was shrinking. Twenty-four hours went nineteen. Between that and the fact that my belly was still growing, I was confident my capacity would improve with time. 

A knock at the door interrupted my next set of contractions. It wasn't takeout, and I didn't usually get guests, so my curiosity was piqued. It was still early, enough so that I didn't have to worry about an egg falling out of my pussy mid conversation, so I answered the door.

It was the neighbor girl. She had a shy grin on her face. Her hand caressed her stomach protectively. "Hey," she said softy.

"Hey," I replied, unable to mask the grin on my face.

"It hatched."

I glanced down at her abdomen. It wasn't swollen, but the look on her face told me everything.

"Got something inside you?" I asked knowingly.

She nodded. "It's amazing. I've never felt anything so sensual, so alive before. Where did it come from?"

Something told me I should show her instead of tell her. "See for yourself," I said coyly.

I invited her in, offering her a seat. As she sat, I noticed two things. The first was that she wasn't wearing a bra. The second was probably what caused the first, her breasts were noticeably larger. No baby bump, but bigger boobs. Very interesting.

"This may be a little bit strange," I warned her.

"There's an alien symbiont inside my uterus. I'd say we blew right past strange already," she quipped. Fair enough.

I slipped my silky new maternity dress up over my head and slid my panties to the floor. Neighbor girl, whose name I really needed to learn at some point, just observed, looking over my fertile form approvingly. I hissed as the next contraction, more powerful than the rest hit. Perfect timing.

I sat down and leaned back, spreading my legs wide so she could get a good view. I grunted as the egg started to crown. The girl stared at my stretched cunt, awestruck as the egg popped free and I cried out in sweet agony.

"That was amazing," she cooed, very carefully picking up the brand new egg.

"Thanks. It was kind of fun having an audience," I said with a tired smile. "I'm Dani by the way."

"Clarissa. Nice to finally meet you," she said. She offered her hand to help me up, then helped me back into my dress. I didn't bother with the panties this time.

"I guess impregnating you with an alien symbiont thing is one way of getting your attention," I joked.

Clarissa giggled. "I would have settled for flowers," she grinned. "So, how many of these eggs are there?"

"You're holding number five. I gave you the first one, but I haven't figured out what to do with the other three," I explained.

"I'll take care of them," Clarissa said excitedly. "I can give one to my sister, and one to both of my old roommates. We could give the last one to Amanda in 1C. She'd love it."

It seemed like a good plan, but I was amazed at how willing Clarissa was to act on it. "You sure you want to put slugs inside your friends and family?" I asked bluntly.

"Of course. They'll love it. How could they not? It feels so good. It's like perpetual afterglow, you know what I mean?"

I did know. Even when I wasn't laying eggs, I felt oddly content, like I was on a constant hormone high. If it felt half as good for them as it did for me, there wasn't a woman on earth I could deny.

"I'll lay another egg tomorrow. Do you think you could find a home for it?" I asked.

"Definitely," Clarissa beamed. "Do you think I could watch?"

"Definitely."

-

Clarissa became my enthusiastic new sidekick, a fact that I was increasingly grateful for. I kept getting bigger, and the bigger I got, the more often I laid an egg. I was already up to two per day, and at this rate it wouldn't be long before I hit three. I looked like I was almost nine months pregnant, and my body gave no indication it was slowing down.

Clarissa was present for as many births as her work schedule would allow. She held and caressed me when the contractions hit, kissing me softly as I rode the pleasure waves. Egg-laying and lovemaking merged into one activity, to the point where I could scarcely tell the difference.

She also took over keeping me fed. I could hardly keep up with the demands of my uterus, but a new source of nourishment manifested itself. "Drink up my love," Clarissa offered gently, exposing her breast to me after I laid my third egg of the day. Her breasts were massive now, bright blue veins radiating across her pale flesh. Milk dripped freely from her inviting nipples, fat, erect wonders that inspired lust as well as hunger.

I latched on without hesitation, murmuring happily as the sweet nectar ran down my throat. Her milk was far more satisfying than anything else I'd ever consumed. I nursed away for an hour before she ran dry. She kissed me, tasting her own milk on my lips. 

"There's more where that came from my queen," she promised.

Clarissa had been busy. After a few phone calls, a new of girls entered my apartment. Their breasts were heavy and milk-laden as well. They each waited patiently to nurse me, staying late into the evening, long enough to help me lay my forth egg in twenty-four hours.

My steady supply of breast milk kicked my egg production into overdrive. I laid seven the next day, and nine the day after. I went from looking like I was forty weeks pregnant to looking like I was overdue with twins. Luckily I was never alone. A constant stream of beautiful, friendly, helpful, and sexually flexible women were at my beck and call.

I was too big for my entire wardrobe at this point, so I dispensed with clothing altogether. My girls stripped down as soon as they entered the apartment, both to make me comfortable in my own nudity and to allow me to revel in their beauty. I had no idea how many there were. It seemed every day there was a new face.

"How would you feel about a new place my queen?" Clarissa asked me one day as she caressed my stomach with her fingers.

"I'm not sure I'll be able to afford it," I replied. I had no idea when the last time I got any work done was, but I had to have been fired by now. I'm not sure why I hadn't been evicted yet, but like so many other things, I simply quit caring.

"Don't worry about it. We all pitched in. I think you'll like it. Plenty of room."

I nodded gratefully. "Why do you call me your queen?" I asked. Not that I minded. I was simply curious.

Clarissa grinned. "It seemed appropriate. The creatures inside us, they seem to have a hierarchy like social insects. One queen that lays eggs, with an army of drones to service and protect her," she explained.

I made a face. "You're not drones," I insisted.

She laughed. "We kind of are my queen," she teased playfully. "But don't feel guilty or anything. We like it. I know I do."

"Fair enough." With that, I went back to suckling the gorgeous redhead that was kind enough to nurse me. I think her name was Laura. Maybe Lana. Something like that.

-

A couple of seamstresses I impregnated put together a comfortable robe for me to wear to my new home. I stepped outside for the first time in, weeks, months maybe, amazed at the fruit of my efforts. A small army of women stood outside waiting for me, including armed security guards.

"Are all of them mine?" I asked, awestruck.

"You've been laying over a dozen eggs a day. This is just the tip of the iceberg," Clarissa said matter-of-factly. That much was true. I was laying an egg at an hourly rate and I was nearly as round as I was tall at this point. It took a pair of fairly athletic women to help me move around, and even then I could only manage a slow waddle.

My escorts helped me into the limousine, which seemed excessive, until I realized that the open seats were the only ones spacious enough to accommodate my massive belly. I couldn't sit down without spreading my legs at a ninety-degree angle. The driver was slow and cautious, allowing me to nurse from one of my guards without worrying about accidently biting one of the poor girl's nipples.
