 Alright, so last chapter was a bit of a kick start into the story. The reason the previous chapters were so slow is because I wanted to let the characters sink in. From this point forward, I'll be delving a bit deeper into the story but don't fret; I love some hot scenes as much as the next person =P. And, as always, please check out the previous chapters if you haven't already. They turned out better than I expected and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon. Anyways, onward to Chapter 4!

*****

- 11:00 AM Saturday -

Rose led the way. Behind her, I awkwardly crinkled the brown paper bag that dangled so helplessly from my cringing fists. Why the hell would I ever agree to something like this? There I was, shooting glances from left to right, double-checking that no one was suspicious of us as I followed her down the sidewalk. "Jesus, you look like a crack addict" Rose chuckled at my clearly broken composure. "Chill out. I won't tell her it's yours. Besides, she's a friend of mine and she's damn good at what she does" she slowed enough for me to meet her side where she wrapped an arm around me. I blushed and maneuvered the bag away from her to avoid an accidental bump. Still watching over our shoulders, we finally greeted the doors of the Hot Brew.

It was a small coffee shop situated really close to her apartment, and also where we had our first date. We came here often, either for a quick meal or even just to sit down and be together out of the apartment. So, it only made sense that Rose chose this place to be our host for the meeting. Obviously, I was scared out of my skin. We'd been planning this an entire week in advance and it's been gnawing at me every day that's gone by. Today is the day that would predict our future together as a couple...and whether or not our dreams could come true. Entering after Rose, I scanned the seats for a woman I've never seen before in my life. Stupid, I know, but I had this pre-built image of her in my mind: Tall, glasses, lab coat, a down-to-business attitude and a judgmental glare. Thank god I was wrong.

"There she is" Rose smiled and picked up the pace down a row to the very back. A girl stood up, arms raised as they made contact. They squeezed each other in a brief hug while saying their greetings. She was on the shorter side, petite like me, multiple colors streaking random strands of her blonde hair and a ring that sat angled on her lower lip. Needless to say, I was taken aback by this. She was supposed to be a doctor? I guess it was quite a bitch move on my part to be assuming stuff beforehand, but seriously she looked like she had just come from a rock concert. Well, there was no doubt that she was Rose's friend. Rose looked back at me after pulling away from the hug and waved for me to come over and meet the woman that would be analyzing the paper bag's contents.

Nervously staring at the bag, I headed toward them with my blush only burning brighter in my cheeks. Why the hell would I ever agree to something like this?

- 1 hour earlier -

"I think it's about time" Rose eyed me playfully as she packed away our dishes. Sharply looking away, my heart coiled deeper into my chest. A blush started to creep over my features and I slowly allowed my gaze to find her own. I didn't know how she wanted to go about this whole ordeal, and I was too embarrassed to ask. She finished up, turned on her heels and came up to me with her hands slipping around my hips. "Are you sure you want to do this, Eve?" she softened, her expression showing sincerity. It took me a few seconds under her piercing gaze to finally nod. "We can tell her not to come, ya know? We don't have to do this if you're uncomfortable with it. Are you sure about this?" her palm came to my cheek and I pushed up against it in thought. Again, after some thinking, I nodded.

A smile spread across her lips and she leaned down to peck me softly. "This will be good for both of us. I'd rather know the truth...and not get my hopes up...know what I mean?" she said a little sadly. I met her hand with my own and squeezed softly. It wasn't much in the sense of comfort but our situation was somewhat complicated. She pulled me into a tight hug out of the blue, nuzzling into my neck. Wrapping my arms around her, we stood for some time as we silently begged for the same outcome. My palm soared down her side before resting against her tummy. As if to finalize our decision, I nodded. I wanted to know the truth as much as she did. I wanted to know if we could be parents.

Backing away slightly, she smiled at me, turning the corners of her lips into something more naughty. "Well then, you better get at it" she chuckled. A red hue came to my cheeks and I looked downward then back up to her eyes, my way of asking what I should do. She caught on to what I meant and stepped out of the hug to reach behind the kitchen counter. After a little fishing, she retrieved a glass jar, kinda like a beaker but without the measurements. "I'm heading out" her tone hinted some mischief. "So, I want you to do your thing and I'll be back in time to leave, okay?" she handed the jar to me, as well as the tight-sealing lid for it. I hesitantly lifted it from her palms to feel the weight of what could possibly be a big part of our future. Her words left me feeling slightly confused and nervous. Placing it down on the counter, I eyed her for answers. She wanted me to do it on my own?

I took her hand to give it a light squeeze as my gaze shot to the front of my hoodie. She lifted my knuckles to her lips and gave them a small peck. "I know, Eve. I would love to help, but I think this will be good for you. Take this time to learn a few things about yourself. You've never had to do it like this, huh?" she flipped my hand so that she was able to rub her cheek into its palm. I turned away and nodded. She's always been there for me when I had those urges. An entire week living with her and it's been the greatest time of my life. This would be the first time I've ever had to, well...touch myself. Strange, I admit. I didn't even know how to really do it, but I guessed that it would come to me naturally...but still...it was weird...dirty. It's wrong...isn't it?

Noticing the conflict behind my eyes, she cracked a grin and brushed up against my palm, moving it oddly. Her lips parted ever so slightly. With my eyes still transfixed to the side, I didn't realize what she was doing before I felt the warmth of her tongue stroke the underside of my middle and forefinger. Sharply facing her, she sucked my digits to the joint, capturing them within the moist warmth of her mouth. By that point, my mind had gone blank. She pressed the tip of her tongue to the crevice between my fingers, prying through them to swirl around each one individually. Both were coated in a fine blanket of her saliva, constantly being swapped and replaced by her wondering wet whisk. The look in those emerald hues could melt butter, a mixture of erotic and mischievous. Once she had caught my attention, her eyelids lowered steadily, not breaking eye contact until the radiant green was hidden.

Getting lost in the sensation, I was barely aware of the growing bulge that strained against the front of my tracksuit pants. I was too nervous to move my fingers, but I was too aroused to simply pull my hand away. The inside of her mouth was so hot and wet and her skilled tongue worked in perfect harmony with how her lips gripped at my intruding fingers. Although, my other hand knew exactly what it wanted to do. Curiously, anxiously, nervously, I brought my palm to touch the aching bulge that protruded lewdly from my pants. Dragging my open hand up and down its length, I exhaled a heavy breath. Her lips, that invigorating suction, the heavenly warmth; I swear that I could feel it all diluting into my bloodstream, tingling my lower tummy. She swallowed my fingers down to the knuckle and I instinctively thrust my hips forward, as though I would push more of myself down her throat but I was disappointed to feel my bulge grind roughly into my palm. I needed release.

And then she pulled away. That sensation ceased. She licked her way up my fingers until only a thick, clear string of her saliva connected my digit tips to her luscious lips. Breaking out of my trance, I mewed with frustration but quickly realized my helpless, needy voice. Flushing red, I diverted my gaze. I felt a small kiss on my wrist, followed by her steamy breath in my ear. "Now you have something to think about while I'm gone...Enjoy yourself" the last bit almost sounded like an order...and I had no intentions of disobeying her. Every thought that was blocking me before had just been forgotten.

She released me and headed for the door, giving me a quick glance over her shoulder. Compared to her smooth, controlled, in-charge personality, I could only watch with weak knees and jealousy. She's perfect...and I'm just...me. "I love you, Eve" her words slipped through the closing door and I caught sight of her beauty just before it was too late.

-A single moment that was stamped into my memories-

Her crimson hair, a wave shadowing her left hue,

covering up that shy lady in scented strands; 

Her loving smile of glistening peels, 

the sweetest fruit; 

Her complexion, that golden glow of sun baked beach, 

tender like the finest sand and just as welcoming;

Her pride built upon sheer dominance,

others fear and envy her; 

One such as me.

*

Why me? Of all the people in the world...why settle for me? Then the door shut and I was alone. 

=XXX

My imperfections stared right back at me, twice as shattered as I remembered. Cringing my fists into the bathroom sink, I grit my teeth and trembled at the hateful glare of my reflection. Nothing. I saw nothing like that in myself. No beauty, no confidence, no reason. I didn't understand. Taking a step back, I undid my bra and added it to the small pile on the floor. Nope, that didn't help. My fingertips felt the flesh of my small mounds as I watched myself closely in the mirror. I could easily flatten my hands against my chest, albeit with a little bit of force, but it still proved my point. Disappointed with the angle, I turned around, looking at my side and back in the mirror. Always wearing those thick, baggy clothes had left me as pale as a porcelain plate, and not a lot more interesting either. Why me?

Hooking my panties with both thumbs, I slowly dragged them down my thighs and then stepped out once it reached my ankles. First greeted by my erect adversary, I immediately shifted on my heels to get a better look from my left. It jutted and bounced with life, bobbing lewdly in the air near my tummy. Such an eager beast, searching for a means of release. It was the thing I despised the most about myself. Because my imperfections weren't enough, I was given this thing as a joke. Someone must be laughing hysterically or else it would just be a lame prank. Rotating a little bit more, I focused rather on my lower features. Getting a broad view of myself, I noticed how tightly my skin was hugging me. I was too thin, unladylike with only subtle curves that didn't exactly draw the eye. Why me?

I gave a long, agitated sigh and sat on the tub's lip. Why couldn't I just be happy? Why did I insist on doing this to myself? Why question everything if I know that it will only make me depressed? There I go again.

Best to focus on what's important. My length bounced anxiously as I glared at it, like an untamed puppy that didn't know when it was being scolded. Having Rose around all this time, I'd never really thought about doing this myself, nor did I have a plan for it. With my mind overflowing with thoughts of her, and my arousal at its peak, I honestly had no idea what to do with it. The only thing that came to mind was to recreate that first time with her, the first time that she touched me in that way. Quickly glancing at the sink, I wanted to double check that the beaker was there and ready for when I needed it, which it was. I didn't want to be put in an awkward position when the time came. Despite having nobody in the apartment, and the zero risk of a random person visiting, I had locked the main door, as well as the bathroom door. In hindsight, it was kinda ridiculous, but I guess I was nervous at the time.

I swallowed hard and looked down at my cock. Just relax. Touching its base, I squeezed its girth carefully between my thumb and forefinger. I couldn't believe how hard it felt beneath the soft, spongy exterior. How the hell was Rose able to deal with this thing? I slowly wrapped my hand around it and I felt my soul slouch in preparation, getting comfortable to watch the show. My fingers parted slightly, my palm loose, I stroked my cock to the mushroom tip. Amazing how such a masculine thing felt strangely feminine. It was smooth and snug in my cradling hand, which I found quite pleasant. Milky in color, like me, although it had a polished, very subtle hue to it, as though it were blushing. Sprouting the tip, the cute thing, a velvety, girlish pink. The more I pumped its length, the more natural it was becoming. At first, I barely felt anything save for the small details like its weight and creamy texture, but then that familiar pleasure began to brew in my lower tummy.

A heavy breath escaped my lips. Was I enjoying it? Once I had entered a steady rhythm, my thoughts began to disperse, leaving me blank. But, the rough friction of my hand quickly ruined the mood. Every time I tried to pick up the pace then it would twinge. I needed something slippery. Without really thinking, I reached for Rose's shampoo bottle and squirted a good helping of the see-through liquid into my palm. Oh God, that smell. Her scent. My palm mushed into my tip and I instinctively reeled back from the cold. Now knowing what was to be expected, I did it again, much slower, polishing my tip with it. The liquid drooled down the underside of my length and I relished every second of those tantalizing droplets making their way to my base. Cool, ticklish, and oh how the flowers pervaded my senses.

Again, I began to stroke. The lubricant worked wonders as my palm and fingers tended to its girth generously, pumping it at my own measured pace. No rush. Giving a heady sigh, eyelids fluttering from the sensation, I was drowned in the squishy pops and smacks whenever the crevices of my digits would graze the tip's ridges. The cold turned to heat rather quickly. I will admit that, although it didn't quite compare to the real thing, doing it alone had its own fair share or perks. I was in absolute control, of how it was done and how much pleasure I wanted. Rose was extremely good when it came to that, a little too good sometimes. Especially recently, now that she's been exploring my other place. When it came down to it, I was totally helpless to its sensitivity, and I had no clue why. She said that it might have something to do with my gift, but who knows?

Speaking of which...

Lost in the lewd stroking, I brought a hand to my lips and captured the two longest fingers the way she did. Sucking her flavor from them, I lapped at their pads to make them damp. Once they were wrapped up in a warm sheen of my saliva, I relinquished them with a small pop. I bit my lip with anticipation and briefly prolonged my wait by granting each breast a quick massage, pinching the nubs softly between my wet fingers. Doing this by myself, I found that it possessed a different kind of perversion than experiencing it with Rose. It was literally a guilty pleasure. I felt like I was stealing something from her, or that I was cheating on her in a very weird way. Again, I guess it was just my mind wondering. Shifting with need and aching with eagerness, I sighed deeply as my hand dipped below my cock. An agonizingly slow curving of my digits parted the petals and caressed my pink, spreading my spit like dew to make it glisten. Just that teasing rub was enough to hitch my breathing. 

In my mind, she was doing it all. She was kneeling between my thighs, swallowing my lust while she carefully played with my flower. That thought alone caused a surge of tingles down my spine and I unknowingly beat to a faster tempo, squeezing my cock in a similar way that Rose did. With eyes closed, hers would open and glance up at me, pressing herself forward until my tip was teased by the back of her throat and her palm ran vigorous circles into my soft slit...and oh...oh...Rose...my Rose... Straightening my legs, I cringed against the tiles as I neared my orgasm. I arched back, my vision shooting to the ceiling and then gradually fading to black as my eyes rolled through the intensity. Chest heating up, lips parted to suck the much needed air into my lungs, my unused muscles tensing out of habit, I was so close. So close.

The image of her down on her knees was dissipating, being replaced by something else. My mind wandered to seek new material, and it didn't have to search for long.

"I love you, Eve".

Her smile.

I curled forward and cried out in pleasure. The tingling in my flower was washed by a sea of juices, coating my palm in its scent. Every convulsion caused me to gasp for air, pushing me dangerously close to the next arising threat. It took all of my willpower to stand, grab the beaker and spin on my heels, all on weak legs as I continued to shiver through my orgasm. With another spasm, I fell forward, placing my hand against the wall over the tub. By luck or skill I was able to get the beaker's rim in front of my tip right before the first rope spurted and sloshed inside. Then came another. My eyes clenched shut. The third audibly crashed into the filling glass. I clawed at the wall's tiles. Another pulsed up my length, causing the thick cream to overflow and drip into the bath tub. Breathing heavily, I started to come down from my high. One last helping simply poured around the full beaker, making my hand sticky and hot with its essence. I smiled through parted, gasping lips.

XXX=

They say you should try everything at least once.

After closing the container and rinsing its sides under the tap, I inspected it under the light. Is this what I put Rose through every time? There was so much. Are guys the same as me? God, I would feel bad for women if that was the case. I sighed and slid on my hoodie, once again. We would be leaving soon so I didn't want to keep Rose waiting when she did show up. But...I was alone in her apartment for the time being, and the same urge was tugging on me like all those other times. No, I shouldn't. I should be able to trust her, right? Setting the beaker down on the sink, I stared at my reflection, tapping my finger on the counter. If I had to check again...would that make me a bad person? But if I didn't, and something did happen, wouldn't that make me even more of a bad person? I wish I didn't have to make this decision every time.

Finally coming to my answer, I shoved myself away from the sink and headed for her bedroom. I always got home earlier than her so that's when I would check to make sure that it was still there. Kneeling beside her bed, I leaned all the way down to see if the bag was still there. Just like every other time I checked, the bag was untouched and sitting obliquely near the center. Obviously I've been curious about the gun, so over the week I've learnt a few things about it. Google is truly amazing. The gun's model was a 9mm Beretta, which was somewhat expensive for a handgun. I'd also ejected the mag to see how much ammo was left. There was supposed to be 16 including the one in the chamber, but there were only 13, matching the 3 bullet casings in her bag. So, whoever shot the gun didn't want to leave behind any evidence.

It was still there, so that's all that mattered. I straightened out with a drawn out yawn. The night before was quite interesting. She took me out to dinner to kinda get our vigor up for today, and we stayed pretty late since we can talk more. That notebook has allowed me to be a lot more social, so I spoke to her about some stuff, nothing serious, though. As much as I've wanted to talk to her about the bag, I just can't bring myself to it. Maybe I was scared of hearing something that I didn't want to know. I did learn, however, that she was quite the food critique. It was so cute when I asked about how her food was and she started discussing, in detail, how it was all made and why they used those spices in particular and when you should start cooking the steak and where they got the wine...
