 Characters:

Monty Brooke – Mike's best friend. Father of Donnie and husband of Linda. He is famous for cheating on his wife.

Linda Brooke – A quiet woman who is sick of her husband cheating. 

Donnie Brooke – Monty's youngest son. He is a lot like his father and his wife Jordan is sick of him leaving her out and has been considering leaving him.

Jordan Kisich Brooke – Mother of two, the heroine and villain of the piece. She believes that she is a little Arabic because of her middle name.

Timmy Brooke – Jordan and Donnie's teenage son.

Katie Brooke - Jordan and Donnie's young daughter.

Mike Lewinsky – A man who is in love with his wife but feels disillusioned. He decides to go on vacation because he is sick of watching television where people assume he is related to Monica Lewinsky. He is not of course.

Febe Lewinsky – Mike's wife, a quiet caring woman who is stubborn in her ways.

Nick Lewinsky – The son of Mike and Febe, their only son. He is almost a man and his loyalties to his father run deep.

Bessie Ward – A wealthy woman who has been hot for Mike for years and finally suddenly becomes his mistress.

* * * * *

Part One

It began with a sudden realization of Monty's white turning on his compact disk player. Mike was standing in the room looking out the window thinking, watching an attractive black woman walk down the street, turning the corner and disappearing. She had been very pregnant from the looks of it, as still very attractive. He wished that Febe would want to have more kids. They had only Nick, and Nick was a fine son but Mike had always dreamt of having more children. The black woman seemed a world away, and a race away.

"I got this cd player for fifty bucks up at the store. Surround sound, what do you think of that Mr. Lewinsky?" Monty said to Mike. But Mike did not answer, he was too busy watching the woman disappear, her fine ass moving off into the distance. "Looks like one of the kids left a cd in here."

The cd began playing. Monty had left the room, thinking that it was Randy Travis, but it was actually Lil Kim.

"To all my motherfuckin' gettin' money hoes, used to clothes… love a hard bitch

One that get up in a nigga's ass quicker than an enema

Make a cat bleed then sprinkle it with vinegar"

It wasn't that he wasn't happy with where his current situation, he was married and very content being a man with his wife. It was nice to get away from her a little bit though. Distance makes the heart fonder. He walked into the hallway of the old trailer made in the late 70s, the long thick green carpeting flat from the years of being trampled. So this was where Monty and Linda Brooke had decided to live, found a place alone to spend the middle part of their days away in a trailer park that allowed absolutely no children. He couldn't help but laugh at the idea as he realized that most of their stories were of things that had happened when the entire gang was much younger. Now, as Monty had noted to him once before, his children were now having children. 

The cd continued, "…Make him call his wife and say he never coming home…"

Mike looked up at the picture in the home of his lifelong friend Monty, and Monty's wife Linda. The long serious look on his face, his son in the other room talking to Linda. The years slipped by him, and slowly he began to deposit each and every idea in his mind.

Cd: "What? I'm loving this shit

Queen Bitch!"

The drive had been long, and the heat was intense, but was not to last. These were the final days of the Autumn that he had enjoyed. Fishing with his son, and going on trips with him while he had a few days away from school. It gave the two a chance for a father and son outing. 

Cd: "…I treat y'all niggas like y'all treat us

No Doubt! Ay yo, yo

Come here so I can bust in ya mouth"

Just the two of them together, the way his wife had suggested. The picture on the wall reminded him of how fortunate he was to have both an understanding wife like Febe, and friends like Monty and Linda. 

Cd: "…And if I was dude I'd tell y'all to suck my dick."

The four of them had always been close, and the picture on the wall of Monty's son and daughter in law getting married made him realize what they had all been through together.

Cd: "…All I wanna do is get my pussy sucked…"

Mike snapped to reality as a bus drove by, slowly he walked over to the cd player just in time as Monty walked into the room. "I'm turning this shit off." He winced, "I take it this isn't your music."

"Nah, like I said, the kids listen to that shit." Monty laughed shutting it off. "Damn bitch thinks she's a man or something."

"Or something." Mike laughed.

"Mike, I'm going down to Benny's store to see if he has any lights for my truck. I need to get the damn thing fixed. You comin?" Monty asked, always in a hurry with his fat belly flopping out of his pants.

"Um…." Mike looked over at his son, "Yeah why not. You coming along too?"

His son nodded and walked over with him to the door. "Ya know dad, I'm so glad that you brought me up here this weekend like I asked." Nick gently put his arms around his father and hugged him. Such a rare moment for there to be affection between the two of them. It was almost a once in a lifetime occurrence these days for them.

"You know Monty…" Mike said, putting his hand on his old friend's shoulder as they put their coats on and began to walk out of the house, "I have to tell you that he's been nagging and nagging me to come up here to see you guys. He really enjoys coming up here."

Monty nodded at him, really not paying much attention to him, he looked at his wife. "Have you seen my keys at all?"

Linda walked out and looked around on the table and the chair and finally found them shoved down behind the door in the carpeting. It was such a small house, situated in low income housing for older people who did not want to be bothered by children in a neighborhood. It gave them the opportunity to be totally free from the noises and the broken windows. But deep down, neither of them could be happy. They had tried to build a security wall around themselves in hopes that their family would hold together.

"I mean it Monty. This boy, the only thing he can talk about is coming to Seattle to see you guys." Mike said, trying to get his friend's attention, and feeling somewhat brushed off by his friend. Nevertheless, Mike felt that it was up to him to talk and ramble or whatever the case may be in his friend's eyes.

Monty opened the door for them, Linda having thrown him the keys to their blazer. "Good. We're happy to have you two around here." He said with a warm smile, then messing up the kid's hair for a laugh. "And maybe this boy will get some action."

"He's pretty smart, not out sleeping with every girl he sees." Mike added, trying to defend his son, who was feeling uncomfortable being looked upon so negatively by the obviously dirty old man that Monty was.

"Well you a virgin boy?" Monty said with a passing glance.

"Uh…" the poor boy stuttered, "Ye..yes.. I am." The teenage boy looked up at the pictures on the wall of Monty and Linda's grandchildren. His eyes skipped across them until it found the picture of their granddaughter Katie in the arms of her mother. A weary sigh escaped him in his shame.

"Never been with a girl… eat pussy or anything like that?" Monty continued, which Mike didn't mind because he knew that Monty was playing around. Monty had always been that way, and it was a crude way of being close with the boy.

"No.." he said lowering his head, "I've never been with a girl. Or even seen what one looks like naked."

"Well that's alright boy. Good enough. You can sit in the middle seat and we'll try and spot something for you to bring home and have some fun with." Monty began to laugh, "If you're anything like you're old man, when you stick that in a girl and let it explode and hear her groan like an animal, you'll know then and there what it's all about. Never want to do anything for the rest of your life. That's what I did." 

Linda looked back at them as they left the house shaking her head, it was a guy thing she supposed. Something that she had never understood about men. She was glad that Mike and Nick would only be around for three days, the weekend. They were lucky if they saw the two twice in an entire year, and with Winter on it's way, they would most likely not see them for another year. She really didn't like the stress of company anymore, and was glad that her son Donnie was having a party the following day.

Linda waited until the guys left, and then picked up the phone, slowly dialing the number for her son's house. She had gotten extremely close to her son over the past few years, embracing the life that he had built for himself. Donnie had become a successful craftsman who was akin at fixing anything mechanical, even putting extremely large amounts of money into useless pieces of equipment just to see how they worked. 

Linda listened as her ten year old grandson answered the phone, "Yes Josh, this is Grandmum, is your mother there at the moment? I'd like to speak with her please."

"Yeah I'll get her grandmum. Is Pappa coming over at all today?" Josh said, off track as ten year old are known to be.

Linda rolled her eyes, she was glad that he hadn't seen it. She loved her grandchildren dearly, and their mother over the past few years had been one of the best at raising her children into fine ladies and gentleman. There were two of them, a boy and a younger girl who had just started first grade. "No, sweetie, I believe he said that he was going to be over tomorrow though for the party."

"Ok Grandma thanks!" the boy answered…. The short silence, and then his mother was on the other end.

"Jordan? Do you have a minute?" Linda asked politely to her daughter-in-law.

Jordan had the phone up to her ear while stirring a pot of macaroni and cheese on the stove for her daughter who was sitting at the table complaining that she was hungry. "Yeah but make it quick ok? I'm getting Kayla some dinner and then when Donnie comes home we're gonna get ready for the party tomorrow."

"Ok I'll be quick then," Linda sighed, "You know it's kind of cramped here, and since you have such a large house, I was wondering if you could do me a favor?"

"Sure anything. Hmm let me guess." Jordan replied, her long hair and ridged features of her native ancestry, holding within her a secret yearning to see Mike again. She knew that he would be in.

"Ok, well, Mike and his son are in for the weekend and I really don't have anywhere for them to stay. I was wondering if we could arrange it that after the party tomorrow that they could spend the rest of the weekend over there. It would only be like one night or something like that. You have a lot more room than we do over here you know. And since we'll be over for the party…"

Jordan turned off the macaroni and cheese on the table and spooned it into a bowl for her daughter, "Now you be careful cause this is hot." And slowly replied to Linda, not meaning to be so busy, "Well, ok. I like having them over. Old Mike is always fun to have around, and his son has never given any of us problems. I'd be glad to have them over. He can have my bed." She chuckled to herself, "We haven't been doing all that much with my yeast infection anyhow. What a pain!" she exclaimed.

"Another one? You should get to the doctor and see if there isn't something wrong with you." Linda spoke with concern, "You just want to be able to say that you've had Mike in your bed though. I know how you are."

"He can have my bed and your son too! He loves his nookie… the doctor I did see told him, 'She needs time to heal down there. Give her some time.' But he won't listen. Mike can have it, but I don't mind having them over. He has a check for me… owes me the three hundred for the ceramics that I sent to Febe and him."

Linda smiled to herself, "Ok good. Monty and I talked it over and we'll bring them over tomorrow. I'll see you there then."

"Ok… be sure to bring some extra hot dog buns ok?" Jordan added.

That night, Nick sat in the top bunk of the trailer of Monty and Linda's house, looking down at the open window. It was about three in the morning, and the only thing that he could keep in his mind was that he was finally there, in Seattle. He adored going up there and seeing Monty and Linda and Donnie and Jordan, they were all like family to him. Especially Monty, although he had his moments of getting on the young man's nerves, he was like an uncle that he had not seen in a long time. 

The moon echoed her sparkling glow through the open window, down on the bare flesh of his arm, and he knew that somehow it was the same moon that was shining down on the lake that he loved so much. The memories that he held as a child when his mother and father would take him all around the city. He remembered going swimming in the lake with them, and with Jordan and Donnie. 

Donnie and Jordan, the two crazy assed young blood of Seattle. They were both in their early thirties. Those two were always fun to be around. Now they had bought their own house, just east, out in the country and walking distance to the lake. It was exciting to think that he was going to, from what he'd heard, spend the next few days out there walking all around the property. Totally amazing to him. His young body ached for action the next day, walking around the party. There were supposedly fifty guests to show up, and people that he had never met.

"God," he said in a whisper, "I'm so glad that you've brought me here to see all of this beautiful land. Driving here was so neat. I hope that I get to have fun tomorrow at Donnie and Jordan's and that I will get to spend more time with them. Especially Jordan, I like how she always says what she feels and means what she says. She's so cool. Amen."

He covered his eyes with his hand for awhile, blocking the moonlight, realizing that it was keeping him awake. But still, he looked down at the bottom bunk as his father moved in his sleep, he knew that his thoughts were racing like a freight train. He couldn't and wouldn't be able to sleep at all, and was used to the feeling that he got on trips. 

The next morning, Mike and his son woke up late. It was well after noon by the time that they had all of their clothes changed and met Monty at the truck for their ride to the party. It was still rather early, a full three hours until the party. It was going to be one of those all afternoon parties where the guys would sit around and break in a keg of Iron City Beer.

"We're gonna stop by the distributor and pick up a case of beer in case the party goes bust ya know. They never plan ahead these things." Monty said with a sigh, "I keep telling my fricken son that you need to figure out how many people are coming."

"He said around fifty." Mike chimed in.

"Fifty, he always says fifty. And then he ends up inviting everybody and their brother and you have a hundred or so. And then I hear, 'Hey pop wanna go get me some booze?" Monty laughed, grinding down on the clutch.

"Yeah that's when nobody shows up though." Mike smiled. "Don't let me forget to give her my check."

"Ok. Yeah you know it."

Monty was a wild driver, always going twenty miles over the speed limit, just for the hell of it. Always with the lead foot, and it made Mike extremely nervous. It was one thing that he'd never understood about Monty and his family, when they wanted something done they wanted it done immediately. The great outlaws who defied every man made law on the planet. 

"Ya know," Monty said with a smile, "This party is gonna be great. Maybe we'll piss Jordan off like we did the last time."

"What'd you do now?" Mike chuckled, looking in his wallet for money to pay for half of the beer.

"Well….. well…. Ok you got me." Monty stated to laugh hysterically, almost driving completely off the road towards a little girl on a bike who gave them the finger.

"Monty watch the road!"

"I am Mike," Monty continued, "So anyway what was I saying?"

"Um… something about your son's party that he had and pissing his wife off."

"Oh..yeah ok." Monty said, paying more attention to the road this time. "We got hammered. And Jordan can't drink booze, so we were out of it and she was sober. So we went…." He paused as he passed a slower driver, "He um… anyhow she was there wearing a T shirt and a bathing suit underneath that. And we got riled up and tried to get her to do a little strip for us. Had a bet what her breast size was. Donnie got in on it too and she flipped. Wouldn't talk to me for a whole.. fu.. frickin week!" He was starting to become annoyed by Mike, questioning his driving ability.

By then, it was time to get the booze, and Monty's mind was too absorbed in the idea of the beer more so than his broken stories. None of his stories ever made sense, and they were never finished. He'd spend the entire time driving to a place and wait until the last two minutes of the drive to begin a deep conversation because he knew that there was nobody who would ever end the conversation in anything but his favor.

Not long after, they arrived at Donnie and Jordan's. Donnie having already had at least four beers. They would not make it much further than the garage. They already had the chairs and the tables set up out there under the spotlight where they could all be alone and get drunk, pass out under the gleaming light. Mike and his son left Monty and Donnie alone to discuss a few things about mechanics out in the garage with Jordan's father. 

Nick was always careful to take a look at his surroundings. It was a long walk to the house from the garage. They had a beautiful garden, now in ruin from the frosts, and he wondered what it had looked like in the Summer. They always had beautiful tomatoes and peppers and corn ripe for the picking, most of it falling off on the vine. Jordan had her art studio out in the garage as well, a small sectioned off area with all of her paints and paintings, something that he would have to be sure to ask her about when there was more time. She was always interested in spending time with him discussing strange occurrences, having grown up on a farm she was far from innocent. He remembered her once telling him that she was proud of him for being such a good boy and being so level headed. "When I was your age, I was screwing boys in the barn and drinking beer like you can't imagine" But of course that concealed how she had talked and acted around him when she was alone. She had a side of herself that was crazy.


It was shortly before the party, Mike and his son sat it the kitchen of Donnie and Jordan's house, relaxed and enjoying the shelter from the mid November day. The heater fired up in the cellar, and the vents turned their hot air with the loud clutter from the old machine. 

Jordan stood in the doorway, sweat beading on her forehead, just coming from the garage. She had the look of frustration, which was clearly visible with all of the new people in her house. "So are you guys leaving tomorrow or the day after?"

Mike looked up at her, he noticed that she gave him that look, it was the look with a twist of her hips. She had the innocent schoolgirl face that looked as if it would disappear at any moment, "Not sure yet. I was thinking about tomorrow morning or maybe the next day depending on what Donnie says he's doing." 

"Well it might be a little bit of a day tomorrow, we might need you around. There is something wrong with my dad's truck, he took it down to his place to have a look at it and did all kinds or work on it. Monty wouldn't even let his father in her to touch his tools or anything." Jordan said, moving into the kitchen where Mike and his son were sitting quietly.

Mike laughed at what she said, looking though his wallet to see how much money he had on him.
