 Characters: 

Monty Brooke – Mike's best friend. Father of Donnie and husband of Linda. He is famous for cheating on his wife. 

Linda Brooke – A quiet woman who is sick of her husband cheating. 

Donnie Brooke – Monty's youngest son. He is a lot like his father and his wife Jordan is sick of him leaving her out and has been considering leaving him. 

Jordan Kisich Brooke – Mother of two, the heroine and villain of the piece. She believes that she is a little Arabic because of her middle name. 

Timmy Brooke – Jordan and Donnie's teenage son. 

Katie Brooke - Jordan and Donnie's young daughter. 

Mike Lewinsky – A man who is in love with his wife but feels disillusioned. He decides to go on vacation because he is sick of watching television where people assume he is related to Monica Lewinsky. He is not of course. 

Febe Lewinsky – Mike's wife, a quiet caring woman who is stubborn in her ways. 

Nick Lewinsky – The son of Mike and Febe, their only son. He is almost a man and his loyalties to his father run deep. 

Bessie Ward – A wealthy woman who has been hot for Mike for years and finally suddenly becomes his mistress. 

* * * * * 

Part Two

The night went out like a lion but the morning came in like a lamb, as all mornings before have come and gone, and Jordan awoke to the smell of coffee and hot toast in the air. She looked down over her body and beside her, getting her bearings and hoping to find her lover next to her in bed. But Monty was not there, and had left her there alone to her own devices of finding her way out of bed. She carefully removed the covers to show her mammary fluids leaking from her breasts and her huge belly, pale from lack of sunlight, bulging out like a mountain. Her eyes were still cloudy from her sleep and so she felt down below to her vagina blindly. It seemed so unimportant when looking at her, the belly and breasts hanging out, and would seem strange to anybody that the tiny opening below them had been the cause of it all. Her thin finger ran its way through her pubic hair and around the lips, gathering moistness and juices that were drying from the night before. She brought it up to her nose and winced at the odor of both his and her expenditures.

She slowly got out of bed, putting on a pair of panties that she had worn the day before. She had no need for a bra, but still picked it up and was putting it on as she walked into the other room to see who was awake. As she entered, Nick was sitting on one of the chairs reading a magazine, to which he took special notice of her as she came into the room. Monty was sitting at the table wolfing down a plentiful share of toast and coffee, and scarcely took notice of her as she sat down by him.

"Is that coffee?" she yawned, rubbing her eyes.

Monty finally took notice of her, if only for a brief moment, taking more concern to the fact that he would soon have to use the toilet. He had little control over his body, or wanted to, as he farted loudly without excusing himself.

"You sick hog!" she exclaimed, moving her chair away from him. "Can't you go in the other room and do that?"

He laughed as she started to cover her nose with her hand, thinking back to the night before when he had taken total control of her. He couldn't get the picture out of his mind of her taking the used condom and sucking the juice out of it, a bonafide hog in his eyes. He leaned over to try and get a kiss from her.

"I'm not kissing you!" she protested, pushing herself further from Monty. Then she looked at Nick, "Did you say there is coffee?"

"Yeah there is some, it might be a little cold." Nick chimed in, looked over at her with a smile. He secretly knew what happened the night before, and was trying to hide his growing hatred for Monty. On one hand, it was Monty who had gotten a woman that he had loved pregnant, and he was forced to watch them perform sexual acts on one another. On another hand still, his father's best interests were brought to question due to the fact that she was forced to be treated like a common whore.

Monty put his arm around her shoulder and pulled her closer to him, leaning forward and kissing her hair. She had obviously become quite a refined woman when she wanted to be. He couldn't help his actions, or so it often seemed, and deep in his heart he felt that she would ultimately end up with him. He knew that Mike and Febe had given no sign of complaints in their sex life, and Mike had seemingly become well adjusted to life as a man. Monty leaned down and kissed her neck, she looked so good to him wearing so little, and then he whispered in her ear as she turned to him," I'm sorry. Come on. Don't be so crusty."

She uncovered her nose and gave him the silent treatment, happily taking a cup of coffee that Nick had gotten for her. She couldn't help but feel indifferent to him, although still very much so in love with him. The night before had been so tiring to her, and so she gave in just for the sake of humoring him. She really couldn't get over his horrible smell, and the thought of their bodies being so entwined at the moment almost made her gag. "You always have to do things like that. Even when I was a man it used to bother me." She gently pushed his arm away, "You and your friends would bring a school girl up here and do her in the back room and screw her brains out and then try and gross her out later on."

Monty rolled his eyes and tried to get closer to her," Well that was in the old days. I don't do that shit anymore. The Infamous Monty Brooke is over fifty and I can't find that young stuff anymore. When I want a woman, I want a real woman. One who knows what a woman likes and what a man needs."

She nodded her head, "Well you better damn sure live up to that. I remember Jordan telling me once that if Donnie ever cheated on her that she'd drop him like a piece of dog shit. Marriage is a sacred thing and it's based on love. I love my wife, and I love you. I want to be with both of you, but I'll say what she said, if you ever go with another woman…" she smiled, "I'll show you what a motivated woman can do."

Nick put the magazine down and looked over at them, he took a deep breath and knew that what he had to say would not be appreciated by Monty, "And that also goes for me. I won't stand for you hurting my dad."

Monty laughed at that comment, "I don't think you have to worry. She's carrying my children in her womb. You have no clue how many times I'd go over to see her son and she'd bend over and show her little ass in front of me. She used to like to taunt me. Now I finally got my best friend and her in one package, and it is one sweet spot to be. I'm not going back to that old hag that I'm married to. As soon as I get my divorce, and she gets her divorce, I'm going to marry her and show her what a real man is."

Jordan's heart melted as she looked back at him, "Oh honey that is so sweet! You'd do that for me? Support me?" Then she planted a wet kiss on his lips.

"I'll believe that when I see it." Nick laughed, much to Monty's anger.

"What do you know?" Monty growled under his breath. It was evident in Monty's face that he was quietly taking control of Jordan. This was a Jordan that Nick remembered a few months before, long before Monty had ever stood behind her, that made a decision based on her family and not on a man's loyalty. And to Monty, to have control of all of this meant that he had control over his wife and son for the first time in years. To Monty it was stupid for Nick to even be around, and the pursuit of Febe would only prove the point that Jordan could not exist without him. But though he enjoyed the sex and sometimes felt a strong commitment to her, he did not love her.

Jordan smiled at Monty, taking his strong hand in her delicate thin hands. "I'm proud of my babies. I know you'll be a good father. You just need to settle down a bit." Then she turned towards Nick, still holding herself close to Monty, "Nick, we've discussed this before. I know that you love me, but if you really care about me, please just let Monty have some fun. None of it really hurt me… a girl wants to feel loved and to know that a man will stand behind her. I don't want either of you two to fight about this please."

Monty stood up and flashed Nick a smiled that Jordan didn't see. His turn for manipulating the woman was almost now complete, and he seemed oddly secure in his beliefs that he would eventually own Jordan. A view of owning the woman maybe even before they even reached Febe and Mike. "I agree." Monty added, "You know it is about time that you end your jealousy over me. I love this woman. When she asked if you could come up here, I was all for it, and I paid for your trip here. Nick, I want to look at you like.. well a son." He stood up and began to walk over to Nick, still holding Jordan's hand. She followed just to keep the peace.

"When we're married." She whispered to Monty, trying to remind him, "And if Donnie will give me a divorce."

"I know you love those children. They are the reason why you stayed with Donnie. Think about them." Nick added in a somewhat desperate manner.

Monty walked over and pointed his finger in the boy's face, considering him young and stupid, "And we will be married. I won't let this boy stand in the way of me being a father to these children. This boy of yours knows nothing about what it means to be a father. She knows that as long as I have her hand, she can be a mother and be there for her children. And she knows that I will stand behind her in her quest to get her real body back. Either way, I'm for these babies that we made. You've never even been with a woman."

"Never raped one you mean." Nick fired back.

Monty smiled at him and began to mock a woman in orgasm, "ohhhh.. please fuck me… oh… yes…yes..yes!"

Nick stood up right in Monty's face about ready to hit him, "Bastard!"

"Hit me, little man. Take your best shot. You've got a real attitude problem and if you don't stop I will leave you cold here and you'll be the one to wake up alone."

Jordan cuddled Monty's arm, "No baby no…. don't. please."

"I'm more of a man than you'll ever be." Nick winced, knowing that one hit from Monty would most likely destroy him and his chances at his father's return to manhood.

Monty reached down and forcefully put his hand on the boy's shoulder, much to the mixed reactions of Jordan. She looked over at Monty and felt like second guessing him. "Baby don't." she protested, "Now I've stood by you even though you're a hog. I still love you and if I came to stand here by you…" But he cut her off by giving her a passionate kiss and pulling her closer to his side.

"Look." Monty said to him, "I want to make something clear. When it comes to being a man, I don't even feel the need to mention you. The way that I see it, you weren't much of a man from day one. When my baby here was dealing with the fact that she was a woman… a woman with sexual needs and family ties… you turned your back on her. You left, and she stayed with children that were not even her own. I don't see you as being much of a man."

"Well I didn't.." Nick protested.

"Yeah you didn't." Monty grinned, grabbing the boy by the collar of his shirt, "You were a pussy. You never would have taken care of her. Obviously, her and I have a great sex life. You've never even seen a pussy without a mirror."

Jordan reached over to try and hold back Monty from beating on her son, who had obviously not done anything wrong other than standing beside her. Monty was an asshole at times, but legitimately the only person who cared about her unborn children. "No don't hurt him!"

Monty stepped back from his aggressive stance. He was really angry at Nick for even being around to cloud up the situation that could have been a few good nights and mornings of sex with Jordan. It seemed to him that when she had confessed to him, about being a man changed into a woman, that it was a confession of her love. He really didn't feel that anybody else had the right to her affections, and that the entire situation would work out for him because it was his providence. He definitely wanted to use her and manipulate her, but in a certain twisted way he did love her. "He's got to learn." He sighed, restrained by the mere touch of her hand on his shoulder.

She sighed to herself, pleading "But he will learn in time. He is my boy and I want him in my life. It's not going to be easy, but I would pick him over you. He was there for me, don't second guess. Just give him time, both of you… give each other time." She really did love Monty with all of her heart and soul, and when they made love it was personal to her, but this was starting to go beyond her. She knew that all of the things that he did wrong were not done in malice towards her, unfortunately it often takes a woman's touch to harbor the male ego into submission.

Nick hung his head, feeling somewhat guilty for being tricked into an argument so easily by Monty. He knew that he should have stopped it long ago, and then perhaps the situation would be different. His life had been turned upside down by his father not being his father, not being able to share it with his mother, and to secretly wish that the two could somehow get back together. He was not fond of lesbianism, but the thought of his father having babies with Monty repulsed him.

"Well, regardless we need to get going today and get down to see your wife and deal with everything. I'm sick of making excuses to my own wife as to why we're late. I'm going to go to the bathroom and take a shower. Get ready to go by the time I'm done." Monty said, pulling himself away from them both and walking to the bathroom door. Then he turned back to Jordan, "I want you to talk to your son about keeping his mouth shut. I don't want him to ruin this for us."

She moved close to Nick as Monty moved out of her sight, "Don't worry I will. All will be fine baby."

When the water turned on, and they were sure that Monty could not hear them, Jordan took her son's hand and guided him to the doorway overlooking the forest. They walked out on the porch, her in only her underwear and he dressed, the sun glistening off of her perfectly pregnant body. Every inch of her screamed motherhood, but her mind was that of a father.

"It's always about my virginity." Nick sighed to her as she wrapped her arms around him. "Is it really that important?"

She held his hand to her belly, "He took my virginity. He knows how to make a girl moan. I know… I'm gonna have these and … oh shit."

"What's wrong?" he asked, pulling her closer to him.

"One of the babies kicked… I haven't been much of a father." She admitted to him, almost in tears, "I could have done better than used this pretty face of mine to make babies. I am the one who should have.." She started to break down.

"No.." he cooed to her, putting his hand on her face and admiring her gorgeous face. "You've done well for what you've been given. I just don't like him, and never have."

"But I wasn't much of a father to you. I don't like him much either, but he is one hell of a lover. He's good to Donnie and his other kids… he'll be good to these babies. They need a father." She shrugged, "I just don't know how to feel. I'm such an impulsive woman, just like she was. At first it was so nice to be appreciated by men. A girl just has to show a little tits and ass and she's set… then what you said yesterday."

He leaned forward and smiled at her, those long deep eyes were still beautiful early in the morning, "It doesn't matter how good of a father you were, or how good of a father he says he will be to your children. They will need a mother, but most of all.." he took her hand and held it tightly, clasping his fingers in hers, "…you must be mentally able to deal with it yourself. You are a strong woman, like in that book that Jordan was reading, she never got the idea of it or what it meant."

She brought his hand up to her face and kissed it, "I forget what that book was called. It's a pain to have her brain, it really is. I used to be able to read novels and think fairly clearly, but I tried a few months ago to sit down and read one and I couldn't make heads or tails of it. Really confused the hell out of me. You'll have to explain it to me, it's like I'm only good with talking…" she winced, "that fucking bitch had to be so dumb."

"Well I figured, and if it's permanent, I want you to know that you need only ask and I'll help." He took his other free hand, looking around out of instinct to see that nobody was around, and placed it on her face lovingly, "I love you. Oh don't worry dad… er… that feels weird."

"It's ok. I'm a woman now. So tell me about the book." She smiled, feeling some stability and attraction to his intellect. Even when her body had been changed, the very first day, she held her faith in her son's ability to deal with complex situations even though he seldom had complete answers. He was always at least somewhat dedicated to her.

He looked down at her hands, the long fingernails peach on the inside and white on the ends, the remnants of polished nails from days before. Those nails were so different from his own, and he couldn't keep the image of what she had done the night before out of his mind, "It is an awesome book about Emma, and she takes things for granted, always thinks that people will act the way she thinks they will. She has a friend Harriet that she tries to make into a 'noble woman' and she doesn't. But she goes through the whole book letting her emotions get the best of her until she finds out she was overlooking love the whole time."

She bit her lip, as she always had when excited, her eyes lightening up with a smile. "So you're saying that this book means I'm not a failure and that things might work out for me? That she is um… like me and lets guys control her and stuff?"

"In a way, it's just a great book. I really wish that you would read it, give it your best try. You're not a failure at anything, just pick yourself up. I said what I said in there for good reason because he's not treating your right." He added.

She shook her head as if he didn't understand her, looking down at her big belly and feeling the soreness of her nipples on her hardening breasts. "It's not like that really. I'm not smart enough to do this on my own… don't have much choice." Then she sighed, "I know it doesn't sound like me."

"It sounds to me that you feel like you're trapped in this relationship the same way that most girls do. Mom will stand behind you, even if she doesn't have sex with you. Sex isn't everything. What matters most is our family, and there is no need to break up our family." He laughed, and then continued before she could say anything. "OUR family, even in your womb, nothing belongs to him."

She smiled salaciously, "Sex.. it feels so.." she sat up and leaned towards him, "…amazing as a woman! I wish.. I know. I PROMISE you that you won't be a virgin after I have these babies. I'll let you feel some of the good stuff."

"The good stuff," he grimaced, "Is really just a lie. I… I was awake last night and I heard what he said… calling you his whore and slut and all those names. I don't care how good it is, something is making you degrade yourself and I don't like it. In fact, I love you no matter what and I don't care what happens, I won't let you be a wet puss and stuff…" He felt like breaking down at the look of shame in her eyes. It was always shame, even the day before, the internal fight that she held within her between lust and devotion to her son and wife. She only hoped that devotion would win out.

In Jordan's mind, her love for her son, and her devotion to her wife existed within a dream. A dream that she alone interpreted to herself late at night when she was alone, or holding the kids before they went to bed. It was some remnant from the cosmic attack on her self identity, whatever power it was human or inhuman, that allowed her the gratitude to remember what she had shared with another woman. She had deep passions for being with Febe, tasting her vagina and proving to herself that she could exist without a man, and once again being the man in the relationship. Monty coming along was a solution, since she did love the feeling of a penis within her, afterall being a woman. She gave in to impulse quite too often but there was no amount of semen or cock in the world, even in her fits of total selfless regard to please Monty, that could erase the true love that she felt for her son and wife. She looked at Nick with long sad eyes, still feeling like a failure and given the insight that he had no intention of letting her know this, he had been building her up.
