 King Thomas gave a drunken roar of laughter and beer spurted from his mouth as one of his many courtiers's told a particularly ribald joke. Old King Thomas had ruled the Kingdom for over twenty five years, since his surprising ascent to the throne following his father's death at a rather young age.

The feasting and drinking were in full swing in the royal meeting chamber, something of a regular occurrence in the many long years of Thomas's rule. To the King's left sat Queen Brianna, rolling her eyes in disgust at her husband's bawdy behaviour. The Queen was dressed in an emerald green gown that looked absolutely stunning. Her flawless features and long blonde hair, not to mention her enticingly curved figure and generous cleavage had given her the reputation as one of the most beautiful women in the kingdom. She was in her mid-thirties but still outshone almost every other lady of the court.

In her youth Brianna had been known as the Flower of Rhoyne, the most precious asset of her father, Duke Khalan's, dukedom. She was said to be the mostly beautiful women in the world. Brianna's hand had been gifted to King Thomas in exchange for an alliance between the Kingdom and Khalan's much smaller, independent dukedom. Brianna had only been eighteen at the time, but Thomas, more than a dozen years her senior, had instantly fallen in lust for dazzling, young beauty.

King Thomas had always been renowned for his veracious sexual appetite, he was even known for taking his more attractive noblewomen advisors right in the middle of holding court. Upon his marriage to the radiant Flower of Rhoyne his reputation diminished somewhat, but although King Thomas's public dalliances declined, the newly crowned Queen Brianna was not foolish enough to believe her husband monogamous. 

The party was in full swing, sitting opposite Brianna was Lord Athan, one of the more powerful and trusted members of the Kingdom's nobility. The nobleman was well into his cups, his lips stained with red wine as he grabbed one of the serving girls and was busily trying to explore the generous contents of the inside of her bodice. Even Vania, the ambassador from the nearby Amazon tribes was getting into the spirit of the feast. The six and half foot tall, statuesque blonde had grabbed a young attendant by the belt and had her hand stuffed down the front of his trousers, fondling the heavily blushing servant.

"Well gentlemen, it has been another evening of excellent conversation," announced King Thomas as he lurched unsteadily to his feet and slammed his mug of beer down on the table in front of him. He turned to his sexy wife, Brianna, and pulled her to his feet. "Enough drinking for me, it is time to indulge in some other pleasures!"

Brianna shrieked in surprise as the King threw her over his shoulder and staggered out of the room, patting her on her shapely arse as he carried her off towards their bedchamber. 

There was a slight cheer from the rowdy feasting hall as they departed.

The Queen rolled her eyes as the King carted her off to bed. The middle aged royal had an incessant sexual appetite, but fortunately for Brianna, who wasn't particular attracted to her overweight husband, these days he more often than not took his sexual pleasures elsewhere. In fact, his visits to her bed were much rarer than the early days of their marriage. However, whenever she was forced to suffer his boorish touch, Brianna tried to endure things with as much patience as she could muster, after all, it was her duty to please the king. When they were first married he had reminded her of that fact often, usually just prior to pushing her head down into his lap or sticking his cock into her ass.

King Thomas threw his beautiful wife face down on the bed and yanked the hem of her long green gown up around her waist, revealing her long slim legs and shapely posterior. He fumbled at his own pants and dropped them down around his ankles, before climbing forward and straddling her perfect round ass.

Thomas reached down and guided the tip of his already erect royal member between Brianna's parted thighs and gave a grunt of satisfaction as he pushed himself up into her cunt from behind, pinning her to the bed. The King wasn't well known for his prolonged foreplay these days; usually he jumped straight to the fucking. Of course, Brianna wasn't too worried about that, the thought of leaning under the royal beer belly and sucking on the royal cock didn't appeal to her in the slightest and she was actually quite grateful for the King's aversion to foreplay.

"Ah!" the Queen cried out as her coarse husband thrust into her, his cock surging deep inside her despite the rather awkward angle.

The King's belly shook as he started to rut against his beautiful wife, slamming his hard cock into her from behind. His breathing quickly became fast and shallow as the out of shape royal became tired.

"You go on top," he instructed his wife as he pulled out of her and lay back on the bed, breathing heavily with his cock pointing skywards, slick with their combined juices.

Brianna rolled her eyes, hardly impressed with her husband's stamina. She got up, holding her dress up around her waist and straddling her prone king. She reached down and guided his erection back into her pussy and slowly lowered herself down on him.

"That's good!" murmured King Thomas, his breathing still fast and heavy. He immediately reached up and squeezed Queen Brianna's lovely big tits through her dress, letting the large melons fill his palms. He then yanked down on the front of her dress, ripping the material as her big breasts popped free, ruining the bodice of her expensive gown.

Brianna began to ride him, bouncing on his hard cock as she closed her eyes in mock arousal and he roughly played with her ample tits. Her thoughts drifted as she imagined she was riding the hard cock of a brave and handsome young knight rather than her middle aged husband, and her hand slipped down between her firm, creamy thighs and started to stroke her clit.

She was just starting to get into things when the King suddenly gave her nipples a particularly hard pinch. Her eyes opened as she saw Thomas arch his back on the bed and his cock lurched inside her.

"Argh!" groaned Thomas, his lustful grunt actually sounded more like a gurgle. His hands dropped away from her bust, falling to his sides as his eyes rolled back in head.

Brianna rolled her hips, grinding her cunt down hard on his stiff erection in an effort to push him over the edge.

Thomas lay still, his tongue poking out slightly from between his lips, a dribble of saliva running from the corner of his motionless mouth.

Something was wrong. "Thomas?" asked Brianna aloud, stopping riding his dick.

The Queen reached out, touching her husband's mouth. She couldn't feel his breath against her hand.

"Thomas?" she repeated, a little louder and slightly anxious now.

She slapped his chest. No response.

"Thomas!" it was more an alarmed shriek now. Her husband was dead.

Queen Brianna was a deathly pale as she lifted herself up off the corpse's cock, her pussy making a slight squelching noise.

The King was dead!

Long live the Queen!?

***

Bishop Davidian tightened his grip on his assistant's hair and pushed his cock deeper into her throat, causing her to gag slightly. The pretty young priestess, Sister Cathlen, breathed through her nose as the Bishop drove his cock lustfully into her mouth, face fucking her vigorously.

The Bishop was standing in the centre of his office and his lovely assistant was on her knees at his feet. They were both still wearing their priestly robes, although the skirts of Davidian's deep crimson robe was hiked up around his waist, his skinny white legs and thrusting genitals exposed.

"That's good Sister," he moaned, the golden chains of his office jingling as he slammed his cock repeatedly between her lovely full lips and his balls slapped against her chin. It was for Cathlen's talented tongue and seemingly bottomless throat that he'd chosen her as his assistant.

Suddenly there was a loud knock at the door.

"Bishop!" called a deep voice from the other side.

Davidian paused a moment, his cock still half buried in his assistant's mouth. "What is it?" he snapped in irritation. "I told you not to disturb me."

"It's an emergency, the king is dead!" replied the voice, a note of panic evident in the speakers tone.

***

It had been a sleepless night for Queen Brianna. Even after the pandemonium and panic which followed the death of the king had somewhat quietened down, she had been unable to get back to sleep. Every time she closed her eyes she imagined the king's dead prick pushing it's way into her cunt.

The King's body had been taken by the church, and members of the Inquisition were busy investigating the cause of Thomas's demise. Brianna herself wasn't too sure how she felt about this sudden change of circumstances. She hadn't exactly been madly in love with her pig of a husband, but at the same time they'd been together for many years, and he'd always been good to her. The only things about him that she disliked were his wandering eye and his lack of attention to her pleasures in the bedroom.

Now Thomas was gone, and it seemed that for once Brianna herself was in charge. It was hard to believe, but for once she was the master of her own destiny. Her whole life she had been controlled by men. First her father, Duke Khalan, who'd treated her as an asset to be married off to gain him power, and then by her husband Thomas, who'd treated her as an object for his sexual gratification. Now she was free of such oppression.

As it happened, her father was her first visitor that morning.

Duke Khalan, ruler of Rhoyne, neighbour to Thomas's kingdom and one of the most powerful and wealthy men in the land, second only to the now deceased King Thomas in fact, was a stern and forceful man. Khalan had always ruled his daughter, much as he did his own Dukedom, with an iron fist. His word was law, and Brianna had always respected and feared her father.

"Lord Athan has left the city already," remarked Duke Khalan, his voice cold and calm. "And I would not be surprised if more of the nobles follow him."

"He's probably plotting something," remarked Brianna rather sourly. She'd never liked the old nobleman, the stare he usually gave her was creepy, like he was undressing her with his eyes.

"Of course he is," snapped her father irritably. "He clearly isn't happy about your sudden elevation to power."

Brianna swelled up a little at this. She was in charge of the kingdom now. "He'll have to get used to it!"

Her father ignored her, "We need to ensure we have allies and our hold over the throne is secure."

"You don't think Lord Athan would actually try to usurp me?" asked Brianna in surprise.

"I wouldn't put it past the old bastard," replied Duke Khalan. "Without an heir, your marriage to Thomas can be quickly forgotten. Our position is very tenuous!"

"But I am the Queen!" protested Brianna. She didn't like the way this conversation was going. The idea of threats to her position was one that hadn't even crossed her mind.

"We need allies!" growled Khalan vehemently. "You will need to remarry Brianna. And soon."

The Queen's eyes went wide at that comment. She'd put up with Thomas's boorish groping for years and now that she was free of the yoke of a husband and finally had some power of her own, she had no intention of giving it all up and having another snorting beast of a man rutting between her perfect thighs. "I will not!" she protested angrily.

Her father gave her a cold stare. "You will do as I say. The political gain from marrying you off is far too valuable to forego, just to avoid inconveniencing you. I will find you a suitable husband, one that can ensure we remain on the throne."

Brianna bit her lip and scowled angrily at the prospect, but her obedience to her father was too ingrained for her to argue the point any further.

"Baron Manfred would be a good choice," murmured the Duke thoughtfully.

Brianna sneered at that. Manfred was about fifty years old, and he was a skinny, snivelling worm as far as she was concerned. Weak and cowardly. The only thing he had going for him was huge wealth and a large force of soldiers in his home city, Firestone. 

"Of course you will need to ensure you don't make the same mistake you did with Thomas," remarked Duke Khalan.

"And what was that?" snapped Brianna. This conversation with her father seemed to be going from bad to worse.

"Make sure Manfred gets you with child. And quickly."

Brianna grimaced at even the thought getting anywhere near the frail and no doubt small cock of Baron Manfred of Firestone. "He's probably to old and fragile to even get it up," she scoffed.

A look of anger flashed across Duke Khalan's face and his hand shot out, roughly gripping Brianna's right tit through her dress. Brianna gasped, first in shock, and then pain as her father cruelly pinched and twisted her nipple through the silk of her gown.

"That's what these things are for," he growled, his voice low and dangerous. "You will marry Baron Manfred and you will make sure he gets you pregnant with an heir within the year."

Duke Khalan gave his daughter's ample breast one last squeeze before he dropped away his hand.

"I have arrangements to make," he snapped offhandedly as he headed for the door. "Make sure you put on a good show at the funeral today."

Brianna stared after her father as he left, pale and shaking in a mix of fear and anger. Perhaps being the Queen wasn't going to be quite the liberation she'd expected.

***

Unsurprisingly the King's funeral was a sombre occasion. King Thomas had ruled the Kingdom over many decades of peace and the realm had prospered throughout his rule. Even their ongoing war with the Amazon tribes had been brought to an end under the King's rule.

Nobility from all over the Kingdom was in the capital city for the funeral, and the funeral went without a hitch. Bishop Davidian presided over affairs and a number of nobles spoke about the glory of their king, as well as heaping praise upon their new ruler, Queen Brianna, who was very brave and noble in the aftermath of her husband's tragic end.

The funeral was followed by long hours of feasting and toasting that went on well into the early hours of the morning, and the following day, there were more than a couple of painful hangover's being nursed.

The investigation into King Thomas's death had been swift and shallow, with the church's Inquisition declaring Thomas had died of natural causes, his heart giving up on him as he slept.

Queen Brianna however, didn't believe a word of it. Her husband had been fit and healthy, and strong as an ox. He was not the sort of man to keel over and die just because he was sticking his prick into a beautiful woman. For some reason, she herself wasn't even certain of her own motivation; she was determined to reveal the truth.

***

Tessa, Queen Brianna's personal maid and lady in waiting was a stunningly beautiful, curvaceous redhead that frequently turned heads around the castle. However, she was currently standing naked in Bishop Davidian's office, offering herself up to the elderly religious leader.

"I was promised the Queen herself," murmured the Bishop, seated behind his desk. Despite his disappointment, he couldn't help but admire the flawless beauty of the beautiful young maid, not to mention the sinful curves of her completely nude body, right down to the excitingly flame coloured thatch of hair between her long, sleek legs.

"Queen Brianna said that she will come to you and perform her side of the deal," explained Tessa. "But right now it is too risky. She said that in the meantime you can have me. Any way you want."

Bishop Davidian raised his eyebrow at this, his complaints apparently silenced. "Anything?"

"Sure," agreed the sexy redhead with a shrug, her ample breasts jiggling enticingly at the movement causing the priest to lick his lips in appreciation.

"Come over here and sit on my knee," said Davidian, completely forgetting his lust for the seductive Queen Brianna for the time being.

The naked maid made her way around the Bishop's desk and perched her perfect bottom on his lap as he put one arm around her waist.

"I trust the Queen will not keep me waiting too long," said Davidian as he reached up and cupped one of Tessa's big tits, giving the ample breast a firm squeeze.

Tessa bit her lower lip as Davidian began to grope her perfect boobs, his fingers sinking deep in the large pillows of flesh as he squeezed and fondled. He gave her nipples a hard pinch and a twist, and then slipped his hand down across her flat stomach and ran his fingertips through her red pubic hair.

"Very nice," he noted, before leaning down and sucking one hard nipple into his mouth, his tongue sliding all over the expanse of her big breasts. As the priest nuzzled at Tessa's perfect breasts, he ran two fingers across the slit of her vagina and then slid them smoothly up inside her, causing her to gasp softly at the intrusion.

He gave her nipple a playful bite and then turned her face away from him and pulled her ass in close, so that she was sitting right over his swelling crotch. Tessa took the hint and began to grind herself back against the bishop's erection, using her gorgeous bottom to stir his cock to life.

As she humped back against him, his hands were back on her big tits, squeezing, fondling and groping the ample jugs. 

After a couple of minutes Davidian gave Tessa's boobs once last hard squeeze and then pushed her up off his lap. 

She stood leaning against the Bishop's desk with her back turned towards him as he stood up and hurriedly shrugged off his red priests robe. Beneath he was naked, his aroused cock jutting skywards, brought to life by the naked redhead in front of him.

"I think you know what I want," murmured Davidian as he reached out and cupped her left buttock in his palm. He gave her ass a squeeze.

"Of course," replied Tessa cooperatively. She leant forward over Davidian's desk and reached behind her, grabbing her buttocks and pulling them apart, opening up her ass for the Bishop's hard cock.

"Perfect," breathed Bishop Davidian as he stepped forward and guided the trembling tip of his hard cock into Tessa's perfect ass. The pretty redhead gasped as the old priest stuffed his hard prick into her bum.

Davidian grabbed Tessa's hips and pushed a little harder, wedging more of his thick cock inside her. He gave a moan of pleasure at the tightness of her ass around his hard shaft as he began to slowly rock his hips, sliding his cock in and out of the voluptuous maid.

"I can't wait until I get to bugger the Queen like this," he murmured as he started to fuck Tessa's ass with more vigour. "Holy God you're tight!" he cursed.

Tessa moaned as the horny priest pumped her ass and she pushed back to meet each of his thrusts, letting his cock sink deeper into her each time. Tessa wasn't a stranger to anal; in fact the now deceased king had even used her ass a number of times in the past.

It didn't take too long before Tessa's lithe young body writhing on his dick was too much for the dirty old priest. His body tensed and he thrust deep into Tessa's ass and let out a loud cry of unrestrained pleasure.

Bishop Davidian's hips lurched as he pumped the busty maid's ass full of cum.

"Consider yourself blessed my child," he said as he pulled his spent penis out of her tight ass.

***

Brianna was raging. Her husband had just died, under strange and mysterious circumstances, and as far as she could tell, no one seemed very interested in finding out the truth. And despite Brianna's sudden rise to power, she still felt like she had no control over her life, with her father, Duke Khalan, seeming to pull all the strings.
