 Queen Brianna was certain that there was a conspiracy afoot now. Not only had her husband, the king been murdered, but now she was sure that there was a cover-up to conceal who killed him and why. And Brianna was determined that she would get to the bottom of it!

The Queen stormed through the hallways of the castle, straight down to the barracks and into the office of the Captain of the Guard.

"Captain Ramsay, I demand some answers!" Brianna snapped as she slammed shut the door behind her.

Ramsay was a young officer in his early thirties, about the same age as the Queen herself. He was a good looking soldier who'd quick risen through the ranks to take on command of the King's personal protectors.

"Your majesty!" Ramsay gave a flourish and a low bow. "What can I do for?"

Brianna's eyes narrowed as she noticed the handsome young guard captain's gaze wander down over her voluptuous body, lingering on her ample bust and impressive cleavage. 

"I am informed that one of your soldiers died today?" said Brianna, her initial anger somewhat dampened as she remembered she still had to be a little careful about her own personal little investigation. The last thing she wanted was for word of her enquiries getting back to her father.

Captain Ramsay's line of sight flickered from her face to her bosom and back again. "Yes, that is correct your majesty."

Brianna hesitated a moment, deciding how best to play this out. Her eyes flicked coyly up and down Ramsay, he was a good looking man.

Brianna took a deep breath, the carefully practised action causing her large breasts to swell up, her cleavage threatening to pop out from the top of her bodice. The Queen gave a small smirk as she saw the Captain's eyes immediately drawn to the display.

"I need information Captain," said Brianna, her voice slightly husky. She stepped closer, reaching out and gently touching the soldier's arm. "I want a full investigation into the guard's death. An in depth investigation."

"I see," replied Ramsay, sounding a little uncertain. "My sergeant tells me that Mat died of natural causes."

Brianna gently stroked Ramsay's strong jaw line, feeling the scratch of his stubble against her soft hand. "If you get me what I want to know then I will be very grateful Captain," she breathed, moving closer still. The generous curves of her body were almost touching the Captain now.

Ramsay swallowed. "Of course your majesty," he said with a nod.

Queen Brianna leant forward, her face right next to Ramsay and the ample swell of her bosom touching his chest. "I will very, very grateful," she murmured, her soft lips gently brushing his earlobe. 

***

That evening, Queen Brianna dined alone with her consort, Baron Manfred of Firestone. The dinner conversation was sparse and boring as they had very little in common.

Admittedly, Brianna was distracted. Thoughts of her secret investigation into Thomas's murder were flying around in her head, and every time she looked up at her elderly husband, she couldn't help but shudder, her fathers strict instructions to get pregnant as quickly as possible almost making her want to flee the city.

"You know, not long after I was first married to Thomas, he jumped me during dinner," said Brianna.

"Excuse me?" exclaimed Manfred in surprise, almost choking on the chicken wing he'd been daintily nibbling on.

"He took me right on the table," she added.

"This table?" blurted Manfred, not sure how to respond to the Queen's bizarre admission.

"No," the buxom blonde replied with a frustrated sigh. "It's been replaced years ago, but my point still remains." 

"Your point?" asked Manfred witlessly.

"You do find me attractive right?" asked Brianna.

"Of course," said Manfred hurriedly. "You're beautiful. And your breasts are absolutely magnificent."

"Then fuck me!" she snapped. "Rip my clothes off and take me. Right now!"

"Oh... err... right," stammered Manfred, looking as nervous as hell. He stood up uncertainly and approached Brianna's end of the table. He was still holding his half eaten chicken wing in one hand, the grease dribbling down to his wrist.

Brianna remained sitting, wanting to give her spineless husband a chance to take control.

"Right," he coughed. "I'll... take you right now on the table." He frowned down at the piece of chicken in his hand. Manfred swallowed and then hurried dropped it on the table next to Brianna's plate.

He reached out and grabbed Brianna's right breast, giving it a squeeze. Manfred then noticed that his hand was still covered in grease from the chicken and he'd just made a mess of the Queen's gown.

"Oh, er, sorry," he apologised, immediately letting go of Brianna's big tit and wiping his hand on the back of his trousers.

"Oh come on Manfred!" exclaimed Brianna in frustration. "Bend me over the table and screw me!"

"Yes...of course," he agreed meekly. "Let the...er... fucking begin!"

Manfred awkwardly guided Brianna to her feet and started to bend her forward over the edge of the table.

"Wait, I..." Brianna protested as she saw that she was about to get pushed into a bowl of gravy.

"Shut up wench!" snapped Manfred, attempting to assert his dominance. He pushed his wife forward, her chest descending directly into the gravy, soaking the bodice of her dress.

"Shit! The food!" snapped Brianna angrily.

"Oh!" yelped Manfred in surprise, letting go of her.

"Fucking hell!" complained Brianna as she turned slightly, displaying the brown goop that had drenched the front of her dress.

"Sorry," apologised Manfred immediately.

Brianna had to bite back her anger as she realised their lovemaking was once again heading into disaster territory. "Forget it. Let's just get on with this."

Manfred reached out and scooped some gravy out of her cleavage with one finger. He brought it to his mouth and licked it clean. "Delicious!" he announced.

Brianna shook her head in dismay and turned around, pushing away the gravy bowl and bending back forward over the table, this time of her own volition. "Take me Manfred!" she cried dramatically, trying to get back into the spirit of things.

"Prepare to be mounted wench!" announced Manfred, starting to tug up the back of her dress. It seemed his idea of wearing the pants in their relationship involved calling her wench.

Manfred pulled the back of her dress right up to her hips, exposing her deliciously round and bare ass. He immediately grabbed her right buttock and gave it a squeeze.

Brianna heard some rustling and fumbling behind her, presumably it was her husband removing his trousers. Then she felt his hands of her ass once again. There were a few clumsy squeezes, followed by a finger crudely inserted into her pussy, causing her to gasp aloud in surprise. She felt something squidgy rub against her pussy and the back of her thigh.

"Hmm..." murmured Manfred.

Brianna craned her head back over her shoulder to see what the hold up was, only to see Manfred move around the side of the table to stand by her head, his soft cock held in one hand, right in front of her face.

Before Brianna could complain, the old man guided his flaccid penis towards her mouth, rubbing the slimy tip across her closed lips. "Just for a few minutes, please," begged her hopeless husband.

Brianna closed her eyes and opened her mouth, letting Manfred's limp dick slide in between her lips. She closed her mouth around his rubbery shaft and began to obligingly suck.

Manfred gave a small, happy whimper, one hand dropping onto the back of Brianna's head and holding her in place. It was a rather awkward position, lying over the edge of the table, her body pressed down and her head turned to the side, her cheek still resting on the surface of the table and held firmly in place by her husband.

"That's it wench, suck that cock!" moaned Manfred as he began to move his lips, sliding his cock back and forth between her lips, the shaft quickly swelling and hardening from her skilful suction.

It took about thirty seconds for Manfred to go from flaccid to fully erect, his cock jutting upwards against the inside of Brianna's cheek. He was not ready to leave her mouth however.

Manfred tightened his grip, pinning Brianna's head down against the table as he started to pump his skinny hips faster, thrusting his cock deeper into the beautiful blonde's mouth.

"Oh yeah!" groaned Manfred as he fucked Brianna's mouth, driving his erection deep between her lips.

After about a minute he drew out and Brianna's heart rose, was he finally going to actually fuck her pussy?

Manfred held his erection by the base and slapped the Queen's cheek with the end of his cock. He then rubbed her cheek with the tip of his penis, leaving a smear of pre-cum that glistened in the candlelight from the chandelier above them.

Manfred's gaze flicked down to the back end of his wife, where her dress was still bunched up around her waist, her bare ass sticking up in the air. He gave a small moan as his gaze returned to her face and her full, pouty lips.

"Can't help it," he whined as he tightened his grip on Brianna's head and shoved his cock back into her mouth.

Brianna gagged slightly at the unexpected re-entry, her eyes going wide. 

Manfred pulled her head across closer to the edge of the table and started to fuck her mouth, thrusting for all he was worth.

The elderly nobleman grunted as he humped his beautiful young wife's face, repeatedly plunging his cock deep between her lips and into her throat. His eyes were closed and his back arched as he fed his erection into her reluctantly sucking mouth.

Brianna realised she wasn't going to get his cock out of her mouth until he squirted, so she did her best to suck and lick on his madly thrusting manhood.

"Ah yeah!" groaned Manfred, pumping faster and faster. "You love sucking that cock, don't you wench!" 

He gave a final cry as he clutched Brianna's face in against his crotch, his scrawny buttocks clenching as his cock spurted.

"Uh!" Manfred grunted as his balls churned and unloaded, his thick jizz shooting deep into Brianna's mouth and down her throat. 

Once again Queen Brianna swallowed her husband's seed. It wasn't going to get her knocked up inside her belly, she knew that for a fact.

***

It wasn't until two days later that Queen Brianna finally heard back from Captain Ramsay. Unfortunately the Captain didn't come to her, she had to track him down, finally locating him in the armoury doing an inventory of the castle's weapon and armour stocks.

"Ah, Captain Ramsay, I finally track you down," said the Queen as she entered the armoury and found Ramsay bent over a barrel counting the arrows inside.

Ramsay spun around in surprise. "Oh, your majesty," he gave her a quick bow. "Ah, what can I do for you?"

He didn't seem to be very pleased to see her, no doubt the investigation was not progressing as Brianna had hoped. Perhaps Ramsay lacked the proper motivation.

The Queen immediately moved across the room, standing close to the anxious soldier. She reached out and took hold of his right hand, squeezing it through the leather gauntlet he was wearing. "Captain Ramsay, I've been looking everywhere for you."

"Oh. Um, stock take," he replied, gesturing rather lamely with his free hand. He swallowed as Brianna's other hand stroked his bare wrist, just above where his glove ended.

"We haven't spoken since our discussion on your deceased guardsman," she the Queen carefully. She reached out and gently touched her palm to the Captain's chest, feeling the muscle beneath his tunic.

"Yes, well," Ramsay stammered a little. "Ah, investigations have been somewhat slow..."

"What have you got?" snapped Brianna impatiently.

"Well not a lot," admitted the Captain. "Although I have discovered some rumour of Mat having a lover. A secret lover."

"I see," remarked Brianna taking interest. "Who is she?"

"Er, we...that is I, don't know," Ramsay's gaze flicked down for a quick peek at Brianna's cleavage which was spectacularly on show as always.

"Captain Ramsay," began Brianna with a sigh. "I don't think you understand how important this is to me."

"I...it has my full attention," he tried to assure her.

Brianna cast her gaze disdainfully around the armoury. "I can see that," she replied sarcastically. "Listen. You will find out who this woman is, and you will also find out how the guard died and what he was up to before his death. I want to know everything."

"Yes your majesty."

Brianna slowly drew Ramsay's hand up to her bosom, his gloved hand instinctively closing around the ample mound of her right breast, squeezing through her gown. "When you are successful I will be very grateful. Very grateful indeed."

Ramsay's eyes were glued to the Queen's chest, watching his own hand as it squeezed and massaged Brianna's heavy tit through her gown. He licked his lips, sliding his hand over to her left breast which he also groped eagerly.

As Ramsay fondled her breasts, Brianna slipped one hand up between the Captain's thighs, squeezing his crotch in her palm, feeling the hardness there. "I will be candid Captain Ramsay," she said, her voice husky as she traced the outline of the Captain's hard cock through his trousers. "My husband is not the most reliable in the bedroom, and I have my needs. If you rub my back, I will be more than willing to rub yours."

Ramsay gave a small moan from the back of his throat. His other hand came up to join the first, squeezing the Queen's immense knockers ardently.

Brianna gave Ramsay's hard-on one last squeeze and then reached up, disengaging his groping paws from her chest. "But until you have some information for me, some real information, you'll have to stick to fucking your own hand instead of something much, much sweeter."

She spun around and marched out of the armoury. Hopefully that would give the Captain the incentive he needed.

***

Duke Khalan entered his daughter's chambers. Inside Brianna's maid Tessa was busy polishing a set of silver cutlery.

"Where is my daughter?" asked the Duke as he approached the pretty young redhead.

"The Queen has gone to church I believe," replied Tessa, putting down the silver gravy bowl she had been cleaning.

The Duke moved behind Tessa, standing uncomfortably close. "I see," he replied slowly. 

Tessa tensed as she felt the Duke reach up and grab a lock of her red hair, running his fingers through the burgundy strands. "Your hair is quite striking," commented the nobleman.

Tessa swallowed nervously. "Thank you m'lord."

Duke Khalan ran his hand down from Tessa hair along the length of her spine. His palm stroked over the curve of her inner back and down to the swell of her firm posterior. Tessa gasped as his hand slid down and cupped one of her buttocks, giving it a squeeze through her dress.

"How long have you worked for Brianna?" asked Khalan as he moved in close, pressing himself against Tessa's back, his hands moving up to hold her by her shapely hips.

"Several years," whispered Tessa in reply. She felt the hardness of the Duke's crotch rubbing against her ass.

Both of Khalan's hands slipped up from Tessa's waist to cup her big tits through her dress, giving them a hard squeeze.

"I...I should probably get back to work m'lord," hinted Tessa as the older nobleman ground his bulging erection into her round bottom. The hands on her breasts began to knead her full jugs.

"Hmm, very nice," breathed Khalan as he mauled her hooters and ground his cock into her ass. "So did the King ever have his way with you too?" he asked.

"Yes, I gave King Thomas pleasure sometimes," whispered Tessa, grimacing as the Duke gave her breasts a particular hard squeeze.

"So you've fucked Thomas, Thomas fucked my daughter, and now I'm about to fuck you," murmured Khalan. He reached up and grabbed Tessa's dress, up near her shoulders. He gave a small grunt of effort as he yanked the dress off her slim shoulders, causing it to rip slightly. Tessa gasped as the Duke wrenched the dress down to her waist, leaving her topless.

Duke Khalan gave a murmur of appreciation as he slid his hands back up to cup her now bare breasts, squeezing the large, warm flesh of her melons in his hands.

"What about Manfred?" asked Khalan as he pinched Tessa's nipples, rolling her big tits around in his hands. "I bet that horny old bugger has done you as well?"

"Er, no your lordship," replied Tessa.

"Hmm..." murmured Khalan thoughtfully. He let go of Tessa's breasts and reached for her dress once again, this time pushing it down over the curvy swell of her hips and stripping her completely naked.

The old duke's hands stroked across Tessa's bare back and down over the smooth roundness of her bare bottom. "Gorgeous," he murmured.

He spun her around to face him, both his hands rising to grab her big breasts, lifting the firm young jubblies as he leant forward to taste them. The old Duke gave a moan as he swiped his tongue up the length of Tessa's cleavage and then turned to suck one of her hard nipples into his mouth.

Khalan sucked on Tessa's nipples for a few moments, licking each of her breasts hungrily. 

"Down," he instructed, placing his hand on her head and urging her to kneel down at his feet. The duke then unfastened his trousers, dropping them to the ground. As Tessa had felt against her bum previously, he was already hard.

The gorgeous maid gave a surprised gasp as Khalan grabbed a handful of her red hair and yanked her head in close to his crotch. Unexpectedly though, he didn't shove his cock into her mouth, instead he wrapped her soft red hair around the shaft of his dick and started to stroke himself.

Tessa glanced up nervously at Duke Khalan, not sure what she should be doing as he stroked his cock in her hair. The elderly duke had his mouth open and his tongue poking a little out as he rubbed his hard shaft with her soft locks. Tessa winced as he pulled slightly on her hair while pleasuring himself.

After a couple of minutes, the duke reached down and pulled Tessa roughly back onto her feet. He spun her around and bent her forward over the table, in the process knocking the silver gravy bowl onto the floor.

Khalan placed one hand on Tessa's ass, giving it a squeeze as he reached out with his other hand and grabbed handful of her hair. Tessa gasped as he tugged on her hair, pulling her head back and arching her back, the motion causing her delightful ass to jut out towards his erection.

"That's good," breathed the duke as he lined his cock up with Tessa's pussy and then thrust into her.

Duke Khalan pulled hard on Tessa's hair as he pumped against her ass, slamming his hard cock deep into her pussy. The lovely buxom maid arched her back, grinding her ass back against him to meet his thrusts. Despite the fact she didn't share the duke's obvious eagerness, she was eager to make this carnal encounter as quickly over as she could.

Khalan moaned, both his hands moving to grip Tessa's shapely hips as his own bony hips thrust faster, his hard cock pumping in and out of the delicious young cunt in front of him. There were definite perks to nobility.

The room was filled with Khalan's grunts and the sound of his hips slapping against Tessa's shapely buttocks. "Uh!" Khalan's breathing became faster as he approached orgasm. Suddenly he pulled out of Tessa's inviting cunt, and almost immediately his cock spurted, thick ropes of cum splashing across the beautiful maid's ass and lower back.

"Mmm, very good," breathed Khalan as he wiped his dick on the girl's ass.

"You didn't cum in me?" remarked Tessa, more out of surprise than any concern.

"That's right. Can't be having any bastard children, now can we," explained the ever-careful duke.

***

Queen Brianna was in an irate mood the next day. Not only had she still heard nothing of use from Captain Ramsay, she'd also had a rather unpleasant rude awakening that morning.
