 Writer's Note: This first part to my story introduces the main character, Cserasha, and deals with consensual sex. Further stories in this series may not, as they shift to different themes of domination and fetish. Please enjoy, and feel free to comment!





The Bulk Freighter Racketroll shot through the depths of hyperspace, its irregular-shaped hull shuddering as it tore through the unreality of faster than light travel. Within, its crew of nine were trying to keep busy during the long voyage from the Core Worlds to Hutt Space. Some were on the bridge chatting idly, some were playing games on the hologram table, and others were in their quarters.

One such crewman was Cserasha Ban, a young Twi'lek, long of leg and slender of face, who had brilliant yellow-orange skin that many found captivating. She had only joined the crew a week previous while on Coruscant and was still trying to fit in. Cserasha was shy and nervous among her new crewmates, and very unsure of herself. She had spent the last few years in the slums of the Republic capital's lower levels, serving as maid in a seedy dive where every low-life scum had groped her. When Captain Jandeen had offered her a place on his crew she had literally wept with joy.

Currently she reclined on her bunk, studying a datapad full of ship's schematics. Cserasha had been busily learning all she could about the Racketroll in order to become the ship's co-pilot. The Captain said that she had good reflexes or something, and she would be good at it.

Tired of reading, Cserasha dropped the pad and stretched languidly, trying to relax. She felt cold all the time while on board, and had dressed in rough spacer clothes of pants and a jacket, with thick boots. This only improved her warmth a little, and also served to make her feel uncomfortable. No, if she needed to relax, she needed a hot shower.

Rising, she wandered towards the ship's communal bathroom. It was located centrally at the back of the crew quarters, over the engineering section. Cserasha's body felt the hum of the hyperdrive in the deckplates beneath her as she walked. She opened the door to the bathing section and stepped inside.

She stood in a small chamber with a couple of sinks along one wall, with a shelf of baskets opposite. At the end of the room was the door to the large shower room, Cserasha's intended destination. Seeing that the electronic lock on the door showed the room as 'vacant' she smiled in relief. Quickly, before anyone else came in, she rushed to the baskets and hurriedly undressed, throwing her itchy clothing into the basket and scooping up the dry towel within. Wrapping it around her, she moved quickly to the shower room, the cold metal deckplates chilling her bare feet as she went.

She reached out to the door control, and was about to hit it when she heard the sound of running water from beyond. Despite the vacant sign the room was occupied! Cserasha was about to turn and grab her clothes to run off, but something stopped her.

She heard another noise, this time a woman's voice. "Yes! Oh... ooh... OH!" The voice moaned, drowning out the sound of the rushing water.

Part of the young Twi'lek knew that she should be leaving, but another part was curious. What was going on in there?

A man's voice came through next. "Oh fuck yeah! Take it! Take it!"

Suddenly Cserasha understood! There were two people having sex in there! Now she knew beyond a doubt that she had to leave, and leave quickly, but for some reason she just stayed put. She felt a stirring down below, a tingling in her pussy that she had rarely felt. Something about the naughtiness of listening to two people having sex aroused her...

Cserasha pressed an ear-cone to the metal of the door, moving a lekku (the famed head tails of her species) out of the way as she did so, and savoured the sounds. She heard every gasp, every moan, every cry of delight and ecstasy clearly. And the more Cserasha heard, the more aroused she became. Without even realising what she was doing, one of her delicate hands had slipped down her body, lifted the bottom of the towel, moved between her legs and graced her hot lips with a single caress...

Oh yes! Cserasha gasped, echoing the chorus of sexual sounds coming from the shower beyond, and stroked her pussy again. Oh that felt good! She began to tease herself, gently rubbing her clit and relishing the jolts of pleasure that shot through her.

Cserasha had grown up being taught that pleasures of the flesh were wrong, and even during her years as a waitress she had felt less than sexual. Being leered at by every piece of scum she served drinks to had made her shy and introverted, and wary of such things. But that was a different life. She was free of Coruscant now, free to travel the galaxy and be someone else, and this someone else was apparently turned on by voyeurism!

Turning her back on a lifetime of abstinence, Cserasha found herself enjoying her masturbation for all it was worth. As one hand grew ever more furious in its stimulation of her clit, the other reached up and grabbed one of her full breasts. Almost instinctively she began to play with a hard nipple, and her pleasure grew ever higher!

"Uh...OH!" She exclaimed loudly, closing her eyes and tipping back her head as she worked ever harder to get herself off. She dropped to her knees, legs spread, and continued her masturbatory frenzy. The towel had fallen off some time ago (she did not notice when) and she was now naked, but it mattered not. She kept going, lost in the glorious pleasure, moving ever closer to satisfaction.

And then it happened.

"OHHHH YESSS!" She cried, as her body convulsed and an explosion of ecstasy ripped through her, lighting every nerve in her body on fire and her mind went blank with the world-shattering bliss.

Cserasha rode the feeling for as long as she good, her body trembling. Finally she sagged to the deck, spent. She hung her head, her lekku drooping down, and she breathed deeply to recover. She had no idea that masturbation could be so good! No idea at all!

"Well, what was interesting," Said a thoughtful voice in front of her.

Alarmed, the young Twi'lek glanced up suddenly, to see the person who had spoke.

She was called Chali, and she was the Racketroll's first mate. A Mirialan, human-looking but with deep green skin and long blood-red hair, Chali was a lithe and strong woman. The gentle muscles of her arms could plainly be seen, for she currently stood in the entrance to the shower, wearing nothing but a towel around her middle. "Our new crewmate is a horny one, it seems," She declared with a wicked smirk.

"I... I..." Cserasha stuttered, one arm rising to cover her breasts while the other grabbed for her own towel nearby. She felt mortified beyond belief and her mind froze in its desperate rush to think of something to say.

Chali smiled, amused by the Twi'lek's antics. "Oh no need for that," She said, dropping down to Cserasha's level and laying a restraining hand on the towel. She then reached up and gently pulled the arm from her breasts. "Ah, yes, there they are," Said the Mirialan softly. "My my, how nice those are."

"Th... thank you," Said Cserasha nervously, trying to avoid eye contact with the other woman.

"Now," Said Chali, "Tell me. What had you so hot and bothered?" She asked, gazing fondly at the Twi'lek's tits. "Were you watching us?"

"Oh no!" Said the other quickly. "I wasn't watching! Just listening!"

"So you... masturbated all alone on the cold floor?" Asked Chali, sounding sad. "You may have found it better to just join us...."

Cserasha's eyes went wide at the suggestion. "What? No... that's not..."

"Oh but it's just so much fun!" Said the Mirialan seductively. "Just look at what you can play with..." And so saying she turned to the side and gestured to the figure standing behind her.

Captain Jandeen was a broad shouldered man, a Corellian-born human with thick sandy hair. He was far more muscled than his first mate, with a bulging torso and firm abs, all of which were on display. He was naked, devoid of even a towel, and leaned casually against the doorway to the shower room, watching the two women on the floor intently.

His long cock was semi-erect as Chali gestured to it.

The Mirialan stared at her lover for a long while before turning back to Cserasha. When she did so, she saw that the Twi'lek's eyes were locked on the gorgeous naked male nearby. "Ah yes, you do like what you see."

Cserasha gulped and then finally raised her eyes to meet Jandeen's. "I'm sorry, Captain! I didn't mean to..."

"It's okay," He soothed. "Chali and I don't mind. And her offer to join us stands," He said with a wink.

"I... I couldn't..." Babbled the Twi'lek, but the other two were hearing none of it. Chali, still kneeling beside Cserasha, turned and shuffled along the floor to her Captain. As she did so she let her own towel slip off, joining the others in their nudity. No sooner did she reach Jandeen than she looked back at her crewmate.

"You have got to try this," She said, and raised a slender hand to the Captain's member. Running her fingers along the shaft a few times was all it took to make it swell and grow, and soon Chali was idly jacking off his full and impressive erection. Once his cock began to leak precum, she bent her head down and ran her tongue over the head. "Yummy," She said as Jandeen shuddered in delight.

The Captain let himself relish the sensation for a few moments, and then looked over at Cserasha. The brightly skinned Twi'lek was still sitting nude, and his eyes roamed over her sublime body and amazing tits. "Don't be shy," He urged softly.

The idea of refusing him never even entered her head. Cserasha had adored the Captain since they had first met, thanked him for taking her into his crew and helping her leave her old dead-end life behind. She owed him, but it was more than that. She was curious. She wanted to do this! She had never even seen a penis in real life, and so Cserasha found herself moving across the floor on all fours, her wide hips and flawless ass swaying like a cat as she did so. She drew ever closer to Jandeen's hard, throbbing cock, eyes locked on Chali's tongue as she licked the length of it. "Your turn," Said the Mirialan, withdrawing.

Cserasha took a deep breath, and then moved in. Her tongue flicked out, licking the head and tasting the sweet sticky precum that was now flowing. "Hmm..." She murmured, and continued licking.

"Oh yes, that's it!" Said Jandeen, more than pleased by her attentions.

"Oh you are good at this!" Said Chali with obvious approval, "And here we thought you were a virgin!"

"I... am..." Managed Cserasha by way of reply between licks.

"Oh honey you have no idea what you have been missing!" Said Chali, and when Cserasha glanced to one side to look at the Mirialan, she saw the first mate's eyes once again glued to the Twi'lek's body.

Slowly, Chali moved in, head low to pass under where Cserasha was busy working at the Captain's erection. She drew closer to the Twi'lek's breasts, and grabbed them with both hands.

"Oh!" Exclaimed Cserasha, not altogether upset by the feeling. And when Chali began to lick and suck at her nipples, the young Twi'lek found a new level of delight. "OH!" She said again, even louder.

Jandeen watched the show and grew ever harder. "Now suck me off," He told his newest crewman, no longer able to contain himself. He grabbed Cserasha lightly but firmly by the back of the head and pulled her in close. Reacting quickly, the Twi'lek parted her lips to take his huge cock into her mouth. She had no idea what was expected of her, so just sucked and continued to run her tongue all over his erection. "Oh fuck!" Gasped the Captain in obvious pleasure, so she figured she was doing well.

Meanwhile Chali continued to suck and lick at her tits, sending shudders of delight through Cserasha. Dimly, however, she was aware of the Mirialan moving lower, and when the Twi'lek looked down, it was to see the first mate gently parting her legs and moving her lips towards her sex.

If Cserasha's mouth had not been full of cock, she would have moaned loudly and suddenly in pleasure. Her fingers in her pussy had been ecstasy enough, but another woman's tongue felt incredible! With obviously practised skill, Chali licked quickly and lovingly at Cserasha's clit, sending shudders through the Twi'lek's body. Yes! She thought. This is fucking amazing!

Cserasha felt like her body was on fire, and her mind began to think of nothing save sating her new animal lust. She sucked Jandeen's erection with renewed vigour, while grinding her pussy into Chali's face. She did not care who came first, her or the Captain, she was just lost in ecstasy.

As it was, Jandeen came first. "Oh fuck!" He cried out, face contorting in blissful agony as his cock erupted in Cserasha's mouth. The hot jism filled her mouth so suddenly that she did not know what to do with it, but even as the Captain shook in orgasmic release he had the sense to pull her head in close over his erection. Cserasha had little choice but to swallow, and though the taste was sickly salty in her mouth, she found that she didn't mind.

He was smiling down at her as he stepped back, his cock softening as it left her mouth. "Did I do good?" She asked, licking her lips of the last of his cum.

"Oh yeah," Said Corellian with obvious satisfaction. Jandeen then leaned back against the wall, watching as Cserasha gasped in pleasure, now able to focus her entire attention on the Mirialan between her legs. The Twi'lek sank to the floor, Chali never missing a beat as she stayed with her, licking expertly with her tongue. Once on her back, Cserasha grabbed her own tits and began to play with her nipples with her thumbs and forefingers, heightening her pleasure yet further.

"Ooohhhh!" She cooed, and then her moan began to grow in intensity. "Oh! OH! Uh... UH... UUHHH YESSS!" She cried, as her whole body bucked and writhed as she climaxed, eyes wide with orgasmic joy as Chali's tongue achieved its goal.

Finally Cserasha came down from her high, laying spread-eagled on her back as her pleasure subsided. Slowly she looked up, and saw the ship's first mate crawling up her body. "Did you like that?" Asked the Mirialan.

The yellow-skinned beauty nodded. "Very much so," She confirmed, her weary tone of voice echoing how tired she felt.

Chali smiled lasciviously at that, and leaned in to kiss her. Cserasha eagerly returned the kiss, their lips parting to allow their tongues to slide over each other. As they did so, their nude bodies pressed together, and the young Twi'lek found something oddly pleasing about the feel of another woman's bare breasts against her skin. As they kissed, she explored the Mirialan with her hands, running them over her supple body and getting ever more turned on as she did so. The fatigue of a moment before was quickly forgotten as she felt the urge to try something new. Eventually, Cserasha broke off to speak.

"Can I...?" She began, but trailed off, unfamiliar with the vocabulary necessary to express what she wanted. Instead she simply looked down at Chali's pussy. "I want to taste you as I did the Captain..." She explained, but such was not necessary. The first mate knew what she was getting at, and was all too happy to allow the curious young woman to indulge her lust. 

The Mirialan rolled away to lie on her back, as Cserasha began to imitate what Chali had done for her just moments before. Cserasha licked and kissed, running her tongue over the other woman's skin as she worked her way down to her pussy. The Twi'lek found the first mate to be hot and moist, and she licked eagerly at the juices.

"Hmm!" Said Cserasha, "I can see the attraction with this..." And then she got to work.

Twi'lek's did not have body hair, and Cserasha's pussy was as smooth as the rest of her supple body. She knew that other species did have hair, however, and had found some at the base of Captain Jandeen's cock. Cserasha was under the impression that Mirialans had pubic hair too, but she found Chali's pussy to be as smooth as her own.

It made her job that much easier.

She licked up and down, dipping her tongue down inside. Just the taste of the first mate made Cserasha go crazy, and the pursuit of the delicious juices spurred her on. She felt her way inside Chali's pussy, seeking the point of pleasure that she knew all females had.

The Mirialan sensed what the cunnilingus novice was doing, and between moans gave gasped direction. "A little lower! Ah! Yes... yes... there! AH!"

Every exclamation of primal pleasure drove Cserasha further, and though her tongue rapidly began to tire, she was not going to give up until Chali had cum. For her part, the first mate appreciated the dedication of her new partner, and writhed in delight under each lick and caress.

Captain Jandeen watched the two aliens with relish, gently wanking his cock as he took in the lesbian show. In a few minutes he was hard yet again, and his insatiable sex drive cried out for him to join in the fun.

Still gently teasing his erection, the Corellian dropped to his knees behind Cserasha, leaning over her from behind as she was face down, head buried between Chali's legs. As he leaned in close, Jandeen ran a finger across the Twi'lek's pussy lips, finding them wet with arousal, despite her having already cum twice that evening.

Jandeen smiled as he heard the young woman moan in response to his touch, the sound muffled by her continued giving of oral delights to his first mate. "Raise your ass," He said softly in her ear, "I'm going to give that pussy of yours the cock it craves so much!"

Uncertainty flooded through Cserasha, and she ceased her licking to speak. "But... I've never..."

"Shhh..." Soothed Chali, looking at the Twi'lek. "Trust me, it may hurt at first, but it will feel wonderful soon enough!"

The yellow skinned Twi'lek looked back and forth, between the man behind her and the woman below her, and saw their faces alive with pleasure, their eyes begging her to join them. "Say you want me to fuck you with my big, hard cock," The Captain demanded softly.

"I want..." Breathed Cserasha, feeling so very aroused, "For you to... fuck me," She said, loving the dirty feeling of the words. "Fuck me with your big, hard cock!" She cried out suddenly, giving up the last of her inhibitions.

Jandeen needed no more encouragement, seizing her by the thighs and lifting her so she was still face down but now on her knees, legs apart and pussy wide open for him. Slowly, he moved his erection towards her waiting lips, and then gently slid it in.

Cserasha let out a gasp halfway between pleasure and pain. She felt like she was being ripped in half by the monster cock, which just kept going deeper. "OH!" She cried out, still confused. It was painful, but she could also feel the presence of dick inside her to be vaguely pleasurable.

And that pleasure was growing. "OH! Oh! Oh.... ooohhhh," Cooed the Twi'lek, as Jandeen began thrusting in and out of her slowly. With each thrust the pain diminished and the indescribable delight grew. Within a few short minutes she was moaning in open appreciation of the cock penetrating her pussy.

"Yes, you are starting to enjoy now, aren't you?" Said Chali, watching the mindless bliss on Cserasha's face.

"Oh fuck me yes!" Agreed the young woman, who was now actively rocking her hips back and forth, trying to get as much out of every inch of the Captain's erection as possible. "More! Fuck me more!" Cserasha cried. Her words would be heard in other parts of the Racketroll but she really did not care anymore!

Chali watched the unthinking lust consume her crewmate, and smiled. "Don't forget me, my dear," She said, laying a hand on the back of Cserasha's head and guiding her back to the Mirialan's pussy. Lost in a sexual frenzy, the Twi'lek resumed licking with almost frantic vigour, and Chali melted under the assault of the tongue. "FUCK YES!" She exclaimed.
