 Writer's Note: This is the second story about the Twi'lek Cserasga. From consensual sex I have now moved to male domination and non-consentual. Please do not read if you are offended by such things. Otherwise, please enjoy, and feel free to comment!

*****

Cserasha Ban smelled the heady scent of tobacco laced with spice in the air, hanging heavy in the den of the crime lord Dilgavas. She and the crew of the Racketroll had come here to meet the Zabrak who controlled this part of Nar Shaddaa, the Smuggler Moon. Cserasha disliked dealing with lowlife gangsters like Dilgavas, but apparently he and her Captain, Jandeen, were old friends.

Dilgavas was imposing figure with harsh eyes and a powerful body, plus the cranial horns common to his race. He was currently reclined on a throne-like chair, surrounded by guards. That fit the palace-like feel of his immense home, and he looked down on Cserasha and her fellows who stood before him, requesting an audience. Dilgavas was a minor kingpin on Nar Shaddaa, but the horned alien gangster ruled his domain as thoroughly as any Hutt. Like the giant slugs who controlled the moon (and the planet Nal Hutta that it orbited), Dilgavas loved to flaunt his wealth. As a result his audience room was a great hall full of partying mercenaries, bounty hunters, spice dealers, pirates, smugglers, musicians, dancers and serving girls. Those last two groups were almost entirely composed of slaves.

And those slaves were, one and all, Twi'leks. Just like Cserasha Ban herself.

The nineteen year old tried to hide her disgust as a fellow member of her species brushed past her towards the throne. The Twi'lek girl, short and with mauve skin, moved with eyes downcast and filled with... nothing. No sadness, no resent, she was just empty. She wore little in the way of clothing, only a bikini from which hung transparent silks, and a slave collar around her neck that declared her to be property and not a person. The girl, about Cserasha's age, went about her tasks with all the life of a basic droid.

Cserasha was instantly filled with loathing for Dilgavas, for such things flew in the face of all she had learned growing up. Slavery was the galaxy's cruellest injustice.

She had no time to dwell on such, for her Captain was talking and she wanted to follow what he was saying. Oh, how she admired Captain Jandeen! Last night, when he stuck his cock in her, Cserasha had felt amazing! She knew that she would never be good enough to be his girlfriend, and besides, he had his first mate, Chali. However, if the duo ever wanted Cserasha to join them for another threesome she was not going to say no...

"So you see, Dilgavas," Said the human Captain, "We had to ditch the cargo!"

The Zabrak frowned. "You and your crew are good, Jandeen," Growled the crime lord, "And loyal. Rare qualities in our business. So I will let this one slide, as long as you pay me back."

Jandeen, a handsome Corellian-born human, bowed low. "Thank you, sir! And don't worry, the crew and I will pay you back in full. In fact, while on Coruscant, we took the trouble of picking you up a down payment!" And so saying, he and the rest of his people turned their eyes to their newest crewman - Cserasha.

The Twi'lek woman looked back at them in confusion. "I... I don't understand..." She began, unable to comprehend what her handsome Captain was getting at.

"Take her!" Ordered Jandeen firmly, and two of the bigger members of his crew jumped forward to grab her arms.

"What? NO! Let me go!" Bellowed the yellow-skinned Twi'lek, panicking.

"Relax honey," Said a female voice in her ear, "It will all be over soon!"

Cserasha twisted her head about, and saw Chali standing behind her. "I thought we were friends!" She protested. "I'm part of the crew!"

"You are a slut!" The Mirialan first mate told her. "We used you to suck cock and lick pussy, and now we are getting rid of you! I'm sure you will enjoy your new life as a slave!"

"NO! Please! Please don't do this!" Begged Cserasha, feeling hurt, betrayed, but most of all SCARED.

Jandeen watched as the Twi'lek continued her useless struggling. Turning back to the crime lord, the smuggler captain went on, "What do you think, Dilgavas? She's young and pretty, and I know you like to break them in!"

The Zabrak's eyes roved over Cserasha's body. She was pretty even by Twi'lek standards, her skin a brilliant shade of rich yellow, and the markings on her lekku (the head tails for which her race were famous) were a deep orange. She was currently dressed in simple spacer clothes, but as she felt Dilgavas's gaze she felt as though he was seeing her naked.

A grin spread over the gangster's face. "You have done well, Jandeen. I accept your peace offering." So saying he clicked his fingers, and a duo of pig-like Gamorrean guards came forth to take custody of Cserasha, who struggled anew at their touch. Turning back to the crew of the Racketroll he said, "You and your people shall have three months to pay me back."

"Thanks," Said the Corellian. "We'll only need one. Pleasure doing business with you, Dilgavas!" And so saying, he turned to walk off, Chali and the rest of his crew in tow. They spared not a glance for the Twi'lek they were leaving behind.

"Please!" She begged, tears now flowing from her. "Let me go!" She sobbed. "You can't do this! I am a Republic citizen, not a slave!"

Dilgavas moved quickly, jumping down from his throne on its raised dais and coming close to her. He grabbed her, a thick hand holding her face as he twisted it round to look at him. "From now on," He snarled, "You are whatever I tell you!" And as he looked at her, deep in her pale orange eyes, his smile grew. "I can see a spark of defiance in you! Breaking you will indeed be fun! Guards! Take her to my quarters!"

And so the guards dragged her off.

-

She continued crying as the snorting pig guards dragged her down the labyrinthine passages of Dilgavas's fortress base and to the private suites of the crime lord himself. A set of double doors were parted before her, and she found herself in a large bedroom, richly appointed in lush blood-red carpet, with life-size nude and erotic statues all around. A four-poster bed dominated the room, but Cserasha's eyes were drawn to something else.

Chains of dark steel were driven into the wall, ending in cruel manacles that her guards secured the writhing Twi'lek captive in. The harsh metal instantly chafed her fair skin, and then they applied yet another restraint: a slave collar about her neck.

"Please let me go!" She continued to beg, but the Gamorreans merely grunted. She wondered if they could even speak Basic.

Once she was secure they left her.

Cserasha wanted to sag to the floor and cry, but the restraints on her arms would not even allow her to do that. So instead she just hung there, head lowered to the floor, letting the tears roll down her cheeks and onto the carpet below.

She knew on one level that she had to get out of there, but how? Cserasha had left Coruscant, half the galaxy away, to join Captain Jandeen's crew. She had no allies on Nar Shaddaa, no hope of getting off world. Worse, she had no friends who would come to rescue her. She was trapped, totally and utterly.

She had no idea how long she had been there when Dilgavas finally entered, but her tears had dried up and a dull numbness had overtaken her. When the Zabrak walked in she glanced up, meeting his harsh gaze. "Please..." She begged softly, "I'll do anything! Just... set me free!"

The crime lord looked at her and scowled. Raising a hand, Cserasha had just enough time to notice the remote Dilgavas held before he pressed one of the buttons on it.

The slave collar around her neck was not just for decoration. It was a shock collar, and at the crime lord's command a surge of electricity flooded her nervous system. The agony was unlike anything Cserasha had ever felt, an all-consuming barrage of sensory overload that felt both freezing and roasting at it consumed all feeling in her pain receptors. She screamed, oh how she screamed, writhing and bucking in her restraints, unable to think while the agony surged through her.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity of the most horrific torture, the collar ceased its relentless assault. Cserasha, hanging from the chains on the wall, lekku swinging idly behind her, slowly got her thoughts together and moved her head around to look at Dilgavas. He had released the button on the remote control, but otherwise had not moved.

"When you see me enter, you are to say at once, 'Greetings, Master'," Explained the sadistic Zabrak. "Is that clear?"

She nodded, and a split second later was screaming in blinding agony yet again. The cessation could not come quick enough, but it did come.

"When I ask a question I want to hear you say, 'Yes, Master'," Said Dilgavas firmly. "Now, is that understood?"

"Yes, master!" Cserasha managed, despite her body still being barely recovered from the second shock.

"Better," Said the Zabrak approvingly. "Learn quickly, become obedient, and you will find me to be a fair owner."

"Yes, master," Said the young Twi'lek, not sure if he wanted a response but desperate to say something that would appease him.

"Very good. Now, I want you naked."

She looked at the manacles on her arms which were chained to the wall. "But... ARRGGHHHH!!"

"That didn't sound like a 'Yes, Master' to me!" Thundered Dilgavas, pressing the button again and again. Every time there was break in the pain Cserasha thought he had stopped, but he pressed it more and more. The stop-start assault was, if anything, worse than it being on continuously.

She screamed, deep, wailing cries of utter anguish, unable to do anything else but endure the torture. When finally the collar ceased, Cserasha could hear a voice babbling, "Yes master yes master yes master yes master..." Again and again, and it took her a moment to realise that it was she herself speaking, though she could not say why.

"Naked," He commanded again.

"Yes, master!" The Twi'lek managed as loudly as possible, and began to fumble with her clothes. The chains allowed her a degree of manoeuvrability, enough to unzip her jacket and pull her top up to her neck. It bunched there awkwardly, unable to take it off entirely while her arms were still trapped. Still, it allowed Dilgavas to get a look at her full breasts, and she saw the approval in his eyes.

Cserasha hesitated for a split second before continuing, and the crime lord's eyes flicked noticeably to the remote. Instantly, the Twi'lek grabbed her pants and yanked them and her underwear down in one smooth motion, stepping out of them and kicking them away. She was still in her shoes, but otherwise was bare from her arms to her ankles.

The Zabrak now stepped close to her, taking her in with his dark eyes. His gaze roamed freely over her long legs, her hairless pussy, and her delightful breasts. "I love Twi'lek girls," He said, running a hand up and down her thigh. "So smooth, so supple. So nice to FUCK," Declared Dilgavas, moving his hand to her sex and rubbing at her lower lips.

She winced as he touched her pussy. Cserasha knew what he wanted to do to her, but somehow she tried to deny it. She shut her eyes, trying to block out the feeling of this disgusting gangster trying to get her wet.

"What's wrong?" He asked harshly, noticing her reaction.

"Nothing... master," Said the Twi'lek, remembering the honorific just in time to avoid a shocking. She opened her eyes to look at him, now seeing that his leering face was mere inches from hers.

"Have you ever been with a man?" Asked Dilgavas, still rubbing at her pussy.

"Yes, master," She confirmed, forcing himself to meet his disturbing gaze.

"Jandeen?" He asked with a sneer.

"Yes, master," She confirmed, her voice sad. Just thinking of the Captain's betrayal was hurting her more than anything else.

The Zabrak smiled at this. "Yeah, he likes to play before he brings them to me." Cserasha must have reacted somehow at this, for Dilgavas went on. "Oh yes, he has done this before. The last one, she was a feisty one! A short thing with mauve skin. She cursed at him and tried to claw Jandeen's eyes out with her bare hands!" He smiled fondly. "When I finally broke her she was a prize. So quiet and obedient, utterly mindless. Next time Jandeen visited I had her fuck the entire crew of the Racketroll, and then thank each and every one for bringing her to me. She's still around somewhere, I suspect, serving drinks I believe."

Cserasha remembered the girl she saw earlier, and knew that that was who the Zabrak meant. It scared her to think that she could end up like that.

"Now, let's play, shall we?" He asked rhetorically, and pressed a different button on the remote. She instantly braced herself for immense pain, but none came. Instead her arms fell to her side, and Cserasha noticed that the manacles had released. "Remove the last of your clothes. Shoes as well," Said Dilgavas firmly.

"Yes, master," She said, reaching up to the clothes bunched at her neck and casting them aside. With each move Cserasha had to fight the urge to cover her breasts, for the wicked leer on Dilgavas' face made her acutely aware of her nudity. She then removed her shoes and socks, and stood barefoot upon the cold floor, holding her hands to her side.

"Beautiful," Said the Zabrak, though his tone of voice made the word seem dirty and ugly. "Now, on the bed," He ordered.

Cserasha, scared and mind whirling, took a few steps towards the giant bed nearby. For a moment her eyes darted to the door to the room, and the thought of running for it entered her head. Instantly she squashed such fancies as she recalled the pain that Dilgavas could inflict with just the press of a switch. Instead she meekly went over to the bed and sat on it.

The plush four-poster bed was comfortable and sagged under her ass as she perched on it, hands still at her side and head lowered. For some reason the Twi'lek was afraid to look up at the Zabrak crime boss, as if just making eye contact would encourage him.

"Now," Said Dilgavas, "You will pleasure me." And so saying he drew closer, his shadow looming over her, and he gestured to his belt. "Undo me," He whispered firmly.

Cserasha swallowed, said, "Yes, master," and complied. She pulled off his belt and, knowing that he wanted her to go further, she pulled his trousers down and immediately his cock sprang up before her. The Zabrak was already semi-erect, veins appearing along his shaft as the Twi'lek beheld it.

"Yes, you like what you see, don't you slut?" Said Dilgavas gleefully.

"Yes, master," Said the yellow-skinned woman at once. 

"Now, suck me off!" He ordered, and shoved his cock into her mouth. Cserasha suppressed her gag reflex as his length plunged into her, and she tasted his sickly-sweet precum immediately. Her tongue quickly got to work, moving in concert with her lips as she moved back and forth along his throbbing boner.

Dilgavas groaned, clearly enjoying himself, as Cserasha fought a wave of revulsion and disgust. This man had taken her freedom and was now violating her, and all she could do was meekly please him. She thought herself better than this.

So many of her people had been sold into slavery over the millennia, and Cserasha had sworn that it would never happen to her. And now it was happening, and she was not fighting back at all, just weakly submitting to her fate like so many other Twi'leks. 

Tears began to glisten in her eyes as the tragedy of her current predicament started to get to her, but even then she was too fearful of being shocked to let up her blowjob. Captain Jandeen had complemented her natural skill in this, and Dilgavas too was bucking his hips and smiling in pleasure. "Oh yes! Good slave!" He crooned.

Suddenly, before he could cum, the Zabrak pulled out. A fierce sexual frenzy had taken him over now, and he shoved Cserasha back onto the bed proper. "On your front, slave! Now!" He barked.

Scared so much that she acted without thinking, Cserasha turned over and scrambled into the centre of the bed, only to have Dilgavas fall atop her. He grabbed her by the thighs and shoved her legs apart, pulling himself in behind her.

"No!" She screamed on reflex, knowing that any moment now he was going to rape her, but Dilgavas took no notice. He lowered a hand to her pussy and rubbed it, and she whimpered, the tears flowing freely now.

She was far from aroused and far from wet, but the Zabrak either did not notice or did not care. Taking her from behind, he rammed his cock into her and roared his gross pleasure as he claimed her pussy.

"No!" She screamed, desperately hoping that someone would hear and come save her. "NOOO!"

Dilgavas merely slapped her ass checks and laughed insanely as he pounded her relentlessly. He pulled at her lekku head tails and seemed to get only more aroused by her evident pain and terror. "Beg me to fuck you harder, slave!" He thundered.

"No! Nooooo - AHHHH!" Cserasha protested, and then screamed in agony as the shock collar triggered again. Mind-numbing pain screamed through her body, but as her body twitched and writhed it only seemed to please Dilgavas more.

"Beg me, bitch!" He repeated as he let up on the shock button. "Say it, slave!"

"Please..." Sobbed Cserasha through her tears, "Please... fuck me... master..."

"Louder!"

"Please fuck me master!" Cried the Twi'lek, so lost to pain and sorrow she was barely aware of saying it.

"Again! Again!" Snapped Dilgavas, as he rode her ever harder.

"Please fuck me, master! Please fuck me, master! Pleasefuckmemaster pleasefuckmemaster..." Said Cserasha, babbling the words like a mantra as she tried to deny the reality of the situation.

"That's right, slave, you are mine!" Cried the Zabrak, as turned on by her compliance as by the feel of her pussy on his cock. Finally he reached the limits of pleasure and he exploded with ecstatic release. "OH FUCK YES!" He called and came hard in his new pet.

Laughing with almost maniacal glee, Dilgavas savoured his release for as long as he could, then pulled out to fall down on the bed beside his new slave. Looking over at the nude Twi'lek, his triumphant smile grew.

"You are mine," Said the crime boss again.

"Yes, master," Said Cserasha, beaten, the words coming ever easier to her lips.

-

Cserasha lost all track of time, and was fearing that she was losing her mind as well. Dilgavas was as insatiable as he was ruthless, fucking her several times and cumming in her pussy, mouth, and even ass. Like any man he needed to take breaks, and during those times he amused himself by having the young Twi'lek dance for him naked, or finger herself, or simply repeat degrading and humiliating statements of her slavery.

Finally, the Zabrak decided that his fun was at an end.

Now as naked as she, he was reclined on the bed, idly stroking his cock while Cserasha kneeled on the bed nearby. Her legs spread, she was rubbing her pussy at his command, and reciting lines she had been given.

"I am your slutty fuck slave, master," Said the Twi'lek, "My body belongs to you. I am your slutty fuck slave, master. My body belongs to you..." She said the words without life or heart, her voice dead, but Dilgavas seemed not to care. In fact, he seemed to prefer her that way. Broken.

The Zabrak smiled and lifted the remote in his hand, and Cserasha felt a rush of terror as she feared another shocking. However, he pressed at a different set of controls, and a few moments later the doors to the room opened and someone else came in.

This new-comer was a red-skinned Devaronian. His cranial horns were polished and shining black, and his clothing was a clean-cut and almost military in its styling. An electro-whip was curled upon his belt, and he exuded menace. "Yes, Master?" He asked, bowing upon entering.
