 Veronica Paul was a pretty widowed woman of 31 living in Daytona, Florida. She had twin sons from her husband who was an army man killed in Afghanistan. That was six months ago and Veronica was still in grief. 

Friends urged her to start looking for a job and a man. But she took to alcohol drinking instead to alleviate her loneliness. There were times she would really get smashed and would neglect attending to her two sons. So one day her mother called and invited her to stay with her and the kids for awhile so she could have time to look for a job and do something worthwhile rather than getting drunk.

She brought the kids to her mom but after a few days she went back to her little apartment in Daytona all alone by herself and started drinking again. 

One night Veronica met a guy named Guy Spears in a bar. Guy was a chopper pilot. He was good-looking, single and unattached. So the two got along pretty well together and soon Guy invited Veronica to ride with him in the chopper since she told him that she hadn't experienced riding one before. 

"I've been living my life with fear of heights but I'll take the ride. I think it's about time that I battle the fear," she had told him. 

"It's wonderful and beautiful up there to view the world and at the same time fly like a bird without the wings," Guy said. 

This was the reason why Guy took piloting a chopper just to rid off the fear he also once had. Guy was the same age as Veronica and he'd been piloting choppers for seven years and never had any serious mishap in the air.

The following day Veronica found herself in a happy mood and for the first time left all her troubles and loneliness behind. She climbed Guy's chopper wearing a gingham shirt, a cotton safari vest with pockets stacked with films (she loved photography), a pair of baggy jeans shorts and hiking boots. Guy was so pleased she took his invitation. Veronica could be mistaken for a movie star with her tall lithe figure, a stunningly pretty face accentuated by large dark glasses. On her swept back hair was a newsboy cap. She carried two cameras including a Polaroid and a lean insulated cooler bag, which she stashed on with some lunch goodies and drinks. Guy wore a distressed bomber jacket over an olive cotton shirt and khaki pants and his happy face was obscured by his aviator sunglasses. He was happy that at last he found a witty and beautiful woman in Veronica. 

"I love khakis on men," she said looking at his thighs and demonstrating a flirty facile grin. "Now I know why they call it Banana Republic."

"I love shorts on women especially if they have legs like yours," he retorted amusingly. "Now I know why they call this Gap."

For almost two hours, Guy and Veronica crisscrossed mountains, forests, lakes, everglades and both were exhilarated and comfortable with each other. It was a new chapter in Veronica's life and her spirit soared high.

When Veronica was about to take Guy's picture with her Polaroid, suddenly Guy's smile quickly faded. He felt in his hand that the collective-pitch lever had gotten limp under his grip. No matter how he jiggled it up and down there was no response. Sensing trouble, Veronica wasn't able to press the shutter of her camera. She looked at Guy but he appeared cool. She hoped that there was just some minor problem that Guy could be able to cope with. 

However, there was a major problem. A 20-inch linkage rod was disconnected from the rotor shaft and was swinging freely. This was observed by Guy through the bubble of the cabin aircraft.

The aircraft was now lifting totally on its own. 

"We have a problem," he said forcing himself to sound calm. "The disconnected rod would not enable me to have the power to control the flight of this whirlybird." 

"What's gonna happen to us? Are we gonna crash?" Veronica said in a frantic tone.

"Not if we could do something to fix that disconnected rod up there."

"But how?" Veronica asked.

"I think you've got to step out of the chopper and fix it up there and I'll direct you. Will you do it?"

"If I won't be able to do it?"

"Either that, or we're going to sink like shit. Forgive me for telling like it is so."

The chopper had been flying for two hours. Guy figured, they had about 30 minutes left before it would run out of fuel.

With nary a knowledge in aircraft at all and the reality that she had to do the unthinkable risk of trying to save their lives with the only available chance, she sat frozen for a moment thinking of death, leaving her two small sons, and taking the chance of saving their lives at all cost. She had to try or die. She had to fix the pitch within 30 minutes.

Veronica stepped out through the door of the chopper and planted both feet in a 20-inch wide wire-mesh cargo basket that ran under the aircraft. The cold wind was bitter. She had wrapped her seat belt around her waist. 

"What now?" Veronica asked into her headset, fitted tightly over her capped head. The howl of the engine and the din of the rotor blades were almost deafening.

Veronica tried everything she could do to restore the disconnected linkage to the rotor shaft. She strained her full five feet seven inches body to push back into place the swinging 20 inch disconnected rod. Her sunglasses were whipped off by the wind. "Guy I couldn't reach it," she yelled.

Guy tilted the helicopter a little to the left. "Push up on the arm!" "Push...just a little bit. No Veronica, the other way!" But then it pushed too much causing the chopper to descend violently. For excruciating minutes Veronica held on to a support strut on the chopper's engine. Every time she made a clumsy mistake the aircraft would ascend or fall violently down. She fought for every breath and held on enduring the bitter wind and her fear of heights. 

Six minutes were left before the aircraft would run out of fuel. Veronica made the remarkable thing of assembling back the disconnected linkage by merely using her hairpin. But she did more than 20 attempts to thread the hairpin through the holes taking great risks of being flung into the blades. Soon the tension was back to the collective pitch lever and Guy pushed it down slowly. 

"You did it Veronica!" Guy howled with joy as he was able to land the chopper safely.

When they got down for refueling Veronica couldn't believe the heroic deed she had done to save their lives. "It's my hairpin for a hair-raising experience of our life." She said hugging Guy so tightly feeling that it was so great to be alive.

The hugs were followed by loving kisses and then passion engulfed them. They wanted to make love right there and then but they controlled their desires. They had to refuel and get home and make it out somewhere either in his place or hers. Guy fixed the disconnected rod properly and then flew the chopper homeward.

Veronica and Guy were now closer than ever. They longed to reach home and fuck like minks. There was a surge of adrenaline and lust in their bodies that had to be unleashed. Both were in cloud nine and literally so up there in the clouded sky as they indulged in heavy kissing and petting in the chopper. 

When Guy started descending the chopper, the skies swiftly darkened as if evening time was being hurried. Then suddenly he frowned at the landscape they were about to land. It wasn't familiarly Florida. They couldn't believe what they saw. 

There was a convoy of men in chariots that was dispersed as they made their noisy descent. When they touched the ground their bows and arrows and spears were pointed at them. Guy shot his flare gun in the air and the men in the chariots became terrified that they laid down their arms and thought he and his companion were gods. They bowed down on their knees in fright. 

The two disembarked from the chopper. Veronica kept her Polaroid camera with her. Finally their leader approached them and spoke in Egyptian. He introduced himself as Liboginus, a Roman advisor of Cleopatra. They knew the name Cleopatra and their eyes met in wonderment. They were somewhere in time during the reign of Cleopatra. Liboginus gestured that he would bring them to their queen. They obliged and were driven in a special chariot. 

Then they took a boat until they reached a magnificent barge with a gilded stern, purple sails, and silver oars. Cleopatra herself was dressed as Venus, the goddess of love. She reclined under a gold canopy, fanned by boys in Cupid costumes. The barge was sailed by her maids, who were dressed as sea nymphs. 

Liboginus told Cleopatra all the things he saw and figured out to invite the couple to give her a courtesy call since they landed in their territory. Cleopatra's eyebrow arched when he told her that they came down from the air riding a flying chariot. "They might be gods who came down to earth," Liboginus said excitedly hinting a tone of near veneration.

"Introduce yourselves to me," Cleopatra said, facing the two aliens.

"Look we know you are Cleopatra but we don't speak your language. We are Americans. We live in the 21st century and it's strange that we landed here in your time. I am Guy and this is Veronica," Guy spoke. Both slightly bowed their heads in a gesture of reverence.

Cleopatra who spoke nine languages tilted her head to one side a little bit and studied Guy's strange language and somehow knew what he was saying. Veronica thought Cleopatra looked like Barbra Streisand because of her prominent nose and quickly she took a picture of her with her Polaroid camera. She was far from beautiful, despite her glamorous image today. Yet she was clearly a very seductive woman and deeply fascinating. She had an enchantingly musical voice and exuded charisma. She had black hair and black eye-brows and a haughty, high-cheekbone face with a long hooked nose and a strong chin.

After two minutes the picture came out of the camera fanning it in the air for a while. Then Veronica peeled off the film covering and then the picture of Cleopatra appeared. She gave it to Cleopatra and she was astonished. Quickly she spoke fast and ordered something from her entourage in the boat. Suddenly there was food and wine feted to them. Guy and Veronica were entertained also with music and dance.

"I can take some more pictures of you," Veronica said. Cleopatra understood and started posing. Amazingly she struck seductive poses. When she saw her pictures she was all excited. She turned to her men and ordered them to postpone her trip to Tarsus until tomorrow and instead bring her back to her palace together with her guests.

Cleopatra was so happy seeing her pictures and she kept them in the jewelry box. She would later show them to her lover Marcus Antonius when they see each other at Tarsus. 

Inside her bedroom, Cleopatra sat on a golden chair and whispered something to one of her maids as her two guests were standing in front of her. The two maids spoke to the couple and made signs that the queen wanted them to undress. Veronica and Guy shot glances with a questioning look. The maids made sign languages that they were to escort them to the bath house. They obliged thinking that they were captives. And who could reject such an order from the queen? Taking a bath was no big deal compared to being held prisoners with hands manacled and worst of all thrown into the ocean to be fed off to the sharks.

Two maids handled each of them in removing their clothes. The maids couldn't conceal the excitement in their faces as they removed every article of Guy and Veronica's clothes. The maids' smooth bare bronze bodies were clad only by a narrow white linen skirt wrapped around their waists. Their pert breasts were exposed and their short black hair had bangs evenly cut above their eyebrows. They fumbled their hands on his cargo pants and Guy showed them how to unzip it. When they pulled off his pants his heather gray boxer shorts was tented by his erection. The maids tugged the shorts off and his boner sprang forth to the quick of their delight. Each of them touched and stroked his circumcised boner and Guy was exhilarated with their curiosity.

The maids who took care of Veronica marveled at her creamy complexion. They examined her sheer bra and panties. She gestured on how to unfasten her bra and they did follow her until they were awed at how full and bigger her breasts were. She stood before them and she let them pulled down her bikini panties, presenting her plump secret self shrouded by honey-colored bush. 

Soon their bodies were bathed with soda instead of soap and then rubbed by perfumed oil into their skin. They enjoyed the massage until their bodies tingled with energy and alertness. Afterwards they were clothed with linens, Guy wore a full skirt and Veronica with low-cut white dress with bands over the shoulders. Both of them were adorned by collars and necklaces, strings of beads, bracelets, anklets, earrings and finger rings. They rouged Veronica's lips and cheeks and made-up her eyelids with green paint. Then they combed her hair and braided it in their fashion. Now both of them looked like sophisticated Egyptians. Each was given a brew to drink. 

"What is this?" Guy asked the girl who served but she giggled and mumbled something that only she could understand. Actually it was a concoction of several herbs like wild yam, maca, yohimbe, avena sativa and horny goat weed all geared to make any man sexually virile.

"You like it Veronica?" Guy inquired as she made the first sip. "Strange taste, but it's fine with me," she said shrugging her shoulders. Guy drank it and it didn't take long before they empty their cups.

After the make up session, they were made to face back Cleopatra and she nodded with approval at their appearances. Then she summoned one maid and whispered something to her after which she walked up to Guy and Veronica and made a cute hand signal which meant that Cleopatra wanted to see them make love.

They were at first hesitant but slowly they began trading lustful glances. Noticeably they felt within themselves that they were enormously stimulated. The tonic that they drank might have amplified their libidos. 

Soon the maids left them with Cleopatra. Guy started breathing like a stallion at Veronica's presence encased in a sheer dress. Not long after Guy drew her body to him and peppered her with lustful kisses. Veronica responded feverishly to his kisses parting her lips to welcome his probing tongue and roving her hands all over his hard body and 

Cleopatra watched them with quick intake of breaths. The hotter they kissed the bolder Guy's hands explored Veronica's marvelous body.

Apparently aroused, Cleopatra began touching her taut nipples poking through her luxurious emerald green gown. 

Guy untied the sash on Veronica's waist and her gown fell open. He slipped the straps over her shoulders and twirled her around like in a dance making the gown spiral down to her feet revealing perfect breasts with alert nipples. There was not an ounce of fat in her body. Her washboard belly and the triangular patch of bush between her legs were impressive. 

Guy's hungrily sucked Veronica's tense nipples as his hands molded her breasts. Then one of his hands slipped down between her legs. Through her wiry bush he felt her love button sticking out. His manhood stood like a blazing saber as his intense arousal. As his finger entered the wet folds of her feminine center, he dropped to his knees and ate her out. Veronica moaned exuberantly undulating her hips against his face as her fingers sank into his tousled hair.

Soon Guy stood and lifted Veronica by her bottom and stabbed his sabre into her gaping sheath. She clasped her hands behind his neck and entwined her legs around his waist. Guy's legs were spaced out on the floor as he deep-drilled her love tunnel with a blur of motion. Veronica tilted her head back contemplating on the sensation of his hardness thrusting into the very depths of her. 

A flurry of emotion agitated Cleopatra and she stood up from her throne. She walked up closely at them and gaped at their sexual parts in a spectacular engagement of action. The couple no longer minded the queen's watchful staring as they made love like deaf and blind. Soon Veronica cried out in a torrent of ecstasy and her body was all shook up. Cleopatra herself felt she was in the verge of coming as she played herself through her shimmering gown.

Guy had the boner and sex drive that wouldn't quit and so he made Veronica turn around and bend over propping her hands on a heavy jar half the size of her body. Guy licked his lips at the breath-taking view of Veronica's parted legs showing the soft, juicy target of his desire. Guy rubbed the tip of his tumescent against the soft folds gathering enough juice before sinking his shaft into her. Cleopatra was green with envy. At first he made slow thrusts and when he felt that his cock was well-lubricated he quickened into a fast clip pumping as his hands splayed at the side of her hips pulling them to him for deeper penetration. As his thick heavy ballsack slammed against her jutting clit steadily, it didn't take long for Veronica to cry aloud and churned her hips in sensuous spasms 

Cleopatra was impelled to join the fray and discarded her gown letting it drop to the floor. She had a marvelous body, sleek and feline, high breasts and a narrow waist. Her body had the sheen and texture of dark olive oil. She knelt down and took Guy's cock into her mouth. She hummed as she moved her mouth back and forth. Her beautiful humming voice pricked Guy's spine with tingling sensation. Then Cleopatra let go of his cock and motioned Guy to eat her to which Guy gladly obliged. Veronica felt a slight tinge of jealousy mixed with burning lust. 

Moments later Cleopatra motioned Guy to enter her as she lay down on a furry animal rug on the floor. Guy did the missionary position to her appearing like he was doing push ups. All the more Cleopatra became hot underneath him. Soon Guy was on all fours and Cleopatra by clinging her arms and legs at him pushed her pelvis upwards and did the pumping herself very slowly. Guy bellowed as he felt the vice-like grip of her carnal trap on him. Then he knelt back and draped her legs on his shoulders and pumped her furiously while his hands grappled the top of her thighs. Cleopatra's tits jiggled and moaned her way to a fantastic climax. 

Then Veronica spoke. "Guy, don't come inside her, pull it out when you come." Guy nodded and when he sensed that he was near he pulled out and leaned back. Cleopatra quickly slid her feet to Guy's pelvis and did a footjob over his rigid pecker. Her feet rolled and rubbed him in between like a pastry and with amazing agility. At last Guy groaned and a streak of white semen shot out from him in a perfect arc. Cleopatra was fascinated. Another jet came, and another, and a fourth, spurting up in the air and landing like warm drops of rain on Cleopatra's belly and hand. Cleopatra was exhilarated.

Moments later Cleopatra and Veronica were like two pussycats licking the sperm off Guy's cock and sucking it with lascivious noises. Without a doubt this was Guy's most exciting sexual experience in his life.

At last the trio talked and through the tone of their languages they perfectly understood each other. Cleopatra gifted Guy and Veronica silver and gold plates and stuffs and Veronica had even the choice of bringing in necklaces, beads, anklets, earrings that she took fancy of. All of these in exchange to Veronica's Polaroid camera and the films and Guy's bomber jacket. Veronica instructed Cleopatra how to load the film and she was so happy that she learned how to use it so quickly. She was excited to show this to Marcus and definitely they would have their pictures taken. 

Soon Cleopatra's army escorted Guy and Veronica back to their helicopter and they bid them good-bye. They were so happy when their chopper began to ascend and once again after they came out of the thick cloud in the air, a vista of a good day Florida sun shine greeted them once again and they were back into the present. They couldn't believe what they had experienced. And when Guy brought the chopper into a graceful landing they looked behind their backs and saw the crate still there. Inside the crate were the gold and silver stuffs that Cleopatra had given them. It was hard to believe but it happened to them. It was a rich experience and now all that Guy could think of was propose marriage to Veronica and spend the rest of their lives with the riches that they had amassed from the land where a woman dubbed by Marcus Antonius as the Queen of Kings. 
