 I knew from the time I saw Hades that I, daughter of Demeter, would be his queen.

This may be an odd notion to have, as a child of Spring, but I knew that was my destiny. I knew that I was meant to be with him; that I was the only one who could bring light to his sad eyes. That I could bring Spring to his Underworld, and that I would rule beside him. 

I never told anyone this, naturally. I would never tell anyone that as a child I would have such feelings; such thoughts. No one would take me seriously anyway. I was only the daughter of the over-protective goddess of the Harvest. I was teased by all the other demi-gods in Mount Olympus for it; that, and for the state of my cloudy, thick curls and nutty-brown skin. My mother is always the color of fresh soil; and I inherited her complexion. Compared to the alabaster gods of Olympus, I felt like an outcast. 

Lord Hades made me feel beautiful.

Lord Hades was always beautiful to me; as a child, he would always bring me small almond flowers, which has the meaning "hope." He has always been the color of chalk; the pure, cold whiteness of his skin made him look like one of his citizens in the Underworld. His hair, including on his chest, face and arms; was the odd black of the night. His chest was broad and muscular- with all the power that a god should have. I remember my eyes linger on his chest that day I saw him in Olympus.

Lord Zeus had thrown me a celebration for my twentieth birthday. While he was my uncle (and in some rumors my father), he treasured on me as he did with many of his children. Many of the gods had come for the lavish party, and I was given the seat of honor sitting at Lord Zeus's feet. My mother beamed with pride as gods from all over Greece came to pay homage to me. I heard everything from ravings of about my beauty, to people singing praises for me and my gift of bringing Spring to the world. I smiled and acted like the gracious girl I was supposed to play, but I couldn't help but gasp when Lord Hades entered the hall.

Everyone was shocked by his presence, Lord Zeus included. The Wealthy one rarely left his kingdom, and his arora took up the entire room with his silence. Lord Zeus tried to bring the room back to gaiety by calling out to him. "Brother! You finally came for a visit! Come! Join us! We are celebrating the young Persephone's birthday!"

Lord Hades said nothing, but I felt his eyes on me. His eyes are like no color I had ever known; there are the color of a star dying in the sky. They hold a strange mixture of light, of darkness, and of everything in between. They stared into my soul, and I was held captive in his gaze. 

"What's that behind your back, brother?"

The entire room held its breath as they watched him. From behind his back he revealed a brilliant red tulip, kept alive in a little clay pot. Many of the other gods began to chuckle when they saw this humble gift. Some even made snide comments that the richest of gods was becoming cheap. However, this was no cheap gift by any means. Red tulips, in the language of flowers, is a declaration of love.

In front of all of Mount Olympus, he quietly declared his love for me. 

I rose from my seat, taking what seemed like the longest steps of my life to him. I took the potted flower from him, my eyes fluttering as I looked towards the ground. "Lord Hades is too kind..."

"Dear Persephone," his voice was low, like the purr of a lion. "It pales in comparison to how you radiate today."

He left soon afterward, not even staying long enough to speak with his brothers or sisters. My mother, the only other person who could know the meaning of the flower, was furious.

"Who does he think he is?!" She bellowed once we were alone in our quarters on Olympus. I sat timidly on my bed, never once removing my eyes from the beautiful flower. "How dare he give my daughter, my daughter, such a flower! He mocks me, that's what! Mocks me! I will bring this to Zeus and..."

I couldn't stop thinking about Lord Hades. My whole life, I had admired him, if perhaps I even loved him. This was a new love, however; it filled my chest with a fire that had never been there before, but consumed me with an incredible warmth that forced my body to shiver. 

I needed to go to him.

"Persephone!" My mother roared. She rarely became angry, but she was truly furious this night. "Swear to me that you avoid Hades at all costs! Swear to me!"

I swore to her; I told her I loved her and that I would be her good girl, and that I would stay away from Lord Hades.

That was the first time I ever lied to my mother.

I gave Iris a flower to bring to Lord Hades; an ambrosia. I knew while the messenger would be diligent, she would never know that I was returning his love. I told my mother that I was going to the field to dance (something I had done as a child and knew that would ease her mind), and my way down to the Earth. My heart was racing, but I knew that the field was near the border of the Underworld. He would have to see me there, he would have to meet me there. 

I only needed to take a few steps on the ground before I saw him. He towered over me, I could see his chest panting as his heart raced. As soon as I was close enough, he pulled me tightly into his arms. I breathed in his scent, my body gave into shuddering. I looked up at him, his eyes swirled like the cosmos. "You realize what we're doing is madness, don't you?"

"Madness be damned, my lord." My breath began to quiver as he brought his lips towards mine. "I am meant to be yours..."

He crushed me with his kiss, and all the while I felt the world slip from under my feet. I knew that I was being taken to the Underworld, but I couldn't care less. All I could care about was the feel of his lips on my own, his tongue penetrating my mouth as it explored each inch. I moaned; a lewd noise I had never made before. It only encouraged him, as he tangled his large fingers into my hair. I felt his manhood pressing into me, and I whimpered from the sensation. As a maiden, I had no experience with such things. I realized that this would be my first time...

"My lord," Our moment of passion was interrupted by a servant. I could not tell if they were living or not, as he was a man hunched with age. He smiled kindly, and his face seemed quite elderly. "Would you like me to prepare a room for our guest?"

"She is no guest, Anaxagoras. She is your queen." Lord Hades drew me up in his arms, I let out a small noise of surprise. The elderly servant seemed as surprised as I did. "Excuse me."

Lord Hades carried me throughout the palace, walking pass servants and piles of his treasures. I could only hear the sound of my own breath, and the pounding of my heart. He kicked open the door of his bed chamber with a force that would knock down a tree. He placed me gingerly on the bed, turning only to close the door behind us. As I lied on the bed, I watched him remove his robes; the way they slid down his taut, muscular form. I sucked in my breath, being exposed to his full manhood and feeling a tightness in my chest. He came onto the bed on all fours, crawling like an animal on top of me. I felt his hands work the fasteners of my tunic, pulling them away and pushing the cloth off my body. My breasts with my rosey pink nipples became exposed, and I felt them stiffen with the cool air. 

He began to squeeze them and my body rose to his touch. He took one nipple into his mouth, sucking on it rolling the bud in his mouth. I began to moan again, my body giving into quakes and shivers of delight. He pushed the robe out further, bringing the rest of my naked body to the cool air. His hands roamed down me, bringing them down to my virgin flower. He parted it with his fingers, rubbing the sensitive bud. My throat cracked with a cry of pleasure, and he silenced it by kissing me again. He prepped me by pressing his finger into me, working and moving deep inside me. My nails dug into his shoulders as I made lewd, incomparable noises into his mouth. He groaned in response. He removed his fingers and positioned himself on top of me. He broke the kiss, and I could feel my body going insane with need. "There's no going back now."

"Take me, my lord."

I felt him enter me, pressing and parting my flower. I sucked in air, whimpering and shaking as it penetrated my virgin walls. I could feel him tremor on top of me, his face becoming twisted in pleasure. He held himself for a moment, his voice cracking as he spoke. "F-Forgive me..."

He pulled back and slammed into me with full force. I let out a scream which he silenced with kisses again. He held me by the back of my head, violently kissing me as he took me. At first, it was painful. I felt my nether regions tighten as he made love to me. Then, as though as I had been hit suddenly with consciousness for the first time, the pain turned to insane pleasure. My hands dug into his hair, pulling him as close to me as possible and crying out wildly into his mouth. He grunted in response, bringing my knees over his shoulders. The effect of this allowed him to penetrate me deeper, and my eyes rolled to the back of my head in an inexplicable feeling of euphoria. My body began to tense, and I felt as if as though I were to explode. He tense as well, and he began to moan and cry declarations of undying love into me. I relished each one, and suddenly my body released; I climaxed for the first time in my life, and my lord filled me as I did. The sensation was indescribable, and I cried in a joy I had never felt before. 

I had never been so happy.

We remained entwined together for hours, his manhood still twitched and held in me. He kissed me all over; my face, neck, chest and hair. He kept telling me he would always love me, and that I would be his queen for as long as I would have him. I stroked his face and hair as he did, suddenly realizing I would never be free of the Underworld and its lord.

And I never wanted to return to the overworld.