 Thank you everyone for the kind words for the first chapter! I'm sorry for the delay, but I had a summer class for college that got in the way. 

*****

My first days in the Underworld were the happiest of my life. My lord Hades gave me anything my heart desired; jems, robes, perfumes; and at night he would take me into bed and make love late into the night. Anaxagoras, the gentle elderly servant from the night of my arrival, was kind enough to accommodate me with anything I could need. I was able to even to have fresh carnation flowers to decorate my hair as my crown. I was happy, madly in love, and thought that nothing could stop this happiness.

What I had not known, was that my mother had torn apart the world in search of me. She had ravaged the earth of its harvests, its warmth, and its life. Humans and animals suffered for it, and the world was forced to mourn with her. 

"M-My lord, please..." I was in my marriage bed; my legs straddled the waist of my love, and Lord Hades looked at me with his mysterious dark eyes and a small smile on his lips. He had held me by the waist to gently grind me across his hard manhood- never letting me penetrate, merely teasing me in my need. I had become addicted to him; to his physical prowess, his passion, his strength. He played my body as Apollo could play the lyre, only my mouth made the melody of desire. He leaned up, kissing me along my neck and jawline. He spoke heatedly into my neck "Tell me what you want, my queen..."

I flushed, biting onto my lip in frustration and wanting. I dragged my nails down his back, a trick I knew would make him groan in delight. "I want you to take me!"

Grinning, he lifted me slightly and reached between my legs. He took hold of his manhood, taking time to drag it across my lower lips. I whimpered, my body feeling hot with need. He then pressed the tip into my entrance, I let a hiss of pleasure out as I slowly sunk down onto him. His fingers gripped tightly into my hips as I did. We held for only a moment before moving, the delicious grind between us was enough to make my head spin. Guiding my body, I rode on top of him. He moved his hands to play with my breasts, to pinch and twist the sensitive nipples which caused me to squirm and shake. He moved a hand to the back of my neck, holding it firm so he could kiss me. His tongue made a familiar motion in my mouth and I could feel his breath became heavier. I cried into his mouth, and my hips became more frantic in moving on top of him. He responded by lifting his own off the bed, pounding into me with such a force I choked on my own breath. He gripped onto my buttocks so tight I could feel his nails driving into my skin. I loved the mix of pleasure and pain, and I could feel my body tightening as it was ready to release. I threw back my head and screamed as I came, followed by the sensation of him filling me with his seed. We collapsed in each other's embrace, kissing and stroking each other as we did. Once we could breathe normally again, I whispered to him over and over "I love you" and he returned each once.

"Well, that was quite a performance." 

Lord Zeus had appeared in the bedchamber, quietly sitting near the entrance to the door. I gasped, taking a sheet to cover my body as quickly as I could, moving behind Lord Hades. My husband remained calm as he addressed his brother. "My brother, it is a surprise that you join me in my kingdom. Had I known you were coming, we would have made ourselves a little more decent."

"Oh, you never need to make such a fuss for me," dismissed the King of the gods, "However, we must talk about this... Arrangement, you seem to have with Persephone."

There was a subtle flicker in Hades's eyes, but he never let it show on his face. "She is my wife now, and you can see we are quite happy."

"I do not doubt your happiness nor hers, Hades, however there is the issue of our sister."

My voice cracked as I spoke. "H-How did she find out?"

Lord Zeus turned to him, there was a spark in his eyes which were the color of clear skies after a storm. "Helios was in his chariot when he saw you. He had said that it appeared as Lord Hades had kidnapped you. Now that I've seen you, I doubt that is the case."

My face turned crimson. My stomach turned into knots as I listened to Lord Zeus describe how Mother would not let anything grow while I was missing, and now she held the earth hostage until I was returned. His main concern was not in punishing his brother, but ensuring that the earth be allowed to bloom again so that the creatures of the earth would not suffer any longer. "I am sorry, Persephone, but you will have to return to her."

"No!" I cried out. I stood on the bed, holding the sheet tightly to my body in order to cover myself. "I will not! I am Lord Hades's wife and his queen! I do not wish to return to the over world! Forgive me, Lord Zeus, but there must be a way for me to stay!"

Perhaps shocked at my passion, Lord Zeus looked at me for a very long time. I knelt back on the bed, and Lord Hades took me into his arms and kissed my forehead. After a period of silence, Lord Zeus spoke: "Then we have no choice but to trick your mother."

I dried my eyes, my brows furrowing. "My lord?"

"Demeter thinks that Hades has kidnapped you, and it is better if she does. If she had known you left her so willingly, she may continue to punish the earth for it." He leaned back into the chair, stroking his thick white beard. "However, if you were taken, then you are blameless. Made a wife 'against your will...' She would accept that more."

"But would she not then try to keep my husband away from me by keeping me above?"

"That's the trick; we need to be able to convince her that you must return to the Underworld, even if it is for only a short while." Lord Zeus smiled, in the way I had seen his mischievous son Hermes smile. "She would have to comply to that."

Lord Hades had been quiet, but his eyes swirled with what I knew was constant thought. I could feel his body tense and released as he let out a sigh. "I have a way."

I was then presented with the food of the Underworld in the shape of a beautiful pomegranate. My husband instructed me very carefully, telling to eat as many seeds as I could before I reached the surface of the earth. Lord Zeus was to escort me back to my mother, where he would tell her I would have to stay a month for every seed I consumed.

I cried as we said goodbye, and my love kissed me over and over. He told me that he would wait for me, and that we would not be parted for long. I tried to dry my eyes as best I could, plucking as many of the ruby-like seeds as I could and swallowing them whole. 

Mother sobbed as she took me into her arms. She held me so tightly I could barely breathe. I pretended that I was so relieved to see her, but in that moment I was so angry I could have burst. I feigned my ignorance perfectly when I was told about the seeds, and watched as my mother flew into rage when she realized I would have to go back to the Underworld. I could only count the moments until I would be allowed to return to my husband, and relinquishing being the Maiden for being the Queen.

After waiting six months, I was finally allowed to return. Hermes, who often guided dying souls to the land of the dead, escorted me on my journey. He did not fail to mention how "unfortunate" it was for him that I was now married to the King of the Underworld, when not only he but his half-brother Apollo had both put in a bid to marry me (but were both completely rejected by my mother). I said nothing to this, as my thoughts were all consumed with seeing my husband again. 

We stood at the edge of the entrance of the Underworld, my breath felt caught in my throat. "I must leave you here, cousin. I will return in six months time to bring you back to Olympus."

As we bid goodbye, my heart began to race. I began to make the long walk towards the River Styx. After being greeted by Ceberus and allowed to pass, I went across the River Styx, Charon graciously bringing me as "The Queen's presence has been deeply missed."

"My lady!" Anaxagoas greeted me heartily. He helped me off the boat, bringing me to the entrance of the palace. "Welcome home! Lord Hades is in the courtyard waiting for you."

I ran through the palace. The only thing I missed about the surface was the feeling of flowers springing under my feet as I went, but in this moment I couldn't care. With each step my heart beat harder, my breath became faster, and my eyes began to water. I began to pant, but I could see the open door. The smell of wet earth and the zinnia filled my nostrils. I jerked to a stop once I reached the courtyard, my heart had reached my throat. "M-My love?!"

Hades stared at me, holding a yellow zinnia in his hand. The steps he took towards me felt like they took forever, and my body began to quiver. The flower fell, and I felt swept into his arms again. I let out a cry of joy, tears coming down my face. He buried his face in the nape of my neck. I only peered over him to see he had filled the courtyard with hundreds of yellow zinnia.

"Daily remembrance."

He pulled my head back by my hair, kissing me fiercely. My legs pulled up on their own, wrapping around his waist as we dropped to the ground. I felt my robe slide down my thigh, and I felt his manhood pressing against me. His hands shook as he reached between us, pulling himself out and pressing into me. I gasped, the familiar sensation I had missed filling my entire body. He groaned, pressing himself into me and kissing all along my face and neck. My nails dug into his back, whimpering and pleading with him to continue. He began to move, taking me harder than he ever had. I felt every inch of him taking me and I began to cry in pleasure. He held me by my face, kissing me and telling me how much he missed me every day. I tried to speak, but I felt my breath flutter and grow shorter as I became closer to coming. I felt him tense, and we came together; his seed flooding into me as my womanhood squeezed around him. We held each other, and for the first time in six months, I was whole. 

I then swore to myself I would find a way to remain here forever.