 Part Three: Long Live the Queen 

Chapter Seven

ELENA 

She looked so much like Yavara, but it wasn't quite her. Her skin was tan, her hair black, her eyes were green, and her ears were rounded. She also was doing things that Yavara would never do. Yavara was adventurous, yes, but she wasn't this adventurous. I watched as the woman who called herself 'Trisha' showed off her new pet: Prestira Rasloraca. She couldn't be Yavara. The Yavara I knew was saving herself for a good man. The Yavara I knew spent her days practicing the bow and riding her horse. This human was just a cruel joke created by god to torment me in my failure. I got up in disgust and opened the door. Something stopped me. A familiar voice rang out, announcing the price of Prestira's body. I'd know that voice anywhere. I walked back into the bar, shouldering past an enormous orc who bolted the door shut behind me. Brock Terdini, I presumed. Goddamn he was huge, but a well-placed Nadi arrow would fell even the mightiest of beasts. I sat in the back of the room and concealed my face with my hood, nursing a drink to ease my nerves. I hoped it wasn't true. I hoped I was wrong. 

What came next was something I didn't expect. Trisha disrobed herself in front of the entire bar. The old consulate captain was right, Trisha was beautiful. The most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. I watched in horror as both man and beast took her and Prestira in every-which way. Never in my darkest dreams had I imagined such acts could be undertaken, and more incredibly still, that one could enjoy them. I wasn't averse to sex despite being a virgin myself, but this... this could hardly be called sex. "Demonic gangrape" might've been a good term, but Prestira and Trisha were far from being forced. If anything, Trisha seemed to be orchestrating the whole thing, and indeed, she commanded the room with such charisma that even I applauded from time to time. Yes, the things she did where disgusting and abhorrent, but there was a terrible beauty to it all. Was I aroused by it? It was difficult not to be, though I tried desperately to deny it. I could no longer when I watched Trisha make passionate love to a human girl no older than I. The way she moved... oh god, I almost got in line myself! 

When I asked a dwarf who she was, he simply shrugged his shoulders and said, "A whore, I guess. And the best damn one in the city!" A whore. That's all she was. Just a whore who looked and sounded so much like the woman I loved. I sat and watched the whore. I watched as she moaned and screamed until her voice was hoarse. I watched as her body bent and writhed with inhuman grace, as though she'd been born for no other purpose. I watched as man after man finished inside of her until she was outturned and overflowing. When the last customers left, and the sun had long since set, I waited. Waited for someone to screw up, to crack the façade. Then I heard it from the witch's lips: Yavara. A bolt of rage shot through me, and I drew my bow, unthinking, uncaring. Yavara. I fired a Nadi arrow right at Prestira's eye. Zander stopped it in the air, and the orc crashed into me. Dazed and near to vomiting with pain, my head was wrenched upright, and my eyes were filled with her. 

"Elena?" Yavara whispered, her eyes wide with shock. 

"You know this ranger, my queen?" Brock grunted as his weight compressed my ribcage. 

Yavara stuttered for a second, lost for words. I could feel my ribs cracking under the pressure of the orc, the air pushed mercilessly from my lungs. He suddenly jumped off me. Blood filled my mouth as my diaphragm re-pressurized, and I choked on desperate breaths. Brock's hands came down on my shoulders and pressed gently. He lifted me up, cradled me in his arms, then began walking me up the stairs. I was going to be raped. I was going to be raped and tortured, and turned into a mindless slave just like Yavara. I thrashed against him, biting into his fingers until I drew blood, but he didn't react. He opened the door and sat me on a chair, his hands still firmly subduing me. Prestira, Zander and Yavara walked in behind him, Prestira now wearing a silver cloak, Yavara wearing nothing but the leather boots she had on before. She regarded me with something akin to fear, and washed the filth from her body with a wet cloth as though to make herself presentable. 

"Elena, I'm going to make Brock let go of you. Can I trust you not to try to run away or attack my friends?"

My eyes clouded to hear her speak my name. I nodded. Brock walked to the opposite side of the room and collapsed in a heap. His eyes fluttered open, writhed around the sockets, then focused to stare threateningly into my own. 

"We should just kill her. If we let her go, she'll run to her masters and tell them of us. We can't keep her as a prisoner in this city; a missing ranger will attract attention. I say we-"

"Brock, shut the fuck up or leave the room!" Yavara shouted back at the orc. Brock's jaw hung open for a second before closing obediently. The entire interaction bewildered me beyond comprehension. Why was Yavara ordering her captors? For that matter, why had Brock collapsed as though he were a puppet whose strings were cut? But all those questions were blown to the wind when Yavara turned back to me, her eyes full of love, tears brimming on her lids. 

"I thought I'd never see you again!" She cried, and threw her arms around me. My own arms hung meekly at my sides. It wasn't just confusion or fear that stayed my affection, but the expression of the emotion itself. Being a ranger didn't lend many tender moments, and it felt awkward to be given such an open display of love. But then I remembered. Yavara; this was Yavara! I returned the embrace with all my strength, crying into her shoulder. We vented within each other's arms for a minute before Yavara finally pulled herself from me, her face wet with both our tears. 

"What did they do to you?" I asked, looking her up and down. 

Yavara laughed, wiping a tear from her eye. "They didn't do anything. Well Brock raped me-IN A GOOD WAY SIT DOWN ELENA." Yavara's hands pushed me with a strength I didn't know she had. My body flew into the chair as the dagger in my hand clattered on the floor. Yavara pulled me up into the chair, my body lifting off the floor with ease. She brushed a strand of black hair past her flustered cheek, and spoke. "OK Elena, we're going to let that one slide. Take your dagger back if it makes you feel safe, but trust me when I say you do not want to draw it again."

I slipped the dagger back in its sheath and sat upright in the chair. Yavara must've been under a spell, but she didn't act like she was. A possessed Yavara wouldn't know who I was. Still, it was Prestira Rasloraca and Zander Fredeon we were talking about; it wouldn't surprise me if they had coerced Yavara's entire life from her lips. I looked at the witch and the wizard, anger rising in my chest. "I don't know what kind of spell you fuckers put on her, but you better take it off! No bullshit! Let me speak to the real Yavara!"

Zander and Prestira exchanged a look with each other, then Yavara. Yavara turned back to me, her lips inches from my face. "I am the real Yavara, and I have no spell on me. Actually, that's not exactly true. Zander, can you take off my disguise?" 

The wizard lifted his finger and touched Yavara's cheek. Yavara's ears narrowed to points, her eyes turned from green to orange, but her hair and skin remained the same. I gaped at her, a pit of despair forming in my stomach. No, no, no! NO! Yavara took the satchel from my hip and withdrew a pinch of powder. She opened her mouth and consumed the magic-revealing substance, her body remaining unchanged as she did so. She smiled down at my shocked face, apparently quite amused by my reaction. 

"Oh, how rude of me, I forgot to introduce you all." She said cheerily, "Elena this Zander, wizard of the Great Forest; this is Prestira, Zander's ex-wife and witch of Ardeni; and this is Brock, leader of the Terdini orc tribe. Everyone this is Elena, my best friend, and ranger of the Highlands. Everyone say 'hi' to Elena."

"Hi Elena." Prestira and Zander said in unison. Brock continued to stare me down, and I remained silent. 

"Soooo, Elena." Yavara said uncomfortably, twiddling her fingers, "I bet you're confused as fuck right now." She laughed nervously, an insecure hunch to her shoulders. 

"Yeah..." My pulse was beating against my temples. 

"Do you know what all this..." Yavara gestured to her eyes and bronze skin, "...means?"

"I know what it's supposed to mean, Yavara. It just can't be true." My palms were slick and clammy. 

"It's all true, Elena. This is who I always was, I just didn't know it until a few days ago." 

"Yavara, if you are who you say you are... I'm a ranger, Yavara. Do you know what that means?" My vision was blurred. 

"That you have to kill me?" Yavara laughed.

"Yes." My throat was so dry. 

Yavara stooped over me, a crooked smile on her lips. She spread her legs and straddled my lap, her large breasts hanging in front of my face, her eyes gazing into my own. Her flesh radiated its heat against me, her hair grazed my cheeks, her scent wafted into my nose. I was gripped by the senses she enticed, stuck in a paralysis of horrible indecision. She made the decision for me. Yavara's gently grabbed my hand and guided it to my dagger. She guided my hand and the dagger to her throat, her orange eyes staring into me as she pressed the blade against her neck. 

"Are you going to do your duty, Elena?" Yavara whispered, leaning her face next to mine, "Are you going to kill the Dark Queen?"

Two years of ranger school screamed to push the knife in. This woman was the greatest threat to my homeland, the evil of all evils, the forerunner of the apocalypse. The sixteen years of friendship pleaded to let her go, to return to her father and bear the shame of my failure, to tell the lies she wanted me to tell so that she could remain safe. But Yavara was more than safe. She had acquired the alliance of two of the most powerful beings on earth and an orc tribe leader all in a few days. A few months and she could have an army. A few years, and she could have an empire. I pressed the blade harder, her skin pushing inward. Yavara's face remained confident, unaware that I was making up my mind. A drop of blood fell from the blade. Yavara's blood. I was going to kill my best friend. I was going to kill the person I loved most in the world. Memories flashed into my mind. Yavara and I were skipping school to go hunting. Yavara and I were racing each other on horseback. 

We were lying together in her bed, Yavara's eyes were wide as she told me about her ideal man. I looked back and pretended she was talking about me. Yavara kissed me on the cheek as I left for ranger school. I kissed her cheek and held her close. We were never going to be together like we were before; I would become a ranger, and she would marry a lord. The division in our lives would grow with each passing day until we were nothing but acquaintances, shedding memories of a friendship that had died long ago. But that was not to be the case. Yavara wasn't destined for a life of royal subservience. She was doing things I'd never thought she'd do. She kissed another woman right before my eyes; she didn't even think twice about it. She looked like she loved it. So many years I'd wanted her to kiss me like that, but I was always too afraid to initiate. And now here she was, naked and straddled across my lap, daring me to initiate. The blade fell from my hand and onto the floor. I stared up longingly into Yavara's eyes, baring everything in that one desperate look. Yavara smiled down at me, her fingers reaching upward to trace my lips. 

"I always knew you wanted me Elena; did you think I was stupid?" Yavara giggled. My face fell, my gaze lowering to the floor in shame. Yavara pulled my face up, her eyes brimming with love. 

"I wanted you too." Yavara's sweet breath was in my nostrils, "Maybe I didn't know it then, but I know it now; I know it with all my heart. How many years did we waste in mutual fear of the unknown, when we could have just reached out and taken what we wanted? When I transformed, all the pretense left me. That apprehensive girl who held out on so many good things is gone, Elena. You must have so many questions for me, but I just have one question for you, dearest friend: will you share my bed tonight?"

Yavara's fingers traced fire across my cheek. My heart beat frantically in my chest as she closed her eyes and lowered her lips to my own. Our mouths touched. I inhaled sharply through my nose, staring wide-eyed at her. I felt her tongue push from between her closed kiss and trace my sealed mouth. I was frozen in place, exhilarated and terrified of looking the fool. Even with her lips to mine, I was still a coward, still terrified of taking what I wanted. Yavara withdrew from me, her mouth smiling affectionately. 

"Is this your first kiss?"

"Yes." I gasped. 

"It's ok. My first kiss was just a few days ago. There's no shame in it. I can teach you."

Prestira, Brock and Zander slowly walked out of the room, closing the door behind them. Yavara locked her fingers with my own and guided me to Prestira's bed. I sat awkwardly on the edge as Yavara began taking off my armor. Every time my flesh was revealed, she kissed it, and I shuddered. Soon I was in nothing but my robe. She began to unbutton the front of my robe, the tops of my breasts slowly being uncovered. 

"Wait." I gasped, my hand shooting up to stop hers. 

Yavara smiled and brought her face to my own. Her lips pressed against mine and opened, then her tongue slid after. I couldn't breathe. Her tongue was gentle and wet, an invasion that tickled my gums, electrifying the nerves. She gently prodded my own tongue, encouraging me to play with her, her lips creasing in an open smile. My bulging eyes began to close, the shock fading, and the desire rising. I shyly moved my tongue to hers, not entirely sure what to do. She took control of the kiss, her lips and tongue guiding me, teaching me until I could confidently kiss her back. I placed a hand on the back of her head, my fingers running through her soft hair as she unbuttoned the rest of my robe. 

Yavara pushed the robe off my shoulders, the cold air forcing a shiver from my body. She pressed her warm flesh to me, so soft, so enticing, and lowered me onto my back. Her hand gently gripped my ass and guided it onto the bed, her elegant fingers sinking into my cheeks, coercing an ache deep within my sex. She played the part of the bigger spoon in our embrace, her stomach pressed against my back, one of her legs wrapped over my own. Her hand moved from my glute, caressing her fingers along my waist before hovering over my womanhood. Her mouth withdrew from my own, and I followed it mindlessly, yearning for her endless kiss. I'd been so lost in her mouth, that I'd hardly noticed the position she'd put me in. I opened my eyes to see her burning irises, their depths wrought with love and desire. She touched me, just a caress, but it was the first touch I'd ever known from another. My state of hyperawareness caused the mere graze to illicit a whimper from me, and I was unsure why. Such a weak sound to come from me, when I thought myself so hardened and calloused. Was it a plea? For what? For her to stop, or for her to keep going? 

"Do you want me to feel you down here?" Yavara whispered, drawing a single finger along my slit. Oh god, it was like my entire being was naught but the flesh under her fingertip, prickling with longing beneath her touch. 

"I've... I've never-"

"It's a yes or no question, Elena." Yavara teased while she continued to caress me. I felt myself opening, my petals blossoming and reddening to reveal the ovule within. Her finger became wet with my nectar, each pass only compelling more to flow. The aching within my depths intensified, the saturated walls pulsing with readiness. It was unbearable. I could feel the apprehension falling away, my internal armor shedding just as easily as my external shell had. Yavara cocked her head to the side, her other hand running though my hair, a knowing smile creeping across her lips. "Elena?" 

"Yes!" I cried in ardent surrender. Yavara laughed, kissed my neck, and sunk two of her fingers into me. A shot of pain arced from my penetration, and I cried out as I felt the warmth of blood leaking from between my legs. I pressed my thighs together, inadvertently trapping her hand between them. Yavara continued prodding into me, gentle whispers of encouragement spilling into my receptive ear. 

"The hard part's over, Elena. It's only good things from here."

I tilted my head back and gritted my teeth, waiting for Yavara's promise to prove true. Her thumb gently played with my clit while her fingers slid along my ceiling, searching for my weak spot. She found it. My skin prickled with gooseflesh even as it flushed, and I shivered even as I felt a wave of heat burn from within. Yavara's eyes were wild with excitement above mine, her teeth pressed zealously into her lower lip. I knew in that look what she wanted of me. She wanted to explore me, to find my hidden places, and to unlock the secrets within. It was a power game for her, and god help me, I wanted her to have that power over me. She pressed herself closer to me, her juices leaking onto my backside, her flower opening against me. I tentatively parted my legs, and watched her smile broaden. I smiled with her, and from that smile, I uttered my first moan. I did it for her, but I wasn't faking it. Yavara's promise had come true. 

Yavara gently sucked on my neck, her lips bringing the skin into her mouth. She did this on my collar bone, shoulder and then the tops of my breasts, each kiss a delight of wet sensation. I looked down to see little dark spots marking a trail that stopped at my nipple, where her tongue circled my areola below playful orange eyes. Her eyes shut, her lips closed, and she sucked from my nipple, coercing a shiver up my spine. I moaned freely, the sounds compelled from me in a low, pleading rasp. I knew now what my original whimper had meant. More, give me more! I shifted on the bed, my hips swaying to the compulsion of her invading fingers, my chest rising to press my breast against her face. Her free hand gently held my cheek, and I turned my face to take a finger into my mouth. She looked up from her nursing, an inquisitive glint in her eyes. I grinned mischievously, and sucked that finger. I didn't know why I did it; I was a novice in the ways of lust, and wanted to express my blossoming sexuality. I felt immediately foolish, and blushed to the roots of my hair. 

"I'm sorry." I muttered. 

"Sorry?" Yavara smiled, confused. 

"I didn't know if I was supposed to do that, or..." 

"Oh, Elena!" Yavara giggled, drawing herself up to my level. Her black hair drew a curtain around my face, framing her compassionate expression, "You have to let yourself go. No rangers in the bedroom; only beasts here."

"It's just..." I chewed on my lip, "you're a master at all of this, and I don't know what I'm doing! I don't want to disappoint-"

"Shh." Yavara said, placing her finger on my lips, "You could never disappoint me. I want you to experiment on me, to find your true self with my flesh." She crinkled her nose, "I want you to realize what a little pervert you really are, and I want you to ask me to fulfill all your dirty kinks." She regarded my lips, then pushed her finger into my mouth, "You see, Elena," She whispered as I wrapped my mouth around her, "there's nothing sexier to me than self-discovery. I'm beginning to realize this about myself, ironically enough. Nothing turns me on more than changing someone through sex." Her expression was steeped in dark desire, "And you, my dearest and oldest friend, the love of my life, are a blank canvas. You don't understand," her breath was heavy, "you're the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen, and I've never wanted anything more." 
