 LEVERIA 

Head-ranger Adarian knelt before me. I let him kneel for quite a while, my anger simmering silently in the throne room. "Rise." I finally commanded, "Explain yourself, Ranger." 

"My queen," Adarian said, rising to his feet, "our attack on the Terdini tribe was repelled. Brock Terdini was not present, but we did dispatch his wife." 

"I don't give a shit about his wife!" I said angrily, "How does an elite company of rangers lose to a pack of beasts?!"

Adarian paused. "You Highness, the Terdini are more than just a pack of-"

"I don't want to hear excuses, I want reasons, Head-ranger." I said, easing myself with a breath, "I'm not bringing into question your expertise or qualifications, but this is highly irregular. Rangers simply don't lose." 

"Elena Straltaira is with the Terdini. She knows our tactics inside and out. She organized the orcs into a successful counterattack."

"Elena," I sighed putting a hand on my head, "Yavara's dyke. I figured she'd joined her."

"She's changed." Adarian said. 

I peered at him from between my fingers. "Changed how?"

"She's dark like Yavara, but with blonde hair like us." Adarian cleared his throat, "And she has a penis."

"Come again?" 

"She has a penis." Adarian said in a matter-of-fact tone. 

"She has a..." I frowned, "Are you sure it's not a prosthetic? Maybe even a spell? There are quite a few toys a woman can use with another woman you know."

"I can assure you, Your Highness, it's very organic." Adarian looked uneasy, "I saw her using it to great effect." 

"Adarian, you peeping tom!" I laughed, "Tell me, how did Elena Straltaira finally get the penis she's always wanted?"

"I suspect Yavara did that somehow. I'm not sure what it means." 

"It means that Yavara has a method of turning high-elves dark and deformed." I said, "The ramifications of that are dire to say the least. What if Yavara sends back prisoners of war like that? Do I execute them as traitors? Do we put them in a zoo? The last thing I can do is let them be treated like people." 

"It's not for me to decide, Your Highness." Adarian muttered. 

"No, you're somewhat of a liberal about these things, aren't you?" I sighed, "Father always said you were more diplomat than a soldier."

"When you operate in hostile territory and are outnumbered a thousand to one, it behooves one to be diplomatic." 

"You're guerillas now, Ranger." I studied him carefully, "Your job is to keep the orcs in tatters until our army is ready to invade. Now Brock Terdini has doubled his force in a day, Drake Titus has turned Alkandran loyalist, Elena is hermaphroditic traitor, and Yavara and Prestira have escaped Ardeni Dreus right from under my nose." I chewed on my lip, "But how? Not through the city gates, and not over the wall. Not by ferry, nor by horseback. I have spies everywhere, and the bounty I put out made spies of half the world." 

"Drake Titus just collected a sum twice that of your bounty." 

"From King Dreus, on behalf of Yavara." I said, "But she was already gone by then... ah, how did I fall for that?!" I leapt out of my throne, and strode past Adarian, "Glendian!" I yelled, "Glendian, is that mirror I have with Sea Serpents working yet? I've got a big fucking fish for them to catch!" 

PRESTIRA

Yavara was tied to the mast of the ship, her hands bound above her head. Her face tilted upward with her teeth bared, an intense growl rumbling from her. She had elected to get her nipples pierced (by my suggestion), and I was now tugging on the chain between them. She let out pathetic moan as the toys in her ass and pussy were thrust viciously into her, their movements controlled by my mind. 

"This is how you wanted to learn telekinesis, Yavara, don't get mad at me." I teased. The vampires were all resting below deck to avoid the sun, leaving the entire open-aired part of the ship to us, save for Brutus who was steering the vessel. Yavara's thick thighs tensed as she let out a cry, her pussy gushing yet another orgasm as I beat her down. 

"Ah fuck you, Prestira." Yavara gasped, her back curving from the mast. 

"You can fuck me all you want once you gain control of those things inside of you." I snickered. 

"I'm not sure I'm getting the concept here," Yavara said with effort as she grinded her thighs together, "How is this different from telepathy?"

"You're not looking for a connection between you and the object," I explained, pulling Yavara's chain, "you're literally just trying to grab the object with your mind."

"Oh," Yavara muttered, watching her breasts stretch from her body, "I'll give it another try."

"I'm kind of hoping you don't get the hang of this yet." I smiled as I pulled out two giant dildos from my bag, "I've got all kinds of interesting things I want to try."

A hint of fear mixed with the excitement in Yavara's eyes. I pulled out the two dildos that were inside of her and levitated the bigger ones right beneath her holes. "Ready?" I asked, licking my lips. 

Yavara bit her lip, and nodded. Without resistance, I forced the toys into Yavara, her torso flexing with the sudden strain of penetration. She cried out, her eyes dulling in the heat of her pleasure, her brow knitting in concentration. I pushed the toys further into her, spinning them on their axis. Yavara's concentration broke, her eyes rolled up, and she moaned and gasped in turn, her cheeks flushing. Her arms strained under her weight, her bronze body curving away from the mast. When the toys entered her completely, her legs gave out, and she surrendered. I moved the lengths of the dildos in and out of her holes, her anus stretching from her body, unwilling to give up its meal, her pussy slickening its consumption as I played with her just how she liked. 

"You're not even trying anymore." I sighed. 

"Don't stop!" She cried. 

I pulled down hard on Yavara's chain, hoping it would snap her out of her sexual fugue state, but it only brought her more pleasure. She moaned in masochistic delight, biting her lip and giving me doe eyes to compel my abuse. I slapped her across the cheek, sending her head whipping to the side. She snapped her neck around and smiled.

"Please ma'am, may I have another?" She giggled. I slapped her again, a sharp cry spurting from her lush mouth. "Please ma'am, may I have another?" She screamed. I reeled my hand back and wrenched it forward. It didn't move. Yavara grinned broadly at me. "What's the matter Prestira? Don't you want to hit me?"

"Nice job Yavara! Now we need to-" my hand whipped around and struck me in the face.

"We need to do what?" Yavara smiled. 

I pushed the toys so deep into her that they disappeared completely. Yavara's head tilted back, her mouth expressed her violating joy, but she never broke her imperious stare. My body was lifted into the air, and my clothes were ripped from me. Yavara held me in suspension and spread my legs, leaving me dangling upside down. The contents of my fun bag were spilled onto the deck, and I gazed down in fear as the Dark Queen picked her instruments of torture. 

"Ooo, what does this do?" Yavara asked as she raised a toy to her eyes. It was conical corkscrew, the edges dulled, but the base wide. There was no way I was letting her put that in me. I focused my entire being on the floating object, letting the toys inside Yavara fall freely from her gaping holes and splat onto the deck. It was no use; she was already stronger than me. Much stronger. I strained with all my might, but Yavara advanced the plug without a hitch. My sorceress's pride would've normally compelled me to never give in, but I'd given Yavara my pride too many times for it to count for much. 

"Yavara, stop! You win!" I pleaded. 

"I know, I'm just claiming my prize." Yavara teased as the plug came closer and closer to me. 

"Yavara, stop!" 

"No." She smiled. The rubber point pressed against my sphincter. 

"Stop!" It began to rotate as it entered me. "Yavara!" But she wouldn't relent, and I felt every edge of the screw as it stirred my rectum, reaming me to ruinous levels, mingling ratcheting pain with unbearable ecstasies. Oh, why couldn't I just have normal sex anymore?! But the thought vanished as the plug entered me completely, and the epiphany of my debasement was realized. I wanted it like this, truly I did. Just as long as it was her doing it. But oh god, did it hurt! Why did she make the pain feel so good?! 

"Oh Prestira, did I hurt you?" Yavara smiled, "I'm sorry, I'll make it up to you." 

Yavara's luscious wet lips wrapped around my clit. I moaned as she sucked, her mouth pulling backward and stretching my flesh from me, toying with my bead behind pursed, grinning lips. The plug in my ass continued its methodical rotation, stretching me open, rubbing against the same tortured nerves over and over and over! Soon, I was crying my pleasure to the sky, my belly flexing with convulsions, rivulets of sweat running down my breasts, gleaming in the noon sun. 

"Ship!" Brutus yelled from the wheel. I snapped from my sexual fugue state, and looked up to see three massive masts approaching us at intercept speed. They bore black sails with a red snake embroidered in their center. 

Sea Serpents! I exclaimed to Yavara.

Shit. Yavara said, and lowered me to the deck. It all happened so fast. Our fleet moved into a counterattack position, but the pirate vessel navigated through the ships with ease, sending blasts of flame onto the decks of the vampire ships. I shot quenching spells onto the burning hulls to save the vulnerable vampires below deck while Yavara shot into one of the pirate's minds and sent him on a rampage. The other pirates cut him down before he could do much damage, but Yavara grabbed another, and charged him into his shipmates. It was too late. The pirate vessel ran the length of our broadside, and five massive harpoons blasted through the hull of our ship. I could hear the shrieks below deck. The pirates reeled us in from chains connecting the harpoons until our hulls coupled with a deep thud. I sliced at the chains with arcane fire while Yavara's mind raced from man to man. A volley of arrows came down on us, and I threw up an arcane shield just in time. The pirates poured onto the deck, headless of the men stabbing them in the back, charging right for us.

"Use telekinesis!" I screamed at her, gritting my teeth as arrow after arrow tested my arcane shield. Yavara threw out her hands, and the leading four men were sent hurtling into the ranks behind, knocking them over like dominoes. She picked one man up and launched him screaming into the sky, then another she splattered against the mast. Brutus came roaring into the pirate flanks with club in his hand, and disappeared into the fray. They were swarming now, losing shape, filling the deck with too many bodies. A grinning dwarf burst through my shield, and I ended the spell just in time to disembowel the intruder with a laceration incantation. Another volley of arrows rained on us. Yavara shrieked out, a haft protruding from her breast inches from her heart. She collapsed onto the ground in agony. Unthinking, I rushed to her aid. Then four strong hands were grabbing me, and something came down on my head. Then, there was nothing. 

YAVARA

The arrow was deep in my breast, blood flowing freely from the wound. I coughed wet iron, my throat flooding. The vampires came flowing from below deck, covered head to toe in black clothing. They moved like ebony blurs, passing right through the pirates and turning them into clouds of red. I grabbed a mental hold of one of the men dragging Prestira and made him kill the other. One of his comrades put a hatchet in the back of his head and continued to drag the woman away. I feebly titled my head up and launched the kidnapper into the sea. Another one grabbed hold of the witch and continued to drag her. The black cloaks of the vampires obstructed my vision, preventing me from seeing what my mind searched for. Severed limbs flew, guts and awful splattered on the deck, and the black blurs advanced toward the pirate ship like mist. A salvo of flame-shot burst from the torches on the pirate vessel. The clothes of the vampires were burned off them, and the exposed flesh hissed and melted in the sun. Screams sounded from all around, horrible and agonized, beautiful faces half-crisped and smoking before my eyes. Our ship lurched to its side as the harpoons disconnected. The Sea Serpent vessel keeled and sailed away, the oars pulling it further. I reached out with my mind, focusing on its bow, pulling back with every atom between me and it. It slowed down for a second, but I wasn't strong enough to stop it. Its massive sails caught the wind and swelled, and the ship grew smaller, and smaller, and smaller. I felt gentle hands take me and carry me below deck. I screamed out for them to chase the pirate vessel, but they didn't listen to me. I screamed and screamed, tears streaking down my face. What was I screaming about? Who were these people? Where was I? The ceiling began to spin, my vision began to fade. A concerned face blurred above me as the world went black.

Prestira, I'm so sorry.

PRESTIRA 

"Wake up sleepy-head." A gravelly voice teased as I ebbed into consciousness. My wrists and ankles were bound, and my fingers were entwined. I looked down to see a syringe was protruding from my forearm. Captain Timothy Two-Shot stood over me, his glass eye looking in the opposite direction, a cigarette smoked from between his lips. "Prestira Rasloraca, you have made some powerful enemies."

"I've made some powerful friends too, Tim," I murmured as I sat upright, "and they'll be coming after me."

"The vampires don't have a ship fast enough to catch us," Tim said, smiling, "but you don't need them to, do you? You just need to wait out until nightfall, and then you can reveal your true nature and slaughter my crew. That was your plan, wasn't it?"

I tried to keep the despair off my face, but Tim's widening grin told me I'd failed. I looked down at the needle sticking in my arm. 

"When we heard you and Yavara were aboard Titus's ship, we figured he bit you. I mean, Titus wouldn't just join you if you didn't give him something in return, right? So we performed a little test, and lo and behold, the Witch of Ardeni has become a day-walker. We injected you with a garlic solution; you can't turn on us anytime soon."

I laughed helplessly. "So what now, Tim?" 

"Well Prestira," Tim said as he crouched down to eye level, "my crew was really hoping we'd get Yavara. There's a half-million-dollar price on her head, but you're the next best thing. What happens now, Prestira, is you're going to Bentius to answer to Queen Leveria Tiadoa."

"Yavara will make you a better offer than anything Leveria can give you." I said weakly, "We have millions stashed away on our ships."

"So I heard," Tim laughed, "but I'm not making an enemy of a nation as powerful as the Highlands to join your doomed cause." Tim pulled out two small gems from his coat. "Do you know what these are?" 

I nodded. They were neuron disruptors. They would prevent me from using my magic even if I got my fingers free. Tim placed them on my temples. The gems spun rapidly, growing hot, then searing as they drilled their way into my skull. My eyes watered in pain and I cried out, collapsing onto the floor. I watched my blood-connections between Titus and Yavara disappear from my mind. I was alone. 

Tim tilted my head upright by the chin. He was grinning broadly now, his rotten yellow teeth black around the gums. "There's some fellas here who've been dying to make your acquaintance, Prestira Rasloraca. You'll not want for quality company while you're aboard my ship. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. The Sea Serpents are always happy to accommodate our guests."

Two men grabbed me by the shoulders and dragged me from the cabin. They pulled me across the deck until we reached the hatch, and then pushed me down the steps, my body tumbling roughly to the wood floor. My eyes adjusted to the darkness of the hold. I wish they hadn't. This was a slaver's vessel, and the crew had taken it upon themselves to "train" the slaves. At least thirty elf women and twenty Ardeni human women were in holding, their bodies secured like cattle in stockades. The smell was horrific, but the screams were worse. Those that weren't being tortured were being raped, and the unlucky few were receiving both accommodations. 

"These will be your quarters, Prestira." Sneered an orc, "I hope they're to your satisfaction."

"They could use some drapes, maybe a few decorative pillows-" my witty comment was cut short by vicious slap across the face. My head spun to the side, my neck straining with whiplash. I was dragged into a pen between two dawn-elves who were being filled by three men each. Their emerald eyes were glazed over, their scarlet hair was matted and crusted, and their olive flesh was marred with scores of welts, bruises, and burns. They operated instinctively, their minds long gone. They writhed and screamed and gushed their orgasms, then obediently swallowed what had been deposited in their mouths, and opened for the next man. 

The orc chained my wrists to a loop in the deck, then bolted my ankle shackles to the floor. I was forced in a bent over position, my legs spread wide. The pen gate shut behind me, and the bolt snapped into place with metallic twang. It was then that I fully realized my situation. I was going to be raped and tortured, and no one was going to save me before it happened. I hadn't come to terms with reality until it was staring me in the face. Reality was a young scarred human with a ring-gag in his hands. 

"Open your mouth." He commanded. 

I shook my head. A whip sliced across my back. I screamed, my spine bowing away from the pain, my belly touching the filthy floor. 

"Open your mouth." He said again. I complied this time, knowing they would keep whipping me until I submitted. The ring-gag was roughly forced between my teeth and strapped behind my head. 

"Think of it as bitch training-wheels," the human sneered, "after a while, you won't need it anymore. Isn't that right, Twenty-Three?" He asked the dawn-elf beside me. 

"It's true!" She smiled stupidly, her gaping mouth expiring moaning pants, her hips rocking as she took two men to the hilt, "After a while, you just give up. It makes it so much better." 

"That's a good girl, Twenty-Three." The man stuck a thumb in her mouth, "Our newest slave is called Fifty-One. She'll be your roommate until we get to Bentius." 

Twenty-Three sucked her master's thumb, moaning delightedly to be to be so attended by him. Her slender olive body was hogtied with crude rope, her wrists and ankles bound together at her tailbone, the suppleness of her flesh revealed by the tautness of her binds. Her eyes were glossed and unseeing, the light behind them gone. I didn't know how long it took them to break her, but I wouldn't give in easily. There had to be hope. Yavara was coming for me. 

The human dropped his pants and pulled out his cock. I'd hoped the vicious bastard was just compensating for something with his cruelty, but I was wrong. He smeared his fat stinking junk all over my face, leaving his scent stuck in my nostrils. Then he placed the head of his cock against my open mouth, and drove in. I gagged involuntarily, my throat closing around the revolting meat ravaging it. He gripped the back of my head and forced it forward, pressing my nose into his loins, making me choke until I surrendered to him. There was no use in resisting, not when each gag just made it a tighter fit for him. I opened my throat as I had done for my lovers, and let my rapist have it. Again, and again he buried himself into my neck, groaning with his fists in his hair, squishing my face against his crotch. I swallowed around him each time, trying to finish him as quickly as I could. 
