 PRESTIRA

They tortured me all day. Hours and hours, I begged like a whore for them to make me come, but they just drove me to the brink, then stopped. They injected me with more poison when they were done, worsening the torment tenfold. I humiliated myself just for a touch; not even a fuck, but a caress, a slap, a punch. Every part of me was electrified, my nerves raging beneath the flesh, my synapses overloaded with sensation. I wasn't Prestira anymore; I told them as much. "My name isn't Prestira, it's Fifty-One!" I cried when they asked who I was. I pissed all over myself just because they told me to. I enjoyed doing it. I enjoyed the humiliation because it meant they were paying attention to me, feeling me, penetrating me. They pet my head and told me I was a good girl. They promised to reward me. They said they'd let me come if I did something for them. 

They took me up to the captain's cabin. They chained my wrist shackles to the floor and bolted my ankles shackles with them, forcing me into a squatted position. Master Timothy Two-Shot came over to me. I begged for his cock. He sneered, and like the wonderful master he was, he pulled out his stinking meat and smeared it across my face. I quivered with delight, aroused beyond description to be so degraded, to have his scent saturate my sinuses. When he finally pressed his tip to my lips, I nearly cried with relief. I took him with a desperation I'd never known, worshipping every inch of him with my lips, tongue and throat. I stayed pressed against his crotch, swallowing continuously, massaging him with the muscles of my neck as I slurped his base. He tasted like he hadn't washed in weeks. I'd never tasted anything so decadent in my life. 

"Well, well, Fifty-One, you're feeling friendly, ain't 'cha?" He laughed, stroking my hair. 

I nodded around my consumption, unwilling to relent even an inch of him. I'm just your filthy cum-slave, Master. Please reward me for being such a good whore!

"I have a special task for you." Master Two-Shot said, "I need you to give a friend of mine some information. If you make her happy, she'll let you come. Does that sound fun?"

I nodded excitedly, keeping Master's meat in my mouth. 

"That's a good girl, Fifty-One. Now, I'm going to pull out, because you'll need to answer some questions." He withdrew, and I cried out in dismay. "Don't worry girl," Master said, soothing me back to complacency with a stroking hand, "we'll fill up every one of your holes later."

Master moved out of the way, revealing the body-length iron-framed mirror behind him. There was a woman's face in the glass. She looked familiar, but I didn't know from where. She was a high-elf, her hair nearly white, her lips sheened red, her hooped earring dangling from her pointed ears. She wore an extravagant cream dress split with a neckline that extended to her pelvis, revealing the enticing expanse of her silken belly, and the inner portions of her ample breasts. She could be my mistress if she wanted. 

"Prestira Rasloraca," the woman smiled kindly, "I've been waiting to meet you for some time."

"She goes by the name Fifty-One now." Master Two-Shot said to the woman.

"Oh," the woman raised her brows, "I must commend you on your results, Captain. I thought her will would be stronger than this."

"She was tough," Master chuckled, "but they all break in the end. Ask her anything." Master pulled out a chrome cone from beneath his desk. It had a dull point, and was about six-inches wide at its base, and nine inches long. He placed it underneath me, the cold metal point pressing against my hot anus. I shuddered. I wanted to sit on it, to have its full length inside of me, to feel it stretch me until I tore, but Master kept me in the squatted position, and I had to obey Master. 

"Fifty-One," the woman asked me, "do you know who I am?"

"Master's friend." I responded.

"That's right," she smiled, "but I'm also a friend of someone you know. Do you know Yavara Tiadoa?"

"Yes." I said, barely containing my mounting arousal. Oh, the way the point felt against me, pressing into the delicate filthy flesh of my shithole, teasing the pain, the pleasure. 

"Well I'm her sister, and I'd very much like to know what you know about her. Every time you tell me something I like, your master will let you sit a little deeper on that cone. Think of it as a game; do you like games?

"Yes!" I cried with need, my pussy dribbling nectar down my spread legs. I needed it!

"Good," Mistress Leveria smiled, "where is Zander Fredeon?"

"With the Terdini at the Gorge." I responded, looking up at Master hopefully. He pushed down on my shoulders, forcing the cold point hard into my center, opening me, entering me. I shuddered with delight, my rim stretching deliciously with the shaking depression of my squat. I could feel the strain now, the slow escalation of pain that made the pleasure so much greater. He kept pushing, and I kept moaning. Eventually I was screaming, opened beyond what I thought my limits were, but I'd been trained all day, and the poison that ran through my veins elasticized my vile exit. My head flung back, and I let out a euphoric squeal. Master stopped me half way down. 

"Thank you Master!" I screamed. 

I heard Mistress Leveria laughing. It was a sound that was simultaneously melodic and sardonic, like girl's titter void of all compassion. Such cruelty she was capable of; oh, how I wanted to be the subject that cruelty! Her mirth waned, her lovely features relaxing back into their amused set, her blue eye twinkling with pleasure. Her hand had snaked beneath the hem of her dress, and she touched herself as she watched me. "What is your relationship with Zander Fredeon?" Mistress Leveria asked. 

"He was my husband!" I cried, my thighs grinding together with need, their inner portions saturated with my secretion. 

"Oh?" Mistress Leveria seemed surprised, "Then you must know everything about him."

"Yes!" I cried, "I'll tell you whatever you want to know!"

"Why did he betray the Highlands?" 

"He never worked for the Highlands! His only betrayal was that of Alkandi, and he's been trying to fix it ever since." I said rapidly, wanting to get this cone deeper inside me as fast as possible. 

"How has he lived this long?" Mistress Leveria pressed.

"He was granted agelessness by Alkandi's astral spirit! Alkandi hasn't moved on, it's why she keeps coming back!"

Mistress Leveria pondered that for a moment. "What is Zander's greatest weakness?" 

"Me!" I screamed desperately. Mistress Leveria nodded to Master, and he pushed down on my shoulders again. Oh, sweet pain, sweet pressure and pleasure! I lowered my head and watched the cone disappear into me, appallingly fascinated by the sight of my own defilement. How did I do it? How could I do this to myself? But I knew the answer, and the questions blurred from my mind as the inferno raged in me. Microtears formed in my rectum, sending felicitous bolts of agony deep in my nethers. I gritted my teeth against the whine that hissed from my chest, a plea with myself to stop, to keep going, to ruin my shithole until I died of the greatest torture a woman could know! I squatted deeper, voracious in my masochism, feeling the cold point part my tender innards and make way for the excruciation that followed. It pressed against my cunt from the other side, thinning the membrane between my holes until I thought it might rend. Master grew impatient, and pushed me all the way down. My face snapped to the ceiling, my eyes trembling and gaping, my ovoid mouth coughing on a scream I could not give voice to. My vision hazed red, my blood beat in my ears, and I was nothing, nothing but the purest note of sensation. Agony and ecstasy suffused, my insides ruptured and raped to uncover such heinous delights. I came down from the precipice with a screech, wracked with spasms, convulsing and thrashing like an animal. My anus was open and quivering with tension, crowning the metal base that I'd sucked so ravenously into my insides. Mistress Leveria gawked at me, her pinky finger tracing her agape mouth, her other hand doing its work beneath her dress. 

"Fifty-One," Mistress Leveria said though her groans of pleasure, "do you still love Zander?"

"Yes!" I moaned, "I never stopped loving him!"

"Would you kill him for me?" 

"I could not! I would try for you Mistress, but I would fail! He's too strong!" 

Mistress Leveria narrowed her eyes. "I thought you said you were his weakness." 

"Because I'm the only one who made him forget about Alkandi." My head was light, drifting through the stages of consciousness, "Because I was the only other one he ever loved." 

A thin smile curved across Mistress Leveria's face. She nodded to Master. 

Master pulled out a fistful of long thin glass rods. He ran the length of one through my slit, the tantalizing cold sating my heat, the glass surface smearing with my lust. I panted with need, my eyes begging, my bottom lip quivering. He grinned down at me as he slowly pushed the rod deep inside. I whimpered when it touched my cervix, the cold tip threatening to invade my deepest sanctity. He held it in place while he pushed another one to equal depth. The rods began to vibrate, and my splayed squatting legs began to tremble. Each rod he pushed inside only exacerbated the vibrations, sending shocks of pleasure deep into my nethers, through the channels of my sex and into the holy chamber within, desecrating even that. Soon, I was filled until my lover's lips were stretched thin to hold their contents, and my pussy was quaking with the nine rods imbedded within, each one pressing against my bottom. So deep, so deep! My head fell between my shoulders, and my brow furrowed in concentration as I watched the lass rod slowly ascend into me. The bunch of rods left me gaping grotesquely, my cunt nearly a circle of birthing glass tips, each one leaking droplets of my detestable pleasure. A puddle was forming between my heels, running along the cracks in the floor and circling the base of the cone that pierced me. My vision was a monochrome of red, my mind a chaos of ecstasy so terrible that I thought I'd die of it. 

"Thank you, Mistress!" I sobbed. 

"No, Fifty-One, thank you." Mistress Leveria smiled, "But I still need a little more information. Tell me about the powers Yavara has."

"I've taught her indoctrination and telekinesis. She is born with inferno and arcane shield as well, but has not yet realized them." My voice sounded like it came from someone else.

"And this transformative ability she has?" Mistress Leveria asked, "What she did to Elena?" 

"I do not know that nature of it." I was drooling freely, unable to keep my mouth closed.

Mistress Leveria's brow furrowed. "How many men does Yavara have under her command?" 

"The Terdini, but Zander told me that they were going after the Protaki next. There are five-hundred vampires in Titus's clan."

"That's all?" 

"All that I know of Mistress!" I said through gritted teeth.

Mistress turned to Master Two-Shot. "Captain, I will take charge of the interview from here on out. Your presence is no longer required. Please bring in five of your most loyal to assist me."

"Just who in the fuck do you-" 

"Thank you, Captain." Mistress Leveria said tersely, a thin smile creasing her face. Master Two-Shot grunted, then stomped from the room. Mistress Leveria turned back to me, a wide smile on her face. I smiled back, my shoulders hunching in excitement as I heard five pairs of footsteps thundering from the other side of the door. The door opened, and the masters from below walked in. They were missing eyes, teeth and limbs, but their scars only made them more handsome to me, and the sadistic sneers on their faces may as well have been the gentle smiles of my lovers. I looked back to the mirror to thank my mistress, but she was gone. There was only me staring back from the mirror. I didn't recognize myself. My black ringlets were in snarled tangles, my fair complexion was marred with weals, scratches and bruises, and my face was a raccoon's portrait of abject lechery, glazed with myriad fluids. There was a flash of green behind Master Two-Shot's death, and Mistress Leveria stepped into the room. She was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. She was like an angel backed with the portal's green aura, her subtle hourglass figure carried with the unmistakable elegance of royalty. She wore a kindly smile on her delicate face, but the truth was revealed in her sapphire eyes, full of cruelty and desire. I almost melted at the sight of her. 

"Prestira Rasloraca, in the flesh." She smiled at me, pacing around my chained figure. I felt her fingers graze my spine as she walked behind me, and I quivered. "I've heard so many stories about you. They say you were the true ruler during the last regent's reign, making you the most powerful woman in the Lowlands. The most powerful person, actually." Mistress Leveria stopped before me, tilting my chin upward with gentle fingers, "Now look at you, covered in piss and cum, and god knows what else. Do you like what these men do to you?"

"Yes Mistress." I whispered, delicately sliding myself up and down on the cone, "I loved it." 

Mistress crouched to my level, her breath caressing my nostrils. "You're just a bitch in the breeding kennels." Her hand traversed my throat, "But this little doggy bites, doesn't she? I've heard you're a vampire. Is Yavara as well?" 

"Yes." I leaned into her touch, "We're both day-walkers now. It was Titus's condition."

Mistress's fingers traced my clavicle. "Are you both Drake Titus's blood-daughters?" 

"Yavara is mine." 

Leveria raised her brows. "I suppose she is in need of a new mother. Now, I know you can kill a vampire with sunlight, but my rangers operate in the daytime. Can you tell me any other ways you can kill a vampire that I don't know about? Something that my rangers can use?"

"Nadi wood through the heart will do the trick." I whispered, my entire focus naught but the tip of her fingers as they traversed my belly. Her hand stopped over my occupied womanhood, gingerly took the tip of one rod, and pulled it out of me. My pelvis tilted with the motion, relief suffusing with pleasure, my compacted rectum clenching around its burden. 

"Now I understand why the say bitches are 'in heat.'" Mistress Leveria muttered, inspecting the dripping rod in her fingers, "It's almost too hot to touch with my bare hand." She extended the rod to my lips, and I sucked it, tasting the decadence of my own perversions. She withdrew the rod, and let it clatter to the floor before me. She pulled out the rest with equal ceremony, making me taste myself each time. When it was done, my womanhood was left yawning and swollen, unable to contract to its former position. Used and loose, but oh, still so sensitive! I felt the vacancy like a removed limb, my body craving to be filled once more. 

"Please Mistress!" I hissed, "I've been a good girl!" 

"Such a good girl." Mistress Leveria crinkled her nose affectionately. She stood to her full height, her expression set in an imperious glare. I withered beneath it, wanting and fearing her cruelty in equal parts. "Gentlemen, we have an unclaimed bitch in the kennels. Whichever stud marks her first, gets his pick of her holes." 

The five masters laughed as they undid their belts, and pulled out their cocks. I was dumbstruck by the sight of them. So many delicious cocks, held delicately in callused hands, their swollen heads aiming at me, their tips opening. Like a marble statue in a fountain, I was doused in five showers of urine, the hot streams bathing my breasts, belly, thighs and face. I lifted my head to catch a stream in my mouth, jutted my chest to let it splash upon my breasts, undulated splendidly as the acrid golden waste cascaded down my body, the rivulets traversing my curves to drip between my spread legs. I could've bathed in their degradation for an eternity, but their bladders ran out, and I was left soaked in my squatting position, my black hair matted to my scalp. I turned my eyes back up to Mistress Leveria. 

"Thank you, Mistress." I said with hushed reverence. The shower was a welcome diversion, but it did not sate my mounting need. I stared up at Mistress Leveria with big begging eyes, waiting for her word. 

She stepped through the puddle of urine, then crouched before me, soaking the hem of her dress. "I'm going to unlock you shackles now. No matter how badly you want to, you must not touch yourself. Do you understand?" 

"Yes Mistress." 

She unlocked my shackles, freeing my raw wrists and ankles, letting cool air and hot piss mingle upon the flesh. The sting was sweet, but my attention was divested to the twin sapphire eyes before me. "Lean forward." She whispered. 

I did, groaning as I felt the cone slowly exit me, pulling on my clinging anal walls, the delicious pressure releasing in its wake. I let out a soft cry when the tip finally came out, and I felt the ship's draft through the gape it left. I didn't think it would ever close again. I hoped it didn't.

"Turn around." Mistress said gently, "Bend over." She commanded when I did. "Spread yourself." Her voice was edging with excitement. I rested my face against the wet floorboards, rocked forward on my knees, and opened my cheeks. "Can you wink for me, Fifty-One?" Mistress Leveria's kind voice asked me. I smiled over my shoulder as I clenched and unclenched, the hole barely contracting, the pink cuff of my sphincter left loose and exhausted. I needed it to be filled. I needed as many cocks as possible to be pushed into it. I mewled pathetically, gyrating my piss-soaked ass before my mistress, my eyes begging for her reward. 

"Please Mistress!" I panted, "I've done all that you've asked!" 

"We're almost there, pet." Mistress Leveria said kindly, her fingers softly tracing my yawning holes, "but you have to do one last thing for me."

"Anything!" I screamed. Her finger traversed the space between my holes, tormenting the swath of flesh with her gentleness. I whined and hissed, my hips rotating, my pelvis tilting to present. Mistress Leveria's finger left my taint, the absence of her touch more prominent than the touch itself. She crouched before me once more, and placed her hands on the sides of my head. 

"I'm going to take off these inhibitors now. I trust you to be an obedient pet, and not hurt me. Are you going to hurt your mistress?"

"I would never!" I said, groveling at her feet, "I would never hurt you, Mistress."

"I believe you." She smiled dotingly. I let out a pained murmur as I felt the stones leave my temples, warm drops of blood running down the side of my face. A connection immediately shot from my mind and forked in two directions. Two voices called for me, one female and one male. I recognized them, but I didn't know who they were. They weren't my master's voices. 

"Mistress, people are talking in my head."

"Your blood-kin call for you. Ignore them." Mistress Leveria took my head in her hands, her fingers so gentle, so cruel. My head felt like it weighed a ton, and I gave myself to her cradling touch. "The only voice I want you to hear is mine. Now Fifty-One, I need you to drink something for me." 

"No more poison!" I whimpered. 

"No, no more." Mistress Leveria produced a vial. I recognized it immediately, but I didn't care. I opened my lips, and let her pour the contents onto my awaiting tongue. "Relax, Fifty-One." Her voice slipped into my receptive ear, "There is nothing but the sound of my voice. Nothing in this mind of yours but you and I." 

I broke the connections between Yavara and Titus, filling my head with blissful silence. Leveria eased herself into a chair, and beckoned me forward. I crawled on all fours to her, my body drooping demurely, my hands splashing in the urine. She spread her legs and pulled up her dress, revealing the tight bald slit between her porcelain legs. So small, so delicate; nothing like my grotesque cunt. I dared not mar her flesh with my underserving hands, but with the utmost care, I dipped my face between her legs, and gently probed the pearl beneath her royal hood with my tongue. Her thighs quivered, and she hissed in appreciation. It was the greatest honor anyone had ever bestowed upon me. 
