 Part Six: Knocking Them Over 

Chapter Seventeen 

ELENA

The sound of morning birds chirping roused me. Destiny curled up closer to me in her sleep, murmuring softly. I relaxed in my position, savoring the feeling of her lying partially atop of me, her thigh pressed against my morning wood. A familiar hand caressed my cheek. I looked up to see two burning orange irises staring down at me. 

"Hi Elena." Yavara giggled, "I see you made a new friend."

"Yavara!" I exclaimed.

"Shh," Yavara whispered, putting a finger to my lips, "I don't want to wake the sleeping beauty in your arms. Where did you find her?"

"You don't recognize her?" I smiled slyly. 

"I think I would remember a woman who looked like that."

"Destiny," I cooed into the sparkled woman's ear, "it's time to wake up."

Destiny's eyes fluttered open, and glanced up at Yavara. She gave me a tired smile. "I told you she'd come back. Hi Yavara."

"Destiny," Yavara smiled, extending a hand to the woman, "I don't believe we've met."

Zander said something telepathically, and Yavara jolted in surprise. Then she broke into laughter. 

"Zander, you whore! You transformed into a woman just to fuck my girlfriend?"

"And she was fantastic." I said, squeezing Destiny's ass, "Best fuck I've ever had."

"Are you trying to make me jealous?" Yavara crinkled her nose at me. 

"Is it working?" 

"A little. You cheating cunt." Yavara sniggered.

"I'm sure you and Prestira were paradigms of virtue while we were gone." Destiny yawned, "Speaking of which, where is my ex-wife?"

Yavara's face slackened, the mirth dwindling from her.

"Yavara?" Destiny pressed, her voice edging slightly. 

"She's with Titus, helping unload the ships." Yavara bit her lip, her orange eyes glimmering, "Zander, there's something you need to know. We were attacked by the Sea Serpents on our way here. They captured her." Yavara swallowed, "It took me a day to get to her, and by the time I did... it's... it's not something I can talk to you about. Prestira's putting on a brave face for me, but she needs you." 

Destiny transformed in an aura of golden light, becoming Zander Fredeon once again. With a grim air, the naked wizard pulled on his robe, hopped off the hut's roof, and made his way through the village. Piles of naked revelers were strewn between the huts, their snores sounding from every corner of the village. In the distance, I saw the black sails of the vampire fleet snaking their way up the Knife River, the trailing vessels barely more than dots in the immense fjord of the Gorge. 

"Looks like you guys had one hell of a party." Yavara chuckled. 

"It hasn't been all fun and games." 

"I know. I heard about Sherok." 

I looked up at her, confused. "How?"

Yavara recounted everything that had happened to her and Prestira since that day we'd been separated. I'd already heard much of it from Zander, and noted how Yavara sugarcoated the part about framing her rescue party. When she got to the part where Prestira and her joined Titus, I held up a hand. 

"Pause." I said, "Now repeat what you just said, but slowly." 

"I'm a vampire now." Yavara said plainly. 

I glanced up at the morning sun, shining without filter in its six-o-clock position. "Cool." I said. 

"You bitch!" Yavara laughed, punching me in the shoulder (ow). "I would've thought a ranger would know what a day-walker is." 

"A fairy tale." 

"Kind of like the Dark Queen?" Yavara batted her eyes mischievously. Then her smile broadened, her eyes alighting with excitement. "Come on, there's someone you have to meet!" 

ZANDER 

"...I've been through worse, Zander." Prestira sighed, sitting on a box, "I've done worse to myself." 

"You're not made of stone." I said, taking her shoulders in my hands. The black-robed vampires unloaded their vessels before the watchful eyes of the orcs, who congregated a safe distance back. The sooner the vampires got back on their ships, the better. We sat beneath a tent used for keeping the hay dry, secluded in the shadows that Prestira now found comfort in. I could sense the vampirism in her, as I could for Yavara, but Prestira's nocturnal alter-ego was not what compelled her to seek the dark. 

"No," Prestira dropped her head onto my lap, her white eyes puffy with exhaustion, "but I chose to live endlessly, and when I made that pact with myself and stripped my flesh, I knew the kind of life eternity would bring me. It was just pain." She smiled wearily, "And the pain is over." 

"Some pain leaves scars." I said softly, running a thumb down her cheek, "Scars no one but you can see." 

Prestira leaned into my touch, resting her cheek against my hand. "They're but grazes to the wounds you've dealt me, Zander." 

"Don't guilt me."

"I'm not." Prestira smiled sadly, "I'm just telling the truth. You ruined me long ago." Her fingers trailed to her bosom, "There's a hole here. I feel its ache every day you're not with me, and its excruciating when you are. But the agony is sweet, and the misery is bitter, so I will choose the former again and again until one of us parts from this world." 

I took her head in both hands, framing her face, my fingers tangling with her black ringlets. "Why is love so cruel to you?" 

"I guess I'm just a masochist." Prestira chuckled softly. 

"Will you be OK?" 

"If you're with me." She whispered. There was a hint of desperation in Prestira's voice, a touch of pure anguish in her eyes. 

I smiled into those eyes. "I guess I'm your sadist then." 

She broke into something that was halfway between a sob and a laugh, and I leaned to press my kiss to her lips. She was fierce with her lips and tongue, but not with the gleeful avarice of lust, but with a mania that seemed to be in defiance of all that had been done to her. I knew before I asked that she wasn't OK. I hadn't known until I tasted her pain that she'd been shattered. Oh, Prestira. Why do you always make yourself the martyr? None of us are worth it. 

You are. She whispered in my mind. I hadn't even felt her intrusion, but I noticed it now. Her thoughts probed into my mind, curious and playful. Destiny? I haven't seen her in ages. 

You never cared much for her, try as I might to get you two acquainted. If only Yavara had been around back then. 

If I'm being honest, Zander, I could use a woman's touch right now. Prestira parted from the kiss, her white eyes half-lidded, "I think I've had enough male company for quite some time." 

ELENA 

If there was one thing that kept a ranger on her toes, it was the knowledge that a vampire was in her patrol sector. It was the very reason rangers never patrolled at night. There'd been times where I'd skirted the dusk hours a little too closely, and saw a pair of red eyes gleaming through the thicket. They followed me as I traversed the sun-lit forest paths, the light narrowing as the sun drifted lower. They followed me all the way to the walls of Castle Thorum, waiting for me to set just one foot in the shadows. So when I saw Patricia leering at me from her black veil, I felt a chill crawl up my spine. She stood over six and a half feet tall, her porcelain flesh cast in an ethereal glow, her crimson irises like rubies in her dramatically-featured face. 

"So, you're Elena." Patricia extended a gloved hand, "Mom has told me so much about you." 

"You call her 'Mom?'" I said incredulously, shaking the proffered hand. 

She kept her hand locked with mine. "I can call you 'Daddy' if you want." 

"Isn't she wonderful?" Yavara exclaimed dotingly, embracing her blood-daughter. The short dark-elf looked like a midget next to her statuesque 'daughter,' the top of her head barely meeting Patricia's bosom. 

I tried to pull my hand away from Patricia. "She definitely takes after you, though I fail to see the resemblance." 

"Oh?" Yavara grinned, then suddenly became pale as death, her orange eyes darkening to red. In a second, she was seven inches taller, her body keeping its perfect proportions, but moving with a deadly grace beneath her now too-short dress. "How about now?" She asked, baring two sparkling fangs. 

I gawked at her. "Holy shit." 

"Do you like it?" 

My eyes drank her in. "The things you'll do just to be taller than me." 

Yavara laughed, the sound husky and alluring in her new vocal registers. "Patricia, Elena likes to think she has a sharp tongue, but it's blunted by her dull wit."

I grinned back. "I think you'll find that I use it to great effect, sharp or dull. I've been practicing." 

Yavara moistened her blood-red lips. "I'd love to see what you've learned. Will you spar with me?" 

"I'm a bit handicapped at the moment." I said, proffering the hand held in Patricia's iron grip. I couldn't help but notice the way she extended her index finger to rest it on my ulnar artery. She noticed that I noticed, and her grin broadened beneath her veil, her finger stroking the pulsing vein. "Let me go, Patricia." I said. 

Her red eyes glimmered with amusement, like a cat who'd cornered a mouse and sought to torment it before the end. "Why?" She tittered, lifting her veil, "You don't need your hand in a duel of tongues." She licked one fang as she closed the distance between us, "If you don't mind, I'd like to join in."

"Patricia..." I said cautiously. I turned to Yavara, but she was gone. No, she was behind me, her cold breath on my neck, her hands on my waist, pulling me into her arms with gentle strength. "I'm sorry Elena, but I do so hate a fair fight." 

"You always did cheat on the practice grounds." I said, my heart thundering in my ears as Patricia pressed me between herself and her blood-mother, their breasts consuming my face. They lifted me with effortless strength, pinning me between the succulent squish of their bodies. 

"It's called 'gamesmanship' when royalty cheats, and it's poor form to accuse your monarch of it." Yavara's soft lips caressed my throat. 

"I never bowed to you." 

"Ah, so you're still a ranger then." Yavara tongue traced my pulmonary artery, "A spy in my own court, captured and confessed. I'll show you how I deal with spies, Miss Straltaira." 

"Yavara..." I whispered, my cracking voice betraying my fear. 

Yavara paused. "I could tell you that I'm in control of myself, but that would remove the danger from it." Yavara's hand sneaked to my front, gently grasping the part of me that was throbbing against Patricia's belly. "Something tells me you like the danger. Truth be told, my dearest love," I felt the points of her fangs against my throat, "you drive me so wild, I don't what I'll do." 

They moved on opposite sides of my neck, puncturing the flesh, sucking from tender lips. I whimpered, feeling the weakness travel down by spine, accompanying a lassitude that left me numb and accepting. A stupid smile creased my face, and my head became light with intoxication and blood loss. Only one part of me remained tense, and that part curved backward with engorgement as the women eating me began to disrobe, their nudity pressing against me, flesh on flesh, fingers moving together between my cheeks. They parted from my throat in a duet of gasps, their red eyes mostly pupil, their expressions wrought with desire. 

"There is something very sweet in your blood, Elena." Patricia whispered on my lips, her hand joining her mother's around my cock.

"You're quite the delicacy." Yavara whispered affectionately, her fingertips threatening to penetrate me in both holes as she held me aloft by my ass. She smiled into my half-lidded eyes, "I can't believe you thought I'd actually eat you." 

"You're not going to? Don't disappoint me."

Yavara grinned against my lips, her index finger circling my puckered anus. I whimpered, and her smile curved wickedly. "Why don't you beg me, Elena? Isn't that what you said you'd make me do when we got here? Make me beg for you to put it in my ass?" She forked her index and ring finger about my rim, stretching it so that she could tease the opening with her prodding middle finger. My lip pouted with need, and I pressed my cock into Patricia's belly as I arched my back. Yavara chuckled. "I see you've developed a taste for the finer things in life since we last saw each other, my love, my whore." She touched her forehead to mine, staring heatedly into my eyes, "Beg for it, Elena."

The words were already on my tongue when a high voice from the threshold screamed, "Master!" In flurry of motion too quick for me to see, the battle of the man-eaters was over, the vampires overwhelmed by the succubi's superior numbers. I was in Crystal and Ruby's arms while Diamond and Sapphire enslaved Patricia, and Onyx and Opal subdued Yavara. 

"Elena, run!" Yavara screamed when I stood. 

I cocked my head at her, putting an arm around Crystal and Ruby's waists. "And why would I do that?" I said with the biggest shit-eating grin on my face. 

Yavara narrowed her red eyes. "They called you 'Master.'" Her face broke into a wide grin, "Elena, you fucking stud!" 

"You were so busy bragging about your exploits, that I couldn't get a word in edgewise." I stood over her, "So typical of you Yavara, always thinking you're the center of the universe." Onyx and Opal framed my beloved vampire, giving me questioning looks. 

"This is Queen Yavara?" Onyx asked, looking at the woman curiously, "She's a vampire." 

"A short vampire." Opal sneered, showing some contempt for my love. 

"You're a very astute observer, Opal." I smiled, petting her head, "Ladies, this Yavara Alkandi Tiadoa, and her blood-daughter Patricia. Patricia, Yavara; this is Crystal, the matriarch of the family, and her daughters: Ruby, Diamond, Onyx, Sapphire, and my personal favorite, Opal." 

I noted the dirty looks the other girls gave Opal, and the smug expression on her face, and wondered idly if I was creating a rift in the family. Then I realized I didn't give a shit, and jealous women fucked with twice the passion. Yavara looked around the room, assessing each woman like she was at a buffet. Her eyes fell on Opal's tattoo, and she laughed. "Master's Little Anal Slut, well no wonder she's your favorite." 

"It's a cryptic message about her longing for world peace." I laughed, "Pure poetry, really. Opal's an old soul."

"And she's threatened by me." Yavara bared her fangs at the succubus, "As she should be; she stole my title while I was away." 

"A title you have yet to earn, my love." I smiled, getting to my knees before Yavara. 

"You'll be worshiping my brown-star like it's the gate to heaven." She grinned, spreading her legs, every motion a labor for her. Her heritage kept her from becoming a victim like her blood-daughter, but her flesh was still mortal. Glistening strings of nectar webbed her blushing pussy, whose flower opened in the full bloom of her arousal. I ran my tip through it, and her entire body tensed with anticipation, her breath catching behind her blood-red lips. 

I leaned over her, grinning wickedly into her red eyes. "Beg for it, my love, my whore." 

Back and forth, back and forth; I ran from her clit, through her slit, down her taint, and pressed her anus, then slid back up to repeat the motion. She groaned, then moaned, then mewled, writhing in a dance of lethargic need, her predatory grace dwindling with every motion, becoming naught but the whore she truly was. I knew Yavara had no qualms with debasing herself -in fact, she quite enjoyed it-, but she also wanted to test herself against my slaves, to see the extent of her prowess. Were she in her normal self, she might've been able to resist them, but her vampiric form didn't offer the natural shielding of her dark-elf form, and indeed, it offered weaknesses of its own. She stared longingly at the blue vein in Opal's neck, a vein Opal was presenting very purposefully. With a groan of defeat, Yavara leaned forward, pursed her lush lips to Opal's throat, and bit. Opal gasped, and Yavara surged with new life. She parted from the bite with a heave of breath, and screamed, "Oh, please fuck my asshole! I'm nothing but your dirty anal slave! I'll crawl on all fours like bitch on a leash and bark if it means you'll just touch me!" 

I laughed, pressing my tip to her favorite hole, feeling it contract and open, her pelvic floor deepening with her anticipation. "I could tell you that I'm in control of myself, but that would remove the danger from it." I hissed, entering her slowly, "Something tells me you like the danger. Truth be told, my dearest love," I drove to the hilt, and she shrieked in ecstasy, "you drive me so wild, I don't know what I'll do."

BROCK 

Ruby and Onyx were gone when I awoke. I hardly noticed. The only thing I noticed when I awoke, was that Sherok was dead. There was a moment every morning as I awoke when I would forget, and the second after, the realization would bear down on me like a boulder. I groaned, caught in the despair of it, pondering if getting out of bed was even worth it. I knew the feeling would fade the moment I put my foot to the earth, but there was a horrible comfort in misery. 

"Chief?" Jefrok, my lieutenant asked from the threshold, "Chief, you awake?" 

I grumbled something incoherent. If Jefrok was at my door, it meant there was news, and I was such a bastard in the morning these days that only Trenok or Jefrok were brave enough to rouse me. "What?" I finally managed. 

"The queen's here." He said simply. 

It took me a moment to process that. Then I lurched out of bed, scrambling to get my clothes on. "Have my honor guard show her to her quarters." I said hastily, strapping my suspenders, "Get Zander and Trenok over here! And Elena too, I guess." I smelled my breath on my palm, "And... shit, give Prestira your house, Jefrok; it's the second biggest. Oh, and Drake Titus! What the fuck are we going to do with the vampires?! How soon will they be here?"

"They're already here, Chief." Jefrok mumbled, "Been here for the better part of an hour." 

"AN HOUR?!" I roared. Introspectively, I realized this kind of volatile reaction was why my clansmen were afraid to approach me these days, but it didn't stop me from kicking Jefrok through the outhouse door on my way to Trenok's hut. 

"Trenok!" I yelled, bursting through the door, "Trenok, get your shit, the queen's-" I stopped when I saw that Trenok and Certiok were very busy making me a grandchild. Wait, never mind; no grandchild had ever been made that way. "Get your shit on, both of you!" I yelled, "The queen's here!" 

I stormed into the village center, my eyes catching twelve black-sailed ships docked at the riverbanks. Black-robed figures mulled around them, way too many to house. Fucking logistical nightmare this was, and who would Yavara blame? Well me, of course. It was my village after all. 

"Zander?" I yelled, "Where the fuck is Zander?!" 

A young Protaki woman gestured shakenly to a nearby hay tent. I marched for it, tearing open the flap. "Hey you old fuck, why didn't you tell me that-" and I stopped, having interrupted Prestira Rasloraca and her exotic female partner mid-mutual-cunnilingus. 

"Brock," Prestira smiled, her lips glazed with her lover's nectar, "it's wonderful to see you again." 

"And you as well, Prestira." My eyes fell to the heavenly display of sex before me, and my loins stirred, "I was... uh... I was just looking for Zander, have you seen him?"

"Why do you want him?" The woman asked, flinging back her blue hair to smile radiantly at me. God, what a woman. Her skin was golden bronze, sparkled with gemstone freckles that highlighted her nipples, labia and anus, the latter two exposed to me above Prestira's waiting lips. The woman's voluptuous body was draped over Prestira's slender form, a tantalizing juxtaposition of skin color and shape. "Brock?" The woman asked, her amethyst eyes twinkling, "Brock, can I help you?" 
