 ELENA

"Oh fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck put me down, put me down!" I screamed, peeking over Yavara's elbow at the thousands of feet of nothing between me and the ground. 

"Is that Castle Thorum off in the distance?" Yavara mused, "I think I see the Spearhead Mountains, but I can't quite tell. Maybe we should go higher?"

"I'll kill you! I swear to god I'll do it!" 

Yavara laughed, her black hair billowing in the wind. "You know, from this high up the landscape looks kind of curved, do you see it? The horizon-line is actually more of a bow. I wonder why that is. Everyone knows the earth is flat." 

"I hate you, I hate you, I hate you! Why are you always like this?!"

Yavara giggled, cradling me in her arms like a babe, making a show of walking on the air. The illusion was broken when one of my daggers slipped from its sheath, and fell in a metallic twinkle of sunlight to the pine trees below. If I'd eaten breakfast, I would've puked. 

"Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six..." 

"Why are you counting?" I whimpered. 

"...twenty-seven, twenty-eight." Yavara finished when the dagger disappeared, "Acceleration of gravity is thirty-two feet per second squared, neglecting initial velocity, multiply that by the time of free fall, that makes our height... shit, I was never good at math. Elena, you were the one who took all my tests for me; how high are we?" 

"Really fucking high, put me down right now!" 

Yavara grinned at me. "Right now? The best I can do is twenty-eight seconds." 

I gaped at her. "You bitch." And I was falling, screaming my lungs out, flailing at the sky like I could grab it. Yavara hovered next to me, lounging in freefall with a yawn, looking at me from the corner of her eyes. If I had the wherewithal to punch that smirk off her face, I would've, but I was too busy shrieking in the throes of mortal terror. She caught me after an eternal twenty seconds, giggling like a schoolgirl as we descended to my hut. When we finally landed, my hair was a frizzled mess, and my complexion was nearly as pale as it had been before my transformation. My legs were like jelly when I tried to stand, but I still had the strength to pivot on my heels, and punch Yavara right in the twat. 

"Ow, fuck!" She cried, doubling over. 

"Tender there?" I growled.

"Because of you!" Yavara gasped trying to rub the pain away, "Besides, you're the one who wanted to fly!" 

"Ah, so it's my fault that you dropped me thirty-eight hundred feet!"

"So you did do the math." Yavara smiled through her pain. That cheeky bitch; I couldn't stay mad at her. She was wearing armor now, a tight black leather one-piece that wrapped in a turtle-neck just below her chin, but Yavara, being who she was, had decided to leave a cutout for her cleavage, thereby negating the very purpose of the breastplate. But god, she looked good in it, and she knew it. Her pained rubbing turned to a sensual caress, her flustered expression turned to a lip-biting suggestion.

"You know we don't have time." I sighed. 

"Just a quickie?" 

"No," I said firmly, "it's never just a few minutes with you. You'll go overboard and pretty soon the whole village will be fucking in the streets."

"I know I tend to escalate things, but I promise I'll be good." Yavara said as her fingers drifted down her pelvis, "We don't even have to take off our clothes. Look." She twirled around and bent over, looking back at me with a mischievous grin. There was another cutout in her armor, one that couldn't be seen except from this angle. A thin strip of leather was removed to expose her hairless bronze taint, her moist pink anus puckered for me, her blushing pussy dripping with readiness. "It's sexier like this, isn't it?" She whispered over her shoulder, one eye concealed by a curtain of black hair, "Everything's covered except what's supposed to be." She reached back and grabbed her cheeks, her fingers sinking into the plump fat painted with leather, spreading herself. Her anus opened, her pussy lips parted, her taint glimmered with moisture. She gave me an open-mouthed smile over her shoulder. "You shouldn't skip breakfast Elena; it's the most important meal of the day." 

"Oh... fuck." I groaned in defeat, dropped to my knees before my queen, and planted my face between her cheeks. I drew my tongue through her petals, tasted the salt of her lust, then move up her taint, pursed my lips about her rim, and sucked her where she loved it. When she was moaning my name, her supple cheeks consuming my face, and her leathered crotch soaked with her want, I pulled away, lined up my shot, and gave her what she needed. What I needed. I fucked her with a fervency, pressing her against the wall, railing into her ass, feeling her rim slide tightly up and down my shaft as she backed into me over and over. "Come in my pussy!" She mewled, and I did, driving my sullied member into her soft heat, feeling her tender insides seize around me with each thrust until I was crying out into her shoulder, unloading into her. When it was done, we were a sweaty mess on the ground, the leather oppressively hot on our radiant flesh, our breaths labored and spent. Yavara crawled over to me, her black hair plastered to her face. She took my deflating cock in her hand, and she sucked her filth from me, moaning as she tasted the mixture of her holes, licking her lips clean of the string of cum that bridged them. I kissed her before she could swallow, my tongue sliding along hers, tasting the vile lust she'd sucked from me. 

"Master?" I heard Opal's voice, "Master, are you ready? We need to go soon if we're going to get there before dark!" 

"Don't." Yavara put her hand on my hip, her eyes pleading, "Just a little longer." 

"I don't have to go, Yavara." I said taking her hand, "You can abandon this conquest, book passage on a ship for Terondia across the sea, and we can live together in peace for the rest of our lives." I kissed the ring on her finger, the Tiadoa family crest she still wore, "But if you want to be queen, then you better not be late for your own war." 

Yavara smiled sadly, a tear rolling down her cheek. "It would've been easier if you never showed up at Prestira's bar." 

"It wouldn't have changed a damn thing." I said getting to my feet, pulling her up with me, "If I'd heard you were the Dark Queen from a crier, and they sang of your evil from every rooftop in Bentius, I still would've raced across the battle lines to find you." I gazed into her orange eyes, "It's pathetic, really." 

"I love you so fucking much." Yavara whispered. 

"I love you too." 

The Protaki and Terdini had already formed a column when Yavara and I emerged from the hut. The rangers undoubtedly knew the exodus was happening, but they wouldn't risk attacking a force this size. They'd shadow the orcs' movements to pick off stragglers, perhaps attempt to slow their progress with obstacles, but ultimately, they'd return to Castle Thorum before nightfall, and the orcs would be out of reach the next day. 

Zander had Yavara's horse ready for her, a protective arcane membrane surrounding him and the nearby steeds. Brock bestrode an enormous bull beside the wizard, his back straight, his muscular body gleaming in the morning sun. He watched as Yavara hoisted herself onto her horse, a move that required her to spread her legs with her hips parallel to the ground. Brock saw what she wanted him to see, and he turned right to me, and made eyebrows. I giggled like a pining maiden, biting my finger and shifting my weight to one hip. My newfound female heterosexuality was absolutely hopeless, and my male homosexuality was even worse. I'd thought it might be gone after the alcohol had worn off, but no; I was still very attracted to Brock Terdini. It galled me that a strong-willed woman such as myself would be so sexually submissive, but I guessed it was just a lack of confidence. Confidence would come with more experience, but until then, I'd be the pathetic slut on my knees, begging for it. Well, that was fine; more than fine. Brock saluted to me, then turned the salute into a blown kiss. I caught the metaphorical lips, and brought them to my crotch with a smirk. He laughed, then kicked his heels into the bull's flank, and raced to the front of the column. Zander nodded toward me as he trotted away, and Yavara waved, her neck craning to see me until she was gone. 

"Why so morose?" Prestira asked, stepping beside me, "We'll see them in a week." 

"Is that how it's going to be now?" I dried my eyes, "A conjugal visit of a day, then a week of separation?" 

"Not separation." Patricia said from my other side, "Prestira and I can talk to Mom from any distance." The vampire looked at me side-eyed through her veil, "Apparently, Brock is currently saying some very interesting things about you." 

I sniffled. "He's got a big beak and he likes to squawk, doesn't he? Well, my little birdies like to chirp as well, and they told me some very interesting things about our ultra-alpha, hyper-heterosexual Froktora." 

Patricia looked at me curiosity. "Oh? And what manner of bird are you? A parrot, perhaps?" 

I zipped my fingers over my lips. 

Prestira snorted. "Brock likes to have his ass eaten, so what?" 

"Get out of my head, witch!"

She gave me an apologetic smile. "I thought it would be spicier gossip than that. Everyone likes to get their star polished." Prestira leered at me, "Even if they pretend otherwise at first. You've changed quite a bit since we last met, Elena Straltaira. What an adaptable little bird you are." 

I smirked at Prestira. "Well, the next time Brock and I get drunk, I'll make sure to wear my brown lipstick. With a few well-plied words, a promise of secrecy, and a bottle of lube, we'll see just how... adaptable he is." 

"Bold words, Elena." Prestira chuckled, pulling the reigns of her horse, "Now gather your flock; we have to go." 

We rode single file down old Alkandran paths, those that very few ranger scouts knew of. I guessed that the bulk of Castle Thorum's contingent would be shadowing the tribes, but Adarian had trained me to caution, so we rode in silence. The sounds of the river disappeared as we left the Gorge, and my keen eyes and keener ears listened for any irregularities in the ambiance of the woods. The hair on the back of my neck began to creep up. I paused, holding out my hand. 

"What?" Prestira asked. 

I peered into the trees, following the paths of green sunlight through the canopy, looking at the shapes of the shadows. "We're being followed." 

Patricia sniffed the air, cocking her head to the side. "Only one. Could be a high-elf, could be a dawn-elf; I can't tell." 

"Do rangers usually scout on solo missions?" Prestira asked. 

"I did." I squinted into the woods, but I couldn't see anyone. Whoever it was, they were very good at stalking, and were keeping their distance. I shook my head. "If it is a ranger, we'll be long gone by the time they report back to Castle Thorum. Come on." 

We trotted along the path until the pines turned to spruces, and the path became overgrown with foliage. Crystal was becoming increasingly nervous, her head whirling this way and that, her tail coiled against her tailbone. Succubi and nymphs were natural enemies, but I'd never known the nymphs to be violent. When I asked Crystal what was wrong, she told me she was hearing a voice, a woman's whisper that spoke words she knew, but did not understand. I looked to Prestira, and she shook her head. She could not hear the phantom whisper in Crystal's mind. Crystal huddled behind her daughters, peering over their shoulders, lagging behind the rest of us. I had to pull her up onto my mount just to make sure she didn't make a break for it. She found some comfort in the press of my body, but I still felt her quiver every time the trees rustled with the wind. Then one of the trees rustled against the wind, and I stopped. Crystal whimpered in my arms, plugging her ears, shutting her eyes tightly. 

"We know you're there!" I yelled up to the branches. No answer. "I am Elena Straltaira, ambassador of Queen Yavara Alkandi, the Dark Queen reborn. I come to seek an alliance with the sisters of the trees."

A flash of skin and blonde hair fell from the canopy and landed ten yards in front of me. The nymph was about five and half feet tall, with pale skin and two curved goat horns protruding from beneath her blonde mane. She had green lines that traced where her veins should be, branching from her heart and lining her entire body. Her eyes were bright emerald, and her modesty was decorated with foliage. Despite her apparent athleticism, her body was soft, only the hint of muscle tone on her shoulders and abdomen. She cocked her head curiously as she regarded me. 

"What are you, Elena?" She asked with a soft voice. 

"I'm a half-breed of dark and high-elf. What's your name?"

"Who are your friends?" She asked, ignoring my question. 

"This is Prestira Rasloraca of Ardeni Dreus, and Patricia Bronson of the Titus clan. What is your name?"

"Rose." Rose replied distractedly, looking from Crystal, to her daughters, "Why do you have those beasts with you?" 

"They're my slaves. I understand there's no love lost between your races."

"They were our people once," Rose said as she walked along the succubi, "but one day, a curious nymph traveled too far from home and was taken by a sorcerer. He corrupted her, transformed her, and then set her loose on us; or so the legend goes. You said they are your slaves; what do you mean by that?"

"Their seduction backfired." I said, trying to keep my eyes from wandering Rose's body, "Something in my seed worked against them when they tried to enslave me." 

"That's curious." Rose said, looking me up and down, "You're a female, Elena; you do not produce seed."

I angled my body on the horse and showed Rose my bulge. Her eyes widened, her jaw clicked open. She inspected my crotch like it was an exhibit at a museum, unabashedly changing perspectives until it made sense in her mind. She looked into my eyes for the first time. "Some would say that the gods have blessed you, Elena Straltaira." 

"No, Queen Yavara has." 

"Interesting." Rose said, not sounding too interested, "We have heard news of the Dark Queen's return, but we didn't expect her to send ambassadors here."

"You would be a valued ally in the war to come." 

"War is not something nymphs do." Rose said, studying Patricia curiously, "We are not soldiers, but tenders of the forest and speakers for the trees."

"We don't need you to fight on the front lines." Prestira cut in, "We need your knowledge of the forest and gifts of subterfuge."

"You need quite a few things, Prestira of Ardeni." Rose mused, turning her gaze on Prestira. She furrowed her brow, "And you speak of subterfuge, when you have a beast concealed within you. Does Drake Titus deal in half-measures now? There are some who would call you an abomination." 

Prestira smiled, her incisors growing to fangs, then retracting. "You can tell your people to move from their spots, Rose; I can see them all." 

I gasped. All at once, hundreds of women materialized in the clearing, the textures of their bodies changing from floral and rock patterns to skin and hair. One was just three feet from me, and had perfectly disguised herself against the bark of a spruce. Now she was a black woman, her eyes a brilliant green, her veins pulsing with the same color. 

"Why should we join a war of orcs and elves?" Rose asked me, "Why should we risk ourselves for a cause we do not care for?"

"Queen Leveria Tiadoa believes the Great Forest belongs to the Highlands." I responded, "She will use Queen Yavara as an excuse to take everything. If Queen Yavara loses her war, Leveria will not stop at the Pines and the Tundra; she will continue south." 

"So you say, but you are hardly unbiased. Why should we believe you? Why should we not wait for a Highland emissary?" 

"You will wait indefinitely. What do you have to offer the Highlands besides your land? Leveria will attack you simply because you are weak and in the way. No one in the Lowlands or the Bearded Peaks will care if the nymphs are slaughtered. Even the dawn-elves who befriend you will flee before the coming army. The only person with any power to stop Leveria is Queen Yavara, and all she is asking in return is that you fight with her."

There was a murmur amongst the nymphs, their heads turning from Rose, to me. Crystal shivered in my lap, restraining a cry as she rubbed her temples. Rose closed her eyes, and touched a nearby tree. It was like she was in conference with the conifer, her lips moving silently. She opened her eyes, and her pupils retracted from their dilated state. "And if Queen Yavara wins her war, what will happen to us?"

"Nothing, if that is what you wish."

Rose pondered my proposition for a moment, touched the tree again, then nodded, and raised her head to me. "This is not something we can decide for ourselves. The Mother will decide for us."

"The Mother?" I asked her. Crystal couldn't suppress her cry now. She wailed aloud, clutching the sides of her head. 

"The Mother speaks to her, but this one can no longer listen, only hear." Rose said, a pitiable expression on her face as she regarded Crystal. She looked back to me. "You may come see her, Elena, and bring your slaves with you. Prestira and Patricia must remain here."

I nodded to Prestira and Patricia. They dismounted and sat on a fallen tree, taking on their tobacco pipes, watching the nymphs carefully. I helped Crystal down, and she collapsed into the arms of her daughters, whimpering. They shared concerned looks with me as they tried to calm their mother, kissing and caressing, touching her where she liked. It was to no avail. Crystal rambled unintelligibly, her head thrashing, her auburn hair whipping. They had to carry her between them as I followed behind Rose, who made a path through the audience of watchful women. I kept my gaze fixed forward, pondering what kind of creature the 'Mother' would be. She was a telepath, no doubt, and powerful if she could cause Crystal pain with just her thoughts. I didn't realize until too late that I was staring directly at Rose's ass, watching the leafed garment shift to show the mesmerizing bottom of her pale cheek. Rose connected gazes with me over her shoulder, and I turned red, and coughed uncomfortably. She inclined her head curiously, then continued forward without comment, her stride lengthening, each footfall causing her hips to sway. I almost thought she was teasing me, but Rose didn't seem the type for humor of any kind. Though she was beautiful, though they were all beautiful, the nymphs were sexless creatures. How some became succubi, the exact antithesis of asexuality, was a mystery that I didn't doubt would soon be solved. I wasn't buying that wizard story, and I didn't think Rose did either. 

We stopped at the base of the largest tree I'd ever seen. It was hundreds of feet tall and thirty feet wide, the bark gnarled and knobbed with time. Rose stepped forward and touched the tree, whispering something I could not hear. The tree creaked and groaned, the ground beneath me shook, the needles rustled in the canopy high above. Rose stepped back, and the base of the monolithic conifer opened into a doorway. Rose turned to me.

"You must remove the dead animal skin from your body. The Mother will not speak to those that wear her creatures as hides."

I removed my weapons and undid the straps of my armor, peeling sweaty swaths of leather from my body, feeling the cool air on the hot flesh. I hadn't been ashamed of my nudity since Yavara changed me, so I was unperturbed by Rose's inquisitive stares. She seemed fascinated by my manhood, but not in a sexual way.

"You may enter." Rose said when I'd peeled the last armor off me. We followed her through the threshold, and into the darkness. I could smell the sap, feel the humidity on my face, but it wasn't until the door closed behind us that I saw anything. The entire trunk was hollow on the inside, illuminated with millions of bioluminescent mushrooms that spiraled hundreds of feet up, coalescing into a green blur at the peak. I gawked upward, dizzy with the immensity of the cavern. Then I noticed that Crystal had stopped her wailing, and I turned to see her staring sightlessly at the apex above, her eyes rolled back. Rose walked by me and sat upon the ground with her legs crossed. She beckoned us to do the same, and I did, feeling the moist soil contour to my spread cheeks. My slaves formed a circle, gently guiding their mother to sit beside me. Crystal continued to stare upward, her mouth hanging open. Rose regarded her with a subtle tilt of her head, then raised her face to the apex, and spoke. 
