 Part Nine: The Threat

Chapter Twenty-Six

TITUS 

I'd always considered myself the foremost connoisseur of humanoid creatures on Tenvalia. I'd had every kind there was to have, and indeed, I'd developed something of a food pyramid to rank them. Yes, much like grades of meat in the butcher shop, there was a hierarchy when it came to quality of species. Bottom-shelf varieties included: orc, goblin, troll, and ogre. Orcs were too salty, goblins were too lean, trolls were too tough, and ogres were downright disgusting. Then there were the value-pack cuts: mermaid, centaurs, fauns, dwarves and nymphs. Mermaids were too fishy, centaurs and fauns were too gamey, dwarves drank so much their blood was slightly fermented, and nymphs would only suit a vampire going on a vegan diet. Next were the quality cuts: humans, pixies, incubi, succubi and valkyries. Humans were savory creatures, but their shear multitude and availability somewhat cheapened their standing in my eyes; pixies were like candy, but their small size didn't make for much of a meal; incubi and succubi were scrumptious treats, but were more akin to a drug than actual food; and while valkyries were extremely rare, their rarity was somewhat diminished when you realized the winged beauties tasted too much like chicken. Then, at the tippy-top of the pyramid, were the elves. Dawn-elves were rich with herbal undertones, and were a delicacy of the highest order, but high-elves were something truly special. Their blood was decadent and sweet, the texture like velvet on the tongue, and the old lineages gave them an aged quality like fine wine. Yavara, being the only dark-elf I'd ever tasted, was somewhat of a disappointment. There was high-elf, yes, but it was marred with succubi, orc, and a touch of incubi.

There were campfires as far as the eye could see. To me, they were like little suns burning upon the earth, blinding me from the figures that surrounded them. It wasn't that they were too bright; just too hot. The elven bodies that mulled about the camp were magnitudes cooler, and so shone dully to my thermal lenses. I would have to get closer to properly distinguish them with my eyes, but my nose had never failed me. I took a deep inhale, and my mind ignited with the myriad of flavors, a veritable buffet of high-elf soldier. I licked my lips. 

"Do you see how they're set up?" Zander whispered, pointing to the map, then gesturing to the encampment, "Each sector forms a web with the command post in the center. And at the very center of everything is high-command." 

I glanced at the map, switching to nocturnal vision. "Eighty regiments of a thousand, eight division of ten-thousand. Eighty generals, eight of which are division commanders, and one field marshal." 

"And that's where the structure ends." Zander smiled, "Everything below that is a shitshow. We just need to cut the head off the snake."

I sniffed the air again, noting the slight burn in my nostrils. "Nadi wood." I muttered. 

Zander nodded. "They cut down every Nadi tree in the royal arboretum, but their munitions are sparse." 

There was a flash of green, and Ivanka and Tiffany stepped from the portal. "Zander, we got your message, and we're quite irritated with you." 

"Our queen was throwing one hell of a party at Castle Thorum, and we're missing it." Tiffany lamented. 

"I do believe the nymphs performed the single greatest loss of virginity in history." Ivanka added. 

"Not to mention the largest incestuous orgy." Tiffany tittered.

"There was also a tasteful amount of rape." 

"And a touch of gender reassignment. Her Highness is an aficionado of debauchery; I do hope she lets us taste her new hybrid." 

"Oh, she looked absolutely decadent." Ivanka rolled her eyes in longing. 

"Speaking of which..." Tiffany stepped onto the cliff's edge, and peered out at the vast army. 

"That's a lot of tasty treats." Ivanka whispered. 

"The Ten?" Zander inquired. 

"We made sure to bring them with us. We dropped them off at Glacier Lake before we found your church ruins." 

"A fat, slobbering bunch of inbreds, the lot of them." Ivanka added with a sneer, "Our queen would be wise to dispose of them as soon as she can." 

"If they represent the best of their people, then Brock and his Terdini are the only orcs worth continuing; the rest should be turned to steers and used as feed." 

"Directed evolution." Ivanka said with a nod. 

"Directed evolution indeed." Tiffany smiled at me. 

"Vampires." Zander snorted. 

I turned my attention to him. "How many of my children will you need for this, Fredeon?" 

"All of them." 

I nodded. "We'll shadow the army until they get to the marshlands, then we'll attack."

"I'll ingratiate myself with them in the meantime." Zander said, "When the time comes, cause as much chaos as you can before you leave. Poison the water, stampede the horses, light everything on fire. You'll only have one chance, so make it count. Everything little extra thing you do here buys us hours, days, maybe even weeks."

"Every little extra thing will cost me more of my children's lives." 

"It is war, Titus." Zander grunted, "Life is always the cost." 

YAVARA

"You don't think I can hit him from here?" I laughed at Rose. Arbor had detected a ranger spying on us from the Great Forest. He was about three-hundred yards off, but I could just make out his cowl from the edge of the tree line. Though I hadn't slept for nearly a week, my vision remained keen. I notched the arrow as I gazed from the top of Castle Thorum's tower. 

"There's no way you're making that shot." Rose said. 

"Adrianna," I said to the hybrid woman formerly known as Thomas Adarian, "tell Rose about the shots I made at the bowman's tourney."

"She shot three arrows shaft-to-shaft-to-shaft into a bullseye at two-hundred feet." Adrianna said, "My queen, please spare him."

"What will you do to keep me from shooting?" 

"Do you want me to humiliate myself?" She asked angrily, "Haven't you done enough to me?!"

"I think you know the answer to that." I muttered, drawing the bow and gauging the wind. 

"I'll capture him." Adrianna insisted, "I'll bring him to you so that you can change him." 

"Wouldn't a high-elf think death was preferable to your fate?" Rose mused.

"A true Highlander would throw themselves off this tower in shame." I narrowed my eyes on the horizon line, "But we lost our pride with our race."

"Adrianna seems to have kept hers, actually." 

"That's just her stubbornness."

"Did you lose your compassion as well?" Adrianna demanded, "Didn't you say that mercy is a strength?" 

"Only when applied conservatively; otherwise it's a trait that can be predicted." I closed one eye, "And that is a weakness." 

"Please, my queen," Adrianna said, "I deciphered the messages for you; you already know how many of us are left. With Arbor on your side, you'll track the rest of us down easily. What's the point in killing him?"

"I'm not going to kill him," I smiled, "I'm just going to scare the shit out of him."

I loosed the arrow and watched it arc. It flew across the clearing, across the bridge, and down to the tree line. It speared through the ranger's cowl without so much as touching a hair on his head. The ranger ducked for cover and scampered into the trees, leaving his coat to billow from the branches like a warning flag. 

"Holy shit." Rose gasped. 

"Time to pay up." I smiled, hiking up my skirt and spreading my legs. 

Rose grinned coyly as she got on her knees, pushing her curly blonde mane behind one goat horn. Her emerald eyes shown with curiosity as she examined my womanhood, her hands splaying about my thighs, the green veins in them glowing slightly. I guided her face to my crotch, and felt her curious little tongue dart from her timid lips, unpracticed and unsure. 

"You didn't lie with any of your sisters last night?" I asked. 

"I was so preoccupied with my brothers." She laughed, blushing slightly, "Mother tasted me, but I was too... um... full to return the favor." 

I giggled endearingly, stroking her hair. "A woman after my own heart, you glutton." I pointed to my engorged clit, "You know what this is, right?" 

"Oh, I'm very aware of it now." Rose grinned. 

"Well," I smiled back, "you can't go wrong touching me there." I looked up at the very uncomfortable Adrianna, "I'm sure you have extensive experience; why don't you give Rose a lesson?" 

"Is that an order, my queen?" 

"It's an invitation." I moaned, resting precariously atop the battlement, gauging Adrianna as the nymph between my legs learned through trial and error how to please a woman. Adrianna watched the display with obvious desire, and I wondered if she would surrender to it. But her stubbornness won out, much to my disappointment, and she turned around to gaze out at the exodus of orcs. 

Brock lead his new tribes from Castle Thorum, a lone figure before the horde. Only the nymphs remained in the castle they had taken, for the vampires had left hours ago. I would've gone with them, but Zander's message bid me to stay; any help I could provide would be dwarfed by the risk. And so while Zander and Titus worked to slow the marching apocalypse, I was to do what queens were supposed to do, and govern. The superstructure of Castle Alkandra had been finished before Titus departed, and if all went perfectly with Titus's raid, there would be a massive influx of tribespeople from Glacier Lake fleeing the upcoming battle. At the very least, tens of thousands would be in the shadow of Castle Alkandra in a matter of weeks with no food, no plumbing, and no shelter besides an unfurnished shell of a castle. The logistics made my head spin, and I wished in that moment that I had taken the lessons of my youth seriously instead of letting Elena do all the work. Elena...

"Your Highness?" Rose asked, "Am I doing it wrong?" 

"No," I sighed, pulling her face from my nethers, "you're doing fine, Rose, I'm just distracted." I bid her to rise, wiping my lust from her lips with my thumb, "Go rouse your mother and siblings. We're leaving this place." 

"All of us?" She asked. 

I looked toward the east. "Five-hundred men could hold this fortress against tens of thousands, but only if the tens of thousands were crossing the Knife River." I pointed to the west, where there was nothing obstructing the landscape but rolling hills as far as the eye could see. "The Highland army is north, but this castle is symbolic. They will send a contingent down here to retake it." 

"And you're just going to give it up?" Adrianna snorted. 

Rose looked at me quizzically. "Hundreds of my sisters died for this place." 

"And all your sisters and brothers would die trying to defend it, and for what? This is not your homeland. We are invaders here, and I am no conqueror."

"As soon as we leave, the rangers in the forest will make a dash for it." Rose said. 

I smiled at her. "You're a vegetarian, so I suppose you've never before bated a trap before, have you?" I looked back at Adrianna, and grinned, "It's time to hunt." 

LEVERIA 

I glanced at the hermaphrodite next to me. "How did the family reunion go?" I asked, sucking on a cigarette.

"Fine." Elena replied tersely. 

"Fine." I snorted, "That's code for, 'so uncomfortable I would have preferred actual torture.'"

"I did find myself growing nostalgic for your knife set mid-conversation." Elena laughed, "If you can call what Mother and I had a 'conversation.'"

"Lots of nods and smiles between eternal silences?"

"Eye contact was like trying to stare into the sun." She sighed, "She and I never liked each other, though we loved each other out of obligation. I don't think she can reconcile what I've become with who you say I am. In a way, it would've been easier for her to know the truth so that she could finally comfortably hate me." 

"That's family." I sighed in turn, "Though I never had any trouble hating mine."

"Or fucking them." 

"That too." I grinned devilishly at her. 

Elena lit one of my cigarettes between her lips. "You know, after spending so much time with you, I've realized something about you, Leveria." 

"Which is...?" 

She regarded me purposefully. "You have a very thick shell, and you wear it like layered armor." She put her hand on my shoulder, and smiled affectionately. "But deep beneath all the pageantry, propriety, stateliness and power; beneath even the torture, murder, father-fucking and diabolical scheming; beneath even the fear, loathing, and jealousy; you're a total cunt."

I sputtered into laughter, smoke shooting from my nose and mouth. "You know me so well!" I sighed, wiping tears from my eyes. 

She snickered, then turned her attention to the door before us. "So, what are we doing here?" 

I took another inhale from my cigarette. "Some gangster shit. Sir Raftas, Sir Bortan; please open the door." 

Sir Raftas ducked behind a body-length shield and rammed into the door. It flung open with a crash, and Sir Bortan charged in after, smashed his gauntleted fist into a young naked man's face, sprinted across the room, then ripped the dazed Headmaster Glendian out of his bed. Four more guards flowed in behind him, two of them hoisting the young man onto his feet, the other two briskly knotting Glendian's fingers together before he could cast a spell. I stepped in afterward, lighting a new cigarette with the butt of the old one. 

"Good morning, Headmaster." I smiled, "Sorry for the unorthodox wakeup call." 

The guards dragged him to his knees, and the haggard old man blinked up at me. The few wisps of hair he had left stuck up from his oily pate, his turkey-gullet of a neck wobbled, his soft body and pathetic cock drooped from him with decades of defeat. I put my cigarette out on his nipple, and his eyes alighted with clarity. He screamed. 

"WHY?!" He managed. 

"How long have you worked for Lord Ternias?" I asked. 

His scream waned, and I waited for him to catch his breath. Across the room, the naked man spat blood, his nose broken, his youthful body dangling in the plated arms of two guards. Finally, Glendian found his voice. "I don't know what you're talking about." 

I turned to Elena, who stood slack jawed in the threshold. "Did you know?"

"You think I know anything?!" She demanded. 

"Hmm, almost, Dear. Next time put less force behind it; confused people aren't immediately defensive." I turned back to Glendian, "Well? How long?"

"You're fucking delusional." Glendian spat. 

I knelt to his level. "You know me better. How long, and what does he know?"

"It doesn't matter what I say! You've made up your mind, and the truth can go to hell!" 

"You, boy!" I snapped at Glendian's latest escapade, "What's your name?" 

"Allister Opandia, Your Highness." He replied, his voice clogged with nasal blood. 

I smirked at Glendian. "At least he knows how to address his sovereign. Sir Raftas, throw Mister Opandia out the window." 

"Wait!" Glendian bellowed.

Sir Raftas paused, Allister rigid and pale with terror in his arms. I rolled my eyes. "Sir Raftas, is Headmaster Glendian your queen? Defenestrate!" 

"WAIT!" Glendian screamed again. Without missing a step, Sir Raftas hoisted the thrashing Allister onto the windowsill, and pushed him through it. Allister's shriek of horror dwindled as he fell, then ended with a sickening crack. Glendian's face went purple, his eyes bulged and welled, and with a futile lurch, he roared at me, the vessels in his sclera looking ready to burst. "You bitch!" He screeched, "You horrible, wretched cunt!"

"Calm down, Headmaster." I replied implacably, "You go through faggots like they're disposable anyhow, so I don't see what the fuss is." 

"I'll kill you! I swear to every god there is, I'll kill you!" 

"You've had every chance to, and yet here I stand. You're a coward, Glendian; you've always been a coward, and you'll always be one. It's why you crawled to Ternias like the little weasel you are." 

He wrenched his face toward Elena. "You let this happen!" He screamed, his voice breaking, "You had your chance! I told you I would've protected her!" He spat at her, "Now you're her whore, and for what? Because you felt indebted? I've been indebted to our wonderful queen for years." He turned his hate-filled gaze back at me, "She'll never let you pay it back; she'll collect interest until your bones are ash!" 

"I've been fair with you, old man." I said softly, "I only asked you to pay in information, and you've been stealing it from me. Now, what does Lord Ternias know, and how long has he known it?" 

Glendian fixed his jaw. 

I sighed. "Sir Bortan, break his-"

"Since your mother died." Glendian mumbled. "I went to Ternias to give my condolences for the loss of his cousin. He saw through your ruse. I offered him my services freely." 

"Freely?" I mused, "You truly hate me that much? No, don't answer that; I don't care. What did you tell him?"

"Everything I know. The lie about your mother, my suspicions about you and your father, your meeting with the Sea Serpents, the assassination of Prestira Rasloraca, and the truth about Elena." 

I frowned. "He knew about the Sea Serpents and Prestira before the audience with Ambassador Wentz?"

Glendian nodded. 

I slowly stood, my mind working. "What has he told you about his plans?"

He laughed derisively. "You think I know his plans? I know his goals, as do you; they're as clear as day." 

"Get a unanimous vote of no confidence, strip my powers, become steward, then supplant me." I muttered, "You know you're an accessory to treason, right?" 

"Your entire reign his treason." Glendian spat. 

I slapped him hard across the cheek, the stone on my wedding band slicing a groove from ear to nostril. "I would never bring in an outsider to tip the scales in my favor!" I snarled, "Ternias could plot my assassination and it would be business as usual, but the moment he brought Ambassador Wentz into the fold, he was a traitor no better than my sister!" 

I stomped across the room, running my hands through my hair, the pieces clicking into place. Now I knew why Wentz had so doggedly pursued sanctions with nothing more than the testimony of a pirate to lend him credence. Big Bill? How had I not seen it?! Yavara and Prestira, two of the foremost telepaths in the world, had just missed the orc stowed away in the hold? Big Bill was at the bottom of the ocean with the rest of Timothy Two-Shot's crew. Ternias had supplied the information. Oh, he'd fought so very hard on behalf of the Highlands when Wentz levelled his accusations, but it was all for naught. I'd been left stammering like a fool before the entire Noble Court, and Lord Ternias was there just afterward to play the role of the reluctant ally. He'd even rallied the nobles to support my ploy of Alkandran recognition, but he'd already known who I'd have to use as ambassador, and he'd already known she was no spy, but a tortured prisoner. Had it not been for Elena's improvisation yesterday, had she followed our script, Wentz would've torn her apart and revealed her as a puppet, then leveled every sanction he could against me, just as he was poised to do before I'd been forced to improvise. A second diplomatic humiliation followed by a heap of sanctions would've shaken the faith of even my strongest allies. After a swift vote of no confidence, Ternias would become steward, the sanctions would be lifted, and with no one to lift a finger in protest, Eric and I would be quietly assassinated, making him king. But Wentz hadn't known about the army, which meant Ternias was playing the game from two sides. 

"My queen?" Sir Raftas asked, "Should I get a team to arrest Lord Ternias?"

"No." I muttered, pacing, "With the army gone, all that's left in Bentius is the city watch, and they're Huntiata's, and Huntiata has been in Ternias's pocket since the beginning. If we use force, it will be used against us in kind. We'll turn a conspiracy into a coup, and no one, not even Ternias, wants that. He needs his claim to appear legitimate, or it will be constantly challenged."
