 Day Two

ADRIANNA 

I awoke from the best sleep I'd had in recent memory. I pulled the tangled mess of hair from my face, inundating my sinuses with the sweet smell of Furia's morning skin. She was lying on her back, her cute little snores whistling from her, her fat cock standing at full mast from her womanly thighs. What a sight to wake to. I admired it for a few minutes, watching it throb and pulse, the apex shining with a delicious layer of her frosting. But I didn't have time to indulge myself. I planted a kiss on her forehead, collected my clothes, and made my way to the washroom. 

"Hey Commander." Faltia said with a bright smile, toweling herself off. 

"Good morning, Captain." I said back, noting the glow of her cheeks, and the way her hands always seemed to find her belly. 

"Hey Adrianna." Soraya yawned, strutting out from one of the basin alcoves. There were bruises on her knees, handprints all over her breasts and backside, and scratch marks running along her spine. She wore them like battle scars, and smirked crookedly as she made her way to the towel rack. 

Brianna stumbled into the washroom, took two uneasy steps, then rushed to the sink, and puked. "I'm fine!" She insisted, "I just had some bad... why I am bothering to lie to you anymore? I did too much coke last night, and tried to counteract it with too much alcohol." She heaved, splattering the sink, "It didn't work."

My first instinct was to reprimand her, but I stayed that echo of Adarian before he made a fool of me. When I thought about it, I didn't even know if narcotics were illegal in Alkandra. Was anything illegal in Alkandra? Not currently, no. Not until I decided it was. I turned away from the woman puking in the sink, and pondered that thought. What ethos would we base Alkandran law upon? Certainly not the Highland doctrine I'd followed nearly all my life, but it also couldn't be the brutal tribal laws. It was something Yavara should've already set in place, but Yavara was hundreds of miles away. 

"Oh Sor-ay-a," Eva's voice sung as she entered the room. Soraya turned around, clapped her hands over her mouth, and squealed delightedly. Eva was dressed in leather ranger armor, though she'd tailored it for less militaristic endeavors. The buxom corset and chaps looked like something I'd find in an Ardeni brothel, and she was naked from navel to thigh, only a thin belt strung atop her bulging glutes to hold a short leather scabbard before her crotch. She caught my eye, and winked. Did I blush? A little, maybe. 

"Oh my god, Domina!" Soraya exclaimed, examining her paramour's outfit, "It's beautiful!" 

"I thought you'd like it." Eva chuckled, the sound exuding from her with a menace that hadn't been there before. Did I feel tingle between my legs? Perhaps. 

Brianna looked up at the newly-minted dominatrix, then barfed into the sink. 

Eva smirked with black-sheened lips, "I see that you and Kiera got along handsomely." 

"Did you get something for me?" Soraya asked her lover, "You know, the..." 

"...right here." Eva grinned, proffering a collar and leash. 

Soraya clapped giddily, then turned around, and presented her neck for Eva. Without even a hint of shame, she was collared and leashed before the rest of us. In fact, there was a measure of pride to her face when she touched the nameplate that hung before the hollow of her throat. The image roused a memory I had of April, who on special occasions, would let me treat her like the dog she (literally) was. I awaited the pain that memory would bring, but it didn't come. All I felt in that moment, was a strange curiosity for how it might feel to be on the end of that leash. 

"And where are you taking your doggie?" Kiera asked as she entered the washroom, looking nearly as green as Brianna. 

"Out for a walk with Faltia." 

"What?" Faltia asked. 

Eva stroked Soraya along the spine, and the busty masochist actually purred. "I thought having a friendly little pet like Soraya would help with your recruitment." 

Faltia turned to me. "Commander?" 

"Hmm?" 

"Are you going to allow this?" 

Eva groaned, and Soraya sighed. I shrugged, washing beneath my nails. "As royally-appointed leaders, how we present ourselves is paramount. The people will follow the example we set, so our image must be very well-tended." 

"Fine." Eva grumbled, undoing the lacing on her corset. 

I turned my attention back to my nails. "As you were."

She paused. "What?" 

I smiled. "You seem to have your finger on the pulse of this place. I trust your judgement." 

She gave me an appraising look, her black-sheened lips quirking once more. "Well, how about that." She wrapped the leash around her hand, "Come, Pet. Let's go make some new friends, shall we? It is our job, after all."

ROSE 

"Grow." I whispered, wiping my brow. I never realized the sun could be so oppressive. Being a nymph meant most of my life had been spent beneath the green veil of the spruce canopy, and the naked sun rarely shown through it. I pushed my hand back into the cool black soil, and felt a small measure of relief. 

"Grow." I requested again, turning the seed in my hand beneath the soil. It used to be so much easier for me. There was a time when I could plant a seedling at dusk, and it would bear fruit by dawn, but those times were gone. We had killed and destroyed, and lost our purity to the bodies of our brothers, and now the connections we once felt so intimately with the earth had faded. Even Mother walked in mortal flesh, only keeping part of her mind on the woodlands she'd been tasked to tend so long ago. 

"This is really fucking boring." Diamond sighed. 

"Hush." I hissed at the succubus, "I need to concentrate, and so do you." 

She looked at her hand buried in the soil. "On what?" 

"Don't you feel the connection?" 

"I think I feel a worm." 

One of my brothers passed us by, and Diamond quickly diverted her attention to him. "Hi, Elmlark!" She cooed with a lecherous smile. 

"That's Willowbranch." I said. 

"What does it matter what their names are? None of them can talk anyway." Diamond said with a fixed smile, tracking Willowbranch as he walked away. Her smile faded. "I know your mother made them impervious to succubus charms, but they're still men, right?! Am I not I beautiful?" 

"She also made sure they only desire their own kind." I said, nodding toward Diamond's buried hand, "Which might explain why nothing's happening for you, distant cousin." 

She eyed my own buried hand. "So is that just performance anxiety then?" 

"Try singing to them." A soft voice said from behind me. I turned around to see the matriarch succubus, Crystal, watching me from her violet eyes. 

"Sing to the seed?" I asked. 

She dropped into a crouch beside me, plucked a seed from my sack, and pushed her hand into the soil. Breathing through her nose, she closed her eyes, and began to sing. It was a smile lullaby, but the sweet tenor of her voice spoke to me nonetheless, and from the soil, a small green stalk spouted, the little leaves unfolding to catch the naked sun. She finished her song, and smiled fondly at the little pumpkin plant as she ran her finger along the stalk. For a moment, she almost looked like the woman she once was, Mother's favorite daughter before me. Then she sniffed sharply, and her eyes darted up to catch one of my passing brothers, and they tracked him as her reptilian pupils constricted in predatory hunger. 

"We are leaving this place, Diamond." She said. 

Diamond pulled her hand from the soil, and tossed her unsprouted seed into my sack. "I thought we would choose one of the hybrids to be our new master?" She asked. 

"We only have one master, and she still lives, I feel it." Crystal pulled her hand from the soil, and stood up, peering north. "Yavara is assembling a horde in the Tundra. Nearly a hundred-thousand orc males in their primes, Diamond. Warriors full of violence and passion, and no women to release it." She licked her lips, "We must perform our duties to our country, after all. Go get your sisters." 

ARBOR 

I watched the daughter I'd once called 'Tulip' disappear into the Great Forest without a look back. She was her own woman, and in a way, I was proud of her for her independence, but it still pained me that she would never know me like she once did. My eyes fell upon Rose, whose mind wandered listlessly from brother to brother, assessing each one, and finding each wanting. I feared that I had given her what she needed too late, and that infertile nymph males would not satisfy her. I would do everything I could to make sure she did not follow in Tulip's footsteps, but in Alkandra, temptation was around every corner, and the worst of all temptations for a nymph girl walked right behind me. 

"Arbor?" 

"Yes, Kiera?" I answered without looking. It seemed to bother people that the eyes on my face only provided a fraction of my vision, so I made sure to turn to her after I'd spoken. 

"Adrianna sent me to-"

"Governess Adrianna, Kiera. It is important that we use her title." I corrected, then added a smile, because people liked smiles. It was so much easier to interact with mortals when I was mostly spirit, and could express my emotions directly with their minds. Expressing with the face was nearly akin to lying, as how could a portrait convey such complex sentient emotions? It was no wonder that miscommunication was rampant in the mortal world. 

"Ah... yeah." She said, "Anyway, Governess Adrianna sent me here to be the agricultural liaison." 

"Because you used to pick psychedelic mushrooms in my forest, and once grew an ill-cared for marijuana plant in the woods outside Castle Thorum?" I raised my brows to convey disbelief, "That is what qualified you to be the crown's agricultural liaison?"

Kiera snorted. "Apparently. Druggies are all hippies, and hippies love plants, right?"

"Why did the governess not appoint me?" I asked, gesturing to the field where hundreds of my sons and daughters toiled, "I would think I am the most qualified." 

Kiera shifted uncomfortably. "Being a liaison is mostly about just talking to people, you know? You're like the expert, and I'm going to be your translator." 

I blinked. "The governess thinks my communication skills are lacking." 

"The governess thinks your many talents and unique skills would be wasted in court." Kiera smiled amicably. 

I blinked again. "I am not a dullard, Kiera Lestria; I know when I am being patronized." I cleared my throat, an affectation I was becoming quite fond of, "Very well," I said, "if the governess says so, then I will not protest." I looked steadily at her, something I knew would make her uncomfortable, "But if you undermine me, then I will make certain that the governess sends me a new liaison." 

She held up her hands defensively, "No need to flex, great forest spirit, I know where my bread is buttered." 

I blinked a third time. "Did you just have an aneurysm, child?" 

She laughed and shook her head. "I can see I have my work cut out for me." 

I smiled then, realizing somewhat of the humor in it. I assessed this Kiera with a clinical eye, and found her to be as alluring as Elena had been. There was a touch of incubus in each of the hermaphrodites, and that was what made them so dangerous to nymphs. Alexa had the least of it, Kiera had as much as Elena, Eva had quite a bit more, and Furia... Furia practically leaked desire from her sweat. It was fortunate that Furia was so timid around women she was attracted to, for I saw her eyes wander to some of my daughters along the road, and some of my daughters' eyes wandered very curiously to the magnificent bulge within her pants. 

"Kiera." I said. 

"Yes?" 

"You are free to act as liaison for the governess in any way you see fit." I turned to her then, spreading the full span of my wings, "But if you corrupt any of my daughters with your seed, then I will return you to the earth." 

FURIA 

"Why do you still have that uniform on?" Brianna hissed as we made our way through the makeshift village. 

"Adrianna still wears hers." 

"Oh, and you just do whatever she does, huh?"

"No!" I said a little too indignantly. 

Brianna smirked at me. She'd dawned one of the outfits Yavara had left us, an Ardeni cocktail dress that she wore like it was her own skin. It galled me that Brianna, who had been a woman for less than a week, was already better at being one than I. That easy arrogance he'd possessed as a man, now translated easily into the hip-jutting confidence of a fully-fledged woman. 

"Hey bro." She said, putting a hand on my shoulder, "I was in the same boat as you when I first got my dick wet. She had decades of experience, and I'd only ever had my hand. After that first night, I thought I was in love." 

"Are you actually about to give me relationship advice right now?" 

"I've been in so many relationships, so who better?"

I snorted. "I don't need a lesson on how to treat women like rented goods." 

Brianna chuckled. "Every girl I was with knew what she was getting into. We started and ended the relationship on equal footing. Can you say the same? Why do you think Adrianna has you out here with me?" 

I held up my clipboard. "We're taking a census." 

"Seems like a job I could do on my own. All I have to do is go up to someone and ask them a few questions. It takes some social skills and a winning smile." She eyed me, "So why are you here?" 

"Oh, so you're my babysitter, is that it?!" I growled, "Little baby Furia can't be trusted with a real job, so she has to tag along with you?" 

"Soraya is the scribe, Alexa is the engineer, Kiera is the agricultural liaison, Faltia is the watch commander, Eva is the recruiter, I'm the populations director, and you're...?" 

I scowled at her, then marched right up to an orc standing by the moat. "Excuse me sir, my name's Furia, Augustinia and... and I... and I'm..." 

The orc stared slack-jawed at me, his black eyes scrutinizing me to the marrow. I promptly turned on my heel, and walked away, my face burning furiously. Brianna was waiting for me with a broad smirk. 

"Did you at least get his name?" 

"Fuck off!" I snapped, and marched past her. 

"Where are you going?" 

"I'll take this side of town!" I yelled over my shoulder, "We should split up to cover more ground faster!" 

"Furia, we're supposed to stick—"

"I said we're splitting up!" I yelled, and rounded the corner. 

CERTIOK 

Zander's ethereal owl dissipated in the sunlight, and the letter it had sent dissolved into pulp, the treacherous ink pooling on the bedside table. The Second Council of Queen Yavara had convened as the army amassed in the Tundra, and they'd come up with something absolutely devious. I knew Yavara was ambitious, but I never knew her to be so cunning. The pragmatic ruthlessness of the plan sounded like something Prestira would've suggested, but Prestira was gone. Trenok and Brock certainly wouldn't have agreed to it, and so that only left the wizard himself. Without Elena to serve as a moral counterweight, Zander had clearly stoked Yavara's more megalomaniacal side. The chieftains of the Ten would die gloriously in battle. Oh, and their sons would too. What a shame, but their names would live forever in the annals of Alkandra's history. War heroes. Martyrs. Conveniently-dead political opponents. No, my husband and father-in-law would've never voted for such a measure, but had I been there, I would have supported it wholeheartedly. I'd stepped over the corpse of my own father to climb the ladder. 

I pulled the bedding between my legs, grinding my thighs together about it, drawing the sheets between my breasts and inhaling deeply. Ever since Trenok had left for war, I'd been hard-pressed to find a suitable lover. All the warrior males were gone, leaving me with only those tribesmen too old and too young. There were many Ardeni males that were of age, and though they looked upon me with longing, they also averted their eyes quickly. It was like we were a different species. Where were their tattoos? Where were their scars? Where were their muscles honed for killing? They were like cattle, beasts of burden broken by generations of domestication, some mutated offshoot of orc-kind's evolution that had fled the Great Forest a thousand years ago, foregoing who they really were for the comfort of slavery. I detested them almost as much as I pitied them. 

So, I had stayed chaste for over a week, which was unbearable after I'd been introduced to the brand of lust Yavara and Elena engaged in. I had tasted Alkandra that night in the chieftain's hut; not the orc dream of a glorious nation, but the truth of its flesh, and oh, it had ruined me! Its aftertaste lingered in my nethers since that night, and my hunger had only been stoked when the new hybrids arrived. I wanted to hate them so much. They had been rangers, they had been imperials, they had been the worst of my enemies, but now they were Alkandran in their bones, Alkandran in a way I could never be. It was royal; I could not deny it. As much as it galled my tribal pride, there was something deep within my orc blood that recognized the stronger race, and demanded that I submit to it. 

"Why are we like this?" I asked the ceiling, "Why can't we forge our own destiny?" But I knew the answer. No orc would ever truly bow to another. The Protaki had only accepted the Terdini because I had married Trenok, and even then, it took Brock's brutal hand to bring my people firmly to heel. Perhaps it was why the Ardeni orcs had been so easily domesticated by human masters. All we saw in an orc leader was power that should be our own, but the power of Alkandran blood was intangible to us, something that could never be stolen, only obtained through service and submission. Or perhaps there is another way. 

There was a knock on my door, and from the window, I saw a head of platinum hair shining in the morning sun. Adrianna, I supposed; finally here to kiss my ass. I grinned, jumped out of bed without any clothes, and flung the door open. 

"Hi, I'm Furia!" The young hybrid practically yelled at me, "And I'm here to collect census information on your..." she trailed off. "I... uh..." Furia smiled awkwardly, "I didn't know this was your hut, Certiok. I'll just-"

"Furia, huh?" I mused, relaxing against the threshold, "That's a pretty name." 

"Thanks." She smiled brightly. All the hybrids were youthful, but this one was actually young. I could practically smell her naiveté. 

I considered her, running my eyes up her ranger uniform, pausing for a moment to admire the size of her bulge, then tracing the feminine curves of her until I was met with her blue gaze. "You're the governess's squeeze, aren't you?" I asked. 

"We're together." She said with some pride. 

I sighed. "What the hell are you doing?" 

She held up her clipboard. "Taking census information." 

"I mean what the hell are you doing still wearing that fucking uniform?" I gestured angrily, "You know there are people here who won't care what species you are if you have that fascist outfit on. Get in here!" And I yanked her through the door, and shut it behind her. I engaged the lock, and smiled to myself. It's like home delivery. I made my way to the closet, and pulled out a chest and loin strap. Furia blinked at the "clothes" in my hand. 

"Well," I growled, "strip!" 

And like the naive pup she was, she shed her ranger uniform. I was never attracted to other women, but there was something about these hybrid elves that piqued my appetite, and there was something very specific about Furia that made my mouth water. I tossed her the straps, and she struggled to fit into the bra. Though she was much narrower in build than I was, her robust breasts squished around the taut leather, advertising their tantalizing pliancy. The same texture was exhibited on her rear when she pulled her thong up, and I tossed her one of Trenok's loincloths; they were very close in size, after all. 
