 Day Seven 

ADRIANNA 

There were times in my life where I stopped, considered the situation I was in, and whispered to myself, "What the fuck happened?" I was having one of those moments when I woke up that morning. The first thing I noticed, was that the gnawing in my nethers had subsided substantially. It wasn't gone, but it was manageable. The second thing I noticed, was that I needed to take a huge shit.

"Don't." Came a voice beside me, "I know what you're feeling, but it will pass. You just need to relax." 

I rotated to see Soraya behind me, holding me like a lover in slumber. She crinkled her nose. "Domina makes me get enemas every night so that I'm clean the next day. I'm jealous of you, to be honest. A cum enema sounds absolutely therapeutic." 

I peeled myself off the floor, and assessed my predicament. I was nestled between Soraya and Furia. There was a plug in my ass, and it was holding god-only-knew how many loads. My belly was slightly distended with it, and there was a warmth within me that was quite pleasant. I unclenched around the plug, and the urge to defecate was alleviated. 

"See?" Soraya giggled, "A little trick of the trade."

"You're a scribe." 

"And everyone always called me such a tight-ass." She tittered.

I chuckled with her, and my eyes fell easily to lush lips. They beckoned me, and I kissed them without shame or restraint. Furia groaned, then roused herself. I watched her out of the corner of my eye as I shared Soraya's lips and tongue, and she watched me with amusement and erotic interest. No jealousy, not anymore. I gave her a wink, and she returned the ocular smile. Yes, we would love the others, but what Furia and I had was special. 

"Come on," I said, breaking from the kiss, "Everyone up! We have a busy day!"

TRENOK 

Dad and I had nearly attacked Zander when he made his suggestion. After all the work we'd put into securing the allegiance of the Ten, after all the blood we'd shed, and the sacrifices we'd made to make Dad the first Froktora in a thousand years, the old wizard wanted to throw it all away by killing the chieftains?! Titus naturally sided with Zander, the cold pragmatist that he was. It had been Zander after all, who had laid the plans for assassinating the Maple tribe leaders, and it had been Titus's children who had carried it out. Killing orc chieftains meant very little to them, so what were the Ten? Orcs were all the same. Never mind that such a move would dismantle millennia of tradition and history. But of course, that was the idea. Centralize power to the crown, destroy political opponents before they could even gain footing, and secure the Yavara Alkandi dynasty for an epoch. The time of tribes was done. 

To her credit, Yavara had listened carefully to all sides, but in the end, she was not dissuaded. She wasn't born in the Great Forest, and deep down, she didn't care about orc tradition or culture. Ironically enough, if Elena had been there, I doubted Yavara would've agreed to it. Elena was all about loyalty and compassion, and look where that got her. Tortured to death, and the man who had ensured that death, the man who had killed my mother, was now the governess of my beloved new nation. How in the ever-living-fuck had that happened? Dad had been satisfied with the vengeance dealt, claiming that this Adrianna was suffering a far worse fate than death by being forced to betray her nation and live as a species she detested. I didn't believe it for a second. High-elves and orcs were actually more alike than we wanted to admit, but dark-elves were a different thing entirely. They didn't think like the rest of us. Thomas Adarian would've slit his wrists to know he'd succumb to such a fate, but Adrianna Alkandra was undoubtedly very happy to be alive. 

"Trenok!" Nerok Kraklari yelled from her warg, "How much further to Alkandra? My ass is killing me!" 

"Perhaps you should try walking then!" I suggested with a smile that was more a death grimace. Dad hated Gorlok, but I thought his wife was even worse. She was a short fat bitch with a temper to match, and she rode her lumbering warg like a queen before the procession. 

"Are you sure you know the way?" Fletariak Dartiki sneered. She was an old bitch, her green skin shriveled and hard, and she didn't get any softer beneath. 

"Of course he knows the way, Fletariak," Uniok Silktari tittered, "a good dog always knows the way home." 

"And a good bitch always knows her place!" I snapped at her. Her smile only broadened. The other matriarchs weren't much better. There was Leanok Balktar, Heidiak Waldaki, Vulnar Hektaki, Biatrik Fertorki, Jealtoniki Drundiki and Lopi Huftraki. All of them were varying degrees of awful, and my only solace during the long trek was that they'd soon be Adrianna's problem. Well, that wasn't my only solace. All of the matriarchs had daughters, and they'd never in their lives seen a specimen like me in the Tundra. I was forbidden from going into their tents, but nothing prevented them from coming into mine. Now that my father was Froktora, the daughters of the Ten wanted Terdini sons. Needless to say, I pulled out. They were unworthy. 

I looked back at the endless river of orcs behind me, caravans laden with goods, great beasts of burden hauling them. From astride my bull, I could make out the divisions that had formed in the column. Getting orcs to march in any kind of order was impossible, unless the orcs were traveling side-by-side with their most hated enemies. No, not the Highlanders; each other. If I hadn't set such a grueling pace to exhaust them, I didn't doubt that battle would've broken out in the column, and these were just the old men, women and children. But perhaps they'd all hate Adrianna more than each other. Maybe there was a touch of genius to Yavara's plan.

I crested the hill, and stopped in my tracks. For a moment, I thought I had taken a wrong turn, for before me was a city the likes of which I'd never seen. There was a single wide street with a boulevard, flanked on both sides by tiered stone towers and the foundations of buildings yet to be erected. The land surrounding the narrow urban strip was all agrarian, and the little bodies of nymphs shown through robust greenery ready to harvest. It was only when I looked upon the castle that I realized my sense of direction hadn't failed me. This was Alkandra. 

The matriarchs stepped beside me, and for the first time in four days, they were silent. Some had tears in their eyes, others had their mouths agape. All the bitterness in them washed away when they saw what they thought they never would. 

"We're home." 

Ten minutes later, I was riding along the path through the fields. The nymphs stopped their work to watch us pass. Some of the orcs whistled and called to the dainty forest women and boyish men, but their calls soon died when they saw the imposing figure of Arbor swoop in overhead, her great white wings casting a shadow on the column. The vines on the edge of the path moved like snakes, their thorns honed to a razor's edge. The message was clear. I nodded to her, and she nodded back.

We rode into the city proper, the entrance flanked by two large marble statues. One was of Yavara, and the other was of an elf I didn't recognize. 

"Alkandi." Uniok whispered reverently, and touched the statue's toes. 

When we entered the city, a great cheer rose up. The Terdini and Protaki citizens roared and waved their arms from the walkway, and I raised my hand in greeting, nearly moved to tears to see them. Aunts, uncles, cousins, nephews, and nieces. I dismounted my bull, and embraced many, making my way down the line until I didn't recognize the green faces. These were the Ardeni orcs, not a tattoo on their body. I gave them a nod, and they returned it. I was surprised that they didn't avert their gaze as they did when I was last in Alkandra. It galled me a little; these were the worker ants, the lowest of the low. They were barely more than slaves, yet they looked upon me man-to-man? I would have to break a few necks to remind them what they were. Still, they were useful beasts, weren't they? For certain, no tribesperson could build a city like this. 

There were ten finished stone towers, though there were at least fifty foundations laid. The erected towers were all of the exact same build and height, each tiered back and topping-out at a hundred or so feet. The towers closest to the castle had been ornamented with spires, statues and gargoyles, giving them individuality, but those closest to the entrance were all brutalist and plain, not yet decorated. The boulevard was filled with flowers, fountains and benches, and reminded me of the stories of elven cities. It was almost too nice, but then I got closer to the castle, and I saw that the gargoyles on the far towers were of orc warriors standing proud, orc women in lustful poses, and gruesome scenes of battle and debauchery. There were stockades along the street, weapon racks at every entrance, and cages hanging from the balconies. Each tower had a courtyard, and each courtyard had a firepit with benches surrounding it. And between each tower, I could see the edge of the Great Forest, the wildlands only a few miles away across the fields. Yes, it was perfect.

Certiok was waiting for me before the drawbridge, a vision of orc beauty. It took all my will not to race over to her like an adolescent, but fortunately, she didn't have such a will. She charged into me, and I was nearly knocked on my back with the force of her kiss. I pulled her hard against me, squeezing her like I could milk the love from her flesh. She parted from the kiss, and beamed radiantly at me. 

"How did this happen?" I asked, grinning down at her, "What did you do?" 

She laughed, brushing her braided hair over her ear. "I wish I could take the credit." 

"Tim the troll then? He's a smart fucker." 

"With the charisma of a dead fish." Certiok said, "Trenok, Adrianna did all this." 

"Bullshit." 

Certiok nodded. "She's... not the same. I mean, she's the same person, but... goddamn it, Trenok, I don't know how to explain it!" 

I gawked at her. "You fucked her." 

Certiok rolled her eyes, "Of course I fucked her. Her, and all the other hybrids, in every-which-way, every chance I got. And there were... ample opportunities." 

I snorted. I didn't know why it surprised me. I gazed around the courtyard before the drawbridge, where the finished towers loomed overhead in resplendent magnificence, the statues of orcs looking down upon me. Statues... of orcs. Nowhere in Tenvalia would you see my people so celebrated, but here we were, shown in all our glory atop towers that rivaled those in Ardeni Dreus. And it had been Thomas fucking Adarian who had set it all in motion. 

"Trenok," Certiok said, her voice cautious, "there's something you need to know." 

"If it's important, tell it to me after the ceremony." I said, looking back at the impatient matriarchs, "The sooner I dump this baggage, the better." 

We walked across the drawbridge, and through a procession of guards. I recognized a few Terdini among them, but they would not meet my gaze. They stared straight ahead in stoic soldiery. Dad sure as shit hadn't taught them that. We strolled through a gate I had personally built a fortnight ago, and into the castle. I stopped in my tracks. 

Upon the steps leading to the Black Throne, were eight angels. I'd forgotten how beautiful Elena had been, and some of these hybrids surpassed even her. They all wore white ceremonial robes, the modesty of the garments tainted by slit necklines that plunged past their waists, exposing the inner swell of their breasts, their toned bellies, and barely concealing their crotches. Yavara had told me their names, but I couldn't discern which one was which. They were all uniquely beautiful, but their identical white hair and bronze complexions didn't allow for categorial description, and there was only the slight difference in their blue eye color. But I recognized Adrianna right away, and her eyes stayed on mine, unfaltering, unwavering. 

"All hail Adrianna Alkandra, governess of Alkandra!" Came the voice of the crier. For a moment, all was still, not a sound but the echo of the crier's voice in the cavernous chamber. 

"Trenok," Certiok whispered, "you must kneel now." 

"The fuck I will!" I snarled.

"You are the son of the Froktora, not the Froktora himself! She is above you, and you must kneel in ceremony!" 

"Certiok, she killed my—" 

"Brock killed my father, and now I suck his son's cock!" Certiok snarled, "And if he ever wants me to suck it again, he will kneel! There are bigger things at play now than your petty need for vengeance!" 

"Petty need for vengeance?!" I narrowed my eyes at Certiok. 

Certiok grabbed my arm. "If you do no kneel, then the matriarchs will not, and Adrianna will be forced to have us all arrested to save face!"

"No Ardeni shit will put his hands on me." 

"Those are eight rangers up there! What do you think they have beneath those cloaks?" She squeezed my arm hard, "What do you gain from crossing blades with Adrianna? If you lose, you're humiliated or killed. If you kill her, Alkandra is thrown into anarchy, and Yavara will make an example of you, Brock be damned!" 

I turned my eyes up to Adrianna once more, and without bowing my head, I dropped to one knee. I could hear the orcs dropping behind me, the matriarchs, their daughters, and all the tribespeople of importance who were allowed into the castle, all bowing to the woman who had killed my mother. The crier read out Yavara's decree of Adrianna's rule, then Adrianna bid us to stand. She took her eyes off me then, and dawned a radiant smile, one that I would never have imagined could come from Thomas Adarian. 

"Welcome, great matriarchs of the Ten, to your home." She said, extending her arms generously, "I am Governess Adrianna Alkandra. This is Watch Commander Faltia Dafian, Outreach Director Eva Alecia, First Scribe Soraya Poneria, Lead Engineer Alexa Jenania, Agricultural Liaison Kiera Lestria, Population Director Brianna Dedaclia, and Head Magistrate Furia Augustinia. We are here to serve you." 

Leanok Balktar stepped from the pack. "If you're here to serve us, then why are we down here, and you up there, imperial?" 

"Imperial?" She asked, "Leanok Balktar, do I look like a high-elf to you?" I was surprised she knew her name, but of course Thomas Adarian probably had a dossier on the matriarchs thicker than a dictionary. 

"Just one with a nice tan." Nerok Kraklari sneered. 

Adrianna laughed musically, and began to descend the steps. "Nerok Kraklari," she let the name drip from her lush lips, "how have your dogs been? Last time I was up north they were quite ill." She stepped right before matriarch, and tilted her head up to meet her gaze, "Must've been some bad food, huh?" 

"We got a good look at your bitch before we left." Biatrik Fertorki spat, "Our husbands made sure she had plenty to eat." 

Adrianna laughed again, not a hint of anger flashing her face. "Good. I wouldn't want dearest April to starve. Not like what happened with your people after your crops mysteriously burned." 

"What kind of man are you?!" Uniok Silktari snarled. 

"Not a man at all, dearest Uniok." Adrianna flashed her a dazzling smile. 

"Just a whore." Vulnar Hektaki hissed. 

"A whore? I never ask for money." Adrianna licked her lips, and drew her eyes across the women. They'd gone silent after that last comment, realizing in that moment that this was not Thomas Adarian transgendered; this was something else. Adrianna seized the opportunity, and drew a long thin ranger sword she'd kept between her shoulders, and planted it in the ground before her. "By rule of Tundra law, any chieftain who thinks themselves my better may challenge me on the first day of my rule. I show you this gesture to prove that I am no imperial in disguise, and that Tundra traditions will be respected in Alkandra. Since there are no chieftains here, I offer this bout to any orc present who thinks themselves my better. My compatriots will not interfere. If I fall, then you will take my mantle." 

It was a smart gesture, and one she knew she wouldn't have to back up. The name 'Thomas Adarian' might've been synonymous with 'hatred' in the Tundra, but that hatred was born from respect, and that respect was born from fear. None of the matriarchs were battle queens, not like my mother had been. And it was with her name in my mind, that I reached back, and grabbed my axe. 

"I will accept your challenge, Governess." 

"Trenok, no!" Certiok cried, grabbing for me. But the words had been said, and all had heard them. The future was set in stone. I shook my wife off me like she was a fly, and took three steps toward Adrianna. She assessed me with a perplexed expression -not fear—but confusion, like I was an actor who'd missed his lines her production. There was a shuffle on the steps, and I saw all seven hybrids reaching into their cloaks. Adrianna held up a hand, and they stopped. 

"Adrianna!" One of them yelled. 

"Silence, Furia." Adrianna said calmly, not looking at her, only keeping her gaze locked with mine. "Did Certiok tell you?" She asked. 

I rolled my head, cracking my neck, "Whatever it was she had to say, it doesn't matter much now." 

Adrianna nodded solemnly. "I guess it doesn't." She grabbed her sword. 

The matriarchs and their escorts hustled back, forming a wide perimeter in the castle atrium. The room was silent. I had seen dozens of duels for succession, and not one of them had been anything but uproarious. Somewhere in my mind, it occurred to me that this would be the last one in our history. 

The floor was still dirt, nothing changed since Titus and the rest had left it. Traction would be poor, which would work against me, and favor the nimble swordplay Adrianna had been trained in, but the confines favored the opponent with longer reach. I watched Adrianna's footwork, but it was impossible to discern the movements beneath her cloak. She seemed to glide slowly about the perimeter, gauging my every move, studying me. No doubt she'd never faced a warrior like me in all her life, but then again, I'd never face a warrior like her. I was nearly thrice her weight and almost three feet taller than she, but I wasn't foolish enough to underestimate her. I was confident though, and my cold hatred only made me surer. Whatever came after this did not matter. Only death. Only vengeance. 

I stepped purposefully toward her, not a run, but not quite a walk, just fast enough that she couldn't flee without scrambling. She didn't move. My grip tightened on my axe, my muscles readied themselves. I closed the distance between us, my footfalls sounding like drums in the chamber, the light from a window casting my massive silhouette in a golden aura, my shadow looming over her. Her sword was unshaking in her hands, the tip glinting before me, pointed at my neck. When I was ten paces away, I let out a roar that could burst eardrums, and charged with my axe overhead. She stayed there, unmoving, seeming to look through me. Five pace, four pace, three paces. I was in killing range. She didn't have a chance. Two paces, swing. My axe arced through the air so fast that the motion was but a blur of obsidian. It came down on Adrianna's head, and split her in half. Or, that's what should've happened. Up until the moment she dove between my legs, I was certain I had killed her. There was a sting in my right calf, and a sting in my left, I wheeled around, sweeping my axe. She flipped backwards and landed in a crouch, tossing her white hair from her face. She was grinning. 

"Trenok, if your mother saw you do that, she'd be very disappointed." 
