 Day Seventeen

ADRIANNA

I immediately locked down my thoughts, shutting Yavara out from even the most banal of my musings. She pouted her lips. 

"I was only trying to see what you were dreaming about." Though I was groggy with alcohol, I could smell the wine fresh on her breath. She'd already been drinking, and it wasn't even eight in the morning.

"How did you get in here?!" I snapped, my breath tight in my chest. 

"Last I checked, this is my castle." Yavara tittered. "And if you must know, I used the portal to get in. I figured you'd be in the royal bedroom, and here you are. I love what you've done with the place, by the way," she gestured to the fur and weapon décor, "it's very... ranger-ish. But I think it's missing something; where is Furia? Did you two not work out after all? I hope that whole thing with Trenok didn't strain your relationship. He told me all about it, you know. And I understand you're expecting! How exciting! We should throw a baby shower!" 

I just stared at her. She grinned toothily back.

"Hmm. You're not much of a morning person, are you?" She sniggered as she looked at my state, "No, you're clearly a night owl. I wondered how long you'd keep up that stoic ranger act; guess it wasn't too long, huh? I took a peek beneath the covers, and you look like a crime scene. Do you think we should wash these bedsheets, or just burn them?" 

"These are fine silk." I mumbled stupidly, as if the bedsheets were of foremost concern. I felt like a sheep that been dropped into the lion's cage. 

"Hey, when did you get that tattoo? It's so pretty. Who is it? A girl you met? Maybe I should get a tattoo, what do you think? A tramp-stamp? Or maybe something on the thigh? I once ate out an Ardeni girl and she had one around her butthole! I think that would be apropos for me." She giggled, "You'll have to tell me all the sexy things you've done! I want to hear every grimy little detail of your descent into depravity, and don't skimp on the adjectives!" 

"I've had sex a few times, I guess." I muttered, finally gaining my bearings, but not dropping my guard even a little. 

Yavara's tooth-cracking grin turned into a relaxed smile. "I came on a little strong, didn't I? It's just... we have so much to catch up on! I haven't seen you or any of the others for... gosh, what has it been? Over two weeks? It's like a lifetime happened since then." 

"I understand the feeling." 

"Well," she brought her hands together, "you get washed up and get some coffee in you, and then we'll catch up, OK?" 

"Why are you here?" 

"Do I need a reason?" 

"Yes." I said flatly. 

She giggled at that. "Still so authoritative. Well, Head-ranger, if you must know, I am here to celebrate our victory on the battlefield." 

I felt the color drain from my face. "A total victory?" I asked. 

She tilted her head, studying my expression. "A decisive victory. A rogue elven regiment saved the army, and the rest retreated across the marshes and pulled their bog bridges behind them. It'll be at least ten days before the horde crosses the marshlands, and by then I'm sure the entire rift will be entrenched. We'll dig in, set up supply lines, and wait for Leveria to come negotiate." 

I couldn't help but show my relief. Yavara laughed. 

"You thought I'd march a horde of raping, murdering beasts into my homeland? You think so little of me, Adrianna. Now," she peeled the sheets off my body, and grinned at the evidence crusted over my flesh, "go get yourself cleaned up, Governess." 

I was in the bath for a long time. I could hear Yavara shuffling through my things in the next room, musing aloud at what she found as though to broach my conversation through the door. I didn't know why, but I'd begun to think of her as more of a force than a person, like a waterfall in the river of my life that I would have to tumble over no matter what, and all I could do was hope to survive it. The luxuriant bathroom felt like a prison cell, and the hangman's noose was waiting just outside. Her strange friendly demeanor didn't put me at ease; if anything, it put me more on edge. What game was she playing with me? When would the trapdoor close? I scrubbed my flesh nearly to rawness with worry, then washed out my hair, and toweled off. Before I dawned my white robe, I reached behind the sink, and grabbed the dagger there. I strapped it to my thigh, made sure the robe was loose enough to conceal it, then walked back into the bedroom. 

"That's a cute outfit." Yavara said, lounging in a chair. She'd pulled out the toys Furia and I used on each other, and had clearly tested some of them while I was in the bathroom. 

"This is a robe of state. All hybrids wear them to official functions."

"I like it. It's elegant, but just slutty enough." She smiled, indicating the slit in the robe that ran to my pelvis, "What's the occasion? Wait, don't tell me. I've been like a princess on her birthday waiting to open her present, and I can't wait any longer!" She got up and walked toward me, and I wondered for a moment if she thought I was the present to be unwrapped. I prepared myself, feeling my nethers awaken with excitement even if my heart thrummed with fear, but she walked past me, and headed instead toward the western window. 

"Trenok told me a few details, but you know orcs; they could see the face of god, and their only description would be, 'she was hot.'" Yavara chuckled, then stopped a few paces from the window, and turned around, "Haven't you ever given a girl a surprise before, Adrianna? Cover my eyes."

I stepped behind Yavara, reached around her, and laid my hands over her eyes. As I guided her to the western window, I contemplated the dagger beneath my robes. I could do it now. Who even knew she was here? Those in the Tundra did, but they wouldn't be coming through the portal any time soon. A knife to the base of the skull would kill her instantly, and I could book passage on a ship for Hektinar that afternoon. Instead, I walked her forward three steps, then pulled my hands from her eyes. 

She just stood there for a moment. I could only see the back of her head, and her posture didn't emote anything. She was still for nearly a minute before she spoke. 

"How?" She whispered, turning around. Her eyes were puffy, and her cheeks were wet, "How did you do this?" 

"I had help." 

"It's greater than anything I'd ever dreamed of!" She cried, spinning on her heel to gaze out at the sprawling metropolis. "There's a downtown, and a shopping district, and a market, and a stadium! There's statues, and streets, and bridges, and... oh my god, is that a fountain?!" She wheeled on me, and pulled me into a crushing embrace. "Thank you!" She blubbered in my ear, "Thank you so much, Adrianna! It's the best gift anyone's ever given me." 

I patted her back, trying not to tremble in her arms.

FALTIA 

I had woken up before the crack of dawn to help Brianna direct foot-traffic, and it had been a shitshow. Getting orcs to move in any kind of order was like herding cats. Once we finally got them all moving in the right direction, suddenly they started to turn around! Soon, the stadium that I had worked so hard to get filled was emptying, everyone moving toward the urban strip. Brianna and I looked disbelievingly at each other.

"What the fuck is going on?!" I yelled to one of my captains. He just shrugged back. It was then that two messenger doves descended upon Brianna and me. We extracted the letters, looked at each other, then sprinted to the castle. 

Ten minutes later, I was peeling off my sweaty leather skirt and top, and hurriedly donning my ceremonial robe. When we reached the moat, we quickly adjusted each other's hair, and burst into the castle atrium. 

We were the only ones there. 

"What... the... fuck..." Brianna wheezed, catching her breath, "Was this all some bullshit drill Adrianna set up? Can that woman ever stop being a ranger?!" 

"Funny, I asked her the same thing." Came a familiar voice from above. Yavara Alkandi was floating around the rafters, examining the masonry of the windows. I immediately dropped to one knee. Brianna took her time doing it. 

"Rise." Yavara said, floating down to us. She had on black leather boots and a tight black dress, and I could see that she wasn't wearing anything beneath it. She landed before me, and examined me with a curious eye. 

"Watch Commander Dafian, you've customized yourself." She mused, looking at my tattoos, "There's a sword, and skull, and a... what is that?" She asked, looking at the illustration that disappeared beneath my robe. She gently slid her hands in the folds of my neckline, and looked up at me. "May I?" 

"Of course, my queen. I didn't get them to hide them." 

She pulled my robe over my shoulders, and let it fall to my ankles, exposing my nakedness. I stood proudly before her as she examined each piece of art, crouching to examine the floral patterns on my lower petals. 

"Beautiful." She muttered, "And you even got your clit pierced. So, you became the badass chick, huh? I guess you have to be to be watch commander. Let me see your hands." She looked at my battered and bruised knuckles, and nodded approvingly. "As you were." 

BRIANNA 

Yavara stepped before me next, and smiled. "Populations Director Brianna Dedaclia, I have to know what dress you have on beneath that robe." 

"It's a Geroni custom." I said boastfully, letting the robe fall to reveal the deep red dress beneath, its neckline as risqué as the robe's. Yavara gawked at it. 

"Brianna, where the hell did you get a Geroni custom?" 

"Her wardrobe is worth more than our nation's GDP." Faltia mumbled. 

"You can't buy a Geroni custom. Only royal Ardeni women get them." Yavara said. 

"Well," I smiled, "it turns out that the Ardeni ambassador is somewhat of a queen. He let me borrow his." 

"Prince Mathew? He's gay?" Yavara dropped her voice, "That kind of ruins my plan for negotiating a better trade deal." 

"Oh, don't worry about that, Your Highness." Eva chuckled as she strutted into the room with Soraya following, "We negotiated it for you." 

EVA

I knew within in one second of looking at Yavara that I was going to fuck her, and I knew within the next second how she would want it. Anal, bareback, hogtied and humiliated as she screamed around a gag-ball. 

And I thought I was the one who could read minds. Her voice snickered in my head as she stepped up to me. 

"Outreach Director Eva Alecia, what are you hiding beneath that robe?" She asked, and pulled my robe off, revealing the crisscrossing leather dress I wore so well, and the mural of debauchery I had on my flesh. "Oh," she purred, "you're trouble." 

"The worst." I smirked, actively imagining all the things I wanted to do to her. 

She gave me an appraising smile. "Alright, Domina. Let's keep it in your head... for now." 

SORAYA 

I was still kneeling when Yavara stepped up to me. "You may rise, First-Scribe Soraya Poneria. Eva didn't even bother kneeling, so I don't know why you should." 

I got to my feet with false trepidation, waiting excitedly for her to disrobe me. She gently slid my robe off my shoulders, and gasped when she saw the gold-chain dress that covered my inscribed flesh. 

"Beautiful." She whispered, "Like a prisoner of her own lust. Is this a dog collar you have around your neck?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Mistress, hmm?" She chuckled, gently grasping the chained leash, "I like it."

ALEXA 

I hustled into the atrium with Kiera running behind me, and we skidded to a halt before the Dark Queen. I hastily got to one knee, then rose when she bid me. 

"What is this?" She asked, brushing the dust off my forearms.

"Masonry debris, Your Highness." I gasped, catching my breath. She looked down at my work boots, then smiled up at me. 

"Are those the only things you have on beneath that robe?" 

"Yes." 

"Well, let's see what two weeks of swinging a hammer has done for you." 

I shook off my robe, and Queen Yavara unapologetically eye-fucked me. 

"Why do you keep your breasts and belly untattooed?" She mused. 

"So that I can better see the suction marks." 

She nodded, enjoying that answer. "Faltia chose you well, I think." 

KIERA 

I'd already taken off my robe before Yavara even got to me. She looked me over, her eyes running over each narcotic flower inked upon my flesh. 

"Are you a botanist?" She asked. 

"More of an herbalist." 

My cock twitched a little when her orange eyes rested on it. 

"Full bush, huh?" She mused. 

"All natural." 

"So you're the free spirit of the bunch. Is that why you were so eager to get out of your robe?" She procured my robe from my arm, and outturned it, "Or is it because you have twenty different hidden pockets in it?" 

"All that stuff is legal here." 

"Drugs will turn your brain to mush." Yavara admonished. 

"Yeah, that's kind of the point." 

She giggled at that. "You've never rolled until you've been on pixie plasma." 

"Pixie plasma?" I crinkled my nose incredulously, "For what, a blood transfusion?" 

"It's a specialty drug." Yavara winked, and her eyes were suddenly blood red, and her incisors were fangs. Before I even had a chance to feel the terror, her face was back to normal. 

Hit me up if you want a real experience, Kiera. She thought to me as she folded my robe back into my arm. 

FURIA 

I didn't care if Yavara had arrived, I wasn't going to rush the graduation ceremony. For each student, I gave a diploma, a sigil that she would have tattooed upon her face, and a passionate kiss. I addressed them with a tearful farewell speech, then officially graduated them. 

Ten minutes later, I was in the atrium. Yavara was in conversation with Kiera, but her orange eyes fell on me the moment I stepped into the room. 

"And there's Magistrate Furia Augustinia." She grinned, and walked over to me. I knelt, and she bid me to rise. "What does this tattoo on your face mean?" 

"You apparently don't know your own history, my queen." 

She raised her brows. "Would you care to enlighten me." 

"Where is Adrianna?" I asked instead. 

"I threw her out of the tower window." 

She stopped my knife an inch from her eye, and laughed. "Still Furious Furia, huh? A magistrate with a lethal temper is a volatile mix." She grasped my frozen wrist, and guided it to my side, "It was a distasteful jest. Adrianna is currently coordinating things with Certiok. She should be down in a moment." She cocked her head inquiringly, "Why were you so ready to believe that I would do that?" 

"Maybe you felt threatened by her." I said, purposefully filling my mind with nonsensical thoughts. It was a trick Adrianna had made me learn after she'd told me the truth of Elena. Don't try to not think of something; that will only lead a mind-reader to their destination. Think of a million things at once, and she'll be lost in your head. I could feel her probing, but it was only with a benign curiosity that she did, lingering on my thoughts of sex and the flashes of desire I felt when my eyes lingered on her breasts. 

"I don't feel threatened by Adrianna, nor any of you." She said, guiding my knife back into its scabbard, and smirked up at me, "I would prefer that the next time you try to stab me, you use a different weapon." She rested her hand over the bulge in my cloak, and gave me a peck on the lips. It was a closed-mouth kiss, but the mere touch of her was enough to make me achingly hard. She left me with a knowing glint her eyes, and turned to reveal Adrianna standing behind her, watching us. 

"They are ready to see you, Your Highness." Adrianna said, bowing her head.

"Your Highness, my queen, my lady," Yavara made a disgusted noise, "when it's just us friends, call me 'Yavara.'" 

"Friends?" I mouthed to Adrianna as Yavara walked to the atrium's entrance. Adrianna just shook her head. 

We followed Yavara across the drawbridge and into the light of day. A sound like I'd never heard in all my life swelled from the city, and when Yavara stopped at the top of stairs, the sound exploded. The people were packed between the towers, covering the boulevard, stretching back all the way past the Knife River bridge and onto the imperial highway. They roiled like sea, waving thousands of banners, roaring like the wind until the sounded gained rhythm. "Ya-va-ra, Ya-va-ra, Ya-va-ra..." Yavara basked in it at the top of the steps, holding her arms outstretched as if to embrace the entire city. Then she raised one open hand, and a silence washed over them. 

"My people," she shouted, "I have come to bring you news of victory!" 

And if the sound before was ear-splitting, this was deafening. It seemed to hit us like something physical, vibrating in our chest, ringing between our temples. Yavara kept her fist clenched high in the air, standing like a statue of triumph. Then she opened her hand again, and the crowd quieted. 

"The imperials have been driven from our homeland, and now flee for their lives across the marshlands. They think we will not pursue them, but we will chase them to the end of the earth!" They roared back their agreement, their pitch high with the fervency of bloodlust. I exchanged a look with the other hybrids. 

Yavara calmed the crowd once more. "With this victory, we have secured our place in this world for all time, but the victory on the battlefield pales in comparison to the victory achieved here. It is by your blood and sweat alone that Alkandra has been built, and by your hearts alone that it beats with life." 

I glanced at Adrianna and the others again. 

"But let us not dwell on platitudes." Yavara called to her people, "Let us celebrate this victory in the way only Alkandrans can! To the arena!" The crowd cheered flooded back into the shanty town, moving like water through the streets toward the arena in the distance. Yavara planted her feet into the rock, then leapt into the air, and soared over everyone. 

I held Adrianna's hand. "She could've at least mentioned you. None of this would've happened if it weren't for you!" 

"It was always going to be a thankless job, Furia." Adrianna smiled ruefully, "There are no statues of us in this city, though we were the ones who built it. It was not built for us, or even the people who live in it." I nodded to Yavara as she flew in circles over her sprawling gift, "It was built for her."

"Things are going to change around here, aren't they?" 

She nodded gravely. "Yavara isn't interested in governing. Yavara is interesting in ruling." 

ARBOR

I connected minds with Yavara as she soared over her city, and I quickly exchanged the necessary information. I wasn't very interested in talking to her. I turned my attention back to the girl in my arms, my little Rose, my most favorite daughter. I brushed her blonde hair from her pale face, and looked adoringly upon her freckles, her pointed nose, her pouty lips parted to yield sleeping breaths. We had spent our last night together. I had let her do abhorrent things to me, then I had done those things to her, as she had begged me to. She wanted me to be cruel and to debase her, to shame her for the incest, to make her dirty. I had urinated on her, my own daughter, because she had writhed on the ground with mud all over her body, and pleaded for me to do it. It had aroused the succubus spirit within me, the part that desired the heinous and wrong simply because it was heinous and wrong, and I had shared in the darkness with Rose. Covered in my steaming piss, I'd ridden her face, grabbing her by the horns and making her taste my womanhood and anus, and she did so with relish, sucking upon my anal ring, slurping my petals, dragging her tongue along the space between to torture me so deliciously. I had forked my tail once more, and invaded the deepest reaches of her, holding her arms behind her back so that I could taste her breasts with lips, tongue, and teeth. We danced like devils in the moonlight, and she only found sleep after I'd used her until her holes would not close. 
