 Author's Note: I posted this on my blog last year, but wanted to put it here to prove that I was still alive and writing. I've been bogged down working on my Captain Lochley Twine game, but I should have that wrapped up in another two weeks. I have started work on Conquest, the next story in the series, so it will hopefully not take too long to start posting chapters. I hope you enjoy!

 ****

 Gaiety and mirth permeated the room, fluttering like whispers behind the long silk drapes hanging from the ceiling. The vibrantly colored silks divided the room into small alcoves, providing privacy and seclusion for those who wanted it. Beneath the laughter though was a low, guttural undertone of sighs and moans. One never knew what she might chance upon when pulling back a curtain. She saw Lady Katelyn, who had her presentation at court just last week sacrificing her maidenhead to a great big Doberman. In another, matronly Lady Gwendolyth was being taken by two burly footmen. She even saw one of the Dukes on his knees, fellating one of his lesser orc barons.

 When she first started these parties, many of her court wore masks to protect their identities and reputations. Now, after eighteen years of rule only a handful still bothered to protect their identities. Most had come to embrace their Queen's licentious lifestyle and adopt it for their own. After all, Ruar was the City of Sin. Those who opposed the new way, or who wondered at the old calumnies of Jeanette being a whore had been silent since the dissolution of the Duchy of Swetford and the imprisonment or exile of the rebels' families.

 Today's celebration was special. Not only was it her birthday, but the Midland Counties of Heste recently abandoned the weak King Garrett Ousten of Heste and swore fealty to her. The truce she negotiated with Garrett at the end of the second war had lasted a few years, but orcs will be orcs. They began raiding again, and Jeanette was happy to let them do so. It brought in much needed coin and livestock to the Duchy of Braden and the Low Counties to help rebuild their economies after the Second Hesten War. She correctly wagered that King Garrett was too timid to risk another war, just as she knew he wouldn't protest when the Midland Counties defected to her. A smile crossed her lips. I will have to find a proper way of thanking him for not challenging me on taking his former vassals.

 The center of the hall was left wide open, and was where people could mingle and socialize more openly. Of course, Jeanette had another reason as well. She made her way to the center of the room where a whipping post had been set up on her orders. Conversation died away as she passed, as the onlookers were struck silent by the semi-transparent purple dress than hung to her every curve. She had worked hard to overcome the ravages that 13 births had inflicted on her body. Now that more children seemed unlikely, she was finally able to recover the sexy body she was known for. Even better, her already large breasts had grown considerably with motherhood, so if anything she looked better than ever.

 "Good evening Lords and Ladies, as well as my guests of all social standing. Thank you for coming tonight to celebrate my birthday!" Jeanette smiled as the party clapped respectfully. "And of course, to welcome the Lords of the Midland Counties into the Great Kingdom of Zentara!" Not that they were invited to this party: their morals were still too suspect for that. Nonetheless, her guests continued to applaud their Queen. "I would like to crown tonight's festivities with an old tradition: the birthday spanking!" Murmurs of uncertainty rippled through the crowd, though the sight of the Queen sliding the straps of her dress off her shoulders and letting the expensive silk garment fall to the floor dampened them.

 Jeanette stood there in all her naked glory a she slowly turned around to address the entire crowd. "And to ensure there is no fear or worry of retribution-" Jeanette lifted a blindfold off the top of the post and wrapped it around her head, covering her eyes, "-I shall blindfold myself, so as not to see who strikes my royal arse." The crowd tittered at that. She then slipped her hands through two loops of rope hanging off the post and pulled the end tight, closing them around her wrists and binding her to the pillar. "So step forward! Don't be shy!"

 ****

 Agmar's cock stirred in his pants as he watched Jeanette strip off her dress and display her body to the crowd. His hand dropped to the stiffening bulge in his pants and rubbed it idly as he eyed his mother's large breasts and naked slit. Though of course he didn't remember it, he had once sucked on those fat titties. It struck him as absurd that he couldn't do so now. As he saw those dark areolas and hard nipples bounce on her breasts, he wanted nothing more than to latch his teeth on and dig his tusks into her flesh.

 A dark smile crossed his lips as he watched her slip the blindfold over her eyes. Surely one of these fools would smack her like she deserved. His mother ought to be punished for neglecting her first born son. Grotok would be King one day, and if his mother had her way, Belkor would be King of Heste. But what about him? Agmar had to be content with a simple knighthood. Not even a public admission of maternity! Oh, she might assure him privately that he was her son and she loved him, but he could still hear the snickers behind his back from the others. Agmar the green skinned. Agmar the bastard. Agmar the whoreson.

 The grin was soon replaced by a scowl as he watched the Queen's foolish courtiers give her a few weak, harmless smacks. Didn't anyone have the courage to hit her for real? Well, at least one person did. The green-skinned orc stepped off from the wall and pushed his way through the crowd, elbowing aside anyone who didn't move quickly enough. When he finally cleared the crowd and strode imperiously towards his mother, shocked gasps rippled through the guests as they realized who he was.

 Jeanette didn't seem to hear them, or at least, couldn't make out what the crowd was murmuring. All she knew was that someone new, someone different had approached her. "Are you here to give me my spanking? These others have been far too gentle and I have a long way to go."

 His cock throbbed harder as his mother shook her round ass invitingly. He wanted to tear his pants off right there and slam it inside, but first things first. He unbuckled his belt and yanked the leather strap free. His strong, calloused hand cupped his mother's ass cheek and rubbed it up and down, before pulling it to the side to reveal her puckered anus.

 In his mind's eye he saw his cock stretching open his mother's bottom, but it only lasted a moment before he released the cheek and brought his belt down on her soft, pale skin. The resounding crack filled the room, briefly drowning out even the horrified gasps of the crowd.

 "How dare he!"

 "That's the Queen!"

 "Someone stop him!"

 No one dared challenge is glowering menace. He was large even for an orc, and had developed a reputation as a fierce, cruel fighter. More than one knight who annoyed him ended up maimed and crippled after a simple practice bout. 

 He brought the belt down on her ass again, and then again, hard enough to leave flaming red welts over her milky flesh. A satisfied smile crossed his face as he heard his mother shriek out in pain. To his surprise though, and to the surprise of the guests, she didn't immediately begin commanding he stop and release her. He always knew his mother was a slut, and took her silence for permission to continue.

 ****

 Jeanette arched her back and cried out as the belt cracked against her backside again. Her ass felt like it was on fire, and she already knew she was going to have difficulty sitting down for at least a week. At last someone with some daring had stepped forward, but who could it be? Before she could properly picture the room and the guests in place, the belt hit her again. This time it moved to her thighs. She yelped in pain and jumped, but that didn't keep the heat from building up between her thighs.

 The image of herself bound, blindfolded, and naked before her entire court while she was being whipped made her want to climax right there. She stuck her ass out even further and shook it back in forth, trying to entice the man to hitting her there again. Instead he smacked her harshly in the ribs, making the bones ache and forcing the air from her lungs.

 She could hear the other guests start to grumble and protest, but no one came forward to stop her abuser. He hit her again on the other side, and then again. She winced and cried out in pain, and for the first time she considered commanding him to stop. But there was something in the back of her mind that stopped her. She hadn't felt like this in a long time; she hadn't felt trapped and powerless at least since her time working at the Soiled Dove. She enjoyed a great many erotic games since ascending the throne, but never one with the same sense of risk that she enjoyed before. At least not until now.

 She could feel the man's arm reach back and prepare to strike, which made her flinch. But the blow never came; instead the man moved his fingers between her thighs and began rubbing her pussy. She gasped softly at the sudden change. She could tell the fingers were big, so they probably belonged to an orc. A louder moan escaped her lips as she pictured her mystery orc lover standing behind her bruised and battered body. She began to rock her hips back, rubbing her slick cunt over his thick fingers.

 "Ah...mmmph!" Jeanette shuddered in pleasure as the finger rolled over her clit, and then dipped inside her pussy. It stirred about, rubbing and stretching the walls as it pumped in and out. But just as the Queen's pleasure started to enter its stride, the hand pulled away and the belt cracked against her skin again. The coarse leather raked down her back, decorating her with more welts and bruises and causing her to shriek out in pain.

 The blows continued to fall, stroking her legs and ass, her back and sides. She winced and whimpered as she moved back and forth against the post, trying to evade the blows. As they came faster, she heard more protests from the crowd. The guests were getting more heated as the abuse continued. Just when they got to the point where a fight seemed inevitable, the blows stopped again. Then the hand returned,, but instead of rubbing her pussy again it roughly spread her thighs apart. The Queen heard a rustling behind her. Is he taking his cock out? Is he going to fuck me right here? Who is he? A shiver ran through her as she realized that an unknown orc was going to fuck her in front of her party guests. It wouldn't be the first time she'd been publicly fucked of course, but it would be the first time it happened with her being tied and blindfolded. I can't stop him even if I wanted to!

 ****

 Agmar looked down at his mother's bruised and battered body with satisfaction. It wasn't any secret that she was a lewd, indecent woman but he doubted that she had ever taken a beating like that. Even better, he was about to fuck her himself! That would shut up the people who whispered about him being her bastard son. No one would suspect that if he fucked her, and so publicly too. The only thing dampening his move was the way his mother undulated against the pillory. She was enjoying this far too much. This was supposed to be for his enjoyment, not hers!

 Well, no matter. Agmar gripped his cock and rubbed the tapered end against Jeanette's wet slit. Her petals were already opening, though he assumed that she was so well fucked these days that they were always in blossom. He could feel her tremble beneath him, and watched as she inhaled sharply and held her breath in anticipation of his entry.

 He let her linger a moment, then just as she began to exhale he looped the belt around her neck and pulled it tight. Just as the leather closed around his throat he slammed himself in, pushing all the way to her cervix as he smashed inside with his battering ram. He immediately began rocking his hips, pumping in and out of her relentlessly. Take it! He thought. Take your son's cock! I bet you love it, I bet it's the best cock you've ever had! I'm going to make you beg for it before we're done!

 His mother's hot velvet snatch tightened around his cock as he rammed it in. The little slut was fucking him back! Agmar began thrusting harder, slapping his hips harshly against her already battered backside. Each thrust made the walls of his mom's cunt ripple around the ridges of his cock. As the tapered end slid between the walls a fierce tingling pleasure gripped his sensitive tip. Again and again he thrust, grunting harder now as he threw more of his weight into his pistoning hips.

It's a shame Turogg can't see her now. He may have gotten to be King and spawn her heir, but now he's dead and I'm showing everyone what a whore my mother really is. Now all that remains is to show her! He began to move even faster still in anticipation. I'm going to rip that blindfold off and make her look me in the eye when she cums for me!

 He leaned in close, pressing into her back as he lowered his face to her neck. He bit her from behind as he began moving in short, rapid thrusts. His hands ran up her sides to grip her breasts. He squeezed both sharply, pinching until his strong fingers left marks. He then grabbed her nipples and pulled them away from her body until she cried out in pain. He could feel her pussy clamping and releasing his shaft faster and faster and knew that it was almost time.

 He quickly untied the ropes to free her hands and spun her around while still impaled on his dick. He bounced her up and down on his shaft with one hand while the other moved to her blindfold.

 ****

 Jeanette's world spun as she felt that thick cock plunging inside her, stirring up pleasure that crashed against the searing pain in her body like waves on a cliff. Her strong orc lover manipulated her body easily, moving her about as he desired. She loved the feeling of being controlled as he moved her up and down. I am going to make him my new favorite! This can't be the last time I fuck him! When the mystery orc moved to take off her blindfold she cupped his face in her hands, eager to see who her bold lover was.

 When the blindfold was ripped off her face her eyes widened in surprise as she saw her son's eyes staring down at her triumphantly. "Ag-" she was interrupted by her son kissing her deeply. He plunged his tongue inside her mouth dominantly as he continued to pump inside her. She tried to protest, to push his face away but he held her too tightly.

 As Agmar's tongue explored her mouth, she found her own tongue rising to greet it. She twisted it around her son's tongue as her lips closed to suckle on the muscle. "Mmm..." His strong hands continued to move her up and down on his cock. The longer she bounced, the more her resistance faded and soon she was pumping her hips into him. I'm fucking my son! The realization sent a shiver through her. She had done many wicked, taboo things in her life, but never anything like this. I'm fucking my son! "Aaaaah!" She cried out in pleasure, and then quickly began kissing him again.

Her arms dropped to his broad shoulders. She gripped and rubbed them, using them for leverage to pull herself up and down on his cock. Why does it feel so good? I shouldn't be doing this! She couldn't bring herself to think that it was wrong, though, not when it felt so right. She just saw a dog deflowering a maiden. How much worse was fucking your son compared to that?

 The moment she mentally accepted him a fresh wave of pleasure coursed through her body. She was going to do it. She submitted to it, surrendered to her desire. She was going to fuck her son. She was going to make him cum deep in the body that birthed him. Agmar's eyes continued to burn with lust and triumph as he gazed down at his mother.

 "You like my cock, don't you mother? I always knew you were a whore. Everyone said it, and I saw the truth every day when you strutted about half naked in your silks." Agmar spat the words, but quiet enough so no one could hear while punctuating each one with a strong thrust. "Well how do you like mine? Tell me how much you love your son's big cock."

 Either his words or his thrusts made her flinch and squeezed her heart like a vice. She couldn't help but acknowledge the truth however. The thick ridges of his cock were doing wonders on her sensitive inner walls, and soon she would be cumming for her son. "Ah, please, don't say it, just do it, keep going!"

 "Oh no, I want to hear you say it. Say you love your bastard son's cock. Beg for it to fill your whore cunt!" Agmar slowed his movements and tightened his grip on the Queen, pinching her bruised flesh as he reduced his momentum to a torturous pace.

 By the Abyss, could I really say it? Fuck, I do want it. I need it and I love it. I haven't found a new boundary to cross in years. It isn't so bad! "Please, Agmar, please fuck me! I love your big cock! Please fuck me with your big cock!"

 Agmar began to slam inside her again, faster and harder now like before as he quickly worked them both up to a climax. "As you wish, Mother. I'm going to cum deep inside you. What do you think, are you still young enough to get knocked up? I would think so, after all you were pretty young when you had me, weren't you? Well, at least this time you'll know who the father is, eh?"

 His words made her quiver. They were so naughty. Hearing her son call her 'mother' while he fucked her was pushing her to heights she hadn't experienced in ages. "Yes! Yes fuck me, my son! Fuck your mother, shoot you cum deep inside me! Knock me up, give me another child!"

 "A green skinned bastard just like me!" Agmar growled out as he finally pushed all the way inside and then released himself.

 "Aaaaah!" Jeanette cried out as her own climax hit. She wrapped her legs around him, holding her boy tight as he unleashed his thick load of jizz deep inside her body. "Mmm! Ng ng ah! Yes!" She rode the waves of pleasure as she held her svelte body to her burly, muscular son. They continued to move against one another until finally both climaxes were spent.

 One his orgasm subsided, Agmar dropped Jeanette to the ground and fixed his pants. Jeanette looked up at him and shivered at the sight of his knowing smile. This isn't going to be the last time. He's going to want this again. When he walked away, she looked out and remembered that half her court was watching, open mouthed. And so will I. With a groan, she pulled herself up by the pillory. "I hope you enjoyed the show." She tried to sound calm, but her voice caught and rattled breathlessly. "I am going to freshen up, but I do hope you'll continue to enjoy the party. I shall return shortly."

 ****

 Jeanette moved to her private quarters to change clothing, or rather, to get dressed in something that wasn't soiled. Despite her promise, she didn't intend to return to her party tonight. She couldn't face them all again after they watched her getting beaten and fucked by Agmar. Many of them probably suspected that he was her son. What would they think after tonight? Would they think she was lewd enough to sleep with her firstborn child? Or would they be less inclined to think that Agmar was really her son?

 Either way, she needed to speak with her other children, at least the older ones, before they heard any rumors. After cleaning Agmar's spunk out of her pussy, she slipped on an emerald green thong and matching silk dress and began making her way to the Princes' wing of the castle through a secret passage. What am I going to do about Agmar? He is going to want to fuck me again, and do who knows what else. Am I really going to allow him? A shiver went through her, and her nipples hardened. The thought excited her, she couldn't deny that. What is it about violating the taboo of incest that is getting me so hot? I feel like I did those first nights at the Soiled Dove. It's like a sexual awakening all over again.
