 The Dowager Marchioness didn't waste time. She reached under her surcoat, close to her hip, to pull out a pair of scissors chased by silver. "I'm going to remove your bonds now." She took one of Jansetta's limp wrists in her hand. Then she slid the blades under one of the loops, snipped, and then went to the other. Once that bit of cord had silently fallen to the mats on the floor, Etiennette reached below to free Jansetta's ankles. As she put her scissors back under her surcoat, she gave a gentle command. "Remove your shoes and stockings. In the spring and summer, our legs and feet are bare." 

Jansetta's eyes narrowed, and she gave the woman a suspicious look, but she obeyed without a complaint. She neatly rolled her stocking and garters on top of the leather shoes and left them close to a wall that separated her from the men's area. 

When Jansetta's legs were decently bare under her clothing, Etiennette asked, "What's your name?" 

After a deep bow, Jansetta told her. 

The older woman's green eyes winced. "Jansetta Thenel? Not any longer. You are the Marchioness of the Naruhoto Province, Lady Jansetta Thibou." 

An uncertain puff of air squeaked out of Jansetta's throat. She was rubbing old soreness out of her wrists and hoping she would be able to give her ankles similar treatment soon. 

"Come on, then," the older woman said as she rose to her feet. She let her sleeves drag on the smooth mats. "We have prepared for a woman's arrival. You must be dressed properly, at least before lunch." She pushed away a wall, and then another. Jansetta followed her, trying to listen, since Etiennette was apparently her guide in this new life. 

"Many townhouses and manors have their homes divided in half," Etiennette said as she continued to nudge away walls, making a sort of hallway for them to walk through. Jansetta noticed there was a long pin of polished wood impaling the bun at the back of her neck. It seemed to be for decoration. 

"This is a castle, however," went on the older woman, "the women's quarters are close to the center of the structure, with the men living in the space surrounding us. Although, I should say, the men's area doesn't completely surround us. There is a section of our space connected to an stone wall of the keep, so that we may gaze through the windows." 

"You must have many maidservants." 

Etiennette halted, her fingers against a wall that had an intricate carving of centaurs playing with pet birds that had leashes attached to their ankles. She turned her head back towards Jansetta, who had also halted. "What's a maidservant?" 

Was this a language problem? Jansetta shrugged as she said, "A maidservant is a female servant." 

Etiennette shook her head. "No family, no matter how poor, would send their daughter off to work in another house. She's more valuable either working in her own family or sold off to be a wife, or in some dire circumstances, sold off to be an adopted daughter." 

"Oh." Jansetta's toes flexed against the mats on the floor. She liked their almost cushion-like textures. "So, the only people in the women's side are the women of the family? There are no servants here?" 

"There are servants, but they are all men, and they do not come here." 

Etiennette started walking again, pushing away walls with ease. The rolling noises that came from the movements weren't anywhere near as irritating as Jansetta would have assumed. Most of the time, the walls seemed almost quiet, like a comb being pulled through long hair. 

Keeping up behind her, her feet even more quiet than the walls, Jansetta continued listening to the older woman ... her mother-in-law ... Jansetta's heart seemed to tighten. She pressed her palm against her bosom. 

"When I was last at the royal court, I noticed the princesses were wearing a new style of braids and dress. I decided that we should wait until we have our new mistress to experiment with the style. My daughters have been rather impatient. They want to wear the new style as soon as possible." One of her fingers danced in the air, and her sleeve swung upwards. "Ah! I have two daughters. You'll meet them soon." 

They walked on until they reached a wooden staircase. Her bejeweled hand on a dark metal railing, Etiennette looked back at Jansetta and reminded her to stay close. 

On the second floor, there were more beautifully covered floors and occasional furniture. Eventually, Etiennette led Jansetta to a large rectangle of a room. A few unlit lamps were about. There was a recess in the floor, where a cold brazier waited. A square shaped table was placed over the recess, with enough space between it and the brazier so that if hot charcoal would be placed inside, the table wouldn't overheat. There was a single cushion near the table, where one could sit or kneel. 

Aside from that sitting area, there were several pieces of furniture. A short set of varying drawers was attached to a tall mirror in one corner. A smaller, circular mirror, held up by a similar base, was on top of a wide table that reminded Jansetta of a desk. Under the table, there were several boxes with shiny lacquer designs. Most of the boxes had visible drawers. A bit away from the table, there were two tall wardrobes and two chests. 

Etiennette went to a wall and pushed it aside, revealing a closet for pillows, folded and rolled mattresses, blankets, and other things for sleeping. "You'll have to pull out your bed at night and put it away in the morning. It won't do to seem lazy." 

She closed the wall, hiding the closet, and then she walked to a wardrobe. Her fingers close together, she waved upwards at Jansetta, beckoning her to approach. As Jansetta padded over to her, she watched Etiennette open the wardrobe and pull out a few pieces of clothing. 

First, there was a chemise that had a lower neckline that Jansetta was used to, not low enough to display any of a woman's bosom, but still lower than normal. Then, there was a bright pink gown with long sleeves. The neckline there was also a bit low. Jansetta couldn't help but notice the lovely silver embroidery framing that neckline, the sleeves' edges, and the hem of the whole gown. The pattern was a lovely, looping design of swirling lines. Lastly, there was a thick leather belt with a golden buckle in the front, meant to be tightened around the waist. 

Jansetta had the pieces of clothing placed upon her form. Her previous garments were folded and put away inside the wardrobe. At her back there was something odd; they were laces, strings put through tiny hoops. Etiennette told her that the laces needed to be tied, but just this once, she'd provide assistance. The gown was tightened around the waist, which displayed Jansetta's figure more prominently than she had expected. Then the belt was placed around her waist. 

Another garment Etiennette chose was an olive colored robe that had no buttons or laces. It was left completely open on Jansetta's figure. The long sleeves were only slightly shorter than pink ones underneath, providing a mildly layered effect. The silver embroidery on this piece matched the patterns on the pink gown, and that had Jansetta wondering if the robe was made specifically for the gown. 

"There we are," Etiennette said with a grin. "I don't believe we'll have to alter this gown. It fits you well. So, on to the jewelry, then. I've given you some of my best pieces, but don't worry if you aren't fond of them. Simon can always find more for you." 

Simon? 

Jansetta's lips puckered into an uncertain expression. 

Then the memory relaxed her mouth. 

Oh ... that's right. Simon Thibou was her husband, apparently. 

Etiennette reached under the desk-like table for one of the boxes. She placed her chosen box, which was quite large, onto the tabletop and seemed to silently break it in half, but Jansetta soon understood that the box was designed to be opened vertically. Etiennette pulled out several drawers to show that the box was mostly empty, but then revealed a few pieces of jewelry in the lowest drawer. They seemed to be very well made. 

A single ring was placed on Jansetta's middle finger. It had a thick and large golden disk adorned with little spheres of the same metal just inside the circumference, and even on the curved edge. Eight white pearls were inside the circle in an evenly spaced pattern. Finally, in the center, there was a smooth gemstone of a deep blue color. Jansetta didn't know what to think of the ring, and she spent a few seconds gawking at the thing while Etiennette mumbled about finding a certain necklace. 

The necklace turned out to be a simple chain of gold with a single pendant of polished moonstone. "Ah," Etiennette said once the pendant was lightly touching the neckline of Jansetta's gown, "it just so happens to suit your pretty flesh. Why, I imagine necklaces will become more elaborate if this style of gown remains popular." Her head tilted a bit as she gave a casual shrug. "Well, I should show you the most charming way to arrange your hair." 

It was then that a man's voice was heard through one of the walls, one that seemed to be part of the boundary between the women's side and the men's side. "I hope everything's well!" 

Jansetta jumped a bit. Her new necklace's pendant bounced rather painfully on her skin. 

Not even looking towards the wall, Etiennette called out, "Everything's well! Be patient!" She patted Jansetta's shoulder. "Forgive him, Dearheart, he's likely brimming with fervor." 

Dearheart? Jansetta frowned. 

Etiennette took another box from under the table and opened it. There were a few combs and hair accessories inside. She described all the favored hairstyles of young Breden women these days, and even what the princesses had been seen wearing, and as she told her new daughter-in-law these things, she combed her blonde hair for her, and eventually parted it in two sections. Then she braided each section, weaving in beautiful white silk ribbons. Once that was done, each braid was set in a single loop, so that the curved sections lightly touched Jansetta's shoulders. The loops were held in place by tight clasps of gold. 

"I believe this will do until Simon can take you to Anath. Ah, that's the closest city." Etiennette nodded. Then her expression changed to something of minor shock, and she pressed the heel of her hand against her brow. "I forgot to show you the rest of your quarters! I'm terribly sorry, Dearheart!" 

Jansetta watched her open a small area where a chamber pot with a lid was located. The only reason the area was small, though, was because of the way the walls were arranged. The pot itself was purposely placed near the boundary so that a woman could leave a wall open and a servant could simply take the pot away to be cleaned. A slightly larger room was revealed after that one. One of the walls was immobile, and close to that wall there was a beautiful statue of polished wood. It was of a nude woman carrying a small girl toddler in her arms. According to Etienette, this was a small shrine where a woman was meant to pray every morning and night, if she wished. 

"This is Chussan, our goddess of childbirth," said the mother-in-law, nodding towards it. She then pointed to a tiny stone slab at the statue's feet, where an ashtray was waiting for use. "You might want to provide a small sacrifice to her on some days. She prefers to have small pieces of fruit or vegetables burned before her." 

Jansetta's feet turned cold, and her toes flexed and curled against the mats. 

A new family, in a nation different from her own. 

That meant she might not be allowed to pray to the gods of her homeland. 

A frightened tremor assaulted her stomach, and her hands flew to her mouth. Her throat was suddenly full of vomit, and she had to force it back. 

"What's the matter?" Etiennette gripped her shoulders from behind, which wasn't difficult. She was taller than her new daughter-in-law. 

Once she was certain that her vomit had been safely swallowed down, Jansetta said, "It's nothing, Madam, but I do believe I need some wine or mint. I can taste something sickening in my breath." 

"Ah! That Purveyor should have given you better food!" She heard Etienette's gown brush against the floor as she walked off. "No matter at all, though. You'll have something good soon." Then Jansetta heard a wall being slid only a little. "Simon, your new wife isn't feeling well. Find some mint water and milk toast! And why doesn't she have a wash basin? Do something about that!" Then the wall was shut again. "I only showed a part of myself. He hasn't seen you in your glory yet." 

Jansetta heard hooves sliding and tapping away. She sighed and tugged on one of her long sleeves. Her new clothing was very fine. It would've been a shame to dump sickness over it. 

"Why don't you relax, rest on a cushion, run your fingers through your thoughts?" Etiennette moved another wall away, showing a closet full of entertaining objects. There were a few musical instruments, boxes of board games, sewing kits on top of rolls of fabric, a folded easel with a box of paints and a few blank canvases, various boxes of writing materials, scrolls, and even a few books. Books were pretty expensive, at least they were in Jansetta's homeland. 

As she went to kneel on the cushion close to the square table over the brazier, Jansetta watched her mother-in-law place a recorder flute on the table. Then, she partially opened up a scroll of blank paper onto the tabletop and slid a thin box onto that paper. When she flipped open the lid, ink, pen knives, and quill pens were displayed. Then, Etiennette placed a small lamp and a tinderbox on a corner of the table, a safe distance away from all the other objects. It wasn't dark yet, but it would be eventually. 

A rapping was heard on a wall. It was the wall to Jansetta's right, the wall that her husband was likely standing behind. Etiennette hurried over there, and she only allowed a small bit of the wall to be moved, just enough for her to take all the items she had requested. 

"Thank you. I'll see to her now." Etiennette put a tray holding a cup of water and a few chunks of toast beside Jansetta, right on the floor. Then, she carried a larger tray onto the desk-like table that had a mirror. That tray had a pitcher of water, a nicely painted bowl, a neatly folded white rag, and a bar of soap. 

"I'm going to supervise the cooks. They should be preparing lunch by now." Etiennette patted her simple, yet elegant hairstyle and smiled at Jansetta. "Eventually, you will be the one to supervise them. You might even assist them. You'll have to tuck your sleeves into your belt, but you'll feel more satisfied with yourself once it's all done." 

Lacing her fingers together, Jansetta looked up at the woman's eyes and asked, "How are you to help them if you are separated from them?" 

Etiennette started tying one of her sleeves up into an oddly knotted thing, shortening its length, "It's rather obvious. I simply put my feet into clogs and step into their domain. There's also a women's section in the kitchen, but I prefer to wear shoes there because the floor is made of stone. It's not difficult to have a man reach over to hand you something, or to take something away." She moved on to her other sleeve. "With enough time, you'll have gained a favorite food. So, do be patient with the cooks. They have yet to learn of your preferences. Are there any foods that cause you to swell up, or endure a rash, or anything else so vicious?" 

Jansetta shook her head. Her looped braids swayed a little. "No, Madam." 

With a short nod, Etiennette said, "Ah, I'm relieved. I'll leave you to learn about your new husband. A servant should arrive when lunch is ready." 

As she left, she opened and closed a wall behind her, leaving the room's perimeter in a complete state. 

Jansetta was metaphorically sinking in the silence. She didn't even hear movement from the men's side. Did her husband leave? She hoped so. 

A few knocks on the wall. 

Jansetta sighed. So much for silence! 

"Hello? Are you well?" 

His voice was rather nice, a bit muffled, but nice. She nearly shivered. 

Then she tasted her breath again. She cried out with an uneven voice, "I'm well, but I need a moment!" She yanked up the cup of water, nearly spilling it. As she poured the liquid into her mouth, she tasted very strong mint. She rinsed her mouth out the best she could, and then she wondered where to spit it out. She wasn't about to open the wall and spit on the dirt outside her room. 

Jansetta's head turned towards the brazier, and she thought that was probably the best location. Carefully, she put her palms on the edge of the table, and she shoved it aside, making rough scraping noises against the floor's mats. Then, she spat into the brazier. After she dragged the table back to its original position, she focused on the milk toast. It was every bit as bland and comforting as it should have been. She wolfed down every bit of it. 

A few deep breaths rose and fell, puffing out her chest. Her new pendant followed her body's rhythm. The muscles in her feet felt the weight of her backside. 

"Hello?" 

Even when lightly deadened by the wooden wall between them, his voice was still lovely. There was concern in that voice, concern dipped in something darker, something similar to hunger. 

Jansetta turned her cushion and her body around to face the panels of walls. There was a combination of carving and lacquer painting on those panels. There was a landscape of dark green mountains with a rushing waterfall that filled a long river. The river was visited by various beasts and birds. Trees, bushes, fruits and flowers, all were delicately created in the walls. 

Jansetta said as she admired the beauty, "Good afternoon, My Lord." 

Two distinct thumps against the floor were heard. "Why do you address me as a servant would?" 

An eyebrow quirking, Jansetta bowed, even though she knew she wasn't visible. "Should I not show respect to my master?" 

"I'm the master of the estate." There was a short laugh. "I'm not the master of my wife." 

Nonplussed, Jansetta looked down at her covered knees. "Then ... ah ... hhmmm?" 

"I was told your name is Jansetta." 

She nodded, even though she wasn't visible to him. "Yes." 

"That's a beautiful name. There should be a flower called Jansetta." Another pattern of thumps were heard outside the wall, as if he was moving his body somewhere. "Tell me of your life before you were taken here." 

"I'm surprised you'd want to know of my life." 

She heard a single, loud, impatient thud against the dirt. "Do you believe I'm a cruel man? Do you believe I don't think of my wife as I should? Tell me of your former family, please." 

Her instincts told her to bow. Then she remembered that he couldn't see her. "I once had a mother and father. Then I had a brother." 

"Were they good to you?" 

"I believe so." A fingertip went under her eye to rub away a mild itch. "One day, though, I lost my father and brother in the same week. It was an illness that had them coughing out blood." 

"I'm very sorry. You must have been distressed." 

Another nod. "I was. My mother remarried, but she died soon after. Her heart was weak." 

"I'm sorry to hear that. Is your heart weak?" 

"I don't believe so." Her eyebrows lowered as the thought touched her mind. "I've never had any symptoms of a weak heart, and I don't believe I'll have any problems with it, but I suppose the future is impossible to accurately tell." 

"Was your stepfather the one who sold you?" 

"Yes, Sir." 

THUMP!! 

Jansetta lurched up a bit in her seat. Simon Thibou had seemed to earnestly stomp onto the earth. 

"Don't call me Sir!" 

"Yes, ah!" Her thoughts paused as she tried to find a suitable word to use. "Husband?" 
