 Knock, knock, knock! 

"Wife?" 

Jansetta's eyelids were sticky. Dragging them apart seemed like a chore. There weren't any windows to aim daylight into her face, but she could tell it was morning. 

"Wife, are you awake?" 

A long, heavy yawn came out of her. Her limbs stretched under the light blanket. "Ahhh ... Husband?" 

"Good morning! Breakfast should be ready soon. Would you prefer to eat in your room, or with everyone else." 

None of it was a dream. 

Her eyes closed. She licked her teeth. 

"I'd prefer to eat here this morning." 

"That's fine. Would you mind if I ate near you?" 

Jansetta had wanted to be alone, but she couldn't think of a way to deny his request without being rude. "I don't mind." 

As she flipped her blanket off and sat up, she noticed that the very much unlocked walls didn't have a single crack for anyone to peek through. She imagined that he might not feel the need to look at her, since he would see her soon anyway. 

Then again, he could peek at her while she dressed herself. 

But ... he was her husband ... shouldn't he have seen her bare body by now? 

Jansetta shook her messy hair about herself and decided to worry about certain intimacies only when she needed to. 

"Thank you, Wife," said the voice from behind the walls. "I'll wait here with you for breakfast." 

She went to search in one of her wardrobes for something to wear. There were a number of lovely garments to choose from. She chose a dark blue gown with a sheen in the fabric. Then, once her gown was laced in the back, she put a somewhat plain belt around her waist. Finally, an open robe of a pale coral color was placed over her body, completing the outfit. 

Simon's voice was heard again as she searched for hair accessories. "Do you remember that we're meant to go to Anath?" 

"I haven't forgotten, Husband." Jansetta found long ribbons that were a silvery color, and they glimmered as if they really were made of that precious metal. Then she found two silver clasps to hold her hair in place, and a matching circlet. "I hope that, as a foreigner, I will not humiliate you." 

"You shouldn't fret. Everyone understands that a foreigner will not understand everything." 

"I'm grateful, then." Realizing she had forgotten to give a prayer, Jansetta put her hair accessories onto her desk-like table, which she decided to call a dressing table, and then she weaved her fingers together, lowered her head, and closed her eyes. A short whisper of a prayer was made as she knelt before her dressing table. Then she realized she had left the comb on the square table. 

As she went back to the square table, she heard Simon ask, "Have you decided on a gift yet?" 

"No, Husband," was her reply. 

"New jewelry, then? There are many centaur artisans, but dwarven jewelry is often favored." 

She was combing her hair into a smoother state. "I have a safe home and healthy food, more than I thought I'd have when I was sold. I don't need much else." 

"Perhaps I shouldn't badger you over this. Would you mind if I explained how we are meant to travel to Anath?" 

"By carriage?" She parted her hair into two sections. "But, what of you and your brothers? You won't fit in a carriage." 

"Even the king himself would run alongside a carriage. If a centaur is ill or injured, however, a long trailer might be used. We have to have many guards to run with us, though. It would be horrible if bandits overwhelmed us on the journey." 

Jansetta was braiding one of the silvery ribbons into some of her hair when she asked, "Are centaurs ever bothered by the weather?" 

"Not as terribly as other people. When it's cold, we would wear thick clothing to protect our barer parts, but a natural winter coat grows during this time, keeping the rest of our bodies safe." 

Finishing her hairstyle, which was similar to what she had yesterday, Jansetta asked, "Don't you dislike having to run everywhere, even when the air is cold?" 

"I know dwarven men don't like it. They use carriages just as their women do. As for we centaurs, running is part of our life, and we enjoy it. If we cannot run, we cannot smile." 

"Ah." Jansetta put the circlet on her head. "That's understandable." She searched all the boxes for anything for tooth cleaning. She found some tooth powder and a few unused chew sticks, which were basically twigs with frayed ends. They were the same as the chew sticks she had used in her homeland. 

She spent a few minutes brushing her teeth as she listened to Simon explain how the morning was to go. After breakfast, the women would find their nicest stockings, shoes, and summer cloaks. Then the men in the family would carry them off to the carriage. 

Normally, Etiennette would ride on Simon's back, but Simon had a wife now. So, Etiennette would have to ride on a trusted, strong servant's back. The Chestnut Sisters would rely on their Chestnut Brothers to carry them. Once the family arrived in Anath, the women would return to their assigned men, and the shopping trip would begin. 

After her teeth were brushed, she put on a set of stockings and soft leather shoes. Then breakfast arrived. Jansetta opened a wall so she could take a tray from a servant. She left the wall open as she placed the tray onto her square table and knelt down. 

She saw Simon with a table of his own, standing in the hallway and smiling at her. He had on a charming orange muffin hat with straight white feathers attached to the brim. An orange tunic was on his humanoid torso, attached to a matching festoon over his horse-like body, and a chain of gold metal and onyx stones was pinned near the humanoid shoulders, creating a different sort of festoon. There was something new belted onto him, a very long, sheathed sword, which was likely for self-defense. It was common even in Jansetta's homeland for a man to carry a weapon, from farming implements to very sharp and expensive blades. 

Jansetta sighed into her food. She told herself that the hot vegetable soup was heating her face and body, and it wasn't the dazzling sight of such a well dressed man sending favorable looks her way. 

When the meal was finished, Simon gently suggested that she take a light cloak from one of the wardrobes. It was a very sunny morning. It wouldn't do to have no protection. In fact, after he gave the suggestion, he left to his chamber and returned with his own cloak, a pale green one. It was slightly shorter than a human man's cloak, because it only covered the humanoid back, and didn't have a set of human legs to protect. 

Simon turned to show Jansetta that he already had a saddle for her, and a belt was in one of his hands. There were also a few leather pouches tied to him, probably for money or something else. "We should show the rest of the family that we are ready," he said plainly. 

Jansetta walked over to him and climbed into the saddle. She took the belt from his hand and used it to link their waists together. Then he carried her around to look for the family. The other women turned out to be just as anxious to go as Simon was. They were all on a man, fully dressed and excited to go to town. The Chestnut Sisters had apparently been given permission from their mother to try the latest fashions. They had gowns and robes similar to Jansetta's clothing, and their braids were in innocent looking loops. 

The centaurs all carried the women down a set of equestrian stairs lined with earth. Jansetta wondered if any centaurs were hired to do any traveling where there were hard surfaces. If so, would those centaurs wear horseshoes? 

Eventually they were taken outside the keep and towards the outer wall. It was quite noisy. There were still many workers outside the wall, trying to build up a newer one. Jansetta wondered if Sabina and Kornel were with them, possibly looking at technical drawings together, or giving someone an order. She wondered about whether or not their lives were satisfying. Certainly, they were not rich people, but they had steady work, and they would always have something challenging to occupy their minds with. They had seemed quite happy, even excited, to work on this project. 

The well guarded carriage the women were placed in was rather plush. Jansetta could even say she felt secure and comfortable in the vehicle. When they were being pulled along, she was able to have an enjoyable conversation with Etiennette while the Chestnut Sisters occasionally nodded, their cold, pale faces reminding Jansetta of snow. 

Once they were just outside a crowded marketplace teeming with activity, the women went right back to their assigned males. The group was made even larger with most of the guards following close by. Jansetta was concerned because centaurs took up a great deal of space, but when she noted the great amount of space everyone, from commoner to noble, was allowed to walk on in the marketplace, she realized that these men had built everything to suit their bodies. 

It was the dwarves who had to adapt, carrying around ladders and stools so they could be at a reasonable level with centaurs as they sold or purchased goods. The human women, though, didn't need to worry about crowding the area, because they were all on centaurs, even the peasants. However, it was quite obvious that the peasant women had to walk around on the ground at times, usually when working. Their feet were either covered by worn boots or simply bare and darkened by soil and sunlight. They were also attached to the men with those same harnesses Jansetta had seen during her first ride through this land. There was a good bit of slack in the leather leashes, which were looped up to keep from tripping anyone, and Jansetta didn't quite understand why they were there. 

"Husband? I hope I won't offend anyone when I ask this." She reached over his humanoid shoulder and made a very subtle gesture towards some of the peasants. "Why are those females attached to men like animals? They already have belts, as we do." 

"In rural areas," Simon explained as he turned to look back at her, "the law is not as well enforced. Another man could snatch a woman, or even a girl child, away from you. The harness is for their protection as they work. I imagine they don't bother removing the harness when they are carrying the females for the sake of convenience." 

"Oh." She blinked and peered around his head to look at one peasant girl child. Yes, she was attached to the adult male centaur she was riding, but she was also leaning into his humanoid back and chatting to him. She pointed over at a stall, her little feet kicking into the centaur, who didn't seem harmed at all by her. He merely looked to where she pointed and carried her over there. 

"I imagine the harness is sensible, then," Jansetta said as embarrassment had her looking down at her covered legs. 

Simon nodded and looked back ahead, the hood of his green cloak falling backwards and revealing his hat. He reached up to pull the hood back up. "I'd like to take you to my favorite carpenter, so his wife can measure your feet. Would that be fine?" 

This was so ... so she could have clogs ... so she could eventually go to the men's side. 

From the waist down, her body seemed to clench in various locations, including her feet, calves, anus, and vagina. 

A deep breath ... 

And she said, "That should be done now, shouldn't it?" 

"Of course." Simon made a gesture to his mother, and when he had her attention, he told her where he was going. Then he left the various outdoor stalls and went to one of the nearby buildings. Inside, there was a typical dirt floor. While Jansetta couldn't see a group of walls hiding any women, she did see a raised platform that took up a bit less than half of the room's space. A woman was there, working at a spinning wheel. Two young looking centaurs were helping an older one on the dirt floor. There was a great deal of tools, tables, and wood in general about. The smell of wood shavings was nearly paralyzing. 

A short conversation between Simon and the older centaur ensued. Jansetta assumed he was the carpenter, because he pointed towards the working woman and said, "My wife will measure her Ladyship's feet, and I'll have many painted clogs sent to your fine estate within a few days." 

Simon thanked him, and then he handed him a few silver coins. He walked close to the woman's platform and waited while the carpenter's wife stood up, pulling a strip of marked leather from a pocket. "Pardon me, My Lady," she said with a grainy, but polite voice, "but I need to remove your shoes and stockings." 

As the process went on, Jansetta noticed that Simon made a point of turning his head away, as if he was afraid of looking at her bare legs. 

Once her legs and feet were properly clothed again, Jansetta was taken out of the carpenter's house and back into the outdoor marketplace. Simon gave a playful, tiny jump, causing her to squeal and grip his sides. Simon laughed at her, reaching back to pat her arm. "My mother and sisters have likely found treasures to play with, but all my wife can say is that her husband ordered basic necessities for her. It's not just, Wife, it simply isn't." He snorted at her, purposely looking back at her to do so, as if he wanted her to feel his breath on her face. His smile had a bit of friskiness in it. 

Jansetta's thumb and fingers tugged and fidgeted with the tied cords of her cloak as she tried to avoid Simon's expression. "What would my husband suggest?" 

Simon didn't suggest anything. He only trotted off. 

And so many gifts were purchased that day. Silks and linens, elaborately painted vases, hairpins, combs, jewelry, sets of boards games, pots of flowers for the castle's gardens, and even a set of playing cards. Grilled poultry impaled on sticks was purchased after all that was done, and they ate as they relaxed in a shaded area. That was when Simon pointed to a stone temple in the distance, standing among wooden buildings. "That's the temple we'll visit one day, to record our names." 

"Ah, I see it. Will there be a celebration there?" 

He shook his head. "No. It's meant to be done quickly. The celebration begins after that, at our home. There will be sweet and spiced food, music, and dancing with many guests." 

"I'd imagine so." There was a stilted flavor in her voice. She hoped he didn't notice it. 

*** 

Once everyone was safe inside the keep of the castle, Etiennette told her daughters and daughter-in-law that it was best if they work on some sewing, preferably in a room that was attached to the stone wall, so that they may enjoy the sunlight while it was still around. The younger women agreed, and they settled into a row facing a set of medium-sized glass windows. They were on the first floor, and they had an excellent view of the flowers and fruits. 

A few moments of chatting and sewing went on, and then Jansetta saw Simon enter her view, carrying a long tray of potted flowers. A bag of gardening tools was strapped to his body. He smirked and nodded towards all the women as he bent his legs so his horse-like body could lie down while his humanoid torso remained fairly straight in comparison. The tools he took from his bag looked like longer version of hand tools a human or a dwarf would use. 

"What in the world is the master of this castle doing?" Jansetta asked, her brain not accepting the obvious evidence before her. 

"Gardening, I believe," Etiennette told her with a dull tone, "it's one of his favorite activities. I'm surprised he hasn't told you of it." 

"Does he not have servants?" 

"He has them," Etiennette said as she picked at a knot of thread, "but sometimes he wants his own projects. He's chosen very beautiful flowers." 

"Hm." Jansetta looked back to the windows. Simon was moving rather enthusiastically, as if he was digging his heart into the soil. 

The women kept on with their work even after Simon had finished planting the flowers. They didn't stop until it became dark enough for lamps to be lit. Etiennette then put all the sewing kits, fabrics, and such with the Chestnut Sisters and said to Jansetta, "I'd ask you to come to the kitchen with me, but I'd rather wait until you have all your clogs. I suppose I could lend you a pair, but you might slip and fall in them." She affectionately patted Jansetta's hand. "It can't be helped. You'll have to find something else to do." 

Jansetta left them then, taking a clay lamp with her. She explored the great amount of space that she felt these women didn't really need, but were given so freely. She pushed walls away as she walked, leaving larger rooms behind her. Art in general was very prevalent. Compared to the men's area, this place was deluxe. When she tired of walking, she went upstairs to her room, lit some more lamps, and knelt at her square table with her recorder in her hands. A few songs had been played when she heard a rapping on one of the walls. 

"Wife?" 

She put her recorder down. "Yes?" 

"I want to eat dinner with you alone, but if you'd rather not, I understand." 

Did he have something he wanted to say? Something dismal, perhaps? He certainly sounded like he wasn't in the mood to joke about anything. 

Jansetta decided to open up the upper wall she believed Simon was behind. She got up, did exactly that, and she learned she was correct. He was there, his eyes looking a bit slumberous. He smelled clean and lovely. 

She went back to her table and played the recorder for him. His pleased, swaying movements put hope into her heart. 

Dinner was served, and Jansetta quietly ate. She had expected Simon to start a conversation, but he didn't. This was a rather awkward meal. Every bite of food felt thicker than normal. 

When the meal was finished, a servant had taken the trays, and Simon had put away his dinner table, Jansetta reached for her recorder again. One song was played, and then Simon raised his great hand and asked her, "Are you unhappy?" 

"Hm?" She put her recorder aside and said, "I don't understand." 

His head lowered. He wasn't wearing a hat; a lock of black hair had escaped his braid, and it fell over the side of his face. "You were crying last night. I heard you." 

Her folded legs became cold and nearly numb. Her fingers curled against her lap. 

Of course! Of course he would have heard her? Why wouldn't he hear her? He slept fairly close by! She should have realized that! 

Jansetta's voice was higher than normal. "My husband must not have slept well. I'm sorry." 

"I didn't ... but ... will you please come to me?" 

She looked up at him. His mouth seemed tight. He was gripping the lower wall. She was almost afraid he might scratch the painted wood. "Husband!" She reached out towards him with an open hand, her fingertips pointed at him. "I'm terribly sorry, so achingly sorry! I shouldn't have offended you so!" She put her hand right on the floor, slapping the mats once, and she bowed down. 

"You've misunderstood! Please! Will you please come here?!" 

From the floor, to her mouth, her hand went. Her fingernails touched her lips as her back straightened and her eyes went back up to Simon. He wasn't gripping the lower wall anymore. He was reaching out to her with an open palm and slightly relaxed fingers. 

It was best not to rile him up. 

Jansetta got up and walked to him. His clean scent was very nice, and his body warmth reminded her, of all things, of snuggling little puppies. Even though she wasn't touching him, the front of her seemed to soak his warmth in, comforting her. 

And then ... 

A second's worth of panic as unfamiliar sensations put more heat into her, and another second gave her enough time to understand that she was being embraced. The silk covered, thick arms were wrapped around her upper body. Hot breath was on the top of her head. Her cheek was put against the silk on his chest. Her legs were pulled against the lower wall. 
