 Nikolai was the first to be taken, his sudden expression of horror mirroring perfectly the look on Barbara's face in the moment before he killed her. The premature relief at being safely out of the bitterly cold water replaced with shock as a black eel, if that's what it was, snared an ankle and dragged him backwards. More eels coiled about his limbs as he splashed into the water, and his terrified scream was cut short as another plunged into his open mouth. Perhaps I imagined it, but as the swarm of eels dragged him through the water and into the impenetrable darkness, I'm sure I saw a thick, black shape penetrating his momentarily exposed ass.

It seemed a fitting end for such a psychopath and rapist. Barbara would have approved. Had I not been frozen with fear, imagining a similar horrific fate for myself, I'm sure I would have rejoiced - secretly.

I had been the first in that river, the first to feel those slimy, sinuous creatures winding about me as I swam towards the light. The first to feel their sharp teeth catching and tearing at my clothes until there was nothing between my skin and their slithering caresses. The first to crawl out onto the safety of dry land, naked and shivering violently, while one by one the men joined me, cursing and raging.

Our clothes were gone. Our packs, and our shoes, and everything save our living flesh - and in Nikolai's case, that too. Only one other thing survived, clutched fiercely in Dmitry's hand, and that was the treasure map, the ancient parchment that had led us to this evil place.

*

I had been Dmitry's girlfriend for ten months, which was ten months too long. One night, tipsy and lighthearted after few drinks of celebration with my friends, I had allowed myself to be seduced by a handsome and passionate stranger, one thing leading to another. After all, it's difficult not to be curious about a semi-mythical, spacious multi-million-pound apartment overlooking the river.

Breathtaking indeed. Anyone south of the river with a telescope could have watched our lovemaking. He had a disappointingly small cock, but what Dmitry lacked in length and girth, he made up for with vigour and stamina - and at that initial encounter, at least, I enjoyed his dominant attitude, as well as the slightly exhibitionist nature of our activities.

The following morning it became rapidly clear, however, that I was unwary fly caught in a spider's web. That Dmitry's word was law, and my consent an irrelevance. He was the English-born son of a Russian mafia boss and I was his new possession, his 'English Rose', quite literally. My choice, put simply, was to submit to his rule, or else.

The curse of being beautiful is that you get noticed by the wrong people, and they expect you to be always beautiful. They are happy to give you whatever you need, just so long as what you need is for them. Over the months, I spent a fortune in beauty salons and a fortune on designer clothes, but I would have given it all up in an instant - were I not sure that my family would suffer for it. My mother. My father. My little sister, Sara, who was about to get married.

My life as sex slave and mafia girlfriend was not, after all, so bad. Not compared to some. This is a fucked up world. We don't all get to be free.

And the sex itself was okay. My cries of ecstasy may have been mostly feigned, but I'd be lying if I claimed to derive no pleasure from his use of me. If nothing else, it was a pleasant distraction from the hell of my life.

*

"Nikolai!" they shouted, a safe distance from the water's edge. Clearly none dared to swim to his rescue. "Nikolai!"

But no answer came, and bitter arguments broke out, the five Turks shouting in Turkish, Dmitry and the others in Russian, interspersed with English. "This place is cursed!" they cried. "We're trapped! We can't go back!" They pointed at the dark tunnel where the black water of the eel-infested stream emerged with deathly silence. If there was a matching exit, it was hidden beneath the calm surface of the pool.

It was an almost comical sight, nine naked men arguing and gesticulating, their hands waving occasionally to brush away the fireflies that were the source of light in the cave, and perhaps the heat too, for despite our nakedness it was comfortably warm. Thousands of the insects danced above our heads, some drifting down occasionally as if curious about the human interlopers.

A firefly landed on my arm and I brushed it away, though my skin tingled in its wake. And another, and another, until it seemed I was tingling all over, and not just on the outside.

The arguments around me trailed off as the nine men stared at each other in some embarrassment. Every one of them sported an erection, and very soon every one of those nine cocks was pointed at me. I could hardly blame them. My clit was throbbing with an intensity I hadn't experienced in months. My nipples were swollen and desperate to be touched, and it took all my self-restraint to keep my hands firmly by my sides.

Dmitry grabbed my arm with brutal strength and dragged me away from the others. "This way," he said. Until that moment, I hadn't noticed the marble-framed doorway in the shadows behind us.

*

Dmitry's physical inadequacy made him obsessed with artificial means of sexual empowerment. He tried so many different pills, and obscure folk medicines and magical nonsense from around the world, all of which meant we had a lot of sex, but his dissatisfaction was endless. He craved to be admired. To be a sex god. But even though he could order me to blow him even in the midst of a roomful of strangers, to prove his power and virility, he couldn't erase completely their subtle amusement at his shortcoming. 

He had one obsession. A map, on parchment, with writing in some ancient language that he had had translated and that suggested a treasure not of gold and silver but of sexual divinity. The path it outlined was guarded by monsters with human features, and humans with monstrous features, and the whole thing was so utterly absurd that it had to be a joke.

But it wasn't a joke for Dmitry. A dozen experts studied it for clues, until one tentatively identified a valley in the mountains near İzmir. Dmitry took it as a certainty, and one week later we were there, camping high above the mortal world, seeking clues to a divinity.

I was the only woman in the party, there being four of Dmitry's men from London to help out, and five locals who spoke English reasonably and who knew the mountains well.

We searched for four days, and were on the verge of giving up when I discovered the cave. It wasn't really visible from outside - or rather it seemed like no more than a shallow hole that might be the den of some wild animal, but when I poked around inside, more out of boredom than curiosity, I perceived a much deeper, darker interior, the atmosphere within cool and damp against my skin. Eerily silent too, save for my own breathing, and, somewhere, a solitary drip.

*

The doorway led into a circular chamber with a domed ceiling, lit as before by a cloud of fireflies. There were no other exits, and no furniture or decorations of any sort, except for an unusually shaped table in the centre. Between the shape and silence of the place, it felt almost like a church. We spoke in whispers as we crowded around, studying the curves and depressions of the altar-like table.

It was obvious what it was. The contours were a perfect match for me, from neck to waist. With a nasty chuckle, Dmitry bent me over the altar, pushing down until the cold stone hugged every inch of my front. Like a key in a lock. I think I even felt the click as reality turned around me.

Suddenly they were all shouting, and running around. "Where is everyone?" someone demanded. I tried to stand up, but the stone gripped me. They ignored my cries for help.

"Never mind," Dmitry said as he returned to me. Positioning himself behind me, he thrust into me with easy familiarity. It wasn't the first time he had fucked me with an audience, but it was the first time I was so horny I didn't care who fucked me or how.

The others approached furtively, their hands stroking their cocks. I knew Dmitry would never let them touch me. He was very possessive. Extremely jealous. Especially of anyone whose cock dwarfed his own - which was pretty much everyone.

They crowded round behind me, where I could no longer see them. I felt their hands running over my skin, and somehow, impossibly, they seemed be touching me in the same places at the same times. A cock nudged at my pussy, even though Dmitry was still fucking away with passion, and another nudged against my ass. It made no sense. A thick cock forced its way slowly into my vagina, stretching me beautifully, while a longer one penetrated slowly to a depth I had never experienced before.

Understanding dawned on me. Each of the men believed himself alone with me. Only I was aware of them all. And while Dmitry was merely fucking his girlfriend, the rest were taking advantage of his absence. I couldn't help laughing at it. Dmitry had no idea I was simultaneously being fucked by eight other men, and I was loving every one of their cocks.

One was giving my ass a nice, slow fuck. Another was pounding it with fury. The third was going incredibly deep with measure thrusts. The six cocks in my vagina blurred into a single writhing creature, a tempest of cock flesh.

Each thrust drove me closer and closer to climax, but I lingered frustratingly on the edge. "Harder," I begged them. "Harder! Fuck me harder!" I had never needed to come so badly. I had never needed someone else to come so badly. "Fuck me!" I pleaded. "Come in me!" I yelled. "I want your cum in me!"

I had never said that before and actually meant it. This time I had meant it with all my heart. "Give me your cum!" I demanded, and as if that was all that was needed, they obeyed.

Nine cocks stiffened as one, blasting cum into my depths. "Fuck!" I screamed, as my own climax washed through me, more intense than any I had ever experienced before. More and more cum poured from those pulsing intruders, filling my ass, tickling my vagina.

One by one they pulled out of me, staggering away as if exhausted. In contrast, I was more awake than ever, as if I had only begun to discover my own potential for pleasure. But if my spirit was more than willing, my flesh was... well, not weak, but strangely resistant, and an inexplicable coldness crept through my muscles and joints.

The altar that had cradled me like a lover descended to the floor, and further, so that a narrow passageway was revealed, stairs descending steeply into darkness, but I stayed motionless, bent over with legs still parted, cum leaking from my ass and pussy.

*

Soon the whole party had assembled within the cave, torches piercing the dark. A forest of stalactites hung down, and stalagmites jutted up like sharp teeth, at once sinister and glorious. You could understand why the map might talk about monsters.

I had been in caves before, while holidaying in Spain. Those had had walkways laid for tourists, and indirect lighting to reveal the beauty of the caves to wondering eyes. This cave, lit only by torchlight, felt threatening, dangerous, even with the discovery of a path worn by previous visitors - human, presumably - leading steeply down into the mountain.

Dmitry, of course, was delighted, and he drove us onwards with enthusiasm. The Turkish locals muttered nervously, but even they viewed the cave with fascination, perhaps planning a grand tourist destination, a high and isolated mountain hotel with a fantastic view and a mysterious and beautiful cave system.

The path was treacherous, often so smooth and so slippery that we questioned whether a return was possible. At times we had to crawl to make any progress, but here and there we saw signs that others had come this way also.

Down into the cold dark heart of the mountain, down maybe two hundred metres, I really couldn't be sure, the path ended at a stream that barrelled out from one dark hole and into another larger one. "Fuck!" Dmitry cried, and he and the others searched for some other way to continue.

I, however, found myself squinting down along the flowing stream. It seemed to me that a light was there, at the end of the tunnel, a dim but constant glow, slightly yellowish.

My hand slipped, and I fell head-first into the freezing water, the swift-flowing stream carrying me into the tunnel and away from the searching torches.

*

Motionless though my body was, my mind was more aware than ever. I sensed reality shifting again, bringing the nine men back together to a shared awareness. "Where the hell were you?" Dmitry demanded, but all answers were evasive, and all expressions confused.

Asim, one of the Turks, pointed to the opening below me. "Look!" he cried. "A passageway."

They all rushed over to peer down. "Stand up, Rose," Dmitry said, and spanked my cheeks playfully. "Ow!" he cried, though I had felt only pleasure in the sharp contact. His warm hands caressed my frozen flesh, ending up inevitably between my thighs, his fingers searching for my pussy and then my ass. "What the hell?" I assumed it was the cum leaking from my ass that amazed him, but no. "It looks like her, but it's a statue!"

Suddenly they were all touching me, their soft warm fingers teasing my lips and tweaking my nipples, and had I been able to speak at all I would have begged them to fuck me again - if that was possible. I wasn't sure it was. Their questing fingers seemed unable to penetrate me, and gradually it dawned on me that Dmitry was correct, that I was indeed a statue.

In retrospect, it was obvious. At the time... I really wasn't thinking clearly. I had just been fucked most exquisitely, and my thoughts were hazy with lust for more. I couldn't move. I couldn't speak. And all I wanted was for them to touch me and fuck me and make me come again and again.

Instead they lost interest in me, and one by one they inched their way down the stairs beneath me. The last to descend, the young Turk who had first noticed the passageway, lingered for a minute behind me, working his cock furiously until his warm cum spurted across my cheeks, and then he too was gone, hurrying after the others.

*

One by one they emerged at last from the terrifying blackness of the steep, narrow passageway into a vast subterranean forest. The trunks were thick and ancient, and the canopy and the air above was bright with millions of fireflies, some drifting down idly as if curious about the nine naked men, teasing and exciting them until once again all nine cocks were erect.

Grigory stared down at himself. "Look at my fucking balls!" he shouted in Russian. "They're as big as fucking golf balls!"

And it wasn't just him. Dmitry laughed, delighted by the thought of how much cum they must be able to produce. "Mine too. I told you this place was a sexual nirvana." Still, it wasn't his balls that he wanted to enlarge. "Spread out, everyone. Look for caves or temples or any way out of here."

They fanned out in different directions, mesmerised by the beauty of the forest, grateful to be free of the oppression of rock, and desperately horny. They dreamt of fucking Rose again, wherever she was, her sweet pussy, her tight ass. Free from the gaze and judgement of the others, they stroked their aching cocks.

Asim and Rauf stayed together and talked as they explored the forest. "How is it we both fucked her?" Asim wondered. "And at the same time too?"

Rauf shrugged. "How did she turn to stone? I don't like this place. There is evil magic here." He glowered down at his painfully erect cock. "I need pussy."

Asim laughed. "Me too."

As if in answer, they arrived in a clearing of sorts, where clear spring water gushed from an opening in a hillside. What was remarkable, however, was how the hill was naturally sculpted in the form of parted thighs, and the opening where the water issued resembled a woman's pussy in perfect, glorious detail.

The two men gaped at the erotic tableau, so vividly evocative of a woman in sexual ecstasy. Albeit a giant of a woman, her labia almost wide enough to climb through.

"I don't know about you," Rauf said, "but I'm very thirsty."

Asim grinned. "I, too, am thirsty."

They ran between the great thighs, either side of the rippling stream, and drank from the cold, superbly refreshing flow, almost drowning in its exuberant life. Long and deep they drank, until they felt bloated and strangely drunk, and staggered away dizzily before collapsing onto their knees.

"I'm just going to sleep a little," Asim said.

Rauf snored gently in response.

*

Alex was hungry. He was bored and angry and frightened and embarrassed as well, but mainly he was hungry. He was used to eating a lot, and exercising a lot, and this crazy expedition was never supposed to last so long or get so completely fucked up.

The only good thing about it was getting to fuck Dmitry's girlfriend. She'd certainly enjoyed his thick cock - most girls complained about it. It was stupid the way women joked about size not mattering, and then complaining because it did.

Some of the trees had fruit, of various descriptions, but mostly out of his reach. One, though, looked something like a banana tree, with low-hanging clusters of elongated fruits, dark red in colour. Alex plucked one and peeled its leathery skin to reveal crimson flesh. The taste was both bitter and sweet, and certainly it seemed edible, and the flavour was not objectionable.

He must have eaten a dozen before his hunger was sated. Alex felt indescribably better. Gone was his hunger, but also the idea that he should fear anything, let alone feel embarrassed, was just absurd. He was stronger than any man, superior in every way. He was practically a god!

He snorted with contempt at his past pathetic self, and wrapped a dark red hand about a cock that dwarfed its previous size, and provoked it to a magnificent orgasm. He laughed joyously as his cum streamed through the air.

Alex sniffed the air, searching for the one thing he craved now more than anything.

Pussy.

*

Fasil spied a hole in a tree trunk, the perfect size for his cock, the perfect height for a good fuck. Maybe that would do in lieu of Rose. He explored it with his fingers, finding it to be a good depth with no sharp edges. A lining of moss even gave it a smooth and comfortable fit.

Slowly, carefully, he eased his cock into the hole, finding its grip to be firm yet gentle, and it was more than sufficient in length. "Oh, yes," he sighed, and pulled back to thrust in again with vigour. It was an obscene thing to do, but it felt so good, so fantastically good. Almost, indeed, as good as Rose's hot, wet pussy had been. He had lusted after Dmitry's English whore for days, and finally he filled her with his cum, and she had begged for it.

Holding firmly to the tree, his thoughts full of Rose, he pounded away at the ancient wooden trunk, fucking with such urgency it was as if he had been celibate for months. The hole felt increasingly moist, perhaps from the sap of the tree or the oils in the moss, or perhaps it was his own precum. He didn't stop to find out. All that mattered was how good it felt.

Because he was close. So close! Harder and harder he thrust, his pelvis slamming into the rough bark. "Fuck!" he hissed. "Fuck!" The hole was so deliciously tight! It gripped him firmly as he convulsed ecstatically, his cum pulsing into the tree for what seemed like an age...

Until it passed, and Fasil relaxed, slipping his cock free of the tree - except, not completely. He couldn't work the head free, and the more he tugged on it, the more it hurt. Like a monkey caught in a salt trap, there could be no freedom so long as his cock was hard.
