 It was a most unrestful night for Trent, he had been working nonstop for the past 72 hours. In his line of work that was not very unusual though. He had been driving Semis since he had been 18, opting to drive 5 days a week minimum and sometimes even all seven days. Trent was saving all the money he could to go to college and then hopefully start his own company. He had managed to network with a lot of the other drivers that ran on the same routes as he generally did. He had talked to drivers from all different company's and tried to find out what would make each job better, benefits and so on. 

Trent now 25 with no significant other and only the occasional hitchhiker to talk to, he didn't make friends very easily when it was not related to work. His social skills came to an embarrassing halt when it came to women. He was unsure of his every move and was never secure in his looks or charm. Of course by now in his seven long years on the road he had sampled a few hitchhiking women's pussy's but that was always by their choice. Each had always said it was their way of thanking him. 

Trent had logged in enough miles and hours within two years to buy his own rig. With no other expenses and his family deceased and no where to call home but the open road he bought the most luxurious rig he could find. A sweet metallic blue, a Kenworth, he had spared no expense, figuring that when all was said and done, this was his home as well as his office. He had named the rig, Destiny, and had a little fairy woman painted beneath the name. It had a full extended cab with a small shower and toilet and a tiny sink. The rest contained a bed and some books, and a small refrigerator. It was elegant yet simple and it provided him the privacy and comfort of home. 

It was getting late as he pulled into a truck stop on the desolate RT 40 of North Carolina. There were only a few trucks stops on this lonely stretch of highway and he figured it was best to stop now because he was starting to nod of more and more with each passing mile. As he pulled in and parked he couldn't see another truck anywhere around. That's strange he thought but he also had halfway expected this as it was only ten PM. A lot of the other drivers drove to the point of exhaustion and would keep going until 2 or 3 am. But he felt he deserved a much needed rest now and he didn't have to be at his next pickup until noon the next day, and he was only a couple hours drive away as it was now. 

Trent jumped down from the cab and stretched his legs. He had grabbed a sandwich from the fridge and a coke, and only wanted to walk around a bit and release some of the tension that built up sitting behind the wheel for the last twelve straight hours. He had stopped here many times and he knew that the little area behind the bathrooms here had a little brook running past it. He walked down the gentle slope and sat near the brook listening to the soothing water babble across the rocks. The sun had set a few hours ago and the moon was high above, peeking out from behind clouds every so often illuminating his surroundings. Not that he needed light because he had sat in this same quiet spot many an evening on his trip up and down through the Carolina's. 

Trent softly hummed to himself, a song he had heard a band playing in a bar through here on his last trip, he knew the song but couldn't remember the band's name. The song "Carolina Rain" had filled him with a deep seeded longing to find a woman to share his life with. But alas the only woman he had for the last seven years was Destiny. 

He lay back looking at the sky and marveled at the wondrous vast open sky, curious if there was more out there than what humankind has discovered in it's relatively short span of existence. He lay there on the bank near the broke letting the running water lull him to sleep. 

Trent felt the most pleasurable sensation covering him as he slept, his subconscious mind screamed at him to awaken but he would not. He felt tiny little hands caressing his body and soft wet little mouths sucking on his nipples. He knew it had to be a dream and he reached down and stroked his growing erection. It didn't immediately register in his mind that his cock was uncovered and standing proudly in the night air. This was a dream and clothes are only cumbersome in dreams. He gripped his shaft around the base in his slumber and stroked it languidly, enjoying the sensations of just having his cock manipulated.

A dozen tiny little hands lifted his own away from his penis, they felt so little against his big hands and he just let them guide his hand to wherever they wished it to be. His hand was placed back in the cool wet grass and immediately he felt soft little licks all around his cock. He wished he could wake up now and see what was truly going on but he felt somehow drugged and groggy and couldn't fully come awake. 

The same tiny hands now lifted him from the side and then it seemed that the dozens turned into hundreds, so many little soft fingers lifting at once and then he had the sensation of floating. He fought through the mindsmog and opened his eyes, "OH, my gawd," he exclaimed. He was floating, although it was more like hovering at this point, the soft blades of grass tickling his naked ass and legs, and the tiny fingers holding him immobile as he was being carried or floated to some specific destination. 

He tried to turn his head but then some flash of light darted directly over his face in a blur and he was once again pushed back down into the dream state he had been in before. Trent felt his body being set down and he didn't try and fight anymore to wake up whenever whatever had brought him here wished him to wake up he would. 

Each second seemed to tick by slower than the next, his thoughts were distorted and surreal, he remembered seeing a painting once that reminded him of how he was feeling right now. It was swirls of vibrant colors and almost psychedelic, each swirl had taken on a life of it's own and drawn the person viewing it deep inside until all the swirls slipped aside and revealed a soft little naked fairy made with a completely different style of impressionist nature. He had loved sitting looking at that painting, for each minute that had passed then, had felt just as each passing second was now. A slow motion time lapsed reality that only he could be lost in. 

He heard the owner's of the tiny little hands speak in some foreign language that he would never hope to understand as he lay there wondering what it was they wanted or expected of him. The voices were wispy and sweet and each uttered sound make his cock throb and jerk as if their unintelligible words were music to coax the orgasmic juice from his loins. 

He laid there and listened intently, trying to comprehend even one familiar word but none would come to him. All his haze filled mind would hear is "Derg iedls vois cidner." Trent could however make out their giggles which told him that most if not all of these beings were female. He lay there concentrating and still unable to decipher the melodious chatter of the beings. When at once he felt the minuscule fingers on his cock again he tried to count how many hands were on him but he found that through the pleasure he would quickly get sidetracked and lose his numbers.

The fingers rubbed and stroked each inch of his cock and he felt a sensation like raindrops falling onto his pendulous balls. He decided though, that these could be soft little pink tongues lapping at his shaved balls. It tickled yet it felt pleasurable at the same time. He lay there feeling all of this and realized that the slumber he had been placed in by these creatures was wearing off. He opened his eyes and saw tiny women perfectly formed. The best way he could describe them was hundreds of tiny little Barbie dolls. That was their body build, each one had long flowing hair, the colors were the spectrum of the rainbow. 

One looked up into his face and saw his eyes looking at them and she motioned for the others to focus their attention on him as well. As each tiny face looked up at him, Trent saw their tiny little arms waving excitedly and he still had no idea what this meant until that blur passed over again and everything drifted once more from his vision. He may not be able to see anything but he was quite capable of feeling still. How this differed from the previous times was he could sense and feel everything without the altered perception, only he was still without the gift of sight.

The tiny little beauties continued there ministrations to his cock and balls. They were rubbing the flesh of his turgid member in every different direction possible. He felt the sensation of little mouths all over his body, realizing he had now been stripped completely without even knowing it. He had lost all sense of time and he had no clue how long he had been at the mercy of these little women. He let his mind flow freely and enjoy the pleasure that was building. Each time he would near orgasm the little women would stop or divert their attention from his cock to his thighs or nipples or legs, anywhere but his cock. 

Just when he figured that he could no longer feel anything new from the miniature Barbie like beings he felt something wet slide down on the tips of each of his fingers. He heard the cries of pleasure and knew with no doubt that his fingers were soaking in the wet little slits between ten little sets of legs. How they could slip there tiny little pussies over his fingers he had no idea, it would have to feel like a normal woman would with a whole fist stuffed up inside her. 

Trent heard their wails of pleasure and felt their juices sliding down his fingers past each knuckle. Orgasmic banshee cries slipped from their parted little lips and that is all that mattered to him. He loved to please and be pleased but he had to wonder how the ache in his loins would possibly be relieved. Sure enough the little beings could slip there sex lips over his fingertips but there was no way even one would be able to stretch wide enough to even fit the tip of his bulbous cockhead inside her. 

He felt something against his lips and as he opened his mouth he tasted the sweet dew of a bare little slit against his tongue. These little beings' nectar tasted just like a mixture of strawberries and honey. He had no idea how this was possible but soon he felt two more little bodies against his mouth. He opened his mouth wide and wiggled his tongue painting circles in the air. They shrieked their cries of bliss. As each mini pussy came and squirted her sweet juice onto his tongue, it was immediately replaced by two more. This continued until he found he once more could open his eyes. 

This time when he did so he got a look at the creatures, they resembled fairies or sprites, all of them he likened to the girl airbrushed onto the rig. He saw tiny opaque little wings behind each of the sprites. "Oh, ok," he chuckled thinking that this dream had to end soon. Only it wasn't a dream. He found that he could now move and he made an attempt to sit up so that he could look around.

He appeared to be deep inside a cave somewhere, he could hear the rushing water still and then he saw her. "Ahh," he gasped. His breath caught in his chest and wouldn't come without extreme concentration. Before him stood a beauty identical to all of these tiny fairies, only she was about five feet tall, and had long flowing red hair. Her body was covered in a light glitter and speckled jewels hung from her earlobes. She also had small hoops of gold through her nipples which were erect now. He looked between her legs and saw the thatch of wispy red little curls. Her labia was engorged and she reached down never breaking eye contact with Trent and spread those puffy lips below with her fingers exposing her clit and inner pink to him. Her clit was pierced with the same dazzling gold hoop as her nipples. 

Trent felt lost as he looked deep into her grey eyes. How odd he thought, red hair, grey eyes, pierced all over, and a figure any woman would kill to have. Why was she present here? Would she understand him if he spoke? Why were they all naked? What did they need of him? These thoughts raced through his mind as the woman stood only a few feet away. The little sprites had drawn back in apparent awe at this beautiful woman's arrival. She spoke to them in the same language they conversed amongst themselves and he watched as they took flight around the room and they each had a little trail of light behind them which illuminated the room. 

The woman watched intently as Trent stood in front of her tiny frame. Trent stood nearly a foot taller than her, and he watched her grey eyes follow his cock as he straightened as much as the little caverns ceiling would allow. He reached towards her and she gave a giggle, and jumped back. That's it he thought as he looked over her body, she was exactly the same as the sprite that had been painted onto the side of his rig. 

There was no way this was happening, but he also reckoned that he would not do anything to alter this state for now because he wanted to do nothing more than bury his tongue between that sparse red haired pussy and taste her. The little sprites has aroused him so many times and then had allowed him to grow soft that he knew that the pressure was going to pop very soon. He asked her, "Do you have a name miss?" 

A bright bolt of light flashed in front of him and he flinched and covered his eyes, "Now what in the blue hell is this......" his voice trailed off. Before him stood a woman of immense radiating beauty, he would have figured her for an angel if she didn't resemble the others inside this cavern with them. She was only roughly around three feet tall resembling a child, pixie like and innocent, yet her body had those same sweet womanly curves to them that the others did. Trent tried to figure her height out but he also couldn't quite grasp it because she wasn't standing, her little wings fluttered and kept her a foot or so of the ground as she watched the disbelief wash over his face. 

Ok, Ok, he thought this is just a really wild dream and soon enough I am going to wake up by that brook and I am going to have cum dripping down my hands and be cold and wet from laying in the dew covered grass. "No, not at all, this is real,"the dainty hovering little sprite said without moving her lips. "How the," he started before she floated to him and put her finger over his lips meaning for him to be quiet. "I am the guardian of the brook and rain sprites,and pixies," she spoke, "don't worry Trent you are not seeing things, I am using telepathy to communicate with you." He had read books on this but never believed it to be true he always thought telepathy was a myth. 

"The little ones brought you here," she went on inside his mind,"because the beauty you see standing before you is prepared to step outside her protective family and home." The sprite floated beside the five foot flawless woman and continued to speak with her mental telepathy, "She needed to find one pure of heart and mind, one who would provide for her and teach her of the outside world." This was all too much for him, he had no way to differentiate what was a dream and what was real anymore. 

*Telepathic Sigh* "Trent, soon enough you will leave here and take Elicia with you, if you desire her, but first a set of rules and rites must be partaken of." Her words were crisp and clear now and he still doubted the reality of this but he was going to go along with it the best he could. "Well," she sounded more pleased in his mind now, "at least your more open to ideas now and are willing to accept the possibilities that lie before you." 

She spoke now in his mind in short precise statements giving rules and warnings, she went a full paragraph or so before she stopped. "The only four rules you must abide by are these. First you must never reveal her secrets that she will pass on to you or any that you will find out before leaving here. Secondly you must protect her at all costs when Elicia leaves here she will be at your mercy for the first cycle of the moon. (a month roughly). Third, within one year she must return here pregnant or having bore a child of your seed. Last and this is most important, you must teach her all that you can through books and speech although she will quickly learn your language she will be able to do just as I am with you at this moment. Also in addition to the second rule you may never lay an angry hand on her body. Only touch her in love and passion and tenderness."

"Now" she said in a delighted tone, "should you accept this honor she and we all have bestowed upon you then the pleasures you will receive here tonight will be repeated many times throughout your lifetime together." The sprite before him still had not given him her name and he figured that was because she would do so when she was prepared for him to return conversation. "Alas, Trent you are a smart human, tis a rare thing to find one as pure and driven as you," she continued, "we have watched you sit by the brook many times over the last few years and we know your mind as well as endowments." With this last statement she looked directly at his standing erection and large cum filled balls. She licked her little lips and then open her mouth and gave a command in their language.

Immediately the tiny pixies flittered forth from their hiding places and surrounded him. "Do you agree to the rules I set before you Trent?" she asked. "Yes," he thought and spoke at the same time unaware if she could understand his spoken words. She flipped her wrist and at once he could understand the language of these sprites. It was amazing and there were so many of them and such constant banter going on between all of them that he could only catch bits and pieces of each little groups conversation. The words he caught were gigantic cock, tasty juices, virginal pussy, pleasure, pleasure, sex, sex, cum, loads and loads of cum. 

He could only guess some of the latter but as to the first part he knew he was the only present male and being that his shaft was roughly twice the size of any of their tiny bodies he had the foresight to know that this night was far from over. "My name dear Trent is Destiny," the guardian spoke, breaking into his thoughts. "Now as for your agreement we need fluid," she went on, "more directly, seminal fluid. This will allow us the ability to summon and communicate with you when you are afar."

Trent smiled, "Well I do not see that as being a problem Destiny." As soon as the words slipped from his mouth Elicia ran to him, encompassing him in her tiny arms and at her height her breasts rubbed against his chest and ribcage, her little mouth kissed his neck as she stretched up on her tiptoes and she licked and kissed and nibbled his tender neck. He may have shared his flesh with another woman before but this felt more like his entire being was being tantalized and brought out. She pulled his head down and kissed him with a deep soul searching passionate kiss. Her smooth little pink tongue tentatively probed his lips until he open his mouth and she slipped it inside twirling it against his. 

Trent's moans frightened some of the little sprites and pixies, they scurried about before returning to circle around him. Elicia was moaning as well as they kissed, her squeals exciting him even more and his cock bouncing against her belly. He reached down and cupped her ass and returned her passionate embrace. Trent could feel the tiny little pixies kissing his legs and floating up between them. Now there wasn't much space between the two of them, but the sprites forced them slightly apart and attacked each of there sexual organs with fever. How long this would go on he had no idea but if this was the ritual that they had planned he was prepared to go along fully with it. 
