 4

I awoke to my mother banging around in the kitchen. "What's going on?" I asked still half asleep. 

"The wind is starting to pick up. I'll make some coffee. Maybe you should get up top."

I found my clothes, got dressed and got out of bed. I had to squeeze past my mom in the small galley and it felt wonderful as our bodies pressed against each other. I hesitated for a moment, as my pelvis was up against her ass. She looked over her shoulder demurely at me. "You better go and catch that wind."

I turned and went up the three steps to the deck. Sure enough, there was a light but steady wind out of the southwest, just enough to get under way. 

I went back downstairs and found the small flashlight and, with it in my mouth, I managed to raise the sails. Getting back into the cockpit, I was able to tack nicely into the wind. 

I didn't get too close to the wind. This way I wouldn't have to reverse tack out to sea too much. It wouldn't be as fast, but I didn't want to fool with the ropes or come around too much in the dark. 

Like I said, it wasn't a strong wind, but it was good and steady, and we could make good headway down the coast. At least while it held up. Mom came out of the galley holding the coffee pot and two cups. 

"Coffee?"

"Yeah, thanks," I said as she poured the two cups. She set down the pot and I drank the warm bitter liquid thankfully. 

"We only have black." Referring to the fact that we had no milk.

"It will have to do." She sat down next to me.

"What's that?" she asked, pointing to the GPS that was lying on the seat. 

"That's a GPS system."

"Does it work?" I hadn't even thought about it working. I was so used to things not working anymore that I had assumed it didn't. 

"I don't know. Let's try it."

Sure enough the little screen came to life and showed our position off the Jersey shore. What an idiot, I thought to myself, satellites don't get the flu. We had made good progress for the first day, but still we had a way to go. 

"We didn't get very far." My mother said frustrated.

"Nonsense. It hasn't even been twenty-four hours. Remember we didn't go directly towards Delaware. I wanted to play it safe and hug the shore. We could have gotten farther if I had taken a more direct route, but we'd be far out to sea."

"I'm sorry," Mom said. "You're doing fine. I'm just a little impatient to find your grandmother."

The rest went unsaid, and the rest of the night went by uneventfully as I tacked back and forth in the dark. Sailing at night normally would be crazy, but I figured that there was no one else out here for me to run into. I used the moon to compass by, and with an occasional use of the ship's compass, I was able to take a mostly southern route. 

Mom got bored and went down below after a while. I sailed for hours until the wind died down. It was probably about two in the morning. Tired, I made the sails fast and headed down into the boat to get some sleep. 

As I made my way through the kitchen I saw my mother lying on the bunk. The sheet was partially over her, but in the candlelight I could tell she was naked. Oh God I thought, but my cock immediately grew hard in my shorts. 

I slid into bed next to her and felt the warmness of her skin next to mine. She lightly awoke as I settled in. "The wind die?"

"Yes."

"What time is it?" She rolled over on her side facing me, and I could feel her hot breath on my face.

"About two."

"My poor baby. You've been such a good sailor." She got up and straddled me immediately. Her breasts were right there in my face, as she started to rock her naked pussy against my erection. 

I couldn't help myself. I took one of her tits in my mouth and sucked on it greedily. Tonguing her nipple. She took that as a sign of consent, because she slid down out of my reach and pulled my shorts down my legs. 

She grabbed my cock and kissed it lightly a few times on the head. I wanted her to put it in her mouth, but she had other ideas. She slid back on top of me and, holding my cock firmly, she inserted it in her pussy.

"Oh God!" I sighed as I entered her. It felt so good and tight.

"That feels good honey?" I didn't answer. I just grabbed her round hips and pushed into her as far as I could go.

"You like fucking me, don't you? It's not just me. You really like it?"

"Yes Ma. I really like fucking you." 

"I really love it. God help me, I do."

"I like when you suck my cock too Ma."

"Baby you have such a handsome cock. I love sucking it for you. But I really love this." She rocked back and forth on top of me with eyes closed. I held a tit in each hand, thumbing her nipples. 

She rocked back and forth harder and harder, faster and faster bending my cock back as she did it. He body got real hot; her breaths became deeper and faster. She was starting to come. She didn't say anything, but her face started to convulse with pleasure. 

I wanted to come with her, but I wasn't ready yet. She fell off of me onto her back. 

"Roll over," I commanded.

"You're not going to fuck me in the ass?" She said with a look of concern on her face as she rolled over on her stomach.

"Not today, but soon." I just wanted to see that beautiful ass of hers as I fucked her. I got on top of her and slid between her legs. With her help I slid into her again. It felt so wonderful. I had to thank the Q-flu for one thing; it made sex so much more enjoyable. 

I watched her ass ripple up and down as I thrust into her. She was up on her elbows, arching her back and grunting every time I entered her. I felt like I had this huge dick, and she was reeling from the mass of it. 

"That feels good Mom?"

"Oh baby it feels so good."

"Next time I'm going to fuck you in the ass."

"Not today baby. It feels too good. I don't want you to pull out of me."

"I'm going to come in you."

"I want you to honey. Come in your mama."

Two more thrusts and I could feel the orgasm take me. I felt nothing but my orgasm. I was in heaven. 

Finished, I rolled over onto my back. This was it. This wasn't a one-time thing anymore. I could stick my dick in her any time I wanted. She wanted it so much. I knew that I would too, and I was ready to push the limits, but not tonight. Tonight I just wanted to sleep.

In the morning I woke up and mom was gone. I got dressed and made my way up on deck. She was on deck dressed in a t-shirt and those gold bikini bottoms. She was fishing.

"Oh you're up," she said smiling to me.

"Yes." I said as I brushed the hair out of my eyes.

"You need a haircut." 

"We'll stop at the next barber shop we see."

"I'll cut it for you later. There's coffee," she said motioning to the thermos beside her. I walked over to her and, picking up the thermos and the extra cup, poured myself a cup. 

It was a beautiful morning, with just the occasional breeze. I noticed her nipples poking out against her shirt. 

"Any luck?" I said motioning to her fishing pole.

"No. All we have is lures. I don't know how to fish with lures."

"I think that you are supposed to troll."

"I don't know how to do that." I laughed at the thought of it.

"You have to pull the lures behind you as you are moving."

"Oh."

"We can tie a couple of poles to the rails and troll when the wind picks up."

With that I noticed something off in the horizon coming towards us.

It was a motorboat. 

"What is it?" She asked, noticing the concern on my face.

"It's a boat coming this way. You better go below, and break out the guns." She got up immediately and did as I said. 

The boat wasn't going very fast. It took a while for it to come the mile or so to reach us. It was a small commercial fishing boat, maybe thirty feet in length. Any thought of raising the sails and trying to outrun it was dashed because there was little wind. 

Mom kept asking me over and over how far away it was. She was holding the semi-automatic, and I had the .380 under my seat cushion. The boat came from the bow on the port side. As it approached I could only see only one man aboard. He was a dark skinned man of average size. 

He killed the engine when he was about thirty five yards away and just let it drift towards us, but he never got much closer than 20 yards from us.

"Hello," he shouted from his boat. He was dressed in dirty jeans and a faded navy blue t-shirt. His hair was black, bushy and unkempt, and he had a beard. He could have been anyone of those psychos, but he didn't have that far off look in his eyes. 

"Hey," I shouted back.

"I tried to raise you on the marine radio."

"I've got it turned off. I didn't think anyone would be on it."

"There are some. Not many. You going for a sail?"

"I'm on my way down south. I'm trying to find someone."

"That's the trick, isn't it? Not many people left."

"Yeah, well I'm not too optimistic."

"You've been ashore."

"I came out of Freeport, yesterday. You?"

"No. I've been on this boat for months. Living off whatever I can catch."

"So you've never had it?"

"No."

"Well I wouldn't get to close. If you catch it you've got less than a 50-50 chance of survival."

"I know."

"You got any fish on board now?"

"Some."

"Would you be willing to trade?"

"I don't know. Do you have any young women on board?"

I saw my mother out of the corner of my eye. "They're all dead 

"So I hear. I've got some nice stripers that I caught this morning. What have you got?"

"I don't know what I have to offer you."

"You have any pain relievers?"

"Yeah, I've got a full bottle of ibuprofen."

"How many tablets?"

"500"

"I'll trade the bottle for the two stripers."

"How big?"

"Well they're not keepers, but at least twenty inches each."

"Sold."

"How are we going to exchange them?"

"Let me get the bottle," I said and I went down below. Mom already had them out of the medicine kit, and handed them to me. When I got back on deck I carefully placed them in the water overboard to see if it floated. "It should float if I toss it to you," I said as I threw it to him and it landed about ten feet off the side of his boat.

He already had the two fish out and was tying them to a float. It was the kind of float that the lobstermen mark their traps with. He placed everything in the water and got out a net to fish out the plastic bottle of pills. 

"It was nice doing business with you. Turn your radio on. I could use someone to talk to."

"Sounds good."

"Hey, have you heard of the roving gangs of men who are attacking women?"

"I've not only heard, but I witnessed three guys kill my neighbor just to rape his seventy-five year old wife."

"What's it all about?"

"I don't know, some sort of side effect of the Q-flu. It turns some men into psychos."

"It's crazy. It's all over the radio. People are being killed. Whatever women are left are being attacked."

"You wouldn't believe. The flu has changed all it has touched." I hesitated for a minute knowing that that included me. "What are you going to do?"

"I don't know. It's strange. I'm imprisoned on a huge ocean, and if I go back I will always be in danger. I guess I'll always have it hanging over my head."

"What do you do for fuel?"

"I sneak into shore at night and siphon whatever gas I can find."

"What's your name man?"

"Damien. What's yours?"

"Ed."

"Well it was nice to meet you Ed. I'll be looking for you on the radio."

With that he went back into the pilothouse of his boat and started it up. He roared away leaving the fish tied to the float. I fished them out and gave them to my mother. She seemed very happy to have some fresh fish to cook.

The wind picked up and I made as much mileage as I could. I had never sailed like this. Even if we had a destination in mind we usually took our time getting there. The trip itself was supposed to be the enjoyable part. Entertainment took a back seat on this trip.

I started to think about what Damien had said about the roving bands attacking women. If it was all over the radio, then what we encountered back home was not an isolated incident. I started thinking about the trip to grandma's house once we get ashore. My mother would be a big hindrance.

My mom had filleted the fish and cooked them on the small camp stove in the galley. We had them for lunch with a little bottled lemon juice. They were fantastic. 

After lunch mom changed out of the t-shirt and switched back to the bikini bra. Her gold tits were resplendent in the afternoon sun as she sat next to me catching some rays. I was at the wheel taking a seaward tack. 

"Mom I'm starting to think about when we get to Delaware."

"Yeah," she said with her eyes still closed to the sun.

"I'm thinking that maybe I should make the trip alone."

She opened her eyes and looked at me with concern. "Without me? Where would I go?"

"I think that you should stay on board. You could motor out a couple of hundred yards and anchor. You would be safe there."

"No way. I'm going with you."

"Mom if you go I would always be afraid for your safety. You heard Damien, about the roving bands."

"You're not leaving me on this boat alone."

"You'd be safer on board, and I could go during the day. If you come, we would have to sneak there at night."

"So, we go at night."

"Mom you are being unreasonable. I can cover more ground without you."

"Have I held you up yet? Did I hold you up when I had to whack that guy in Freeport? The discussion is over. I'm going."

"No. No you're not."

She stood up facing me with her back to the sun. Her hair was blowing in her face and she looked ravishing in that gold bikini.

"You can leave me behind?" She asked.

"I have to."

She reached behind her with both hands and undid the hook of her bra top. She stripped off her bra and stood there topless in front of me. All I could see was her lovely red nipples.

"You can leave these behind?" 

"Mom be reasonable," I said as I rolled my eyes, but I knew I couldn't win this argument. She sat down on top of me; straddling me, with her tits in my face. 

"Go ahead and tell me how you can leave these behind."

"Mom you can't use sex to get your way." My cock was hard in my shorts as she ground her pussy into it.

"Why not? It always worked with your dad." That was the first time she had mentioned dad since we started having sex. She then got down on her knees and started to pull my shorts off. I didn't resist and she got them down to my shins. My cock was red and angry in her face.

"I know someone who doesn't want to leave me." She grabbed my cock and started to work it. "I know someone who wants to be in mommy right now."

"Mom please." I pleaded.

"Mom please what? Please leave me alone or please suck my cock?"

I didn't answer, I just closed my eyes with pleasure as she stroked me.

"That's what I thought, and we will have no more talk about leaving me alone." She took my cock in her mouth and started to suck me off. She stopped for a second. "Or would you rather I stopped doing what I'm doing, so we could talk?" I didn't answer. I just wanted her to take my cock in her mouth again. "I thought so." And, to my relief, she got down on my cock again. 

I sat back with the sun in my face and my cock disappearing over and over again between my mother's lips. I had one hand on the wheel and the other on the back of my mother's head jamming my cock as far down her throat as I could.

I had a hold of her dark hair, and I could hear the muffled exclamations my mother made, every time I pushed her head down. I knew that taking her with me was a bad idea, but I wasn't thinking with my head. I was only thinking with my dick, and right at that point, I was only thinking about how deep and how fast I could get my dick into my mother's mouth. 

I couldn't see her tits, so I concentrated on the curve of her ass, as she worked me closer to orgasm. I watched as her cheeks moved back and forth while she was rocking on my cock. I felt the pleasure build in the head of my cock and then I came into her mouth. I shuddered as I ejaculated into her mouth and the orgasm made me loose consciousness.

She sat back on her legs, her breasts bobbing with the motion of the boat. She smiled at me as I sat with a dopey contented look on my face. I then noticed that I had never reversed tack and I was taking us way out to sea. 

"Oh God Mom, I have to come around."

"Okay honey," she said as she stood up and put her bra back on. I was sad to see her girls go away, but I was a little busy bringing the boat around, and watching the boom cross over.

The rest of the trip went the same. We had good weather with only one cloudy day. Mom used the fish heads for bait and we caught some more fish. I don't know what kind it was, but it tasted good. We had sex at least once a day, sometimes twice a day. 

When the wind died I would listen to the radio. Like Damien said, there weren't many people broadcasting, but if you listened long enough you could get someone. I even got Damien on the air once.

We passed Atlantic City and made our way around Cape May into Delaware Bay. Slaughter beach was just a direct westerly course from Cape May, but it took us all morning to cross the twenty-mile opening of the bay, with just a light following wind. 

I made my way through the inlet to the harbor up Cedar Creek. I let down the sails, and anchored the boat mid creek. We were a few hundred yards from where the boats were docked.

It was still mid day, and we weren't ready to start our trip. I also didn't want to take the risk of someone seeing us pull up to the dock in the daylight. We could pack and get ready for the trip. I could also catch up on some much needed sleep.

I got out the binoculars my uncle had on board and scanned the area. There was a road that ran along the creek, but I didn't see anyone on it. This part of Delaware was fairly rural. It was a beach community with one-story houses crammed together near the beach, but separated when you moved inland. 

We had often summered in Cape May, and it was only a short ferry ride to Lewes, Delaware. That's how my parents came upon the idea of buying Grandma a house there. It wasn't too far from Rehoboth Beach and, if they bought her a house there, they could also use it as a beach house. 

Grandma had other ideas about living on the beach. "That's okay in the summer," she said in her thick Lebanese accent, "but come winter it's much too cold." So Dad settled for a house a few miles inland. Grandma, who had lived her whole life in the desert, wasn't used to our northeastern winters.

Delaware, although not the deep south, had shorter milder winters than Long Island, and was close enough for us to visit. So in a little town, called Anderson Crossroads, was where we spent our last ten summers. 

Since we had to go at night, I figured that I should get some shuteye. I wasn't long in the bunk when mom came down, stripped off her swimsuit and mounted me. In only a week, sex had become commonplace for us. 

I lay on my back as she fucked herself on me. She would orgasm and then I would, and then I would get a nice nap. I couldn't complain, but I knew that I wanted more.

I awoke in the evening, got dressed and made my way on deck. I got out the binoculars again and scanned the area. There was still no movement; no sign of life. It was strange. I knew that the area wasn't as populated as Long Island, but still, I thought I should see somebody. 

Mom came up top and gave me a concerned look. "What's wrong?"

"There's no sign of life. I haven't seen a soul."

"This area is country, Honey."

"Still Mom, you would think that you'd see someone, I'm going ashore to look around."

"Do you want me to come with you?"

"No. I can move quicker and quieter alone." I went down below, got out the .380 with an extra clip and put them, and my sneakers, in a black plastic bag. I then went to the stern of the boat and slipped into the water. 
