 ****AUTHORS NOTE**** I wasn't going to submit chapters 5 & 6 until May, but it seems my computer is on the fritz, and I want to upload them before it's too late. I also seem to be losing another editor (Hmedits) He was the best one to date. I keep finding good editors, but can't keep them. If anyone knows a good editor, tell him or her to e-mail me. Chapter 7 is written but not edited. It might have to be submitted that way. Thanks for all of your kind words, and please comment on my stories. I love to hear from you. 

D.S.

*

The sun was down, but it was still twilight when I started the outboard engine. It had been clouding up for the last few hours and now the wind had started to pick up. There was a storm coming. I had originally intended to dock at night, but with the place abandoned I didn't see the need, besides I wanted to get going before the rain started. 

We motored up to the boatyard and right up to the berth where I had parked the Ford. I used the last of the light to tie up the boat, as Mom started to gather the few things we were to take on the trip. 

We took the shotgun and the semi-auto, and I put them in the cab of the truck and then I started back to the boat. That's when I saw the doors of the minivan open up. I still wasn't alarmed, and my mom hadn't even noticed it yet, but then I saw the men emerge from the vehicle. 

In the growing darkness I glimpsed six in all, and all of them headed towards us in a dead run. What made the hair stand up on the back of my neck was that they were all overdressed for a hot, humid night. Psychos!

"Mom!" I shouted Her head was still down. 

I dropped the gear that I had in my hands and reached for the .380 that I had stowed in one of the cargo pockets of my shorts. I had it out in a second as they closed the gap on us, and I did the math in my head. I had six rounds in the magazine and one in the barrel, and there were six of them. 

I immediately thought about shouting a warning to them, but the words of that Nassau County Cop came back to me. "Remember this if you remember anything; you cannot reason with these men." I fired three quick rounds in succession. CRACK-CRACK-CRACK as the little gun jumped in my hand. 

I was lucky that they came en masse, and not all spread out, because one went down immediately as I saw blood spew from the left side of his head. A second one took a few more steps and then hit the ground with an "Oomph!"

"Mom, get the shotgun!" I screamed and she ran for the truck.

I had four more and only four more shots before I had to reload, and they had already covered half of the distance to us. CRACK-CRACK the pistol sounded again, but this time I made sure that I held it firmer in my hand. 

The two shots found their mark, but both on the same guy who spun around like a ballerina when he got hit. There were now three more, and I had two more shots, and they were on me. 

I fired both rounds point blank at the lead guy. I couldn't miss and hit him square in the chest, but I had used the last of my ammo on him. The new lead guy hit me full force like a defensive back. I stumbled back about ten feet before I regained my balance.

I don't know why I didn't go down. He certainly hit me with enough force. Maybe it was the High School Lacrosse and Football I played, or maybe it was the adrenaline pumping through my system. But whatever it was, it saved our lives, because if I had gone down, we were dead.

One guy was headed for my mom, the one who hit me was coming at me again with what looked like a pipe, and one of the guys I had previously shot, and considered down, had gotten up and was running full blast at us again.

Our only hope was if I got to the extra clip stashed in the cargo pocket on the left side of my shorts. But I didn't have time, because the one with the pipe was upon me. He came at me with a big old round to my head. If he connected, the pipe would have split my head open like a melon.

It was like I had seen so many times in bad TV dramas; I just stuck out my left arm and blocked the blow at his forearm. The next move was as if I had been taught it as a child. I sent the heel of my hand to the center of his face. At least it would have been the heel of my hand if the gun weren't there. 

The flat of the gun butt landed full on the bridge of his nose and just crushed it; sending blood everywhere. He went down like a bag of rocks. By this time the one who headed for my mother had tackled her just near the truck and was on top of her. She was screaming my name to high heaven.

The one I had shot previously didn't even look at me. He too was headed straight for my mother and that sealed their fate. I hit the release button on the gun, sending the original clip to the floor, and got the extra clip out of my shorts. Two seconds later I had a new clip in the gun and I worked the slide to chamber a fresh round. 

My mother was on the ground screaming, one of the psychos was on top of her trying to get her under control and the wounded one was standing there like he was waiting for his turn.

When I ran up to them the 'previously shot psycho' turned around and grinned at me like it was all a big joke, but the joke was on him as I brought the gun to bear and blew his head off with two shots to his smile.

The last one tried to get up off my mom, but it was too late for him. I stuck the gun in his face and fired two more shots that sent him and most of his being all over that parking lot. It was over, but I was still worried. 

I helped my mother get up off the ground. She was hysterical, but I quickly rushed her into the pick-up. I couldn't be sure that all of them were dead, or if there weren't more still to come. I just wanted to get out of there as fast as I could.

I got her seated and ran around to the driver's side. I could see no one coming but I was still afraid. I quickly got in, started up the truck and floored it around the parking lot to the entrance. I'm not sure, but I think I ran over at least one of the bodies on the way out. 

I didn't slow down until I was at least two miles away. Only then did I stop and pull over. My mother was crying and I couldn't catch my breath. It took us both a full five minutes to calm down. 

"Are you okay?" I was finally able to get out. My mom didn't say anything, she was still sobbing, but she nodded to the affirmative.

"I'm sorry mom, but I thought that I was going to pass out. I couldn't catch my breath, I was so scared." I felt guilty about not consoling her.

"You were wonderful honey. You saved my life again."

"I guess." I didn't know what to think.

"Are you kidding? You took on five men, and they're all dead."

"Six men, and I'm not sure I killed all of them."

She started to gain her composure. "Five or six, we are still alive because of you."

It started to seep in. It was over. It was amazing that in the heat of battle I kept my head, but after it was over I ran like a child. 

I tried to figure it out in my brain. They must have seen us come into the harbor, they must have seen mom on the boat and they must have seen me come ashore by myself. It wasn't until I brought mom ashore that they attacked. 

Even though they were insane, they were still smart and cunning. As much as my mom wanted to congratulate me on my actions, I knew that I was responsible for getting us in that situation. I was ignorant of our foe and I underestimated them. 

Their attack, although planned, was flawed. Still they almost had us. If that one guy had succeeded in knocking me over, or if they had all attacked me first, we would be at their mercy. 

Lastly, I had used all of our .380 ammunition. We would have to find more ammo or I would have to get more acquainted with our other guns. 

"Are you okay?" I asked. "I think that we should get on the road to grandma's."

"Yes I'm okay. Let's go." 

I put the truck in gear, stepped on the gas and we started out through the lowlands of Delaware. Just then, the sky opened up, and it started to rain.

Driving at night, in the rain, I had a hard time finding my grandmother's house. Twice I missed a turn and instead of it taking us a half hour, it took closer to an hour. We finally found the place and I pulled down the long driveway to her house. 

The lawn, like everyone's these days, was high and looked more like a meadow. I dreaded what we would find in the house. I pictured the worst. That and the fact that we just got attacked, made me worry about mom.

The house was a two-story farmhouse with a wraparound porch. The farm was no longer there, sold off to developers long before my dad bought the house, but she still had a few acres. 

There was a large two-car garage in the side yard. My grandmother would normally have her garden planted between the house and the garage. I couldn't see in the dark, but I imagined that it was now overgrown with weeds.

I pulled the truck in to the circular gravel driveway in front of the house and we got out. It was still raining, but not as hard, and it was only a few steps to the porch. I made sure that I had flashlights and the shotgun with me. I was getting accustomed to being armed. 

The front door was locked and it seemed to be vacant inside. 

"Break in," my mother commanded.

"Ma, don't you want to see if the back door is locked?"

"Just break in Eddie," she said irritated.

I took the butt of the gun and broke out one of the glass panes in the door. I then took out all the shards with the gun butt before I slipped my hand in, and opened the door. As soon as I got in I felt a little relief. No smell of death. The place seemed abandoned. I turned on my flashlight and mom followed me inside. 

We searched the whole house and after a while we even separated to check all of the rooms. No one was there, and there was no sign of grandma. The refrigerator was full, but of course all of the food was spoiled. Even the pantry was full. 

There were no signs of struggle and the house hadn't been ransacked. It was strange, but everything was in order. I was relieved, but I think my mother was in more distress.

"What do you think happened to her?" My mom asked.

"I haven't a clue Mom. Maybe she got the flu early on and they took her to the hospital." 

"Wouldn't the hospital call us, and let us know she's there?"

"In normal times, yes, but the hospitals must have been crazy."

"Your poor grandmother. I hate to think of her all alone."

"I'm sorry Mom," I could think of nothing to say. Besides, I thought, we all die alone. 

"Let's see if we can find some candles," mom said with her mind elsewhere. We searched the house and I came up with some scented candles, but my mother found some tea candles in the pantry. She put three or four on some plate, and spread them out throughout the house. 

"You hungry?" She asked as we both straddled the kitchen table bench facing each other 

The kitchen, although it had new appliances, was old. It smelled of old wood and vinegar. My grandmother cleaned everything with either vinegar or ammonia. The bathrooms smelled of ammonia and the rest of the house smell of vinegar.

"No, but I am a little thirsty."

"I think there's a bottle of your grandmother's wine in the pantry," she said as she got off the bench to fetch it. She was wearing those tight jean shorts and her ass also looked cute in the candlelight. 

"It's warm, but wet," she said as she produced a large bottle and two glasses. There was a double entendre there, but I didn't want to say it in front of mom. It was funny, I was fucking her, but I wouldn't talk dirty in front of her. Except when we were having sex, of course. 

"I don't know Ma. Grandma's wine is really strong," Grandma made her own wine, the old fashion way, like she had always done back in Lebanon. The alcohol content was twice that of store bought.

"It's really good though. This is what I grew up on." She poured the two glasses, and when I took my first sip, the warmth came over me like I had just taken a sip of brandy.

"Is there something wrong Ed? You've been a little distant." 

"I keep thinking about those psychos back at the boatyard."

"What about them?"

"We were lucky to get away unscathed."

"It wasn't luck. You were wonderful."

"I don't know. I keep thinking that I led us into a trap."

"How could you have known that they would be there?"

"I don't know, but from now on we have to be more careful. We have to think that they are everywhere. There are probably a lot more of them than we thought."

"You're right." Mom finished her wine and poured us both another glass. 

"I also used up all of the pistol ammo."

"How many rounds do we have for the automatic rifle?" Mom asked, and I smiled at her. "What?" She smiled back and tilted her head to one side.

"Rounds?"

"Why, isn't that the right phrase?"

"Yeah, if you're a marine." 

"Bullets then. How many bullets do we have?"

"With us, about two clips worth; twenty ROUNDS." I over emphasized the word. 

"You're an ass." She pinched me hard on the arm. It was a mix of playfulness and irritation. She always hated my sarcastic side. We were both starting to feel the effects of grandma's strong, homemade wine. "And how many more do we have on the boat?"

"Two boxes. Maybe a hundred or so."

"Tomorrow morning go back to the boat and get the rest of the ammo and whatever supplies we need. We can do some target practice when you get back."

"You're not coming with me? I thought you were afraid to be alone. Her breasts seemed to look bigger than usual. Maybe it was the form fitting t-shirt she was wearing. 

"I'd rather not go back to the boat. There might be psychos there," she said with a look of concern on her face. "I'll be alright here."

"Okay Ma," I said as she ran her fingers through my hair. 

"You remind me so much of your father," she fussed, but I didn't know why she would think that. Dad was tall and thin, with a northern European look. I, on the other hand, was stronger built and had my mother's Lebanese coloring. 

"I don't look anything like dad."

"No, but you have his personality, his drive." She held my face in her hand. She looked dark and sultry in the candlelight. I felt the monster of lust rise up in me again. She pulled my face to her and kissed me lightly on the lips. I felt my breathing becoming deep. "It's hot in here," she said as she picked up and drained her wineglass. 

She laid the glass down on the table and then pulled her t-shirt up and over her head. Her raven hair was all disheveled and sexy. 

"Ma, what are you doing?"

"Why?" She said innocently. "It's hot in here. Isn't it?" Her bra was strawberry in color and it pushed her tits up and together. 

"Is that a push up bra?" I could see the darkness of her skin down her cleavage. 

"Yes it is. Do you like it?" She was acting so demure. It was driving me nuts. She poured us two more drinks and downed half of hers right away. 

"Yes it's very pretty." The light red color of the lace looked wonderful against her skin. I could just imagine her nipples underneath.

She sidled up next to me and draped her legs over mine. She was now straddling me. "Aren't you hot Ed? Why don't you take your shirt off?" She said and then she bit her lower lip. 

I crisscrossed my arms, took my shirt by the hem and pulled it up and over my head. Mom wasted no time in running her hands up and over my pecs. I lowered my head and nuzzled her neck, as I found it hard to breathe.

"I win," she said with satisfaction.

"Yes Mom you always win." I said as I kissed her neck.

She reached behind her and undid her bra, and as I sat back she took it off showing off her girls to me. She then hiked herself on top of me and started to grind on me. I took a tit in my mouth as she started to get herself off on me. 

Her grinding was stimulating the underside of my cockhead. It felt wonderful and I ran my hands down her side and grabbed her hips. She smiled at me and wrapped her arms around my neck as she gave me a motherly lap dance. 

I wanted to be inside her so bad. "Get up," I commanded.

She lifted herself up and slipped off the rest of her clothes as I got up and did the same. I straddled the bench again and as she looked me right in the eye, she straddled me again and slid my cock into her pussy. 

""Uhhh," she grunted as my cock thrust deep inside of her.

Once I was all of the way in, she started to rock back and forth on my member. I knew this motion wouldn't get me off, but it felt so good and she looked so sexy. I could have lasted forever. 

I drank her in: her raven black hair, her dark eyes her scarlet red nipples plump with excitement, her flat stomach and her round hips. I just watched my mother fuck herself on me, as I waited for her to orgasm. 

She must have been getting drunk, because she kissed me full on the lips and stuck her tongue in my mouth. We had fucked many times in the last week, but this was the first time we frenched.

She stopped for a minute to pour another glass of wine. She took a long pull on it and then poured the last few drops on her tits. I eagerly licked them off and she proceeded to rock back and forth again as I ran my tongue up one of her tits, and down the other. 

We went back to kissing. I could taste the wine on her tongue. She then started sucking on my tongue. Her breathing got deeper and more pronounced. 

"Mmmm. Mmmm. Mmmm," she moaned as I could feel her coming to orgasm. It was only a matter of a few more strokes until she sat back on my cock, threw her head back, and gave out one long last exhale as she came. 

She was just barely done when I rousted her. "Get up." She staggered to her feet. I had to hold her so that she wouldn't fall down. I kicked the bench out of the way and bent her over the table. 

Her beautiful round ass sat in my face as she sprawled out on the table. I got between her legs and stuck my cock in mom's cunt as far as it would go. I just held onto those voluptuous hips of hers and rammed into her over and over.

She was more than a little drunk so, as I got close to orgasm, I slipped my cock out of her pussy, and rammed it into her asshole. 

"Uhhhhh," she complained. "Eddy, you're in the wrong hole."

"No I'm not Ma. I'm right were I want to be."

"Oh God. Oh God," she protested as I fucked her up the ass. She grabbed a hold of the far edge of the table as I gave her no mercy. 

"Does it hurt Ma?"

"Yes!" She responded, but her pain only made it more erotic. It only made me want to fuck her harder in the ass. I spread her cheeks, and watched as my dick slid in and out of her cute little bunghole. 

"Oh God Ma, I can't believe that I'm fucking you in the ass."

"Ahhh Eddie, hurry up, it hurts."

We grunted in unison, me with pleasure and her with pain, as I thrust for the last few times into her and shot my load deep inside her ass. The orgasm took me to heaven, and I just stood there throbbing into her. She pulled away from me as soon as she could, and just lay on the kitchen table.

"Next time you do that," she said over her shoulder. "you better lube up first. I want to please you Eddie, but that really hurt."

"I'm sorry Ma," I said guiltily.

"No you're not. You loved it. I think, the more you hurt me, the more you loved it. You better have enjoyed it, because you're not doing that for a long time." She got up, put on her clothes, and trudged up to Grandma's room. I fell asleep in the spare bedroom that I used as a kid. That was the first time ma and I slept apart since she got over the flu. 

The sun woke me up early the next morning. I quickly got dressed and made it into the kitchen. I was relieved to find that mom was still not up yet. I had a bad feeling about grandma. 

Going out the kitchen door, I noticed that the sun was already drying last night's rain, but there was still a mist over the high grass in the distance. I stood on the back stoop and surveyed grandma's property. Not to my surprise, a couple of crows were on the ground about fifty yards behind the garage. 
