 The next morning at breakfast mom was starring off into space as she drank her coffee. 

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just thinking about what supplies we need."

"You okay about going back to the boatyard?"

"Why shouldn't I be? You said that there weren't any more psychos there."

"No. Not that I know of."

'And those guys were nice, right?"

"Very nice."

"Then there is no problem."

"Right," I said unconvinced. 

"On our way back we need to stop at a hardware store."

"Okay."

"Okay then, let's get going," she said as she headed upstairs. 

I waited by the truck for mom to get ready. She kept me waiting, and when she came out the back door I knew why. She had on a scoop neck tank top in a very pretty washed out pink color. It wasn't a midriff, but it barely reached the top of her skirt. The skirt itself was a white, ruffled, tiered miniskirt that looked way too sexy for mom to be wearing just to go to the boatyard. 

"You look very nice," I said as we got in the truck.

"Thanks," she said casually. "What?" She asked as I kept looking at her. 

"What's with the outfit?"

"Why? You said I looked nice."

"Maybe too nice, given the current world situation."

"I just wanted to look nice. You realize that I really haven't met anyone since I got sick."

"If you're looking to impress John or Henry, then you are wasting your time. They are a couple of local fishermen with barely five teeth between them."

"Just drive," she said with a sneer.

"You do look nice though." Her legs were a distraction to me, but at least she was wearing a bra. I could just imagine what kind of panties she was wearing, and that was exactly what I was doing as we drove down the long driveway.

The ride to the boatyard was spent mostly in silence. The day was very cloudy, and it got misty once or twice. Along the way I thought that I spotted a figure. 

It wouldn't normally be anything to worry about. There were still people living in the area, but they usually didn't show themselves, and I thought this guy was wearing a coat. I pretended that I didn't see anything though. I didn't want to scare mom.

When we got to the boatyard Henry was out fishing along the docks. I didn't see John or Luke anywhere. We parked near him and mom and I got out and walked toward him.

"Hey Ed," he called to me.

"Hi Henry," I answered back. "This is..."

"Jocasta," mom interrupted my introduction. Obviously she didn't want him to know the nature of our relationship.

"Well it's nice to meet you," Henry gushed. It was obvious that he was taken with mom. "Jocasta, is it?"

"That's right. It's Greek, but you can call me Josie. Everyone does."

"Nice to meet you Josie," he said again as he tried to fix his hair with his hands.

"John around?" I asked to change the subject.

"Yeah, here he is now," Henry said and we all turned around to see John and Luke exiting the office. 

We started to walk up to the office to meet them half way.

"John, Luke, this is Jocasta," I said to them when we got close enough.

'Josie," mom corrected.

"I saw you the night you two got here, but it was dark and I couldn't see how beautiful you are," John said, trying to be very gallant, torn t-shirt and all. "If I had known you were this beautiful I would have had Ed bring you around sooner."

"Thank you. You are very kind." Mom was used to men flattering her. 

"Hey Ed," John looked at me and changed the subject. "Are you two staying over at Anderson Crossroads?"

"Why?" I deflected the question.

"Because they've spotted a group of zombies over there," Luke blurted out.

I cringed as soon as he said it, and I saw the look of fear on mom's face. John must have seen it too because he quickly snapped at the boy. "Luke, why don't you go and check on the boat?"

"I already checked on the boat," Luke barked back.

"Well check it again," Henry commanded him. Luke cursed underneath his breath and headed over to where the boats were docked.

"I'm sorry Ed...Josie. Luke shouldn't have blurted that out."

"It's okay, he didn't do anything wrong," mom said guiltily. "It's just that we've been attacked twice already and I'm a little nervous."

"I can imagine," Henry tried to sound concerned, the dirty old man. 

"You said a group of zombies. How many in all?" I got back to the business at hand. 

"Three or four; from what Cassio said on the radio last night," John said.

"Cassio lives in the area?" I asked. 

"No," Henry corrected. "Cassio doesn't live anywhere special. He's kind of a wanderer."

"He says, why live in one house," John added. "When there's a whole world of beautiful houses lying empty."

Mom smirked. "It makes sense," she concluded.

"So this Cassio says he saw a group of three to four zombies over at Anderson Crossroads?" I got back to the subject again.

"Yes." John answered.

"That guy, what's his name, Pato Azul, wasn't one of them?"

"No," Henry scoffed. "He's real alright, but he stays up in Dover. These might be his henchmen."

"Henchmen?" I asked incredulously. 

"The story goes that he has groups of zombies scouring the countryside looking for women."

"That's enough Henry," John butted in. 

"I'm sorry Josie." He realized that he was scaring her again. 

"I just figured that you should know," John put an end to the conversation. 

"Listen," this time I changed the subject. "Do you guys know anything about butchering a deer?"

"Butchering. No." John answered, and Henry just shook his head. "Just cut it up into chunks for stewing, or roasts for pot roast. Venison is very lean. You have to braise it in water so that it isn't dry."

"Thanks, we better get going." I said absentmindedly.

"Yeah, we better go." Mom agreed.

"I'm sorry about giving you such bad news." John apologized as he walked us back to our truck. 

"No it's best we know." I said annoyed. 

When we got into the truck mom gave me a look. "What?" I asked.

"Did I detect a little attitude back there?"

"You heard them. Why don't you take care of those zombies Ed? Like you did the last time." I started to drive out of the boatyard a little fast. 

"I didn't hear them say that," she seemed puzzled by my stance. 

"That's what they meant. Did they offer to go after these guys or help me? No." 

"I think that you took it the wrong way."

"Well no matter how they meant it. These guys have to be dealt with, and it's up to me to deal with it." I said flustered. Mom didn't answer because she knew that I was right. 

We stopped at a local hardware store that was a little out of our way. Mom needed "supplies." I roamed about the store as mom went shopping. Now, the front door was broken open, but there really isn't much necessity for hardware these days, so the store was fairly undisturbed. 

I grabbed some things for the garden and I found a hunting knife display behind the counter. I took one that had a deer antler for a handle and, of course, a sheath too. 

Mom looked very sexy shopping for canning supplies. She bent over once and I got a glimpse of her panties. They were pure white string bikini panties, and I lately would be hard as a rock just getting a peek at them, but I had other things on my mind.

In fact I grabbed whatever supplies I had and walked back to the truck by myself. It wasn't long until mom came out and sat in the cab next to me.

"What's wrong?" She asked.

"Nothing." I deflected the question.

"Eddie?"

"It's just that I'm not sure I can do what everybody wants me to do." Mom just sat there looking at me. "What happened before was necessary. You were being attacked." She nodded her head in agreement. "This is different. I don't know if I can hunt down these men and kill them in cold blood. I'm not a born killer."

"Ed these aren't innocents. You know as well as I that these men would attack and rape me if they knew I was here. And it'll only be a matter of time before they know."

"I know."

"I love you Ed."

"I know. I love you too Mom," I said sullenly.

"And I would do anything for you."

"Yeah," I said sarcastically. 

"You don't believe that I would do anything for you?" She smiled.

"Yeah I do," I said conditionally. 

"You don't believe me. That does it," she said and got out of the truck. 

She still had that big smile on her face as she walked around the front. She stopped at the driver's side corner, bent over, and stripped off her panties under her skirt. The wind had picked up and it was blowing her hair and it blew her little miniskirt up. 

She opened up my door and threw the panties in my face. They fell to my chest, as she started to climb in the cab. 

"Not now Mom, I'm not in the mood," I said as I threw her panties onto the passenger seat.

"Yeah I can tell," she answered back as she grabbed the erection in my pants. 

"That doesn't mean anything. I have an erection twenty-four hours a day," I exaggerated.

"If that's true, then we aren't doing it nearly enough," she said as she straddled me. She then stripped off her shirt and threw that in the passenger seat. She was wearing that same strawberry push-up bra I had seen before. She pulled the cups down and showed her girls to me. 

"You like looking at me Ed, don't you?"

"Yes."

"I mean, I see you looking at me all of the time. Even when we are not doing it."

"I am cursed with a sexy and beautiful mother." I said as she got on her knees, undid my shorts, and with my help, pulled them down my legs.

"Cursed?" She asked as she started to kiss my face.

"Why couldn't you be fat and ugly like all of the other mothers?"

She kissed me once on the lips, took my face in her hands, and looked me in the eye. "Why would you want that?"

"Because then this would only be about sex," I said as the rain, which had been threatening all day, started. The wind was beating it against the windshield in sheets. 

"And what is it now?"

"I don't know. I think about doing it with you all of the time. I lust after you constantly. I even have sex dreams about you."

She grabbed my cock and inserted it in her pussy as she sat back down on me. We both let out a moan of pleasure at the same time.

We didn't fuck. She just sat there motionless on me, with my cock in her.

"What are you saying?"

"I don't know. I know we got passed the incest thing, but this is different."

"I don't understand."

"I don't either. All I know is that I want you more than I ever wanted Jen, and I was head over heels in love with my wife. I don't even think about her anymore."

"Nonsense," she said as she started to grind her clit against my rock hard cock. It felt so wonderful, and she was so damn beautiful. I couldn't stand it. "I'm your mother." 

"And my lover," I countered, but she didn't hear me. She was in her own world. She started to grind herself intensely on me. I could see her face contort as she struggled to orgasm. 

I just looked at her tits undulate above her bra as she fucked me. I normally wouldn't come on bottom, but I couldn't help myself with her. She was so hot and sexy that her motion, which normally did nothing for me, was sending my cock into ecstasy. 

"Oh baby, Mama's gonna come!" She moaned. 

I slipped my hands under her skirt and grabbed her by the hips. I started to push into her as she ground against me. I couldn't get enough. I couldn't get deep enough inside her. I wanted to come with her. 

"OH BABY, PLEASE DON'T STOP!" She cried. She started to convulse from her own orgasm, and with that I started to come. 

"Oh God Mom, I love you."

"I love you too baby," she whimpered.

We just lay there exhausted, panting and sweaty for a while; with her still on top of me and me still inside of her. She couldn't move and I didn't want to. Finally she lifted up her head and gave me a soft kiss on the lips before she climbed off of me and into the passenger seat again. 

Much to my chagrin, she fixed her bra right away, found her panties underneath herself, and slipped them on. She started to put her blouse on too, but stopped to look at me.

"It is just sex Eddie. Don't confuse it. It's just so intense that it feels like something different." She slipped her head into her blouse and pulled it on. "I love you Eddie, and I would do anything for you, but I'm your mother."

I felt like a seventeen year old kid, who was told by the girl he just fucked, that she only wanted to be friends. I knew she was right. She was my mom, but I still felt hollow inside. 

I pulled up my pants, started the engine, and pulled the truck out through the driving storm. She knew I was hurt. It didn't take a rocket scientist to tell I was distant. So she changed the subject to equally serious subject 

"You know Ed, technically I could still get pregnant."

"What?"

"Well, I know you think I'm ancient, but I'm only fifty, and I haven't gone through the change yet." I didn't answer her. I just stared at her dumbfounded. "We have been going at it like two rabbits, and you come in me every time."

"Do you want me to pull out?"

"No."

"Do you want to get pregnant?"

She gave me a look that was pure bewilderment. "I don't know." The subject would have been verboten a few months ago. Now, it was not only broached, but also being considered.

The strange thing was that the subject not only didn't nauseate me; it actually turned me on. I found the idea, of impregnating my mother, to be erotic.

"What do we do?" I asked tentatively.

"I don't know. I know that I don't want to stop. In fact, I want to do it more. And I don't want you to stop coming in me. That would ruin it." She paused and turned to look at me. "Do you want to stop? Given that I might get pregnant."

"No." 

"Then God help us." 

Out of my daze I realized that this was the same spot that I had seen the strange figure on the way to the boatyard. We were coming up to an intersection where I had to make a left, and to the right, in the middle of the road, in the middle of the rain, were four men walking. 

"Get down," I yelled to my mother.

"What's the matter?" She asked as she slumped down in the seat.

"It's them."

"It's who?"

"It's the zombies Luke was talking us about."

"Where?" She asked and started to get up to take a look.

"GET DOWN!" I yelled annoyed. 

They were about fifty yards down the road. The first two were black, the third white, and the guy bringing up the rear was Hispanic. The first black guy turned around as our truck stopped at the intersection. 

"Where's the mini?" I asked mom. She pulled it out from the side of the center console and handed it to me. As I slipped the transmission into park and started to exit the vehicle, the first black guy made a run for it into the tall swamp grass on the side of the road. 

The second black guy and the white guy didn't run but followed him. The Hispanic guy turned around to face me. I leaned over the front of the truck, and with the rain teeming down and my two elbows on the hot hood I fired my first shot. I heard the clank of the bolt coming to the rear. 

I don't where the shot went, but it apparently didn't hit him. I fired two more shots as the two walkers made it to the tall grass. I hit the Hispanic guy with both of them and he spun around like a rag doll. 

The first three guys were in cover and I wasn't going to just spray the bushes hoping to hit something. I didn't have that much ammo. I got back in the truck and threw the rifle to mom. 

I gunned the throttle and sped down the road toward where I had lost sight of them. I jumped out of the vehicle again and ran for the heavy brush. I heard rustling, but I wasn't sure where it was coming from. 

I couldn't risk going after them and leaving mom alone. I had to settle for only getting one. I walked back to where the Hispanic guy had fallen and stood over him in the rain. 

He was a zombie all right. Even in the rain I could smell the mixture of feces and body odor that was so distinct to them. He was unkempt and he was dressed in long pants and two jackets over his flannel shirt. 

I dragged him by his ankle into the rain gully on the side of the road. That's where I left him before I jumped back into the truck, soaking wet. I turned around and headed back to the house, which was less than two miles away. 

My head was elsewhere; indignant. It was only then that I realized that my heart was pumping and I was short of breath. 

"You're mad?" My mother asked.

"I let them get away. If I had concentrated on the two lead guys, they would have never gotten away. The last guy was a sitting duck. He was a decoy."

"I don't understand you Ed. An hour ago you were agonizing over whether you could kill them, 'in cold blood,' remember. Now you are annoyed that you only killed one." 

I didn't answer. I was too pissed at myself. "Sitting duck," I thought about my own expression. You don't think that the first guy was Pato Azul? Nah, I thought to myself, Pato Azul is Hispanic. Isn't he?

"What are you going to do now?" Mon broke me out of my spell.

"I'm going to get Al Shaba and hunt them down."

But the rain never stopped that day and thunderstorms came in that night. The thought of tramping through the Delmarva brush, in the dark and in a thunderstorm was not smart. I had to wait till morning. 

I refilled the mini's clip with bullets and attached my new hunting knife's sheath to my shorts. I had to find one of dad's old belts to hang it off of. I also grabbed my Uncle's binoculars. 

The rain came in handy though. I left a couple of buckets outside and I cut a hole in the center of an old garbage can lid. I left it inverted on top of one of the buckets, and within an hour I had quite a few gallons of rainwater. 

Water was a precious commodity now. I had to haul all of the water we needed, for the garden too, from one of the ponds near by. Grandma had a well, but the pump was electric, and of course there was none of that. 

Grandma had a, LP gas stove in the kitchen. You just had to light it yourself, because of no electricity. I put the rainwater in a big pot on the stove and soon the rainwater was now bathwater.

Mom came in to the kitchen as I was soaping up my body. "That's a good idea," she said and started to strip off all of her clothes. In no time we were lathering each other up, and then my arms were around her. I could feel her breast warm and wet against my chest, and my dick slipped against her. 

I picked her up and set her on the kitchen counter. She stroked my cock using the warm soapy water. I didn't push it. I let her take her time, and finally I was rewarded as she inserted the head of my dick in her lips. 

It felt good to be wet and clean and soapy as I fucked her. Her legs were wrapped around my body as we dripped all over the floor. Her hair was wet and her kisses were wet. Her pussy was definitely wet 

As I was about to come, I thought about what she had said in the truck that afternoon. The thought of making her pregnant made me more excited. I wanted to fill her with life producing semen. 

"I'm going to come in you Mom,"

She looked into my eyes, and with what could only be described as yearning, she said. "I know." 

That night we went to bed wet and naked, entwined together on top of the blankets, while the rain fell outside in the hot, almost tropical night. That was the first time we slept together since we got to Delaware.

The next morning I slipped out of bed, got dressed, and with Al Shaba, made our way out of the door, without waking mom. The sun wasn't up longer than fifteen minutes before we were racing down the road to where I had shot that Hispanic guy. 

He was still there on the side of the road, and he was still dead. I stood over him for a while. I wanted Al Shaba to get a good smell of him. She wouldn't come near him though; no matter how much I called her. Maybe it was the smell or maybe it was just that she wasn't a trained bloodhound. I probably expected too much of her. Anyway, she wouldn't smell the dead Hispanic zombie. 
