 Nicole angrily dashed tears from her eyes even as she squinted at the road. Attempting to maneuver through the thick eerie fog that was taking over the entire width of the narrow lane, she swerved suddenly, stomping on the brakes to avoid a large animal that stepped out in front of her.

Releasing the breath she didn't realize she'd been holding, she stared into the most amazing silver eyes that she'd ever seen. They looked right at her, almost as if...No, it was a wolf. There was no way it could know her; a huge black wolf, not a man.

Not breaking eye contact, she put her car in reverse and slowly backed away from the magnificent creature. Sadly, she watched as he loped away; disappearing in the abundance of trees that lined the slender pathway.

Shaking her springy auburn curls to clear her thoughts, she allowed her brain to return to the situation at hand. Had it only been a few hours ago that she had found her fiancée Parker in bed with one of her close friends? Was it really only a few short months ago that she had been declared an heiress after inheriting a distant relative's estate and finances? Had she truly just graduated college a couple years ago? 

It felt as if her life was on a roller coaster merry-go-round, spinning rapidly out of control. She had been adopted as a baby and her parents had passed away in a car accident her senior year of high school. Then, she had worked her way through a local Junior College, graduating with top honors. She had met Parker at a work function and they had recently moved in together. "Damn and double damn!" She swore, as it dawned on her just why he had been so impatient to live together.

Only weeks before he confessed his unwavering love for her, a police officer had knocked at her door and given her papers declaring her the sole surviving heir of the Preston Fortune. She hadn't known she had any relatives after her parents' deaths and the death of one Uncle Frank Preston had left her stunned.

Uncle Frank was a great uncle to her father; or so she had been told, and had stipulated in his will that she, Ashley "Nicole" Preston would inherit his entire fortune upon residing at his estate for a term of six months. 

Now, after finding Parker and Sherry together, turning over the leasing of her current home to her uncles attorney and packing up a few meager possessions, here she was on this narrow little deer path, heading up the side of a mountain to some grand castle in the sky. Wasn't life ironic! She laughed.

Then, suddenly as if by magic, the fog lifted and the huge full moon shone brightly on a dark crumbling castle. Involuntarily, a violent shiver raced down her spine even as a mountain of goosebumps rose on her pale skin. If she didn't know better, she'd think it was a vampire's castle.

"Silly girl!" She chided herself aloud. "Everyone knows vampires are just superstitions."

She drove the last several yards in an odd mixture of fright and awe, staring intently at the disintegrating fortress. As bad as it looked, it was still an imposing site to behold. A winding stone walkway twisted and turned its way to the door while a lone gas lamp cast eerie shadows which danced across the rough pathway.

Sliding the gearshift into park, she looked cautiously around before opening the door. Seeing nothing any more alarming than the castle itself, she shut off the engine, got out and grabbed her two bags from her trunk. 

A bloodcurdling howl erupted from the trees near the castle door, causing her to slam the lid closed. "Damn!" She cursed, realizing her keys were still in there even as the danger of the situation became clear.

A huge form stepped out into the moonlight, the rays bouncing from its blue-black coat. The same silver eyes she had encountered only moments ago stared straight at her, daring her to come forward.

Almost against her will she began to move slowly, one foot in front of the other praying for a miracle. Then, the door burst open flooding the area out front with light. The wolf leapt away and disappeared back into the trees.

A little wrinkled and drawn old man stood in the doorway. "Well? Are you just going to stand there with your jaw in the dirt or are you coming in?" He turned and disappeared again inside the building.

Throwing back her narrow shoulders and thrusting her head up, she gathered what remained of her wits and courage, and cautiously made her way to the door. 

Once inside the warm, dimly lit home, she looked curiously around. There were ancient sconces hanging from the walls, lighting the passageways. The thick red Persian rugs that warmed the gleaming hardwood floors, while clean, showed decades of foot travel across them.

Leaving her bags at the door, she turned down a hall to investigate further. The rich scent of roasting meat tickled her nose, making her mouth water. Following the tantalizing smells, she soon found herself in a small dining room which contained a rather large table already set for a single diner.

Not seeing anyone, she turned to go down yet another cavernous hallway; unsure where she should look. Then, seemingly out of nowhere, the little old man stepped out into her path. "Your dinner is ready if you're hungry Ms. Preston." He turned and hurried into the dining room.

She shrugged her shoulders then turned and followed him back to where she had been only a moment ago. Now, the candles on the table danced merrily as clouds of steam rose from platter after platter of delicious looking food.

Pulling out the chair behind the setting, the man gestured for her to sit. "Ma'am." He nodded before scooting the chair in for her and opening her napkin. After dishing out just the right portion of all the right dishes, he disappeared again as mysteriously as he had appeared.

Tucking into the food, she ate; leisurely savoring each succulent bite of ham, turkey and what appeared to be roast beef. Finally, not able to take another bite, she set the napkin on the table and turned to find the man back and waiting for her yet again.

"Kind sir, if you are going to keep sneaking up on me like this, I'd really like to at least know your name." She said, trying to be as nice as she knew how after almost being startled out of her own skin.

With a slight bow the little man stood to his full height of almost five feet. "Barnabus Jones at your service ma'am." He smiled, his thick bushy eyebrows dancing above wrinkled sunken eye sockets that looked to barely hold his bloodshot brown eyes. "But you can just call me Bones if you'd like."

"Um, Mr. Bones." She started.

"Oh no, just Bones will do. No Mister is needed." He corrected gently.

"Well, um, Bones; is there a room that I might be able to use for the night, I'm afraid I'm about on my last leg."

"Right this way Ma'am." He turned and shuffled down the hallway she had been about to take before eating.

Pushing a door open wide, he stepped back. "Here you are Miss, just ring if you need anything else. There's a lavatory attached to the room. I wouldn't venture out alone at night though. There are many stories about this castle that happen to be quite true." He warned before disappearing back down yet another corridor before she could ask him what he meant.

A massive canopy bed dwarfed the room while a corner fireplace crackled warmly, while casting disturbing shadows along the velvet covered walls. She opened a door to a large armoire encasing an opposite corner and spied all of her clothes neatly hung and organized. "My goodness, Bones is nothing if not efficient." She said aloud.

"More than efficient I'm afraid." A deep rich voice replied from the open doorway, causing a very unladylike shriek to erupt from her throat as she spun and sought its source.

"Who are you and what are you doing in here?" She demanded, striding towards the arrogant sound.

"I'm Blake, and you Nicole, are going to make a very tasty treat!" He lunged forward even as she screamed again, attempting to dodge his hands. The door slammed close and locked as if by some magical force.

Whirling around she turned on him, raking his handsome face with her nails before gasping in surprise. "Oh my God!" She exclaimed in a mix of freight and fascination.

"Oh yes my dear Nicki; the one and the same." His striking silver eyes flashed in anger and something else she refused to acknowledge. His jet black hair glistened in the firelight as a muscle in his neck ticked in agitation. "I've been waiting for this night for just over twenty-eight years and I refuse to let your fear thwart me tonight."

Grabbing her arm, he pulled her firmly against his solid, shirtless body. Capturing her lips in his, he kissed her hard and deep, demanding her tongue in response to his own searching quest. Involuntarily, her fingers delved into the soft pelt that was his chest. "I know it's impossible but I feel as if I've known you my entire life." She replied breathlessly. "It's like I've dreamed about this moment."

"Oh but you have. Didn't Barnabus explain?" He looked into her wide startled green eyes. "You were born just for me to love. Your own Uncle Frank felt pity on his favorite pet and promised me the perfect mate upon his death. Thus, here you are." He kissed her again, effectively quieting her rebuttal. 

"Oh God Blake." She murmured against his lips, becoming fully enchanted by his intoxicating kisses. "That would explain why I have felt so terribly lonely for so long."

"You will never be lonely again My Sweet." He vowed, burying his nose deeply in her auburn tresses, inhaling the scent that was all her. Slowly, he peeled her clothes from her body leaving a trial across the floor before lifting her into the tall waiting bed.

Following her up onto the feather soft mattress, he gently kissed her pert nipples, sucking one into his mouth even as he parted her thighs with a searching hand. Smiling wickedly at her gasp of surprise, he toyed with her mercilessly. 

Biting down on her nipple with just enough pressure to bring another gasp from her lips, he slid a finger into her dampening depths as she squirmed beneath him. Rewarding her then with a gentle swipe of his tongue, he shocked her again burying it in her ever-tightening recesses.

Patiently he brought on her climax, loving her body with his intoxicating touch; taking her to the brink over and over while not allowing her to crest. Finally, as she sobbed out his name he moved above her, positioning his rigid flesh at her entrance before plunging deeply, taking her in every sense of the word.

The friction of the perfect fit pushed them simultaneously over the edge while they clung to each other, riding the tides of passion before crashing breathlessly back to earth. Dazed, he smoothed her hair on the pillow while lightly kissing her cheek.

Wanting more yet instinctively knowing she was not ready for the truth, he left her sleeping in a cloud of thick pelts. He would return on the morrow to give her more explanation and let her make the choice. 

She woke suddenly, the room cold without his presence. A wild, sorrowful howl erupted outside the window, drawing her from the bed. Gazing out, her eyes met the quicksilver gaze of her lover; the wolf.