 Chapter 8: The Role Model

George and Dawn crossed the threshold of their home. Upon finding the house empty, Dawn wrapped George up with her graceful arms and kissed him lovingly. Before George lost himself to her completely, he swept her up and carried her to his room. Not being able to touch her whenever he wanted at work was more difficult than he expected it to be. He was supposed to be a good role model and follow camp rules – meaning that public displays of affection where not encouraged. Now they had the whole house to themselves until his mother got home from work at six. That would give them plenty of time to be lovers again. 

Without having to say it, the room was transformed into the sex pad he created earlier. He climbed onto the massive bed and laid her down. They kissed like two horny teenagers. Or, more accurately, one horny teenager and one perpetually aroused three day old genie servant. One couldn't get enough of the urgent press from the other's lips. 

He had been given much practice since her arrival and he had learned to enjoy a tonguey smooch. It made him feel close to her, closer than he had ever felt to anyone he had ever known. It was a gift. He didn't know from who or for what, but he was thankful.

He ran his hands up and down her curves in lustful fascination, rolling around the bed as the mood took him. He preferred her to be on top so that he didn't need to worry about crushing her, although she showed no signs of discomfort when George gently pinned her to the bed. 

Dawn wrapped her thighs around his waist and pulled him in as closely as she could. The room was filled with the sounds of her rapturous sighs and moans.

Their need for the other grew as the kiss went on. After their fantastic encounter during free-swim George was satisfied, but Dawn couldn't seem to get enough of him. He loved that feeling, that she desired him in all ways, at any time. It was a great relief to be home and in private, where he didn't have to hold back for fear of what someone might see, and let himself enjoy her fully without distraction. He became more and more aroused, but sex didn't feel necessary. Kissing her, touching her, the soft warmth of her body, her legs wrapped around him. It all felt so perfect.

Eventually, his primal urges surfaced with a vengeance and he had to have her. He moved lower to kiss and caress her breasts, marveling at her soft and busty assets. 

She pulled her shirt over her head without a word, leaving her clad in just her striped bikini. The cups contained her beautiful tits, but did nothing to hide them. Dawn was sensitive there, especially at her nipples, and cooed affectionately at his attention.

George moved lower, kissing her taut stomach. He traced the lines of her lightly defined muscles with his lips and drank in her sweet and musky scent.

Dawn giggled as his fingers grazed her sides, making her breasts jiggle slightly. 

Inspired by her laughter, George gave her a loud raspberry right in the middle of her stomach.

"That is so weird!" she squealed. "Do it again!"

He gave her a good one right in her belly-button. 

Her hysterical giggling compelled him to give her more raspberries over her stomach, breasts, neck and anywhere else he could reach. She rolled around as she made half-hearted attempts at impeding him. But when George stopped, she pouted until he kissed her once more.

"You are so mean," she whimpered.

"Nuh-uh, I'm really nice sometimes."

"Sometimes, yes, but right now you are teasing me. I thought you were a kind master. I guess I was wrong."

George caught the playful twinkle in her eye. "Well, I guess I'll have to prove it too you then," he replied.

"And how are you going to do that, Meanie?"

George smiled wickedly. "Take your shorts off," he ordered.

Dawn's eyes widened at his sudden order. With alacrity George had never seen, Dawn shucked off her shorts and bikini bottoms and waited excitedly for her next order. 

George wedged his hands between her knees, and slowly pulled her thighs apart.

Dawn was panting in anticipation, "Are you really going to... oh George!"

He traced his finger down her inner thigh towards her already glistening lips. Everywhere his finger went, his lips soon followed. He slowly covered her quivering flesh in slow reverent kisses. 

Dawn watched anxiously as he inched his way closer. She was almost holding her breath as he grazed his lips across her clit, and breathed heavy in frustration as he kissed back up her other thigh.

"See, you are mean," she pouted.

As soon as he reached her knee he began to work his way back down towards her pussy. He stopped just short, and asked slyly, "Are you sure?"

She leaned her head back and shouted, "I was kidding! I did not mean it! You are kind, and sweet, and smart and handsome and well hung and well-spoken and... and..."

"And?"

"And... you smell good?"

He was about to flick her clit with his tongue, but upon hearing her last concession he looked up at her with a raised eyebrow.

"Oh, just eat my pussy already! Please?"

"Well why didn't you just say that?" he joked. Without another word, he dipped down and kissed her clit. He sucked on it lightly at first, then swirled his tongue around the engorged nub. Dawn's cries of pleasure were music to his ears. He became determined to show Dawn's amazing pussy the same reverence he held for the rest of her. He didn't rush. He took the time to explore every nuance of her sex with his fingers and tongue.

"Oh, Master! I love your mouth and your lips and your tongue! Oh please! Fuck my pussy with your mouth!"

Dawn would squeal when he reached a spot that was particularly sensitive, and worshiped that spot for a bit, taking note of its position. He found several spots like that. Obviously, her clit was one of them, but so were the folds surrounding it, along with the very inside edges of her opening. The best results came when he stimulate two, or three spots at once. 

"I cannot believe... Oh George!"

George was still learning, but did his best to prolong her first orgasm for as long as he could. However, Dawn was so receptive to anything he did that she went over the edge much more quickly then he wanted. Within five minutes she let loose an electrifying orgasm. He crawled up between the valley of her bosom to kiss her as her orgasm subsided. But he didn't feel like it was enough. 

"Are you ready for another one?" he asked when he could wrench his tongue away from hers.

"I am always ready," she breathed. "But, are you going to let me take care of you soon?"

He almost laughed, "All you do is take care of me. Let me take care of you for a change."

"W-what did I do to deserve this?" she managed, as she gazed up at him in post-orgasmic awe.

"What? I can't go down on my girlfriend without a reason?"

"Of course you can. You can do anything you want to me," she laughed. "I was just wondering if I did anything in particular to make you want to pleasure me so much."

George shrugged, "I don't know. You make me happy. Isn't that enough?"

She replied only with a sultry and loving smile.

He dipped down between her legs and began again. He didn't know why, but it was fun for him. It made her feel really good, and it gave him a measure of satisfaction to know that he was able to give her pleasure without anything in return. Though the hardness in his shorts was telling of how much he enjoyed it, and how much he needed release.

After her third orgasm, Dawn was almost wheezing with pleasure. "No more! Please, I need you inside me! Please fuck me, Master!"

George was hard as a rock and throbbing with desire for her. But just as he was about to strip off his remaining clothing, the doorbell rang, and startled him out of his lustful stupor. He jumped off the bed and made for the window to see who it was. He couldn't see the front door, but he could see a yellow sedan with the Walt's Wiches logo painted on the door.

"It's Lindsey. What's she doing here?" murmured George in frustration. His cock felt painfully full inside his shorts.

"Well, we did say she could come over any time. I guess she is taking us up on the offer. Though, I did not expect it to be so soon."

"Crap. What do I do?"

Dawn sighed lustfully, "Invite her up here and let her watch. Or let her join in. I do not care."

The image of Dawn and Lindsey writhing on his bed tempted him to wish it true. But he controlled himself. "That would be something. But not today, babe."

"Would she leave if we did not answer the door?" she asked hopefully.

"No. My car's out there. And she'll just come inside anyway. She's always been allowed to make herself welcome here."

Dawn rubbed her thighs together and eyed him seductively. "Invite her in then," she purred. "I want to see her. All of her."

George eyed her knowingly. "Hey, leave my lesbian friend alone."

She giggled, "Aww, what is the matter? Afraid I might make an honest carpet-muncher out of her?"

From downstairs, they could hear the front door open and shut. "George?" called Lindsey. "I brought booze!"

"I'm gonna go greet her," said George. 

"Alright," said Dawn with determination. "Would it be okay if I took a shower? My hair is all full of chlorine."

He chuckled in amusement, "You don't need my permission. Go ahead."

She snapped her fingers, "Right, I keep forgetting. I will be quick."

"Oh, Dawn, before you go," he began. "I wish for you to have an incredibly powerful orgasm in the shower. Let's make it the most powerful you've had yet, only you won't pass out this time. And it will happen when you least expect it."

Tingle. Flash. Dawn covered her mouth in shock before dashing off for the shower. 

George headed downstairs to meet Lindsey. She was in the kitchen with several large shopping bags. George took in a sharp breath as he caught sight of her.

"What up, George," she greeted with a bright smile.

"Uh... hi?" he managed.

It had taken George a long time to realize that he had been attracted to Lindsey. He had always liked her as a friend, but was never able to allow himself to think of her as a woman. However, as she stood there in the kitchen pulling beer and sandwiches out of bags, George's healthy affection turned into full on lust. 

She was wearing her yellow polo from work, but the buttons were completely undone. It was much tighter too, like it had been shrunk in the wash. Instead of the pants she normally wore to work, she had on a pair of khaki shorts that her father (despite his easy going nature) would not appreciate. Gone were her glasses, and her jade green eyes were on display once more. But what really sent him over the edge was her hair. It was down. For the first time that he could remember, her long fiery hair was hanging free.

"George?" she asked, interrupting his train of thought.

"Wha?" asked a slackjawed George.

"You're staring at me again," she said, almost with a giggle.

"Uh... sorry. It's just that... you're hot."

Lindsey blushed, but managed to play it off with a laugh. "Yeah, right."

George felt his heart fluttering towards her. Her body demanded that he stare, but when she blushed, George swooned. He knew then that Dawn had been right all along. Something had to happen between them.

He recovered before things got weird, and said, "No, for real. You probably hear this all the time, but you're a real babe."

She sighed in frustration. "It's just the uniform, and all this makeup. Dad thinks that he can pull in some more business if he dresses me up like a Diner Dash Barbie." She glared at him playfully, "Thanks for that, by the way."

"Me? What did I do?" he laughed.

"Dad saw that little stunt you and sleeping beauty pulled. He actually paid the kid fifty bucks for those pictures off of his phone. He wants to put me on the all the promotional materials now."

He shrugged, "You could always say no."

She shrugged, "I could. But..."

"What?"

"It's... kinda fun," she admitted finally. "And he gets so excited about it. You'd think he was starting his shop all over again."

"Wow. So staring at boobs has actually done some good for the world," said George in mock wonder.

"Hey!" she laughed as she pointed an accusing finger at him. "Watch it, buster! You're already in deep shit!"

George threw his hands up, "I'm a guy! I like tits! You're right, I'm weird."

Lindsey laughed. "I can see you like tits. What's Dawn packin'? D's? E's?"

"She said somewhere in there, yeah. What are yours? They ain't small."

Lindsey gasped and covered her breasts with her hands, presumably to show modesty. 

George thought it odd that she needed to cup them to do that. 

"Would you knock it off!" she ordered, even as her hands rested lightly on her cleavage. "I feel like I'm talking to the brother I never had nor wanted about things best never spoken off."

He threw his hands up again, "Alright, fine. I'm just say'n, they look nice."

"Yeah, right. You see one pair and suddenly you're an expert."

George had a naughty idea. "Care to wager on that?"

Lindsey squinted at him, like if she stared hard enough she could see through him. Slowly, she said, "Okay..."

"If I can guess the cup size of the bra you're wearing right now, you have to let me see you in just a bra." 

"No fucking way!" she yelled, though it was hard for George to take her seriously when she was smiling that widely.

"Oh come on, why not?" he whined. "That shirt is so tight, I can practically see them right now."

"Because… you just… can't," she stammered. She was actively holding herself now, but turned slightly so her cleavage was out of view.

"How about this: if I'm wrong, I'll let you see my tits," he grinned.

She laughed. Then she let her eyes drop to the bulge in his shorts.

George hoped he knew what she was thinking. "Or, I can give you the male review treatment," he said winking.

Lindsey was surprised, but her smile gave her away once again. "Oh really," she laughed. "Will you give me the Thunder from Down Under treatment?"

"I don't even know what that is. But if it means you'll play the game, then fuck yeah!"

She smiled as she thought. Finally, she asked, "The exact size?"

He nodded.

"Alright, it's a bet!" she squealed. "Oh I can't wait to see how you weasel your way out of this one."

George smiled widely. "Dawn? What's Lindsey's cup size?"

"S-Somewhere... in the C/D range." Even speaking telepathically, Dawn sounded like she could cum at any moment. "Of course... it depends on her... m-menstrual cycle... a-and the bra manufacturer and..."

"I mean right now. What's the size of the bra she's wearing?"

"34C. Oh! It is really nice too! Good material, and a little tight. S-So hot. Oh, Lindsey!"

Suddenly, George heard what sounded like a thump and a muffled scream.

"What was that?" asked Lindsey, baffled.

"What was what?" he replied dumbly.

She looked around, "I could have sworn I heard something."

"Huh, weird."

George had his answer, but wanted to see how far he could take this game. He stared at her chest and rubbed his chin. "Hmm," he thought out loud, "let's see here. There's that, and that curves there, and intersects at that angle..." He began making exaggerated movements with his hands like he had tools to measure her with. 

Lindsey looked at him like he was crazy, but chuckled the entire time. 

He took a step towards her and leaned in to look more closely, "...then take the square root of the hypotenuse. Hey, turn around for a second."

"What, like this?"

"Right. But put your arms up a little."

"No," she laughed as she covered herself once more. "You're just trying to catch some side-boob."

"Hey, c'mon, don't be that girl. Just put your arms up for a second."

"What does that even mean?" she mused. Though, she did raise her arms over her head.

George resumed his observations. "Okay, so I subtract that negative, drop the remainder, carry the two. Hmm, this is tough. Though it might be easier if I could get a feel for the weight." He took another step towards her, his arms outstretched for a grope.

"Hey!" she shouted as she batted away his hands. "Get your meat-hooks away from me! You can look, but no touchy."

"Oh well. Fair enough." He took a knee so that his face was level with her chest, wrapped his hands around the curve of her back and pulled her in close.

"Uh, George? You're touching me," she said shakily. Though, she didn't try to stop him.

He smirked. "What, I can't touch you at all?" George had never been this playful with Lindsey before. But he was left feeling very frisky after his time with Dawn. He wasn't afraid of the female body anymore. It now seemed like something intensely fascinating in all its softness, curves and the raw lust associated with it, that he felt like he needed to study it as closely as he could.

"No, you can touch me, it's just..."

"What?" he asked cheekily. He let his hands roam over her back, making her shirt pull even tighter across her bust.

Lindsey put her hands on his shoulders to keep from falling forward. "Okay, okay! What's your guess, Hands McGee?"

"If my calculations are correct... 34C," he said triumphantly.

She looked surprised, but not for long. She pushed away from him. "Wrong! Thanks for playing. You forgot to account for the curvature of the earth. Now let's see some tighty-whiteys!"

George eyed her suspiciously. He knew that Dawn wasn't wrong, so Lindsey must have been trying to bluff him. The old George would never have even thought to play this game, but the new George was quite ready to call her bluff.

"Alright, what is it then?" he asked as he stood up.

"I'm not telling!"

"Then how do I know I've lost. I'll need to see the tag before I concede defeat."

Lindsey went a little pale, "I can't show you, pervert. Just take my word for it."

"Hey!" he whined, "that's not fair!"

She tisk-tisked him and went back to the bags she brought with her. "See, I knew you would chicken out. Oh well."

He couldn't let it end like that. Throughout their relationship she had always been the dominant one. She was always the one to come out ahead in their dealings. And now, he knew why. She had been afraid, so she was putting the ball in his court knowing he would never actually do anything. It was a challenge, and for the first time in years, George had the courage to meet it.

Quietly, he moved behind her and slid his fingers just under the bottom of her shirt. Upon touching the skin around her hips, George felt an electric rush. He felt suddenly nervous as he touched his best friend in a way that was much more than friendly. But he didn't want to stop.

She went a bit tense and began to shiver. "George," she asked, surprised, "what are you doing?"

He wasn't sure. At first, this was just another part of the game, to embarrass her, to have a little fun. But now, it felt like he was on the threshold of something dangerous. It was exciting and scary. She didn't look like the nagging frumpy nerd he grew up with. She looked like a woman – a very sexy woman. He towered over her like he did Dawn, and he could feel goose bumps where his fingers rested on her skin. 

"I think you're lying. So I'm gonna have a look," he whispered in her ear. He sounded confidant, but inside he was ready to feint. 

"G-George, I..." she stopped as George began to slowly move his fingertips up her body, pushing the tight polo with it. She moved to block him, but then had a moment where she didn't seem to know what to do with her hands - stopping and starting a hundred different actions. She eventually settled on resting them on the kitchen counter, and bending very slightly to push back against him. 

George felt his cock harden immediately.
