 "I was wondering if you were going to come over," Inxs said. 

"I was wondering that myself. I am surprised I have. How are you?" Goron asked. 

"Same as always, trying to save the Kindred from itself. And you?"

"Same as always, trying to teach others that the Kindred should be left alone to shape their own destiny. "

They gave each other rueful smiles; enough time had gone by for each to know that his race was too complex to shape or to trust. 

"I like it here on the clear, calm water. It feels like the water is taking on most of the pressure off me. " She said. 

"Hmm, I did not realize you ever listened to me. "

"I always listened to you, I just did not agree with what you said very often. "

"I am surprised you are here at all. "

"I come here nearly everyday. I usually get on the water right after you do. I have heard you scream, I have heard you cry, I have heard you sing. You have been singing often lately so I decided to find out if you still hate me. "

"I have never hated you. I have been angry and disappointed with you but have never hated you. "

"I apologize for deceiving you. I was afraid you would not be willing to accept me as I am. You are a conservative politician as everyone knows. There is a lot of prejudice against us but the history of our failure on Earth has given us pause and we have learned. We make sure all know we mean no harm. 

I somehow thought I already had shown you my true form. I did tell you what I was when we were introduced but that was several years before. 

The last time you brought me here I was so at peace I reverted without thinking. I did not know I had until I saw your reaction. I will never get used to being seen as revolting. "

"You are not revolting, you are still fighting the images others have created of you. I did not see someone that was revolting, I saw someone that had deceived me. 

You were and are beautiful. I have seen many shape shifters but none has ever been revolting to me, well except for Karel but he is revolting in Kindred form too. "

Her laugh sounded like delicate wind chimes, he loved that sound. Karel was her boss. He had called Goron an idiot. Diplomat and non-confrontational Karel had also called him a moron. 

He had told him he was still in love with her and she was still in love with him and both were imbeciles then left him to stew for a month. 

That was a month and a day ago. 

Goron paddled his kayak around her until they were face to face. 

She said, "You have made progress personally and as a rising political star. You have accepted that we are trying to help. How?"

"I did not always agree with you but I always listened. "

She smiled and had to fight off the desire to revert to the form he had fallen in love with. She did not need to, he kissed her anyway. It was a soft lovers kiss. 

When the kiss ended she had a tear in her eye. He still loved her even in her true form

. He began to paddle away slowly as he began to sing a love song. She stayed where she was until she saw he was headed for their place, the place where they made love. She followed. 

Her mind whirled into the myriad of possibilities and stopped at the one in which she was being lured to be murdered. Her race had many powerful defense mechanisms but all could be overcome if she shifted. That took a lot of energy to maintain. She wondered if she could deny his request to shift. 

He beached in their cove and removed his clothing. She could see his erection from five meters away. She wanted it. 

Goron now understood that in her true form she was as gorgeous, smart, funny and desirable as she had been in Kindred form. True her tail was distracting but her pink-red skin had disappeared in the melee of Kindred skin colors. She was beautiful. 

For the last week or so he knew she was watching him. He began to pretend to leave and watched her. Her sad songs got to him, she was truly sorry she had deceived him. His resentment vanished and he immediately realized he was still in love with her. Karel had been right, he was a moron. 

She beached her kayak and straddled his body; she sank over his manhood and sighed. "Do you want me to shift?" she asked with trepidation. 

"No, make love to me please. "

Her skin glowed brilliant red and she kissed him over and over. She made love to him to orgasms and both filled the air with their song as he filled her with fluids. They cuddled, they kissed. He caressed her smallish breasts as she caressed his neck. His manhood stayed in her at the ready. 

She said, "I am in love with you. I have been relieved of assignment perhaps because of that. I am scheduled to return home on the next solar gate cycle. I want us to make love everyday until then. "

He smiled at her and said, "Don't pack yet. "

He reached into his shorts pocket and brought out a necklace with a pendant and slipped it around her neck. The pendant had the symbol of promise, it was an engagement pendant. 

"We still have many archaic laws here including one that states if you marry a citizen you become a citizen. You are about to become a citizen of this planet. You may leave when you want but I hope it's never. "

"It will ruin you career. "

"Maybe, it does not matter. I prefer you as my wife over my career anyway. "

"You have not asked me to marry you. "

"I love you, Marry me please. "

"Yes. "

They kissed and made love for a long time before getting in their crafts and returning to the dock. She had resumed Kindred form and dressed. 

As they approached the clubhouse he asked, "Baby, could you please hide the tail but revert to normal? I want the world to see who I'm in love with. "

She pulled her pendant out of her shirt for all to see and just held her tail inside her shorts but everyone saw the leading candidate for World Leader walking hand in hand with his fiancee, a Devl. 

Except for the waters surrounding the nature park there were cameras everywhere and more so in the clubhouse. That was where the entertainment media had dozens of cameras. 

There were nearly fifty reporters waiting for them when they returned to the city. He chose a talented young lady he knew was a Devl and asked her to follow them inside and bring a camera person. She did and they soon settled in their once and future living room. 

The reporter had a difficult time starting until Inxs asked her to revert, she would think better in her true form. The girl hesitated but eventually did. 

The cameraperson took off her soft cloak and gently rose into the air, she had gossamer wings from her shoulders to her feet. 

"Ah, a Sprite. Welcome," Goran said. 

"Let me go ahead and start. I am and have been in love with her for many months. After she showed me her true form I was upset. I had forgotten she had told me what she was before. Like an idiot I sulked until I realized that she was the same intelligent, funny, beautiful person I had fallen in love with. Today I begged for her forgiveness and asked her to marry me. She said yes to both. Any questions?"

The reporter asked, "Do you see her as beautiful now?"

"Yes, and I see you and the Sprite as beautiful too as will all of the Kindred. We understand you feel that you need to hide your true form but both of you are gorgeous and the Kindred will soon see that. "

"When is the wedding?"

"As soon as Mom can put it together. "

"Ma'am, what is your job now?"

She had obviously heard she had been fired. 

"I am currently unemployed but I am assuming the job of advisor for the candidate right after the wedding. "

The ladies laughed, their audience would immediately recognize those laughs as non-Kindred. 

"You will become a citizen of Kindred Planet then. What does your Mom think about it?"

"Well until a few seconds ago she did not know. After someone gets her off the floor she will think about it and ask me if I'm sure I love him. The third time I answer yes she will congratulate me and ask me to bring him home for some xanthipodus. "

The girls laughed and Goran though, "What a joyous sound laughter is in any species. "

The reporter asked, "Can I come with you?"

He said, "Hopefully our first trip will be newsworthy to someone. If it is then the two of you are invited to cover our trip. "The reporter forgot herself and ran over to kiss them. The Sprite put her camera on hover and kissed them. 

The two were fired as soon as they did that, objective reporters did not kiss the people they were suppose to interview while broadcasting. 

Goron asked the Sprite to keep her camera on hover and invited the ladies for dinner. Inxs' tail was out by then but Goron didn't mind. 

The camera followed them through his kitchen as they threw together a dish that they hoped all three species would love. It became a cooking show with lots of laughter in which each claimed they would never eat that then did

. By the time their news guests left there were just three reporters left outside. One of the reporters revealed himself to be a Sprite and asked his counterpart out on a date with another "soon to be unemployed reporter. "

"I thought you would never ask. Yes. "

They floated away together. 

One female Kindred reporter kissed the Devl reporter on the cheek and left. 

The other Kindred stared at the Devl. They had dated but she wanted her job too much and nothing happened between them. He had never seen her in true form. 

"You are so beautiful," he whispered. 

Her eyes widened and she rushed to him and gave him a passionate kiss. They walked away hand in hand. 

"I wonder how many such mixed romances exist," Goron asked his fiancée as they watched from his balcony. 

"One percent of the total population, Devl-Kindred accounting for half of those. That means a bit over half a million Devl are citizens of this planet," she said. 

"I was kind of hoping we would be the first. "

"The first Devl-Kindred marriage happened before we were born. "

"Want to watch the reactions to the news?"

"No, I want us to go to bed and make love all night. Kindred male are renown for their recuperative powers, I intend to find out how much of that is true. "

"You already know that. "

"Yes but I was just some chick then, now I am your fiancée. "

He lost the election of course but by much less than expected. Some of the pundits said had the election happened a year later he would have won. The reaction to their engagement had been mostly confusion. The arguments over his sanity was mostly gentle and good-natured. All had enjoyed the banter of the cooking segment of the interview. Many admitted Inxs was beautiful. A few joked she was too pretty for him. 

Slowly the Kindred began to look to the aliens as people and not as, well, aliens. 

The newly elected World Leader was a kind, older Kindred named Mol. He had applauded the marriage of his closest adversary and had attended their wedding before the election. 

Mol told Goron that the only real difference between them was their age. 

Devl women had the innate ability to be able to tell when someone was not telling the truth. She told Goron the new Leader was telling him the truth. He already knew Mol was a good being. 

Goron graciously ceded the race well before he needed to and said, "He was my second choice," with a true smile. 

Falling in love with a Devl had changed Goron's opinion of all life forms. He was more relaxed, happier. 

Amazingly it made him more secure, proud to be Kindred. He now accepted the behavior of all up to when they hurt others for being different. 

Kindred history had many example of such barbarism in its past. 

He was appointed Foreign Minister. His first trip was to the planet Hahdes, but it was not a diplomatic trip. He went to meet his in-laws. 

Everything his mother-in-law put in front of him during dinner he ate. He had to stop before he finished for just two. One became too spicy for him after the fifth bite. The other was the xanthipodus. The fermented creature was just too powerful for him. 

Her family admitted it was an acquired taste. 

Their reporter, Anxi, and cameraperson Flit, did come with them. A producer in Kindred had commissioned a weekly documentary on the trip. Both had brought their husbands and parents to the dinner with them. A camera was hovering over Inxs mom's kitchen. 

Anxi's husband seemed to like the xanthipodus and ate all that was served to him. His mother in law drowned him in kisses. 

His father in law asked him to talk to his company's staff and try to get them to see why their products were not in demand in Kindred. He soon hired him permanently and he and Anxi did not return to Kindred for several cycles. 

The Kindred saw that there was a strange couple among the guests, tall and golden Dorans. The couple was Inxs Mom's, Xani, best friends. 

Her husband, Inxs father, had died in a malfunctioning ship as it sank through a wormhole five cycles before. The Doran male had been on the same ship and had kept him alive until they got out of the field but her father had died three days later. 

There had been nearly five hundred beings in the ship. Only the forty-two Devl were affected. Half died. 

An investigation found no foul play. Wormholes wiggle and that one had drifted very close to a blue giant star. Enough radiation had seeped into the ship to affect the Devl, natives of a red giant system. 

The Doran had crusaded for extra shielding on ships and no more incidents had occurred. The Doran was a hero to Hahdes. 

Hahdes had been in the federation more than a thousand years and had large populations of beings from its five members. Goron made a point to visit with each group and get to know them. 

The people of Kindred saw how quickly Goron was befriended and trusted and were fascinated by their glimpse of aliens they had heard about but had never seen. 

Coverage of their trip became the most widely viewed show ever on Kindred. 

When he and his wife returned home he visited with the Leader and his council and told them everything he had learned of the other beings. 

Mol had never married. Rumors of a lost love had become entrenched in his background data. He confessed to Goron and Inxs that the rumors were true. She was a Devl and left him to protect his career. 

Inxs said to him, "She has married. "

He softly cried for a moment then said, "I wish her only happiness. "

Inxs kissed him and whispered, "Mom is available. "

He laughed and softly slapped her butt. "Behave," he said with a smile. 

By Mol's third year in office Inxs had mostly assumed the role of daughter and first lady to him. Goron had become his most trusted advisor and was his defacto son. 

Four years into his term in office Kindred Leader Mol invited the Federation to send a delegation from each planet to visit the Kindred, not for official business or diplomatic chores but to join the party on their celebration of the planet's hundred years of unification. It would be his final year in office. 

The Leader appointed Inxs to form the committee in charge of the celebrations, which would span half a solar cycle. 

Inxs decided to dedicate one month of the festivities to each member of the Federation. She was gratified when all of her committee members began researching with fervor the likes and dislikes of the species coming to their planet. 

The worlds made note of that and thousands came to party and eat. All were very happy to have visited and all learned a lot about each other. Kindred Planet became a tourist attraction after the festivities were over. The planet had more natural areas left than any other Federation planet. 

The Leader and his Council praised Inxs for making the celebration a success. Then to her great surprise and the surprise of the entire planet she was awarded The Gold Leaf, the most prestigious award given to Kindred. 

She was Devl. 

The award brought on planetary debate that was settled when in Mol's most impassioned speech he reminded everyone she was a citizen. 

Then added, "She also most definitely deserved it. No one in history had made Kindred prouder to be Kindred and we would have given her the award even if she was not a citizen. "

It took Inxs a long time to get used to seeing everyone bow to her when she was out in public. 

World Leaders were prohibited from endorsing a candidate as their successor but all planets knew his choice. 

Goron was elected World Leader by the largest margin of victory in the hundred years of elections. All members of the Federation sent ambassadors to his inauguration. 

Goron's marriage had changed the Galactic Federation's image of the Kindred. Their Centennial celebration had been impressively carried out. A non-Kindred had been awarded the planets greatest honor. They had elected the right man as Leader. 

Kindred was soon invited to join the Federation. The Kindred nearly unanimously accepted the invitation. 

Goron appointed his predecessor Mol as his planets first ambassador to The Federation. 

More aliens stopped hiding their true form, and the Kindred were surprised to see so many Non-Kindred among them. Thousands of marriage proposals were repeated to beings that had rejected them before they assumed true form. Almost all of them were accepted. 

Many quoted Goron by saying that regardless of species they were the same being they had fallen in love with. 

Zonians gave the planet a chuckle. Most of the several thousand on the planet oversaw the care of the wild areas and preserves. All were large impressive women. In one day at noon nearly all registered their marriage, to other women. Most of the marriages were to other Zonian women but many were to Kindred, Sprite and Devl females. A few married males, all of them Kindred. 

No one registered a complaint. 

The Kindred had indeed changed. The species that did not shape shift began to flock to Kindred. Everyone stared at them but with a friendly smile. Many asked if they needed assistance. 

Mol's first off planet function was dinner at Inxs' house with her mother. He married her mother three cycles later and both happily blamed Inxs for the mess they were in. 

Inxs became the most popular and admired first lady in memory. She was the most popular and admired woman in Kindred and in Hahdes,

Still it came as a shock when she was nominated to the post of Leader when Goron's term ended. 

The planet smiled. No one thought she would win, not even her. 

She did.