 Two
A teaching moment

Morning came and I was up and awake in the grey dawn laying the fire for the morning's porridge. It was strange walking around in the thick mist that was rolling down from the mountains above us; the silence was eerie as the slightest sound sounded overloud.

My thoughts were of Miriamni and last night. Being seduced by a woman was a strange thing; my knob twitched with the thought of it and the promise of more tonight. I got the fire started and squatted in front of it, warming myself in the damp morning air.

The coftea was ready and the water was simmering for the porridge. I was thinking of calling the others but I was still lay back warming my feet when Rash and Miriamni climbed down from the wagon, saving me the trouble.

"You can make the porridge now," Miriamni said as she seated herself and reached for the coftea pot. "We need to be on the road as quick as we can."

I shook my head at her assumptions and started on making the porridge. I was thinking of the going on the track when seeing ten feet was difficult. We wouldn't make much progress till it lifted.

Rash was standing, stretching as she rolled her head round looking about in the mist. Her hair was still tousled and the coat open, showing a white vest under it, where I had expected breasts there seemed only the slightest of mounds.

I sat and stirred the porridge, watching its consistency as it thickened. I'd put three times my single serving, but the water was hard to judge in the large pan and I'd erred on the side of caution. The porridge was thick and bubbling, cooked enough to eat; I rescued it from the hearth and began to fill the bowls.

"I've got cinnamon and syrup here," I announced, taking a pinch of spice and proffering the small sack around.

"I'll have some," said Rash, straightening and looking over at me from her perch on the stone.

I sprinkled some on hers and looked at Miriamni, she nodded and I obliged.

They all had the syrup as well and we ate in silence with the gloomy grey mist still enshrouding us. 

We'd got another two rounds of this to come, two nights of sleeping out in the open then I would get free at the border. I'd hoped that tonight would see us over the next ridge close to the border to give us time to make it down to some inn and resume my identity.

I scraped the last from the bowl and set it down. The two cups of coftea having refilled my bladder, my next pressing matter was to relieve myself again.

"If you ladies will excuse me again I must visit the bushes," I said standing.

I walked but ten yards and the mist swallowed them. I walked up to the nearest bush and pulled on the cord to loosen my cloth and heard the footsteps behind me. Turning and looking as I let my waters flow Miriamni's ghostly form emerged to walk up beside me and cover my hand with hers as I held my knob.

"Take good care of it," she whispered in my ear, wrapping her other arm around my dangling one and grasping that hand as it held the corners of the cloth up.

I shook the drips and released it, reaching my hand down for the string behind me, taking her hand with it. She released me and stood back as I pulled my loincloth into shape, adjusting the flap at the front and giving myself play in the crotch.

"Are we going on in this?" I said as I faced her.

"We have to...." she started to say as she half tripped on something, I jumped to help as she staggered, catching her by the waist as she recovered.

"Thanks," she gushed, standing a moment to catch her breath.

"You're welcome," I replied. "Look I don't know your story and I'm not asking for it. I want your assurance that you'll free me. Your horse is well enough to continue with a new set of shoes, or even only the one if you're that rushed. With luck we'll reach the Lucky Venture mine and the settlement around it by midday."

"The horse could be shoed there while we stop for lunch," I continued. "And still be up through the pass to the way station by night."

"You said 'ladies' earlier. You know about Rasyondi?" she asked back.

"Yes, is that her name?"

"Do you know it?" she asked stopping.

"I know one of that name from the town near me but I know nothing of yours, she is young to be on a venture such as this."

"She has had eighteen summers and is of age. She chose independence instead of a bad marriage and left before she was thrown out," she explained more. 

Her tale had a feel of some courage to abandon all, it left me wondering who could be so bad it could be worth this. I stayed silent as we approached the fire, thinking over what she'd told me. Rash passed pretty well at first glance, she could stay inside while I drove with Miriamni at my side.

We'd make an odd couple but the memory of anyone we encountered would not include a young person as a clue. Now if only this mist would lift or thin, it was still a bit chilly to go without my blanket.

I sat back down at the fire to a reflective Rash, sitting close to the fire and leaning back on the rock. She stirred and sat back up as we got there.

"There's fresh coftea in the pot," she sighed, clutching her own cup.

"Thanks," I said as I reached for the glove to take it from the side of the fire.

"Where's your cup?" I asked Miriamni as she settled herself.

She pointed to it on the ground and I bent and retrieved it, pouring for the two of us.

"When can we get started?" Rash asked.

"As soon as this thins enough to see the road," Miriamni replied, waving a hand in the air.

"We can go at a slow walk," I said. "I can walk if you give me my boots back, I could lead the horses to give us some progress till it breaks."

Miriamni nodded and rose. "Let's get things started then."

I rose and turned to the front of the caravan, taking a horse to hitch it to the shaft. Miriamni joined me with the second and we harnessed them up. She followed me to the donkey and helped me load that.

"What's that?" she asked, lifting one of the waxed canvas packs of my father's Janaweed.

"It's for my father to relax with, help him sleep at night in his old age," I replied.

She was sniffing at it and prising a corner open.

"To relax him," she quoted back at me, looking at me quizzically.

She pushed two fingers in and retrieved a leaf, bringing it to her nose to sample.

"This is aravig, how does he use it?"

"Its ground to a powder and added to hot water to cool, then he adds a sweet wine and drinks it as a nightcap some nights."

She laughed. "I should soak some and let you see what they really are." She said jokingly, stuffing the pack back into the pannier.

"What else have you got tucked away in here?" she asked, leaning on the pack as I went to collect my roll.

"Just some spices and things for the kitchen," I said over my shoulder as I stooped to wrap my mat.

My sword was something I wished they'd left handy but I doubted they'd return it.

"You going to give me my boots?" I asked as I secured my roll.

"Yes," she said. "I'll get them for you while you put your saddle on our horse."

As soon as I had my boots on I was out on the track. It might have been a trick of the eye but it looked to be beginning to thin already; there was less of a wind driving it.

I walked for half an hour before it thinned enough to drive through with another half before the sun finally broke through on me and Miriamni riding on the box. 

"What do you hope to do?" I asked after a while.

"Just get away for the moment," she replied, "Potiau's an unknown."

She was being a bit tight lipped to my casual enquiry, still Potiau was a strange place with its own structured society, and princesses didn't fit in without a king. The wizards ruled it. The old king some long generations ago died without issue and his succession had become a civil war, so the wizards intervened between two warring factions and ruled peacefully after the wars.

"If you've got the money," I started, not thinking it a sensitive matter. "You could go down to Rimbals and take a boat to Alsp and go anywhere from there."

"Aye maybe," she conceded.

I gave up and leaned back against the warming wooden wall behind me, rocking gently as we followed the track in the warm sunshine, the mountains curving away as we drove across the wooded plain. About mid morn we spied horsemen approaching up the track towards us.

As they came nearer I could see they had a wagon, like a freight wagon from the glimpses over the bobbing heads of the riders in front.

"Best move off and give them right of way," I suggested.

The riders were uniformed and I supposed them security for whatever load they accompanied. One of their number came over to us as they passed.

"Who might you be?" he asked. "And what be your business on this road?"

"We travel to Potiau," Miriamni replied, slackening the reins in her hand.

"Your slave will welcome it, they're not permitted there," he observed.

"That is part of the bargain," she replied.

"Don't stay to long in town," he warned us.

"Long enough to get the horse shoed?" she retorted.

"Make sure you're gone by nightfall." He said as he turned his horse to rejoin the procession past us, linking with the riders bringing up the rear.

They passed by and Miriamni drove the wagon back onto the track, heading once more toward the village and the pass that lay beyond. 

I craned my neck looking as we drove the road through the village. There, at nearly the end was what I sought, the blacksmith. As we pulled up I jumped down and walked to the back where their horse was strung, along with my donkey

I had to let Miriamni do the negotiating, as I wasn't dressed for the part. Nor was I dressed for the inn; while Miriamni and Rash ate inside I was forced to eat at the backdoor of the kitchen, stuck out with the bathing cubicles.

As it was I finished first and was back on the box of the caravan waiting for them.

"Was your food okay?" Miriamni asked as she mounted the steps. Rash walked on and I heard her mount the backsteps.

"Yes, they stuck me out back, warm enough with all that bathtub water heating out there," I replied.

"Bath tubs!" Rash exclaimed, poking her head through the top door behind us.

"They've got cubicles behind," I confirmed. "They've even got a sauna by the looks as well."

"Miri have we got time for me to get a bath?" Rash asked breathlessly.

Miriamni looked at me. We had maybe half an hour till the horse would be collectable at the smithy, but we had paid already so perhaps a little delay wouldn't matter to him. The other concern was the time we had left to cross to the way station; judging by the line of the ridge it was a good six hours distant, and the position of the sun left us seven hours till dusk.

"We'll be cutting it fine," I commented.

Rash gave me a scowl and Miriamni glanced back to Rash.

"Okay but you'll have to be quick, no lazing in it," she announced.

Rash squealed her delight, turning and disappearing back inside. Miriamni shrugged her shoulders at me.

"Help me carry it!" Rash shouted from inside.

I shrugged my shoulders back at her and jumped down, heading around the back to see what Rash wanted. She stood there a little bag of toiletries and two large towels.

"You carry these around the back and I'll go and pay the landlord," she said, thrusting the stuff at me.

I strolled back around and waited, Rash and a harassed looking landlord appeared at the back door.

"Here they are, you can take your pick," he said waving his hand expansively at the four cubicles lining the back wall. "But I've no help to give you, you'll have to get your slave here to fill it and rinse you."

His words jarred me alert. He was expecting me to help. I'd be ok with filling the water, but Rash would be panicking about my being inside with her.

Rash's face was contorted as she fumbled for an answer.

"Okay." She agreed.

Even now my cock was twitching at the thought of Rash's enigmatic body. Things were going to get awkward. I wondered how she would deal with it, with an amusing flash of her blindfolding me. She looked at me then over at the cubicles, selecting one and started to walk towards it.

"This one will do," she said, peering around the door then opening it wide.

I followed her through and stopped on the threshold.

"Rasyondi, did Miriamni tell you that I'd figured out you were a girl?" I asked quietly.

She turned to me. "You know. For how long?"

"Since yesterday."

"Well I'm going to have a bath. I can't keep sending you outside, that might look suspicious, so you're going to stand over in that corner over there. Now go fetch the water."

I laboured over a quarter hour with slopping buckets, my bare feet slippery on the wet cobbles.

"Okay, that looks enough. Close the door and go stand in the corner," She ordered.

"We are two buckets short yet," I argued. "We need fresh water for rinsing."

"Oh, well hurry up and fetch those before this water goes any colder," she retorted.

I fetched the two spare pails and shut the door. Rash was sitting barefooted on the side of the tub. I walked around the other side of her and placed the buckets down and took my position behind the winged back. I leant forward on my hands, alternately raising each leg to ease my feet on the wrinkled wooden floor.

I heard her splash into the water and give a contented sigh, then quiet as she laid herself onto the winged back.

I "Herm hummed." 

"What?" she answered sharply.

"Are you going to wash?" I answered back.

"Are you nanny Miri now?" 

"If I have to be. We need to get back on the road." I reminded her.

"Where's the ladle then?" she asked.

"In the bucket." I answered back wearily.

All went quiet then I could hear the splashing as she ladled the water over herself.

I breathed a silent 'good'. If she only knew how jealous I was of her in that bath. I felt dirty and smelly, my legs coloured with the dirt and dust I'd walked through and under my arms was yucky. If it had have been Miriamni I'd have been in there with her.

I waited with patience, thinking of life back home. There would be concern that I was a day late; I knew that tomorrow first thing one of the good horses would be sent with the groom to meet me. Perversely, I wondered how much Webberli would miss me. I expected that she might stay with the family for a day or two but then there'd be the village and the boys.

"You're not peeking?" she asked as I heard her splashing out of the bath.

I didn't bother answering; shuffling my feet again I straightened myself up, bringing my arms back to my side. Listening to the soft sounds of the towel as she rubbed herself dry, then the rustle and scrape of her clothes as she dressed.

"Hey!" she said loudly to attract my attention.

I half turned "Huh?"

"Come and help me with the bandage," she said, insistence underlying her voice.

I turned fully round and saw her in a vest and holding out a long woollen scarf.

"Well don't stand there stupid gawping at me, come and help." She snapped.

I walked the two steps forward and took the scarf from her and she held up her arms. The tightened vest outlined her pert breasts, their centres marked by the small bumps of her nipples. I took the end of the scarf and placed it over them.

"No," she exclaimed. "You have to start lower."

She lowered her arms, growing her breasts larger almost to peach size, and wound it just under taking a third of the mounds, holding it and waiting for me to take it and finish. I leant in close and took it behind her back, twisting slightly and brushing against her erect nipple as I pinned the end.

I brought it round for the second turn across the top of her breasts this time leaving her nipples poking out the centre strip; I looked at them under the thin vest, their dark orbs highlighted under the tight material.

My cock was hard and pulling on the string as it tented the flap in front. I'd ducked around behind her as I took the third turn around, letting her bring her arms down and adjust it before I tightened it off.

She put the shirt and coat on and jammed her hat down over her still damp hair and turned to find me leaning over the bath.

"What are you doing?"

"Cleaning the bath behind us," I explained, "Leave it as we find it, ready to use again."

"Mm," she pondered a second and turned to the door. "Well don't be long; we've got a long day yet."

As soon as she let the door go I was standing in the lukewarm water sluicing it over my legs, I stood out again and took the soap and had a quick swill around my chest and underarms before drying myself on the towels she left for me to collect.

Rash was at the backdoor as I came around to the front.

"Miriamni has got the horse," she shouted the obvious, waving at it.

She ducked back shouting "We can go now," then more quietly to me, "Make sure the door's shut."

The wagon gave a jolt as we started, giving me the excuse to sit on the bed opposite her.

"You'd better get that cap off and your hair seen to before it dries," I told her, throwing her the driest of the towels.

"Then you'd best comb it for me," she replied pulling her hat free and letting the damp straggles hang down.

She rummaged in a bag and threw me a hairbrush. "Here. Now come sit behind me and be gentle."

Despite myself I smiled at the idea of ripping her tangles out, and moved carefully around the trunks in the aisle to climb behind her, wrapping my legs under me as I settled with my knees pressing her hips. My knob was twitching again, uncurling in the pouch of the loincloth.

I started at her crown, rising up to see. Gently I teased the tangle out, running my fingers through her damp hair as I brushed it, drawing the tangles to the bottom. 

Out of the blue she asked. "Were you having sex with Miri last night? Frigging her?"

"Yes," I answered candidly, more surprised by her forthright choice of words than the fact she brought it up. "I saw you spying as well."

"That doesn't matter," she retorted. "I want to know more about it, I didn't see the beginning so I want you to tell me."

"Why," I asked, letting my hand drop to her shoulders to gently massage them with my thumbs.

"Because sex is a man lying on a woman," she answered. "That's what I've been told, that fat slob laying on me in our marriage bed. Yet she was riding on top of you till she was satisfied."

"Miriamni was teaching me, that's the first time that way for me." I said, lifting my hands to resume brushing her tangles. "She was teaching me how to please a woman."

"Teaching you?" she asked. "That's what the 'Oh's' and 'Ah's' were about. She had your knob in her when she sat in your lap; she was in control and telling you what to do."

"Yes, but there was more to it than that. What you must have missed was me licking her cunny first to excite her. She had me lay down and squatted over me, she had me lick and suck till her juices were flooding out. That was when she swapped to frigg me and you saw us." I answered, wishing she'd drop the subject or get more details from Miri.

"What was it like? What did it taste like?" she asked

"What was it like," I repeated. "The taste and aroma was exciting. It was so soft on my tongue except for her hard nub."

My knob was getting interested in my memories, thickening in sympathy to my erotic reliving of last night's acts. I was still idly brushing her hair now, back sitting on my heels as I brushed the ends over my fingers, encouraging it to dry.

"So, frigging and making babies can be riding him like a horse, just sitting astride him? And it still gives you pleasure?"

"Yes."

"And what's the pleasure like?" she probed further.

"That's indescribable," I answered. "A tingling through the body, surges of pleasure. Honestly, it's hard to say."
