 Six
A first time with seconds

"Come on," she said enthusiastically. "You can finish the Massage now."

I watched her as she stood and let the towel drop, walking to the bed with a gleam in her eye. She reached out to me as I rolled and swung my legs out over the edge, pulling me up and leaning in for a kiss.

I put my arms around her, holding her tight in the kiss as I stood and scooped her up to lay her on the bed, pausing a second to admire her magnificence before straightening and climbing on alongside her.

She turned over to give me her back, drawing her knees up and resting on her elbows letting her back dip. I positioned myself between her feet, kneeling erect as I laid my hands to her spine once more. I started slowly, rippling her flesh with my thumbs as they traced up it.

"Mm, that's nice," She murmured.

Nice it was. My knob was lazily growing, responding to my desires for the body under my hands. The silky feel of her skin as my hands slipped sensuously over it, squeezing and moulding it.

"Do my shoulders as well," she asked, pushing up on her hands.

I stretched forwards as my hands slid up, she opened her legs and my knob slipped down between them, before I knew it I felt my bell end penetrating her. I jerked thrusting it in further at the sensation of her tight hunny hole clamping me.

She shivered with surprise and delight, a little squeal escaping her. She pushed back onto me.

"Let it stay in there," she complained as I started to withdraw. "Let me just feel it fill me for a moment longer."

I slid my hands around her reaching for her breasts and cupping them as my fingers and thumbs took her nipples. She pressed back into me wriggling to let me enter deeper as her nipples grew in my fingers, hardening to little pebbles.

She started moaning, splaying her legs further as she pushed in harder to take the last inch, I twisted my head around and nibbled on her ear, licking it and running my tongue round the inside, bending further to kiss down her neck then over her chin as she turned her head to me.

My fingers pulled and twisted her nipples as my knob throbbed deep inside her, she was pressed against me, her back moulded to me as she purred with pleasure. I felt her fingertips stroke the bottom of my shaft as she rubbed and played with herself, her hand squeezed between her legs.

I twisted my head to the other side, nibbling on that ear, licking the lobe. 

"Happy?" I whispered.

She brought her free hand up to clasp my neck. "Mm...," she sighed.

"D'ya wana sixty nine?" I whispered again, pinching her nipples.

Her "Mm," this time had a whine, "Staying like this is nice."

"But I want to eat you all up," I said encouragingly. 

"In a minute then, I'm still enjoying the feel of my first knob."

I gave a little laugh, kissing her on the neck as my fingers fondled her nipples. She wriggled on my shaft.

"Do you really want to lick me?" she asked provocatively.

"And have you lick me," I softly replied.

She pushed up, pulling her knees up as I rose with her. I held her, my hands cupping her breasts, nipples centred in my palm. I let her slip through my hands as she stood, my knob slipping out to stand erect and shiny with her juices.

"Lay down then," she instructed. "I'm on top."

I swivelled around, stretching out and lying on my back as she positioned herself above me, her legs seemingly stretching to heaven, the globes of her tush dipping into the shadows of her groin, a goddess poised to go down on me.

I reached up as she squatted, holding her waist as she shuffled and settled, guided by my extended tongue. She was already so wet, I licked around mopping it up, chasing over the wrinkly bits when I felt her hand encircle my shaft and the wet tip of her tongue tickle my slit.

My hips shivered and my knob twitched, bumping her upper lip.

"Mm," she mumbled as her lips clamped on it and she sucked it in slowly.

I gasped again as the fire lit in it as she swilled her tongue around it, feeling a longing to make love to Rash forever. To prolong this sexual union to the end of time holding the most beautiful girl in the world, it felt so special. This time would be a first she'd remember forever, my first had been a fumbling adventure in a hay loft, hers would be likewise magical.

I licked at the rim of her hunny hole, spreading it open as my tongue circled it, my chin nestling in her pubes. I flicked my tongue up and down gathering more of her juices, slipping and sliding in and out of the little crevices, rolling my head to sweep from tip to tip of her crinkly lobes.

I needed to cum, I wanted to frig her so much but I needed to empty my balls first, I could let her bring it back while I continued to pleasure her, then I could have my way with her. The delirium of arousal and imagination flooding me with a satisfied glow.

I licked on, pulling slightly to move her the half inch that brought her clit into play, and turned my focus to that. I craned my neck and pressed my lips to hers, pushing the hood down and fluttering my tongue over it, feeling the shiver that went through her.

My hips juddered, my shaft sending out waves of pleasure that was hastening my climax, growing the near bursting ball in my groin. Her head dipped as my hips jerked and I shot my first load, my hips thrusting up as I groaned and gripped hers, digging my finger in.

She sent me into an ecstasy of pain and pleasure, sucking and licking my super sensitive slit to gather the last drops. As I got my breath back I sank my head back in focusing on her clit again, pressing down on it and waggling my tongue.

She wiggled appreciatively, her hand giving an involuntary clench around my near flaccid knob, stirring some interest in it. I began to butterfly my tongue tip across it, flitting in a cross over down over it as I upped the pleasure for her.

She waggled my knob about, her hot breath puffing over me as she licked the underside of my deflated shaft, rekindling the fire in it. I needed to get her to her own peak, once she'd had it, my way to goal was open.

I redoubled my attention to her clit, pressing my lips in and suckling on it, kneading it gently. Her hips jerked, thrusting into my face, her pubic bone grinding into my chin. My hands gripped tighter as she bucked, a breathless scream tearing at her throat, her hand squeezing on my hardening knob.

I lay back my jaw aching from before, feeling my knob twitch again in her hand, ready to take the final step when she recovered.

"Rash?" I said softly as her breathing slowed.

"Mm," she said dreamily.

"Roll over, there's more to come."

"I want to ride on top, like Miriamni does," she said, a broad anticipatory grin on her face as she looked at me over her shoulder.

I lay where I was, watching as she got to her knees and swivelled around, throwing her leg over me. Settling on my stomach and pushing herself down, her slick cunny sliding down my now rampant shaft, then rising to squat back down and let the head find its own way.

She let herself sink slowly, savouring every inch as it entered her, her knees brushing my hips as she settled. The pleasure of her silky hunny hole squeezing its way down was exquisite, making it feel so tight inside her.

The look on Rash's face was funny, her eyes screwed up and her mouth open making an 'O' of her lips. I wondered what she felt like, a fat knob buried up to its hilt and about to have her first frig, I was certainly in dreamland with my gorgeous Rash astride me. 

She leant forwards, her hands on my ribcage as she began to bob, slowly rocking from her knees as her face relaxed into a picture of joy.

"I've been wanting this for days now," she said her eyes flipping up at me, an ear to ear grin decorating her face. I'd wanted it as well; I felt I could die happy now.

She was going faster, her juices coating my slick shaft as she bounced down to its root. Despite my recent exertions my knob felt hard enough to last forever, the pleasure surging though it. I laid back and settled to enjoy it, watching her small breasts bounce and jiggle as she pounded down.

Her stroke changed, her knees rose as she bounced on her toes, small cries escaping her lips, her body shuddering mid stroke as she collapsed on me, her head thrown back and a loud gargled shriek erupting from her lips.

I could feel the waves of contraction spread shivers through her, gripping and running up my knob giving me a secondhand share of her thrill. I let her raggedy breath slow, her head drooped on my chest creating a pool of warmth, wondering if my hard shaft still buried in her would encourage her to go again.

She stirred and pushed herself up, giving me a big smile. She closed her eyes and began slowly, leaning into me with her breasts jiggling. I reached out and took her nipples, cupping my hand to the sides and twirling them with my finger and thumb.

Her face relaxed as she opened her eyes and smiled at me, performing a slight shake of her head as she bared her teeth to me. I looked at her as she bobbed, my hands pressed to hold firm as I played with her nipples.

Making love was making me want her more; she was like no other girl I'd known. Her breasts felt warm and soft, squished under my palms, her nipples hard as I squeezed and stroked them. Her mouth was lolling open as she gasped, perspiration beginning to glint on her forehead.

My knob felt electric, gliding through her slick tunnel as she pumped on it, the waves of pleasure flooding through me. My head jerked back with a groan as my breath puffed out, my seed spurting deep inside her as my hips jerked.

I sagged back down as she flopped forward onto me, both of us caught in the warm fuzzy afterglow.

"That was wonderful," she said though her slowing gasps of breath. "Why did no one tell me sex was this nice."

"Only with the right man," I said, my chest still heaving.

She rolled off me, turning to lie next to me and cuddle up in my arms, her legs folded over mine. I lay quietly with her, feeling the joy in holding her snuggled to me, feeling her breathing slow as she drifted into the arms of sleep.

I nuzzled my head to hers, wondering when the strange twist of fate that had thrown us together would unravel, send us on our separate ways. I wasn't complaining, fate took you where it willed, I would be a nobody in the society she wanted to join, she told me herself she'd pick a husband there.

I thought also of my clothes, still down in my pack, I should get them and air them out before morning, something I should have done while Miriamni was doing her hair. I eased myself out of her arms, inching backwards, my arm slipping from beneath her.

I dressed in my underpants and trousers, tip toeing to the door with my boots in my hand, not wanting to wake sleeping beauty, turning as I quietly close the door I see Miriamni sitting in the easy chair before the now lit fire, still wrapped in towels from her bath.

"Miriamni are you still up?" I asked quietly.

"I'm still waiting for them to come and fetch the tub," she told me.

"Ah," I acknowledged, glancing as I passed to see the tub only had dregs of water left in it, they must have emptied it while we made love. I sat on the arm of the chair and wrestled my boots on

I crept down the now more familiar corridors, finding an acolyte sitting dozing in the hall.

"Ah hum," I said with a little cough.

He stirred and looked at me.

"I need to retrieve something from my pack, "I explained." Do you know where it is?"

"It's probably in the stables, 'round the side of the house." He told me standing. "If you wait a bit I'll get a runner to take you."

I waited while he pulled on a silent bell chain, its bell no doubt ringing in the quiet depths of the house. Within the minute an acolyte appeared from around the stairs.

"Can you help our guest find his pack?" he asked as he drew near. "It's probably with the donkey in the stable."

"Yes of course," he replied, turning to me.

"If you'll follow me," he added, reaching for the door handle and tugging it open.

We walked around the side of the house, me admiring the pinwheel as we rounded the corner, bright and sharp in the sky above. We found my clothes and I thanked him as he walked me back to the door, insisting once inside that I was familiar with the way to my room and needed no further help thank you.

When I got back Miriamni had gone to bed, leaving a single candle and the glow of the dying fire to light my way as I laid my clothes out after giving them a good shaking. I sat and took my boots and clothes off before blowing the candle out and walking to the bedroom door and the sleeping Rash in the ruddy glow of the remaining flames.

I crept to the bed laying my clothes at the bottom and eased myself carefully back on, sliding in to spoon her back and let my fingers nestle as I sank into a satisfied sleep. I awoke with a full bladder, its urgent need stirring me reluctantly from the warmth and softness of Rash. I tried to ease myself off again as she stirred and lazily rolled to face me.

"Where are you off?" she asked, bringing her fingers to her fluttering eyes to brush the sleep away.

"The crapper," I replied, swinging my legs over the side. "My bladder's bursting."

"Can I hold it for you?" she asked, stirring and sitting up.

"You'll have to be quick," I replied, already on the way to the door.

She twisted herself out of bed to follow me. "Wait then."

I opened the door to the privy, the smell wafted out. Instinctively I held my breath as I plunged in. Rash got to the door behind me and baulked.

"It smells in here," she exclaimed. "Are there any poesies?"

I'd lifted the lid and was easing myself , the pee arcing into the hole and splashing down the side.

"No," I answered, expelling my breath. "You'll just have to suffer it I'm afraid."

I pinched my nose and drew breath with my mouth, hoping to minimise it but the taste lingered. I shook myself as I squeezed the last drop out, turning and passing Rash stood back from the open door.

"Go on," I urged her. "It only gets worse thinking about it."

She turned and wrinkled her nose at me. "I suppose I must," she complained, taking a deep breath before taking the plunge herself.

I strolled back over to the bed after pushing the door closed to confine the smell. Moving the pillow over and sitting with my back to the headboard tucking myself behind the drapes of the canopy. She came rushing back in.

"The bowl...." she stopped and looked around for me.

My laugh gave me away as I popped out

"Oh you," she said, walking swiftly to me, arms raised to embrace me. 

Her breasts pressed against me as she snuggled her head against my chin.

"Can we make love again?" she asked in a simpering voice.

I smiled at her request, my knob stirring at the thought. 

"Yes, but how about we try it a different way?"

"Huh," she remarked leaning away from me and looking me in the face.

"Lay down on the bed," I told her. "Legs dangling over the side."

She freed herself from my arms, turned and did as I asked, a smile of puzzlement and anticipation flickering across her face. I went and stood at her knees, taking her hips and pulling her towards me, pushing her legs wide with mine as she slid forwards.

She stiffened and panicked a little bit as I slid her tush just over the edge of the bed, she looked in askance as I dropped to my knees, my hands caressing her soft skin as I drew them to the plump mounds split wide in front of me.

I stretched them wide, watching the moist glistening skin spread and ripple then switched my thumbs over, sliding on the slick skin. I began making ovals as my thumbs slipped over the little bumps and crevices, squeezing her mounds against my fingers as I skimmed up to nearly touch her clit.

I played and teased her, rimming her hunny hole then up to massage tantalizingly close to her clit, my fingers kneading at the sides of it. She was moaning and rolling her head, hands stroking up and down her body, pulling and tweaking her nipples.

I leant in, dropping my tongue smack on her clit, pressing it flat and flowing over it as I licked my way into her curly tangle. I flicked back down and then circled it, spinning my tongue around the hard nub, my hot breath puffing over it as I got more aroused by Rash's taste and texture.

Her hips began to buck, I clamped my mouth down, sucking on it. My thumbs slipped down and I softly penetrated her with my fingers. Pushing them deep and curling my fingertips I stroked gently, rubbing in a circle, teasing the root of her clit as my tongue fluttered over its tip, trapped between my lips.

She screamed, her cunny pushing into me as her back arched. Her hips jiggled as the shudder passed through her, squeezing my finger as wave raced out and brought a groan to her lips. As she fell back I moved my hand to her hips, rising into a crouch and nuzzling my knob between her lips to tease her hunny hole with its tip.

As her breathing steadied I pushed the tip in looking at her smiling face. Watching it dissolve with the ricture of pleasure. I let it slide in slow and easy, feeling her swell to take me, filling my knob with a fuzzy pleasure.

Sinking my shaft into her had an extra tingle with it being Rash soaking up the pleasure with me, her hips clasped by my fingers, hearing her moan sigh out. I felt her pubic bone on mine as our hairs tangled, her legs splitting wider as she drew them back.

I moved my hands to her knees, grasping the back of them as I began to stroke, singing my hips to get the measure before hitting the peddle. As my rate increased she squealed, her hands grasping at the bedspread as her hips began to synchronise with mine.

I varied the stroke, short and sharp to long and languorous as she began gasping, hands torturing her breasts, squeezing and pulling in abandon. I swivelled my hands, pulling her legs to wrap them around me, then bent in forwards till her breasts were in reach, sliding my hands under hers and taking possession of the hard stubs atop the round globes.

Stretched out I could only manage short strokes, bringing me on too quick, I straightened and slowed, driving it deep as her legs twitched and squeezed me. I ran my hands along her thighs, my thumbs curling around the inside.

She screamed again, breathless and throaty, a pale imitation of her last. Her hips joined to mine as her legs gripped shudderingly tight, pulling me into her. I relaxed into the glow of sensations, the ripple of her hunny hole contracting and feeding me joy.

Her legs relaxed as she recovered, she let them drop as she pushed herself onto the bed.

"Let me suck it," she demanded, sitting up and reaching for me,

I laughed, turning to lay on the bed.

"Come on then."

She giggled as she leant forward reaching to take my still stiff shaft. I lay back and watched as she directed it into her mouth, the thrill of her soft lips gliding over it giving me shivers. She brought her tongue into play curling it around to the underside and giving it a gentle rub.

She was knelt square to me and I reached out to pull her.

"N-Not yet," she burbled past my head, wriggling around away from me.

I drew my hand back and just let it take me, her tongue working magic as she licked and sucked on it. I felt the ball building in my groin, my body trembling as my hips juddered. The pleasure exploded up, driving my seed into her waiting mouth, her lips squeezing with ecstatic pleasure on the rim as she swallowed.

I shut my eyes and luxuriated in the waves of pleasure rolling through me. Rash was still making my shaft twitch and dance as she licked it clean. Then she was lying over me, her breasts pressing into me as she snaked her hands around my neck.

"That was most wonderful, you keep getting better," she whispered in my ear, as she snuggled her head into my shoulder.
