 Seven 
A Case is put

Miriamni was already up and dressed, sitting patiently in the chair as I entered, she rose up as the door swung wide. She picked up Rash's clean clothes and gave me a strange look as she passed; leaving me to dress in the ones I'd laid out last night.

I wandered down meeting the acolyte sent to fetch us for breakfast, I let him carry on up, telling him the ladies were still in the bedroom dressing. I had a good look round with my magical sight, seeing spells new and old, especially now that I looked closely at the very faint magic of the strange symbols.

It was near ten minutes before they joined me, still being led by the acolyte. As I joined them, Rash smiling broadly at me, she came and linked arms to walk with me. I felt on cloud nine, almost stuttering my words as I asked how she was.

Breakfast was porridge and preserved fruit, soon taken as the master was already halfway through his and giving orders to a succession of robed assistants. We exited to find a waiting coach, four horses fit and prancing in the spring light.

Both Rash's chests were bound to the roof, along with my pack and my panniers.

"What's happen to our horses and thing?" I asked of one of the standing robed helpers.

"We will send those on later," he informed me. "This is much quicker."

Rash, with Miriamni's help was already boarding the coach; I hurried over to catch up, helping Miriamni to mount before climbing in myself. I was roomy inside, wide enough for six seated three aside. I looked out through the window, Rash cuddling up next to me and looking with scant interest herself.

We waited a couple of extra minutes before the master appeared, talking in earnest to another wizard with a gaudy robe. I wondered if there was a choice of colours and shapes or were they bound by rank or something.

He climbed up to join us, clutching a portfolio of letters and things.

"Well are we ready for the off?" he said taking is seat as the coach lurched forward.

We journeyed for at least an hour, the horses eating up the road, before our wordless companion knocked on the roof to call a toilet break, feeling pleased with relieving myself in clean fresh air I climbed back in and let Rash cuddle in with her legs curled under her, arm around my neck as she lay her head on my shoulder.

I half dozed as we travelled on, happy with Rash snuggled next to me, letting my mind chase fantasies as the scenery flew past. By lunchtime we'd entered the outskirts of some small town and were stopping for food and to stretch our legs.

When we reboarded the coach there was a fresh team straining in the harness, eager to be off. Rash pushed herself between my legs, pressing her back to me as she drew my arms around her, brushing the inner one deliberately over her breast to tease me.

As soon as we were rolling again I used the cover of our motion to slip my hand up and cup her inner breast, my thumb and finger tweaking her nipple to tease her back. We lay back dozing again as the miles passed under the galloping hooves, the rocking motion like a swaying babies cradle.

The sun was low in the sky when the road noise changed on the now cobbled streets of the city we were entering. I perked up, deliberately squeezing Rash's breast to alert her and tease her at the same time. 

"Wha...," she asked playfully.

"We're here," I replied letting my arms slip to her waist. "Lhamo Dondrub awaits your pleasure."

We were another fifteen minutes negotiating the sometimes narrow streets before we pulled into the drive of a mass of buildings set in wooded parkland.

"Ah the university," remarked the old wizard in the other corner leaning forwards, clutching his portfolio close to himself.

"We'll sort you out some rooms first, then see about a bite of supper or something." He said rising from his seat as the coach bounced to a stop.

We followed him in through the great door, many more spells visible here, some lodged in the oddest spots. There were also traces of the older spells, some like ghosts they were so faint.

"Wait here," he commanded, pointing to some seats lining a wall on one side. "I'll just be a minute or so getting things rolling."

It took him a good half hour before he came strolling back with yet another acolyte in tow.

"If you follow him he'll take you to your room, I'll have something sent up for you to eat," he announced. Waving us to hurry along as the young boy turned on his heel and led us away to the bottom corner and to a set of steps curling up behind a curtained doorway.

I waited for the girls to ascend, following Miriamni bustled tush as the stairs seemed to circle upwards forever. We emerged on a landing leading to a long corridor glassed panelled along one side and with three doors spaced down it.

The second door proved to be ours; it was much the same arrangement as the one we'd left behind accepting the toilet had the fresh poesies, neutralizing any other odour with their sweet smell. The decor was similar enough to suggest a bureaucratic hand in setting them up, a stylized VIP guest room.

Rash flopped into one of the chairs.

"I feel tired with all that bouncing and bumping, my tush aches," she complained, settling in and curling her legs under herself. "Miriamni can give me a massage with her healing touch before bed."

I looked at her, she was still the princess, her world revolving around her, I wondered how she would cope swimming in the big fishes pond here, she had no powerbase just a name. And then there was me, how soon would it be till I was on my way home?

I sat in one of the chairs, resting myself and wondering about the pack and my goods which had been stowed on the coach, I had only the two sets of clothes, both of which were now travel stained and in need of some tlc.

While I sat there feeling the rides effects on my own aching body was a knock at the door.

"Come in!" Rash shouted.

In came a procession of acolytes, the first delivering our luggage from the carriage, then others followed with a pail of hot water and towels, fresh robes for us and before we could settle again food, , a plate of sandwiches with an invitation to visit the kitchens once we'd freshened up.

Rash went first, stripping to her underclothes while I rummaged in my pack for my razor and things. I watched her as she splashed water over her face, rinsing it, her breasts bouncing under the thin cotton vest the nipples tracing circles.

Then it was my turn to shave and freshen up, Miriamni and Rash retired to the bedroom, leaving one of the chests open and taking a jar of cream for the healing session I supposed. When I'd finished I changed into the fresh white robe they'd given me, wrapping it round me and finding it soft and warm as I belted it up.

I sat again, letting my idle thoughts wander, there was a few privacy spells scattered around the doors but none of the old magic script. I let my mind follow the thought of my magic talents, the old wizard had intimated that it was something special; I could see his point in a place like this.

What intrigued me most were the faded spells, I could feel their specialness, the power in them shaped and crafted with skill. I though again of the spell that had vanished as I uttered it, undoing its magic, could I defeat spells by reciting them?

Before I could make my mind up to test it out, Miriamni and Rash reappeared. Rash dressed in another fancy dress that showed off her figure, making her small breasts into more than they were with clever trickery in the construct of her bust.

I sighed as I saw her, my heart melting with my delight.

"Davor, are you ready for the promised food?" she asked.

I stood as she reached out her hand and joined her, walking back the way we'd come to find ourselves in the entrance hall once more. As we walked out through the curtained door I caught the attention of one of the robed helper waiting idly by the main door.

He led us through to a still bustling kitchen where one of the cooks served us with a hot meal of stew filled with tender morsels of a gamey meat. I ate mine with relish, watching Rash daintily eat hers, a little spoonful at a time.

I wiped the final drops from the bowl and gobbled that down, feeling fuller than I had in days, lying back sasated in the chair when I'd finished, feeling bloated enough to need a lie down. Miriamni finished after me and we both sat there a while waiting for Rash.

While we were waiting one of the kitchen helpers brought us a tray with a coffee pot and cups and took our empty bowls.

"That's the first half decent meal I've had since I left the palace," she declared, pushing her bowl away.

I chuckled at her imperious manner, the meal had been as good if not better than any our cook had made, she was too used to the good life and getting her own way. It was the one thing I could fault in her.

We finished our coffee, Rash commenting on how everything was much better in the palace kitchens, no one here curtsied to her or addressed her by her title. I almost laughed out loud at that, what with both me and Miriamni using the familial Rash when talking to her.

Still, she was trying to reassert her noble bearing after her intrepid days on the trail dressed as a boy. Though the endearing nature had worn thin as she prattled on about it. I glanced again at Miriamni who still maintained a stolid insensate face, her eyes flitting briefly at me to meet mine for a split second, but still betraying nothing.

Rash stood, pushing her cup to rest with the discarded bowl.

"I am ready to return to our rooms now," she announced, her eyes flashing at mine with a smile in them.

We followed her, she pausing as we left the kitchen for me to catch up and take her proffered arm. I could see Miriamni frown, the Rash that I had got to know was becoming Rasyondi again, a princess emerging from the travelling cloths she'd adopted.

We walked back up, my tush still slightly sore, to the apartment. My dirty clothes still lay folded on the floor, I wondered how to go about having them washed, no doubt I would find the opportunity tomorrow sometime.

Rash sat herself down and I took the chair next to hers, her chests still littered the room, this was just another way station so it wasn't to my mind worth her unpacking, we should just move against the wall and walk around them.

Miriamni pottered around in the open chest while Rash and I relaxed back.

"Will this one do you for tomorrow?" Miriamni asked. "The rest need to be pressed and hung."

"I want you to address me as Princess or your Highness in future," she admonished her. "Take my things into my room and we'll sort it out in the morning, I need to look regal tomorrow, you can do my hair as well and I'll need my jewels." 

It wasn't my place to say anything, Miriamni was a free agent, she could, but then I thought, she couldn't actually, she would be penniless with no means of returning home herself. I would have to find a way to tell her that she could travel home with me; I could cover both of our expenses if she rode the donkey.

I watched as Miriamni took the clothes into the bedroom, I didn't know where she was putting them; I didn't remember much wardrobe space. I fancied getting a drink, a couple of beers or maybe a cheap wine, something to make me merry enough to ease the day's stiffness from my bones.

"I'm going to find an Inn, anyone want to join me?" I announced, leaning heavily on the arms to stand.

I turned and looked at Rash. 

"Um, no, I was wondering if I could get another bath," she replied with a twinkle in her eye.

"I'll ask the doorman downstairs to send someone up shall I," I said, pre-empting her.

She gave a vague nod of the head, "Yes, that'd be okay," she sighed.

I headed out, as much to find some solitude as for the drink, speaking to the doorman to tell him of Rash's request, and to ask directions to a decent drink. I strolled out, the great wheel rising and enough moonlight for me to see my way.

The beer was decent, though I did have some argument over my coins, my Skirian gold was worth less because the bankers charged a premium to cash it in. there was a general grumble, an upwelling of muttered agreement when I declared the bankers to be cheating, gold was gold after all.

After an agreeable evening, getting more questions ask of me than mine answered and sampling two more types of the local brew I meandered slowly back. I wasn't drunk but I had a pleasant glow that eased my cares.

When I got back the sitting room was empty, I took my shoes of and tiptoed over to Miriamni's door, knocking gently and going in. She sat up in bed, the candle on the washstand flickering,

"Yes," she enquired.

Standing just inside the closed door I told her. "I just wanted to tell you that if you want you can accompany me home when I go, you'll have to ride on the donkey and sleep in a tent, but I've money enough to feed us and see you home."

The door opened as I finished.

"What are you doing in here?" Rash asked accusingly.

"I was just talking to Miriamni about the magic in the wizard's disc," I explained. "If she going to spend time here studying."

"Oh I see," she sniffed. "Well I want you to do my back again."

"Okay," I interrupted her. "Just give me a minute."

"Why?" she asked plaintively.

"Because," I answered.

"Well I want you, my back wants you."

"Rash," I said exasperatedly.

"You should call me My Lady."

It struck a chord in me. "You may be the daughter of my king but you don't command me here. I need to reassert my independence here, I'm no longer that slave with a magic collar I am a freeman now."

My annoyance setting my heart beating as I awaited her response, my eyes narrowing on her.

She looked at me with anger building in her face then turned on her heel and marched into her room.

"She'll hold a grudge for that," Miriamni said, drawing my attention back to her.

"She was trying to bully me," I argued. "She's been spoilt, this new life of hers won't be as easy, she's going to get lots of No's in the future, mark mine as the first."

"Well, whatever about that she won't be pleased you've taken my side," she replied. "She'll be in there door locked, sulking."

I fell asleep on the floor, with my rush mat and cloak, the hard floor uncomfortably enough to make my sleep fitful.

Rash found me in the morning, she came out for the large jug of fresh water the servant had delivered.

"You can go home now," she said standing above me in her undies. "You've done your duty and you needn't stay any longer."

"That's if the tribunal this morning agrees with you." I teased. "Besides I'd like to learn more of my talent."

"What's so important about seeing magic, I hate you mages and things for that, the way you secretly think you're better because you can do things we ordinary mortals can't."

"Hey, I'm just an ordinary mortal who can see magic, I can't do any." I shouted at her retreating back.

'Oh well,' I thought. 'I was warned.'

I got up lazily and followed her back to her door, knocking and waiting for an answer, I knocked again and felt my impatient annoyance growing. Then there was a little shriek inside, I burst in and found her topless with her knickers sopping wet where she's spilt the bowl of water down herself somehow.

"What are you looking at," she shouted at me. "Get me a big towel."

I turned to do it, hiding my smile and my attempt to contain my amusement at her discomfort.

I handed her the towel and glanced at how much was left in the jug, still enough for Miriamni and I. I ducked out the door and went to sit at the low table, waiting for her to re-emerge.

Miriamni and I were both seated, still waiting for Rash when the door knocked.

"Come in," I called.

I was surprised to see my first female acolyte; if her femininity and voice had been bland her clothes wouldn't have given her away. She told us that breakfast was ready.

"Rash!" I called, after I thanked her.

"Rash are you ready for breakfast'" I called again, standing and walking towards her door.

"In a moment," she shouted through the door, a petulant tone to her voice.

I nodded to the waiting maid and she retired, pulling the door close as she stepped back into the passage. She emerged with a painted regal smile stiffen on her face, I turned for the door, Miriamni standing as Rash swept past the pair of us leaving a faint trace of perfume trailing in the air behind her.

We made our way down in an awkward silence, if she wanted to sulk so be it, our paths diverged from here anyway. The breakfast room was a big refectory, seating maybe fifty, we almost walked straight to a table but for me looking round and seeing the small queue.

Breakfast was a porridge of crushed grain and fruit, we found room on one of the long benches, me sat on one end of our trio, Rash at the other. The wizard next to me, in a dark green robe, turned to me.

"Greetings stranger, what brings you to our fair university, why do you wear the white robe of an appellate yet sit here in the master's dining room?"

"My own clothes are soiled; these were laid out for me." I replied.

"You are a guest here then?

"Yes, I'm with Princess Rasyondi."

"Rasyondi?" he said searching his memory.

"Oh yes, I remem.... Oh you're...," he lowered his voice and leaned in.

"Be careful telling that story," he said cryptically.

I nodded dumbly.

"Where you not tested as a child?"

"Yes sir, I was tested when my sister first bled, my fine 'tache was enough to shave."

"I fear you were not tested well enough, was your voice broke?"

"Near enough," I said defensively.

He nodded wisely and turned his attention back to his breakfast. I idly turned to Miriamni, who was quietly eating her breakfast.

"Well you think she's ready for it?" I asked, scraping the last from the bowl.

"Um?" she queried spoon paused half way to her mouth.

"Rash. This tribunal or council thing," I explained.

"She's face down her father often enough, she's brave enough to have faced down a bucking horse."

"And if they say no? What then?"

She turned back to her breakfast and I picked up the water jug and sat back after filling a glass. I didn't think there were any real grounds for refusal, she wanted to live her as an ordinary person might, she hadn't formally renounced Skire, but had virtually done so by seeking refuge.

I hoped they'd tell us the state of affairs, how soon the panel could be reasonable be assembled. I'd rather it sooner than later, give me more time to find lodgings before tonight. If it was going to take time then I'd best be independent.

We sat there as the dining hall emptied, the room quietening as I leant back my eyes seeing the myriad of old transparent spells, one of the oldest ones still with a faint glitter over the arch of the door.

"Shall we go back to the room?" I suggested casually, sitting back forward.

Miriamni turned and looked at Rash.

"They'll find us there as well as here," I added, leaning my elbows on the table.

Rash stood and turned from the table walking to the door without ever looking at us. 

I stood and followed on catching her as she paused looking left and right to decide which way to go. I walked on calmly taking the turns while she was one pace behind me. When I got to the door I paused, opening it to let Rash through first.

We settle in the chairs while Miriamni went into her bedroom, leaving us alone. I settled back into the cushioned upholstery and focused my eyes on the corner of the ceiling, wishing I could be out hunting for a room in some inn.

It was quite some time, an hour at least, before the knock on the door reassured us that we'd not been forgotten.

Rash beat me to call "Come in."

It was an older wizard accompanied by two acolytes; he entered while they remained outside.
