 I stepped into Grey's apartment, a sigh passing between my lips as I thought about how much I didn't want to do this. This emotional nonsense was something I usually avoided, but it came hand in hand with what I had done to Samantha. Sad thing was I hadn't picked a fight with the bitch just to get back into Grey's good graces, and I definitely didn't do it to get back into his pants. So when the result had been for Grey to tell me to come to his place to see him, I had known I wasn't going to like the result. Still, watching him sit in his chair with a beer in one hand and a sour expression on his face I couldn't help but feel the guilt of the last five months pile up on top of me.

"Why did you wait until I was out of town to pull this shit Quinn?" It was a fair question, but I didn't know how to answer it without making things worse. How did I explain that it was out of practicality that I knocked Samantha down those few pegs? 

"I didn't. Sam just waited until you were in Boston to get on my nerves." I said sitting down on the edge of the other chair, trying not to seem too comfortable, trying not to remind him that other times I probably would have been in his chair, stealing sips of his beer, touching him. I stopped the train of thought before it could smash through the heavy walls I had put up around this. "Look. I didn't do it out of malice, but she was pushing too many buttons and you know me!" It sounded too much like a whine so I snapped my mouth closed and looked at my hands.

"You refused, for nearly six months, to do anything about the situation. As soon as I left though, and couldn't take any part in it, you disposed of her without a thought." He growled, his hand clenching so tightly around the glass bottle I was afraid it would break. I walked over and took the bottle out of his hand. It put me over him, which wasn't smart since he was angry and I was already stepping all over the packs dominance. He looked up at me with a searing heat in his eyes that I felt. "Why?"

"It wasn't anything to do with you. I didn't hesitate to hurt you and I didn't do this to get back with you. I had to think of what it meant for everyone. What was best for you and the pack, what would keep me and the Fey safe..." 

"Samantha wasn't right for the pack! We both know it but you let her waltz in and take your spot!" 

"Listen Grey! I'm human! I will only ever be human and you needed someone who understood everything. What was I supposed to do? I couldn't put myself above the welfare of the pack! You're the one who taught me that!" My power was leaking into the room like someone had left the gas on. It was mixing dangerously with the fire in his eyes and I had to back off before sparks set it all alight. "Please..." I looked at him and shook my head thinking that someone as passionate as Grey wouldn't understand. 

"Tell me what happened." He changed the subject but I knew better then to think that this was over. He wasn't looking at me and as he took his beer back, I sat down again. 

"There is nothing to tell. She overstepped her bounds."

"Who set those bounds Quinn? What line in the sand did you draw with her that you waited so patiently for her to cross?" 

"It was about the others. People I promised to protect."

"It wasn't your job anymore; you gave it up without a fight actually." He groused and leveled a look at me that made me scoot back in the chair.

"I had to draw the line somewhere."

"And she crossed it..."

"Not her... You, Grey. I set a line with you. I had to. I mean, I'm only human, and if I let it go this time, and played the game, it would set a precedent." I writhed my hands and refused to look up, but the sound of his voice jerked my head upward.

"A precedent?" He roared, getting out of his chair. "What the hell do you mean Quinn?!" I flinched back and at once Grey stopped where he stood and backed away his face going white. Never had I backed down from him and I think he realized just how much these five months had damaged the work we had done. "Tell me."

"The first woman who came with enough power to take care of the pack and you scooped her up."

"You." I nodded and he rubbed his brow and sat looking dejected. "And then the next powerful woman who came along just took that spot from you and I couldn't do anything about it."

"No, you didn't do anything about it. You have made a lot more people angry for smaller things." I said gaining some of my prior confidence. "You were testing things. You wanted me to be your Alpha Bitch, and I proved that I wasn't what you wanted so you gave me an ultimatum. Fight with Samantha or leave. You wanted me to do things the wolf way and when I refused you replaced me."

"That wasn't how it was... I wanted you to fight to be by my side."

"I wanted the same thing. Isn't that funny? I wanted you to fight tradition and realize that even if I didn't do things the "wolf" way I was still the best one for the job. You went with the safer choice instead. Your pack suffered for it and you and I suffered for it." Just goes to show you I wasn't above lecturing or guilt tripping. It left a bad taste in my mouth but he had earned a bit of the bitterness.

"God I'm so stupid." I blinked; I had expected more arguments... not this. He dumped the rest of his drink into his mouth and then sat back and I saw him widen his eyes to keep tears from falling. "How do I fix this?" I didn't think he was really asking me but I answered anyway.

"You don't. I already did. I showed you and the pack where I stood and what it took for me to do things your way. Now you all know that I won't cross that line easily." I stood up and walked over and did what I had wanted to do since five months ago. I put myself in his lap and took the beer away from him and looked him in the eye. "We can fix this. It doesn't have to be hopeless. All you have to do is except where I stand. " He nodded dumbly and I took his hands and threaded them around my back and pressed my mouth to his in a hungry kiss. It felt so good that I didn't pull back like I intended to and ended up deepening the contact until we were pressed together desperately. 

Grey pulled back first with a gasp and looked at me with his honey and cream eyes. "I love you." I opened my mouth but he stole it with an impassioned kiss and pulled me in, his hands on my ass, fingers digging into the plump flesh through my skirt. We ate at each other until we were panting and I felt his hands slide up beneath my skirt, holding onto my thighs with iron fingers that were almost painful. I was used to his possessiveness but it still surprised me how hard he clung to me. He pulled me against him, but with the way I straddled his lap my hips press into the hard line of his stomach. I could feel the air around my legs as his lifted my skirt and gripped my ass again pulling me so hard against him that I whimpered. 

"Too rough?" His voice was gruff and when I shook my head, his grin that I had missed so much, flashed across his face. "Good." He growled and leaned down, clamping his mouth over my neck where his teeth and tongue pulled and massaged, turning my insides into jelly. I groaned as his teeth bit into the skin of my neck, pulling painfully. It was too soon for him to be so violent, but I didn't complain. I wanted the abuse, it seemed like proper punishment for my part in this mess. Instead I took it with small noises that seemed to drive him mad. He pulled back and licked the spot on my neck and grinned. I knew that I was going to be pissed tomorrow when I looked into the mirror, but at the moment the thought of bearing his mark pulled things low in body tight. 

I had been working on the buttons of his shirt, and now, as his hands wormed their way up the back of my halter, towards the ties, I pulled the cloth over his shoulders, baring the perfect line of his chest and stomach. My mouth worked over the skin, tasting it and marking it as he slipped the strings from around my neck and bared my chest. I was still embarrassed to sit like that in front of him. I was self conscious but he seemed to take savage delight in the sight of my breasts and quickly began lavishing them with attention. His mouth found a nipple, while his other hand rubbed and played with the other. I forgot about anything productive and threw my head back and basked in it. 

He suddenly stood and I squawked as he turned us, putting me down in the chair, as he stood in front of me. I blinked up at him as he kicked my shirt out of the way and smiled down at me. "Make yourself useful." He said and unbuckled his slacks, where there was a telltale bulge saying that I wasn't alone in my arousal. I smirked and sat up on my knees and yanked him forward by the belt loops. He stumbled but stood closer and I looked up at him as I rubbed my hand over the fabric covered bulge, my smirk turning into a grin when his head fell back and he let out a sound. I massaged him through his pants, feeling him grow bigger under my hand until he grabbed my wrist and yanked, unable to articulate. However I wasn't done and I took my wrist back and undid his pants, pulling them over his hips so I could get to the silk boxers underneath. I leaned in and ran my lips oh so gently along him, where I could trace his member perfectly through the thin fabric. When Grey looked down at me his eyes were heated gold and the air vibrated with the buzz of his other self. 

This time instead of my lips, my tongue ran a line over him through the boxers. His stare made me feel like he might decide to eat me before fucking me and it made me even more excited. I curled my fingers around the hem of his shorts but not before wrapping my mouth around the head of him and teasing with my tongue. He growled, not the heated masculine sound you normally get when handling a man's erection but the real live "your ass is mine" wolf growl. It made me shiver and the hardening of my nipples and the goose bumps on my arms didn't go unnoticed.

With a yank the shorts came down, and the solid length of his erection was bared for me. I smiled as I smoothed my hand over it and watched him, feeling as much excitement from his expressions as the actual contact. I curled my fingers around him, my other hand going up to massage his balls as I pumped him a couple of times. He was quivering and took a deep raspy breath that seemed to pull my groin tight. I leaned back over and my lips met my fist and closed over him, tongue swirling around the tip of his cock until I felt his hips jerk involuntarily forward. I moved my hand and took him deeper into my mouth and started a slow, torturous rhythm up and down his shaft with my wet lips. His hands went to my head and he curled his fingers into my hair. I could feel his control as he forced himself not to fuck my mouth. I went deeper with every movement now and soon I could feel his cock hitting uncomfortably at the back of my throat. 

"Shiiiit." The hiss accompanied a tug on my hair that sent me sliding along him. I felt him hit my throat again and I worked hard not to gag. I was pretty good with mind over matter, but convincing my body that I could still breathe with a large erect penis in my throat was no easy task. Still I didn't make him stop as he tentatively thrust again. I made a sound and wrapped my hands around his thighs as he continued to thrust into my mouth, making me make silly noises every time he hit my gag reflex. He pulled back and panted as a string of spit bridged between my mouth and his glistening shaft. I took a deep breath and looked up at his wild face. "Sorry." He managed and I nodded, to busy breathing to tell him not to worry about it.

Instead I turned in the chair and offered him a view of my ass. My skirt was up around my hips and my panties and garters matched to perfection. He obviously appreciated it as he ran his hands up my thighs and then pulled my legs apart, sending me tilting forward until I hugged the back of the chair and couldn't see what he was doing behind me. I could feel his fingers though as they ghosted over my slit, feeling the moisture through my panties. "Mm, having my cock in your mouth has made you this wet?" I blushed, but didn't protest, which was an improvement. I simply watched him as best I could over my shoulder as he pulled my underwear aside and ran his fingers over the line of my bare slit. I let out a small whimpering sound and clutched at the chair. He didn't give me any warning as he prodded the tip of his erection into my opening. I sucked in a breath and waited my body throbbing with anticipation. I heard him snicker and I tried to relax. All he did was prod me again and I made another small sound of protest. "What?" He asked.

"Stop teasing!" I whined pushing my hips backwards. He pulled back and then pushed me forward and pinned me in place. "Grey!" I demanded.

"What?" He said again, prodding me as I throbbed. 

"Inside! I want you inside me!" I growled and he chuckled. 

"I am inside you." 

"All the way!" I pushed against his hands as he rocked slowly, nothing but the barest hint of him inside my wet folds. "Grey! Fuck me!" I moaned and heard him laugh again. The movement stopped and I closed my eyes, waiting for the first thrust of him inside of me. It was gentle as he slid in me, slowly, an inch at a time until his hips met my ass. I squirmed and tried to move but he held me in place as he slid back out just as slowly and then in again. I wanted to scream from the frustration. The bastard was teasing me when all I wanted was to fuck. I opened my mouth to protest again but snapped it close as my eyes widened. His fingers curled over my ass as he kept up his torturous pace and then I felt one of his fingers probing at the tight ring of flesh. It made me tighten and then I felt a flush of embarrassment. Surely something like that didn't excite normal girls... The uncertain though flitted through my head as his finger pressed again this time to pop in and then out as if experimenting. I shuddered again and heard his breath take a hiss in. He had felt my body's reaction as he slipped slowly through me. 

"P-please hurry up!" I thrust my hips while his hands were distracted and he let out a sound of surprise, but it seemed to be enough to break him of his teasing. He pushed into me with a couple of quick thrusts, as if testing and then put more force behind it and worked himself into me. His finger went back to prodding at my ass and I moaned, thinking that it wasn't a bad feeling with him flying in and out of me. He found me accepting the touch and it excited him, making him get rougher as he pounded into me, our skin slapping together. I was starting to make noises as his cock hit the height of his strokes and he had abandoned his exploring in order to take possession of my hips and pull them back against him even as he thrust. Still it wasn't enough and he growled as I called halt. "Sit." I ordered and he was too concerned with getting back to work to argue. I straddled his lap and lowered myself over him, hand guiding his cock back into my flesh. I lowered myself until his was deep inside of me. I started moved, grinding my hips before I took off, jerking up and down, just to feel the friction of him. At this angle it was deeper almost painful, but I didn't go easy as I moved my hips. 

His hands found their way over my chest, where he massaged my breasts. I pressed against his hands and planted my mouth against his collar bone, my teeth and tongue working at the taught flesh, repaying him for the mark he had left on my neck. "Quinn." He rumbled and I knew the sound. I sped up, ignoring the protest of my muscles as I moved over and over, sweat slicking my body as it rubbed against his. The tight feeling in my abdomen simply grew and I closed my eyes, concentrating on the sounds that Grey was making and the feeling growing inside me. He was so close and I was getting there. With a sudden move we were on the floor and my knees were suddenly hiked up by my ears as Grey hammered into me with bruising force. I yowled and thrashed as he plunged deeply into me. I felt the catch and Grey smirked down at me, his expression utterly satisfied. 

"Oh fuck." I moaned and felt the wave break loose, spilling through my body, tightening my abdomen and making me scream out like an animal. It stole my sanity for a moment and I didn't care that we were in an apartment, or the fact that Grey's hot cum was pouring over my breasts and stomach. I hadn't seen him pull out... I hadn't noticed that we weren't using a condom. At the moment it registered but I didn't care. Even as his juices began to slide over my curves and cool to room temperature I lay there, dazed, listening to Grey who was slumped over me, heedless of the mess. "I love you too." I murmured and curled my hands into his hair, kissing him gently. 

"I want to hear that again when you aren't in post-orgasmic euphoria." I laughed and hugged on him, thinking that I wouldn't mind saying it again. It had felt good.