 Driving back towards Charleston I was thinking over what I had to do tonight to rid myself of the lycan problem. Ideally I would have a couple of days to handle the situation but time was of the essence. The situation was much worse as I now realized that tonight was a full moon. 

As I said before, the good things about angels and lycans were that they operated by some sort of code. There wasn't the constant backstabbing and devious plots like with vampires and demons so that made approaching them much easier. Lycans lived in packs and functioned under a pack mentality, basically the strongest was the leader. Luckily that rule wasn't just subject to werewolves. Basically anyone besides vampires were allowed to challenge the alpha for his spot as the clan head. 

Whilst that was the rule it was hardly ever done. Even though Angels were similar to them they still held a mild dislike for werewolves. After all they were descended from humans and on top of that they were a main part of the reason why the Angels were driven back into their own dimension all those years ago, so why would they want to be a pack leader. Likewise demons rarely challenged because if they became the Alpha then they would have to live and abide by werewolf laws, something most demons would never do.

In all of my memories I could only recall one human ever becoming the leader of a werewolf pack. If all went well that number would become two tonight. Like I said ideally I would have had more time to do this but seeing as I'm stressed for time I would probably have to pump Molina for information or at the very least her mom. It wasn't something I was looking forward to. It would look weird to just show up on her doorstep saying I knew she was a half werewolf and I needed to know the location of their hideout. It was likely that I'd probably have to lie and also bring Felix's name up to get the information out of her.

As I pulled back into my house I noticed a car out front. It was really becoming a bad omen when people were waiting at my house. With slight trepidation I walked past the old clunker littering my driveway and made my way up the driveway. Like I said it seemed fate was a cruel mistress, the one person I was dreading having to see was sitting on my doorstep smiling up at me.

"Hello Molina, how're you?" I asked her as I extended a hand to help her get off the step. She was wearing a loose fitting white blouse and a pair of jeans, her dark brown hair tied in a ponytail.

"I'm doing good Alan, Um I called earlier but you didn't answer so I just stopped by." She told me sheepishly as I led her into the living room. She sat across from me and crossed one leg over her knee, I always pictured that way of sitting very refined. 

"Well since you made it a point to get into contact with me, I'm guessing that something's up. What can I do for you? Do you need to talk?" I asked her. Usually I'm good at knowing exactly what people want but I really had no idea why Molina would come and see me. I figured she was just taking me up on my offer to listen if she needed to talk.

"Actually," she started, "I do need to talk to you about something." Molina admitted. Whatever it was though she was reluctant to come out with it. She was sitting there biting her lip in the cute way some women do when they're nervous. 

It finally dawned on me what this could be about. She probably wanted to bring up the whole werewolf attack but was worried on how to ask me about it without sounding suspicious or even crazy. It really was a dilemma. How do you ask someone if they're alright after being attacked by a huge man-wolf, without letting on that you're a supernatural creature and also the reason they were attacked? The solution was simple enough though. If I had no knowledge of the supernatural and wasn't already clued into the situation it would have been harder, but seeing as I understood what was going on I decided I'd just take the pressure off of her and come out with it. Besides this would make it easier when I asked her about the werewolf's den location later.

"Molina is this about that lycan attack a couple of nights ago?" I lead. Her eyes went wide and her head shot up so she was looking me in the face. Her face basically asked the question so I continued with, "Yeah I know all about lycans, vampires, demons, angels, and the other host of things on this earth, no need to be surprised. So just come on out and say what you need to say." I could tell that Molina was slightly relieved now that everything was out in the open but she still had a bit of worry in her expression as well.

"Well I guess there's really nothing more for me to ask but are you alright? I mean you were attacked by a werewolf." she asked. 

"Actually I'm quite fine. Really it was no problem to dispose of one lone lycan who wasn't even on his guard. Honestly, he thought he would just follow me into the alley, kill me, and be on his merry way within minutes." I replied to a stunned Molina.

"But how did it happen. I originally thought that you were a normal human but it's clear that you're not, but I'm not picking up a supernatural vibe from you either and no offense but Julian wasn't really a pushover." 

So Julian was his name. The more I learned about this pack the less I was liking what I heard. I already doubted the fighting strength of the pack because of how much they were pressuring Molina to join them. No offense to her but she was a woman so she was already characteristically weaker than male lycans and on top of that she was a half-breed. More than likely her contributions to the overall fighting strength would be paltry at best unless there was something I was missing. On top of that if this Julian was considered one of the stronger wolves of the pack then that didn't bode well for me because after tonight I would be the alpha of the pack and it seemed I was inheriting a group of weaklings with barely any fighting force. Not to mention, I would be killing a couple of members tonight as well.

"Well I can't tell you all that but just take my word that it wasn't a hard fight at all." I told her, "If you don't mind though I want to ask you some things as well. Mainly where is the main den for the pack?" I asked her. If I was lucky Molina would be able to tell me, since she wasn't a full member of the pack she had certain liberties that others didn't. One she didn't have to listen to the Alpha, more than likely she did anyway but a member of the pack would be physically unable to go against a direct order, Secondly she also had the ability to talk freely about the pack whereas full members wouldn't be able to say much about their pack. Now that I think about it these could be part of the reasons they wanted Molina in their pack, kind of a closing off of loose ends.

"Why do you want to know?" asked Molina.

"Why do you think? The bastards tried to kill me for one, am I just supposed to let that go?" I told her, "Besides Felix asked me to make sure none of them got anywhere near you in the first place." 

"Wait, my grandfather knew about the werewolves?" Molina asked. I knew Felix didn't want her to know that he was aware of anything supernatural and plus it's not like it would help her any to know about it anyway.

"Of course he didn't know," I lied, "he just told me that recently some weird people were hanging around his granddaughter and he wanted me to make sure you didn't fall in with them after he died." I told her.

"So you're doing all of this for me? Because if you are you really don't have to." 

"Well originally I was just going to leave you be. After all you're a grown woman and who you hang out with is really none of my or Felix's business. But when I found out that you were a lycan I was slightly intrigued so I figured I'd play it by ear. On top of that they did try to kill me." I explained to her.

"I planned to wait a little bit before I went any further but I have business to attend to overseas so this situation must be resolved tonight." 

Molina looked off in thought, I guess contemplating if she was going to tell me the den location or not. I don't know if she only came over to scout for information or if she was just visiting by her own will. Either way she seemed to come to a decision as she let out a breath before saying to me,

"You'll find them at the old steel plant. If you're going to do this however I'd advise you to wait until tomorrow. Most days everyone is spread out, tonight being the full moon however, everyone's going to be there. Not to mention the strength boost they'll get from the moon being full." 

"It's better this way." I told her, "If I beat them tonight when they're all there then I won't have to worry about any rebellions from members who were absent when I showed up. Besides if I won when there wasn't a full moon I would just be challenged at the next full moon." 

"I guess I can see where you're coming from." she conceded, "But just be careful. No matter what you say you're still only in this because my grandfather asked you to look out for me and I don't want you getting hurt because of me." 

"Don't worry, I'll be fine. By this time tomorrow everything will be alright." I assured her.

"Well I guess I should be going then?" Molina asked more than said. She started to gather her things and headed for the door. 

"Molina before you go I need to ask you one thing. Truthfully how do you feel about the werewolf pack? Do you have no intention of ever joining?" I asked her. 

"Well I won't say I'll never join, besides I'm pretty much already a member anyway. Most of my friends are werewolves. I think that it's more of the forced subservience and being pressured to join that keeps me from becoming a full member." Molina answered.

"Okay one final thing and you can leave. How do you feel about Rodrigo?" 

"Why do you ask?" 

"Well tonight I'll have to get the clan to perceive me as a threat so that I can formally challenge the Alpha for leadership. In order to do that I'll have to kill a few pack members and well Rodrigo is kind of at the top of that list." 

"To be honest Rodrigo is another reason why I'm hesitant to join the pack. He's related to the Alpha somehow. I think they might be cousins though no one ever confirmed it. Needless to say he'll become the Alpha after the current one dies if no one challenges for it. Most of the younger lycans are already on his side so when he becomes Alpha there will probably be a civil war between the older members who don't want him in power and the younger ones who do." Molina said.

"Now that you mention it," she continued, "It's probably imperative that you kill him tonight. If not he'll either start a rebellion with his faction or just succeed with his group entirely. While Rodrigo isn't worth twelve dead flies, he does have some good men on his side. Most namely his Beta Navarro. The only reason Navarro is even with him is because he and Rodrigo have been friends since they were children. Also Rodrigo's family took him in when his parents were killed. He was basically raised as a servant in their house, I don't think he even knows how to go against Rodrigo. So if you must kill some people besides Rodrigo try to spare Navarro. You should be able to spot him fairly easily, he's about the tallest lycan in the pack and has long shaggy black hair. He also always wears a green bandana that belonged to his father tied around his arm." 

"Okay so kill Rodrigo spare Navarro. Anything else?" I asked.

"Well there is one more thing," Molina said, "No never mind just forget it." 

"What is it?" I asked.

"God I can't even believe I'm about to fucking say this." 

"It can't be that bad." I chuckled, amused at the way she was acting.

"Okay, okay here goes. Um do you wanna.. maybe.. after all of this is over.. possibly..go out for dinner.. or something." She said bashfully, a blush coming to her olive skin.

"Oh wow." I stammered. I wasn't expecting this at all. I mean was I even allowed to date Molina. Technically she's the granddaughter of another me, isn't that somehow wrong. Then again, she was already alive before I became the host so it should be okay. But would Felix be okay with it. He probably would but still. You know what forget it, what's the worst that can happen?

"Uh yeah sure, I'd love to. One problem though, I'll be taking a trip to London tomorrow to handle some business. I shouldn't be gone more than two weeks but if you're okay with waiting until I get back then I'd be honored to take you out." I told her with a smile

"Really!!? I mean yeah I don't mind waiting or whatever. Um I really should be going. Uh I'll call you tomorrow or something." Molina sputtered as she back pedaled out the door. I watched with a smile as she drove out of the driveway and down the street. She was really cute when she was flustered. Snapping out of it I shut the door.

It was one o'clock now and the moon would be out in no more than seven hours add an extra one or two for all the pack members to show up and I was looking at a roughly nine hour window to plan and execute this operation. It was crunch time.

______

I strode into the underground room that housed the supercomputer with the AIDA super-intelligence loaded onto it. If I was going to plan an operation this was definitely the place to do it. High-tech equipment, and a computer ready to provide me with any information as soon as I asked for it besides it just seemed cool to me. Kind of like Batman cracking the mystery behind the evidence in one of his cases. I think I might start calling this place the "Tiger Cave" .

"Aida I need..." 

"A blueprint of the old steel plant on the edge of town." the computerized voice interrupted me as they were pulled up on the screen.

"Yes and.." 

"You'll need the vantage points highlighted in order to show you the best place to use the two military grade sniper rifles you borrowed from your friends in Roanoke." Aida finished again as various places on the blueprint became circled with different notations next to each.

"How'd you know about.." 

"The sniper rifles? I'm a supercomputer with an artificial intelligence. There's not a place you can go that I wont hear or know what happens. Unless you go somewhere with no electronics." 

"Okay Aida thank you. And for future reference, don't cut me off." I told the computer as I grabbed the blueprints she had printed off. 

As I looked over the blueprints I started to think that maybe this operation was going to be easier than I thought. There were a lot of open spaces and I'm sure that the lycans would be using one of them for their meeting. It was a den so there would be other rooms as well. From the different vantage points Aida had marked I could effectively see the whole steel plant. 

The hard part about breaking into a werewolf den is actually getting in. The security is so high on the perimeter that once you make it inside it's pretty lax. The easiest way to get in would be by air.

Werewolves main enemies are vampires. Contrary to popular folklore vampires can't fly but are able to glide fairly well. This means that the lycans more than likely will have guards posted on the larger buildings around the den. There won't be too many of them, maybe only one person on each of the five nearest buildings. Without a high jump off point the vampires wouldn't be able to glide into the lycan base that's why surveillance of the taller buildings is essential.

That fact however will work in my favor tonight. The lycans will only be guarding the tall buildings near their hideout which means that if I fly from any point outside of their surveillance radius and stay up higher than the buildings I should be able to fly right into the center of the den undetected. Once inside I could land on one of the roofs or vantage points and snipe away, moving from place to place as necessary.

Next thing I'd have to figure out would be my load out. I knew that I would need two walkie talkies, gloves, and of course the two guns. I don't think I'll need more bullets. Each gun holds five shots, two guns gives me ten shots, one shot a kill and we have potentially ten dead werewolves. Hopefully I won't need to kill ten werewolves but you never know. 

"Aida what's the projected temperature for tonight? Will I need a light or heavy jacket?" 

"The temperature is projected to be fifty two degrees, wind chill factor will make it feel around forty eight. As for the jacket need I remind you that you have a nanochip in your arm that will give you any item of clothing you desire." 

That's right!! I had forgotten about the outfit thing. Aida had said it would protect me form the cold and harm. Tonight seemed a good a time as any to test that theory out. Plus it considerably lessened the number of items I would have to carry. Come to think of it I could probably do away with all of the clothes in my closet.

I thought about what I wanted to wear and decided that my thirteens jacket would be the best bet for now. I focused on the outfit and just like yesterday I now donned it. But something felt different. I realized that I was still wearing the collar shirt and slacks that I wore to the briefing earlier. They were under my current outfit and made it feel uncomfortable. Willing away the jacket I stripped out of the slacks and shirt.

"Hey Aida, does this thing create underwear and stuff too?" I asked as I eyed my boxer shorts.

"Sure,it'll create anything. All you have to do is think about it in layers. First think about underwear being on and then move on to pants and then a belt, so on and so forth." 

"Thanks." I said as I started to strip out of my underwear. I was bending over to remove my socks when I heard a wolf whistle followed by Aida saying,

" Nice bod.I bet you're lycan girlfriend will enjoy that. Probably as much as your red head Spanish friend." I stood up quickly and made some underwear appear on me before I whirled around to face the supercomputer.

"Okay how do you know about that?" I asked

"Well you both have cellphones, not to mention the hotel room had a TV in it. I was able to use the cable-box recorder to record your little bedroom dalliance." Aida said as the screen changed to a recording of that night showing me and Demetria in the hotel. 

"Okay you can go ahead and delete that." 

"Really do I have to? I was thinking about sending it to Rose as a Christmas present. Especially after that little thing a couple days ago outside of the bathroom." the computer responded back.

"Three things. One yes delete it. Two don't spy on me, and three there is nothing going on between me and Rose." 

"Tell that to the dildo she keeps in her dresser that she wears out nearly every night moaning your name. I think she'll be happy to know that you're larger than that piece of plastic." Aida muttered.

"Don't spy on Rose either!!" I exclaimed as I turned away.

"Well can I still spy on Angela?" Aida asked, "Because she has this picture of you on her nightstand that looks at while she" 

"DON'T SPY ON ANYONE!!" I yelled." Don't spy on anyone unless I need you to. You can still maintain surveillance on me and my family to make sure we're safe but no more spying. And definitely no more recording." 

"Aw don't be like that. I have this one video of a particularly sexy masturbation session by Angela. The things she was yelling about you were downright whorish. Trust me that girl is no angel... do you want to see it? I have it right here." 

I stood there stunned not knowing what to say.

"Come on Alan just say the word and every single video could be at you fingers.." Aida continued.

"No, no. I don't want to see them. Matter of fact erase all of them and if I catch you recording anymore I gonna unplug you and leave you down here to collect dust." 
