 This story is a work of fiction set in a Universe similar to ours. All characters are over the age of 18. I initially started this story as a one-man-adventure into the Mythical Universe filled with gods, monsters and all kinds of supernatural creatures but ended up with something else. 

Please do not copy my work. 

Hope you enjoy.

Rise of a New God

Present 1943

"It's happening," Athena spoke, "it's finally happening." 

They were currently in the throne room if you could even call it that. The place was incredibly massive, well at least it matched the ego of its owner. The same ego that would probably doom them all.

Athena knew she tried, for millennia she had secretly made it her quest to find a way to bring the almighty Sky-father back to the path of reason, as he was once in his almost forgotten good days. She still couldn't believe his stubbornness. 

Stories she heard from her grandmother seem more like myths even to someone as old as her. There was no way the two personalities that she saw had ever resided in one being.

They were complete opposites. Sometimes she imagined that was probably the result of having too much power over time and with no one to challenge him. He'd become reckless and completely indifferent, at least she wasn't the only one who saw that and that's what led to their current situation. Switching her focus to the two other goddesses standing in front of her.

"By the cosmos! He is insane. Someone should intervene."

"No one will. It's understandable. We've never been faced with the potential threat of real death before," Athena spoke.

"What do we do then? You know when he kills Zeus there is no one who is going to oppose him and with that weapon he will be virtually unstoppable." One of the goddesses said. Athena felt pity for the two distraught goddesses.

They were two of the many lesser gods that if it weren't for their mere status as gods, they would have had trouble living as humans on their own. Hades! What was even more amusing was once, one of them was supposedly a member of the Twelve and a direct descendant of Kronus himself. Yet when faced with the potential of a confrontation, instead of standing her ground like she and the other Twelve did, she folded. Now Athena could imagine the kind of terror that raged through her mind like her uncle's famous storms.

Her other company was less mousy but still apprehensive nonetheless. Athena wondered what the other goddess would have done had she not passed through the throne room on her way to consult the Fates. That's when she encountered the two, huddled up together like it was the end of everything. It's in those situations that she appreciated the courage and bravery of mere mortals over the disgrace of some of her kind. What they would think of these two right now after having worshiped them for years.

"Thanks for reminding me what I already know," she started walking away.

"Where are you going?"

"To have a chat with the Fates. I need to know what will happen so that I can prepare for what is to come. Honestly, we all do."

"Wait for me." Hebe squeaked before she and Hestia quickly caught up to her, and the three vanished.

...

The house, if you could call it a home. Was a testament to who exactly was its owner or this case owners; was quite old with only one pillar supporting the rest of the generously colossal house. For eons Athena had waited the day it would eventually collapse to this day. Its defiance was also quite a tribute of who lived inside it. 

"Who dares approach our dwelling?"

"I Athena."

"We've been expecting you," one of them replied.

"Of course, you did. Clearly, if you could live forever as I do then that line isn't really that special. The probability of anyone deciding to take a break from their eternity of self-gloating and endless scheming to visit the Fates for whatever tactical fortune or misfortune they would like to foresee before commencing on it is quite infinite too. It is only a matter of time which is also in the infinite bracket."

"You are still defiant as ever with regards to our abilities, yet you still seek us out time and time again," Clotho spoke.

"You haven't failed me. Yet."

"And we will always be here to prove you wrong my child."

"Humor me again. I assume you know why I am here too?"

"We've known that since the beginning of time."

"Yeah, yeah, blah, blah. There is no time for another history lesson of how old you three are."

"What you seek we do not have, but he who holds the prophecy. We can only see the end, not the journey. And it is brighter than ever."

"What do you mean you can't see the journey? You always see the journey."

"Yes child, but only if it were predictable. For to see the journey thyself affects the very fabric of order." Atropos interrupted.

"I don't like the sound of that."

"What do they mean Athena?" Hestia hesitantly asked reminding Athena she was with company.

"We need to leave, now." Athena grabbed both Hebe and Hestia before summoning the aether and de-materialized. They materialized on Olympus, and Athena closed her eyes as she summoned her brother.

"You are scaring us, Athena. Is father going to die?"

"I need to confirm that first before I answer your question."

"Oh, Earth-mother, we're doomed."

"Shut up you two or I will leave you on your own." The two goddesses shamefully took a step away from Athena's quickly rising temper and hanged their heads low. No one wanted to test the goddess of wisdom's wrath. She always came up with the most horrifying punishments and revenge.

"Apollo my brother, I summon you. Heed my call for we are all in great danger."

Opening her eyes, she glanced at the sun's direction and hoped his brother would respond to her beckon. Behind her, the two goddesses remained silent. The light emanating from the sun shimmered as a figure gently approached them.

He was quite tall and lean, but his most striking feature was his face, capable of making even the most devout virgins like her Aunt regret their choice. It's a good thing she was blessed with more brains than carnal desires, the kind of which many women succumb to by the mere presence of his brother.

He probably should add desire and lust to his list of numerous abilities. Should be enough to fluster that pesky little wench for thinking she is the most irresistible object in entire cosmos. Athena held back a laugh as his brother finally closed in presenting all his godly glory.

"You look, good brother," She smiled.

"For you sister, I always try my best." Apollo smiled back. "Why did you summon me, Athena, unlike the Fates I don't know everything."

"I need you to prophesize."

"I can't."

"It's important."

"I know, but you know why I can't."

"You've seen it?" Athena asked.

"I have."

"I can't believe you're going to do this to me. You how much I crave knowledge?"

"I do sister, but I'm sorry this is how it has to be," Apollo replied.

"At least give me something, a hint, conjecture, anything to redirect my curiosity."

The two stared deeply into each other's eyes, and after an extended period of silence Apollo breathed a sigh, "Raymond." He then turned into a flash of blinding light before disappearing.

"Thank you, brother. Your secret is safe with me." There was a slight dim in the setting sun that was barely noticeable.

"So, what now?" Hestia asked.

After a brief silence, Athena spoke. "Now we wait."

"What about the war?" 

Athena said nothing before summoning the aether again and disappearing, Hestia and Hebe followed suit.

***

Past 1939

A tall figure walked down a narrow path in what appeared to be a giant cave. He progressed deeper into the cave. His body donned in heavy metal-plated armor with an orange spear and helmet sigil centrally placed on his chest-plate. His body armor, on the other hand, was completely red, and covering his entire body except for his joints. His head was also covered with a red Spartan helmet and inside you could see two glowing crimson eyes. A testimony of pure rage and raw power.

Going further towards the heart of the large cave, sunlight began to fade, and darkness engulfed his entire being. He didn't miss a step as his eyes could still see everything, every crawling insect, and rock that he bothered to gaze upon. 

Finally, after what seemed like hours of walking, he arrived at his destination. In front of him, there were five giant sized Cyclops who sniffed the air to get a more detailed information of the stranger that their shifty eyes could not offer.

By human standards, the god of war was nothing short of a giant. At seven feet, his original size was still mocked by the ugly one-eyed bastards who easily doubled his already giant nature.

Growling inwardly, he waited for the slightest chance of provocation for him to spring into action and rip their heads off with his bare hands. Almost as if the Cyclops read his mind, they swiftly steered off his path which came to a dead rocky end. 

To any human that's where they would stop and turn back to try a different route. But for gods like him, he could see the keys for accessing the other side of the wall.

"Clever, ugly bastard." Ares mused as he drew a pattern that his brother showed him as a way to access his abode. 

Ares never understood the need for a secretive passage. If anyone wanted to attack him in his home, he would more than welcome it, Hades! He would probably let them have the first shot as a courtesy. 

Smiling at his train of thought, his hand subconsciously rested over his war hammer, firmly attached on his right side. He longed for the day that was fast approaching. He could even smell the blood that wouldn't be so long smeared on his hammer.

Recalling the number of skulls, he caved and crushed under it, it was such a pity those vermin never stay dead. And that's what brought him there. The most ruthless of the greater gods down this dump and filthy cave. 

It had been found, at last, the scythe of Kronus, lost for millennia in the vast depths of Tartarus. He sure hoped Hephaestus was for once right about his wild theories. For once he would listen to someone else give him advice on how to properly kill his victims.

"Hello, Ares."

"Hephaestus."

"You're right on time."

"I know. I presume you have the weapon ready."

"Yes." Hephaestus turned and walked towards one of many tables that contained a shining metal sword.

"I thought it was supposed to be a scythe."

"It was, I reforged it, to make it easier to hide in plain sight. You don't want the gods to know you have with you the scythe of Kronus when they see it."

"I suppose so."

"Good, then I guess we are ready."

"Are you sure? There is no going back or cowering out this time like the last time."

"No, I'm all in this time. My mother has suffered enough under that womanizing tyrant." 

"That's the spirit. I hope it remains that way in the few years to come while I sound battle calls." Hephaestus nodded, and Ares exited the cave before summoning the aether and disappeared.

Arriving at his forte, he placed the sword near a corner and waved his hand over it and muttered a short spell, making it invisible before returning to his favorite seat. Putting his hammer at his side, he used his divine vision to glance past the clouds in the sky and further down to earth.

Within a minute he smiled to himself. Things were going as planned. The humans were gearing up for war, and this war was going to be the war that would eclipse the previous one. He could feel the amount of power he was siphoning from just the tension among the nations and imagined how much he would get when the real war started.

His attention was drawn in particularly to the one man he was able to corrupt. He was his masterpiece. Filled with ideologies of superiority, he set him on a path of world domination and supremacy. He had taken time to manipulate the unsuspecting human throughout his childhood disguised as an old mentor who had been through the previous war that his country humiliatingly lost to the powers of the west, something that his race, should not have endured.

The man, a child, back then had heeded to his teachings and become the man he was now, his key to power. It had taken him decades to plan all of it, but he was now satisfied with what he saw. After knowing his source of power for the coming war among the gods was secure, all he needed was to finally put the few pieces of his long-planned out strategy into place.

*Ares my brother, I summon you. *

He could hear a voice in his head calling for him. For a moment he wanted to ignore it. But considering who was calling, he knew he needed to keep her close in case she springs up a surprise that could potentially derail his scheme. Answering her call, he summoned the aether and vanished once again.

"I didn't think you would come."

"You and me both. What do you want?"

"I'm here to tell you to stop this madness brother. You don't know the consequences of what your stupid vendetta would unleash."

"I'm not worried nor interested with the consequences all I want is father gone, period."

"Listen to what you're saying, this is madness. What do you expect to gain by killing him, huh? You'll just create a power vacuum that the other two would try and grab it for themselves."

"That's not my problem."

"And what happens if you die?"

"Then I die. Someone else would just take my place and continue my work."

"You're going to doom us all."

"Not according to the Fates. I hear there's going to be a much better future for us. There is only one interpretation for that. Zeus will and must die."

"You stupid boy, you can't kill him. Not only is he more powerful than you, he is also immortal." Athena growled.

"I guess we'll have to put that to the test." 

"What are you getting at?"

"It's real Athena, the cursed scythe of Kronus is real."

Athena's eyes bulged outwards. "Impossible! No one could ever find it in the depths of Tartarus, not even the Titans themselves and they have been prisoners there for countless eons."

"I guess you're not the smartest of the gods after all."

"Intelligence is relative."

"Be that as it may, Hephaestus was smart enough to find it. That ugly dwarf always amazed me."

"You may possess the weapon that can kill gods, but it still a theory, it has yet to kill any god."

"Maybe or maybe not, but I'm willing to bet great grandfather Ouranos wasn't bluffing when cursed the weapon after it chopped his divine balls off. Hades! even Kronus fears it.

"Why do you think he decided to throw it in Tartarus? I'm guessing it was because of the curse that Ouranos also placed on him that he would be murdered by his own son. It was terrifying enough for him to throw away the only weapon he knew would kill him."

"I know the lore."

"Yet you still doubt it. Is there anything that you believe to be true in this cosmos?"

Frowning, "Yes, one thing. One god is going to die, you or Zeus. And I'm very much interested to see what he will do to you once news of the weapon reaches him. You should probably get yourself a new place and stay in hiding forever." She gave Ares a sinister smile.

"At least I know which side you're on."

"Oh, I'm on the side of order which you so very much made it clear you wish to upset. And even if you managed to defeat Father, he is still going to curse you. Just he was by his father."

"Not if he is dead, he's not."

"You're insane."

"I get that a lot. Farewell sister," Ares vanished into the aether.

***

Present 1943

The rumors were starting to get to him. He dismissed them at first, but they kept piling up until they hit a nerve and spurred him to action. Calling for his cup-bearer, she quickly came to him and bowed low.

"Rise."

His voice thundered sending echoes bouncing back and forth within the vacated throne room. 

"What do you know of the reports I've been getting recently?"

"What do you mean father?" Hebe asked.

"Don't play dumb with me." A few electric sparks started showing around his deep blue eyes. 

Anyone who knew him at this moment knew better than to deny him what he wanted lest they find themselves convulsing in pure agony.

She could swear it was like he was constantly overloaded with power and needed a little potency drain from time to time to prevent him from drowning in his own might.

"There's a rumor my lord-"

"Yes, I got that part already."

"That there is a weapon that can kill gods."

"Do you think it's true?" Zeus leaned forward to stare down at Hebe who was at the bottom of the stairs ascending towards the throne

Hebe whimpered "I'm not sure my king."

There was a long silence in the room that made Hebe flinch as she prepared herself for the thousandth time for the immense pain that proceeded the electric shock she was going to experience. Nothing came. Looking up to her father, he was long gone. She let out a deep sigh before scampering back to her chambers.

...

"Great-one, what brings you here?"

"We see, you're are troubled."

"You want answers?"

Zeus only glared, "start talking."

"You already know the answer to which you seek."

"The question you should be asking is why a god would go to the lengths they have to find a weapon that threatens their own existence."

"So, they finally want to kill me."

"Why would they want to kill you, Great-one?"

"There is an uprising, and I'm the highest power. Doesn't take a genius to know that killing me will be what counts. I pity the fool who would dare stand up to me."

"Pride always comes before a fall." 

"Watch your words old hag."

"We've spoken," the old Fates went back to their ever-busy state of muttering to themselves leaving Zeus to contemplate blasting them with one well-placed thunderbolt, or he could just rip the entire house into tiny pieces. He finally settled for leaving in peace he would still need them as much as he hated relying on them.

Getting on with the matter at hand, he reached out with his divine power and summoned all the twelve Olympians to his throne room. It was about time he settled the case once and for all. With a flash of lightning, he teleported to Olympus.

...

It took half an hour for only five gods to appear and another half for him to conclude the rest weren't coming. Growling, he stood up from his throne, his face reddened. The entire room smelt of ozone as his face grew darker, sparks of lightning flashed across his eyes.

Directing his gaze at the five, Apollo, Artemis, Hermes, Athena and the ever-drunk bastard. That left out his wife, her unruly sister, the carnal witch, anger issues, greasy and his wet brother. He generally never minded the occasional one or two gods missing but half of them missing put him on edge. It seemed to happen a lot lately.

"Does anyone know where the rest of you are?" He asked them but singled out Apollo and narrowed his eyes at him.

"I can't see them."

"All of them?"

"Yes."

"Anyone else who knows their whereabouts, now is the time to speak." No one replied which had the effect of pissing him off even further.

"I called you all here because I can smell war coming, I need to know who is and who is not on my side right now." 

Now everyone straightened up and faced him, but no one spoke. "Good. Athena, I want you to find out what is going on with the gods right now."

"Yes father," she vanished.

"Apollo, keep looking."

"Yes, father."

"Artemis, I want you to find my wife." She nodded and left.

"Hermes you're going to the Tartarus," after Hermes raised an eyebrow. "I need to know where his allegiance lies, the last thing I want is to be stabbed in the back by an opponent I wasn't prepared for."

After Hermes' quick exit, Zeus walked out of the throne room and headed out.
