 I am still looking for an editor. Anyone interested can contact me through my profile.

Thanks for reading.

***

The two settled in his room after passing through the security and him flashing his school ID. 

It felt weird. Having the opposite sex in his room for the first time was one thing, having a goddess, if what she claims is even true, was something else. 

"Can I get you something to drink, a beer maybe?" Having nothing to say, he decided to opt for an excuse to keep himself busy.

"A beer will be fine, do you mind if I sit here?" She asked innocently that he almost tripped. Just a few minutes ago he was sure he was about to have his hands around her neck.

"Not at all." He replied as he went through his freezer.

He was glad his roommate went for sleep over at his girlfriend's. He didn't feel comfortable trying to explain the situation he was in. Events keep piling up on him since his arrest that night. 

He got two bottles from the mini freezer his roommate received as a gift and joined the quite beautiful goddess sitting on his favorite couch, watching his every move.

He handed her the beer and sat on the other couch. "Where did Adrastea go?" 

"Is that what you really want to know?" She smiled at him. She had perfect teeth and whiter than he thought possible.

"I don't know. What am I?" He adjusted his posture to a more comfortable position.

"I still don't have the proper term to define you other than tell you. You have quite a lot power in you than you can imagine." 

"A demigod?" 

"Nope. You weren't sired by any god or goddess, and neither were you sired by both... or swallowed before birth. You are quite unique." Again she smiled, and he had to bite his tongue just so not return her infectious smile.

"The closest word I could think of is incarnate. You're also your own individual with power residing in you, but you still qualify as its original owner. Think of it this way, you inherited his power and pretty much made it your own, and now its manifesting itself."

"Wait for a second, whose power did I inherit and what happened to him? Aren't you guys supposed to be immortal, at least from what the myths describe?" He switched his posture again, this time he leaned forward.

"We were, at least until a few decades ago. Something happened that made us all vulnerable. As it stands now, we can all die. And stop calling us myths, we're very much real." She finished with a scowl.

"So I can live my life peaceful without you guys interfering since I'm no Zeus." Raymond breathed a sigh and took a large gulp of his beer.

"I don't think it's that simple. My father Zeus was killed for a reason. There is nothing that will stop his killers from coming after you in fear that you may have been reincarnated, or they may be planning against you just in case you show up."

Athena took a slight pause as if recalling a lost memory before continuing, "there have been only rumors that there is a human who has the power of the gods. Right now your identity is a secret, but as you make waves by pulling off stunts like what you were about to do earlier, it won't take long before they take notice of you."

"So what, they are just gonna kill me for existing?" He frowned. "You just said it yourself. I'm not Zeus."

"I did, but that's just my opinion. Probably every god and supernatural will think you're nothing else but their king's incarnate. As to the kind of king you will be, will depend on how you treated them in your old life. Therefore, you can expect either hostility or hospitality." 

"So what now?" 

"I'm not gonna tell you how to live your life, Raymond." Athena smiled.

"What if I get attacked?" he frowned. 

"Then you'll have to defend yourself. I won't be your personal bodyguard on the clock. I have things to do like you will, not for long. If it makes you feel any better, chances of you getting attacked are fifty-fifty. No one would want to gauge your power level at this moment unless they are sure they will come out on top. So there's that." 

Finishing her beer. "I hope I've shed some light as to what is currently happening now." She stood up and placed the empty can on the table before switching her gaze to find him staring at her. "What?"

"You not exactly what I pictured as a goddess. You act completely human." 

"I thought that would be normal from a human's perspective, as you slowly integrate into divinity." 

"What if I don't want any of this, I want to be left alone?" 

"Well, even if we could, how long do you think you will last with the humans? When you start doing things that you shouldn't be able to do. What happens when you stop aging or start popping around demigods?" For the first time since they met, she frowned. 

"What should I do then?" 

"Enjoy your life as a human as much as you can, but know that your body is changing, every minute, every hour, and every day. Sooner or later you will hurt someone by just getting a little annoyed at them. Then you'll have to start hiding." 

"I've lived as a human all my life without any incident." He said, more to reassure himself on his situation rather than argue his stand. 

"That was because we protected you." Raymond's head shot up to stare at Athena. "Yes, the nuns you so thought aren't really nuns. And also, much of Zeus life when growing up isn't impressive. Do you know why? Because he started coming into his powers when he became an adult. You're eighteen. Your abilities are gradually manifesting, but with power surges like the ones you've had, you could speed up the process entirely." 

"What power surges?" 

"I think you know what I'm talking about. Now I will be going. One more thing." She said before turning to face him, "tell that stupid Centaur to remember why he is here." 

"Centaur?" but Athena disappeared before it clicked in his mind.

It was now dawning on him just how much of his life he had no control over. He was slightly pissed, but at his current state of exhaustion he just dropped on his sofa and blacked out.

***

"Dude... Dude... Duuude." A distant voice and someone poking him in the ribs brought Raymond out of his deep slumber as he trained his sensitive eyes to see his roommate. 

"What... time is it?" he asked mid-yawn.

"A little over nine." 

Raymond shot up, "shit! I'm late." 

Charles laughed "kidding you. It's seven a.m. You still got an hour to prepare." He added.

Groaning, he dropped his head back into the pillow and closed his eyes. "Dude! Wake up. You shouldn't be missing classes this early during your course." 

Getting no response, he grabbed Raymond by the shoulders and raised him up to a sitting position. 

"Is this some kind of a Centaur thing?" A slightly agitated Ray grumbled. He could then feel Charles freeze and guessed he thought it was still a secret.

"Yeah! I know who you are, imagine my luck. I mean what are the odds of having a Centaur as a roommate out of all the creatures in mythology." 

"Are you suggesting that I'm inadequate?" the Centaur folded his arms and glared at Ray.

"Hey sorry, I was just joking man, nothing serious." 

He was rewarded by screeching laughter, "relax, just messing with you. You didn't think I was gonna go all Tyson on you? Poor Thundergod." 

"Don't call me that. My name is Raymond, and I'm no Thundergod." 

"For now." Charles grinned.

"Got to ask, how are..." 

"Human?" Charles finished for him, "transformation magic. Something I learned a long time ago. It helps me blend in with the humans as one of them," he replied. "Now enough of today's morning lessons, time for some real-life classes. You should get ready if you don't wanna be late," he finished and left for his room. Leaving Ray to debate whether he felt like going to school or not. In the end, going won and he lazily stood and marched to his room to freshen up.

Taking a quick shower, he caught his reflection in the mirror as he walked out of their shared bathroom and was surprised to see a few drastic changes that happened to his body. He could feel a lot more muscles in his upper body than he felt yesterday. His chest had widened a little bit. Taking a tape measure, he had gone from forty-six to forty-nine in one night. He just hoped he wasn't going to get any bigger than he wanted.

Observing his facial features, he could see little signs of a stubble forming and had a smile planted on his face, at least one of the things was going on for him. While brushing his teeth, his mind went back to the male cop as he explained the zero effects of a stun gun an officer used on him. By the time he was done brushing, he had made up his mind. Throwing caution to the wind, he quickly rinsed his mouth, picked a screw driver and went for his bedroom socket.

Cautiously opening it, he located the live wire and carefully unscrewed it, taking good care not to touch the exposed part. Having set it free, he paused to look around as if expecting someone to stop him but found no one. Slowly, he inched his dominant arm and wiggled his fingers closer to the exposed wire. With just a few centimeters left, a tendril of electricity quickly left the cable to latch onto his index finger.

He quickly jerked his hand back in surprise but didn't feel any pain afterward. He expected someone to interrupt him at any moment now, but all he heard was a fairly loud thumping in his chest as his heart raced. Taking a few deep breaths, he tried to relax and wipe his sweaty hands. 

Bolder now, he grabbed the whole exposed wire and felt a good amount of electricity rushing into him that made him slightly giddy, but it soon passed. Unknown to him, the lights in his room began to dim and quickly spread to the whole apartment. 

Within seconds of his consumption, the whole block started experiencing a brownout. The doors to his room were violently kicked open, the lock readily giving in to the inhuman force behind the kick made Raymond jump to face the door.

Charles had seen the slight flickering of light at first and ignored, but when the lights began dimming at long irregular intervals, he had only one person in mind and Charles was completely worried by what he could be doing. He rushed to his bedroom only to find him totally nude and his entire body bathed in electrical sparks. 

"I see you've just discovered fire. So cave man, do you mind stopping before you rob us of any little power we've got left at the sub-station."

"Man! You should've seen it. It was incredible. I can siphon freaking electricity." 

"Yeah, yeah. I already know that and a lot other electric powers you are capable of. Still won't make you early for classes, its seven forty-five." He said and turned to leave. Unlike Ray, he was completely dressed anew. 

"I'll be done in a sec." He quickly dressed, and the two walked out.

...

Outside Raymond could feel a change in how he perceived his world. He felt a connection to the very air he breathed. It was like an extension of his very own conscious. Yesterday his world was relatively normal to him, but now his senses were much sharper, and if he didn't know any better he could've sworn he had acquired something akin to an extra sense.

The first thing that wafted past his nose was the smell of his friend's shampoo, Charles was a good ten feet ahead of him heading for his jeep. All around him smells of other perfumes mixed with all sorts of strange smells he couldn't piece together. Deciding to ignore everything, he got to the other side of the jeep and jumped in. The campus was two miles away, and he usually preferred walking with today being the exception as he was late.

"So, just how many supernatural creatures are out there?" Raymond asked after buckling up.

"A lot more than you could imagine," Charles replied before turning on the ignition.

"Are vampires real?"

"Not exactly." He chuckled.

"What about gods?"

"Some live among humans while others prefer their own places or dominions."

"What about Aphrodite?" Raymond asked, little excitement laced his voice.

"Don't go there bro, besides she's way out of your league."

"Can't blame me for trying?" he shrugged.

"I know, but I would start with the lower deities, Sprites, and Nymphs should do. Then go for the lesser gods, a few titans then the greater gods, within no time you should be smashing Zeus' record."

"I don't think I'm into that." Raymond's face had a bit of bewilderment in it.

"Giving up before you even start? Sometimes I forget you were raised like a human. Don't be shy. If you want something, just ask. You'll be surprised by how many yeses you will get. We supernatural aren't big on taboos and shaming. With the exception of those that are married. And even they are debatable."

"So what, it's like a free for all fuckfest?"

"In a way, yeah." Charles grinned while his eyes were glued to the road

"No thanks." Ray sighed and leaned back into his seat.

"You say that now."

They reached campus, and both got out. "See you after class," Charles said before throwing his bag over his shoulder and left leaving Raymond behind to trot towards his block slowly. It was the Applied Sciences School. His first lecture, Health Education. 

Taking the stairs, he stopped at his destination on the third floor. The first double doors were to the men's toilet situated at the end of the hall followed by a series of numbered rooms. Reaching his, at room B112, he wasn't surprised to find a class already in progress. He politely knocked and entered, picking the furthest chair in the back and sat.

Just a few feet on his right was another occupant. A short diminutive girl with flame hair. She was busy typing on her phone, but as if on instinct she stopped to glance at him for about three seconds before continuing with whatever she was texting. Ray paid her no attention and got out his writing materials.

About three minutes to the end of class, the flame-haired girl turned to face him. "What are you?"

"Ray." He frowned without looking at her.

She rolled her eyes, "not that, I mean species?" 

"Homo sapiens." He shrugged.

"Seriously?" The girl now frowned.

"What else is there?" Ray turned to face her, this time raising both his eyebrows questioningly.

"You're not human, that I'm a hundred percent sure. But I can't place you generally. Unless you are a chimera."

"Huh! Is this your standard intro with total strangers?" Ray asked a bit wearily.

"Tell you what, my friends and I are ditching the rest of our lectures. We're going to hang out on the beach. You can join if you want?"

"No thanks, I've been in enough trouble already," Ray replied before packing everything and getting out to go for his second lecture of the day. The last thing he wanted right now was to be a supernatural groupie. 

"Hey! Wait up," the flame-haired girl lightly jogged after him. "I'm Emma by the way." She caught up with him in the hallways.

"Raymond." He replied nonchalantly without slowing down for her. At his current pace, she could only keep up with a light jog.

"So you're not going to tell me what you are?"

"I don't know you?"

"Really, I'm an Oceanid." She stated it proudly like it should mean something to him

"How did you know I'm not..."

"Human? Your aura, if you could call it that, but it's mostly a feeling."

"How come I can't feel you?" He asked while at the same time trying to find anything resembling an aura that he could read.

"I masked mine."

"Also I'm not sure what you meant by Oceanid."

"Mmmh! You're strange. Come with us, and I'll show you?" She grabbed Ray's hand, but he didn't follow.

"I can't." Ray sadly replied, swinging his bag over his shoulders and began descending the stairs, three at a time, and into the hallway on the second floor as he once rushed for his lecture.

"How about later tonight. Tomorrow is Saturday, so no excuses?" Raymond was slightly startled. He thought he had left her a good distance behind him only for her to appear right at his side again. She didn't even look winded.

"I'll think about it."

"I'll take that as a yes. Can I have your number?" She asked triumphantly, causing to Raymond chuckle inwardly. 

"I guess."

After handing out his number, Raymond went straight for the restrooms and splashed cold water on his face only to stare in the mirror. Now he had to deal with the crazy supernatural outside his apartment. His situation was beginning to get somewhat complicated, and too soon for his tastes. He should definitely find a way to blow her off. 

As he was musing about to himself, he caught sight of movement at the corner of his eyes and could swear he saw a ghost. Turning quickly, he didn't see anyone. He only got a glimpse of it through the large mirror in front of him and was out of his peripheral vision the moment he focused on it. 

"Hello?" He spoke to the empty washroom.

No one replied. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breathe in and out before opening them and turning back to the mirror. His eyes glowed blue, and he could smell the change in the air. It was the same smell he smelled when he almost went all out on Adrastea. 

He almost placed it but was shocked out of his reverie by ducking at an incoming hook. Coming back up, he made the mistake of turning without getting out of danger first. His mistake was apparent as he was now pushed further on the defensive by having to lean back to avoid another hook aimed at his jaw.

"What the fuck!" Taking two rapid steps to the side, he appraised his attacker. "What the fuck Charles?"

"Good, you are improving," Charles replied, not at all bothered by his outburst.

"Improving? What the hell was that?" Ray growled.

"I was testing your abilities. You're quicker than you look, much quicker."

"Fuck off!" Raymond brushed him off and walked out of the toilet.

"Okay. Maybe I'm doing this the wrong way but, Ray it's for your own good trust me." He closely followed him behind. 

"I don't need any of that. I'm not gonna fight in your stupid divine war."

"No normal person ever does. And when the fight gets to you, believe it or not, you will fight. Besides didn't Athena already tell you what I'm here for, both for your protection and to prepare you for your godhood."

"Thanks, not interested. And being a friend isn't a lot to ask either."

"Oh! You will be, believe me. And I am your friend, consider this as me looking out for you. Got to run."

Raymond went for his second lecture, thankfully with no more incidences. Even his third went smoothly. He later went straight for the library and browsed a few books on Greek Mythology. 

First thing he did was check up on anything that talked about Zeus and wasn't surprised when there was nothing detailed about his death. After his unsuccessful search for anything relating to the death of Zeus, he sighed and gave up but still managed to carry a few extra books just in case he missed anything. 

Outside the sun had just began to set, reminding him of just how much time flew while he deep in his search. He took his usual route home. 

"Can I join you?" He heard a female voice ask.

"If I say no, would that stop you?"

"If that's what you want then I will," Athena replied.

"Never mind. Just don't sneak up on me. I've had enough of things sneaking up on me."

"What do you mean things?"

Exhaling, "I thought I saw a ghost today, but it could be my imagination. I'm experiencing a lot new and strange things lately. Did you order Charles to attack me as a way of training?"

"I told him to prepare for you to at least be able to handle yourself against the supernatural riffraff. Just like the ghost you encountered, though I believe that one was more of wandering than anything. Since you are of divine power, you will be able to see souls, ghosts and very many unusual creatures that would otherwise be completely invisible to your average human."
