 A medium height man walked into the large busy hospital and slowly strolled past the lobby full of waiting patients. He paused as if to map the area, quickly identifying the receptionist. Dressed in a black suit and a pair of shades, he was an oddity. On his way to the reception, he garnered a few glances and stares from several patients and staff alike.

"I'd like to see Dr. Spencer." 

"And you are?" 

"John, he's expecting me." 

The nurse nodded and picked up the receiver probably to get ahold of the doctor. A few moments later she put it down, "fourth floor, second door to your left."

He nodded back at the nurse before he turned and headed for the elevators. The nurse followed him with her gaze for a few moments before she diverted her attention to the next patient who was next in line.

He knew his timing was off thanks to traffic and the doctor was soon to start his night shift as the attending ER physician. The fact that he still accepted their meeting meant the intel was critical and would be worth the trip all the way from D.C.

The chiming of the elevator subconsciously triggered him to start walking, and he went straight to the doctor's office. He made a slight knock before entering to find the man seated and slightly tapping on his hardwood office desk.

"Doctor Spencer." 

The doctor gave him a quick glance before replying. "You certainly take your time." 

"Traffic, I didn't realize rush-hours were nightmares in Argo," John replied as he took a seat.

"You'll get used to it. I have less than ten minutes before my shift starts, so I hope this meeting will be as brief as possible." The doctor said before pulling a drawer and fishing out a file. 

He handed it to John before pushing back the drawer. "He was brought in yesterday just as I was about to finish my shift and was in pretty bad shape."

"How bad? And English please." John asked, slightly more curious as he went through the file.

"He had three broken limbs, a crushed chest, punctured lung, internal bleeding, ruptured spleen, heavily damaged liver, serious head trauma and that's not mentioning the swelling of his brain. He had a very faint heartbeat, but we worked on him and were able to get him out of danger." 

"Must have been one hell of a beating."

"Under normal circumstances, he shouldn't have survived, but interestingly enough he got better and better by the hour. The next thing we know he had disappeared at the crack of dawn."

"I assume you didn't contact any local authorities?"

"No, I didn't, and I made sure none of the nurses did too."

"Did you see exactly what happened while he was in your care?" 

"Well, over the course of the next four hours his condition was alarmingly improving. His bruises were all gone, a quick CT scan showed his internal bleeding wholly healed together with his damaged organs. His bones were as good as new at that point.

So, we put him under observation, one of the detectives walked by when he was brought in and said he knew him, he spent a few moments with the patient before leaving." 

"Who brought him in?" John asked.

"His friend, at least that was what he said he was. Sorry didn't get to know his name. Though he told us the patient's name was Justin Walker."

"Is that what his ID said," John asked speculatively. 

"Yeah. He was there during his surgery before he left for almost an hour. I'm guessing to get freshened up." 

"Then?" John closed his file and focused his gaze on the doctor as if to capture every detail of his story.

"I'm not sure, but one of the nurses said she saw him come back and a few minutes later the patient's monitors began to blare. The nurses were first on the scene before I was paged. I rushed in to find him gone, his castings dumped on the floor." 

"Anything on the security cameras." 

"Nothing, they avoided them rather skillfully on their way out."

There was a long pause as the guy in a suit went through the file again as if matching the story with the data in it.

"Okay Doc, I will need the detective's name, security footage when they were brought in and his blood work."

"The Doctor smiled before extracting another object from his drawer. This time it was a large parcel. That's the only copy; there is also the Detective's number and the Patient's DNA, prints and a few other details I could gather secretly."

John grabbed the package together with the file and placed them in his case.

"Sorry but times up, I took the liberty of getting more info about him by reaching out to a few of my friends, and none of them have ever heard of him. He has no medical history whatsoever. It turns out he's also not from around here." Spencer finished while looking at his watch, "I believe you can find your way out." He added before leaving John behind.

"Interesting fellow," John muttered to himself.

Outside the hospital, John got in his car before phoning in. "I found another one... I don't know about this one, but he looks promising...We need to get him before he disappears Sir, they always do... Thank you, Sir, I'll set up a base here and get it done...yes, Sir.? 

Switching on the ignition, he drove off with a slight smile plastered on his face; he was going to take his time and extreme precaution with this one. Without a doubt, he was going to be the best test subject he will ever meet.

***

It had been a week since the revelation, and he couldn't stop thinking about his mother. The mother he never knew, somehow, he felt guilty for never asking about her. She had been dead all this time not having the chance to actually see her son grow up to the specimen of a man he was today.

The sound of metal hitting bone resonated throughout the warehouse as Raymond found himself on the floor for the thousandth time. Raymond groaned internally as he tried to hide his agony while at the same time heard someone laughing at his expense.

"You zoned out again, focus." Charles chided as he resumed his stance. 

He was impossible to beat. He tried everything he could ever think of, but so far nothing seemed to work on him. He was finally tempted to just blast him away for a change. It should put him on the laughing end at very least.

They had spent the next two days after he got back from home furnishing the warehouse. It was now fully equipped with a sparring mat, various training equipment, some he never knew existed; it was also a part-time gym. His surprise came when he tried benching the weights and realized he could top out at one thousand pounds doing two reps of three before breaking a sweat.

Ray had been proud of his record until Charles grabbed the same weight and did ten reps of five bicep curls like it was nothing. He was however slightly relieved when Jane claimed she could only top out at nine hundred pounds. Adding salt to injury, Charles never let up on his amusement about the highest bench press weak humans could do was a lot closer to his best until Ray had enough of it and sprang into action once more.

It had been a strenuous ten-minute brawl that had him bruised, cut, broken and bleeding but he wasn't going to give up without spilling some blood of his own. It's a good thing he could now heal during combat, and that's what still kept him in the fight. The whole place was completely trashed. 

He picked up a fifty-pound dumbbell and made another charge at Charles who smiled and got into a stance with a weight bar behind his back and his left arm extended in front of him.

Ray threw a powerful right at his lowered head only to be sidestepped, the resulting momentum made him lose his footing. A jab was made on his lower side, hitting squarely at his liver. 

"Argh!" He groaned, once again he was on his knees. 

Getting up, an idea popped into his head; but it could be risky. He had just finished healing his broken nose and was now focusing on his liver.

The last time he had used it his eyes were closed, and Charles rules only mention on using electricity and air as being prohibited. There was nothing said about this. Looking at Charles, he too smiled before focusing on the space behind him and mentally pulled it to him. With his eyes opened, this time he could easily see himself zoom into his destination; literally going through Charles.

Another smack resonated in the warehouse but this time it was his dumbbell; he was lucky to manage a block. 

"Good, I was beginning to wonder if you had a tactical mind at all."

"How did..."

"I trained with a teleporter before there isn't much to expect apart from sneak attacks and once you're aware of your surroundings, it shouldn't be had to counter." A quick glance at Jane. "No offense love." He was however met with a sneer. "And you my friend are rather slow and predictable I could actually do it blindfolded."

"Yeah like how you sneaked into the palace and stole Zeus' golden chalice." Jane scoffed.

"What! He stole from Zeus?"

"That was a long time ago when I used to be a soldier. It was a big deal back then. Zeus was this all-powerful ruler, so having something to show my fellow soldiers gave me status." Charles said.

"Were you caught?" Ray asked.

"Eventually, well Athena did personally see to it that the culprit was found. After a few days of investigation, she realized it was her own soldier. Luckily for him she forgave him and swept everything under the rug." Jane finished the story.

While she explained, another idea popped into his mind. "I guess no one has yet to train you against this?" Charles raised his right brow as he contemplated what he meant. 

Raymond sprang into action again, this time he tried something entirely different. Closing his eyes, he let his conscious spread out of his body. 

"What are you doing?"

"Wait for it." 

"You know I could crack your skull open right now, and it's exactly what will happen when you get into a real fight."

"Give it your best shot."

Charles responded with another swing aimed for his head. Without moving or even opening his eyes, the dumbbell he held dropped from his hands, as he quickly searched for a weapon. The view was so surreal as he could see Charles from a three-sixty-degree standpoint and it became much easier to tell what he was going for. 

He immediately commanded his body to move just like he would a video game character only instead of a console, all he had to do was will it.

His body responded and leaned backward to allow the blow to pass. His opponent's brow rose before he frowned and went for two rapid strikes aimed at both his chest and head. At that moment Raymond realized how advantaged he was when he saw his body movements and got his body out of the way again rather swiftly. He gave out little nervous laughter. Charles quickly recovered his balance and resumed his stance while glancing around the warehouse. 

"I thought I said no powers."

"Nope, you said no offensive blasts. You had no qualms with me using the aether." Raymond was surprised when he heard his disembodied voice, but it wasn't coming from his mouth. "Wait that's cool." He, however, didn't get much of a chance as Charles came at him again; a low swing, aiming for his chest. 

Raymond chose that opportunity to push his limits and picked a metal bar before he blocked the strike. He decision became a blunder when the blow never connected, at least not to his chest. His knee paid the price. 'It was a feint, damn it!' The pain that shot throughout his body forced his spread-out conscious back to his now kneeling body. "That's cheating."

"It's not, I bluffed, and you fell for it. That's lesson number three today. Your opponent won't always follow through with their attacks. It will be up to you to remain alert on the possibilities." 

"How will I know they're bluffing?" Raymond asked as he rubbed his sore knee. 

"You won't right off the bat, that's why you should work on your stance. It will make your recovery much quicker for the real attack, other than that. Body language for starters. Most fighters won't invest more in their feint so that they can save power for the real attack." 

He finished by artistically twirling his rod before resting it behind his back with the tip touching the floor. "I'd say that's enough for today. You can clean up after this." He went straight for the makeshift shower and had a set of fresh clothes before he and Jane hoped into his jeep and left.

Raymond remained cursing as he slowly began levitating several scattered equipment into place. He had been thoroughly working on his telekinesis ever since he started bending air. At first, he used direct compressed air for the job, but it became frustrating when it came to balancing as most of the objects tended to topple or just spill over if it was liquid.

That was until he realized he could just will things with his mind by focusing on the already existing air surrounding them rather than adding more on it. It made his work a lot easier as basically almost everything was surrounded by air. It didn't hurt either being silent and subtle as the whooshing of displaced air always gave it away when he used compressed air.

His mastery of air had definitely improved a lot. With little focus, he could now release controlled gusts of winds at a target and the harder he tried, the more force he garnered behind his attacks to the point where he accidentally ripped apart their makeshift shower. Surprisingly Charles never said anything about it when they were fixing it earlier yesterday.

Closing his eyes, he let his conscious spread out once more. Soon he had the layout of the entire warehouse. One by one equipment and assortments of other objects floated into place, and he was done in under a minute. He also noticed his tendency to get tired lessened over the last few days with him trying to catch his breath after been chased down by dogs to going through an entire day's worth of activities and feeling no worse for wear.

With his work done, he slowly spread his conscious further out soaring across the warehouse, spreading even further. One thing that baffled him was the more he spread his conscious, the more it grew. His brain was now as big as the warehouse if he could try and elaborate. 

Deciding to go further, he pushed his awareness outside the building and was immediately assaulted by a myriad of sounds, mostly from the nearby traffic and a nearby construction site that had a big cement mixer running. Zooming in on the traffic he saw Charles's jeep having entered Highway 6. 

He was probably going to meet up with a bunch of Centaurs and catch up with their current affairs. That thought made him chuckle, and he once again heard his voice resonating through the air that he had to remind himself not to speak while in this form.

Another sound that caught his attention were bird chirps. Focusing, he saw several Seagulls camped on top of the warehouse he was in, and several others were flying around seemingly aimlessly. He targeted one of few perched on the rooftop and brought his conscious closer to it. It continued with its inactivity staring blankly into space.

He began to imagine himself like the bird curiously and wasn't surprised when his view changed, and he now found himself seeing through the bird's eye. What changed, however, was the range, he was initially taken off-guard with the level of detail he received by looking at far objects that he usually wouldn't pick out while back in his body. 

Just out of instinct he commanded the bird to fly, and it immediately launched itself into the air, spreading out its wings flattening its tail in the process. With a downstroke of its wings, it soared through the air as it gathered speed. They were soon flying along the coastline, passing several boats and people.

Tilting his wings down and to the left, while using his tail as a rudder, he picked up the direction into the city and was soon zipping past skyscrapers. Glancing through glass walls and windows, he spotted several people busy in their offices, something he hoped would be him one day. 

Picking a new direction, he started soaring up and up, putting more and more effort as he fought the crushing effects of gravity, surprisingly he didn't black out and choked it out to the bird's biology. 

He kept pushing the poor things limits until he was freely surfing through the clouds he could barely get a glimpse of the city's skyline as the smoky clouds engulfed his whole body. The experience was exhilarating. There he was on his first flight. He would have never thought possible in a million years. For a moment he was glad he had all those abilities, and he knew going back to be the average kid wasn't an option, not with the thought of losing all this freedom.

After what seemed like an eternity he tilted his body to the right while adjusting his tail like a rudder picking his route back to the city. He then slowly angled his body directly making for the warehouse. Steadily, he picked up speed and soon he felt the wind splashing his streamlined body as he further gained speed. 

He was soon sure he was moving faster than any sports car built by man. From a distance, he quickly picked the warehouse using his enhanced vision.

Something caught his eyes. There was two black SUV and a white van, judging by the lack of license plates, a chill ran up his spine. Closing his eyes again he forced his conscious out of the poor bird and immediately sucked himself back to his body. 

Opening his eyes, he was met by a strange face patiently seated across him waiting. He didn't look at all provoking, but he wasn't going to let that stop him from raising his guard. 

"Can I help you with something?" Raymond asked, doing a poor job hiding the slight tremor in his voice.

"Yeah, I suppose you could. You're Raymond, right?"

"What do you want with Raymond?"

"I have questions for you. Let's say your recent activities have caught the eye of very weary and cautious people. I'm here on behalf of them. I would like for you to come with me." 

"Thanks for the offer but I'll have to say no," Ray replied as he rose up. Stretched his limbs eliciting a groan. His stomach chose that time to remind him of his hunger. 

"I was hoping we could do this the easy way. If you would just come with me, I promise you will be back by Monday morning."

"I'm not going anywhere with you," Ray replied a little more defensive this time. He ignored the stranger and went for his bag where he had a fresh set of clothes he could change into. 

"Moving in for extraction." He heard the man murmured behind his back. It's a good thing his hearing had drastically improved within the past few weeks. He was now able to pick up even the tiniest of whispers in a crowd if he focused and right now his senses were already in overdrive the moment he knew he had company.

A moment later he picked up several footsteps approaching the front warehouse and several more coming from different locations outside the warehouse.1

They must have concealed more of their vehicles a little further for stealth based on their numbers. He guessed this wasn't their first takedown further raising his already high adrenaline levels. He could feel the hair on his body standing as the tell-tale sparks of electricity started manifesting on his fingers. Someone was going to get hurt.

The Stranger silently leaned on one of the support pillars as he observed his target's behavior. He had to admit. This one was by far the least violent assignment he has ever dealt with. Most of them tended to attack him right after he expressed his intentions. He loved the thrill it brought. Pretty much all confrontations ended up with him having to defend himself and was taken off guard when he was ignored by Raymond.

That was the biggest insult to his ego, and he was going to personally see to it that Raymond understood. A chilly smile spread on his face as he approached the target, his back turned to him. He suddenly stopped as he saw a change in his demeanor. Gone was the indifferent attitude only to be replaced by a predatory posture as his hands turned to fists. He could swear he saw a few sparks but quickly disappeared as fast as they appeared.
