 Author's note: I noticed something peculiar when I went through my story. I messed up the timelines and some few things I wanted to retcon like abilities and some scenes. In my defense, when I started this story I was deep in fantasy land and wrote whatever that came to my mind, this turned out to be a mistake. By the start of chapter four, I had a more structured Universe in mind which I'm still exploring. However, the Plot is still intact. 

My current Universe is definitely different from my Original Universe when I started. I was mostly reliant of the Original Mythology but as the story progressed my Universe became more and more independent from the Original Myths. I'm glad it did because now I can do anything with it without having to reconcile some of the unrealistic (even by fictional standards in my opinion) views that the Old Greeks had of their Universe (no offense). 

That and the fact that Literotica doesn't allow editing features once your story is published. So, I decided to redo the first three chapters while I continue with my story. If Literotica would allow, then I'll have the retconned chapters combined and published as one by next year. In the meantime, here is chapter four. 

Millennia ago 

Ares ran across the lawn and into the palace. His father had just returned from The War. They had won against the Giants who had been laying siege at Olympus. Across the massive corridors, he cruised through them with unrelenting stamina only to hit someone as he approached a corner. 

"Watch where you're going, Ares." Hestia chided. 

She was her favorite aunt. She always had the patience to put up with his antics. Unlike her other aunt and sometimes his mother, Aunt Hestia also never turned him away, and right now she reached down to pick him up from the floor. Ares quickly jumped back- he may be young- but he wasn't that young. 

He hastily picked the left hallway and broke into a sprint while laughing at Hestia's mock growls, "come back here, you little god." 

Ares knew he couldn't outrun her if she wanted it but that wouldn't stop him from trying. With a thirty-yard head start, he could work something out. Just as he was thinking, he heard her footsteps picking up speed. A quick glance over his shoulder, he saw Hestia coming after him. He gave out a small shriek before going full sprint hoping he would last long enough to reach the end of the hallway. 

His prayers were answered as he made it to the end of the hallway with still a good portion of a lead. He took the giant flight of stairs, one at a time for his four and a half-feet frame. He came to the end of the first flight and into the first corridor he could find, this one was filled with several rooms, and he picked the first one he could see. 

It was one of the many guest chambers inside the colossal palace. To anyone new to the palace, they would be lost entirely for days if not weeks before they even came close to becoming familiar with the rows upon rows of hallways that connected the hundreds of rooms; some of which were also interconnected. Fortunately for him, he'd been living in the palace for over ten good years, and by now he knew every room like the back of his hand. 

For a moment he was alone, and the only sound he could pick out was that of his pounding heart; his back against the large doors. He didn't wait for long though when he heard a voice that he almost missed at first, but he heard it again. It took him a good five seconds to figure out it was someone moaning; a woman to be precise. 

Opening his eyes, he glanced at the direction of the sound, and he was able to see two figures. He couldn't make out their faces but rather their movements behind curtains of the big canopy bed. 

One of the figures had their head buried in the other figure's chest. Their hands holding the second figure in place. The second figure appeared to be feebly pushing against the first figure, but it wasn't enough to warrant a struggle. 

Out of curiosity, he slowly moved towards the bed. Halfway to it, he was once again able to pick out vague sounds. But the more he got closer the clearer he could hear until he could now listen to them; it was barely a whisper. 

"Please- your wife- will find us. She's going to kill me-" The second figure spoke mid-gasps in a feminine voice. 

"I masked our sounds, you could scream all you feel like, no one outside of this room will hear us. Don't worry about my wife, no harm shall come towards you; you have my word." A deep male voice proclaimed. 

Ares' heart froze, his legs rooted to the floor. A flurry of emotions swept his mind but the most prominent being anger. Without thinking, he grabbed the curtain and pulled it with all his might. 

There he was, his idol. The person he adored and pretty much worshipped the ground he walked on. Still donned in his battle armor, had his hands around someone else he knew wasn't his mother. 

The two figures turned to look at the intruder, and for a moment Ares thought his father would rip his head off judging by the look of pure fury that was the norm for Zeus. It was soon replaced with a calm, calculating expression complimented by a smile. 

"Son, how did you get here? Never mind." He said before getting off the bed and grabbing his hand. "Come with me, there are lots of stories to tell you. We won the war." 

For a moment Ares didn't budge, his eyes completely fixed on the woman who by now had her hands on her chest; trying all she could to cover her ample bosom. He twisted his arm, freeing it and immediately lunged for the bewildered woman. He was almost at her throat when he felt large, muscular arms grabbing his waist and yanking him back until he was pressed against his attacker's chest. An arm snaked its way around his waist and held him firmly in place. 

"Let me go!" 

"Now Ares, calm down." 

"No! Let me go. MOTHER!" Ares screamed. 

The door opened but it wasn't his mother, it was Hestia who walked in. "Found ..." 

Her words were cut short once she had the time to take in the scene. 

"Nothing happened here," his father said, and Hestia nodded. Ares wanted to protest again, but the world began rushing by as he was fed too much information he ended up closing his eyes and tried to erase all the flurry images that he experienced. 

"Open your eyes son." 

He did as he was told. They were on the shore at a place he had no recollection of. "Where are we?" 

"Somewhere south of home." 

"Why father?" 

"You needed some fresh air and time to cool off, trust me, it's best to make your decisions with a cooler head. Unlike you, I learned that the hard way." 

"Why are you doing this to mother?" 

"I don't know son... rough childhood, boredom, curiosity, or maybe I'm compensating for something. The world isn't as simple as you might think Ares." 

"That's not good enough, I'm telling mother." 

"And then what? She will likely kill her but still be angry for the next decade if not a century. As much as you may hate it, Maia doesn't deserve to be killed. Not to mention, tomorrow is a big day for you. Your mother is happy and looking forward to your Awakening." Zeus said, he was crouched, and his eyes were now level with Ares' small stature. 

"Promise me you won't do it again?" 

"I won't." 

"No, swear by the River Styx." 

"Ares, I'm the god of oaths, my promise alone is enough. You have to trust me." 

"Okay." 

... 

Ares was seated on a raised seat designed just for him next to his mother. He looked at all the faces gathered in the great chamber. His father, also seated next to him to his left rose up and picked up his golden chalice. 

"To victory!" He raised his goblet, and several others raised theirs in unison. 

"To victory!" 

Sat next to his father was Athena, his older sister. Next to her was Herakles his mortal brother followed by Dionysus who was seated next to his Aunt Demeter and finally at the furthest end opposite to his father was the Mighty Poseidon. 

On his mother's side was Aphrodite, The Moirai; all three of them. They were followed by Hades; a rare sight. Hekate was the last one before you went back to Poseidon. 

These were his father's most trusted generals that helped him win the war, they all formed the council of gods. 

"Moving forward. Today I want you all to welcome a new member to the council," he paused to look at Ares. Taking it as his cue, Ares rose to his feet. 

"I'm ready for my awakening father." 

"Good, for tonight you shall rise amongst our ranks and take your place at the table." 

The Awakening was something all second-generation Olympians went through. It determined what god you were. It was one of the most critical moments in a young god's life. Unlike the first gods, the young gods could bypass the period it takes them to naturally wake into their powers. 

It happened to Dionysius when Zeus was trying to hide him from Hera, he was a lot older than Ares was currently when he jumped into the River to get away, whatever happened from there on only Zeus and Hera know. 

But what everyone found out was the mystical properties of River awakened a god's power, regardless of age. It had been used since then on three other gods after Dionysus and was now a rite of passage. The ceremony itself took place in the Underworld. It involved taking a dunk into The Styx and whatever happened from there on was something only the Fates could tell. 

After the small celebration, a much bigger one was held in the great hall with dignitaries from across the globe in attendance, hundreds of gods and invited Supernatural alike joined in on the festivities. Wine and ambrosia flowed as gods immersed themselves into unrestrained hedonism as they let go of their worries for one day. 

To Ares, time flowed differently. His body was in a constant state of angst. As much as he looked forward to the ceremony, he couldn't help it but dread the possibility of being a disappointment. That wasn't without reason, he came from a very powerful bloodline. Son to two first-generation Olympians who also happen to be the children of the most powerful Titan in existence. He had some very big shoes to fill. 

His sister Athena filled hers, she was one of the most powerful if not the most powerful second-generation Olympian. Though her powers developed the old-fashioned way. Dionysus, on the other hand, came from virtually nothing but a tragic origin and still, he fought his way up the ranks to be worthy of a place alongside the bigwigs who called the shots in everything. 

It was now his turn, and the best he could do was second guess his potential. His father needed someone mighty, and he was sure as hell not going to disappoint. On the bright side, he'd be the youngest god in history to undergo the Awakening. 

The door to his chambers opened, and his mother walked in. His room was in darkness, but he heard her mutter a quick spell and the lamps all lit up the room. 

"How are you doing?" 

"I'll be fine, you don't have to check up on me every passing second." 

"And what mother will I be if I did that?" 

"My mother I hope." 

"Well, it's time. Come with me." 

Ares didn't believe her but a quick trip to the window and pushing aside the heavy drapes he was met with a dark sky full of stars. 

"Mà tòn Día!" 

"I thought you said you were fine," an amused Hera stated. She was answered with a growl. 

Grabbing his favorite cloak, he walked past his mother and headed for the door. "Let's not keep them waiting then." 

The two walked all the way and down to the basement. There they entered a particular room with double doors. Inside, the room was empty but what got Ares' attention was the floor. There was a star-shaped drawing. It was large enough to fit a fully transformed god, but that wasn't all. At the base of each point were runes, each different from the other. 

Inside the pentagram was a circle, unlike the star, it had no special features added to it. His mother walked into the middle of the ring before she turned to him and raised her hand, beckoning him to take it. 

"Are you ready?" She was however met with silence. She knew all too well what that silence meant. He was nervous, "Ares look at me." 

He slowly angled his gaze up to match his mother's own. "What if I'm weak, Father will be angry." 

"No, he won't, despite his flaws, there's nothing he loves more than his children. And you son are lucky you also have my love too. No matter what the outcome is, you'll still be our son." 

"What about you, does he love you?" 

"Of course, he does, why do you ask?" Hera got out of the circle and crouched in front of a ten-year-old Ares. 

"It's nothing let's go." Ares dismissed the topic and matched to the center of the circle, leaving Hera behind to contemplate his odd question. In all his life Ares always had a curious mind, perhaps too curious for his own good. So, him asking if his father loved her made Hera begin to believe there was a larger scheme at play. 

She wasn't stupid, she knew from the very beginning when she married Zeus he was a pathological womanizer. As much as she hated to admit it to herself, his antics got to her after centuries of cat-and-mouse chase. He was very good at it and had everything she was weak against; bravery, strength, daring, influence, you name it, he had it. When she accepted his hand in marriage, she knew she had only one flaw to deal with, and she could fix him. 

It had worked for more than seven centuries. Four of which he spent wooing her, he was relentless. Another three spent on their honeymoon, that was when his first transgression happened. He lusted after that mortal woman she could no longer remember the name. 

Unlike gods and all other immortals, mortals tend to populate like flies, and it didn't take long before she was pregnant. Zeus kept it a secret until she discovered it. Out of anger, she tricked the poor woman to ask Zeus to let her touch his Thunderbolt. Hera even told her to make Zeus swear by the River Styx. Funny thing was, he never breathed a word even after discovering it was her that orchestrated the whole thing. 

Last she heard was she died but not without Zeus saving her son. He hid him well and threatened to strike anyone with his Thunderbolt if they even dared to look for him. For a moment she thought he had learnt his lesson and all was good for at least another century. Now she had a feeling that something was up; she would get to the bottom of it. 

Taking Ares' hand, she spoke, "You remember the Aether spell?" 

"Yes." 

"Say it with me." 

"Ut auferat dissipate peribunt infernum." The two gods said in unison and disintegrated into a brown mist. 

Once they materialized, their view changed and Ares for the first time had his first glimpse of Hades. Memories of his mother's lessons flashed through his mind, he could still vividly remember every detail. 

Around fourteen billion years ago, Kaos created seven progenies; Gaia, Ouranos, Aether, Erebus, Nyx, Tartarus and Hemera. Each representing a portion of reality and together they form the Cosmos. 

There were however only four dimensions, Ouranos the dimension they lived in, Erebus; the darkness or dark dimension, Tartarus; Hades' dimension and Aether; the only dimension existing in all three. 

They were now in Tartarus, the dimension with no stars but still had light at least near its boundaries that it shares with Ouranos, this allows Hemera to sip in through Aether. Though if you go deeper, it gets darker and darker until you reach the boundary between Tartarus and Erebus where Kaos resides. 

Where they appeared wasn't far off from where they were going. River Styx, a mystical and the most sacred river in all existence. It is the source of all magic; one of the three powers that shape reality. Magic, Divine, and Cosmic powers. 

River Styx flowed endlessly across all of Tartarus and into Erebus, no one knows where it ends; no one knows where Erebus ended, at least no one is foolish enough to go deeper into Erebus. His mother began walking towards its source, Ares followed shortly after. He couldn't help it but be mesmerized by the glittering colorless water. Its gentle flow enthralling him into a hypnotic stupor. Reaching out with his hand, he was about to scoop up some of it when his hand was stopped by a much larger hand. 

"No, Ares. Remember your training, don't let the river overpower you." 

Ares shook his head and began to focus on his mantra. As a magic sensitive being, being near the river flooded him with raw magical power. The effects tend to get more bearable as you grow older and your magical affinity becomes more seasoned. 

Soon they were at the sacred grounds. They climbed onto an elevated ground that was flattened. He saw several familiar faces and a few strange ones. There was a total of twenty deities, his father and uncles were all present; donned in armor, they looked regal. His half-siblings were there too, not to mention his aunts. 

"Keep walking," he heard his mother state before she let go of his hand and took her place next to his father. The crowd was separated into two, his family was on one side and the rest on the other side. In the middle, there was a carved path that he was to follow and it disappeared into a cloud of fog. 

He trudged on until he was mere inches away from the cold embrace of the fog. He looked back at the twenty faces, each revealing their own sets of emotion; some had dread written all over them, some jealousy, others were unreadable masks. His father's face was however filled with pride and expectation. The feeling of disappointment began taking hold of his being, but a quick look at his mother's reassuring smile strengthened his resolve. He closed his eyes and let it be the last thing he would remember before his awakening. 

"Yes, child." 

"Walk into the water." 

"Your fate awaits." 

Three feminine voices spoke through the murky river as his next step had his left foot splash into the water, but there was no sound; only the feeling of wetness. The sense of power rushing into his being instinctively prompted him to begin reciting his mantra. 

"No child." 

"Now is not the time to fight it." 

"Embrace your fate." 

With his eyes closed, he winced as once again he felt the power creeping up his body. He was knee deep into the water as the power reached his torso. 'I can take it, I'm the son of Zeus.' 

"Courage is hopeless." 

"Fear is meaningless." 

"Your fate is sealed." 

He about to shout at the voices to shut up when he felt something that no one prepared him for. He was up to his chest in the river when he lost sensation on both his legs; try as he may he couldn't feel his toes. His movement had also stopped, but it didn't end there, his body began to sink into the cold water. 

Out of instinct, he raised his hands to begin forcing himself to remain above water, but what he saw shocked him. His fingers were slowly melting away; both bone and flesh disappearing into nothingness. He opened his mouth to scream, but water rushed in instead. His vocals soon disappeared, and all was left was his gradually dissolving head. It took a total of three minutes since he stepped into the water for him to completely dissolve into nothingness. 

What was left of him, even he had trouble fathoming. He had no body, but he existed. All around him were glinting liquids, his mind a slave to the currents as they pulled him into a vortex. Spiraling his conscious into a drunken trance, slowly he let go, surrendering to the power of the whirlpool. His conscious ripped to pieces and sank to the bottom. Ares knew then he was no more. 

"Ares...Ares...wake up son." 
