 In a futuristic world messages and packages are delivered by teams of motorcycle riders. These teams are composed of 6 riders. The leader, the mechanic, two protectors and a "racer", a high-speed specialist and a replacement racer for if the original should be injured. These teams are highly regarded within society holding an honoured place in society for without them industry would grind to a halt as communications ceased.

*

Cheandra climbed off the back of Chevrons bike, she waited for him to get off the bike but he was talking to Dion quietly. Clover and Niah got off their bikes and walked over to her.

"Come on, lets go inside. Chev will know where to find you when he wants you." Clover said then added with a giggle "And he will want you."

Cheandra went inside with the two other women and looked around the large room with interest.

"Is that an old air hockey table?" Cheandra asked with interest.

"That is one use for it." Niah agreed.

"Here come the men." Clover said when the loud sound of footsteps and masculine laughter came from the entry hallway. Chevron walked in ahead of Dion and Seth, he walked straight up to Cheandra and glanced down at her leather pants.

"Your team done a run today?"

"Certainly looks that way." Cheandra said with a touch of sarcasm. 

"Hmmm, spirited." Chevron remarked with a smile.

"The more spirited the better the ride haven't you always said." Shad remarked as he settled himself comfortably in a large over stuffed chair. There was smothered laughter from some of the others, as Cheandra looked around she realised that she was to be tonight's entertainment just as the two girls were for her own team.

"Why don't you loose the boots." Chevron said.

Cheandra laughed softly but reached down, unfastened her boots and took them off before glancing at Chevron and then walking over to him. She knelt in front of him and began undoing his boots, he reached down and unfastened the front of his jeans.

"Stay on your knees." He ordered quietly.

Cheandra watched as he freed his cock, he was already hard and fully erect as she took hold of his shaft. She held her mouth a hairs breadth away from him as she let her breath waft over him for several seconds before brushing a light teasing kiss under the head of his cock, then she began to work her lips and tongue down to the base of his shaft before licking back to the purple mushroom shaped glands at the head of his cock. She moaned softly as she swirled her tongue around the head of his cock before swiping her tongue over the slit that already oozed a drop of pre-cum, her breasts felt heavy and achy while a moist warmth was growing between her thighs.

Cheandra tilted her head back slightly so she could glance up at Chevron to gauge his reaction to her ministrations, his eyes were dark with arousal and his breathing heavy. Cheandra smiled up at him as she swirled her tongue around the glands before opening her mouth as wide as possible and engulfing the head and half the shaft. 

Chevron watched as her head bobbed up and down as she applied herself to the task enthusiastically, her mouth felt warm and moist as she endeavoured to get her lips down to the base of his cock. Feeling the first tingle of pressure and tightening of his balls that warned him he would come soon he reached down and forcibly pulled Cheandra's mouth from his cock. Chevron watched as she licked her lips and lilted her head back so she could look up at him with heavy lidded eyes, he reached down and took a handful of hair to gently urge her to her feet. Once she was standing up he grabbed her around the waist, picked her up and dumped her on the air hockey table and pushed her down onto her back. He was rough as he unfastened her leather pants and jerked them off her hips and down her legs with difficulty before pulling them off her feet and tossing them behind him. He paused for a moment to take in the sight of the small triangle of material that covered her pubic mound before pushing her legs apart impatiently, he slid his fingers beneath the side of the material and grinned as he found her hairless folds. He trailed his fingers through the moisture before withdrawing his hand and lifting it to his nose to sniff.

"They were too busy with those little girls to see to you were they." He said as he reached down and unfastened the front openings of her jacket and top so he could push them aside to bare her breasts, he leant down and took one rosy nipple in his mouth and suckled greedily, Cheandra gasped as she arched into his mouth.

"What makes you think I wanted one of them?" Cheandra gasped as he turned his attention to her other breast.

As Chevron suckled her breast hard he ran a hand down over her stomache and worked his fingers under the material of her underwear, he slid his fingers between the moist folds and found the hard knob within.

Cheandra bucked beneath him as he rubbed his fingers over her clit, she pushed against his shoulders until he lifted his head to look at her and she reached up behind his head to pull him down into her kiss, she reached one hand out to stroke his hard cock as he kissed her hard.

Chevron pulled away from her and caught the hand that was threatening his control, he pulled her wrist up above her head before capturing her other wrist and glancing over at Dion.

"Give me a hand here."

Dion walked over to the end of the table above Cheandra's head and reached down to grasp her wrists and pin her arms above her head. Chevron reached down and tore the wet material from between her legs, he positioned her hips on the very edge of the table and put her legs up on his shoulders, he guided his cock to her opening and without any further ado pushed into her with one hard deep thrust.

Cheandra gave a startled gasp of pain at his sudden entry but as he began pumping eagerly pleasure quickly overcome the pain of his rough entry. She flexed her legs and hips as she moved in rhythm with him but Chevron laughed and shook his head at her.

"No, I'm in complete control." He said as he grasped her hips and held her still so he could control the depth and angle of penetration.

"Fuck you!" Cheandra panted.

Chevron laughed as he slowed his movements, he could feel her body jerking as he teased her. "No, its fuck you." He said, he could feel the tremors in the walls of her cunt and knew she was close to coming, deliberately he stopped his movements and Cheandra whimpered in frustration.

"Want to cum?" he asked

"Yes!"

"What do you say?"

Cheandra glared up at Chevron, he moved just enough to cause her body to become a little tenser with anticipation.

"Please let me cum!"

Chevron laughed down at her for a moment before releasing one leg and moving his hand down so he could rub her clit with his thumb as he began thrusting hard and fast. He felt her tense beneath him then ripple after ripple went through her cunt surrounding his cock, feeling his own climax about to explode he pulled out of her and covered her stomache with his cum.

Cheandra felt Dion release her wrists and she arched her body as she looked back over her head to see what he was doing, Clover was beside him and disappeared from Cheandra's line of vision.

Chevron lowered Cheandra's legs and she turned her attention back to him, he held a hand out towards her, Cheandra grasped his hand and he helped her into a sitting position before lifting her from the table. She swayed slightly and caught hold of his shoulder to steady herself, he slipped his arm around her waist and guided her to a large recliner chair, he sat down and pulled her down onto his lap.

Cheandra glanced across at Clover who was busy giving Dion a blow job then at Shad and Niah who were fucking doggy style over the arm of the over stuffed chair. Cheandra looked over her shoulder at Chevron and got to her feet so she could climb back onto his lap facing him while kneeling astride his lap, she lent forward and met his gaze.

"I think one of us has too many clothes on and it's not me." She grinned at him.

"Maybe." Chevron said lightly.

"What is SHE doing here? I don't want her in the house!" An unexpected voice thundered from the entry hallway.

Chevron felt Cheandra tense beneath his hold on her shoulders and he turned his head to look at the doorway, two other members of his team stood just inside the room, the man in front was Drac, the teams racer. Behind Drac stood Fargo his male lover.

"What is SHE doing here?" Drac repeated angrily.

"What do any of us bring a woman here for?" Chevron asked him calmly. 

"She's a rider for the Legendaries if you aint aware of it!" Drac declared angrily. He used the term rider instead of racer meaning it as an insult.

Cheandra got off Chevron's lap and turned to face Drac.

"I am Numero Uno Racer." Cheandra told him scathingly.

Drac looked her up and down and curled his top lip in scorn at her state of undress.

Cheandra turned and retrieved her leather pants from where Chevron had let them fall, she swiftly put them on and fastened them before straightening her top and jacket, the top was ruined but the jacket fastened easily. She didn't look at Chevron as she headed to where she had removed her boots, she turned around cautiously at the sound of footsteps before pulling her boots on.

"I'll give you a ride where ever you want to go." Chevron told her. Cheandra didn't reply as she turned and headed from the house.

"I'll be setting you straight on some things when I get back." Chevron told Drac angrily before following Cheandra.