 Authors note: This is my first submission and first story ever, please give me constructive feedback. 

Chapter 01 - The Book

Katarina was feeling pensive. The recent college graduate, class of 2247 was on her way back to earth to visit her family for a few months before starting her new life as an engineer for cruise ships. 

The trip would take a week and there wasn't much to do aboard the small private spacecraft. When she built it in her fourth year practical application engineering class, much to her regret, she focused on the technical aspects and hardly at all on entertainment and other creature comforts for long space flights. 

After finishing dinner, and quite a few glasses of wine, she decided to turn in early for lack of anything else to do. Feeling sleepy from the wine she muttered to herself, "I wish I had something entertaining to fill the next week alone, this is going to be a boring trip." 

Waking up the next morning Katarina stretched her body in an attempt to get the juices flowing in preparation to starting another boring day. Arms to the side her right hand hit a book. 

She jumped up startled and thought, "What the hell?" 

She looked down on the bed and she saw a large brown bound volume, she recognized it as a book but she had never seen one before in her 23 years. By the year 2050 books were virtually all gone except for private collections, everything being on electronic pads by that time. 

Katarina took a deep breath trying to calm down, although not understanding how it could be there, a book was hardly threatening. It might even provide a relief from her boredom.

She picked up the book and brought it into the galley and brewed some coffee. After starting her second cup, she glanced at the book and screwed up her face, confusion showing in her bright green eyes. She breathed out, "I guess I need to read you if I have any hope finding out where you came from."

Katarina gently pulled the book over and read the cover, "A Sex Genie's Autobiography." She snorted in dismissive laughter at the idea, took another long sip of coffee and opened it to the first page....

**********

I was created by a greater genie, put in a receptacle to house my essence until I met my master. I had no name. The only knowledge I had was a 1000 years worth of experience in pleasuring both men and women. This was implanted knowledge, though it felt I had done them all, I knew I was still a virgin, untouched by any man or woman. 

The only personality I had was submissive. I needed a master so I could be true to my nature. I was content with this, I had no yearning for control, or anything else for myself, except my need to serve. 

This was a timeless place I was in, so it seemed less than a second later my essence left the receptacle. The greater genie's spell guided my essence to my new master's mind; the spell itself read his desires, his wants, and his needs for the perfect woman inside and out. The spell worked its change over my mind and molded my essence into the ideal body my new master wanted in a woman.

When I was formed I found myself standing in a bedroom, my master was passed out, I believe the spell does this to give the genie time to acclimate, but I could be wrong, it might just be a side effect of the spell. 

I looked at my new master and felt an effusive love fill my being and knew I would do anything for him without limit. I also felt conflict for the very first time in my existence. You see I was still submissive, a proper genie more than willing to grant my master every fantasy he could imagine. There was so much more now in the mix. 

I felt bold, apparently my master liked a woman who could take charge and initiate things at times. I also felt lust. If it wasn't for the submissive side of me I think I would have woken him that first time with my hungry mouth, tongue, teethe and hands.

I looked at the mirror on the inside door out of curiosity. I had long Strawberry-Blonde hair caressing the milky white skin of my neck, shoulders and body. My eyes were a bright blue color and framed by long lashes. My lips were full, my skin fair without blemish. I was about 5 feet 6 inches tall with an hour glass figure. 

Despite my generous C size breasts they were quite perky. My now wet silken folds as well as my breasts were covered by a gauzy blue outfit. Looking back at my master on the bed I bit my lip as I was filled with such desire I had to fight myself not to go to him now. I knelt at the foot of the bed to stop myself from initiating our first time together. 

I knew based on how I was made me initiating sex would happen someday, but not yet. Not when my master didn't even know me, much less taken me for his. I started breathing slowly to gain mastery over my body and patiently waited for master to awake.

A few minutes later my master started to stir, when he started to get up I lowered my head and softly spoke with a hint of a purr that I couldn't help in my voice, "Good evening master." 

He looked at me in shock, then at the receptacle in the form of a book on the bed, then very slowly looked back at me and said in disbelief, "No way, not possible." 

He looked a little skittish and suspicious and asked me, "Who are you?" 

"I am your genie master, you released me and I am yours," she said with softer unsure voice, "If you want me master."

He still looked skeptical and in a low voice questioned, "You're a genie, you can grant me wishes?" 

I pulled a bit from my bold side and stated with a naughty grin with my head still bowed, looking up through my lashes, "Any wish related to sex I can grant, I can also keep you safe from harm of course." 

I waited silently, he still wasn't convinced, but he was staring at me, I could tell the spell was right on when it created my body type as he pinned me with a lustful gaze despite feeling unsure himself. After he drank me in with his warm hazel eyes he grinned and said, "I wish for you to pleasure me." 

As he told me this he still looked a bit uncertain, it seemed like more of a question than an order, or a wish. I used my powers to interpret his intent behind the words.

My body at this point was shaking with desire at the thought of touching my master, having him touch me. I dropped to my hands from my kneeling position, and then I slowly and seductively crawled up to him. 

I crawled up my master's body, lightly touching with my hands. My breasts were gliding up his body until I was on the tip of my toes. Bringing our lips together for the first time I sighed softly into his mouth. 

I pushed him lightly toward the bed and he sat back, his face now level to mine, my hard nipples pushed into his chest. The gauzy blue fabric teasing my nipples by sliding against them was causing me to whimper into his mouth. 

My love juices started to drip down my thigh. His tongue played with mine as our kiss got more urgent, and he demandingly grunted into my mouth. 

I slowed the kiss, making it softer and softer until our lips parted.

I slowly lowered myself to my knees, gazing into his eyes lustfully on the way down. My nipples were on fire, blazing a trail down his chest and stomach. I opened up his shorts and started to pull them down and he looked at me in a mix of lust and questioning. 

He said hungrily, "Suck it."

I kept eye contact and grabbed his cock of just over 7 inches and with a breathy voice whispered, "As you wish master." 

When I said the word master his cock jumped and ejected some precum. I kept eye contact and licked it off the head, swirling my tongue greedily. 

Pushing his now fully hard shaft against his stomach I stroked him with my tongue from the tip down to his balls and back up again. Teasing the head of his cock I got more precum and sucked it off. 

The first taste of him and the wanton nature of my actions pushed me close to my own edge. When I took him into my mouth slowly inch by inch and my nose hit his body I paused for a second and hummed back in my throat. 

He looked down at me and gasped out, "Yes that's it, swallow my cock."

I couldn't move really, as I was so turned on I started having the first orgasm of my life. A small one yes, but I was so excited to be pleasuring my master for the first time with the added pleasure of my nipples being stimulated against him. My whole body shuddered and I felt my juice running down the inside of my thighs. 

While I was humming, moaning and swallowing his cock in my throat to stimulate the crown of his manhood he looked at me in amazement, lust, and surprise that I was actually doing what he wished.

He reached down and caressed my face and hair and said breathlessly, "That's it, good girl." 

I employed a number of techniques; each of his moans enticing me to work harder and causing me to moan in enjoyment. Finally I started bobbing up and down on him, running my tongue along the bottom of his cock. Every once in a while I would stop and twirl my tongue around the head of his cock and lick across his hole claiming more tasty precum. 

I started massaging his balls softly with one hand. With the other I squeezed his ass cheeks and played with his ass crack. He is moaning loudly now, encouraging me, "That feels so fucking good" 

"Damn you know how to suck a good cock," he gasps out. 

Then he leaned his head back and announced, "Fuck, I'm cumming, Oh that's it, don't stop baby." 

He filled my mouth with his spurting seed and I swallowed after each spurt against the back of my throat moaning loudly at the taste of him. 

To be continued.... 