 1 

The sun rose and shined its beautiful light upon the campus town of The University of Texas. It was a Saturday, an elegant one at that where the neighbors of the school were walking their dogs, mowing their lawns, tending to their houses, and among others working out in the nice, warm, sun. 

Among the residence who took advantage of the nice, warm, weather were Rain Waterson and Sunny Willow who jogged side by side nonstop before they made it to their dorm apartment. 

"Woo," Sunny spoke finally breathing the air into her lungs, "that was fun." 

"I know right?" Rain asked doing the same. 

Sunny took out her identification card and slid it into the machine. The security lock turned green signaling that the door was open. Sunny opened the door for her and Rain to walk in and both women went up the steps of the dorm passing by all the female students and men who were playing games such as racket ball or board games. 

Rain and Sunny stopped at their dorm room with the number, "109", this time letting Rain slide her card into the locking machine letting it turn green. Rain opened the door and walked inside with Sunny following right behind. 

"I'm ready for a shower," Rain spoke taking off her shirt. 

Sunny lifted her right arm up and took I nice big sniff of her armpit. "Woo, I think I come join you." 

In the shower both women shared the Warm Vanilla Spread from Victoria Secret. Rain and Sunny poured the sweet smelling solid liquid on their hand towels with a mixture of warm water and began rubbing it in the pores of their naked skin. 

"So is there anything you want to do today?" Sunny asked turning to her friend. 

"I don't know," Rain answered, "I guess go to that frat party they've been posting all over campus." 

"That's right," exclaimed Sunny, "I forgot all about that. We should go." 

Rain turned toward Sunny with a frown. 

"What?" Sunny asked. 

Rain looked down at her penis and back up at Sunny. 

Sunny knew where she was getting at. "Oh come on, it's not like anybody is going to find out." 

"I don't know," Rain said feeling self-doubt, "I mean, I know I'm pretty and all, but what happens when I meet a cute frat and he wants to take me upstairs or something?" 

"Just say no," Sunny replied. 

"What if I don't want to?" 

Sunny rolled her eyes. Unlike her, Rain has always wanted a commitment with that special someone. Man or woman Sunny had no clue but for some reason even if they were together all the time, Rain always felt somewhat alone. It was offensive to their friendship. 

"Look, don't worry," Sunny assured, "there are plenty of guys out there who would want to jump your bones, dick or no dick." 

"Maybe that's the problem," Rain pointed out, "what if I don't want my bones jumped. Maybe I like to be romanced for once?" 

"You are going to wait a long time for that," Sunny said almost laughing. She could see Rain was not joining her in the humor. "Look, there will be someone out there who will love us for being us, but for right now we need to keep a low profile. We are college girls and that's what we proclaimed to be. If anyone knew who we really are, I can't even think about what would happen. We would have to quit our jobs, quit school, and move far the hell away from here as fast as possible before one of them finds us. Do you want that?" 

Rain thought about Sunny's reason for hiding. "Your right, I was being selfish." 

Now it was Sunny who was feeling pity. "It's not your fault," Sunny placed her hand on Rain's bare, wet, shoulder, "heh, I want some companionship too. But we have to be careful where we look or it's going to be disastrous for the both of us." Sunny gave Rain a light slap on her bare ass cheek. "Now hurry up and wash up so we can get some lunch. I'm starving." 

Both women laughed. 

J.C. Chaves was fucking Madeline Hampshire from behind and up against the wall of her dorm room. Her roommate was out probably being screwed too by her boyfriend giving Madeline the opportunity to invite her fling to come in and give her the business she has been wanting ever since they met. 

With tremendous strength, J.C. wrapped his black, bulked, arms around the back of Madeline's thighs and lifted her up in the air with his dick still inside her. He turned her around and dropped her on her bed where he continued fucking her doggystyle mercilessly. 

J.C. was having too much fun hearing Madeline scream into her covers muffling the sounds so nobody would hear on the other end of the dorm as he pummeled her into her bed like he wanted to make her a part of it. J.C. was athletic and because of that he could go on forever which is probably the reason why Madeline came twice while J.C. was still fucking her from behind. 

J.C. didn't want this moment to end, but his testes were telling him differently as he felt the fire in his balls begin to grow. Not stopping and feeling the fire grow to the extent that he had too scream when they burst, the flow of cum broke free of his balls, flowing straight through the body of his cock and shot right in the condom where it was trapped and possibly destroyed by spermicide. 

J.C. was strong alright, but when it came to climaxing he was powerless. Both his mind and his body felt light on air which made him collapse beside his love Madeline who too was exhausted from coming to much and almost came for the third time. 

"Wow," Madeline chuckled as she turned to J.C. who looked like he was about to pass out, "that was amazing." 

"Thanks," J.C. spoke between breaths, "I try." 

Madeline jumped up out of bed and began to head to the bathroom. 

J.C. rose up recovering from his hardcore coming and looked at Madeline puzzled. "Where are you going?" 

"To take a shower silly," Madeline replied, "I got to get all cleaned up before my roommate comes in. You should go too; don't you have to study for a test or something?" 

J.C. was taken aback by the question. He could have sworn the crazy fuck they just had left Madeline down on her knees and screaming for more. Now that the fucking is over she acted like nothing ever happened. Just like that. 

"Well yeah but..." 

"Well, get dressed and head on out before it gets late," Madeline interrupted, "we don't want you to cram at the last minute do we?" 

Just like that, Madeline walked into the bathroom naked and shut the door. 

For J.C. it was a sign that said, "Get the fuck out". Disappointed and spent, J.C. sat on the side of the bed sighing miserably wondering why in the hell he keep doing this to himself? 

Chase Willington laid in bed as he was getting head from a cute blonde his so called, bestfriend, Samuel Rocker or just Sam for short, was doing her from behind in a three way gang bang. 

Chase looked up at Sam's face which he wasn't interested in looking and saw the concentrating, panting, and sweating he was perspiring all over the poor woman's creamy white ass cheeks. 

Sam was pummeling her ass as hard as he could while the hot blonde, even though Chase forgot her name, was bopping her head up and down on his dick so hard, Chase could feel the chain reaction in his testes. 

Like fire growing ever so strongly, Chase braced himself as he cried out and his balls burst with the fire of semen flowing through the shaft and into the hot blonde's mouth where she used her lips to suck up the rest of his cum. 

Sam cried too feeling his own balls burst free of the semen like it was held captive all its life and flowed through the shaft and shot into the condom. 

Both men spent and the hot blonde who was spent as well orally and vaginally laid side by side on, of all people's, Chase's bed. 

"Wow," Sam spoke, "that was wild." He turned to the hot blonde who looked up at him with a smile. "Caren you were amazing." 

Caren's smile turned upside down in a frown. "My name's Carry." 

Chase almost burst out laughing just hearing the mistake Sam just made. After all it was his girl and his idea to share her with him. 

Disappointedly offended, Carry jumped out of bed and headed to the bedroom where she could wash her mouth and wash away other bodily fluids on her body. 

"Well," Sam spoke turning to his friend, Chase, "what'll think?" 

Chase turned to Sam. His expression was a little questionable. "Yeah it was great." 

"Didn't I tell ya or didn't I tell ya that bitch can give good head?" 

"Yeah Sam, thanks." 

Chase never understood Sam's reasoning of disrespect towards women. Hell the women loved him so much that they would do anything for him, probably kill if he commanded them to. 

"Well," Sam spoke again jumping out of bed, "I gotta go." 

Chase rose up confused. "Where are you going?" 

Sam turned to Chase with a sly smile while pulling up his pants without wearing underwear. "I got a hot date tonight." 

Chase's eyes rose up hearing the unbelievable. "Tonight, fuck Sam we just screwed your girlfriend?" 

"Oh that poor thing," Sam commented, "that was just a piece of ass I met along the way. Something for both of us to do too relax you know?" As Sam put on his shirt, he walked to the door, opened it, and waved at Chase. "Oh by the way, I think you better take care of the snobby bitch, Caren." 

"You mean Carry?" Chase corrected. 

"Yeah, whatever. There's cash on the dresser, make sure she gets it before she leaves." 

With that said Sam left closing the door leaving Chase in the room naked with probably a prostitute. 

David R. Bingham was the President of The University of Texas and did his job efficiently. But there were times when the job was too stressful for him that he needed some release. 

David would have his Dean of Administrations, Sarah Pearlman, bent over on his desk while he gave it to her doggystyle. 

"You like that," David asked though it sounded more of an order, "you like that you little slut! Answer me!" 

"Y...yes," Sarah panted. 

"Yes what?" 

"Y...yes master." 

David felt the stirring in his testes which meant it was time. Too bad, David had other sexual plans for the little whore. He pulled out and flipped Sarah over grabbing her and putting her down on her knees. "Open wide whore!" 

Sarah did what she was told and a gush of cum shot out of the head and landed on Sarah's eyes, face, and even inside her mouth. 

"Swallow it cunt," David ordered harshly. 

Sarah did what she was told and swallowed his spunk. 

Taking a deep breath David gripped both of Sarah's shoulders and pulled her up on her feet. "Now, go to the bathroom and clean yourself up." 

"Yes," Sarah finally spoke. 

"Yes what...?" 

"Yes master." 

Sarah walked out of the office. Lucky for her it was late and everybody went home or else they would have been shocked to see there was a load of cum on her face. 

2 

The Fraternity party was jumping with students from Freshmen to Seniors as there were plenty of students and plenty of alcohol to go around. 

Rain and Sunny walked in looking around at the students dancing and indulged in conversation. Plus there was a bar where the bartender, who was a half-naked man, was fixing drinks for the students. 

Sunny pulled Rain by the hand over to the bar. 

The half-naked bartender spotted them and got their full attention. "What will it be ladies?" 

"What's good?" Sunny asked. 

The bartender shrugged. "Everything you see here." 

Sunny glanced at Rain and Rain did the same. 

"I would like vodka on the rocks," Sunny asked. 

Rain pulled Sunny closer to her so she could whisper, plus hear her over the loud music. "Sunny, what are you planning to do get sloshed?" 

"Oh come on Rain, stop being such a spaz and live it up a little," Sunny said turning back to the bartender. 

Sunny nodded and the bartender nodded understanding what she wanted. Then he turned to Rain waiting for her order. 

"A beer thank you," Rain asked politely. She figured if Sunny was going to get drunk the whole night at least she had someone to watch her in case she was too out of it to make a mistake or worse. 

"Vodka, beer, coming right up," The bartender said as he went to fix the women their drinks. 

Rain and Sunny turned to the crowd of dancing students. 

"Isn't this great?" Sunny yelled in Rain's ear. 

"Yeah, I guess," Rain replied a little skeptical. 

"You know you need to lighten up a little," Sunny advised, "you only live once." 

"Yeah but I like to live safely before it gets cut short." 

Sunny shook her head. 

"Here you go ladies," The bartender said as he placed the drinks right in front of them. 

Rain took her Budlight and Sunny took her small red cup of vodka, both women taking a sip and watching the crowd dance. 

Sunny nudged Rain just a little to get her attention. "Hot stuff at five o' clock." 

Rain turned to see a tall short blonde hair man trying to squeeze through the crowd to get too the bar. Rain turned back to the crowd. "He is trying to get to the bar that's all." 

Sunny skeptical, just played it cool like Rain. 

"Excuse me," Rain turned to the blonde haired man. He reached out his hand to take hers, "my name is Chase. Chase Willington." 

"Hey Chase," Sam called wrapping his arm around the back of Chase's neck, "have you seen so much pussy in one place in all your life?" 

"Yeah," Chase answered, "they call it, "The Mall"." 

"Smartass!" Sam cursed playfully. "Heh, check out that piece of fine ass over there?" 

Chase looked over at the bar where Sam was staring at a long, brunette haired, woman standing next to a long blonde haired woman just a few inches taller than her. She was drinking a beer while the other was drinking a cup that probably had something a lot deeper inside. 

"Heh, I'll pay you a hundred dollars if you go over there and talk to her," Sam bet. 

Chase looked at Sam as if he just said the craziest thing ever. "No way man." 

"Oh come on," Sam begged, "what's the harm. The worst she could say is no." 

Chase looked at the woman who was drinking the beer. He took a sip of his own beer and placed it on the table behind him. Then he began to walk over to the bar. 

"That'll boy," Sam cheered as he took a sip of his own beer. 

Sunny saw that Rain and the man who introduced himself as Chase were in a conversation. She leaned over to her friend to whisper in her ear. "I'm going out to dance." 

Rain looked at Sunny as if she was crazy. "Now?" 

"Yes now, you two have a good time because I know I will," Sunny said and quickly finished her drink so she could go out in the middle of the crowd. 

Rain turned to Chase and Chase looked down at Rain both smiling shyly. 

Sunny danced out in the crowd freely and a little tipsy from the vodka. Maybe Rain was right about how strong the drink was. But Sunny didn't care. It was enough to set her free from all the bullshit in her mind. 

Suddenly Sunny felt someone grinding up against her from behind. She didn't bother to turn around since she didn't care who it was, but was able to see the strong black light skin arms that wrapped around her and held her in her own embrace. To things even more interesting, Sunny felt his hard on which gave her the same exact erection. 

J.C. Chaves walked into the party sighing disappointedly. There was nothing special about the party except the music. The place was the same, the people were the same, and they were all dancing the same which was lame for a bunch of white people who can't dance in the first place. 

As J.C. leaned up against the wall next to a couple kissing, he couldn't help but spot a young long haired blonde woman at the bar standing next to a cute brunette. At first J.C. thought they were sisters at first as well as freshmen, but he didn't want to jump to conclusions. 

The blonde haired woman drank out of her cup which to J.C. could only be alcohol and placed it down on the bar before she went out on the dance floor. 

J.C. was a confident student as well as smart and if he knew any better about clubbing, a way to a woman's heart was clear cut muscles, a heavy package, and of course someone who knew how to get down. 

Courageously, J.C. slid through the crowd of dancing people and came up behind the white freshman embracing her with his chest and privates and wrapping his arms around her. 

It wasn't until the woman began backing up against him that J.C. felt a strong bulge in his pants. And he wanted her to feel it, just to let her know how he felt about her. J.C. knew she wasn't complaining because she turned around and wrapped her arms around the back of his neck as if they knew each other all their lives. 

"I've never seen you here before," Chase spoke first, "are you new?" 

Rain took a sip of her beer. "I'm a freshman." 

"I can tell," Chase said, "you look fresh as well as pretty." 

Rain looked down and back at Chase blushing. "Well thank you. And you are...let me guess, a sophomore right?" 

Chase chuckled. "You are correct." 

"I knew it, you got one of those fresh faces," Rain commented. 

"So how do you like the University so far?" Chase asked. 

Rain nodded in approval. "It's promising." 

"Well I'm glad you like it," Chase thanked, "so what is your major?" 

Rain quickly took a sip of her beer before she answered. "Business Administration, minoring in Sociology." 

Chase's eyes widened in surprise. "No kidding, I'm taking those too." 

Now it was Rain's turn to be surprised. "Really, how cool. What are you hoping to be?" 

That stumped Chase. He really never thought about that very much, but knew he had to come up with something. "I'm planning to own my own business one day." 

"Really, in what?" Rain asked. 

Another question Chase was hoping to dodge, but he decided to wing it anyway. "I don't know yet." 

Rain chuckled with a smile. "That's alright; I don't know what I'm going to be when I graduate either." 

Chase's smile widened. "At least we started at the beginning that means we still have time." 

"I know right?" Rain agreed. 

"So you go here?" Sunny asked J.C. sitting on his lap on the Fraternity's sofa. 

"Same as you," J.C. responded. 

"So what's your major?" 

"Public Nutrition and Education," J.C. answered, "hoping to be a gym trainer." 

Sunny looked down at J.C.'s bulky and sculpted arms and back up at him approvingly. "I see." 

"And you?" 

"Business Management," Sunny answered, "minoring in Psychology." 

J.C. nodded impressed with such a hard achiever. "What are you planning to do with that?" 

Sunny shrugged. "I would like to be a psychologist and own my own practice." 

J.C. nodded again. "It can happen." 

"Oh you have faith in me huh?" 

J.C. looked at Sunny as if she just said one of the most ridiculous things he has ever heard. "Of course if you put your mind to it and you work hard enough." 

Sunny flashed a bright smile. "Good answer." 

Madeline Hampshire was at the far end of the Fraternity house drinking her cup of alcohol as she venomously watched some blonde bimbo sitting on top of her boy toy in an embrace that made her want to sneak up behind her and break her skinny looking neck right in front of J.C.. Of course the scene probably would have freaked J.C. out, but it was worth it if it meant showing an example of what it is like to cross her or be with someone else without her permission. 

Sam watched closely as Chase was carrying on a conversation with the skinny brunette bimbo. He was hoping Chase was going to ask if she would like to have a gang bang rump with him and Chase, but figured Chase didn't know how to sly his way into asking such a question or was too much of a pussy to do so. 

Still, Sam had Chase wrapped around his fingers as he knew Chase had difficulty understanding how he felt for the opposite sex or the same sex for that matter. 

But Sam knew something was off about that woman. Something he couldn't put his finger on. 
