 Authors Note:

This is a reedit, please enjoy the new text! 

~~

"I get it Alam," Silvanus soothed.

"I'm not sure you do," Alam's tone was sharp and Silvanus had to hide his smirk.

"Why are you so threatened by me?"

Alam tossed his hands in the air and turned around, heading to the window. After leaning on the ledge and looking out at the clearing around Silvanus' home he spoke softly. "I've been watching over her, her entire life, she would not appreciate being a part of your exploits. Your responsibility it to deliver her the proper training, and keep her safe. That is all, you do not even need to be nice to her, just don't treat her like the rest of them. She has an actual purpose."

Silvanus let out a snort, his nose wrinkling in the process. "You're the one lying to her, It is no wonder you're so worried about leaving her with me. Regardless," Silvanus said, cutting off any reply Alam could make with a slight wave of his hand, "I will do as you ask and train her, though it is mostly out of curiosity and boredom," that last bit was a lie, but some extra dimension to his life wouldn't hurt any, and it was only temporary. The anger that flickered through Alam's eyes drew an annoyed sigh from Silvanus' lips and he waved Alam away and headed out. He had some engagements to meet if he was to be leaving for any length of time.

~~

"Do you have to leave?" Her doe eyes were pleading.

"Of course," Silvanus said, trailing his fingers across her chin. She arched to his touch, he wasn't even using his magic yet. Silvanus took in her small form. She had seemed feisty originally, which is why he had lured her to his bed, well, rather to her own bed. But was disappointed every time when she lost her spunk. He held out hope that it would be different, but her eyes always lost their edge once they were alone. "M'lady, you know I cant stay anywhere for long, but I do wish to leave you with a gift before I go,"

The gasp that escaped her lips made his heart pound. She might not be his greatest fancy, not many women were, they were all missing that particular expression in their eyes, but he was inexplicably drawn to that sound nevertheless. Silvanus sent his magic down through his fingertips and withdrew more of the toxic sound as he drew patterns down her neck and across her shoulders pulling her dress away gently. Placing one hand at the small of her back, he delicately undid the buttons down the back of her dress with the other. Reveling in the slow exposure of her bare skin, Silvanus kept his eyes on her chest as he undid the last button.

He was slightly frustrated as the garments fell just shy of exposure. To redirect his frustrations Silvanus sent a chill up her spine causing her to gasp in surprise. The sudden inhalation had its desirous effect on the fabric and her pale, slightly mounded flesh pillowed out. Her nipples instantly hardening into little rosy buds.

Oh and were they delicious, Silvanus pulled her into him as he took the bud into his mouth. Her gasp had a slight squeal to it as he breathed his magic into her chest. A flush spread outward and when he had her weakly whimpering in his arms he let her go with a small smacking noise. With a slight growl Silvanus finished disrobing her and pressed her back and when her knees hit the edge of her bed she lay splayed out for his enjoyment.

Trailing his fingers around her thighs he pulled he close and buried himself in her flavor. It took quite some time for her to let herself fall over the edge and cum, and when she did Silvanus reached up past her and loosed her hair from its braid. Weaving his fingers in her hair he lost himself in the sensation of it. The way it pulled and flowed across his fingers, tangle and loosened. When she finished shaking from her orgasm, he crawled up next to here and pressed his nose to her hair, drawing his own satisfaction from the release of his magic and from the scent of her hair.

As they all did, she slept once she climaxed, and Silvanus was more than content running his fingers through her long hair, lost in his musings. With a Sigh he heaved himself off the bed, slipped his shoes on and left her.

He knew full well that most misinterpreted exactly what happened with his women, and most all of them were frustrated by their inability to stay awake after their rendezvous.

After Silvanus left he attempted to seek out Margret but she was unavailable. He would just have to find a way to see her before he left, she was easy to tease. Besides her exquisite hair, everyone else assumed so much was going on when it was really a simple exchange. They both found it quite amusing. Silvanus began running his thumb across the tips of his long fingers in anticipation of the visit as he headed back home.

~~

"She is about to come through. You know what to say?" Alam begins, appearing in Silvanus' living room.

He holds in his sigh and replies, "I've done this dozens of times, you really think I'll be at a loss for words?"

"She is not your toy," Alam snaps, his aggravation readily apparent. When Silvanus lets out a chuckle Alam tries another approach, "We have to work together on this,"

"You sound like you expect to keep her at the end of this. You do realize that bringing her here you are losing what claim you have over her. In fact, we both know it," Silvanus says in his most syrupy voice. Throwing in a smirk for good measure, he continues, "Why else would you be so riled up? Why don't you just let us be so I can get this over with and get back to my own life?"

Glancing over Silvanus' shoulder to see past him, Alam's face was a deadly calm as he watched, "She is stepping out now, I swear, you better not abuse her,"

The abrupt gasp from the unknown own woman behind him gave him such an electric shock that he couldn't help but respond in a lewd manner, arching his eyebrow so that it practically met his silvery hair, he asked, his voice dark, "In what way?" the sneer that spread across his face was entirely too satisfying.

Alam's eyes clouded over and his whispered voice held a tone of warning. "Just find what little respect you have and show her some, if not you'll have my bullet to bite."

Silvanus did not react as he waited, bullets were not something he had any experience with, but he could tell by Alam's tone he meant the threat. Alam handed him a pile of clothes and Silvanus figured out his retort. "Just remember that you can not interfere until she is trained. You only get to secretly watch, and meanwhile, I get to drag her around the countryside, hand in hand,"

Alam pulled his pallid cloak closer around himself and vanishes. Silvanus times his hand motion for the departure, making as if to spill his seed. Trying not to laugh at the deep frown that crossed Alams face the moment he departed Silvanus turns around to welcome his guest.

Her hands are around her, and failing to cover any of her intimate parts. It is always amusing to see what response women have to being born onto Jestrin. This one did not seem intent on hiding her bounteous curves so much as keeping warm.

"Do you want this?" Silvanus asked smoothly, making a point not to look too closely, not that there was much to see, her back was mostly towards him.

A glare hit him smack in the face and with all of his experience he was so drawn in from those fiery eyes he wasn't able to register anything else as she stalked up to him and snatched the robes. Throwing them on, she crossed her arms over her now covered chest. "So now what?"

"Welcome to Jestrin,"

"Jestrin? Alright, what am I supposed to be doing? This dream is getting boring," Leaning in close she peered closely at his eyes.

"Zorah," Silvanus said, nonplussed. "this is not a dream,"

"Right, during the night, I find myself wandering through some strange door and am suddenly in another world and it's not a dream? Next you're going to tell me there is magic?"

Silvanus took in a calculated breath before letting it out slowly and asking, "You're from Earth right? You have science, here we have magic."

An interesting grin spread over her face, "So when I get a good idea will a light bulb flash over my head!" The excitement that spread over her face was slightly mesmerizing, but not nearly as distracting as her question.

"What?" Was all he could manage.

Her face fell, and Silvanus felt that usual draw to bring her smile back. Reminding himself that she was not one to please, he steeled himself and crossed his arms across his chest. The girl started to mumble about puns and gave a pout so dramatic that Silvanus found himself flustered. Oh, this was not going to be pretty.

As Silvanus attempted to explain to her where she was she just kept ignoring him and firing off the most random questions. About wands and lightning bolts, about pulling strings, whether or not there were vampires and werewolves.

"Then what in the world is so special about magic here?" Zorah stormed.

By this point Silvanus was way past tempted to show her, but held his tongue. Though, he used it on a regular basis, it was still quite unknown that he possessed it. However, before he was able to begin to respond, she turned on her heel and stalked off.

A calm settled on him, Silvanus refused to be controlled by Zorah. If she did not want to believe that she had her soul transported to a whole new word, then so be it. Either Alam would have no choice but to step in and Silvanus would get out of helping the woman, or she would come back once she realized this was no dream.

About an hour later he noticed her floating around the edge of his clearing.

"Are you ready to listen?"

Silvanus found himself intrigued by the way that she slid forward, both defiant and meek at the same time.

"I've never been hungry in a dream before," she announced as she came up next to him.

"Have you ever been cut in a dream?" he asked, running his finger along her cheek where she had scratched herself.

"Actually, yes, but that's beside the point."

Silvanus just shrugged and invited her in for lunch.

~~

"So your telling me that I have been brought here to save the world?"

"Something like that,"

"I still have to go back to Earth every day?"

"Yes, your soul will travel back and forth between the two worlds, after all, you have a body in each. You just switch when you sleep."

"So if I take a million naps on Earth I don't need to actually spend any time there?"

"Kinda, naps don't really send you back and forth, you have to be in a deeper sleep, I'm not all that sure how it works, but on average the days stay equal on both sides."

"You are little help," Zorah mutters.

"Any more questions?" Silvanus asked, watching her run her hands through her hair.

"Yeah, how am I accepting any of this? I should be taking midterms right about now but instead I am here being told I get to live two lives, I think I need a prescription because I am believing anything that comes out of your mouth. Maybe there are padded rooms down that hallway? You sure I didn't just get kidnapped and taken to a perpetual Ren fest?" She gestured around his home.

"Ren fest?"

"Yeah, Renaissance Festival," his blank look made her sigh and she gave up on her explanation before she started.

"Let's just go get you some supplies," He said slowly, sliding out of his chair. Zorah followed him like a little duckling as he lead her out the house and through the trees.

~~

The whole trip to the village Zorah kept mumbling to herself. It was starting to drive Silvanus nuts. Not giving her time to stop and stare, Silvanus dragged her through the market to Lyton's shop. When she was too distracted to enter he yanked her by the back of her shirt inside.

"OW!" She exclaimed.

"What?" Silvanus asked, wincing at the high pitch of her voice.

"You pulled my hair!"

"Then do not let it blend in with your shirt!"

"You are the one who gave this shirt to me! I wouldn't have picked this manure colored shirt!"

Pulling his hand away Silvanus let the sneer spread across his face and saw the flash of her eyes at his expression. "If your hair blends in, then you are telling me your hair is the color of excrement too,"

Zorah's face could not decide if it was going to drain or flush as blotches rose in her cheeks. As her hand rose, presumably to slap Silvanus a booming laugh washed over them and Zorah's eyes grew two sizes as she spun around in search of its source.

There was Lyton leaning on an interior doorway, arms crossed in amusement. "This'uns not ur usual. Overly plucky ain't she 'vanus?" his voice rumbled around his throaty laugh.

"And yet I'm here to buy her a weapon," Silvanus said, a tired tone betraying his feelings.

The rumbling laugh erupted again, "and what'er ya thinkin?"

"Probably a half staff,"

"How am I supposed to save the world with a staff! Where is my sword, my bow and arrow, my guns, my lightsabor!"

"Ignore her," Silvanus mumbled, and that's what they did. After finishing their business and convincing Zorah to shush by letting her pick out the colored wrappings for her hand holds, Silvanus took her to their second stop.

"Why do I need a staff anyway?" Zorah asked as they perused around for dinner items.

"To protect yourself? What else is it for? Well I guess its great for poking down fruit from a tree," he trailed off inspecting the flexibility of some vegetables, it seemed quite a good idea to him, but Zorah kept making sour faces.

"Is this world that dangerous that I need to learn to use one?"

"Basically, yes."

"Can't I just have a gun?"

"No," he stated blandly, "there aren't any anyway."

"But why not?" Zorah said, almost whining. Refusing to have this discussion Silvanus just walked away and ignored all further questions.

Silvanus was glad when they made it back home, he tossed his armload of sticks to the ground and went about making a fire. Zorah watched him closely, seeming to be completely intrigued with his actions. He hated to admit it, but he found himself putting on a show for her, moving just so to draw her eyes and cause a flush to rise in her cheeks. He made it seem as if he was just ignoring her as he stripped off his shirt and split a few logs to toss on the young fire. Finally when he had no more prattling on to do, he handed her a few pieces of the log and required her to keep the fire going as he prepared their dinner.

Silvanus went inside and placed two potatoes and a few carrots into his fire pot. Taking it outside he added some water to it and set it about a foot from the flames. "leave this here," he directed before taking his small knife in his lithe hands and skinning the meat. Heading out briefly to get a nice green stick to puncture it, Silvanus found himself regretting leaving her alone.

As he was re-approaching the forest line, the roar of fire creaped into his awareness, panic overwhelmed him as he darted into the field. Zorah was waving her arms and shouting at the fire.

Running up, Silvanus screamed, "Throw dirt on it! I'll grab the water!"

Zorah paused, turned and lowered her arms, the flames licking the air all around her. Her brow furled and she tilted her head. "Why?"

Silvanus slowed as he approached and saw that she had mounded the dirt around the flames to keep it contained and purposefully built the flames up. Tossing his hands into the air and almost losing their meal in the process, Silvanus' voice is deadly calm. "Why would you do this? Its a waste, its dangerous and there is no need for the heat. I'll be lucky if the roots are not mush by now,"

Zorah opens her mouth to ask, but snaps it shut when she is glared at. Wondering what would cause her to act so irrationally, Silvanus holds his question to himself because he doesn't want to hear her speak. He points to a log up on its end and tells her to sit.

He then draws out some water into a large basin. He then proceeds to clean the rabbit off. By now the fire has died down enough that he can retrieve the fire pot and he fishes the roots out and onto plates for them before placing the rabbit into the water that is left. He returns it to its place by the fire. When the flames die down he moves the fire pot into the coals and lets it cook longer still.

Zorah had zoned out and that was all well and fine with Silvanus. She actually jumped when he shoved her plate under her nose. He tried his best not to react when she beamed up at him.

Taking a bit of her roots she exclaimed with even more strange things, "Potatoes! They are Purple potatoes!" and she ate in the most un-lady like way he could imagine.

~~

Silvanus was awake before his guest. He heard her startled squeak when she woke.

Looking in on her he saw her desperately trying to tame her wild hair. Finding himself rubbing his thumb along his fingertips Silvanus sighed and collected his comb. He quietly entered the room and took a seat behind her. She tensed when she noticed him but did not say a word. Most likely not wanting to upset him like at dinner the night before. Plus, right about now, the true realization that it really is not a dream and her soul is sharing two bodies is most likely sinking in. The second day is always the hardest on them, mentally prepared or not, and she was as thrown into this as one can be.

It seemed to take Zorah a moment to realize that the slight tugging at her head was him combing out the snarls. Minding he was using his magic to prevent any pain, it made sense she was confused. When she tilted her head back to look at him he only met her gaze fleetingly. Her eyes were an unusual shade of brown and he thought he saw a slice of green through one of them, but went back to work rather than investigating.

When she lowered her head and the tension went out from her shoulders, he found himself softly talking. "My sister always had such wild hair, granted it was light like mine, but it would get the strangest things stuck in it. That's why I started helping her originally. The first time it was little things like twigs and leaves, but she started to make a game of hiding little things like seashells and rocks. The occasional feather or bead would wind its way in as well. She was insistent I was the only one who could safely remove the objects. I think I just didn't pull as much as mother. Her hands were soft, but they shook towards the end."

They were both quiet as he finished. But then as he wound his fingers into her hair he realized he should be productive and not just play. So he took his time and wove two french braids down her head. He continued speaking to distract himself. "As she got older, instead of hiding things in her hair she would hang the beads and feathers we had collected off special ties. Eventually, she didn't need my help tending to her hair, or much else for that matter. Regardless, I still know what I'm doing," after tying off the braids with a bit of twine, Silvanus shut his white bone comb into its small wooden box, and placed it on a shelf before returning to the porridge he left cooking. Zorah just sat where he left her, twirling the ends of her braids in her fingers.

~~

There was a knock at the door shortly after breakfast. Zorah just ignored it and continued sewing the cloth Silvanus had given her. At least she seemed to have better homemaking skills than the other women he had brought around. Zorah really was not his type, and on the younger side. Plus she rather annoyed him at times, but in general most women could not hold his attention past a few specific qualities, so what did it matter. Who's at the door anyway?

"I'll be right back," he called as he stepped outside. Zorah was too involved in her project to do more than nod. "What would you like now?"

"Hows she adjusting?" Alam asked.

"You mean other than almost burning down the Island?"

"It wasn't that bad,"
