 Here is chapter 2, only took me 6 months, next submission should be faster.

Just a note, this is written in both the third person and first person.

The third person is the actual woman in the future reading the autobiography.

The first person of course is the autobiography, which of course needs to be written that way.

Hope you enjoy. 

Chapter 02 -- Claiming your genie. 

Katarina picked up the book and headed to her bedroom on the ship, her pussy was absolutely soaked after reading the beginning of the book. The genie sounded amazing; apparently Kat had a little something in common with the author of this fictional book as the genie's description was what she would want in a partner. 

She laid back and fantasized that the genie was real and went down on her, like she did on her master in the book. Katarina slowly teased herself, running her fingers up and down her labia until she couldn't take it anymore. Kat slowly penetrated between the folds of her pussy a little further each time with her now soaked fingertips. 

She tweaked one of her nipples at the same time she plunged two fingers inside her pussy causing her to gasp out in pleasure. She fell onto her side and wet her middle finger on her other hand, then reached around and started teasing her ass crack and puckered hole. 

She was on the edge now, breathing hard, she wet her thumb in her pussy juice. Katarina curled her fingers inside her pussy and grazed her clit with her thumb at the same time. She screamed out in pleasure as a powerful orgasm overtook her. 

As she started to come down a little she stuck that middle finger into her ass and grazed her clit again, causing her to rise even higher into a second orgasm which caused her body to convulse in pleasure and ripped a scream from her lungs. Breathing heavily, she lay there in the afterglow and licked her pussy juice off her fingers and thumb.

When she was calm and feeling sated she jumped in the shower, performed her daily maintenance checks to make sure the ship was operating correctly. After a quick meal for lunch she went back to her bedroom, looked at the book and said, "I still don't know where you came from, but I can't wait to read some more". She felt a little silly talking to a book, but she was alone for the rest of the week with no one to talk to. She needed to express herself on her experience this morning. She opened the book and started where she left off.

****************************

He looked down at me with awe on his face, pulling me up off my knees and into his arms and breathed out, "That was amazing, I don't remember ever cumming that hard." 

Still panting in lust I managed to say, "Thank you master, it was my pleasure too." 

He drew me in for a deep kiss then broke off and started to blush and stuttered out, "Ummm, I probably should have asked before you did that, but what is your name? I'm Mike." 

I looked at him with an adoring smile and stole a kiss before answering, "I don't have one, you must name me to complete the bond between Genie and master, as well as taking my virginity." 

He looked shocked a minute and questioned "You're a virgin?" 

I replied, "Yes, I am for you only, if you don't claim me you can put me back or destroy me if you so desire." 

Mike's face blanched, and then it softened. He took me into his arms and told me, "I would never destroy you". He looked at me thoughtfully, absently playing with my long blonde hair, causing my body to melt against him, and asked, "How about Sara, I always thought it was a beautiful name, and I think it would fit you." 

I smiled happily and a few tears fell from my eyes and I whispered in his ear, "Thank you master." 

He turned and looked into my eyes and said, "I told you my name is Mike." 

I gave him and impish smile, kissed my way to his ear and whispered seductively, "Yes master." I felt Mike's cock harden between my legs, the tip resting between my ass cheeks. I squeezed his head between my ass cheeks and purred in his ear, nipping the lobe once and said, "What is your wish... master?"

Mike groaned then looked at me, eyes narrowed. He spanked me lightly on the ass and said, "You're going to be my kind of trouble aren't you." 

He then rolled over on me and freed my milky white tits and took one of my pink hardened nipples into his mouth, sucking and nibbling lightly. Then he bit down just hard enough while squeezing my other nipple between his thumb and index finger to draw out a loud panting moan. 

I ran my fingers through his hair, pulling him tightly against my teat as he went back to sucking and teasing with his tongue. His other hand was caressing my side up and down slowly, his fingertips leaving a path of tingling flesh in their wake. Then his hand roamed lower teasing the inside of my thighs. 

I started mewling in anticipation of his hand on my already hot tingling pussy, then he was there and I tried to grind myself against his teasing light fingers. He wouldn't touch my clit or penetrate me yet and I was riding on the edge. 

He then started kissing down my stomach pulling short gasps from my lips and worked his way down between my legs. He started teasing me, licking me on the outside of my pussy lips and along them which had me groaning and writhing. 

He had me begging him, "Please, please let me cum master."

Mike plunged his tongue inside the folds of my pussy and rolled my nipple with his fingers and I started screaming, "Yes master, make me cum, thank you master". 

When I started to fall off the cliff he shoved two fingers into my wet pussy, and started to flick my clit with his tongue, this drove me back up to higher peaks until I exploded onto his hand. 

When I stopped screaming and started to slowly fall, losing the intense sensitivity he kissed me softly, brushing his lips on my nub causing aftershocks to run through my body. Then he moaned in approval as he lapped up some more of my pussy juice. 

He slowly kissed his way up my body, across my neck and whispered to me very softly, "I am going to take your virginity now, my Sara." 

He directed his cock into my virgin pussy, when he reached the barrier, he quickly shoved past it then stopped dead as I gasped and my whole body turned rigid. He kissed my ears and neck gently and whispered encouragement. I slowly relaxed and my pain transformed to pleasure and I got used to him inside me.

Mike looked at me and got an evil grin on his face, which made me a little nervous. He leaned back in and sucked my earlobe, then he whispered to me in a playful tone, "I wish you to orgasm as many times as it takes to make you a sated puddle of goo in the middle of my bed, I will orgasm on your last one." 

I looked up at him with wide eyes, a naughty smile on my face, "Yes master."

He started to take me then, slow and teasing at first, in and out, progressively faster. I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him into me, my greedy pussy wanting it deeper. We kissed passionately, hungrily as he took me hard, each time I convulsed in orgasm screaming out, "Master." 

I was unable to kiss so he pulled back to watch my face and stare into my eyes as my pussy juices flowed around his hard cock and ran out and coated his balls and ran down the crack of my ass. My body overwhelmed and vibrating with pleasure, he held me level at each orgasm then brought me a little higher for the next one. 

By around the 6th orgasm I was crying out begging him to stop, that it was too intense, but also hoping he would not. Unwilling to give up this painful pleasure my master was putting me through. My magic ensured he had the stamina to complete the wish, so he didn't suffer fatigue as he tirelessly pounded into me, not once stopping or taking a break. 

The final time I came I felt his cock engorge inside me which made me scream and cum so hard I passed out for a few moments. 

I just laid there, a puddle of orgasmic goo on his bed unable to move for the longest time, my body and mind overcome. I looked up and said with a hitch in my voice, "Thank you master, I am yours for as long as we live." 

He looked down at me and raised his eyebrow and said, "We?" 

I nodded and replied, "Yes, I will cease to exist when you die master." 

He frowned at me in concern, "I'm not sure I like that idea, but I'm guessing it's a rule?" 

I reached up and caressed his face, "Yes master, it's how I was created."

It is hard to describe how I felt at this moment. My essence was completely bound to his soul. I could close my eyes and sense exactly where he was now and my protection magic was in full effect. 

No matter how far physically he might be I would be connected, and he would be protected. We could even communicate mind to mind. My heart was full of joy and I felt complete as we succumbed to slumber.