 A.N. Sorry this took so long in comparison to the rest. I was trying desperately to keep Silvanus and Zorah from misbehaving and only halfway managed it. Sneaky, Sneaky they were! I finally have some ideas on properly reediting the first chapter or two to help it flow better, so look for that around the same time I post the next addition.

As always, Thank you for reading!

~~

CORIAN:

Scarcely tasting her lunch, Corian tried to hide her giddy nervousness from Derrick. She had just left Zorah and Silvanus back at the inn and only had a day and a half to spend with this handsome man sitting in front of her. Corian didn't want to mess this up. Besides coming up with a great business plan, and making her feel like a woman, he willingly made it through one very childish tantrum.

Corian couldn't help but feel grateful, and exceptionally excited.

"Alright," Derrick said, after they finished their meal and got a general outline for Corian's budding business in order. "Is there anything you want to do this evening? I have the rest of the night off, I just have a few things to do tomorrow morning and possibly later in the day, but you can feel free to tag along, or do your own thing. It is completely up to you," Derrick spread his lips in a wide grin and Corian was enamored by his dimples.

"It would be nice to relax after everything that happened," Corian said after a moment. Knowing full well what she wanted, but not wanting to seem like a complete lush.

"Relax like go for a walk, take a nap, have a massage, take a bath, have sex?" Derrick asked innocently.

Corian felt the blush rise in her cheeks. "Honestly, a massage would be great but I don't want to make you do all the work,"

"Well, there are a few options to that end. I can just do all the work, teach you how, or we can visit one of my Mother's Houses and both get one together,"

"Your Mother lives here?"

"No, she owns a few businesses and one of them are in this city. Most are along the coast line," he paused thoughtfully, "I think that is so that she can keep track of me. I never know which one she will be visiting, but I doubt she will be here. Fern keeps this one in order when she is gone and I think you'll like her well enough,"

"I am fine with whatever," Corian nervously replied.

"I hope so," Derrick commented, but did not elaborate when she questioned him.

~~

It was a good thing his hot arm encircled her waist and drew her forward. Corian had stopped dead in the middle of the street when she realized where she was being taken to, and didn't want to draw attention to herself.

"Am I even allowed in there?" Corian whispered ferociously as they came steadily closer to the bordello entrance.

"Of course! The girls will love you, They are even better at giving massages than I am. After all, they are the ones that taught me," Derrick said, ushering her further inside.

It took Corian a few moments to get used to the low lighting after being out in the bright afternoon sun, but when her eyes adjusted, it looked a lot more typical than expected. The main room was set up like a standard bar, with the exception of some additional plush furniture, and much more barmaids than usual. Dressed in all levels of decency. There were a few men at the bar and one or two of them started to stand when Corian had entered, but then identical grins split their faces and they sat back down, waving to Derrick.

He acknowledged them and they returned to their conversation. "That is Jordan and Hampton, they keep the girls here safe, it is just me so there's no reason for them to take their posts," Corian just nodded sheepishly, looking around.

There was one woman with a distinct sway to her hips that approached. A funny smile crossed Derricks lips and he dipped his lips to Corian's ear, "She's new, just play along, the Girls do this to all the new employees,"

"Hylo Sugar," she said, her accent strange, "Whaytever your lookan' for, Ay can help you with," Her low cut bodice would be overspilling if her breasts were any larger, and Corian found herself mesmerized by the rolling jiggle of the bronzed flesh. They were not terribly much bigger than her own, but hers could never sway in that fashion.

Corian realized she had zoned out when she felt a slight jostle from Derricks hand at her waist, she looked up quickly, "Isn't that right?" he was asking her, the crinkle in his eye told her to agree.

She just nodded quickly and ducked her head, trying to hide the embarrassed flush on her cheeks.

"Oh isn't she just the sweetest!" the woman exclaimed. She brushed her hand up and down Corian's arm sensually.

"Oh and I was hoping you could, uh, do us another favor," Derrick put on a wicked grin that startled Corian, but he rubbed his thumb on her waist reassuringly. Leaning in close he took his free hand, brushing the knuckle of his first finger over the crests of the woman's breasts as he leaned in and whispered into her ear. Corian couldn't help but feel jealous at the interaction.

The blush and smile that crossed the other's face drew ice into Corian's. "Of course," she breathed, excited glint in her eyes, "Ay could definitely halp you with that, so long as discretion is taken with the management," She whispered the last bit.

Derrick's arm stiffened. Corian looked back at him but his countenance was just he same as before she responded. "Oh," he said sadly, confusion flickered across the woman's face, "well, than we have a bit of a problem. You see, I'm the management's son and unfortunately," His arm shot up and he made a beckoning motion, "None of those things are appropriate here, as I am certain you were taught, and we have a very strict policy about the conduct of our employees. Unfortunately, you will have to apply with one of our competitors who typically don't have any qualms about those behaviors,"

Jordan and Hampton approached, and Derrick turned to them speaking in a loud, direct voice, "Unfortunately, Miss Louise will be resigning today. If you would be so kind as to collect her current earnings and the forecast through the end of the week. She has decided that we are not a good fit and would like to depart on good terms," He gave Louise, whose name Corian must have missed earlier, a respectful bow before steering Corian away towards the other women starting to cluster by hallway in the back.

By the time they arrived, many of the once bare women had pulled on a shawl. "Girls," Derrick greeted them as he walked up, a few came over and gave him a kiss on the cheek or a quick hug. Corian was becoming more embarrassed and nervous by the second.

"Derrick," they all chorused back at him, some giggling.

"This is Corian, I hope you'll make her feel at home," There were a few hello's that Corian managed to pick out from the jumble of greetings, "We are actually here to solicit a massage from two of you,"

There was a sudden gasp of excitement and a few of the women started speaking at once. Derrick chuckled and lifted his hand to get their attention. When they were quiet enough for them to speak. "Now don't go tattling on me to Mother, I hoped to surprise her in person, you hear? Besides, Corian needs to decide if she feels at home with all of us and still wants to hang around," Corian's eyes grew wide and she was staring wildly around. "If you Girls keep frightening her," Derrick pressed a kiss to Corian's forehead, "she might blow away and then where would I be?"

A tittering giggle passed through the group before one of the more mature women stepped forward. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Corian. My name is Sarah, but I go by Iris here. I can tell by how startled you are that you do not frequent places like this often, but let me assure you we hold ourselves to a higher standard here. Derrick's mother takes wonderful care of us and provided many of us a life that we could not obtain ourselves if it wasn't for her compassion. Many of us who have been around for some time helped raise Derrick and think of him as our own son or brother," there was a murmur of agreement, "Derrick has never brought a Lady friend around before, and we hope that you are comfortable. Or, at least, will become so,"

Corian could not help but feel grateful to Sarah for her blatant explanation. Corian's grateful smile lit her face. Before she had a chance to verbally express her thanks another woman clapped her hands in excitement. "Oh! You are adorable! It is like I can read the thoughts on your face before you say a word! I love it!" Corian felt the blush enter her face and the girl clapped again, another woman elbowed her.

"He said not to scare her, just shush you!" And the tittering giggle swept throughout the group again, stronger.

"Alright, alright!" Derrick said, laughing. "Which two of you are the least crazy, and want to help us out? We were both on the ship when it was attacked and Corian here saved many, many peoples lives by keeping their Mage in check. She deserves some mental and physical time off. Tammy, what do you say?" His tone was a reassuringly neutral by the end and Corian had dropped her hand to cover the one still encircling her waist and squeezed it gently.

Tammy was beautiful, she did not need to accent her assets like many of the others here. She was dressed modestly and flowed to the front of the group. "I suppose I can work today, Fern is out though, so there will be a small chance I have to deal with one thing or another. Fern will be grateful for the weeding you did today though. I was wondering about her, there has been a few more of the shady types coming around. Maple dear, would you like to accompany me?" One of the more youthful girls, with hair the color of sap, came forward. Maple had a shawl scarcely covering her bare shoulders and chest. She made a slight hand gesture, "Alright, go set up the couples room, I will be in there shortly, I need to quickly deal with Louise's wages,"

Maple scurried off, Derrick sat down on one of the couches and pulled Corian down next to him. "It will be a minute, do you have anything you want to talk about Corian?"

Her mind was actually quite blank minding the circumstance, but she racked it for a question. "It is really so busy here? This town doesn't seem big enough for all of you,"

"Oh no," Sarah cut in to shush the giggles, "we have plenty enough business, but we are by no means crowded. Our business is run a bit differently than most. We do not allow drugs or abuse, we have magic wards to keep our girls healthy, so we can charge more, Which makes our time more productive,"

"Plus a few of my mothers special lotions. They completely change the experience,"

"We also do more than just provide a warm hole or crazy sex. We train the Girls in music, dance, and massage. Our girls are free to move about between The Matron's establishments. We get a lot of business from the sailors, Our Matron has great business sense, and from what I understand this one here," she motioned at Derrick, "has inherited it. I really don't mean to scare you off, I don't know how long you have been together or how invested you are, but, having taken part in raising him, Derrick here can take care of you in more ways than one," Corian tried desperately to hide her blush, "and if he is bringing you here, he is serious about you. At least give him a fighting chance to win you over,"

Corian could no longer make eye contact with the group. Derricks thumb was rubbing over her ribs gently. Corian took a deep breath, "Thank you. I am still trying to sort some things out, but so far I think you've done a great job with him. I also want to apologize for the assumptions I had over your trade-"

"Oh, no, your assumptions are quite often correct, we are just excessively lucky that Our Matron is one of the generous ones. After all, working for a woman in this trade is much better than working for a man. No affront intended Derrick," Sarah said. When Corian looked up Sarah had a beautiful smile on her face.

He waved a hand passively, "of course. I think Maple is ready for us. Tammy will join us when she is ready," He stood, letting go of Corian's waist for the first time since she hesitated in the street, "Corian?" She felt her hear leap into her throat when he preformed a flourishing bow and extended his arm for her to take. "If the Lady would accompany me, I would be so grateful,"

Even with the tittering women, Corian could not unlock her eyes from Derricks as lightning shot through her. She slowly lifted her hand to his and was lead away to their room.

There were candles lit, the room was warm and two narrow beds stood in the middle of the room. There was beautiful fabric draped around the walls and a small sweet smelling fire lit on a table to the side, little rocks stacked around it.

Maple pointed to the beds in a fluent way then departed, drawing the door shut behind her.

Corian just looked questioningly at Derrick. He smiled and pulled her in close and tipped her back slightly. Corian didn't have but a moment to gasp before his lips were softly sealed to her in a passionate kiss. Corian felt herself relax into his arms and bring her hands up to rest on his slightly prickly cheeks.

Derrick pulled back slightly to retrieve some air before kissing her again, parting her lips with his so he could go deeper. She felt his tongue slide over her lips and reached hers up to meet him. After a time when they started to break again she felt his teeth craze her bottom lip and instinctively pressed herself to him. She felt him smile against her and shifted his hands before dipping her low so her upper body was completely supported by his arms. It was exhilarating and she moaned her happiness into the kiss.

As she was righted, Derricks hands were sliding under her shirt, pulling it up as he trailed his hands over her burning skin. They had to break their kiss to remove it completely. They returned to kissing as derricks hands traced lazily across the binding at her breasts. Most likely searching for the tail end.

He found it, and began removing it without looking. Corian was breathing hard, which she was sure was hindering him. Pausing in her fondling, Corian watched the intensity of his eyes as he worked. He never looked away from hers but managed the long awkward piece of fabric as if he had done it a million times.

Concern filled her as the thought occurred to her that may chance he had indeed been with some of these women, how would she compare? His hands stilled. She really did show all her emotions didn't she. Not wanting to explain, or to worry, he obviously wanted her still, Corian flashed a smile and started removing his shirt as well. She let her fingertips trace intimately over his chest, enjoying the decent patch of curly chest hair.

She worked her way down and removed his pants and small clothes as well. Finding great excitement at his waiting flesh that sprung up to meet her. When they were both thoroughly naked, Derrick guided her to one of the beds and indicated that she lay down in a prone position. She pouted at him for a moment but he just chuckled.

"All in good time, Corian. But first, your massage," He kissed her gently on the shoulder before climbing upon the other bed. He placed his head in the strange hollow pillow that stuck out one end and hung his arms onto the little ledge under it. Corian sighed and followed suit.

Not moments after they were settled, the to women bustled into the room. "How-" Corian started, quite surprised by their entrance.

"Relax, It is out business to anticipate the needs of our clients," Tammy said.

Corian began to feel anticipation interpose itself over her warm fuzzies and suddenly wanted her clothes back.

However when Tammy's hands touched her, the sudden tingling heat that radiated out was so relaxing, Corian could do naught but sigh, and lay her head back down.

~~

SILVANUS:

He headed back into their rented room to get some supplies after his foray with the twins that afternoon. Ignoring Zorah when he entered, in hopes to get to the bathhouse quickly. He was entirely too sticky.

"Whatcha' up to?" Zorah asked. She was in the same spot he had left her in though the sheets were much more neatly placed.

"I am looking for my soap,"

"Your bathing before dinner?" When he didn't respond, the slight giggle proved she began to draw her own conclusions. "Twenty-two," she muttered to herself. Pausing to look at her Silvanus raised an eyebrow in question. "I'm just keeping count of your flightless bird's children," She replied in a half giggling, half insulted voice.

"You know something Zorah?"

She forced her giggling to stop and drew the most serious face she could manage, "I know lots of somethings, which one in particular your curious about is debatable,"

With a patient sigh usually reserved for children, Silvanus stated, "From the first day you arrived here you have been speaking nonsense, if you don't quit I am going to have to permanently ignore you," finally retrieving his soap and a spare pair of pants he stood to go.

"Hey! Wait! I am just teasing, its insanely boring here by myself without anything to do! Besides I want a shower or a bath or at least a wet rag too! Don't you dare leave me here!" Zorah did her best to scoot to the edge of the bed and managed to get untangled from the sheets before Silvanus uncrossed his arms and went to help her.

"This time of day I doubt there will be anyone there but me to help you," Silvanus said, hand extended. 

"Honestly if I do nothing but float in my clothes, I will be intensely happy," When she lifted her hand to slip into Silvanus' she winced from the pain in her shoulder. "but, I would like to know how far away it is,"

Taking her hand and sucking away most of the pain he helped her to stand. He could feel the rest of the pain radiating off of her and waited for it to calm before answering, "only a five minute walk if I carry you,"

Zorah narrowed her eyes at him, obviously debating the consequences of being seen on the streets in his arms. Zorah tried to take a few tentative steps on her own. "Why don't you grab me some clothes, carry me down the steps and we will see,"

"Your wearing a different shirt," Zorah muttered when they were about halfway down the stairs.

"My other one has been torn,"

"Its softer," Zorah said, leaning against him. Silvanus took Zorah a few steps further and put her down just outside the inn. He had thought about asking Liz to come help but she was obviously busy with the dinner patrons. Focusing herself, Zorah began mumbling encouraging words to herself over and over as she walked as much as she could with the rents in her skin.

After a few feet, Silvanus felt the increasingly familiar buzzing on his skin. "Zorah?" he asked,

"Yeah?" she said, looking up at him, the buzzing instantly stopped, her body started to tense from pain again.

"What are you saying?" Clarity started eking its way into his mind. The crinkle in Zorah's brow was    the only answer she gave before going back to her mumblings. "Zorah-" Silvanus started slowly when the tingling started again. "I think your using magic,"

She twisted so fast in his arms to look up at him that tears sprang into her eyes from the pain. Hissing through her teeth she tried to smile. "If I am, I suck at it, all I want to do is walk without pain. -Unfortunately that's not happening,"

"Come on, lets go get cleaned up,"

"Yes, you smell like vagina,"

The hair on Silvanus' neck bristled. "I'd be clean by now if you had just let me leave," his tone was as flat as a sheet of ice. Zorah had the decency not to respond.

When they arrived, Silvanus dropped some coins in the tenant box and looked at some cards on the walls. "It is not that busy, do you want to take a family room or the public room?" Zorah's eyes were wide when he looked back at her. "Alright, you're shy so family room it is, besides with your wounds it would pry be best,"
