 Authors Note:

Shhhhhhhhh..... I am well aware that it has taken me probably a year and a half to touch this story (I have some reedits on previous chapters, some of which are already submitted) yeah, your and you're.... I did really really have a problem with that, even though I know the difference I was passing them by in my edits.

ANYWAY, I was writing so much before because we were trying for our first child, and I had sex on the brain non-stop. Well, my hormones are shifting again and I found myself sitting up in the middle of the night needing to write, so here is more of the story! 

~~~

Silvanus:

Rubbing his temples he left his head in his hands, too drained to care much about what Alam was lecturing him on. Thankfully, he had missed the main event in the bath house, but having realized they were there together, had come immediately. Silvanus couldn't even focus on what the Seer was saying to him.

Suddenly standing up, hands pressed firmly against the table Silvanus leaned in towards the Seer to get his attention. "Her virtue is still intact Alam. It is not something I would take without thought. All you are doing here is making me want to rethink that just to spite you. Unfortunately for me, I realize that will cause me more problems in the long run than bothering you is worth. Now unless you have something more important to say than this older brother or spurned lover speech-" he held up a hand and closed his eyes to stop Alam's objections, "-I am going back up to our room. I promised not to leave her alone. Stop for a second and think about what your putting her through before you try and stop me because of your own inadequacies,"

Thankfully it was easy enough to leave, Alam seemed to be too bemused by Silvanus' different attitude and emotionless voice to respond properly. On his way up the stairs he stopped one of the barmaids and requested a strong magic barrier spell be delivered to the room, and that the man standing awkwardly in the corner would pay for it. Goodness knows he didn't need to be watched all night. He was already feeling awkward about what happened earlier with Zorah.

Silvanus went back up to their room to find Zorah in a chair by the window, her blanket spewed awkwardly between her and the bed. After what seemed like an eternity of watching the sunlight shine in her hair, but was probably only about 20 seconds, Zorah spoke.

"I lost my blanket on my way over here. Do you mind helping me?" Her voice was as small as it was when she was in his arms, but had lost most of the rest of the spark. Silvanus felt an odd twist in his throat as he went and gathered up her blanket and draped it around her, fingers lingering on her hair after pulling it from under the material bunching at her tall neck. "Sorry."

"What?" Silvanus said, dumbly, after quickly withdrawing his hands from her, before he realized she was apologizing, not insulting.

"I am sorry," she said more clearly, stealing a glance at him. He sat down on the end of her bed wondering what else was going to happen today. He apparently was quiet too long because, in the same small dry voice she continued, "normally you respond in some way, or another, to a phrase like that."

Running a few things through his head, Silvanus finally settled on one. "You are forgiven?" Ah, it came out too obvious of a question, Silvanus cringed.

Zorah ignored that, "You are forgiving me without knowing what I am asking forgiveness for?"

"Alright," Silvanus sighed, heaving his heavy chest, "What are you sorry about?"

"One, I took without giving, and two I took with no qualms, and that is not like me,"

"Zorah I only touched your hips, nothing-" Silvanus choked on the rest of the sentence when Zorah turned and caught his gaze. He found himself drawn forward by the turmoil in her eyes.

"Don't-" she said, stopping him. Silvanus had scarcely realized that he was about to scoop her into his arms.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Remembering his order Silvanus quickly answered it and took the spell. Turning it over in his hands a few times he found what he wanted and activated the small crystal. A dim glow issued from it and he placed it in the middle of the room on the floor. Looking up Silvanus saw Zorah's quizzical look and said, "To keep the prying eyes out, I am rather tired of being watched by His Royal 'Peek In On Everyone Because He Wants To' I would like to sleep in peace tonight."

Zorah let out a little giggle, but covered her mouth and sighed. "It is important that I tell you this Silvanus," She gave him a moment to sit back down and turned in her chair to face him more comfortably. "I did not know it was fake," she cleared her throat to remove an emotional frog before continuing, "I did not know that those advances were just a parlor trick and not actually happening to me, and yet I stood there, let it happen, and worse yet for you, did not even try to reciprocate-" she lifted her arm in a painful gesture and silenced Silvanus before he realized he should be objecting. "it was completely inappropriate and out of character of me to act that way and I am sorry to my self for not maintaining my own established morals, and I am ashamed about being so greedy when put in that situation,"

Formulating the fastest response possible, Silvanus found himself saying, "But you did try and give back," When she cocked her head he touched his lips and Zorah blushed.

"No," Zorah said softly, "I am not apologizing for that, I gave that knowing full well what was going on, I am talking about when I thought we were having sex, I just accepted it. Past not trying to stop you, I didn't even try and reach out to you, or acknowledge that it would have been both of us committing the act,"

"Oh," Silvanus said suddenly, realizing what was bothering her so much, "No, Zorah, don't worry about that! When I am using my magic like that I can anticipate what you are going to do next and I purposefully distract you from it so you can't reach out and find out it is a mirage. It is a tactic I developed to keep my talents hidden. That is not on your head at all."

Zorah's mouth opened and closed a few times as she tried to sort her thoughts. Finally more of her spunk was in her voice when she replied again, "I still should have fought you off in the beginning so it never got to that point,"

"Mmnn, for that I have no answer," Responding to her typical personality slipping out, Silvanus found himself goading her again in a patronizing tone, "but what did you mean by, 'That's all I can spare', and 'It will already hurt to have what I have given shared'? Are you jealous of the other girls?"

An embarrassed flush crept over Zorah's face before she managed a response, her voice was timid at first, but grew into her usual obstinate tone with every word, "oh, we are bringing up that conversation are we? Well then, you wouldn't mind explaining to me about how you are not what everyone things and says of you." Silvanus was too relieved to have her normal mood back to stop her before she hit the nail on the head, "So is the reason you are so certain you don't have ninety something kids running around isn't because you keep tabs on the women, it's because you haven't actually had sex with any of them," Silvanus' jaw dropped and his usual charisma was long ago gone, Zorah was still talking through her theory but Silvanus wasn't hearing it, the world shrunk down to him and about 3 square feet of floor.

Silvanus swung his legs over the bed to get off on the opposite side, away from her. He stood there a while, completely detached from everything except his tiny world, unsure what to do next. A gentle caress on the back of his arm drew him into reality. He looked over his shoulder and saw Zorah's apologetic face, her concern for him was larger than the pain she felt in her body from her wounds.

They stood there some time before she spoke, "There is nothing wrong with it, unless you are wishing you weren't a virgin,"

Silvanus snorted, breaking the spell, "whether or not I have physically done the act with my body, I have done it with my magic, I am far less innocent than you,"

"True, but if you are holding out for something, I find that admirable,"

"No, no I don't think I am, not anymore." Why was he telling her this? Who is this woman placed in his charge? Why is he talking like this with her? "It is true I don't like waste, I was taught that from a young age,"

'Really? I am still talking? Am I just going to be some Sap, be That Guy, and talk like this?'

"But really from the start, it was an accident, then it was as a game, who could I trick as payback, then it was a kind of trademark, and now it is what it is and who I am, and yes it is starting to bother me, but who can I really go to and have that moment and honestly share it? It would be just ridiculous, after all this time, just to take it to take it, and have it be only for me."

"You will find her," Zorah said simply, Silvanus realized she was getting heavier and heavier against his arm, turned and scooped her up, sucking out the pain in her body as he did.

"Stop being so sentimental, I don't know what to do with you,"

"Sleep with me," Zorah said, nestling her head against his chest again, his entire body froze and she looked up, giggling sleepily, "I literally mean sleep, not sex, I don't hurt when I am with you, and I'm feeling a bit attached to you right now, can we? Or is that crossing a line? I thought those all got crossed already."

"Not all of them," Silvanus mumbled, as he tried to make up his mind, but when she nestled her head back onto his chest, he wanted to wrap himself around her. They both deserved a moment like this didn't they?

~~

Zorah:

When she woke up there was a heavy weight laying across her side and holding her stomach. When she tried to stretch she realized she was spooning. When she squirmed a little she instantly realized there was a very unmistakable and potentially large morning wood pinned between her butt cheek and the owners hips. After remaining frozen for a few agonizing seconds Zorah gave into her extremely strong desire to rock her hips gently to learn a little more about the heat behind her.

Being as careful as she could she discovered that yes, the member was of considerable length and width. Her body gave an involuntary shutter as it shifted and nestled right between her cheeks and Silvanus subconsciously tightened his grip on her and rocked his hips letting out a small moan in his sleep. The sound of it near her ear caused her breath to hitch and her hips to press a little firmer. Delicious flashbacks of the day before started to fill her mind as she imagined him running his hands over her, prepping her. She could feel his cock stirring and expanding further between them and she whimpered. His face shifted and nestled into her neck, his nose bumping just behind her ear. Zorah sucked in her own breath as she felt his hot breath blow over the crook of her neck. In fact, that heat was being replicated between her legs with every steady breath that blew over her. She rubbed her thighs together slightly, trying not to arch her back too much as she attempted to alleviate the passion before it got out of her control.

"Zorah," Silvanus' throaty whisper sent both a chill down her spine and luscious tingles down her neck. Fear won out and she froze mid squirm.

Silvanus cleared his throat a little and tried again, "Zorah, I am not sure if you are aware of what you are doing, but I can both sense and smell your body reacting, and it will get very hard for me to not use my powers on you if you keep this up,"

Zorah let out a conflicted cry and peeled herself off him and tightened herself into a tiny ball just inches away from his throbbing erection. 

However, while withering in her own dilemma, she felt Silvanus take a fistful of her hair and draw it to his face. He let out his own groan as he buried his face in her hair, twining the strands round his fingers and making a tight fist as he held it there. The fine hairs at the base of her neck were pulled in just a way that Zorah let out a passionate gasp as the prickling sensation shot to her core.

Making up her mind in that instant, Zorah cried out Silvanus' name and a request, "Please! Please Silvanus, promise me you won't touch me," The groan he let out came from deeper in his chest. And he clutched her hair tighter against his lips. "Please, Silvanus, I need an answer. Promise you won't touch me,"

Hands shaking ever so slightly with the forced control, Silvanus took one more deep whiff of her hair, and spoke with them dancing on his lips before letting the silky strands go, "I promise Zorah, I won't touch you," Silvanus untangled his fingers and started to draw away from her. However, the second she was free, Zorah twisted in the bed and threw back the blanket, her hand coming to rest on his chest to keep him from leaving.

Silvanus' brow began to furl, but Zorah was not about to explain. After all, he did not warn her last time. Eyes locked into his, Zorah began pulling at the tie to his pants. She saw the panic spread across his face and his hands came up to push her away. She shook him off, never letting go of the ties, and winced in pain as she stretched her wounds, This reaction, thankfully, was enough to make him pause and she reminded him of his promise.

Seeing his mouth open and close like a fish out of water in response to her reminder, Zorah smirked and finally freed the poor bird from the laces. When she finished staring him down and was sure he was not going to interfere, Zorah took her hot gaze off of Silvanus' eyes and turned it to her catch. She had felt it against her, and had felt it spring free, but she was not prepared for what she saw and her eyes opened like saucers.

It is not that it was large beyond belief or anything as unrealistic as that, but just the ability his cock had to stand up at attention like that was mesmerizing to her. It was a little bigger than she had pictured in her mind, and honestly than she felt he portrayed with his antics the day before. But the mushroom head was not at all shaped like the pictures in health class. Part of the skin was pulled up and cradling the top part that usually looked like a mushroom cap. It looked like it was being eaten, or peeking out of a sleeping bag.

Curiosity got the better of her and she poked it. "Whats that?"

Silvanus twitched at her touch and she giggled, poking at it again, "Hey!" Silvanus exclaimed, shifting under her, "What's what?" there was an edge of panic to his voice.

"This, Zorah said gently pulling at the skin, leaning her face in close to see it stretch,"

"Okay, get off!" Silvanus' voice took on an odd tone, and he grabbed at her shoulders.

"What?! No!" Zorah took a firm grip of his penis and leaned in, pulling it against her like she was trying to keep a toy away from another child. "It's fine, there's nothing wrong, its just different than the diagrams at school!"

"Diagrams?!" Silvanus exclaimed, pushing at her more.

"You said you wouldn't touch me!" Zorah hollered gripping tighter, Silvanus let out a strangled cry and let go. Zorah immediately loosened her grip and kissed the head lightly in apology. Silvanus gasped in surprise. "I'm sorry," she whispered, unsure if she was apologizing to him or his penis. Or if there was a difference at that point. "It's just different than the pictures," Zorah repeated, looking up at his face. "Its my first time seeing a real one,"

Silvanus closed his eyes, took a few deep breaths and slowly looked at Zorah, "I am not sure what to think, but you look so cute down there clutching me that I am just going to pretend this is all something normal," Zorah felt a blush rising to her face as he continued. "That is my foreskin, it keeps me protected and clean, some men have it removed at birth, in some places that's more common and it must be that way where you live,"

Zorah felt her blush spread to her ears, "Oh," she heard herself say in a tiny squeak, "You're uncircumcised," Silvanus' eyes rolled back in his head as she pulled gently on his shaft and the skin rolled away to expose more of his purple head. Zorah planted another kiss on it and was pleased when his breathing hitched.

"Zorah, we don't need to do this," Silvanus tried, but Zorah wrestled away a smirk and darted her tongue out to taste him. She was rewarded with a small bead of liquid leaking from his head. She licked that up and twirled it around on her tongue, not entirely sure what it was but supposed it was like her own juices. Holding his shaft in two hands, Zorah decided she liked the flavor and began licking at his head like it was an ice cream cone. Silvanus began a few more protests, but they all began to die off into incoherent thoughts.

Satisfied with his flavor and the amazingly soft texture of his head on her tongue, Zorah began slowly exploring the shaft with her hands. She began to pump up and down and started to lick in time to her thrusts. Suddenly, Silvanus was fisting her hair again. Zorah pulled her mouth away to remind him of his promise but when she saw the look of his face, Zorah knew his body was moving on its own. She felt his hips start to thrust jerkily against her hands and turned back to her work, when she started to feel him tense Zorah backed off, His erratic breathing and the way his hips followed her hands told her she was right in assuming that he was close, looking up at him again to find his eyes closed, she called his name gently, his hips stilled and his eyes flicked open, meeting hers, hazy with lust.

Zorah could feel a tingle starting at her scalp like he was starting to use his magic, probably to diffuse the passion and she swallowed quickly, licked her lips, and maintaining eye contact, plunged her mouth down over his cock while suddenly pistoning her hand over the base of his shaft. Hollowing her cheeks as she sucked , it apparently didn't matter that she bumped him slightly with her teeth in her inexperience because on the third bob his head snapped back and she started to feel it jerk and throb in her hand and his fist in her hair pulled her up and away.

Almost.

Zorah heaved herself back down and managed to catch almost everything in her mouth. Holding onto most of his cum for a moment Zorah decided she liked the first juices better and swallowed down her salty treat. Looking up as she was licking at a little trickle at the corner of her mouth, she saw Silvanus' surprised look, and covered her mouth with the back of her hand, starting to shrink backwards she realized Silvanus still had her hair in his hand.

"Did I do something wrong?" Zorah asked quietly. Then fear spread, "My teeth didn't hurt you did they?!"

In answer Silvanus pulled her up to him, said "No," and kissed her chastely on the lips. He then paused, licked his own, tilted his head slightly, cradled Zorah's face in his hands, and finished licking off the corner of her mouth. "Odd taste," he said simply, letting Zorah go. "What is wrong?" he asked, "You're as red as a beet,"

"Did you just taste your own sperm?"

"Yes," he said slowly, "You looked like you were enjoying it,"

"I liked the first stuff better," Zorah found herself admitting.

"The precum?" Silvanus said thoughtfully.

Zorah sat back on her haunches and lifted her hands in the air for a good stretch. Her tight muscles protested with a pleasant ache, and her wounds were tolerable. "I don't know if it is because I was with you all night or because they are healing, but I barely hurt compared to before."

"Let me see," Silvanus requested. So Zorah pulled her loose shirt up and over her head. Zorah saw Silvanus panic slightly when she leaned up on her knees and arched her back to get her tangles mass of hair free from the shirt collar. Admittedly she lingered in the pose a few seconds more than necessary, feigning difficulty. His eyes had locked on to her slightly loose breast bindings during the display, but quickly shot off to the wall as she finished.
