 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 3

*****

"Oooh, Iga, come quick, I think I found her!" I exclaim in hushed tones as I pull the tray from the freezer.

Iga hurries to my side, and examines the toe tag on the body, "Yeah, says so," she peers around me to get a good look at our prospect, "Something of a looker, too. No tits to speak of, though."

"She was pretty, but it's the brain I want," I say, tilting the head and getting a better look at her, "They say she was one of the youngest and most successful competitive chess players, so she must have had something going on upstairs."

"Sounds like it," Iga says, pulling out the body bag to prepare her for transport, "But there's also more to intelligence than just that sort of analytical stuff. She might not work as perfectly as you think."

"If something isn't working, we can use parts from more than one brain. But it said she drowned, so I don't think it's too damaged," I say, helping Iga with the bag.

"What I mean, Victoria," she pauses as we heave the corpse over to the table, and situate it in the bag, "What I mean is that this might account for personality, too. Do you really want your perfect woman to have heavily autistic traits?"

"I don't understand the question," I tell her. Honestly, no idea where Iga is going with this. But, since she doesn't really grasp much about boys, I can't expect her to understand what a perfect girl would be like, either.

"No, I guess you don't," she says, quite flatly.

The lights in the morgue blink on and off repeatedly.

"Eli, you're supposed to be keeping watch, what are you playing with the lights for," I look over to see him standing in the doorway, with a hospital worker. Shit.

On second examination, I recognize her.

Wait - what the hell is she doing here?!

"You!" I shout, pointing at the familiar, frumpy looking, messy haired, boyfriend molesting bitch.

"We meet again," she says, looking at both Iga and I, then at Eli - longer than I appreciate.

"We're like three counties over, how did you find us?" Iga asks in my stead, while I'm still in shock.

"I didn't. You found me. I was just coming into work," she shrugs.

"You're a coroner at two hospitals?" I demand.

"Oh, I'm not the official coroner of either, just some part time at both. You know how it is, places don't want to give full time with benefits and all that, so I have to make due. Not ideal, but it works. And it sometimes has perks," she grins and gives Eli a light slap on the ass, to which he jumps. About to be another corpse in here.

It's a hell of a coincidence, if it is one, but it's something I'll have to concern myself with later. I sigh and trade a glance with Iga and Eli, before turning back to the hospital she-devil.

"So... what? You going to turn us in, or what?" I ask, annoyed.

"Not at all! Why would I want anything bad to happen to my graverobbing friends, who've been so friendly with me," again, I don't care for how she looks at Eli when she says 'friendly'.

"What do you want?" I ask with clenched teeth, afraid of the answer.

"Look, if you just want to neck with Eli again for a few, I think we can arrange that," Iga blatantly offers what isn't hers to give. Two. Two corpse will be in here.

"Oh, nothing like that," the coroner waves her hand.

"I want something a little more involved," she smiles creepily, "After all, you're looking at something of a high profile body there. It will be a fair amount of work to explain what happened. I risk losing my job, you know."

"Just get to the point," I demand.

"It's simple," she says, "Either I can call security, and we can all go downtown with the police, or just your handsome friend can take a quick trip downtown for me."

"I... don't follow..." I say, confused.

Iga steps over to me and stands up on her tip-toes to whisper something in my ear.

What.

"No! No, no, no, no, no! Not going to happen!" I shout, incensed that she would even suggest such a think.

"If that's the way you want it," the woman shrugs and reaches towards her phone.

"Wait! Wait wait! Hold on!" I shout, and she pauses before grabbing the phone, "Just hold on. Iga, team meeting."

I grab my lab assistant and pull her aside, facing away from that creepy woman.

"What do you think?" I whisper, "I think I can-"

"Do I get a say in this?" Eli says, and I peer back.

"Oh, um. Yeah, sure, I guess," I wave him over.

"You thinking about going through with this?" Iga asks me, some surprise in her voice.

"You're asking her if she'll go through with this?" Eli leans in, "I'm seriously right here."

I press a finger to his lips, "If you two will let me finish, I was saying, I think I can take her down with a quick swing to the head from that three hole punch on her desk, if you two will just hold her still."

"We are not killing anyone," Eli pulls my hand away, "I feel like that's a reasonable expectation. I'm putting my foot down on this one."

"Who said anything about killing? I just mean a quick blow to the head to knock her out. She'll wake up later, just fine. No permanent damage," I argue.

"Victoria, you are literally a brain surgeon, you aren't going to convince me that you believe blunt force trauma like that is harmless," he points out, holding the bridge of his nose.

"I... fine," I relent. Goddammit.

"So what do you think we should do?" I ask, "I didn't bring any chloroform, but it is a hospital, so-"

"That's never going to work," Iga chimes in, "Even if you knock her out, she's still seen all of us. I think you should probably just do what she ask."

"Again," Eli says, "I'm the one being asked to do something, not her."

"I'm not giving into that cock-extortionist!" I whisper-shout.

"I. Eli. I would be the one giving in."

I put my finger to his lips again, so I can think.

"What's the big deal? It's not like it's the first time for this," Iga tells me.

Eli's eyes open wide and he gives her an annoyed stare. My thoughts exactly, baby.

"That was just a kiss, this is different," I point out.

"No, I mean when-" she coughs, then waves her hand, "Nevermind, I see what you mean. Different."

Honestly, she gets so flaky sometimes.

"Still, he's quite good, so you might even get her help if we need more bodies," Iga continues arguing nonsense.

"I'm well aware... Wait, how do you know how-"

"The walls!" she cuts me off, "Old house. Paper thin walls. I can hear you two at night."

Of course she's a pervert like that. I'm not really angry at her, she's no good with men, so if she has to live vicariously, that's okay, I guess.

"Speaking of, you are aware that I can hear everything you say, right?" the coroner interjects, and we all raise our heads.

"How much is ever-" I start.

"Everything," she says. Shit.

"Given that you've just plotted my murder, I think I'm going to go ahead and make that call to security," she grabs the receiver.

"Stop! I'll do it!" I blurt out, all at once, in a panic, surprising even myself.

"-You'll- do it?" Eli quirks an eyebrow.

"Yes. I'll do it. I'll give her you," I say, then sigh and hang my head.

"Okay, I seriously think I should get a say in-"

"Deal!" she shouts, grabbing him by the fabric of the shirt (or scrubs, rather) over his chest, and pulls him into her office, a separate room in the morgue. I trudge after them, slowly, but she stops me at the door.

"I don't really need you for this part," she says, flatly, and closes the door in my face.

I just stand there, hearing the muffled sounds of voices on the other side.

"Come on, Victoria," Iga rests a hand on my shoulder, "Let's get this body ready to go."

It doesn't take long to get the body ready. We wrap it up and get it on the stretcher, and put it by the door. Then we go through the freezers, and we find another one worth taking. If the price is going to be exorbitant, then I'm going to take as much as I can.

But since it doesn't take long, we're left sitting here in the morgue, waiting.

I can still hear them. Not their voices anymore... well, not both of their voices. I can hear her, moaning like the slut she is. Laying it on a bit thick, too. The furniture squeaking, the rustling of clothes and papers on the desk, it's hard to pretend that anything else is happening.

"You okay?" Iga asks me, sitting down right next to me.

"No I'm not okay!" I exclaim, sitting there wringing my hands, "That filthy cock extortionist is in there putting her filthy cunt all over my poor baby!"

"Tongue," she says.

"I'm sorry?"

"You said cock extortionist," Iga raises a finger, "She's only using his tongue. She hasn't touched his cock yet."

"Oh, sorry for not being specific about the way she's molesting my boyfriend-" I pause, "Wait, what do you mean 'yet'?"

"Exactly what it sounds like. She's kissed him, and he's eating her out, but she hasn't so much as put a finger on his cock yet."

"No, I got that," I furrow my brow, "But 'yet' implies that there's going to be a future event in which she does."

"Well, given the way things have been going, if we have to make another one of these runs, and we run into her, she'll presumably want to actually fuck him next time," she explains, a little coldly clinical for the subject matter, "She escalated her demands this time, I would logically expect that to continue."

"There is not going to be a next time, Iga. I'm not letting that cancerous bitch take advantage of me or my sweetie anymore," I cross my arms.

"Hopefully we have enough bodies to work with, then."

"If we don't, we'll find some other way," I just sit there, glaring at the door.

"I don't see what the big deal is. It's not like she's taking him away from you, Victoria. You don't lose anything in the process, it's just a quick sexual favor," Iga needs to stop, "He's just tongue-fucking her, not running off with her. After she's finished cumming on his face, he's still going home with you."

"Iga..."

"Just because he sexually satisfies her doesn't diminish his ability to do the same for you, or anyone else. And he still loves you."

"Iga, can you just n- wait, anyone else?!" I turn to her sharply.

"Just a turn of phrase. Hypothetical," she puts up her hands.

"This isn't helping," I go back to staring at the door.

"Okay, then look at it this way: Do you think she compares to you? As a woman?" Iga asks.

"Of course not. I'm not a debased slut that uses blackmail to take advantage of people's boyfriends," I explain.

"Yeah, maybe we shouldn't get up on a moral high horse, what with the whole necromancy and grave robbing we're doing..." who's side is she on, now?

"...Touche. She's still mouth-raping my true love in there, so if you think that's going to-"

"Moral stuff aside, point I was getting at - we can agree that she couldn't get an Eli on her own charms, right? She's really not in your league. Either of ours," Iga moves to sit across from me.

"Of course not," I say, not mentioning that Iga couldn't get an Eli either. There's no point in being needlessly hurtful, even if she's getting on my nerves.

"So maybe this is the only way she can get attention from a real man. It's underhanded, but not something we can't understand," I hate to admit that she's got a point.

"Maybe that's true, but it doesn't mean I'm just going to give my man over to be abused by some evil whore that's beneath him," I say, wringing my hands again.

"No, of course not. But you can understand it, right? Seeing you and him, getting jealous, and using the tools at your disposal to take advantage? I don't think she's evil, just kind of pathetic, in that sense," she says.

I give a thoughtful look, but don't respond. I just go back to watching the door. Maybe Iga is right, maybe this woman is just desperate for attention and doesn't know how to get it. I guess Iga would understand that. I've seen how she looks at Eli sometimes, and I sometimes feel sorry for her.

And time keeps passing. Finally, I decide that I've had enough. I get up and rush across the floor. Iga gets up and follows me, saying something about a "bad idea", but I can barely hear her. I grab the knob and throw the office door open.

I freeze immediately. She's sitting on the desk, leaning back and holding herself up with her arms. Her labcoat is partially falling off, and her shirt is opened, one of her breasts hanging out in the air. Her skirt is hitched up and her legs are splayed wide. And there, between them, is my poor baby, being forced to lick her vile pussy. My heart goes out to him, wishing I could save him from this abuse.

He's going at it aggressively, probably trying to get this over with as fast as possible, so that he can get away from her. It's hard to admit, but watching him is actually... kind of hot. I would never say that to him, what would he think if I said I was aroused by watching this woman force herself on him? But, maybe because I've been on the receiving end, seeing him perform from outside is oddly sexy.

I don't have much time to think about it, as no sooner have I barged in, then she starts humping against his face like the crude animal she is. She starts moaning like a beast, too, and I just stand there, watching as she cums on my baby's tongue, right in front of me.

I'm still in shock as she finally subsides and collapses back against the desk, sending office supplies flying.

"Oookay, okay, you can go," she says, in between pants, waving a hand towards me, "Take whatever you want."

The ride back is quiet again. I ask Iga to drive, and thankfully, she keeps doesn't talk. I sit in the back with Eli, holding onto his arm and comforting him after his ordeal. He tells me he's fine, probably not wanting to worry me. I can't help but feel guilty for putting him through that, though.

We're all feeling better by the time we get back, though. Sacrifices have been made, but we got what we came for. Eli and Iga both help me bring the bodies into the lab. I get excited as we put them out on the slab. I think this is it, I think this is everything we need. And the bodies are in great condition.

I jump up a little like an excited girl, and thank them both. I lean over and kiss Eli lovingly, and embrace him. And then I pause.

"You... um, haven't washed your mouth out yet" I observe.

"No... didn't really get a chance," he responds, a bit sheepishly.

I go to wipe my mouth, but realize there's something familiar about this. This is the same smell, same taste, that was all over him the other night.