 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 4

***

"Wow, you're right, the muscle tissue is far denser than it should be!" Iga exclaimed, her face glued to the microscope.

"It's something I'd never expected," I explain, "But the dead tissue isn't just regenerating, it's become heartier than it was originally... or it's turning into a giant tumor. I still need to run more tests.

And I need to stop thinking about what Eli tasted like yesterday.

"And it's effecting everything like this?" she asks, looking up at me. Like she's done nothing wrong.

"Everything I've looked at so far is doing -something- like this. It isn't all identical, but there's definitely a trend for all cellular material to show heightened activity," I continue, "Whether or not it will be positive is yet to be seen. The muscles are one thing, but changes elsewhere could cause her to have massive organ failure or be braindead."

I bite my lip, trying to stay focused.

"And you said there's no more rejection?" she plants her face back on the microscope.

"There isn't. We've successfully convinced the immune system that these are all the body's own organs."

"Whose DNA did you use as a base?" Iga asks, fiddling with the scope, then looking back up.

"My own. I needed a living sample," I display a red dot on my fingertip, "It's hard to say if it will continue to work, given the changes the formula is having. In theory, it should fool even a robust immune system, but who knows how it will change."

Easy, Victoria. Just because she's the only other woman in the house, it doesn't necessarily mean anything.

"So did you want to move on to testing the-"

"Iga are you fucking my boyfriend!?" I blurt out, clenching my eyelids.

"Absolutely I'm not fucking Eli without your permission!" she shouts back, almost too quick. Then starts moving around to the other side of the lab table.

I furrow my brow, "That's an oddly specific claim, Iga. Why would you need to specify the presence of permission."

"I don't know, it just came out like that! I would never fuck him behind your back!" she's very defensive.

"You can just say you wouldn't fuck him, Iga, you don't need the qualifiers!"

"Why is this turning into a grammar lesson!"

"I don't know!" I groan and rub my temples.

"Why are you accusing me, Victoria?! What makes you think I'm the one fucking him?"

"So someone -is- fucking him?!" my eyes widen.

"I, uh, don't know that," she stammers a little, "You're the one who seems to think so!"

"His cock tasted like pussy the other day, Iga! That's evidence!"

"So you should've asked him!"

"I couldn't, I had my mouth full!"

"Wait, you just kept blowing him?" she asks, "That's kinda lewd, Victoria."

"Don't you think I know that!" I shout, "And you're the only other woman in the house."

"That isn't evidence that it was me!" she claims, "Maybe you fucked him and just forgot!"

"It didn't taste like me, Iga!"

"Oh, bullshit, you can't tell different pussies by taste! And that's also a super lewd thing to say!"

"I am aware!"

There's a lull in our shouting match, long enough for us both to calm down.

"Victoria, you're just uptight because of last night at the morgue, you should-"

"Swab!" I shout.

"I'm sorry...?"

"I need to swab your vagina. Then I can test it against the fluids on Eli next time I think he's been with another woman, and I'll know if it's you," I explain to her.

"Victoria, that's insane. You're not going to swab me, and even if you did, then I'd just stop fucking him," she pauses, "If I was the one doing it, I mean."

"Sounds like a win-win," I start digging through our lab supplies, and find a swab, "Drop your pants, Iga, this'll be quick."

"Whoa, did you not hear me say you're not going to-"

I cut her off as I rush around the table after her, wielding my swab. She yelps and takes off, trying futilely to get away from me with her shorter legs. I dive at her and tackle her to the floor, overpowering the petite hussy.

"Stop!" she demands as I try to get into her pants, "Victoria, this is all kinds of sexual assault!"

"No! This is science!" I yell, grabbing one of her arms and pinning it behind her back, trying to get her to give up.

She shouts and screams as I twist her arm, for several whole minutes, before apparently reaching her breaking point, "Stop! Stop! I give up! Yes, I'm fucking Eli! Fine! You win!"

I let go of her and stand up, "Ha! I knew... oh."

"What made you think you could touch my boyfriend!?" I demand.

Iga slowly gets up, rubbing her shoulder, "You did, Victoria."

Wasn't expecting that, "Say again?"

"You did. You asked me to fuck Eli. And you asked Eli to fuck me," she says, looking annoyed at me, "And not to talk about it."

"I realize I get lost in my work, and get absent-minded, Iga, but that's insane. When exactly did I do this?"

"It was after you finished the formula for the amnestic serum," she says.

"Excuse me, but if I invented a way to erase memories, I'm fairly sure I'd remem... Oh."

"Starting to make sense?" she asks.

"Not really! That still doesn't explain why I'd let another woman touch my baby," I cross my arms.

"You were afraid you were spending too much time in the lab, and that you weren't able to devote enough time to Eli's needs," Iga explains, sitting on a stool, "So you asked me to help you. But you were afraid you'd get too jealous, so you told us to keep it a secret, and erased your memory of the whole thing."

"That's insane, I'd... No, actually, that is kind of brilliant, now that I think about it," I idly tap my fingers on my teeth, "But how do I know this is really true? How do I know this isn't just an excuse to get away with this? Something cooked up by a short weirdo who steals other people's boyfriends because she can't get her own?"

"Okay, first of all, ouch," she says, annoyed, "I'm going to chalk that up to you being upset. Secondly, I have proof. It's in the safe in the cellar."

"We have a safe in the cellar?"

"Yes, you got it for the amnestic serum formula."

I remember having a cellar. I don't remember it being this many steps down. But then I don't remember the safe, either. Or, you know, telling my lab assistant to have a go at my boyfriend's cock. But here we are.

True to her word, the safe is right there, and she enters the combination.

"1-2-3-4-5? Really? That's the code?" I ask, incredulous.

"You said you wanted it simple. In case you forgot. I tried to explain that... you know what? Nevermind," Iga pulls it open and reaches in, producing a tape recorder.

She rewinds it to the beginning and hits play. I'm greeted by my own voice.

"This is a recording of my approval, for future use to myself, should I need to verify my agency in this arrangement," the voice starts, "I, Victoria F. Stein, hereby grant my personal approval to my loyal lab assistant, Iga, and my loving boyfriend, Eli, to have all forms of sexual congress with one another, as to make sure that my beloved's urges are satisfied when I am not present or able to do so, myself. Furthermore, I will be altering my memories of this knowledge, and they are, under no circumstances, to tell me of this arrangement, under penalty of me being super-pissed about it. Does that cover everything, Iga?" the recording comes to an end with a click.

"See? I told you that you-"

"What the hell, Iga?!" I shout.

"What? What is it now?!" she jumps back.

"What the hell do you think 'under no circumstances' means?"

"You held me down and literally twisted my arm!" she tries to make excuses.

"Fine! Fine," I hold my hands up, deciding I'd better pick my battles, "But I'm not about to amnestitize myself again right now, when I'm on the verge of such a huge breakthrough. So this thing with Eli has to stop."

"We can't do that!" she complains.

"Why not?"

"Because then Eli will know that you know!" she states what seems obvious, "Do you have any idea how much you had to go through to get him to agree to this? He thought it was insanity, and didn't want to sneak around behind your back or hurt you. If you tell him to stop cause you're jealous, how do think he'll feel?"

Oh god, she's right. I didn't think about what he wanted in this. Of course he'd object. What kind of bitch would I be if I go tell him to stop what I must have begged him to do, and make him feel awful about it? And if I tell him that I'm aware, he'll be full of guilt that he's hurting me.

"I know," Iga says, as if reading my thoughts, and reaches out and puts a hand on my shoulder, "We'll have to keep up the charade, for now. I'll try to keep it low-key."

I nod solemnly, "Thank you. And I'm sorry for trying to violate you with a swab."

"These things happen, don't sweat it," she says as we walk back upstairs, "By the way, I've been meaning to ask - what's the F stand for?"

"Froderick."

Iga snickers.

"It's a family name! Are you making fun of -my- name, Iga?"

"I'll have you know that 'Iga' is a normal Polish name!" she insists.

"Are you even Polish?"

"No, it's a coincidence that it's a real name. I think I was named after that Castlevania guy."

--

"But you can't!" she'd said.

"We usually get together at this time!" she'd said.

"If I don't go up now, he might get suspicious. We agreed that we don't want him to find out that you know, right?" she'd said.

It made sense at the time. Don't mess up the routine, or else Eli might realize something is up. It wasn't until after she'd already gone upstairs that I realized that made no sense. If I was with my boyfriend, obviously Iga couldn't be. There'd be nothing suspicious.

She's a sneak, but it's hard to be mad at her. I suppose if I have to share my boyfriend with someone else, she's at least a good choice. And it's not like she's getting any elsewhere - she doesn't have my genius, and she's so short. How can she compete? It's too late now to stop her anyways, she's probably already got his...

I need to focus on something else.

But there's not much to work on, right now. I'm running some more tests, but it's mostly waiting right now. It's hard to focus anyways. If I'm being honest, I was quite in need of a good dicking before I was cunt-blocked by my own assistant.

I journey back down to the cellar, and open the safe. I'd spied some other documents in there, aside from the tape recorder, and can't help but be curious as to what else I'm hiding from myself.

Mostly notes relating to the amnestic serum. Interesting, but not something I can focus on, right now. But as I'm flipping through them, a piece of paper, more worn than the rest, falls from the stack to the ground. It isn't part of my notes. In fact, it isn't writing at all. It's... a map? No, a crude drawing of part of a floor plan. Drawn by my own hand, if I'm not mistaken. It takes me a few moments to decipher it and realize that it's a room in the house. The guest room beside Iga's room.

It's mostly just a copy of the room's layout, the only notable thing is an arrow pointing to the dresser against the wall to the next room. No, it's pointing to the wall itself, behind the dresser. And the other end of the arrow is a little drawing of an eye.

The implications of this go through my head, and I have an internal conflict over whether or not to investigate this now. If I disrupt them, it could be disastrous. And if this is what I think it is, I don't know if I could handle it. Finally, I decide that, no, I will not investigate. I'll leave this till later.

Unfortunately, when I finally decide this, I discover I'm already at the top of the stairs, and have taken my shoes off, as to avoid making too much noise. Screw it, guess I'm going.

I can hear them from the hallway. They aren't loud. I'm not sure I'd suspect things if I didn't know. But I can definitely hear them. It's hard to hear, that's for certain. But I also... enjoy it? Sort of? I'm only human, okay. I know it's my boyfriend with another woman, but it's also the sounds of sex. And I know it's him. It fills me with jealousy, but I also love the sounds he makes.

I'm so confused.

But I have a task that I came up to do. I need to know what exactly is behind that dresser.

I carefully ease the door open and tiptoe in, slowly shutting it behind me. There is something exhilarating about this, knowing that it's happening so close by.

The dresser is lighter than I expected, actually. No one stays in this room, so there's not actually anything in it. But it's still sitting on a wood floor. I contemplate how I'm going to move this thing without alerting them. For some reason, my fingers keep drifting between my legs, and I have to forcibly pull them back. That isn't helping the process, Victoria!

I decide to sit on the ground to the side of the dresser, and I start slowly pushing it with my back. I stop every few seconds when I hear a squeak or a scratch, worried that I've been caught. But the sounds in the other room don't stop, and they don't seem to notice. When I finally get the mass of the dresser all the way over, I finally spot it. A little pin hole drilled into the wall to Iga's room. I was afraid of that.

What pervert put a whole in the wall? I apparently drew the diagram of the room, but that doesn't mean I drilled the hole, just that I documented it. This must have been Iga's doing. I already know she's a lonely pervert that's all too willing to fuck other people's boyfriends. She must have gotten off on the idea of me watching her and Eli, and put it here. Clearly I was planning on calling her out on it before I took the amnestic, and simply forgot.

I'll have to plaster this up later. The idea that I'd look through and actually -watch- Eli fuck another woman is insane.

But the hole is actually well done. It's neatly made and appears to be tucked between furniture on Iga's side, so that it probably can't be seen easily, but at the same time, gives a very clear view of the bed and both of them on it.

Goddammit.

Look, I'm not into this stuff. I find this thoroughly objectionable. Even if it wasn't some short weirdo putting her pussy all over my man, I still wouldn't enjoy watching - I'm not some creepy voyeur. But I am a scientist, so curiosity is central to who I am. How could I seek to uncover how the world around me works and not be curious what's happening in my own house. And really, if I'm going to let Iga be with Eli, I need to at least make sure she's doing it right. So this is just a quick peek to confirm that she isn't being completely disappointing for him.

At first glance, it appears she is. They're already mid-act. I didn't get to see the foreplay, so I'll have to leave that till next time, and observe from the beginning. She's riding on top, and from his reactions, he seems to be enjoying himself. His hips are thrusting rather hard upwards into her, and her little body bounces a little each time.

I am disappointed that she's got her fingers down between her legs, rubbing her clit while she rides him. It's so selfish. Who do you think this is about, Iga? Those fingers could be playing with his balls, or caressing his chest, anything else! I'll be sure to have a word with Iga about this, later.

There is some irony that hits me when I realize that my own fingers have drifted below my panties. But, of course, I'm not in the process of pleasuring my man. She is. And this is really just a form of fidgeting, like drumming your fingers or clicking a pen. I just happen to be sliding fingers into my pussy and rubbing my clit, instead. More about occupying my hands while I think than sexual gratification. Fidgeting is a sign of intelligence, it's been documented.

It does feel good, though. Better than normal. Probably because I'm watching something in person. That it happens to be Eli and Iga, probably has nothing to do with it.

Thankfully, she does finally stop gratifying herself, albeit because Eli grabs her hands and uses them to pull her against him as he starts thrusting harder. He is really getting into it. Eli is normally not very loud in bed, but he's starting to make more noise than he does with me, which makes me think he's doing this intentionally. He must be moaning on purpose to make Iga feel better, and make her think she's doing a better job than she is. He's really sweet and thoughtful like that.

They shift positions a little, and I can clearly see where he enters her. She's very wet, almost obscenely so. But that's probably a good thing, because that looks like a tight fit. Really tight. Iga's a small girl, but her pussy looks even smaller than I expected. I'm surprised he even fits. I suppose she hasn't gotten properly fucked that much, before. I hope it isn't too tight, though. She's really strangling my poor baby's cock; I hope it isn't causing him discomfort. I'll be most upset with her, if it is.

The pace quickens again, and I can tell what's coming next. I can read my baby's body with ease, and he's almost there. He grabs her tight at the waist and shoulders, and kisses her hard. My heart skips a beat. For some reason the kissing is more intense for me, and it pushes me closer, too. He forces himself hard up into her, and finally, I can see the base of his cock twitch while he's lodged in her pussy, and I know that's cumming. From the sounds, she is, too, though I'm much less concerned with that.

I follow, as well. There's a flash of guilt and embarrassment as my orgasm rips through me, knowing that I'm cumming from watching my boyfriend empty himself into my lab assistant, but it's quickly forgotten with the intense pleasure. I haven't cum that hard in awhile. I have to tightly grip my mouth with my free hand in order to make sure I don't moan.

When I finally recover, I peer through the hole again and see them laying there, chatting, though I can't make out the words. I can see his semen dripping out of Iga's pussy, and my heart throbs a little again.

They start to get up, but thankfully, Eli falls back and stays in bed, while Iga gets dressed. I don't have to worry about him catching me. I can't help but notice Iga's lack of attention to the drip of cum sliding from her pussy, down over her thigh, as she pulls her panties on.

Quickly, I get up and straighten my clothes, hurrying down to the lab, hoping that Iga doesn't catch me, and I don't have to have an awkward conversation. It's going to be weird enough to know that my assistant will be full of my boyfriend's cum while she works next to me.