 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 5

*****

"The body temperature has just about warmed to something we can work with. Hormones and enzymes are at acceptable levels. I think one last test on the muscle fibers before we go for this. Iga could run a current of... Iga, are you even listening?" I sigh at my lab assistant, who looks like she's in a daze, just staring off into the distance. Her hair and clothes are all disheveled, too. Did she just get out of bed? Get it together, Iga!

"Sorry! I'm with you," she seems to catch herself, "What did you want me to...?"

I just shake my head and reach past her to turn the knob on the TENS unit. I try to pretend I don't notice how much she smells like Eli right now. That actually would be a good idea - a quick roll in the hay before we make scientific history, clear the head. Seems like she beat me to it. Jealous? Yes. A little. But I commend the practical thinking. Unfortunately, it may have cleared her head a little too much, from the looks. But no time to worry about that, now.

The light current flows through the body on the slab. It - no, it's a she, now - twitches with little movements. Fingers curl, elbows and knees bend, the stomach tenses, the breasts jiggle. That last one isn't a muscle movement, it's just a reaction to the rest of it. They're nice, though! I used flesh from more than one body to craft them just right, and I can help but admire my own work. Morbid to admire a corpse, I suppose, but she won't be that way for long. I kill the current. We're ready.

"Where is Eli, anyways?" I ask Iga, "This is time sensitive, I don't want to leave the body out of the freezer for too long before we start. And did you tell him to get the camera?"

"He was in the master bedroom, last I saw," she tells me, making me regret asking just a little, "And he wanted to transfer some, uh, old videos off the camera, before we started. Nothing important, I'm sure. But he didn't want to mix them up with filming the experiment. Speaking of which, is it... really wise to be filming this? Isn't that evidence?"

Hm. Don't remember filming much on that camera. Must've been something Eli did.

"Of course it's evidence, Iga! That's the point!" I declare, "We're making history here, we want things documented."

"I meant, like, evidence in a court room. For all the, uh," she clears her throat, "imes-cray against umanity-hay. You know?"

"You're worrying over nothing. Once we've conquered death, they'll see," I point my finger at her for dramatic effect, "They'll all see!"

"Sorry I took so long!" Eli comes jogging down the stairs, camera in hand.

I notice his hair is a little damp. He must have jumped in the shower, not wanting to offend me with the smell of desperate lab assistant pussy on him. He's really sweet like that. Something I especially realize, since I know how often he's with her, now. I know I asked Iga to take care of him for me when she could, but I can't help but feel that she's taking advantage of it for her own needs, instead of being there to satisfy his. But he's a real trooper about it. Seems to fuck her whenever she wants, when I'm sure he'd rather be with me. I mean, she doesn't have my genius, so how could she ever compare? Plus, she's so short.

"Just in time, baby!" I smile and wave him over, "Camera ready?"

"Good to go," he walks up and kisses me, "Is everything set to-"

He pauses when his eyes fall on the body.

"Oh, guess you haven't seen the final product yet, have you?" I grin as he shakes his head.

"It looks so... alive," he observes.

"It really will be, soon!" I excitedly clap my hands a little.

I can see him examine it with his eyes, clearly impressed. Naturally, it's my work, so of course he would be impressed with the way I assembled her.

"Iga, are the clamps all in place?" I ask.

"Good to go," she nods, standing ready.

"Okay, then help me pull the sheet over the body," I grab the corner and start pulling it up.

She hesitates, but does as I asked, "Why are we covering it back up, if we're about to animate it?"

"It's a little thing called showmanship, Iga," I explain, "We're filming this, and there's no point in doing something if you aren't going to do it right."

Iga can be hopeless when it comes to the finer points of science.

"Is that why we have the Tesla Coils and Jacob's Ladders that aren't related to the experiment?" she inquires.

"Correct."

"Okay... are we rolling?" I ask, positioned in front of the slab, in direct lighting.

Eli gives me the thumbs up sign.

I clear my throat, "I am Dr. Victoria Stein, and this video will document my team's first full attempt at postmortem reanimation of a human body. I'd like to thank my lab assistant, Iga," I gesture to her, at the other end of the slab, "and my, erm, out-of-the-lab assistant, Eli, who is behind the camera, for all their hard work, leading up to this point."

"Now, I'll unveil our subject," I turn to the slab and grab the corner of the sheet covering the body, whipping it into the air and letting it float off-camera.

There's a ruckus caused by this that I try not to draw attention to.

"Gah! Victoria, you hit me with the corpse blanket!" a muffled Iga exclaims.

"Iga, quiet, we're rolling," I whisper at her.

"I was yawning when it landed on me and part of the corpse-side got in my mouth!"

"Anyways," I raise my voice over hers, "If you'll come closer to get a view of the subject."

I step out of the way for Eli to zoom in, "As you can see, this is not a single body, but an amalgamation made from the most intact parts of multiple specimens, in order to ensure the highest possibility of success. Due to chemical breakthroughs, which will be covered in my full paper on this experiment, rejection of differing body parts should be almost non-existent."

"And with that, I think we're ready to begin," I step over to my computer and enter a few quick keystrokes for processes I set up beforehand, and the different serums I'd developed start flowing into the body through a series of IVs. I couldn't find a way to make any of the fluids neon green and glowing, without risking danger to the experiment, but one of them is a dark orange color, which will have to do.

"And now, with the chemicals administered, we have only to introduce a charge to the nervous system," I position myself squarely in front of the camera, "Thus showing mankind's conquest over nature, and contempt for god's law!"

"Is... contempt really the word we want to use here?" Iga tries in vain to kill the mood.

"Absolutely! Throw the switch, Iga!" I exclaim.

And I wait.

"Iga?"

"I'm trying. This giant thing is stuck. There's no reason you couldn't use a regular switch," she complains.

Technically true, but the giant lever switch is necessary for the necessary for the atmosphere, so I got the biggest one I could find. That's not true, the biggest one was too big, but this one is almost big enough.

"Throw your back into it Iga, science is depending on you!"

Not a moment after the words leave my lips, the switch folds with a mighty 'chunk'. All my Tesla Coils and Jacob's Ladders, which Iga pointed were not strictly necessary, light up, giving the perfect atmosphere to the twitching muscles on the body. I hope this is coming across on the video.

I check my watch as the charge courses through it, then stop early to accommodate for Iga to struggle with the switch, again, before I call it, "That should be enough, Iga, cut the power."

She does struggle, but it folds back, and the lighting goes back to normal. I switch on my monitoring devices and creep closer, waiting. Just when I begin to worry that everything has failed, I hear the chirp of a heartbeat from the machines, and an agonizing moment later, her eyes fly open.

It worked, it really worked!

"She wakes!" I shout, my voice nearly cracking, "My Promethean Eve wakes! She's alive!"

I break into laughter at relief, which I immediately start to worry will sound a little too maniacal on the tape. But you know? Fuck it. I just created goddamn life, I'm entitled to a maniacal laugh if I want.

Nothing but silence from Eli and Iga, they just sort of creep in to get a better look. I can't blame them. What do you even say, witnessing such an incredible feat, and the staggering genius that accomplished it?

I pull out my penlight and shine it into her eyes, looking for movement and dilation. I get both. Amazing, you'd never know it was dead tissue a moment ago. Pretty, too. I gave her one blue eye and one green eye, because why not.

When I lean back, and she continues to surprise me by rising up from the slab, to a sitting position. Without her arms, or any indication of exertion. The serum increases muscle strength, but I also gave her some wicked great abs.

"Can... you understand me?" I ask, speaking slowly and looking her in the eyes. She doesn't immediately respond, but she seems to be processing the question.

I turn my head back to the camera for a moment, "The cognitive abilities are a bit hard to predict. It's unlikely she'll retain much in the way of memories from her brain's previous life, but that she's already showing so much muscle control could-"

"Eve," she interrupts me, and I snap back to her.

"Yes!" I exclaim, excitedly, "That's what I called you! Your name will be Eve."

Her eyes scan the room. I can only imagine what it's like for her at this moment, but the level of activity she's exhibiting is even more than I'd hoped for.

"Do you understand me, Eve? Can you speak more?" I wait, nervously.

"Yes," she steadies herself on the slab and turns her hips to the side, dangling her legs over the edge, "I remember how to speak."

"I am Victoria. This is my lab. I brought you to life," I carefully explain.

"Victoria," she responds.

"That's right," I gesture behind me, "And this is Eli."

"Eli," she echoes, once again, looking at him, while he nervously waves.

"And over here is Iga," I gesture to the other end of the slab.

"Eli," she repeats, still staring at him.

"No, no, this is Iga. Over-" I begin, when she suddenly hops down from the slab, wobbly a little, but quickly regaining her balance.

She really is quite gorgeous, now that I see her standing. I mean, obviously, I designed her to be, but it doesn't really hit me until I see her upright, under her own power. Tall and fit, but not over muscular, generous breasts and a carefully calculated hip-to-waist ratio. And wavy red locks, though probably in need of a better wash than what I was able to manage with a corpse. You can still see a number of the stitch lines from where I assembled her, but you'd never know the flesh that they join together was ever dead, it's regained it's color and vitality already. I tried to keep the skin tone consistent, keeping to a fair complexion, but all corpses are pale, so there's some minor difference here and there. They seem only to increase her beauty, however.

She's, uh, still staring at him, though. It makes me a little nervous, but I just remind myself that there could be any number of reasons for her to suddenly fixate on one individual. Waking up a deceased brain could not be any newer of a science, and who knows what neurons are firing.

She walks right up to him, and Eli nervously lowers the camera. She's almost his height, and it uncomfortably occurs to me that, because of the reanimation process, she's almost certainly much stronger, as well.

"Hi there, Eve, I-" Eli starts speaking, but abruptly stops when she snatches the camera out of his hand, putting it on the table to the side.

"Iga," I hurriedly whisper out of the side of my mouth, "Where's the cattle pr-" I pause to clear my throat when Eve's eyes dart towards me, "Um, the education stick."

But Eve's eyes quickly return to Eli, then she reaches out suddenly and grabs him by the back of the neck, pulling him towards to... kiss him?!

"Hey, stop that!" I react, rushing in to pry her corpse lips off of my baby.

No use, which I knew, but I reacted without thinking. With her free hand, she effortlessly pushes me squarely in the chest, shoving me backwards to the ground. She doesn't stop kissing him. Hard. Tongue, too, I'm pretty sure. He pushes back against her once the surprise of it seems to wear off, but it's no more use for him than it is for me. That hand on the back of his neck is a vice.

"Eve! Let him go!" I demand, scrambling back to my feet, and to my surprise, her lips do part, looking back at me with an innocent curiosity.

"Why?" she asks, seeming to genuinely not understand.

"Because he's, well, mine. I mean, Eli's my boyfriend, you can't-" I try to explain.

"No," she says, flatly.

"What do you mean 'no'?" I demand.

"He is my boyfriend, now," she informs me, like it's an objective fact. Without another word, her free hand reaches down and unfastens his pants, while still holding him captive by the back of his neck.

"Victoria, a little help," he says before she kisses him again, her hand diving into his pants like she owns his body.

"Cattle prod," I mouth to Iga as I scramble around looking for that, or anything that might help me out.

Poor Eli. He's so loyal to me, but I don't mean for my work to get between us. Certainly not this literally. Even lifts him with one arm and throws him onto the slap, hopping up after him and straddling over him. Don't care for where this is going.

I find an old wrench on one of our lab tables and get the idea that I'll try to come up behind her. But without even looking, as soon as I get in range, she reaches back and grabs me by the throat, lifting me clear off my feet, and throwing me backwards with great force.

I think I hit my head when I land. Things get fuzzy for a moment.

I'm not sure if I fully lose consciousness, but I might as well have. When the haze of it all wears off, I find myself slumped under a table, halfway across the room. My head is still spinning, but I distinctly hear the loud echo of flesh striking against flesh.

It takes longer than it should for me to really process what I'm witnessing, at first from confusion, and then from disbelief. Eve, the body I've reanimated, the monster I've brought to life, my own brilliant creation, not five minutes into her new life, is fucking my boyfriend, right in front of me.

She has poor Eli pinned down on the slab with both hands, his clothes torn and tattered, and is vigorously riding his cock like he belongs to her. I gasp in horror at what she's doing to my poor baby, and scramble to get up, only for my arms and legs to turn to jelly before I can even get out from under the table. I crumble back to the floor and feel a gentle hand on my shoulder.

"Easy, Victoria, you had a nasty fall when she threw you," Iga tells me, who I only now realize has been sitting beside me.

"I'm fine, I have to rescue my-" I pause abruptly, looking at her, "What are you doing?"

"What do you mean?"

"You're filming this?!" I exclaim, pointing to the camera in her hands, squarely aimed at Eve, as she bounces up and down on Eli.

"Oh that. Yeah, well we never actually stopped filming, I just grabbed the camera, since Eli is occupied," she vastly minimizes his plight.

"What! Why?"

"You're the one who wants to document everything scientific," she defends herself, "And for the love of god, keep your voice down, or that crazy bitch will hear you."

"But you're filming her raping my boyfriend!" I whisper as angrily as I can.

"Okay, first off, let's not catastrophize. I don't think 'rape' is the right word. I've been watching, and I think he's getting into it. I've gotten used to how he sounds when he's having a good time. Plus, he's thrusting back," Iga explains, not making it better, "And secondly, even if she is technically 'raping' Eli, this is the first time that a reanimated body has raped someone, and shouldn't that in itself be documented?"

"He is not 'getting into it', I assure you!" I chastise her, "And if he is thrusting back, he's only trying to placate her, so that she doesn't become more violent. I think that should be obvious."

"You really believe that?" Iga seems to restrain a laugh.

"Yes I do, it only makes sense!" I snap at her, "And just because you make a fair point about the scientific merit of documenting this, you could easily put the camera down where it can film them on its own, and actually do something to stop this!"

"What? Go over there and try to stop her? Are you nuts? I saw what she did to you," she gestures sharply at them, and I try not to notice Eve arching her back and moaning, "We need a better plan than 'run up and try to hit her', cause that's clearly not going to work, Victoria!"

"So what do you propose we do then, Iga?" I admit, she's not wrong about needing a better approach.

"Okay, I was thinking," she pauses and holds up her free hand, as if putting together her words, "maybe we just let her finish."

"What?!" the nerve to suggest that!

"Hear me out. Once she's post coital, she'll be more tired, and probably less prone to aggression. Maybe we can settle this without the need for any further violence," she argues.

"We can't just leave Eli with her!"

"I don't think he's in any danger. You heard her. He's her boyfriend now," Iga says flatly.

"He is -not- her boyfriend now!" I growl.

"No, but she sure thinks so!" Iga sighs, "If you want to come up with a better idea, go ahead. We have time. He came not too long ago, so I think he'll last a bit."

I'll just ignore her vain attempt at a humble brag. It doesn't work when he's clearly just giving you a pity fuck, Iga. I guess she takes what she can get.

"Okay... Did you find where we left the cattle prod?" I ask her.

Iga lifts it to show me, her eyes focused on the scene in front of us. I, myself, am trying to not do that.

"So, I think-"

"Victoria, is this going to be another variant of 'run up and hit it', but this time with the cattle prod?" she asks, assuming I couldn't possibly have anything else in mind.

I do pause for a moment at the question, however, "...No..."

"You know, for a self-professed genius, you're not really throwing out great ideas here," she says, being completely unhelpful. And self-profession of something doesn't make it less true.

"Look, I'm not great under this kind of pressure, I admit it. Happy? There is a fucking abomination violating my poor baby, how am I supposed to think straight?!" and honestly, how would Iga relate anyways? She can't even get her own man, she has to borrow mine.

"Wait, when did she go from 'wonder of science' to 'abomination'?" Iga asks, a silly question.

"The moment she started trying to forcibly choke the cum out of my boyfriend, Iga!" I nearly shout.

"One. You're being way too emotional. Two. Oh, holy crap would you keep your voice down, Victoria!" she says in hushed tones.

I just huff a bit. This is maddening.

"Besides. I'm not sure the prod is going to do us any good," Iga continues to be unhelpful, "Considering how much current we sent through her to get her moving in the first place."

"That doesn't mean anything. That's like saying it wouldn't work on a regular person because a defibrillator can correct an arrhythmia," I explain, "It started the process, that doesn't mean it won't shock her, now."

"Okay, but also, she's, um, joined with Eli at the moment," Iga points at them like I don't know what she means.

"The two prongs are side-by-side. The shock will be local. I think," I bite my lip, "Almost completely sure."

"Also, she isn't a regular person. I still think we should wait-" I stop listening to her, and grab the prod.

Fuck it. I'm not going with her wait-and-see approach. Eli needs me. I keep low and dart across the room. To my actual amazement, Eve doesn't see me approach. I pop up from behind her and jab the prod hard into her back, right at the base of the spine.
