 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 6

*****

Eli is in a bit of a stupor from his rough, um, treatment, by Eve. It takes a bit for the two of us to shake him out of it. He's dazed, and out of it, but seems unharmed, thankfully. He's just kind of... damp. He insists he's fine, but we both stay close by as we take him upstairs.

"What are you doing, Iga?" I furrow my brow as she takes him by the arm and starts to lead him away, once we get upstairs.

She looks at me like -I'm- the one acting odd, "What? She said she wanted him cleaned up, so I'm taking him to the bathroom."

"You don't take orders from her, Iga!" I shout.

"No, I take orders from my own sense of self preservation. And right now, it says do what the psycho corpse woman tells me, so I don't get brutalized like Eli did," she says.

Eli pipes up, "I don't know that 'brutalize' is really the right-"

"It's okay baby, you don't have to put on a strong front like that," I rest my head on his shoulder and put my arm around him, "I know it must have been terrifying."

He sighs, "I mean, it was, but I-"

"But you, Iga! How could you possibly just roll over like that! We need to be planning how to stop that woman, not appeasing her," I scold her.

"That's fine! Stop her, I get it. But we need time to figure that out. Unless you want to run up and try to hit her with something again," Iga argues, "Besides, do you want to curl up in bed with him while he's still covered in her, erm, juices? She must've leaked a gallon onto him."

"Iga, you are a scientist! Use metric!" I shake my head, "But... you have a fair point. However, -I- will see that he cleans up. You've had quite enough alone time with him naked for one day."

Eli's eyes widen, "Victoria, I don't know what you're-"

Iga's face and her palm connects, "Eli, she knows. I told her about the whole thing with the amnestics."

"Iga, what the hell is the matter with you! You were supposed to keep that shit quiet!" he angrily demands. I do like it when he gets some command in his voice.

"Thank you!" I echo his sentiment, "Can you believe it?!"

"She held me down and forced it out of me! She tried to violate me with a swab! This isn't my fault!" she pleads.

"You held her down and..." he quirks an eyebrow at me, "I'd kinda like to see-"

"Okay, enough! Everything's out in the open, we're all on the same page," I try to put this argument to an end, "Everyone's fucking Eli, and we all know it. Living dead woman included, who is the real problem here."

We all have a quiet moment and calm down, exchanging knowing glances. Good. We need to be a team about this.

"Alright. You get him cleaned, then. I'll be in the kitchen," Iga puts up her hands, finally becoming agreeable.

Eli chimes in again, "Actually, I can shower on my-"

"You're thinking about food now?" I demand.

"She said to feed him," she shrugs, "We've already been through this. Let's just not piss her off for now, okay? Besides, we still need to eat."

Before I can respond she backs away and turns to dart off down the hall. With a sigh, Eli and I go to rinse some of the zombie slut off of him.

--

Eli insists that he doesn't need my help cleaning himself, but I refuse to leave his side, and sit by the shower, while he finishes. It occurs to me that standing guard will probably not accomplish much if Eve does come back, but I stay put regardless. I'm actually not sure where Eve has gone off to. She said she'd bathe and rest, but she certainly hadn't used this bathroom, or any of the bedrooms we passed. She may have secluded herself somewhere to keep me from, you know, ending the experiment prematurely.

I sigh, "Eli... I'm sorry. I didn't know she'd react so aggressively. Are you sure you're okay?"

"I'll be fine, Victoria," he says, a little too quick and a little too upbeat. He's being so brave about this.

"You're not mad? She didn't hurt you, did she?" I ask for the umpteenth time.

"No, just a little shaken at the suddenness of it all. And I suppose I'm used to being 'on top', as it were," he jokes, clearly hiding his pain.

"I won't let her do it again, Eli," I make a promise that I realize I'm probably not able to keep, even as I say it, "We should get out of here, go find some help-"

"And tell them what, Victoria?" he interjects as he shuts the water off, "That you made a patchwork woman out of stolen corpses, and now she's gone out of control and gotten all rapey?"

I open my mouth, then snap it closed. He has a point. I stand as he exits the shower, and hand him a towel.

"This is just one of the risks one takes when they fall in love with a mad scientist," he smiles at me, drying off, "I mean, you remember the robot moths? If I managed that, I can manage this."

"They were cyborgs. And okay, but they didn't hold you down and use you like a carnival ride, Eli," I tell him.

"No, but the psychic thing they did was way more invasive. I still get nightmares sometimes. Look, baby, the point is that I've weathered plenty of stuff, and it's always been worth it. You have always been worth it," he leans in and kisses me, "We'll figure this one out. And besides, it wasn't all bad."

I quirk an eyebrow, "Not all bad?"

"Well, in a sense, it was like fucking your genius, itself," he says.

I can't help but blush a little. That was hot. He always knows just what to say. I suppose if another woman takes advantage of him, at least it's one I created this time.

He's halfway into a clean pair of pants when I hear the creaking of floorboards outside the bathroom. We both freeze, but then I realize it's probably a false alarm.

"It's probably just Iga, she said she was going to get us something to eat," I laugh a little and wave my hand dismissively.

"Um, babe, I'm not sure, I'm used to the sound of Iga sneaking up and-"

But I'm not listening, and have the door halfway open before I process what he's saying. Nope, not Iga. Not Iga, at all. Eve's hair is damp, so presumably she did get to the other bathroom. And, maybe bad time to take pride in my work, but now that she's cleaned up, and I'm practically nose-to-nose with her, she -is- really nice looking.

She pushes me forward, for what I assume is a chance to get at Eli again. But I stand my ground. For about half a second.

"Victoria, please don't fight her, she's just going to..." he starts warning me, but it's too late for that.

Eve turns and pins me to the wall in a single fluid motion, as if she was never going for Eli at all. Her iron grip on my throat holds me in place, but she isn't actually choking me. At least not very hard. Instead she tears open the fly on my pants and shoves her hand inside. I cry out a little as I feel two of her fingers curl and force their way up inside me, but the sound barely escapes under her grip.

"Eve, please!" Eli shouts, as if he's going to reason with her, "Let her go. I don't know what it is you're trying to-"

She reaches out with her other arm to gently push him back as he approaches her, "We will mate again shortly. Do not waste your strength," she releases me and examines her, now damp, fingertips, running her thumb and forefinger together, as if deep in thought.

"Hey, who's hungr... I see that you're busy right now..." Iga approaches the door with a plate of sandwiches, quickly making a u-turn without stopping.

She doesn't get away, of course. Even barely makes a single pace after her before catching her by the hair and dragging her back in. She pulls the plate from Iga's hands and places it on the bathroom counter before subjecting her to the same treatment I got. Though Iga doesn't struggle as much, or make as much noise. I almost think she's enjoying being roughed up by this savage of a woman. We all know how Iga is with attention.

"The body you constructed is of high quality," Eve says, rubbing her fingers together again and leaving Iga to tumble to the ground, "But I have alterations for you to make. I require a tighter vagina."

"I... I'm sorry?" I ask, genuinely surprised. Which is hard to do, today.

"My pussy is not yours for the taking!" Iga shouts, getting to her feet.

"That won't be necessary. The one I have is already tighter than either of yours," she says, flatly. I almost argue against that one, but think better of it.

"But I require the tightest I can find. You will help me find and abduct a petite asian woman, and then you will install her vagina in my body," she explains. Most of the time, hearing a sentence like that would be the weirdest part of the day.

I just open and close my mouth, at a loss. Iga does not.

"Okay, first of all, that's kinda racist, Eve, and secondly, you can't just beat someone over the head and take her genitals," Iga argues with the brick wall that is Eve.

"Would you prefer I take another look at yours?" Eve slowly turns to face her.

"Sideways coochie it is!" Iga quickly gives up whatever moral stand she was making, and idly bites into a sandwich. Admittedly, being morally flexible is part of why she's my lab assistant in the first place.

"Eve, we can't just kill someone for parts!" I finally re-enter the coversation.

She looks down at her hands, "Then how did you make me?"

"We, um, stole dead people from the morgue," I realize that doesn't sound great either. I leave out the part about that awful coroner.

"Then we will do that. Find me a hospital with dead asian women," she grabs Eli's hand and starts pulling her to him, "I will make love to the male again while you do that."

I grab his other hand, but quickly realize that playing tug of war with my baby is not going to help, "His name is Eli, you know," I say, gently releasing him.

She just stares me down for a moment, "I will make love to Eli, then."

Somehow, that just made it worse. I sigh as I watch her snatch the sandwich from Iga's hands and start eating as she drags Eli off. My heart breaks a little as she pulls him away from me.

"Don't worry, I'll be fine, Victoria," he says, softly, "Just do what you need to do," he gives me a serious, knowing glance. He's so brave, distracting her so that we can make plans.

"He's right, it's okay," Iga puts a hand on my shoulder, and proceeds to not help, at all, "Besides, this isn't the first time that he's taken one for the team by fucking another woman. You might say it's his thing, you know?"

--

"Iga, have you seen my rifle? I can't find it anyw... what are you doing?" I ask her, while she appears to be on the internet. At a time like this.

"I'm looking through obituaries... unfortunately, they don't let you sort by petiteness and asianness, but what are you gonna do?" she says, without looking away from the screen, "And you got rid of your rifle when you were making that... what did you call it? Proton... something?"

"Right, the Prototype Proton Pulse Particle Projector. I remember now," I nod.

"Yeah, you said firearms were a thing of the past. Before you found out that it only gave people a rash and constipation real bad, and abandoned the project. That filipino boy down the street really earned that twenty dollars," she raises her brow and looks up at me, "Hey, think he's got a sister that died recently? Do they count as asian? I mean, she wanted small, so I would think that qualifies, regardless."

"Yes, they're asian, Iga. It's part of asia. I mean, they are a mixed people, that's true, but it's not like... wait, why are you doing this for her?!" I throw up my hands in disbelief.

She looks up, like she's trying to justify herself, "Well, I mean, she said she-"

"Wait! That's it! You're brilliant, Iga!" I shout, as the realization hits me.

"Umm, yes. Yes I am," she nods firmly, "Why am I brilliant? Just to make sure we're on the same page?"

"If we go along with this and get her the, erm, replacement parts, then we'll get our opportunity!" I explain, "When we put her anasthesia for the operation, she'll be completely at our mercy, and this nightmare will be over."

Iga stands up, enthusiastically, "Yes! That is absolutely what I was thinking, Victoria. Without a doubt."

We both raise our hands enthusiastically as we realize the solution to our predicament is clear. Then, in the silence following our momentary celebration, the sounds from other parts of the house filter in. Loud grunting and moaning echo through the hallways and voice pipes. Not just Eve's, either. Eli must be trying to appease her by faking enjoyment of the experience.

I clear my throat, "So we should probably play along find the right corpse for her."

Iga nods, clearly noticing the sounds as well. I do wonder how this affects her. It's not her man being violated, but I did let her make use of him, and it would hard not to become attached. For once, I actually kind of wish it was Iga fucking him.

--

They sure take their time. Iga finds a couple of possibilities in the obituaries, and we make note of hospitals in areas with the right demographics. We even get the van ready. But they're still going at it. It's hard not to catastrophize while I'm sitting here, waiting for her to finish taking advantage of my poor Eli. I know he said he'd be fine, but I've never known him to go this long. Maybe he doesn't want to cum for her, and so he's holding back?

I've nearly fallen asleep in my chair when I notice that the noise has stopped. Then I hear Eve's less-than-subtle footsteps before I'm greeted with silence again. Once I'm sure that she's away from him, I rush up to find my baby. I look through room after room, but eventually find him in the most sensible place that I didn't think to look - our own bedroom. He looks dazed, but unharmed. As I crawl over to him, I notice how damp the sheets on my bed are. Ordinarily, I'd be upset at another woman leaking all over my bed, even if she wasn't trying to steal my boyfriend. But right now, I'm just so happy to see him, that I don't even pay it any mind.

"Baby, are you alright?" I ask, embracing him.

"I could use a glass of water," he says, a bit raspy.

I rush to get him one, which he downs quickly, "She didn't hurt you, did she?" I ask, taking his hand.

"Nothing that a little rest can't fix. I think we've got some time, she said she was going to do the same," he sighs, "Did you... know that all she'd do was fuck and sleep when you made her?"

"Of course not!" I say. Though, I'll be perfectly honest, some of this could probably have been foreseen. She's kind of all id, and I guess the impulsivity makes sense in some ways.

He lays back, and I put my arms around him, resting my head on his chest. Ever since I found out about him and Iga... no, even before that, I have found a bizarre, forbidden joy in smelling another woman on him. I don't like him being forcibly taken, though, so I can't help but feel guilty about liking it. Still, I can't help myself, and find myself reaching down under the sheets and gently touching him. And then some more. And then... nothing happens. None of his usual responsiveness.

"That's, uh, an empty chamber you're trying to fire, baby," he says, "She made me cum six times today... I don't think I've got anything left. I'm sorry."

I sigh heavily, "It's okay. I shouldn't be expecting anything of you right now, anyways."

He turns a little to face me, "There is something I can do that she hasn't had. Still just been between you and me. And Iga. But Iga doesn't count."

I manage to giggle a little at his joke. Iga's my friend and I love her. But she really doesn't count. He'd never be satisfied with her.

Eli kisses me softly before pushing me on my back and diving under the covers. He's already pulled my pants down and pressed his lips between my legs before I really comprehend what's happening. I arch my back, moaning out, not realizing before now how sensitive I am right now. I lick my lips, trying to control my breath. True to his word, there is no... aftertaste there. It seems Eve isn't interested in his mouth like this. No foreplay with her. Her loss. Though I am troubled by the thought that she could force him to do this at any time, and take away from what we have between us. And with Iga, but we already established that she doesn't count.

I try to keep my voice down, worried that Eve will come back, but nothing comes of it. My fingers entwine in his hair and I find myself grinding against his tongue. I'm already at the edge in no time. I try to make it last, but find it so hard to hold off. I also try to focus on thoughts of Eli, and thoughts of how good this feels, but my thoughts keep drifting back to Eve with Eli. Watching her vigorously ride his cock on that slab, pushing me aside like I was nothing but an annoyance. Her coming back to take him again. For some reason, my heart throbs when I remember those words - "He is my boyfriend, now".

And most of all, I remember her shoving my face between her legs. Making me get to my knees at eat her out, my tongue inside her like Eli's is in me at this very moment. Pulling his hot cum into my mouth, licking the drops off her thigh...

I cum. Hard. I nearly buck Eli off in the process as my hips thrust and my pussy pulses and spasms. For just a moment, I almost forget all of it. No... that's not true. I don't forget it - I forget my worries about it. For a moment, I'm not bothered by this reanimated corpse of a woman fucking my boyfriend and brutalizing us all. I'm almost aroused by the very idea for that moment. Then it all creeps back as my orgasm subsides. But I'm left with that odd, lingering feeling of ease with the whole situation.