 Hope you enjoy chapter 3.

Chapter 3 – Real life intrudes.

Katarina took Sara into her arms and gazed into those beautiful blue eyes that made her heart speed up and kissed her lightly on the lips, occasionally nibbling and sucking on her bottom lip, teasingly darting her tongue along her partner's lips. 

Both of them roaming and exploring the curves of the others flesh with their fingertips, wondering who will break first at the teasing play. 

Katarina moans loudly and pulls Sara in for a needy desperate kiss, then attacks her neck and earlobes with tongue, lips and teeth. 

Katarina pulls Sara close against her, rubbing her sex against Sara's thigh, slowly she kisses and nibbles her way down Sara's body, pausing at her globes to flick her tongue and softly bite her lover's nipples. 

She continues to kiss and lick a wet trail until she is between Sara's legs. Moaning in anticipation Kat burrows her tongue inside Sara as she plays with her clit with an index finger. She works over Sara's pussy and button like no one but another woman can, to bring her to orgasm.

Sara grabs Kat's hair and pulls her tight against her pussy and cries out, "YES, lick that pussy master!" 

Kat starts to rub her own needy clit as she licks circles around Sara's. Sara cries out and floods Kat's mouth and face with her juice which throws Kat over the edge.

Kat starts to juice all over her hand as she screams into Sara's snatch her body afire with overwhelming sensation.

Kat moans and opens her eyes, finds herself alone, her thighs and fingers are wet. Her body tingling. She starts to cry, never has she had a dream that vivid before, confused at the deep feeling of loss she gets up and jumps into the shower. 

She thinks, 'What is happening to me, that dream was not normal, and where did that book come from anyway?'

After finishing breakfast she does her daily maintenance on the ship and decides she needs to clean up the kitchen and change her sheets. 

She pointedly ignores the book for most of the day, but by around dinner time she can't resist finding out what happens next in the story.......





Shortly after I was claimed into a puddle of goo Mike held me and we went to sleep. I woke up to sunlight streaming into the room, still held tightly in his arms. I arched and stretched my body which caused Mike to make sleep sounds. 

I drank my master in with my eyes and couldn't believe how lucky I was to have a kind master, he even used a wish to ensure my pleasure. I grinned naughtily and slowly rolled off his chest then scooted down the bed and crawled between his legs. 

I took his flaccid cock into my mouth and buried my nose into his body, stuck my tongue out and swirled his balls, keeping my lips against him as he grew in my mouth and into my throat. Once he was hard I started riding his cock up and down on with my lips while caressing his balls with my fingertips. In a very short time I felt his cock thicken and spasm. 

His balls tightening as he woke up moaning loudly, he shot his seed down my throat as I swallowed and milked his cum. I looked up into his eyes as I cleaned his cock and balls slowly with my tongue. 

I love seeing the amazement in his eyes. I release him from my mouth and with an impish grin say, "Good morning master."

Mike pulled me up and gave me a soft kiss and said, "Thank you Sara, shower and breakfast time I think."  We took a lingering shower, and cleaned each other, thoroughly, then headed into the kitchen.

This is the first time I had been out of master's bedroom; we appeared to be in an apartment, two bedrooms although the second bedroom was an office. The kitchen was pretty big as well as the living room. 

The furniture was brown leather and surrounded a large TV on the other side of the room in a half circle. Mike started a pot of coffee then started pulling things out of the fridge for breakfast. 

I ask Mike if I can help with breakfast, he replies, "No, but I do have some questions". 

Mike asks me about the rules of what wishes I can grant, I explain, "You can wish for anything as long as it is related to or promotes sex". 

He thinks about it for a minute and says, "So I can wish for breakfast so we have more time to have sex this morning?" 

I tell him he can, he thinks about it and says, "I like to cook, and I want to cook for you, a thank you for the wonderful wakeup call this morning."

Mike thinks some more and says, "No one likes to clean though right? I wish the apartment would stay clean so it doesn't cut into time spent with you". My magic checks his true intentions and I can do that, so I do. Mike gets a big smile on his face as he sees the apartment become spotless in seconds.

Mike looks me up and down with a leer on his face and I blush brightly as his intense gaze makes my nipples tingle. He gives me a hug and kiss as the omelets are cooking and notes, "You look really good like that, but it might become awkward if I have friends over or take you out, do we need to go shopping? Can you use your powers for clothing?" 

I explain, "Yes and no, if we are in a position that would expose me or you, my protection magic would kick in and clothe me. In general though, a naked girl in your apartment won't expose me as a genie, so we really should go shopping." 

I continue onto another issue, "I also need a last name so I can get legal documents and all that before we go out, just in case"

Mike pulls the omelets off the stove and pours two cups of coffee, and let me tell you, my master can cook, something I enjoyed a lot over the years. 

After breakfast Mike asks me if there are any relationship boundaries, I give him a kiss, thank him for breakfast and explain, "There are no relationship boundaries, you are my master, I am your genie. You can use me as a base toy, or you can make me your cherished love and anything in between. 

"Obviously those two are the extremes. No matter what you choose I will always love you with everything I am." 

Mike looks a little disturbed; he tells me I will never be just a toy. He takes me in his arms and smiles, "Not sure where this is going to end up between us at this point, but you can share my last name if you want." His eyes soften as he continues, "At least if we do ever get married you won't have to change your name."

Now that I had a last name, Sara Anders, my magic quickly got me a drivers license, passport, social security card, birth certificate etc. 

Mike told me he had to do some work, he is a stockbroker, fairly new in the game at age 23, and he does this work from his office at home for the most part. A lot of his job is research into companies; try to figure out who is stable and who isn't. 

The smaller part of his job is doing the actual trading and talking to his clients, that only takes two to three hours a day. It took him about 3 hours of banging his head on the desk doing research to think of it, and I am glad he did as it frees up a lot of his time. 

I heard him call me, "Sara, honey.... Come into the office please." 

I walked in and he was clearly plotting something and rolling it in his mind. I knelt by his chair and said breathlessly, "Yes master?" 

His grin grew a bit and he said, "I wish all the job research would do itself, so I can just work on buying and selling and talking to clients which would free up 5-6 hours a day to spend together in pleasure instead of apart." 

His face said it was too good to be true, but I just replied, "Yes master." The reports for all the companies he was doing research on today just appeared on the screen, requiring no more than 15 minutes to review them all for stability, growth or loss predictions.

He then lifted me off the floor into his lap and caressed my cheek. He looked serious and gentle as he told me, "I also don't want to see you on your knees, I do not want a strict slave/master relationship." 

Then he grinned and said, "Well, at least not when it is about subservience, it's still ok during sex", and he winked at me.

He told me I needed to be clothed so we could go out for clothes, obviously this worked as I couldn't exactly go clothes shopping naked. I wound up in skin tight jean shorts and a tight t-shirt. 

We headed out to the mall and shopped for clothes all afternoon, making sure to model the outfits I put together and rejecting any that didn't elicit approval in my master's eyes.

During all this I noticed many women that I knew would be attractive to master that I could easily arrange some pleasure for him. He surprised me though, not taking his eyes off me all day. By the time he took me to dinner I was beyond hot, my body filled with need. 

I started wishing master would take me, apparently he likes an exhibitionist as well, as I was quite willing to do anything for him way beyond the normal submissive slave part of myself. Unfortunately he seemed to have tight control over this desire as I was not ravished. 

I determined to work on that.

Dear reader keep in mind I would never ever think of changing my master, he is perfect in how he looks and what he wants, however I am free to coax his buried desires into the open.

We ordered our meals and talked about Mike and what he wanted out of life. He told me he wanted a family in the future and it was important to him. 

I replied, "I am capable of giving birth to a child if you wish me to be fertile, if that is something you would want master." He also asked me about health, and life expectancy.

I filled him in, "My protection magic is already working, slowly over the next 6 months you will attain perfect health. This is done slowly so the people in your life won't notice a drastic difference from one day to the next. 

"The magic will also keep you looking in your 20's for the rest of your life, which should be around 200 years." 

He questioned that, "Why 200 years? Not complaining, just curious." 

I told him, "The protection magic is good and can keep you healthy and appearing young, but it can't make you immortal. Because you will be in perfect health, in other words your body will be at peak efficiency at all times, it has the result of slightly more than double a normal lifespan."

He looked at me thoughtfully, "Can you tell me why your life ends with mine? I know it's a rule but why?" 

The concern my master showed by his question made my eyes widen a little and tear up, and I told him the full truth and used his name for the first time, "My essence is bonded to your soul Mike, when it leaves this plane there will no longer be a purpose for my life to exist." 

He shook his head sadly and brought the conversation back to happier topics. By the time we finished dessert and started the ride home we were both smiling again.