 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 8

"So. I didn't expect to see you getting to work already, Victoria," Iga asks, stepping up from behind me in the lab. She does not draw attention to how she has not been present thus far.

"It's better to get to this sooner than later. Even with the process working as it does, fresh tissue is best," I say, continuing to cut into the cadaver. Removing a vagina is actually a new one for me, if you can believe that.

"I guess nothing can take the scientist out of-" Iga begins, but is immediately interrupted by a series of labored grunts echoing through the lab.

"Iga, do we still have any replacement parts for the voice tubes?" I ask, looking up and staring straight forward, "This one appears to be broken, and I can't shut it off. It, um, coincidentally leads directly to my bedroom. Which is where Eve is right now. And Eli. I have suspicions about the tube breaking in such a specific way, at such a specific time, but no evidence."

"Um, I'm not sure. I'll have to check. I was just down in the basement, and I didn't see anything, but I wasn't really looking. Just checking on our... guest. She's down there. Eve put her in the cell down there. Also, we have a cell in the basement. Which I didn't know. So there's that," Iga informs me.

"Yeah... I think we put that in before you got here. It was related to the thing with the fire weasels. It's complicated," I explain.

Iga pauses in thought, and in the silence, we can both hear a series of loud moans echoing through the voice tube.

"That cell doesn't seem like it would really hold something like a-" she begins.

"Hindsight is 20/20, Iga," I quickly interrupt her. No need to relive old failures.

"Right," Iga says, after a long moment in which we get to hear some moans that are clearly masculine, this time, "So Eve locked her down there. She's taking it well, all things considered. That may involve certain promises. But that's probably nothing to worry about."

"Promises?" I quirk an eyebrow.

"Eve said something to the effect of letting the coroner have turns with Eli if she behaved herself and didn't cause trouble," Iga unsuccessfully tries to downplay it by saying it so casually, "But probably an empty promise. I mean, Eve seems pretty busy riding his cock as it is, I can't image her stopping to give someone else a turn."

I could point out that she isn't helping, but that seems like an obvious conclusion. Unfortunately, our awkward silence is met by a similar silence from the voice tube, which was so noticeably loud just a moment ago.

Eve graces us with her presence a lot earlier than I might have expected. She appears in the lab, thoroughly naked, with a sheen of sweat across her skin, and an expectant look. And it's a weird time to be self-satisfied with my work, but she really is quite the specimen.

"Are you prepared to perform the operation?" she demands to know, in a rather stoic tone.

"It's, um..." I can't help but notice a thick stream of semen dripping down her thigh as she approaches.

"Eve, I think you've got a little-" Iga feels the need to draw attention to it, for some reason, but is met with a decidedly harsh stare from Eve, to which she backs off, "You know what? Nevermind."

"I'm... almost done removing the, um, parts," I tell her, "Did you mean for us to do this now?"

"Yes. The operation will be the most successful if the tissue is fresh, correct?" she astutely observes.

"Eve! I think they need time to finish with-" Eli calls out to her, coming down the stairs.

"No, Victoria says she is ready," Eve says, without turning to him.

He's also naked, but actually observes some level of modesty, half heartedly covering his penis with one hand. Which is a little silly, since everyone in this room has had it inside of them. And one of them still has her fluids all over him. Making him look very shiny. And smell incredibly lewd.

"Oh," he says, a little surprised. It's nice that he was coming down to protect me from being interrupted. He's a sweetie like that.

"We are just about prepared," I nod.

"Well we're not doing this already, it seems a little earl-" he yelps out loud, though in surprise, not pain, as Eve reaches back and firmly grabs his penis.

Iga's and my eyes shoot open in surprise, as well as she pulls at him, and he's given no choice but to follow.

"Hey! Be careful with him!" I demand of her, a little unwisely, now that I think of it.

"He belongs to me," she declares, with a slight scowl in my direction, "I will do with his body as I please."

I glare back, angered at this behavior, but knowing full well that there's not really anything I can do, right now. Iga does not look as outraged as she should be. She's mostly just staring at the way that Eve drags him along.

Eve pauses and looks back at me, almost with sympathy, "Don't worry. I'm not going to harm him. That would interfere with my ability to use him, sexually."

"What... Where are you taking him?!" I again demand, as she pulls him along towards the door.

"To the basement. I will lock him up with the hospital woman," she informs us. Not a fan of that.

"What for?" Iga asks.

"So that you cannot kill me while I am unconscious," Eve says, flatly, "I have changed the combination on the cell door, and only I know it. You will have to complete the operation to get him released."

"What!" I throw up my hands, "Eve, I would..."

Iga and I exchange a nervous, knowing glance, "Eve, I would probably never do something like that! That's absurd!" I declare, a little unconvincingly.

"The hospital woman will also have my permission to use him for sex while they're locked up together," Eve adds, "It should keep her docile and cooperative."

My jaw sets in, but she's already led my poor baby out of the room by his penis, by the time I muster up the courage to protest.

The operation actually goes a lot smoother than I would have expected. I've never replaced an entire female reproductive system before, and the new one is noticeably smaller than Eve's more robust frame. She's much taller than the petite asian woman we removed the vagina from, though still a little shorter than Eli - Iga, at one point, accused me of specifically making her a good height for pairing well with him, whether consciously or not. Which is madness, because that implies that I somehow wanted her to take advantage of my poor baby. How insulting! As if I'd get off on the idea of my Eli being with some other woman. Granted, Iga didn't say that was specifically why, but I could tell she was thinking it. I took the opportunity to remind her that these accusations that I would subconsciously sabotage myself are likely, in fact, her own insecurities about being so short and not being able to compete with my genius. She laughed at that, which is, I guess, some sort of defense mechanism to avoid dealing with the truth.

Speaking of genius, I do manage to 'install' her new vagina in record time. Like I said, I've not done this specifically before, but between how much stitching parts together I did when assembling Eve, and my overall impressive intellect, figuring out this sort of thing was fairly trivial.

"So..." Iga pipes up as we finish, "Do we really want to wake her back up?"

"Of course, how else will we know if everything went right?" I lift up my hands, but not my eyes, at Iga's silly question.

"I mean because of the whole 'constantly making our boyfriend her personal semen supply' problem," Iga crosses her arms.

Oh, that. For a moment, I'd gotten so invested in my work that I forgot the exact particulars of our living situation with the monster on the slab. It does feel good to be really working, creating, again.

"Well, Eli is still locked up with that corpse-counting harlot down there, what am I supposed to..." I realize what she just said, "What do you mean 'our' boyfriend?"

She laughs, uncomfortably, "I mean, technically speaking, I've been intimate with him more than you have in the past six months, give or take, so he's really as much mine as yours. I didn't mean to imply that he was also the boyfriend of Eve and the coroner downstairs. We should really ask her what her name is, by the way."

I narrow my eyes at her, "Eli is mine, Iga."

"That's not what his cock says, so..." she abruptly stops, clearing her throat and averting her eyes when I continue to glare at her.

"We have to get him out of the cell, and Eve is the only one who knows the combination. I'm kind of in a corner here, Iga," I say, flatly.

"Okay, yes. He's locked in the cell downstairs. And yes, that coroner woman has probably got the head of his cock on her tonsils as we speak," Iga says, unhelpfully, "But that doesn't mean that he's stuck in there without the combination. We can find another way to break him out, can't we?"

My eye twitches a little, "He's not doing anything. And those bars are a special carbon-tungsten fiber I put together, they aren't going to break so easily. We need to get my baby out of there, and so far, Eve has kept her word."

Iga puts up her hands in surrender, "I can go either way. He either fucks the coroner for awhile, or he fucks Eve for awhile. I'm willing to share him, either way, you're the one that wants to get all greedy with Eli."

"It's not greed, he's -my- boyfriend, Iga," I scowl in her direction.

"Yes, yes. Fine. He calls your name in bed, after all. Fair enough," she continues to be kind of a bitch.

"Are you trying to provoke me?" I ask her, my voice dropping deeper.

"Sorry, Victoria," she sighs, "Just tense from all the undead monsters and corpse thievery and not getting to have sex with our boyfriend."

I guess that's as close to an apology as I'm going to get, "Let's just wake her up. We can figure out our next step after Eli is free."

"I can't help but notice that the words 'let's wake her up' have been followed, not by waking her up, but by doing the exact thing that I suggested," Iga complains, unhelpfully.

"As a woman of science, I reserve the right to change my mind, should new information become available, or should closer inspection of the details require a re-evaluation of the details," I carefully explain, and honestly, Iga sometimes just doesn't think like a scientist, "Now hand me to blowtorch, already."

Iga sighs and surrenders it, "Is this really a good idea, with them so... naked, in there?"

"That's a good point. Sweetie, you probably want to stand near the back of the cell. Avert your eyes and turn around. You can hide behind the corpse counter to avoid any stray sparks, too," I tell Eli.

"First off, my name is Felicia, not corpse counter," she begins with some crap no one cares about, "And I take exception to be used as-"

"Why are you even naked, too, you degenerate harlot?!" I shut my eyes tight, as if it will drown out her whiny voice.

"Degenerate? You're the one that offered me your boyfriend so you could steal bodies out of the morgue!" she exclaims.

"Offered! You used extortion to force yourself on him!" I am unfortunately unable to strangle her from the other side of the bars, "Besides, what I did was for science, what you did was just for your own debased urges, you whore! And you still haven't answered why you're naked in there, when you were fully clothed when you arrived!"

"I didn't want to make Eli feel uncomfortable by being the only one naked in here, so I got naked too. Obviously," she throws up her hands like that's some sensible conclusion.

"Don't pretend you care about his feelings, you horrid bitch!" I yell, "He's just a piece of meat to you!"

"That's not true... but, there are parts which are certainly nice cuts," she leans back to give Eli posterior an extended gaze, before firmly slapping him on the ass.

He jumps as that skank sexually harasses him, "Ow! Hey now! Look, ladies, we're all in this together. Can we not be so antagon-"

My eye twitches, "Do you ever want to get out of this cage?" I ask her, my voice dropping.

"As long as I have Eli in here, why would I need to?" corpse-slut looks me straight in the eye and smiles while she reaches out to firmly grab ahold of Eli's cock.

Iga doesn't quite manage to stop me before the blowtorch goes soaring through the air, between the bars, and just narrowly misses connecting with that whore's head. I stumble to the side a little, but don't fall as Iga tries to tackle me, but her short stature and low mass means that it doesn't amount to much.

"Victoria, that's not helping!" she shouts at me.

"Yeah, cause I missed, goddammit!" I shout back.

"Eli's right. We need to just take a deep and remember that us fighting amongst ourselves is not going to help our situation with the aggressive sex-zombie upstairs. Who I might add has not been under anasthesia for awhile, and could wake up at any time and is this really how you want her to catch us?!" Iga pleads with us, totally ignoring that that whore is still groping my baby just feet away from me.

Eli, being the sweetheart that he is, returns my blowtorch, and then does a second time, when it's thrown again. But unfortunately, it's actual function proves to be for naught. I was right, this thing is simply not going to cut through those bars. Shit.

I am, eventually, forced to give up and concede to my earlier decision that this would be a fruitless endeavor. Which technically means I'm still right, despite Iga's insistence that taking both positions on a topic doesn't mean that I'm right either way. This is why she's just a lab assistant.

But onto more important things - we are greeted with an empty table when we return to the lab. She's gone. Apparently got up, removed her IVs, and walked off. Didn't put her clothes on, but that's pretty standard for Eve.

"Not an encouraging development," Iga understates the obvious.

I nearly pull my hair out, "Where'd she go now?!"

"I've... got a pretty good idea. She doesn't exactly have a complicated modus operandi, Victoria," Iga points out.

"Well we have to stop her!" I turn and storm out, back to the basement, with Iga in tow.

"That's never exactly worked before, you know?"

"Yes, but if she starts going at him now, she's going to tear some of those seams and destroy all my work," I explain, jogging down the stairs.

"Um. She fucked him like his cock had an antidote, pretty much the moment she came to life, I fail to see how it's going to damage her this time," Iga says, "I think you're just being jealous. As usual."

"I am doing nothing of the sort. It's different this time. It's a fresh operation that didn't involve reanimation, and the seams and stitches have to... um..." I groan, "Shut up! We just have to stop it, that's a fact!"

"It just doesn't seem like a very scientif-"

"Oh, danger," I turn back and say to her my voice dropping, "You wouldn't be lecturing me about science, would you?"

She puts up her hands in surrender, "No. No we're good. Stop her from using the pussy you gave her to use. Got it."

Eve isn't at the cell. Unfortunately, neither is Eli.

"Where did they go?!" I demand of the only remaining occupant.

"Hm? Who are you talking abou-" she narrowly dodges a thrown blowtorch for the third time.

"Answer. The Question."

"Yeesh, why are you so uptight? I'm the one being held against my will," she tries in vain to compare her plight to my own.

"Where-" my eye twitches.

"I don't know! She didn't tell me. Just dragged him off by the cock like a leash. She did say I could get next, since he didn't fuck me proper while we were together in here," she examines her nails in the bitchest way possible, "I mean, I'd like to get out of here, but if I can get some of the D, that works too. And not just cause it pisses you off, but, I mean, considering how good he was with his tongue..."

"I'm going to turn you into a limbless cyborg toaster, but that will have to wait," I turn and rush back out.

"She's probably joking about that. She's just a little tense right now," Iga says to her as we leave. Good thinking, make her believe it's all hyperbole, so she doesn't panic.

You know when you lose something, but then find it as soon as you stop looking? Well that's what happens. In my bedroom. After I had searched it three times. Only that is usually a feeling of relief not a... Not sure what you'd call the feeling of finding a patchwork superwoman riding your boyfriend's face in your own bed.

"Um... hi Eve... could you..." I begin, feeling like I need to slowly back out of the room.

"I'm busy," she states quite flatly, as she continues to groan while she treats my baby's face like a saddle.

"Right. About that. I'm not sure you and Eli should-"

"Eli is also busy," she reminds me, still without even looking back.

"I see that," I avert my eyes a bit.

I want to yell at her. I want to tell her to get off my man and stop all this presumption that she can just take him whenever she wants. I want to tell her what an awful, evil bitch she's being, and that I didn't create her for this. I want to furiously masturbate.

Wait that last one... nevermind, my mind's all over the place.

Regardless, I don't do any of those things. Instead, I just stand there. I stand there and watch, and feel helpless while I watch her arch her back and moan, bucking her hips on poor Eli's tongue as she loudly and aggressively cums all over his lips. I swallow hard, and I continue to tell myself that my arousal is just a normal autonomic response. But what I don't do, is anything to stop her, or even slow her down.

She lets out a sigh of relief when she is, apparently, done for the moment, and steps off of him. Eli gasps as he is freed from between her quite powerful thighs.

"So, Eve," I clear my throat as I begin yet another attempt to reason with her.

"I'm going to test penetration of the new vagina," she informs me, going into the bathroom to fill a glass of water, "Prepare Eli's penis for me. He needs to be as erect as possible."

"Right, about that. I think you need to wait on, um, testing that," that's probably not going to convince her.

"Why? It feels fine. And my responses worked fine when he was licking me," she takes a large gulp of water, before walking back over, "Are you saying this because you are jealous, and this is an attempt to take my male for your own use? Like the other woman did?"

-I'm- taking him! -Her- male! The nerve of this... wait, what was that last part?

"The other woman?"

"Yes, the short one with the tighter vagina, who is always with you. Iga," she makes some unfounded claims, "She was here earlier, telling me that I should let her use him instead, because of the transplant, and that I should not mention it to you."

Excuse me, Iga, I believe this knife in my back belongs to you.

"Look, I'm not trying to," I take a deep breath so I don't fly into a rage, "...get between you. It's just so soon after the operation. The body needs to heal, and I don't think it's ready to use. Eli's cock might, um, tear some seams."

"He does buck very hard. Perhaps you are right," Eve nods. Did that just fucking work?

"I still desire to be intimate with him. I will use you as a proxy," she tells me, and immediately grabs my hand, pulling me towards the bed.

"Eve, what are doing with her, exactly?" Eli sits up, taking notice of what's going on around him, presumably after catching his breath from the mouth-rape.

"Victoria will help us with her mouth. You may lie back for me," she doesn't wait for a response, just pressing a hand to his chest and tossing him back towards the bed.

She practically tears his pants open with one hand, the other still attached to my wrist. She pulls me close, releasing my hand and opting instead to grab me by the hair.

"I don't recall agreeing to- mffy uh iff," I try to protest before she forces my mouth onto Eli's not-quite-hard but certainly not flaccid penis. That status quickly changes.
