 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 9

"Are you okay, baby? She hasn't been too rough with you?" I ask Eli, curling up next to him in bed, "I'm sorry this has gotten so out of hand."

"Don't worry. One doesn't date a mad scientist without expecting a few hiccups. And we've had a few before. I'm sure it won't be the last either," he runs his fingers through my hair, "Still worth it."

I sigh and rest my head on his chest. Part of me want to tell him that 'mad' scientist is something of an antiquated term, and not really accurate. Is it mad to want to find a way to prolong life? Is it mad to want to raise the dead? Is it mad to build cyborg bees that can form together to build a larger robot that can do your gardening and shoot those individual bees stinger-first as projectiles to keep away that woman from the homeowner's associate that keeps complaining about the strange fumes that keep coming out of the shed, which I've explained multiple times are no longer under my control, and will gradually decrease anyways, due to the decaying half life?

But I'll give Eli a pass on such a minor faux pas, just for being Eli. Not to mention, it would be no good to start an argument when there's other things on my mind that I want to start.

My hand wanders below the covers and gently runs his cock, playfully teasing him with my fingertips. Which goes on longer than I would expect. So I become more firm, which also goes on longer than I expect.

"I, uh, think you're trying to get blood from a stone there, Victoria," Eli admits to me, "Do you want me to just go down like last-"

"No! No, no, we can do this!" I pull back the covers and scoot down.

He chuckles briefly at my insistence, but doesn't object as I stuff his cock into my mouth. It doesn't seem to bother him, and I get little sighs of enjoyment here and there. But no increased bloodflow, it seems. I fondle his balls, I suck him like I'm siphoning gas, but it's all for not. Nothing happens.

"Sorry," he says, tiredly, "I don't think this is going to happen right now. I can only manage so much, you know?"

I grumble in frustration. Time's wasting while Eve is away, so it's not like I can just wait. It's sweet that he offered to go down on me, but that's not what I want. I want that fucking cock, goddammit, annd I want it now.

"I promise, once we sort this Eve situation, I'll give you some proper attention, okay? But lately, between her and you... and Iga, there's only so much energy I have to give, I'm only one man."

My eyes shoot open, "Eli, that's it!" I exclaim.

"What's it? I don't foll-"

"You're a genius!" I shout and jump forward, grabbing his head and kissing him passionately. He, um, still tastes like Eve, but that's not important right now.

"Pretty high praise, considering the source, but I still don't see what it is you're getting at," he questions me when I finally release him.

I jump from the bed and head to the door, "Coolidge effect!" I shout as I dash down the hallway.

"What's the Coolidge effect?" he shouts after me, in confusion.

Iga is in her room, pretending like she wasn't trying to hear us through the voice pipe with the whole 'I'm asleep' excuse. She should know better than to try and deceive me, by now, but that's not really important right now.

I try to explain what's going on to her, but she just keeps arguing about how she can 'walk on her own' and to 'stop pushing', and I don't think she's grasping it. But that doesn't really matter, she doesn't need to understand. Nor does Eli, actually, he just needs to get hard.

He sits up and reflexively pulls the sheets over himself as we enter the room, as if it's anything either of us hasn't seen. I push the confused Iga to stand directly in front of him.

"Okay baby, we're going to get this working, don't worry, Iga's going to help you get hard," I place my hands on her shoulders, as if to present her to him.

"What?" she asks, as if I'm being weird or creepy, and not being exceptionally generous to her, "Are you trying to get me to be your fluffer?!"

"What?! No! No, no, no, no," I assure her, "...well, yes."

"I'm not opposed to weird bedroom stuff. This is actually pretty vanilla for me, recent events considered, but it's not sounding like she's that into it, Victoria," Eli offers his sweet, but largely irrelevant thoughts on the topic, "And what does this have to do with, what'd you call it? The-"

"Coolidge Effect!" I finish his query for him, "It's quite simple really."

To demonstrate the concept, I reach around Iga and tear her shirt open in one swift motion, putting her tits on display for Eli. She squeals in protest, of course, but Eli's eyes go wide, and they land right on her chest, just as intended.

"You see, the Coolid-"

"Victoria! What the hell are you-" Iga quite rudely interrupts, but I quickly clap a hand over her mouth.

"We're talking, Iga," I scold her and turn back to Eli, "The Coolidge Effect is a phenomenon, mostly found in mammals, though sometimes in birds or reptiles, wherein the post-ejaculation refractory period for males is lessened by the introduction of a new female. The turn around on his arousal and orgasm becomes much shorter when the possibility of mating with, and thus impregnating, another female is presented. Pretty simply evolutionary biology. The name itself comes from an apocryphal story about President Calvin Coolidge and his wife were touring a farm, and they witnessed cattle mating, and the first lady asked the farmer whether the bull-"

"Okay! Got it, Victoria. New pussy, new erection, simple enough," Eli raises up his hands as if in surrender.

"Good! I'm glad we're all on the same page," I cheerfully state, then unfasten Iga's pants and push them off her hips, her panties with them.

"Hey, we are not on the same page, Victoria, I didn't agree to..." Iga starts yapping the moment I release her mouth, "Wait, are you actually going to let me fuck him without you interfering or getting jealous and weird, for once?"

"I don't know where you got that idea, Iga," honestly, that's madness, "You're just here so that we can use your body to arouse Eli's limbic system with the idea that he's going to have access to a new partner. Once he's erect, I'll take over. Simple as that."

"Why should I have anything to do with-" Iga snorts a laugh from her nose, "You can't even get him hard, Victoria?"

"These are extenuating circumstances, Iga! Eve is using him as her own personal carnival ride, I can hardly expect him to always get it up if that bitch is constantly draining his balls!" I scold her.

"I mean, it seems like she has no problem getting him to, er, get it up," she looks down and seems to finally notice I've disrobed her from the waist down, but doesn't seem that perturbed by it.

"You don't know that. You aren't there for it," I remind her, annoyed.

"You could always just ask Eli if-"

"Back to the point!" I try to keep Iga on task, "You should have to do with this because you are my lab assistant and this is an important experiment."

"You fucking our boyfriend is an experiment?" she does that obnoxious snort laugh through the nose again.

"Me fucking -my- boyfriend, and yes, finding out if I can parade you like a teaser horse to get Eli excited is indeed an experiment," I reiterate the obvious, "Now shut up and get to enticing him."

"Aren't teasers usually for the females to- Hey!" she jumps a little I reach down and spread her pussy open for Eli to see.

"Calm down, it's nothing hea hasn't seen before," I remind her as I try to give him a better angle.

"You with your hands on my crotch is something he hasn't seen, Victoria!" she complains, but doesn't really try to stop me.

"That's brilliant Iga!" I exclaim, not having expected her to be genuinely helpful, "We should focus on sexual interaction between us, he hasn't seen that and it could excite him more."

With that, I grab Iga by the hips and spind her around, forcibly bending her over to display her rear end to Eli. Fairly easy, given how short and insignficiant Iga is.

"What do you think, baby?" I ask Eli as I present Iga's ass to him, "Does that look good? Does that excite the neurons in your limbic system? Like something that would make blood flow into the corpus spongiosum so that you can vaginally penetrate and then ejaculate inside of her?"

"Um, we've discussed the scientific dirty talk, Victoria, but... you actually are onto something here," Eli sits up in the bed, taking better notice.

"See Iga, I told you it would work!" I excitedly inform her.

She doesn't quite have time to respond, because I extend two fingers and promtply push them inside of her pussy. Which, I might add, offers no resistance and is already drenched, so any insistence that she's not into this, is pretty much out the window. She yelps a bit in surprise, but doesn't struggle. At least, she doesn't struggle enough that she's going anywhere.

"Victoria, what the hell!" she shouts as I work the fingers into her.

She -is- rather tight. Tighter than I would have expected. Maybe I've been too hard on her. This must feel real nice for Eli to fuck, so maybe I should let it slide now and then, no pun intended. Not tonight though. That cock is mine, as soon as I get it going.

"It's just science, Iga, calm down," I assure her, before finally pulling the fingers free.

I finally release her and move quickly to Eli, who is rather perplexed as I smear her fluids on his upper lip, making sure he gets a healthy amount of her scent, before shoving those fingers into his mouth to see that he gets a taste. His body may be tired, but it can't fight nature.

"Anything yet, baby?" I ask him, before remember to pull the fingers out of his mouth.

"Yes... I think this is actually working Victoria," Eli says, idly licking his lips.

"See, I told you! My genius never fails," I reach down to inspect his cock. It's getting thick, but not quite there, yet.

"Maybe it would help if you two kissed a little, that might help," Eli suggests.

"On the lips?" I tap my nails on my teeth, "That's rather... intimate."

"As opposed to forcibly stripping her and putting your fingers inside of her?" Eli seems a little perplexed.

"Well that's just... there's something more mechanical and scientific about that, it's just-" maybe I'm overthinking this?

"I don't remember volunteering to neck with Victoria, here," Iga protests, standing back up, "I mean, I know she's getting on this whole lesbian thing with some of the stuff going on with Eve, but I'm actually pretty straight here, the abrupt fingering notwithstanding."

"What do you mean 'getting on this lesbian thing'? Eve has forced herself on me repeated-"

"Girls, girls!" Eli chimes in, "It's fine. If you don't want to, that's fine," he says with a sigh.

Iga's reluctance is not about to get in the way of Eli's libido. I grab her and roughly through her against him, the two of them tumbling back onto the bed. I pounce overtop of them and plant my lips directly against hers, pressing her against Eli's chest as I force my tongue into her mouth. In for a penny, in for a pound. Iga flails around a bit, in what is, honestly, not even a slightly sexy manner, which won't do. I grab her wrists and pin them back against Eli, holding her in place while I make out with her.

Oh, it's working. I can hear Eli's breath getting harder as he watches us. I think I just bought us a one way ticket to dick city. And all I had to do was become sexually aggressive with my lab assistant. I'll make note of this for future experiments.

Eli's eyes catch mine as my lips part for air, "That's really good. But let's not stop here. Since we know this works, we should keep going."

He leans in and pulls me to him for a kiss, and then grasps my shoulders and starts pushing be downwards, along Iga's body. It doesn't even occur to me where he's guiding me until my face is already between her legs. I do hesitate. I mean, I'm not into this lesbian stuff. I've been over that. But I don't get much of a choice in the matter, Eli's strong hands push my face right up against her pussy. And my tongue kind of ends up inside of her. I have a hard time saying no to Eli when he's being forceful like that.

Neither can Iga, from the sounds of it. She starts moaning and whimpering and writhing against him. Very enthusiastic for someone that was all uptight about kissing a minute ago. She might be faking it. Or in denial about her lesbian tendencies. But if Iga getting all excited makes Eli all excited, then it doesn't matter why.

It's not as objectionable as I'd expected. Maybe I was expecting worse because I've only gone down on a woman under duress. Also, Iga is a little cleaner than that first time. If I'd known Eve was going to force me to be her cleanup girl, I... well I wouldn't have reanimated her. But failing that, I would have cleaned her body better prior to reanimation.

She gets into it more than I expected, too. She's writhing around on top of him like a little whore. Emphasis on little. I could do without her leaning back and kissing him like that, but I did want her to get him going, so writhe she shall!

I redouble my efforts on her pussy, pushing my fingers up into her while I show no mercy to her clit. She's really not hiding those lesbian tendencies, now. I'd accuse her of being a slut, and she certainly is being one, but I suppose anyone getting between her legs is a win for Iga. I can't fault her too much.

What I can fault her for, is when she reaches below her and pushes Eli's cock forward, shifting her body and forcing him right inside of her. The gall! She tries to play it off like that wasn't on purpose, by not even acknowledging me. But she specifically waited for a moment when my fingers weren't in her to try it. And she's now actually fucking him right under my chin. I stop licking and glare up at her, but she's not even returning my gaze, pretending to be caught up in the moment. We'll fix that.

I grab her clit with my thumb and forefinger, and give it a harsh pinch. She yelps... well, no, it's more of a guttural moan. And she thrusts up, as if she doesn't even realize I was trying to punish her for being the cock-stealing thief she is.

Wait... if she's fucking him, he's clearly hard enough. What am I waiting for?

I take a firm grip of the base of Eli's cock and roughly pull him free of Iga's greedy little pussy. He gives a sharp gasp, but it seems to be entirely pleasurable. Hating to have to remove his source of pleasure so abruptly, I promtply shove his length into my mouth, to which he also reacts positively, and continues thrusting as if he hadn't traded one orifice for another, at all.

Iga doesn't. That finally gets her attention, and she finally returns that glare, while I suck his cock. Now, I've been accused of having a resting bitch face many times before, most intelligent people have. But one should never underestimate my active bitch face. Which can be hard to do with a cock in your mouth, but I manage. I'm skilled like that. Iga can't compete with it.

Or physically, because once I release Eli from my mouth, I find it fairly easy to lift Iga by the thighs and push her forward and out of my way. She is so short. I guess that makes her easy for Eli to throw around and manhandle, but there's no way she can really thrust back in any satisfying way, I'm sure.

With her out of the way, I immediately straddle over him and sink myself down on Eli's cock. Fucking finally. I haven't had a decent fucking since this insanity all started. By which I mean reanimating Eve. Eli would argue there's always insanity, but that's normal background noise insanity. Doesn't count.

My breath leaves me all at once as he fills me. Almost forgot how good he feels. I barely even have the focus to give more of a bitch look to Iga as I start riding him. I do manage a little, though. She responds by flipping over and once more getting in my way by laying over top of Eli and kissing him, rubbing her less adequate chest against him. Well played, Iga, but you've made yourself vulnerable in the process.

"Ow!" Iga yelps, "What the hell Victoria!"

"You react like you've never had someone shove a thumb up your ass, Iga," I roll my eyes at her, though I don't know if she sees it with her head only half turned back.

"Well it's not a regular occurrence!" she continues to squirm, which only causes me to press deeper. I admit, watching her writhe on top of Eli is kind of hot, though my judgement may be off right now, considering I'm finally getting a decent dicking.

"What?!" I exclaim and thrust my hips forcefully down, as if that would somehow make my point, which Eli doesn't seem to mind, "What do you mean it's not a regular occurrence?"

"Don't usually do this anal stuff, Victoria, now could you please remove it!" she whines at me.

"Is that true, Eli?" I pause for a few seconds of intense riding, as he hits a sensitive spot, "Has she not been giving you anal?"

"Is this, um, really the time, Victoria?" he asks, in between groans.

"It's the perfect time. We're all here, the subject is obviously relevant!" I suspect I already know the answer.

"We haven't really experimented with that, no," he admits.

"And why not? Honestly, Iga, what kind of job were you doing as a sexual surrogate!" my hips stop, and I place my hands on them, glaring down at her.

"I'm not really that into it, and he didn't press me for it," Iga shrugs, looking back.

"That's hardly relevant. Him being too polite to tell you to spread those cheeks is no excuse. I gave you the luxury of fucking my Eli, and I expect you to offer him all your holes, Iga," it's maddening that I have to spell this out.

"You don't even remember asking me, Victoria! You blanked your memories! You can't possibly- AH!" she jumps as I pull my thumb free and force two fingers up her rear. Her hole is surprisingly pliant for someone who's 'not really into it'.

"Not even vaguely the point, Iga!" I force the fingers deeper, "If you're being asked to satisfy his needs when I can't, then you're obviously expected to do everything in your power to satisfy them! Clearly that includes anal!"

She doesn't respond, or rather, she doesn't respond to my words. She does respond to the fingers I start pistoning into her ass. I start him hips again, slamming down as roughly as I penetrate Iga. Almost as frustrated with her as I am aroused. Watching her squirm under my fingers is actually quite enjoyable. Eli seems to, as well, judging by the increased strength of his thrusts. Iga, herself, is trying real hard to pretend she doesn't enjoy it.

I get a little lost in the moment. It's been so long since I've had a decent dicking that for a few moments, I nearly forget about the whole situation. Eve cockblocking me, Iga fucking Eli and not even doing it properly, even that bitch locked up in the basement. It just melts away with each pump of my hips.

I mean, it doesn't completely go away. Hard to forget about what Iga's up to when I've got my fingers in her. She keeps whining and squealing, but doesn't fight me, so she must like it. Especially judging from how tightly she's wrapped her arms around Eli's neck and how much she appears to be shoving her tongue down his throat. Not much composure on her part, but giving Eli attention is why I brought her in.

My hips pump against her ass each time I raise them up, or as much as they can with my fingers still working into her. I'm going to be honest here, Iga has a nice ass. It's not going to make up for lack of genius, but it's nice. It must be pleasant for Eli to bounce against when he fucks her, even if she's not been properly giving it to him.

But like I said, I do get a bit lost, and forget about whatever hangups I have. It gets intense, and I nearly forget I have my fingers in Iga, by the time I cum. I tense up and my fingers curl a bit, which much stretch her more. If she was properly taking it in the ass like a good lab assistant, it wouldn't even faze her, but here we are.
