 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 10

"Iga, shut up!" I yell in frustration.

"I... didn't say anything, Victoria..." she replies in what is probably understandable confusion.

"No," I sigh and rub my temples, leaning my forehead to the wall, "But you were thinking it."

"It sounds like you might be projecting a little bit," she says, rather unhelpfully. Not wrong, just unhelpful.

"Of course I am! It's an ego defense mechanism, and my ego is in crisis right now," I'm forced to lecture her about the obvious again, "This is a disaster, and it's clearly your fault."

She folds her arms and gives me a stern look that risks going beyond her station as a mere assistant, "How exactly would this be my fault?"

"Because the only other person who's fault it could be is mine. And obviously that's not true, I'm a genius," I lift my head and lightly bang it against the stone wall.

"So close to self-awareness, yet so far," she gets snarky, but I don't have the energy to correct her right now.

"Do all your 'experiments' end up this way?" a shrill bitch voice comes from the other end of the cell.

Iga, once again unhelpful, holds up her hand and gives the wavering 'kinda' sign. I just point back to the corpse counter, without looking back.

"You don't talk. I've had enough of your shit," my hand drops when I've made my feelings clear.

"It's the first thing I've said since you've been in here with-"

"And it needs to be the last thing!" I shout.

There's a long pause in the conversation.

"I'm cold," I say, flatly.

We are, in fact, all naked, sitting in a stone cell in the basement, so that's kind of a given. How Eve managed this is still a little baffling. I guess I just didn't imagine she'd go so far, and we left ourselves tired and vulnerable. Also, she's a horrible abomination and mistake of science who's freakishly strong. Which, as I've already explained, is basically Iga's fault.

"I'll say you're cold. If you were worthwhile, you wouldn't have to make entirely new women and bring in your assistant to satisfy your-" the corpse counter stops her awful bleating when I come rushing at her.

No weapons available, but I'm not above beating her to death with my bare hands. It's not really using my brilliance, as I'd prefer it, but I am bigger than her, so that'll have to do. Unfortunately, Eli is bigger still, and his calmer judgement prevails as he grabs me around the waist and pulls me back.

"Easy, babe, this isn't going to help our situation," he says into my ear.

"Nonsense, I'll feel much better!" I shout, "Emotional health is paramo-"

I pause, once again with the distinct feeling of being watched.

Eve slides the cell door open extremely casually, without even moving to block us from escaping. There's something very smug about how she leaves us completely open to an escape attempt, like she's got us terrified of her, and none of us would dare to risk her wrath by making a break for it.

In fairness, none of us do, because Eve is fucking crazy and strong, and none of us want to risk it, but that's besides the point.

She doen't say anything, she just reaches in and grabs Eli by the arm, just above the elbow, and promptly pulls him towards her, out of the cell. I don't care for how she treats him like a piece of meat. Really, only I should be doing that.

"Yoink," Iga adds a very unnecessary sound effect to the action, possibly unaware to the extent that she's risking getting slapped.

I almost reach out to grab him as she pulls him away, but realize that playing tug of war with my poor baby as the rope is not going to help this situation. Instead, I just kind of, let her take him.

"Eve, please, can't you at least let him rest awhile? He only has so much stamina," I try, in vain, to persuade her.

"If he is tired, it's only because you decieved me to get away with using him for sex. Any exhaustion he has is your fault," she closes the door and immediately grabs his cock, trying to coax it back to life.

Technically true, in a sense, but that's not relevant. She has no rights to him, like I do, and she should be grateful for the time she has with him, ill-gotten as it is. Of course, I don't say that. That would be crazy.

"Eve, he's my boyfriend, what would you think he and I would do together?" I argue.

"No. He is my boyfriend now, as I've told you. You are only permitted access to him, sexually, when I allow it. You've proven you cannot be trusted with him, so you will stay secure, where I can keep track of you," she says very confidently, while continuing to try to get Eli hard.

"That why you locked him up with us?" the corpse-counter chimes in.

"In his current state, none of you have capacity to make him physically aroused. Your appearances and demeanors are sexually insignificant," she criticizes us, while struggling to make him hard, herself.

It's a little funny, but I don't say anything. That wouldn't help. Iga apparently thinks otherwise, responding with a snort of laughter.

"Doesn't look like you're as significant as you think," she smirks a little. 

Brave. Maybe foolish. But amusing. There are times she reminds me why I chose her to assist me in all this. Eve is markedly less amused, and stares daggers at her. Iga retreats back a little from the bars.

"Eve, listen," Eli clears his throat, "They're right, I can only accomplish so much, physically. Maybe if we wait just a little-"

"No," she cuts him off, "You will become erect and I will use you for sex. Whether you like it or not."

With that, she releases his cock and spins him around, slamming him against the bars, so that he's directly facing us. He doesn't seemed harmed, just surprised.

"Baby, are you okay?" I ask, reaching to grab his hand.

I don't get a chance see or hear a response before Eve's arm darts through the bars and grabs the closest person she can reach. Which, with Iga shrinking back, just so happens to be me. She takes a handful of my hair and pulls my face towards her and jams a pair of fingers into my mouth, twisting and swirling them around. I almost gag, but science isn't the only thing I'm good at.

"Eve, what the hell was that for?!" I demand, catching my breath.

No answer from her, but when I lock eyes with Eli again, it becomes rather clear. His eyes go wide like dinner plates and he gasps sharply, pulling forward as if to get away from Eve, but only pinning himself to the bars.

"Eve! This is not helping anyone, and it kinda hurts!" he shouts, hurriedly.

I grab his hand to try and comfort him. I hate feeling so helpless as she just does what she wants to him.

"Stop this immediately!" I demand, knowing how futile it is, "You're hurting him! And he's not going to be into it, I've tried several times!"

She presses her free hand against his back, pinning him in place while she pistons the two fingers into my poor baby's ass. I gently stroke his hair and clasp his hand, hoping it will be over soon.

"Prostate manipulation will make him erect," she says, flatly, "If you had not worn him out, this wouldn't be necessary."

I barely contain a scream at that. How dare she try to blame her behavior on me? I mean, yes, that's technically correct in that I created her so it's sort of my fault, but that doesn't excuse it. And really, Iga deserves a lot of blame, too.

It, um, does work though. She pushes her fingers back and forth, and in practically no time at all, she pumps his dick up like it's an inflatible toy. Wish I'd thought of that earlier, actually. He still probably would have said no, but it'd be worth a shot.

He sighs in relief when she finally withdraws her fingers, but the moment doesn't last as she grabs him by the back of the neck to promptly spin him around and push him to the floor on his back, right next to the bars.

I expect her to mount him right there, but she seems intent on asserting her dominance. She grabs his legs behind the knees and pushes them forward, folding them over him, then pulls his cock straight up before sinking herself down on him. The thrusts start immediately, no warming up with slow pump, just straight to pounding herself down on him. It doesn't look like the most comfortable position for him.

"Ooh, amazon position. Kinky," a skanky voice declares from behind us.

"Thank you, we can see that," I say through clenched teeth.

Right next to me, and I can do nothing. I reach out and grab his hand, which he squeezes back, but doesn't respond any beyond that, being a little too occupied.

Though, I will admit, the human spirit can weather anything, and this is not nearly as shocking or stressful as it was at first. That itself is almost upsetting - the idea that I'm watching Eve use my man as her own personal carnival ride, and I'm not nearly as troubled by it as I was at first.

I'm still bothered by it, obviously. Though it does put things in perspective. I'm now much more comfortable with sharing him with Iga, given the alternative. It's almost pleasant to think about them together, now. I mean, yeah, I did masturbate while I watched them that first time, which makes me sound like a giant pervert when you actually say it, but I was still clearly distressed about it, and that was really more of a physiological response.

Which there is some of that here with Eve. Not gonna lie. Emotionally objectionable? Visually objectionable? Absolutely not. Maybe that's why him with Iga isn't so troublesome. Iga's not exactly a competitor. She's not prettier and could never be better in bed than I am. Eve, on the other hand, is the manifestation of my genius, and thus seems far more threatening.

I think, for a moment, that I should stop overanalyzing this whole situation. Then I'm left in the moment, watching Eve bounce up and down, that newly installed pussy of hers nearly squeezing the blood back out of Eli's swollen cock. She just pistons back and forth, clearly unconcerned with either his pleasure or comfort, just seeking her own satisfaction. The rhythm is hypnotic, and Eli's hand squeezes mine each time she slams home.

Then the rhythm breaks, and his hand squeezes hard, and stays that way.

"Baby, are you okay?" I ask, as I notice the change.

The words haven't even finished leaving my mouth before I realize that was a stupid question. His back arches, as much as he can with all her weight over him, and his body tenses. I shiver a little as I watch him. I can't help that I love watching him cum, even if it's into another woman.

He lays back and gasps as his orgasm finally subsides, which is swiftly followed by Eve standing up, looking decidedly non-plussed.

"He finished too soon," she states, flatly.

Don't look at me, I'm as surprised as you are. I didn't think he'd have it in him to finish so quick.

"...And?" I ask, maybe a little too sharply for my own good.

"You will finish what he started," she informs me, grabbing me by the hair and pulling me to the bars. It's a flimsy grasp, and I actually manage to pull free, for once.

"Hey! I'll do no such thing!" I pull my hair back, "Maybe you should just take a cold shower."

"Fine," she sighs, irritated, then points to the corpse-counter, "You will finish me. You will make me cum and you will clean out his semen."

My eye twitches. What did she just say?

Oh hell no. That harpy is not putting her lips on my baby's cum, no matter where she gets it. I mirror Eve with my own annoyed sigh.

"Wait," I tell her, "I'll do it."

"By which," I continue, "I mean Iga will do it."

Look, it's not my fault that Iga wandered too close to the bars. I saw her out of the corner of my eye and I took my chance. I didn't mean to throw her under the bus, it's... no, no actually, I meant that exactly.

It works, too. Eve's arm snaps through the bars and grabs Iga before I can even blink. It's actually quite impressive to see those fast twitch muscle fibers in action on Eve. My serum did more than I ever expected, really. As soon as I find a way to get my house back in order, it might actually have some applications that don't involve crossing ethical boundaries. Not as interesting, but probably more practical.

She hauls my poor assistant to her knees and pushes her face between the bars. I almost get a nasty look, but no time for snark from Iga, as her mouth is buried in pussy, post haste. Sorry Iga, but sometimes being the assistant means you have to make sacrifices for science. Besides, Iga's basically a lesbian anyways, from what I can tell, so this is more up her alley. I almost feel bad about throwing her to the wolves like that, but when I think about it like that, I realize that there's really nothing wrong with it. It takes courage to forgive myself for any wrongdoing like that, but it's necessary if I'm going to get us out of this - I can't spend time being hung up on little details.

Clearly, Iga's better at this than I am, so it makes sense from the perspective, too. She really gets into it. Not that she has a choice on being 'into it', in that Eve is holding her in place, but Iga seems to actually be doing her best. She gets her tongue deep in there like she's looking for a prize. Eve is pumped full of Eli's cum, ill-gotten as it was. Clearly, Iga just wants to make sure she gets it all out so that there's no chance that Eve will do anything with that awful woman in the corner, and allow her to touch my baby's cum. This is why I trust her with such a job.

I find it hard to look away, not that I should be doing anything but keeping an eye on Eve for signs of what she'll do next, but I mean watching Iga at work on her pussy has me a bit transfixed. From an intellectual perspective, of course. She's clearly very good at this, which I can see from watching her suck on Eve's clit, and from how I can tell she's rhythmically circling her tongue under her lips. Even if I couldn't tell just from seeing her movements, the way Eve grunts and moans and presses her hips to Iga's mouth tell me all I need to know.

I wonder if maybe this is another role that Iga could serve as a lab assistant, if Eli is occupied. Obviously, I'm not any sort of lesbian, so it's not that I want a woman between my legs, specifically, to perform sex acts on me. But mouths are mouths, that's pretty much the same no matter who you are, and sometimes a good orgasm can clear your head and help you get back to the science at hand. So I'm only thinking of practicality here.

Eve cums in the most unsubtle way possible, practically riding poor Iga's face to orgasm, and covering it with her fluids. The way she pulls at the bars makes me think she's going to bend them, but they stay put. When she's done, she releases Iga and lets her drop, as if discarding her now that she's done her job.

Eve slowly she catches her breath, then turns and grabs the exhausted Eli by the ankle, dragging him off with her like a cave woman. He doesn't say anything, seeming to be resigned to this treatment.

"Where are you taking him?" I demand.

"I will keep him where only I have access to him from now on. You are done having sex with him, unless I decide to reward you for something," she stops and half turns back, "I will have more improvements for you to make to my body. Consider this when you perform them."

It's a relief to finally be let out of the cell, even if it is to make Eve more of an offense to god. I mean, I'm not against that on principle, but I prefer to make my own abominations against nature, not have it dictated to me. I don't even argue that much when she says Iga has to stay in the cell, and I've got to do the operation all on my own. A little time not crowded by everyone is nice, which I get once I've properly sedated Eve. She won't know if I take a little time to relax and act like I'm not in in a bizarre hostage situation.

And it'll give me time to find where she's hiding my poor Eli.

Doesn't actually take too long. Eve demands we start the operation immediately, nudity be damned, so I put her under anasthesia before I go looking for some clothes. I find that my bedroom door is locked tight. No points for creativity in hiding him, Eve. 

"Hello?" my baby asks from behind the door after I jostle the knob.

"It's me! Open up!" I urgently tell him.

"You don't think I would if I could?" he points out, rather astutely, "It's... look, go into the next room, over to that peephole, so we can talk easier."

"I... I don't know what you're talking about," I say, rather unconvincingly.

"Babe, I've literally seen you looking through it. From the other side. It's unnecessarily large and kind of hard to miss," he explains, "I think Iga knows too. We can pretend we don't next time you watch us through there if you'd like. But just go over there so we don't have to talk through the door."

That's a little embarrassing. He's right, though.

"Okay," I settle down on the other side of the peephole, "What exactly has she done?"

"She put these heavy duty locks and bars on the door and windows, there's no getting them open without the keys, and god knows where she hides them," he sighs, "Lots of places for that in the house."

"Fine, we'll just cut through the knot on this one," I decide, "I'll go get the axe from the shed and just chop through the wall."

"That's... that's not gonna work either," he says.

"Don't tell me she's reinforced the walls, too? There's no ways she had the time to do that," she is strong and fast, though.

"No, she used... something else. She may be developing more intellect than you planned," he tells me, anxiously, "See, there's this apparatus, like a ring... on my balls. I can't get it off. And there's this big metal cylinder she installed on the ceiling. She says if I leave the radius of the signal that thing puts out, it'll activate. And then bees will home in on the ring. And will also trigger an email to the authorities full of evidence of what we've been doing. And also the ring will trigger an electrical charge if I try to get it off. And then explode. A normal person would say that's crazy nonsense, but I'm not really at the point that I want to risk it."

I pause for a long moment, "Hornets," just kind of slips out.

"I'm sorry?" Eli says immediately.

I clear my throat, "They're, um, hornets. Not bees."

"Victoria," he says flatly, "Is there something you want to tell me?"

"So," I take a breath, "the good news, is that Eve is not displaying as sharp of a display in brilliance as she might appear, because what you're talking about is one of my inventions."

"The bad news?" Eli asks, and I can almost hear the eye roll.

"It's still pretty complicated, so she had to be pretty sharp to figure out how to work it. Also, that means she's gotten access to my old projects. Also, also, that one's a little glitchy," I clear my throat, "I didn't ever really get to test it. You probably want to keep a blanket handy or something, in case it triggers. Which it might do, pretty much arbitrarily."

"Well that's... terrifying," Eli says, "But, um, can we back up a little bit? Why do you have an invention for sending bees towards a device that seems to be custom fitted for my balls?"

"Again, hornets," I correct him.

Silence.

"Right," I nod, even though he can't see it, "The Homing Hornet Holocaust is something I put together back when we started dating. I was feeling a little insecure, and like most problems in life, I figured the solution was science. So I made something that could gently encourage your behavior if I needed to."

"Gently encourage?" he gets a little snippy.

"Well it's not like I actually used it! I didn't even finish it, really. I realized it was a bad idea and abandoned the project. I didn't expect her to find it! I don't even know how she got into the vault room where I keep all my old projects," I knock my forehead against the wall, "She must have guessed my password."
