 Raising the Dead, in Spite of the Natural Order: A Cautionary Tale

Chapter 11

After taking advantage of my temporary freedom, in getting something proper to eat and a bath, I return my attention to Eve. I make sure to further sedate her, in case the drugs have worn off in the meantime. There is the brief worry that I might give her too much, but then I remember I am the unrivaled mistress of life and death. So it's not like accidentally killing her is going to be a permanent setback. Probably. Unless I have to reanimate her and she's lost her memory and she can't get Eli and Iga out of their captivity. It's unlikely I'd kill her by accident anyways. She's quite a robust specimen.

I do get a chance to dig through my old experiments, to see if anything will be particularly helpful. And that won't get me into too much of an argument with Eli. Or just generally make things worse. It's fairly slim pickings when it comes to usefulness, despite the variety of technology. Most of these were discarded because they weren't overly useful in the first place.

I finally do start to put together a plan. I briefly consider running it by Eli and Iga, but think better of it. I can't really speak to Iga in private with that whore in the room, and Eli will probably try to start the aforementioned argument. Besides, I'm the genius here, I don't really need outside opinions on how to proceed.

Everything decided, I return to Eve and prep her to get to work. I make up my mind that this is going to be the last time I alter her, under duress or otherwise. It's a bit sad, in that respect. She is an amazing creation, despite, you know, everything else about her. So if I'm not going to get another chance, I might as well do my best and make this count.

I'll also be including my little surprise.

Most of it is pretty straightforward things she requested. Bigger tits, bigger ass, wider hips, pouty-er lips. She wanted me to remove her gag reflex, and I tried to explain that's not so much a physical thing that I can just remove, and even if I could, that's not a great idea. Arguing with her is still like talking to a brick wall, but it's getting better. I dare say she's almost developing social skills and a personality. Kind of. Still nothing that would make her a socially functioning human being. I do my best to make her throat wider so that she can avoid gagging. Not sure if that'll work.

Then there's the weird one that has me worried. The extra set of arms. She says she needs them to help hold and position Eli for sex. Or any of the rest of us. I do, again, try to explain that not only am I not sure if this will work, but that it may actually make her less physically attractive to Eli. There's no way around it, this one is gonna freak him the fuck out, but I try to communicate that more diplomatically. I'm about as successful as you'd assume.

I also don't know, at first, exactly how I'm going to implement that. There's not really a routine way to add extra arms to the human body. At first I try to add a second set of shoulder blades below the first, but I can't figure out how to map the muscles in a way that they won't interfere with her regular arms, or handle the stress of picking up a grown man with them and not tear the musculature. I finally settle on essentially making a second ball and socket joint in the original shoulder blade, by fusing two shoulder blades together. It takes some doing, and I kind of start to wish I could get Eli down here to help me. I'm a master surgeon, but he's better with the... well, it's basically carpentry. I manage however, and after a few mis-cuts, a lot of swearing, and the use of more gorilla glue than I'd like to admit, I have something respectable put together.

After that, attaching the nerves and muscles in place and patching her up seems like child's play. Admittedly, my childhood was very strange. I barely pause between this and administering my plan, which is simple by comparison. It's when I finally stop and almost collapse that I realize how long I've been at this. I don't even know what time it is. It's dark out, but I think it was dark out when I started. It was definitely light at one point during all this.

Eli and Iga need to eat, they're stuck in their respective cages. -I- need to eat. Eli has access to the master bathroom, but was there even a toilet in the cell? My thoughts race a bit, and I make the mistake of sitting down while I try to catch them, and I'm completely out within a minute.

Eve is not on the slab where I left her when I wake up. I had hoped to at least get a look at some of those stitches before she got up and moving around, but she's ultimately going to do whatever the hell she wants, anyways.

Figuring that she'd go the first place I would, I head up to the bedroom, but no one answers my knocks. I don't she's taken Eli anywhere, since she'd have to remove the Homing Hornet Holocaust Hive Chamber to do so, so he must be sleeping. I briefly consider knocking louder, but I think he could use his rest, honestly.

When I get down to the cell in the basement, she isn't there either. Anyone's guess where she is and what she's doing, but her absence does at least let me update Iga on the plan.

"Where the hell have you been?" she launches right into complaining.

"Obviously, I had to perform Eve's upgrades," I tell her what she already knows.

"That was almost two days ago, Victoria!"

"Sometimes these things take time, if you're going to do them right, Iga," I snap at her a little, she really should know to better respect the scientific process, "And also I fell asleep afterwards."

She gives me a stare that I'm not entirely in love with.

"Are you okay in here, at least?" I do feel a little guilty about leaving her to rot.

"Yeah, Eve did at least not leave us to starve. Her idea of feeding us is to give us a big block of cheddar, though," she says, "I don't even know where she got that, I don't remember us having that in the fridge."

I clear my throat, "It... didn't have any, like, star shaped spots on it, or smell like ozone, did it?"

"...No," she says slowly, narrowing her eyes.

"Okay, it was the control group then, you should be fine," I pause for a second, then lift up my hand, "How many fingers am I holding up?"

"...Three," she again gives me that look that I'm not thrilled with.

"What-"

"It's unrelated. And like I said, control group, so that was just cheese," I explain, "But let me know if you start seeing any colors that you've never seen before."

"But look, Iga, I've got a plan," I say, "While she was under, I put an extra surprise among her enhancements."

"It's... not a bomb, is it?" she nitpicks.

"No," I roll my eyes, "It's an implosion device."

"That's a bomb, Vict-"

"Bombs are strictly explosives by definition, Iga!" I shout, clenching my eyes, "It's not a bomb!"

"Fine, fine," she waves her hand, "Not important. How does this help us?"

"It means we have leverage to control her," I apparently have to explain this, "Or at the very least, if we can get everyone free, we can safely implode her from a distance, and be done with it. It's as simple as a button press from..."

I reach into my pocket, "...my remote..." I continue to rifle through, coming up completely empty-handed, "Shit."

"What, you can't find it?" Iga asks.

"Obviously I can't find it, I'm looking for it and not finding it, Iga!" I snap.

"Well, where could you have left it?" she says, surprisingly patiently, which makes me feel a little bad for my tone, "Retrace your steps."

I sigh, disappointed, "I'm... I'm pretty sure it's in her."

Iga rubs the bridge of her nose, "Like, with the bomb?"

"It's not a bomb!" what is it with the lack of respect for terminology, lately?

"It's not important what it is!" she says, though I disagree, "The remote is basically right next to it?"

"...Yes," I sigh and look up to the ceiling.

"Where ins-"

"Uterus," I clarify, "Right in the baby-box."

"Huh," she says, and we sort of stand in silence for a minute.

"Sounds like that handsome boyfriend of yours is going to get imploded if he pounds her too hard," a bitchy voice pipes in.

Almost forget she was there. Iga and I slowly turn our heads towards her, almost in unison. If contempt could manifest physically, I'd be able to choke her with it. Not even the fact that she properly identified the implosion device would save her.

"Thank you. Noted," I tersely respond.

"She, uh, does kind of have a point, though," Iga turns back to me, "All that jostling from Eli's cock thrusting up into Eve's pussy, over and over, pushing so hard on her insides..."

I furrow my brow at her, and she takes the hint.

"...it could be a risk of activating the remote," Iga says, "Tell me there's at least some kind of safety feature, so that it doesn't go off too easily?"

"It's, um, kind of hard to press?" I shrug.

Iga looks nonplussed.

"Science is a process, Iga, you know that," I scowl, "Learning from our mistakes is how we improve."

"I'd like if those mistakes don't involve our boyfriend being compressed into a singularity or anything," she says.

"Don't be over dramatic, it's not a 'singularity', it's just a standard implosion. But, yeah. It would probably not be all that amazingly great for Eli if it went off while he was balls deep in Eve," I take a breath, then realize what she said, "What do you mean 'our'-"

"Not important right now, Victoria!" which is technically correct, but only just barely, "We have to stop her from riding him like a carousel!"

I bang my head against the bars, "But that's basically all she does!"

"All who does?" Eve is right behind me, because of course she is.

She's wearing a robe, thankfully, concealing the new... stuff. I don't have to explain everything just yet.

"They were just saying you ride her man enough to get saddle sores," the coroner opens her whore mouth. The 'whoreoner', if you will.

"That is not all I do," Eve still doesn't quite get jokes, really. A weakness, but not one I can think of any way to manipulate.

"I can see why you think that, though," she continues, "I find that I need very little sleep, so it must seem that I am having sex with Eli very regularly. Which I am. But I have more time in the day to dedicate to other pursuits as well, like going through your computer. You have a lot of fetishes."

"I do not! I'll have you know that's a perfectly normal amount. How would you even know what an abnormal amount is?" the nerve she has.

"I didn't imply it was your computer," she furrows her brow a little.

I choke back a snicker, "You meant Iga?"

"No, I meant you. I simply hadn't implied it before you got so defensive," she says, "You're very insecure for someone who's into some very-"

"Okay! Point made, Eve! What do you want?!" I probably should have taken her larynx out. Hindsight is 20/20.

"I'm going to have sex with Eli again," she throws out there. No shit, Eve.

"Okay...?" I'm a bit confused, "Why are you here, then?"

It's so routine at this point, there's not really even any urge to protest her being an undead hussy.

"You are going to watch," she informs me.

My eyes narrow, "Why would I need to do-"

"I've seen your 'cuckquean' folder, and it appeals to me," she says some crazy shit, like that's something I have, "I've adopted the fetish. You're going to watch me have sex with Eli, and also you are not going to have sex with him anymore."

This degenerate shit is going a little far. And I don't know where she learned it. I'm not into that weird stuff.

"Why the hell would I agree to that?!" I exclaim, "And also, if you're into cuckqueaning, should you be the one watching?"

"No, I like it this way. And your agreement isn't necessary. You can't stop me," she says, and grabs me by the wrist to pull me away.

As I'm struggling, I look back and a wide eyed Iga looks at me with an outstretched hand, which she quickly closes. Shit, she's right.

"Wait, wait! Eve!" I shout, "You can't have sex with him. It's too soon after you've had surgery!"

"That's what you said last time. It was a ruse to illicitly appropriate the use of his penis," I swear her vocabulary is expanding, "I'm not falling for that again. You just want access to him."

"No! It's true!" it kind of is, she's even more of a freak of nature than before, "I'll prove it! Um..."

My mouth got a little ahead of me, "Uh... you can make Iga have sex with him. And I can watch that. I'll still be getting cucked, so clearly it isn't about me getting any."

"No. The short woman is in cahoots with you. She is also forbidden from cock," she pauses and stares at me for a moment.

She tilts her head a little, like she's gotten an idea, "Instead, he will have sex with Felicia."

What?

"Who the fuck is Felicia?!"

My keenly honed deductive powers catch up with me rather quick.

"OH NO! NO-NO-NO-NO-NO-NO-NO!" I shout, "Not an option Eve! That hussy is not to come anywhere near my baby!"

"Oh, come on, it's not like it'll be the first time I got a little attention from your man," the whore jumps in.

I lunge forward, trying to grab her and choke her through the bars, but Eve's hands promptly grab my upper arms from behind, and she pulls me back, "That was under duress, and it wasn't all the way!"

"What difference does it make if he gets his dick wet from -another- pussy, anyhow?" she rolls her eyes, bitchily, "You'd think you'd be used to the idea by now. Besides, this could be the highlight of my kidnapping, and could convince me to not contact the authorities when this is all over."

"Your skank-whore-cunt will never touch his beautiful cock you degenerate below average succubus!" I screech at her.

"You're so uptight about this. I'd think you'd want me to explode all over his cock, and not Eve..." she trails off, with her quiet threat to rat me out.

Also, she said 'explode', and that's clearly, explicitly an attempt to piss me off, since she was there and knows goddamn well that it's an implosion. How fucking hard is this?

"It is decided," Eve states, quite flatly.

"It is most certainly -not- decided! We are still deciding here!" I continue an argument I already know I've lost.

"Yes it has been decided. I just decided. My decision is the only one that counts," she strives to piss me off more, "Felicia will have vigorous sex with Eli, and you and I will watch."

"Do, um, I watch, too?" Iga asks, with a little too much hopefulness in her voice, for my tastes.

"No. I don't have enough hands to hold both you and Victoria in place, and masturbate at the same time. You will stay in the cell and wait," Eve tells her.

"...Wait, but you do have enough hands to hold Victoria and mast-" Iga begins asking, but immediately gets an answer to her question when Eve reaches one of her new arms out from under her robe to unlock the cell.

"WHOA! WHOA!" Iga jumps, both her and Felicity, or whatever her name is, shrieking in near unison, "What the hell is that?!"

"An arm," Eve doesn't elaborate.

"Clearly!" Iga shouts, "Why do you have three?!"

"I don't. I have four," Eve displays the last one to illustrate.

I have to admit, the motor control on them is much better than I'd anticipated. Turns out I am as brilliant as I think I am.

"But why?!" Iga continues to be unnecessarily incredulous.

"Victoria installed them," she grabs the whore from the cell and yanks her out, re-locking it with her last free arm.

Iga gives me this exasperated look like I've done some horrible trespass.

"Oh, don't pretend like -this- part is where we enter 'horrible offense to god' territory, Iga," I roll my eyes a bit.

She opens her mouth to say something, but then claps it back shut and gives a surrendering nod. Any further discussion is cut off by my being yanked away, along with the whore. Speaking of offenses to god...

"Um, hi girls," Eli gets up from the bed rubbing his eyes, "What's... going on?"

Eve drags the both of us in then turns to lock the door, "We are here for sex."

"Yeah, I got that Eve. You don't generally come by just to... do anything else," he sighs a little at that.

Being locked away and used for his body must be a bit demeaning and objectifying, after awhile. When this is over, I'll be sure to take him somewhere to keep him safe, where I can make sweet love to him repeatedly, whenever I feel the need, without these other women preying on him.

"I mean specifically, what is going on?" he gestures at the three of us, "This is different. What weird stuff do you have planned?"

"You are going to fuck her this time," Eve informs him, referring to the slut.

She pulls the woman forward and pushes her towards him. She stumbles a bit as Eve grabs the back of her shirt by the collar, and tears it off of her in one fluid motion. I'll admit, the way she shrieks at the sudden disrobing is a little amusing.

She's also not wearing a bra. Imagine my shock.

Eli raises his brow a little, observing her, before leaning to the side to look at me.

"Victoria...? Is this your idea?" he asks.

"I assure you, it most certainly is not," I tell him, quite defiantly.

"It was her idea," Eve says.

"It is not!" I think about that one, "Okay, yes, sort of, indirectly. It wasn't my idea for you to fuck her. I was just going to have you fuck Iga again, but Eve said no."

"I feel like I'm missing an important piece of- OH HOLY CRAP EVE WHY DO YOU HAVE EXTRA ARMS?!" normally I'd say that was oddly imperceptive of him not to notice that until now, but we've collectively probably pumped several liters of semen from him in the past week, so I'll give him a break.

"Yes, yes, we've already had all our freak outs over that. Very strange, lines man was not meant to cross, yadda, yadda," I wave my hand dismissively.

"I... what?" he stares at me in confusion, "I'm kind of out of the loop up here, Victoria, what exactly is going on?"

"Not important right now," Eve jumps in, "Remove your pants, Eli."

She's kind of right, we should just get this over with. Eve walks up to him and starts forcefully unfastening his belt, to which he does his best to slap her hands away.

"Eve, I've got it, I don't need your help with that," he takes over disrobing himself.

"Clearly you do, your cock is not presented to me yet," she folds her arms. Well, one set.

"Yes, yes, I'm going, I'm going," Eli unbuckles his pants and drops them, then lifts his shirt over his head, "Still confused. Why exactly do you want me to have sex with her, after acting all jealous over her kissing me before?"

"Don't forget when you went down on me, too," the slut feels the need to bring up, "I certainly haven't! You have magic lips, baby."

"Watch your whore mouth, whore!" I blurt out.

She doesn't really respond, just gives me a smug, bitch expression real quick, before turning back to Eli. Not crazy about her calling my baby 'baby', either.

"Um, yeah, that's the kind of stuff I'm talking about, Victoria. You don't seem thrilled with this," he says, "Why am I not just having sex with Eve, like usual? You seem to at least be at peace with that."

My eyes turn to dinner plates, "No, Eli. That's not a good idea right now. Your cock in her pussy. Not a good idea, right now," I clench my teeth, "You should fuck Felicity instead."

"It's actually Felicia," she opens her whore mouth again, to dare correct me in front of my naked boyfriend.

Eli narrows his eyes, "Why is that not a good idea?"

"It's the operation. It's too soon to use her pussy," I tell him.

Eli's not a brilliant scientist, but he's certainly not a dullard, and he can be too perceptive for his own good, "Is there something I should know about-"

"Just fuck the stupid corpse counter, Eli!" I shout.

"There's no telling me twice," Felicia laughs and promptly sinks to her knees and promptly shovels his cock into her mouth like the greedy cunt she is.
