 Chapter 4 – A threesome, sort of....

If Kat dreamed that night she did not remember it. She woke up in the morning feeling rested, she thought about the story last night where she ended, it was kind of sad, but then 200 years is more than anyone else gets. 

She grinned at her silly thoughts and muttered to herself, "It's just a story, no need to invest emotions into the characters." She knew that was a lie, she felt connected and already thought of the characters as real, but her logical mind was fighting it.

Kat followed her typical morning and found a small problem with the FTL drive. She was able to shut down and make repairs by lunch losing no more than a few hours' worth of travel time. 

She made a roast beef sandwich and grabbed a soda to drink. After lunch she double checked the drive readings and her repairs were holding up just fine. She went into the lounge area and curled up with the book.....



Mike and I pulled up to the apartment around 8 and started unloading the clothes from the trunk. I saw a stunning woman walk out of her apartment a few doors down dressed for clubbing. She was about 5'8" and had full bodied red hair, wearing a tight skirt to mid thigh. Her breasts appeared to be straining against the tight shirt she had on. 

Mike looked over and said, "Hi Brooke." 

I said hello too and smiled. I could tell by his body language he was attracted to her, but he just waved and opened the apartment and walked inside. I smiled at the redhead bombshell and followed my master inside after she waved and got in her car to go.

"Master," I said breathily. "We should invite her over to join us sometime." 

Mike blushed and asked me if I really wanted something like that. He seemed surprised that I would want that, not want him all to myself. 

I reassured him, "Yes master, not only because I was created to help take care of a harem, you're desires also make me want to. The thought of watching someone else pleasure you and joining in makes me hot and tingly." 

I kept eye contact with him so he could see my sincerity and my desire. His pants showed a large bulge by the time I was done talking. He asked me if I wanted a drink and told me he wanted to relax and watch a movie. He brought over some wine and two glasses and I cuddled into him on the couch to watch some scary movie. 

Mike put his arm around me and caressed me the whole movie, it was very relaxing and just slightly arousing at the same time. I melted against his side and returned his touches. I figured out about half way through the movie he was treating me like we were on a date. 

I, a sex genie, all but a slave body and soul and my master was treating me as an equal. I wondered how I could be so lucky. When the movie was over I sat across his lap and kissed him softly, hopefully getting my masters thoughts moving in the right direction, I was more than ready to be ravaged. 

He started smiling and made a wish, "I wish to be in a threesome". My magic reached out to verify his true intentions and it had a problem, as it searched some more Mike frowned and said, "What is that tingling in my head? I usually feel it when I make a wish, but it's stronger this time." 

Once I reviewed what the magic had found I smiled happily. Thinking about it a minute I purred out a reply, "When you make a wish some genies or jinn take the literal word as the wish. For me it is different, I am a designed to serve your true desires behind the words, the tingling happens when my magic tries to determine what you are truly asking for." 

He seemed pleased by my answer and asked, "So why was it stronger this time?" 

I kissed his neck and purred sensuously close to his ear, "Because although you want and desire a threesome at some point, your overwhelming desire is to ravage just me right now, so the magic couldn't figure out what to do." 

He considered this shortly and followed up with the obvious question, "Does this mean I don't get my wish?" 

While looking at me waiting for my answer I watched my duplicate slide against my master and whisper in his ear as his eyes widened and his cock twitched against his tented pants, "No, it means you have two of me to pleasure you master."

I felt four of my hands explore my master's body as I nibbled and kissed his neck from both sides. The doubled senses and intense sensuality of it hardened my nipples and I got extremely wet on both of my pussies. 

Sara and I got up and when master tried to follow we pushed him back down into the couch. We said in a seductive voice, "Time for a dance master", and we started dancing for him. 

As I slowly danced a strip tease, Sara was giving him a lap dance, grinding against his hard cock through his pants. As I was finishing up with my strip she caressed down his chest and then pulled his shirt over his head. 

With a wink she started stripping as I gave a lap dance, my naked butt cheeks first grinding, then grabbing and squeezing his cock through his pants. 

Sara finished her strip and danced over and then we were both grinding our pussy and ass on either leg, looking over our shoulders with a fuck me look in our eyes. 

We turned around and spread his legs then knelt on the couch and presented 4 perfect creamy C cup tits with hard nipples. 

As master started kissing and flicking his tongue against one nipple than the next we both grabbed an arm and guided his fingers to our dripping pussy's, guiding his fingers through the folds and up inside, leaning together I started kissing Sara as we both rode his fingers. 

The overwhelming sensitivity of it all caused us to cry out in chorus as our pussies shot out juice, covering both of master's hands. 

Both my bodies were vibrating with pleasure. We took his hands and fed masters fingers to each other, licking off the juices of our opposite with greedy tongues and sucking lips. 

When we were done cleaning we backed up and pulled master off the couch and turned him sideways, sandwiched between us. I kissed his lips as Sara kissed the back of his neck and shoulders. 

I explored his front while Sara got his back. At exactly the same time we started kissing our way down sliding our hardened nipples down his chest and back simultaneously. 

On the way down I undid his button and zipper and when we reached his pants with our lips we slowly lowered his pants, following behind with kisses, licks and nips. She slowly kissed her way down his ass, flicking her tongue on the crack as I slowly kissed my way up his engorged shaft, both of us moaning in anticipation, the master moaning in pleasure looking down at us. 

Our wet tongue kisses reached our ultimate destinations at the same time, she kissed and licked his puckered hole as I kissed and licked his tip, cleaning off the dripping precum. I licked circles around his sensitive tip as Sara started rimming his ass. 

Master was moaning in pleasure now, his breathing coming hard he grunts out, "I am going to cum, can't hold it anymore."

I felt his cock jump against my lips and Sara shoved her tongue inside his ass as I bobbed down, taking his entire cock into my mouth in one quick move, swallowing him past my gag point and rubbing my tongue against the bottom of his shaft. 

Master cried out, "Here it comes, suck my cum out." 

I started sucking hard and swallowing with my throat muscles trying to milk him. 

Sara stuck her tongue deeper in his ass and lightly traced his taint with her fingertips as I softly caressed his balls with my fingernails causing him to explode. 

The first two pulses went right down my throat but I pulled back a bit and sucked hard, milking the rest out. 

Sara crawled around master and we both looked up through our lashes as we kissed and shared master's seed, then we swallowed and we both gave masters cock and balls a tongue bath, changing back and forth between us.

We each grabbed a hand and led a very satisfied speechless master into the bed room and had him lay down on the bed and we crawled on each side of him. We both nibbled on his opposite ears while caressing both his inner thighs. 

We started alternating back and forth talking dirty, "I'm going to ride your amazing cock master, do you want my tight wet pussy squeezing it?" 

"Would you like me to sit on your face master, drip all my juice into your mouth as you fuck me with your tongue?" 

Apparently my master loved to be teased.

No magic required, master was already hard as a rock and ordered us to do so. His commanding tone made my pussies tingle and I straddled his face, slowly lowering onto his lips as Sara slowly enfolded his hard cock in her warm tight sheath. The three of us started panting and moaning building up to another release. 

Sara reached behind her and caressed his balls as she rode up and down, grinding into him with each down stroke as I ground my pussy against his tongue. 

Master started moaning loudly in my folds as I started to orgasm, between both bodies I was being overwhelmed by orgasm after orgasm as I felt both his tongue licking and sucking at my juices greedily and his hard cock plundering my depths and stimulating my g-spot. 

Both of me cried out in pain and ecstasy, my tears running with the painful pleasure of being over stimulated. Master groaned loudly and pushed into me hard from below as he bit my clit and we all came together hard. 

I rolled over and lay down next to master breathing hard, covered in sweat and experiencing intense aftershocks throughout my body. 

Sara fell forward and kissed master with passion. She smiled naughtily and said, "See you next time master." She rolled off of him and promptly disappeared. 

I kissed master as well, then crawled down and cleaned both my and masters cum off his cock and balls.

Master pulled me up to him and held me close to him, kissing softly and said, "Sara you are amazing, I wish we were clean so I could continue to hold you all night without the interruption of shower time." 

We were instantly clean and I said, "Thank you master, you are amazing yourself." I kissed him and we held each other and waited for sleep.