 (When I was much younger, A very good looking offworlder charmed me one night at my usual hangout...little did I know that this 'chance' meeting was much, much more than it seemed. In just a couple of chapters, you too will understand all...)

He charms me with how direct he is. Right after the "Hi" and the quick hop onto the bar stool, we are suddenly the only two people there...to me, anyway. The music, the chatter of others talking, the smells of beer and food...it all goes away somewhere, just not here. When you are shy, a self-confident guy can break right through and get in to the space you hope he wants to be in...with you. Ranu' is that kind of guy. Right here on these bar stools, clothes on and everything, I feel as if he is inside of me...in my head-space, my mind, my body. I guess he paid the tab. I remember standing up and feeling his hand on the small of my back. Whatever space there is in my coverings for extra bulge disappears completely. I adjust myself hoping no one sees....hey, with tight coverings it's not easy walking with a full-on crooked boner.

The transport pulls up to my place and Ranu' pays for it. He leads me up the ramp to my entry. He takes the ID from my hand and we go in. Just inside the closed front entry, Ranu' puts his hand behind my head and there is the smallest sting there...or maybe not. He pulls me in to his luscious wet mouth. My knees literally buckle and he catches me around my waist, never taking his mouth from mine. Odd as it seems, I am really in a trance. Like I have been drugged or something...I feel lightheaded and ready to bend to his every command. He seems to know my apartment somehow, like he has been here before. "Your place is always clean and inviting...I like that, Corjix." Always?....when?.... 

We stand at the foot of my sleep platform. Ranu' loosens the ties of my coverings as slowly and deliberately as I had laced them up before leaving for the bar. They slip to the floor and I am naked before him. "This is how I like to see you, my One...your body never fails to excite the tentacles within me." Words. I can not process words right now. I have only one thought - to stay this naked with Ranu' forever. "I will keep my promise to you this night, Corjix...this night your body will enter phase two of the transformation." His eyes and mine are locked in a gaze that pierces my very soul. I have lost my ability to speak. I am lifted in his arms and he places me onto the platform. The energy that glues our eyes together is unbroken, even as Ranu' removes his coverings...our gaze continues. 

The being before me is magnificent. Oricalious does not allow offworlders but if Ranu' is 'average' there....then the systems' other males are in trouble. The Ultimate One has sent His servant to me tonight and I am a willing vessel for all that he brings. Such thoughts!... Just fantasies!...Ranu' is only....he is just.... He ascends the platform and slides toward me. His musk envelopes the chamber and I would swoon had I not already been incapacitated. Warm hands caress my legs and inner thighs. He lowers himself to me a little more with every advancing movement until I am wonderfully enveloped by him and his face hovers over mine....those eyes piercing me as they always do. Always do....

Slightly wet and strangely comforting they glide up my flanks, squirming and swerving as if to take in the most of me on the way to their targets. Two, then four, then six....I lose count, but my body does not mind, as long as the tentacles continue their journeys on my hungry skin, I can wait for the pleasure they will deliver. Now I am completely lost - I have no thought or desire save the desire to be taken completely by Ranu'...to feel his muscular form heat up my world as I bear the weight of him; as I hold his body to mine with hands eager to feel his flesh...to feel him consume me. They wind around both arms and pull them upward toward the wall. My neck welcomes its visitor and I let out a sigh of relief. Something in me knows the routine. Something in me wants what is to come. I surrender to it all.

There is a purring sound from within Ranu's midsection. I feel the vibration it makes on my belly. I am excited for it is the harbinger of all my desires this night - Ranu' is entering his High Phase. My belly tingles as more and more tentacles slither from Ranu' and trace the contours of my legs, torso, chest, and head. "We are close, my love..." As Ranu' lifts himself from me, my legs are spread apart, and I can see the mass of appendages writhing and glistening, his body even more appealing to me than before. Now he is upright at my hips, straddling me just below my crotch. His erection begins to sprout a stem-like filament that winds its way around my member and swiftly enters the slit of my very wet and engorged cockhead. Other filaments spring from those massive testicles that hang below his penis. These pierce my own orbs, yet I feel only a slight sting as they push into and spread within my fully loaded sperm cells. "We are almost there...."

I have waited for the one that parts my lips and enters my throat, sliding within me on its way to my stomach...filling me with its brew of euphoriacs and pain suppressors. I hardly need the two that pierce my skull just behind my ears at the soft spots they find there. As they deliver more of Ranu' into my brain, there ceases to be any difference between us. Now I can not breathe. I Can Not Breathe! The tentacle at my neck is constricted and no air is allowed in to my body, but I can not panic. I can not be afraid. I must await Ranu'. "Be still, Corjix, as my body carves a space within yours for the next phase of your transformation." Two splines enter my nostrils and my lungs once again have...air? They are filled now with gases from Oricalious! My body is adapting. 

A strong and thick tentacle rises high above my belly and rams into me, as an arrow pierces the body of its prey. I feel my insides being moved and rearranged. I can see fluids coursing through the clear veins of the ones inside my testicles, increasing their size with the added liquids. My belly had swollen and undulated while the tentacle within it worked its purpose, yet it is returning to normal size as that appendage is withdrawn. The testicle ones leave me and there remains only the thread within my penile shaft. A sudden convulsing from Ranu' at his erection brings that thread up in size to a diameter that fills my urethra completely. There is a flash of heat and when the thread is withdrawn, a copious amount of precum flows from my slit...."I enjoy your fluids, my One...they will now flow for my pleasure." A certain sadness overcomes me as the remaining tentacles are withdrawn. Once again, I breathe the air of my native planet, and Ranu' lowers himself to me. He kisses my mouth and without speaking, our minds are one. "You are becoming mine, my One...your body is accepting its modifications and in three more phases, we will be inseparable." I feel great joy flood my mind. "Until then, your thoughts will not recall these phases...and you will continue to meet me for the 'first time' at the bar. Soon you will carry our young within you, and join me on Oricalious as my people begin to consume yours - rest now, Corjix, and await me."