 Chapter 5 -- Showing master what he wants. 

Katarina was feeling hot and flush, it was still early afternoon but she needed some time to cool down before continuing the book. She stretched and went to the kitchen for a drink. 

Her nipples were hard and tingling from what she just read and her shirt was both irritating and arousing when it brushed against her. 

She was getting worked up but didn't want to take care of it yet, figuring the next chapter would get her even hornier. She took the wine bottle and glass of wine and headed back to her lounger so she could start the next part.....

============================

Although I had convinced master I truly wanted him to have a threesome, or even just another woman while I watched he wasn't really comfortable with the idea, even if he wanted it. 

I of course knew he wanted it, or I would not have. I am a genie, I love that he respects me and doesn't need another woman, but we aren't talking about needs here, we are talking about wants, and pleasure. 

Jealousy truly does not exist for me, and my master's regard was something I treasured, and even cried in happiness over at times. It truly is a gift.

We talked about it again a few nights later and I believed he truly understood that not only did I want it for his sake, but that letting him have it would give me pleasure. I would happily add another to our bed. 

The problem I believe was emotional brought on by his upbringing in society. There were no harem's here in America and jealousy, not acceptance and joy, was the prevalent emotion. Any man wanting more than one woman was judged a chauvinist or a player.

Dear Readers, I want to make something clear before I continue. I would never promote unsafe sex, below you will see no condoms in use, but that is because I am a genie and there will be no pregnancies or transfer of disease. In fact it's almost a public service because if my master and I sleep with someone that has a disease my protection magic will actually cure said person. If you don't have a genie I suggest bagging it!

I decided if it was going to happen, I would have to take the lead on the first time at least. I bolstered the independent emotions and suppressed the part of me that was submissive as much as possible.

I told myself I would not be able to do so if master didn't want a woman to take charge once in a while. 

After dinner that night I suggested to master we should go dancing, he looked at me and knew I was up to something, since I never ask for anything, but he smiled and said lets go.

I went to the bedroom and got out a pair of high heels and a slinky tight black strapless dress. I had no bra and panties on but the dress was tight enough to be supportive, plus my generous C's were very perky even on their own and I refused to have panty lines. 

A set of thigh high stockings and I was ready to go. Mike was dressed in a nice pants and a collared shirt, master looked so good it took effort to blurt out, "Ready to go?" instead of ravishing him on the spot. 

He slowly took me in from head to feet and back up, his eyes radiating approval and not a little lust and croaked out, "You look amazing; if we are going we should go now."

We headed into Seattle to a salsa club, the line was long but I just shook my head as master tried to go to the end of the line and led him straight in to the approving nod of the bouncer at the door. 

I immediately started scoping for a partner master would like while he ordered us some drinks. Finding a partner attractive to master was easy of course, anyone he wanted would be the same as what I wanted. 

Being a genie, calling me an effective multi-tasker would be beyond understatement.

I had the mental capacity and ability to literally talk to everyone in this club at the same time and not miss one word or gesture, if of course I created a lot of copies. 

I tell you this so you understand, master had my attention, while I was sipping my drink and bantering with him I was also examining everyone in the room with my mind for one or two compatible ladies who would be up for a good night. 

In a way I suppose I was two people at the moment. Sara was getting aroused flirting with master, completely enjoying the moment. Genie however was on a mission to find master a hot steamy lay, preferably with multiple partners. 

I spotted them dancing, a sexy Latina about 5'3" with a tight body. Long dark hair, chocolate eyes and luscious pouty lips. 

Her rounded ass and concave waist were moving around in a way that made me tingle. Her perky size B's were pushed up and showing some cleavage in a sexy tight shirt. Her flawless tanned legs were on show thanks to her short skirt. 

Dancing with her was a gorgeous blonde, her hair put up showing off her long slender neck and petite ears. 

Her eyes were a blue color a few shades darker than mine, but still bright. Her tits were amazing D cups, her red button down shirt was open half way over a bustier which advertised her vast cleavage. She had skin tight jeans hugging her ass and showing her camel toe. 

I took masters hand and pulled him out on the dance floor and started dancing all out putting on a show. As a genie I am an expert in all forms of dance. 

I ignored the hungry looks on the surrounding males and pulled master in for a kiss and spoke in his ear, "Be right back master, going to fetch our playmates for tonight so keep dancing." 

As I backed up his eyes were wide and his mouth open, as this was the first clue I'd given him about what is in store tonight. I reached up and closed his mouth pushing up on his jaw and winked at him, then turned around and started dancing with the two girls who I knew would be good for master and I.

I know how to communicate with my body, I danced around both of them invitingly, promising and seducing them with my eyes and body language. 

Their responding hungry looks got me wet, so I led them back to master, inviting them to join me with my eyes, and they did. 

We all danced around master, brushing against him we all made promises to him with our bodies. When the song ended I asked if they would join us at our table for a drink. Master grabbed a waitress and we ordered some drinks. 

I smiled and introduced us and the Latina answered in a sultry voice, "I'm Carmen, this is my friend Trish." 

She looked at me and said, "Thanks for the dance Sara, salsa is sexy but you took it to a new level." Trish nodded in agreement. I could see they were both checking out Mike and I, showing approval in their eyes. 

We finished our drinks and went out for another dance on the floor where the four of us stroked and grinded our bodies together, switching up who was dancing with who, I could tell they were ready for just about anything at that point. 

When the song ended we got a couple of more drinks and flirted with each other and I suggested, "Would you two like to head down the street, we have a good room booked."

Carmen purred out in a sexy voice, "Love to."

Trisha smiled and nodded in agreement and escorted us out to the car. We headed over to the hotel resort and up to the room. The living room had some fancy but comfortable furniture. 

Beyond that on a raised floor was an elegant glass dining room table in front of a wall of glass, which looked out onto the ocean. 

Master seemed to be enjoying himself, he was a bit surprised I took the lead, but he was definitely not complaining and at that point I lost any reservations I had about taking control of the night. 

I actually think he was turned on by me hunting down pussy for him, which in turn got me even hotter.

We sat down on the couch and love seat, I sat with Trish and Carmen sat with master. I had ordered ahead so there was a couple of bottles of chilled chardonnay and a bowl of strawberries. I picked one up and fed it to Trisha, my thumb and finger holding it by the green. 

Trisha sucked it and the tips of my fingers into her mouth biting down on the strawberry then licking and sucking my fingertips. I let out a soft gasp at the feel of her tongue. 

I looked over at master and saw Carmen doing the same to master, her luscious full lips sucking on his fingers. 

I loosened Trisha's hair so it fell down her back and used it to pull her into a kiss, licking and sucking on her tongue to taste the strawberries. I knew she was into light kink and wouldn't think anything of it so I whispered silkily in her ear, "Go feed my master." 

She gasped lightly and got up and sat opposite Carmen so my master was surrounded.

Trish fed master a strawberry, then Carmen and Trish leaned across and started making out a couple of inches in front of his face while both caressing his inner thighs, it was so erotic my hand, of its own accord moved down and pulled up my dress. 

I ran it along my folds once and tapped my clit causing a small explosion, as I convulsed watching these two sexy women kissing over my master.

Trish and Carmen started stripping each other and my master of one piece of clothing at a time. When my master's cock was let loose Trish gasped and Carmen grinned at it panting lustily. 

Carmen slid off the couch between master's knees and swallowed him between those full lips causing him to gasp and lay his head back. 

Trisha also slid off the couch and pulled masters legs so he was on the edge and then started licking and softly suckling on his balls. 

They swapped back and forth, taking his long pole deep in their throats, moaning in pleasure as if they were thankful for the opportunity to worship his cock. 

I went to my knees and crawled up behind Trish and Carmen and started playing with their pussies, finding them soaked I wasted no more time inserting and curling some of my fingers, palm down, into their sensitive spot as I flicked their clit every once in a while with my thumb. 

I gasped out, "Suck master's cock, lick his balls." My mouth was watering to taste them both so I took turns rimming first Carmen then Trish, then back to Carmen, all while finger fucking between their tight wet folds, and abusing their clits with my thumbs. 

I had complete control of their bodies, holding them both on the cusp, holding them back, using my tongue in their puckered hole. 

Master was moaning loud now, as he was sucked off by these two hot sluts, silencing one then the other by gagging them with his cock, and muffling them with his balls.

When I saw master was about to cum I brought both Trish and Carmen over, after they had been held on peak by me for so long it was easy, they both convulsed with strong orgasms. Unable to control their muscles they got cum all over their faces neck and tits. 

Trish and Carmen after recovering started licking masters cum off each other's bodies while moaning in contentment.

I climbed on the couch and used my tongue to lick masters still rock hard cock and stomach, cleaning up what had missed the ladies. 

Trish and Carmen, looking at me with lust from the intense orgasm I caused reciprocated as I cleaned, stroked, and sucked master's cock to get him ready for round two.

Carmen slid underneath me and pulled my dripping slit down on her face and tongue. She reached up with her hands to savagely squeeze and twist my nipples. 

I moaned in pleasure and pain around master's cock causing it to jump in my mouth. Trisha spanked my ass cheeks once then pulled them apart and dove in, licking me from the top of my ass crack down until she started circling my puckered hole. 

With all this going on master was already up for round 2 and I was so close to orgasm from pleasuring these two women and watching them pleasure master that I exploded and soaked Carmen's face and mouth. 

Trish and Carmen extended my orgasm by licking my velvety folds and tongue fucking my ass that I actually broke into a second one, momentarily losing muscle control I collapsed into master's lap.

We took it to the bedroom and did each other all night. Everyone got fucked by everyone and we all 69'd. Although able to recharge master whenever he wanted, I sensed he wanted to watch and build anticipation. 

So the three of us played Sapphic games while he watched and recharged, which of course didn't take long being in perfect shape. 

It was a wild night, and although we never saw Trish and Carmen again, I had attained my goal of making master much more comfortable allowing me to share him for his pleasure. 

We would go hunting pussy for master a couple of times a month. Some of those nights led to close friends and multiple nights.

Yes, I am sure you want to ask me, can't he just wish for a threesome with whomever he desires? Yes, of course, and he does, a lot. 

There is however a larger thrill when you hunt those partners with free will, real people that can in effect say no. Yes, I lower the risk of that to negligible since I can scan and choose appropriate people. 

Still, it is more satisfying than fantasy at times. Plus, master really gets off on me hunting pussy for him, which of course is why I enjoy it so much as well.