 (All persons engaged in sexual activity in this story are over 18 years old. Any similarities between this story and real people are purely coincidental)

Please read Pt. 1-3 first to get caught up.

*****

Karen walked over to the Wilsons' house, thinking about her day. She had woken up a bit hungover and very horny, having listened to Amber and Tom fuck the night before, hearing the sounds of Tom drilling Amber's cunt, the slap slap of flesh on flesh, the moans of orgasms cresting. She had played with herself for awhile thinking about it, and getting wet at the thought of what lay ahead -- sex with Amber at the pool, she had hoped, provided that Tom would give them some time alone and Amber was still into it. 

Her first encounter with another girl was incredible. Amber had told her to "eat my cunt." And she had, sliding her tongue inside it while her lip massaged her clit; Amber was rubbing her oiled breasts while she ate her, breathing heavily until she had an explosive orgasm, her tongue ramming Amber's tight hole while she came in her mouth. And then she had straddled Amber, who slid her tongue into her soaking wet pussy and then onto her asshole, which made her writhe on top of her. She had cum in Amber's mouth, sliding her cunt up and down Amber's face while rubbing her nipples. Jesus that was hot, Karen thought, lost in her reverie of having sex with Amber for the first time after days of anticipation from sunbathing at the pool together.

Karen realized that she was just a few steps away from the Wilson house and shifted gears to babysitter mode. She rang the bell, wondering what Mrs. Wilson would be wearing that night. Perhaps a pair of slim white pants and a blue top, with a few buttons not quite fastened, offering a glimpse of her small round breasts. Or maybe a short skirt and a blouse, the skirt just short enough so that someone could, if they tried, see between her upper thighs and note the color of her panties, if she was wearing any. Jesus, stop it, Karen thought, her own panties beginning to get wet at her images of Mrs. Wilson. 

Mrs. Wilson opened the door and greeted Karen with a big smile. When Karen walked in the house Mrs. Wilson embraced her, pulling her towards her, her big breasts mashing against Mrs. Wilson's perky tits, encased in a beige tight-fitting dress.

"Hello Karen, how are you," Mrs. Wilson said. 

"I'm great, Mrs. Wilson, how are you. You look amazing. I love that dress!" Karen said, eyeing Mrs. Wilson's slim body tucked into a hot dress that covered her body down to her upper thighs.

"Thanks, Karen, I'm so pleased you think so," Mrs. Wilson said with another big smile.

At that moment, Mrs. Wilson's two kids, Jamie and Jenna, ages 2 and 4, came bounding into the room, calling her name. They jumped up on Karen, who hugged them.

"They have been so excited that you were coming over tonight. They don't like the other babysitter," she whispered.

"I'm happy to be here, Mrs. Wilson," Karen replied with her own big smile. "I really enjoy being with your kids. Where's Mr. Wilson?" Karen asked.

Mrs. Wilson hesitated a moment before saying in a flat voice, "He's away for a few days, so it's just me and the kids for awhile." She sighed and looked away, before turning her attention to Karen, eyeing her cut-off shorts and pink halter top. 

"Wow, you look so comfortable in those shorts and that cute top. The outfit just says, 'summer,' doesn't it?"

"Thanks, Mrs. Wilson. I knew it was going to be hot today and would be outside with Jamie and Jenna. But, yeah, I've been wearing this all summer," Karen answered, looking right at Mrs. Wilson. 

"Well, you look great, Karen," she said, transfixed by Karen's tits and her hard nipples poking through the thin cotton fabric.

Mrs. Wilson looked away and told Karen she should be home by 930 or so.

"I hope you have a great time tonight, Mrs. Wilson," Karen said.

"I hope so, just going out with some girlfriends for drinks," Mrs. Wilson explained, not looking too thrilled as she said it. 

She gave the kids a hug, said goodbye to Karen, and left the house. Karen was alone with the kids, and with her thoughts of how hot, and lonely, Mrs. Wilson looked. And how fucking horny she was at that moment.

***

As soon as Karen left for Mrs. Wilson's house Karen told Tom she was going to jump in the shower, to get off all the tanning lotion. Afterwards they could smoke a joint and hang out together. Tom kissed her hard on the lips, squeezed her ass, and said he couldn't wait. Tom had showered after working out at the club, so he hung out in the family room, waiting for Amber. He rolled a joint and opened a beer, looking forward to being alone with Amber again. She had given him an amazing blowjob just an hour earlier, but it wouldn't take long to get hard again once her hot body was in front of him. No doubt she would be feeling very frisky after sucking his cock and swallowing his cum. He noticed that she had been rubbing her pussy while she sucked him, so she would be ready for his fingers and his tongue, especially after a few hits of his new pot. He would go down on her when she was out of the shower, all fresh and clean and edible. And then he would take her upstairs and fuck her. They had only fucked in one position so far, him on top last night. Tonight he would take her from behind, he thought, or let her be on top and ride him. Either way he'd get to hold her sweet ass while he pumped his cock inside her tight wet hole. He felt his cock stiffen at the thought of her cunt squeezing his cock as he thrust inside her.

Amber came downstairs wearing a cute pink pajama set, the bottoms hugging her hips and her ass, the top tight against her breasts. Jesus, he thought, she was so sexy. She sat on the couch next to Tom, who handed her a beer. He lit a joint and passed it to Amber after taking a hit, blowing the smoke out the open window at the back of the couch. They talked for awhile, about Tom's impending freshman year, the challenges of adjusting to new social scenes, the academic work compared to high school. Tom shared that he, and Karen, had come to this town not knowing anyone, that they didn't have any friends here. So he didn't think it would be much different at college. Amber told Tom about her ex-boyfriend and why she had broken up with him, telling him that women like a guy who goes down on them and reciprocates, like Tom does. 

The pot began to make both of them very relaxed. Tom moved closer to Amber and began stroking her soft thighs and then kissed her, sliding his tongue into her mouth to find hers. His right hand moved up to her chest and began rubbing her breasts through the thin material of her shirt, pinching her nipples as they began to harden.

"You have such a sexy body, Amber," Tom said. "You really turn me on."

"I can tell, Tom," Amber replied with a smile, putting her hand on the pole that was poking through his shorts. 

Tom parted Amber's thighs and started to rub her pussy through her cotton shorts. He lifted Amber's top above her head, exposing her beautiful tits. He took each nipple in his mouth and gently sucked on them, still rubbing her cunt through her shorts, now very wet. He could feel the outline of her outer lips through the fabric and slid a finger between them to her clit. Amber closed her eyes and relaxed, knowing what was coming, Tom reciprocating oral sex. He was going to eat her like she had eaten him in the kitchen, the memory of his cock spurting a big load of cum in her mouth and on her tits making her even wetter. Tom yanked off Amber's shorts, revealing Amber's soft, moist lips, which were slightly parted. He got on his knees and pulled Amber closer to the edge of the couch, giving him clear access to her moist clean-shaven cunt. Her clit was now visible, slightly enlarged, poking under its hood, only a small patch of pubic hair visible above her clit.

"Yummy," he said, before licking his way up her silky thighs to her soft inner lips, dipping between them to gently slide the tip of his tongue teasingly into her tight pussy.

"Mmmm, that feels good, Tom," Amber said, taking his head in her hands and pulling him closer to her, his tongue sliding all the way inside her as a result. "That's it, fuck my cunt with your tongue." She moaned as he began pushing inside her, his tongue penetrating her with long hard thrusts. Amber pinched her nipples while he ate her, admiring the view of his head buried between her thighs, enjoying the feeling of his tongue probing her cunt. She closed her eyes and gave in to the joy of being eaten. She bucked once when she felt Tom's tongue slide out of her slippery hole and ravish her clit.

"Yeah, that's it. On my clit," she said, breathing hard. "Slide a finger into my cunt, Tom. Fuck me with your fingers while you suck on my clit." 

Amber's thighs closed around Tom's head, pinning his tongue against her clit. He put two fingers inside her pussy and began to slide them in and out of her tight slit as he gently sucked on her clit. Her breathing increased, her thighs tightened their grip on his head, her back arched, and then she came, her orgasm causing her to cry out, "Fuck, I'm cumming, fuck don't stop." Tom kept the pressure on her clit, his fingers still buried inside her, her muscles clenching them as her orgasm peaked. 

"Fuck, Tom, that was amazing," she said, her eyes still closed, her thighs still pressing against his head.

She released her grip on him and he got on the couch next to her, kissing her hard on the mouth. She sucked on his tongue, coated with her juices, tasting her orgasm. 

"Honestly, that was an amazing orgasm. Thank you, Tom," she said, looking in his eyes. "I love it when you eat me."

"Anytime you want, Amber, just ask," Tom smartly replied.

Amber looked down at Tom's shorts and saw his cock straining against the fabric. 

"It looks like you enjoyed doing that. Maybe we should do something about that big bulge in your pants. Let's go upstairs. How about we leave the door open a crack. When Karen comes home, she can find us in bed. Would you want her to join us, Tom?"

"Yeah, I think that would be hot," he replied. After watching Amber and Karen at the pool he had fantasized about the three of them having sex. And Karen had been affectionate with him lately, hugging him in the kitchen that morning, her gaze lingering on his body at the pool. So yeah, he wanted that.

"That would be hot," Amber said, thinking about sex with Karen at the pool that afternoon. They took a few more hits on the joint and finished their beers. Then Amber took him by the hand and led him upstairs to her bedroom. Karen would be coming home soon.

***

Karen put the kids to bed around 8:00 after running around the yard with them and feeding them ice cream. They were exhausted and didn't put up a fuss. Karen was sweaty from being outside so she decided to take a shower in Mrs. Wilson's bathroom, thinking that she wouldn't mind. She took a quick rinse and then started to get dressed in Mrs. Wilson's bedroom, putting her panties and bra back on. She surprised herself by going through Mrs. Wilson's drawers, curious what kind of panties and lingerie she wore. She found the drawer with her underwear, mostly basic pink and white pairs, but no thongs. But underneath her panties Karen found two dildos --a big flesh-colored one and a long thin one. Jesus, Karen thought, she could put one in her pussy and the other in her ass at the same time. She wondered how good that would feel, tempted to try it herself. But she smoothed the panties over the two plastic cocks and closed the drawer. 

Tired, she lay on Mrs. Wilson's bed for a minute, wearing just her panties and bra. She imagined Mrs. Wilson waking up one morning, feeling frisky, reaching for her aching mound, sliding a finger between her lips, nudging her clit, pinching her hard nipples. As she rubbed her clit, she would reach for her favorite dildo, the thick cock, and ease its big head between the lips of her wet slit and inch by inch into her hungry cunt. Karen thought of how Mrs. Wilson would pump the big dildo into her tight hole, thrusting it deep inside her as she rubbed her engorged clit, finally exploding with her hand across her mouth to stifle her moans so the kids wouldn't hear her. Karen began rubbing her throbbing pussy through her soaked panties, lost in these thoughts. She stopped, not wanting one of the kids to come in, or Mrs. Wilson to come home early and find her masturbating in her bedroom. Jesus, that would be embarrassing, Karen thought. Or exciting. Probably both, she thought, getting her tight shorts and top back on her agitated body. She went downstairs to chill on the couch, turned on by her fantasy of Mrs. Wilson ramming a huge dildo into her sopping wet cunt until she came. 

Mrs. Wilson came home earlier than expected, finding Karen sitting on the couch. She entered the living room looking animated.

"Hi Mrs. Wilson, how was your night?" Karen asked.

"It was fun, thanks, just a few drinks with some friends," Mrs. Wilson replied. 

Indeed, she'd had a few drinks, Karen thought. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I took a quick shower in your room," Karen told Mrs. Wilson. "I got really sweaty running around with the kids and I didn't want to stain your couch." 

"Of course, that's fine," she said, again staring at Karen's tits, which were poking through her thin halter top.

"Great, I didn't think you'd mind."

"No, I don't mind at all," Mrs. Wilson said, smiling. She pictured Karen in her shower, soaping her big breasts, running her hands down her legs and over her ass. She wouldn't mind doing that to Karen, she thought, suddenly very turned on by Karen's presence three feet away. 

"Well, thank you Karen. I'm so glad you could watch the kids. Maybe you can come again tomorrow night? I have another engagement."

"Sure, that'd be great," Karen said, happy to be able to see Mrs. Wilson again so soon. "My best friend from college, Amber, is in town, and she has to leave soon. Would you mind if she came with me? She's great with kids."

"No, of course not, that'd be fine," Mrs. Wilson replied, wondering if Amber was as hot as Karen was. 

"Thanks again for tonight," Mrs. Wilson said. She approached Karen and wrapped her arms around her, smelling the shampoo and soap, and something else, a faint scent. Her small but firm tits mashed against Karen's, their nipples rubbing against each other's through their clothes. Mrs. Wilson stifled an urge to kiss Karen on the lips, instead giving her a peck on her cheek. Karen returned the kiss on Mrs. Wilson's cheek, smelling perfume on her neck and alcohol on her breath.

"Just text me when you want me to come," Karen said with a smile, deciding to leave out 'over.'

Mrs. Wilson put a hand on Karen's shoulder, achingly close to her left breast, and said she would.

***

After Karen left the house, Mrs. Wilson went upstairs to her bedroom and took off her dress, leaving on her pink lace panties. Karen was so lovely, so sexy, she thought as she slipped between the sheets. She smelled the same shampoo and soap scent as when she had hugged Karen downstairs. Karen had lain on her bed after showering, she realized. The thought made her aroused, her pussy already throbbing from her contact with Karen, the feel of her breasts against her own, the softness of her cheek when she kissed her good night, the sight of her in those cute shorts and top, which barely contained her tits. She imagined Karen coming to her bed after showering, dropping her towel and getting in between the sheets with her. They would kiss, like she had wanted to kiss Karen tonight, and then she would lick her way down Karen's hot body, starting with her full breasts and hard nipples, stroking her cunt with her finger while she ran her tongue over her tits. Then she would descend to between her silky thighs, kissing her lips lightly until her tongue entered her slit and slid into her wet hole. She would flick her tongue on Karen's hard clit and then slide it back into her juicy tunnel. She was so turned on by that thought that she went to her dresser and took out a thick flesh-colored cock with a big head. She had started using her new thin anal dildo a lot recently, but tonight she wanted one in her cunt. Dropping her panties to the floor before getting back in bed, she easily slid the big cock into her wet pussy, inch by inch until it was all the way inside her. She began to fuck herself with the big plastic cock while rubbing her excited clit, resuming her fantasy of licking Karen's cunt. Mrs. Wilson closed her eyes and imagined Karen gently holding her head, thrusting to meet her fingers pumping inside her, moaning as her tongue began caressing her clit, cumming in her mouth as her thighs wrapped around her head. "Fuckkkk," Mrs. Wilson moaned as her own orgasm hit her, her spasming cunt squeezing the thick dildo as she came. "Fuckkkk," she repeated.

***

Karen left Mrs. Wilson's house and headed for home, aroused by her parting hug with Mrs. Wilson. She had drawn Karen close to her lithe body, pressing her breasts against hers. She thought Mrs. Wilson was going to kiss her right on the lips but instead she kissed her cheek, which still excited her for some reason. As she approached her house she wondered what she would find inside. Amber and Tom in the bedroom, fucking each other? Hanging out at the pool, having fucked earlier and now pretending that nothing had happened? What if they were upstairs in bed, with the door open? She would have to pass by Amber's room on the way to her room. Would she walk in on them? Or sneak past the door and listen like she had last night, masturbating again to the sounds of their hot fucking? All she knew was that she was very horny. She had played with herself in Mrs. Wilson's bed after showering. Her pussy had ached then and again after Mrs. Wilson hugged her and kissed her goodbye. 

Karen entered her house quietly and headed to the pool. No one was there, but she saw half a joint in the ashtray in the family room. She took a few hits and had a shot of tequila in the kitchen. Then she crept up the stairs, listening for noises. She stood at the top step, hearing low moans coming from Amber's room, the door open a crack. She tiptoed to the edge of the door and looked in. 

Amber was lying on her stomach between Tom's legs, her tongue licking the head of his penis, her right hand stroking his thick shaft. Amber's left hand was underneath her, rubbing her clit while her tongue roamed over Tom's cock. Karen stared at Amber's splayed legs and her finger sliding between her juicy lips. She wanted to go to her, slather her tongue over Amber's ass, lick her asshole and then her cunt. She began rubbing her own cunt through her panties, already slick with her juices.

Tom opened his eyes to see Amber's mouth envelop the head of his cock and begin to consume him inch by inch. He looked up to see Karen peeking around the side of the door. He whispered to Amber that Karen was watching them, as they had hoped she would.

Amber turned over and looked up at Karen in the doorway. "Come here girlfriend, join us. We've been waiting for you." 

Karen hesitated before walking into the room. But she did, and then stripped off her clothes. Tom stared at his stepsister's hot body, her beautiful tits swaying as she approached the bed. He had watched her from the window but this was different. She was just a few feet away from him now, a few feet away from touching her, from tasting her, and maybe fucking her.

"Come here and eat my cunt," Amber said, with a smile, spreading her legs wide and exposing her moist pink slit.

"God, yes, I want to," Karen moaned, completely turned on, and feeling good from the pot. She crawled between Amber's legs and began to lick Amber's cunt as she had earlier that day at the pool. Her tongue slid into her slippery chute, tasting her wetness with long strokes that ended at her clit. She roamed below to tongue her asshole, teasing it with short strokes before moving back between her lips and then to her clit.
