 One Friday night, my roommate Becky and I were in our dorm room getting ready to go to a party down the street. It was just after finals, so we were ready to just have a good time with no tests or homework hanging over our heads. I had felt incredibly horny all day, and decided that I really wanted to get fucked tonight. I'm about 5'6", natural blonde hair and green eyes, pale skin, 32D-24-33. I'm not over-confident, but I think I look pretty good, and tonight was certainly no exception. Becky was looking nice, too, at 5'7", jet black hair and dark eyes, 34C-25-34.

We went to the party at our friend Dave's house. There were a lot of people there, but noone that really caught my eye. I drank, I danced, I worked the room, but there were simply no guys that really sparked my interest. Frustrated and half-drunk, I ended up stumbling back to the dorm at 2am, deciding I would take care of this myself. I got back into the room and managed to pull my clothes off except for my thong and throw on an oversized t-shirt. I leaned over to my computer which was at the foot of my bed, and opened up a file I had downloaded, a movie called Pickup Lines. It started off, after the cheesy porn credits, with a blonde that looked a little like me on her knees, servicing a man with a thick 8-inch cock. I settled back in bed and watching the busty girl bob her head up and down on his cock, her tounge slobbering all over his shaft. She was sucking him so wetly that her saliva was dripping down her chin as the man gripped her by the hair, driving his tool in and out of her mouth. I started to rub my tits through the shirt, teasing my hardening nipples. My tits have always been really sensitive, and before long I was shimmying out of my skimpy thong, my shaved pussy soaking wet and radiating heat. I rubbed my clit with one hand and drove two fingers on my other hand in and out of my pussy until I had a big orgasm, soaking both of my hands in my juices. I had cum like I wanted to, but I still wasn't satisfied. I felt the effects of the alcohol quickly return, turned off my computer and slipped under the covers to go to sleep.

Sometimes I can't sleep when I'm mostly drunk, so I lay in bed with my eyes closed trying to sleep. A few minutes later, I heard giggling and footsteps approaching the door. A key rattled, and Becky came in with this guy Zach that she has hooked up with a few times. From what she tells me, he's an incredible fuck. I didn't want to make it awkward, so I pretended to be passed out, even though I could see what they were doing. 

Zach turned to Becky and whispered "Nicole is here! Should we go to my place?" 

She shook her head, and whispered back "She's a really sound sleeper when she's drunk." 

It's true, I am, but this time I wasn't that drunk, I could see and hear the whole thing. I'm not sure why, but I pretended to breath loudly like I was asleep, so they would think I was. Zach sat on the bed, and Becky slipped on top of him, straddling his lap. She was wearing a short skirt, and as they began to make out, I could see his hands slipping under the back and grabbing her ass. She responded by rolling her hips, grinding against his crotch, and kissing him harder, moaning quietly. I couldn't beleive what I was seeing, it was so hot. Even if I had got up and walked around at that point, I don't think they would have noticed me, they were too engrossed in each other. 

I saw her hands reach down and pull his shirt over his head. I almost gasped out loud, Zach had an amazing body. He was about 6'2", a slim build, but muscular. Every muscle on his torso was well-defined, without looking like some body builder. Becky seemed to agree as she ran her hands over his shoulders and back. They were moaning and giggling, and I saw him pull her shirt over her head, revealing her lacy tight pushup bra, not that she needed it with her firm 34C tits. With expert ease, Zach unclipped her bra, letting it fall to the floor. 

Becky leaned back and smiled at him, rubbing her tits, "You like my big tits, baby?" 

Zach responded by groaning and burying his face in her chest, kissing all over her firm breasts, flicking her nipples with his long tounge. Becky moaned louder, obviously forgetting completely about me. Watching these two go at it was getting me uncontrolably horny, my pussy was soaking wet again. I slowly slid my hand down between my legs, rubbing my hardened wet clit as I watched the two hot lovers. Zach lay down on Becky's bed, and she began kissing her way down his strong chest. From this angle, I could see the bulge in his jeans, and my eyes went wide. He must have a really big cock under there, I thought, the bulge looks like it's halfway to his knees! 

As Becky began to work at the button to his pants, she began talking in her dirtiest pornstar voice, "Mmm, that huge cock of yours is certainly excited, huh baby? I can feel it bulging. I can't wait to taste it, feel your big cock in my mouth." 

Zach was so turned on he couldn't speak, staring at Becky's face as she slid his pants and boxers down his legs.

My eyes widened and I think I moaned out loud when I saw Zach's cock. It was the biggest thing I had ever seen in real life, standing proud at what must have been 10" long and 6" around. When Becky leaned forward and started licking the shaft from base to tip, I slipped a second finger into my dripping pussy, grinding my aching cunt against my hand. Becky gripped Zach's massive tool with both hands, like a baseball bat, stroking it up and down, and I couldn't believe my eyes when it seems to grow even hard and thicker. I didn't think she was going to be able to fit that massive tip in her mouth, but she opened her lips, stuck out her tounge, and started sucking. The noise of Becky slurping on this giant cock, Zach moaning 'yeah, Becky, suck my cock, you like how it tastes?' and hearing her moan in response made me hornier, and I didn't notice the blanket starting to slip off my body. Before long, even though I didn't notice, if either of the two had looked in my direction, they could have seen me with my fingers fucking my dripping cunt, watching Becky suck Zach's huge penis.

Suddenly, I looked down at Becky with her mouth stuffed full of cockmeat, and saw she was looking right at me! I felt embarassed for a second, but thought it was too late now, I might as well enjoy myself, and kept going, staring into Becky's eyes, fingering my horny pussy as I watched her suck that beautiful pole. I couldn't believe it when she motioned for me to come over, smiling as best she could around the shaft extending from her lips, her pierced tounge bathing the cock in saliva, as I slipped out of bed and crawled towards them. Zach looked down and smiled as I approached, kneeling on the floor next to the bed, my face next to Becky's the smell of Zach's manly cock driving me wild. Becky popped her mouth off the cock, stroking it with one hand, and reaching down to pull my hand up to the thick shaft. It was hard as stone, the veins pulsing boiling sex, the most arousing and amazing cock I had ever laid eyes on. 

Becky aimed the thick tip right at my lips, "Taste his cock, Nicole, it's so good." 

I saw a thick drop of precum begin to leak from the hole, and I slurped his fat head right into my mouth. Becky pulled my shirt over my head, my big tits bouncing out, and I felt her hands on my body. I sucked Zach's giant cock up and down, our eyes meeting as I slobbered all over his tool, feeling Becky rub my excited body, feeling my firm tits and tight stomach, her hands sneaking down between my legs.

Before I knew it, I had 8 inches of Zach's cock pounding my mouth and throat, and Becky was underneath me, licking my pussy like an expert. I was moaning and screaming like crazy as Becky's expert tounge made me cum, and I heard Zach moan that he was going to cum, too. After I was done gripping Becky's head with my thighs, she hopped up so her soaked face was next to mine. We jerked Zach's cock with both hands, and french kissed deeply, our tounges battling, I could taste my pussy on her mouth. 

While we were kissing, Zach yelled out "Here it comes...... AHHHHH" and his cock throbbed twice in our hands before anything came out. 

The first blast was bigger than most guys cum in an entire orgasm. The thick shot of cum landed right across our faces, her forehead down to my cheek. Zach gripped the sheets tightly in his hands as his huge cock hosed us down, blast after blast of boiling cream covering our faces, dripping from our chins down onto our tits. I began to cum again, without even being touched, just from the feeling of being covered in cum, and feeling it shoot from the most amazing cock I had ever seen.

When Zach had unloaded what felt like a gallon of cum all over us, we began licking it up off each others' faces, tasting and swallowing any little bits we could. Then we took turns sucking Zach's fat head, milking the last few drops from his cock. Our tounges met again and again on the shaft and knob of this massive tool that we couldn't even get our fingers around. As his thick cock began to soften, Becky and I found ourselves kissing deeply, arms wrapped around each other. I had never been with a girl before, but I found it to be incredible. I decided I might as well take this first-time thing as far as I could, because who knew when I would get a chance to do this again. I slowly pushed Becky onto her back, and began kissing down her neck, she giggled when I tickled her, but relaxed with a big smile on her face. I kissed down her soft skin, and around her firm tits. She was so horny her nipples were hard little buttons that rubbed against my skin as I moved lower. I cupped her soft breasts in my hands, rubbing her nips with my thumbs, kissing lower to flick one with my tounge. This made her squirm and squeal in delight, and I could still taste Zach's cum on her skin. After a few seconds of sucking on one nipple, then the other, I kissed my way down her tight stomach, playing briefly with the piercing in her tanned belly button. 

She spread her legs as I moved lower, and I began padding her pussy lips with my wet tounge, causing her to moan and bite her lower lip. I turned my head slightly and pushed my tounge between her folds, her juice immediately covering my tounge as I began to lick her, savoring my first taste of a woman's pussy. It tasted wonderful, and I started lapping at her cunt, trying to taste as much as I could. I felt her clit growing hard against my tounge, so I teased it, focusing on it with my tounge, feeling her body buck on my face, moaning louder and breathing hard. 

I looked up to see her reaching for Zach's cock, now fully hard again as he watched me eat Becky's tasty pussy. "Wow, Nicole, that looks so hot, " he said, "Do you like the taste of pussy? Do you like eating Becky's cunt while I watch you?" 

I smiled at him and nodded, still concentrating on what I was doing. Zach moved closer to Becky, standing up on the bed, his huge heavy cock waving in the air. Becky said "I want to suck this amazing cock some more," and with that she pulled Zach to her and started sucking his cock enthusiastically while pressing my head harder against her pussy.

Zach threw back his head in pleasure, his hips thrusting inch after inch of his monster in and out of Becky's expert mouth. She stroked his thick dripping shaft with one hand, the other hand pushing my face harder into her pussy. I pushed my tounge in and out, rubbing her clit, and licking in wide strokes all the way down to her tight asshole and back up to her clit. Finally Becky couldn't concentrate on the giant cock between her lips, as both hands gripped my hair as she fucked my tounge, moaning on the cock in her mouth. Zach pulled his thick tool from her and stepped off the bed, kneeling behind me. I felt the fat knob rubbing up and down my soaking pussy, and felt him begin to enter me. In one smooth, long stroke, he pushed 8 of his inches inside me, as I screamed in pleasure against Becky's gushing cunt. I reached up and began to finger her as Zach started slamming in and out of my pussy, driving a little bit more of his massive cock inside my aching pussy with each thrust. 

I made lustful animal noises, all were muffled as I ate and fingered Becky's sweet pussy, and she bucked and grinded against me, throwing herself all over the bed, screaming "OH GODDDDD MY PUSSY IS ON FIRE.... MMMMMMMM NICOLE... YESSSS EAT MEEE!!!" 

Zach grunted and moaned, fucking me so hard from behind, his big heavy balls slapping against my soaking pussy, getting my juices all over his big nuts. I heard his manly, animal grunts, and felt his strong hands gripping my ass, spreading my cheeks and ramming his huge cock deep inside me.

Suddenly I heard Zach yell "FUCKKKKKKKK...." and he pulled his lengthy rod out of me, pressed the base of his cock between my ass cheeks, and I felt his shaft begin to throb. He jerked the top half of his shaft and out of the corner of my eye, I saw a dollop of cum splash against Becky's stomach in front of my face, and felt a long rope of hot sperm land across my naked back. Then I started feeling his cock throb wildly, after each pulse, a new wad of cum would land in my hair, on my shoulders, or across my back. As the torrent of cum slowed, I felt it dripping down over my asshole and abused pussy, absolutely covering my body. I've never felt so sexy in my entire life. I looked up and noticed Becky, wrought from the orgasm she had just had, scooping the cum from her stomach and began to feed it to me. I smiled at her, and licked the cum from her fingers, swallowing it with pleasure. 

That was the most fun I had ever had with sex, and I knew Becky and I were going to be sharing a few more nights of pleasure in the future...