 At last I have the courage to write about my sexual experiences. All the stories are true. Only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

STORY 7

A few weeks after my sex contact with Mark and the resultant re-canting of this to Ann. A opportunity to invite Mark over came. It was Ann’s 40th birthday and we organised a party. Most of the guests were going to be family with a few friends. The date was fix for Saturday next at Ann’s place. I rung Mark up to invite him to Ann’s do. We had some small talk. I said, half jokingly ‘Have you told your girl friend of our session?’. 

Mark laughingly said “No – I daren’t. She would not understand that we all have needs to fulfil. By the way I did enjoy the session with you, but I was a bit scared at first”.

“Good - so did I” I retorted. 

He asked if Ann knows. I said ‘no, its best if we keep this our secret. I thought it best if he does not know that I told Ann and she was very excited about it. 

“I wouldn’t like her to know – just yet” Mark said.

That’s OK, we will keep our sex activity as our secrete. I explained about the party and that he was invited. He pointed out that he will be seeing his girl friend that night and will be going 10 pin bowling. He did add that he will try to attend after with his girl friend, but it might be late. I said that’s OK by us, just get when you can. I also invited him to stay over if its inconvenient to drive back home so late.

I told Ann of my phone call to Mark. She thinks he might not attend the party, if he’s going to bring a friend with him. I pointed out that I thought that Mark wanted to keep my sex session with him secret because he likes you and doesn’t want to be rejected by you. I also pointed out that he would likely attend the party because he wants to see and be near you. This made Ann feel good. I added that if he comes on his own then there’s a chance of a threesome.

“I have a new fan club member, - don’t get jealous you.” Ann commented. We laughed.

  We talked about our unusual relationship. We affirmed that if we see someone we fancy, then one tells the other, if agreed then we can take it from there. This form of openness is intriguing and shows that we have a strong bond between ourselves, and a bloody odd attitude to sex. 

The night of the party came. The first guests arrived at 8-30. They were two of Ann’s old school friends. One of them was rather nice. I whispered to Ann that fact, she giggled. Then six more arrived, they were a mixture of mine and Ann’s family. Ann and I split up to act as co-hosts to the guests. The wine flowed and ‘nibbles’ were eaten. We had some back-ground music to put people in the mood.

On the few times Ann and I were together in the kitchen, we would exchange comments on our guests. ‘The man friend that came with my brother is nice – he has a lovely round bum’ Ann said. ‘Yes – I noticed the round bum also, and your brother looks well- made to, but I don’t think we should go there with that one’ We laughed. Some of the older guests started to leave with it being 11sh. I whispered to Ann ‘ Mark’s not here yet – I hope he gets here’. ‘He might be fucking his girl friend at this very moment’ said Ann. We laughed.

I came out of the kitchen to see the last of the guests through the door. As I turned round I saw Mark. He was at the drinks table poring a glass of wine.

“Hi there Mark – glad you could make it – on your own?” said I.

“Yes- I dropped her off at her place, I gave a headache excuse, adding that I was going straight home.” He said. 

I thought women were the only one’s to make that kind of excuse. I added with a laugh. Ann came over and gave Mark a big hug and welcomed him to the very late party. We sat down with some small talk. Ann seemed to ask a lot of questions about his girl friend. He said ‘ she’s OK but a bit straight laced, if you know what I mean’.

“Have you had sex with her yet” Ann said to Mark.

“O yes, but she’s not daring enough for me” He said, looking straight at me with a faint smile.

I excused myself to go to the bathroom. I was having wee when Ann walked in saying ‘he’s nice’. I zipped up and Ann sat down for a wee also, I asked her what she would like to do.

“I want you and Mark in me at the same time before he goes home” She blurted out. OK I said, I’ll try and arrange it then.

I came down into the living room and sat next to Mark saying ‘she likes you, are you fit?’ I said. Yes- was his reply. Ann came into the room, I stood up and gave her a hug. We wrapped our arms around each other and kissed. We stood there, she put her arms around my neck, I held her waist, we rubbed our bodies together. I began kissing her neck hoping Mark would take the hint. He didn’t need the hint. I slid my hands towards her hips and suddenly meet another pair of hands!. I opened my eyes and there was Mark standing behind Ann, pushing his body up against her bum.

“Oooo – yes, I’m being attacked from both ends” . “Lets get un-dressed” she gasped.

We all stripped off there and then, clothes coming off and dropping to the floor like confetti. I concentrated on watching Mark. With his top and shoes off he un-did his belt, released the buckle, slid out the belt end leaving it hanging there. For some reason that I don’t know this action is a big turn on for me. I was the last to become naked. They were again standing up. Mark was behind her kissing her neck. Her arms wrapped behind and gripping his arse. He had folded his arms around her front over her lower tummy. Mark started to kiss her neck. I thought – ‘ Ooo this is going to be a very horny session’. I stood up and pressed myself onto Ann’s front, pressing against Mark’s hands with my body. I wrapped my arms around both of them and started to kiss the other side of Ann’s neck. 

Mark and I seemed to work in unison. We bit and licked her ears, she moved her arms from Mark’s back and wrapped them around me, Mark pulled his arms from between us and also wrapped them around me, enclosing both of us. I took a chance and put my arms onto his shoulders with my hands on his neck, Mark turned his head and kissed my hand, this sent a thrill through my body. Ann was now getting very excited, she saying things like ‘Yesss – I can feel your hardness’s – the warmth from you both is overwhelming – Christ I do need this’

I noticed that while Mark was kissing her neck, Ann turned her head to the left as far as it could go. Mark’s tongue reaching out to meet Ann’s, they touched!!. I moved in with my head and touched theirs with mine. So the three of us were touching tongues and grunting away at this delight.

Ann broke the hot embrace saying ‘let me look at you both’. We stood side by side like naughty school boys. While standing my hand inadvertently touched his, this gave me a ‘buzz’, a feel of intimacy I needed from him. She held our two hard dicks. 

Ann now took the initiative and ordered Mark to lay on the floor on his back, I stood there awaiting instructions. She went over to the settee and got a cushion, returning to put it under Mark’s head. Mark lay there with his arms by his side and his legs a little open. I looked at Mark’s body with pleasure, it is a hunk of a thing. His cock was quivering with anticipation and running pre-cum, his balls nice and tight to his groin, his foreskin forced back by his hardness showing the tip end. Ann then turned and gave me a French kiss as if to say ‘thank you in anticipation’.

Ann stood a straggle over Mark’s body, facing his feet. She lowered down into a squatting position just above his cock. With her right hand she guided his cock into her entrance. Mark moved his hands and put them onto her arse cheeks, she remained still for about 30 seconds. Then she moved her legs to the kneeling position with her head down at Marks feet and lowered herself onto him, she completely swallowed him up in one slow movement. I was getting inpatient for some action. Just standing there holding my cock, not daring to work it in case I cum to soon.

Mark was making a soft grunting noise as Ann started to work up and down this cock of his. It was an horny site to see a cock as big as Mark’s disappearing and appearing from inside her. Ann looked over to me with a smile I’d come to recognise. I went over to Ann and knelt down between Mark’s feet facing Ann’s mouth. She smiled and I guided my dick into her mouth, she did like that. Mark moving her arse up and down with his hands and I pushing my cock in and out of her mouth, using her ears as leverage, it was heaven for all three of us.

I withdrew from her mouth, crouched down and kissed her lips while holding Mark’s ankles. We tongued each other. I could tell Ann was being worked towards a climax by Mark. 

She whispered to me “Be quick – the jell – I want the two of you.” 

I knew exactly what she meant from what she said to me earlier. Two cocks inside me at the same time is what she said. I went over to the dinning table draw and got the KY jelly tube. I knelt down on one knee at the side of them. I could see Mark was sliding his cock in and out of her with his thumbs pressing on her anus. I looked at Mark with a smile, he returned with a bigger smile. I un-did the screw cap of the tube and placed it onto the carpet next to Marks torso. I held my dick at its base with my left hand. With my right hand I began to squeeze out the jell onto my cock head. Suddenly Mark’s right hand moved over to my direction with his middle finger raised in the air. I looked at him, he gave a quite grin, I thought – ‘ what does this mean’ – ‘yes I know what he wants , he wants to stick that finger up me’ I also got the strong impression he didn’t want Ann to know. 

I swivelled my body a little towards Mark to give him access, and I then squeezed the jell onto his finger, rubbed it up and down, working plenty on. This was very erotic, I put some more on and looked at him, he nodded approval. As I worked the jell onto my cock he found my hole and slid that finger all the way in, up to the knuckle it went. He started to wiggle his finger from side to side inside me. I put my left hand on his head and the thumb of the other one onto Ann’s anus. Mark moved the thumb of his left hand on to the top of my thumb and pressed them into her hole.

This was getting too much for me, with Ann groaning away and Mark looking at my face, I was getting ready to cum big time. I took one more look at Mark then stood up, with Mark’s finger sliding out of my anus, I then straddled over Mark’s torso facing Ann’s bum. I slowly lowed down gripping Ann’s waist with both hands. Ann, in anticipation, gave a loud ‘yessss- yess’ noise. I looked down and positioned myself in readiness to screw her arse.

I asked Mark to ‘put it in for me’. He obliged, I saw his hand grab my dick and direct it to her anus. Oooo the warmth as my cock head sank into this heaven, I move my hands from her waist and grabbed her shoulders to enable me leverage., and started slowly screwing her. She was shouting words I could not understand. She was really enjoying being impaled by two cocks. Mark and I got into a rhythm. As he went in I was coming out. Back and too, in and out we went. Mark helped by holding my arse cheeks. The feeling of another cock pressing onto mine through a thin wall of skin sent me crazy with delight.

Ann came first, with violence, her body shaking. I found out after that she bite Mark’s right foot during her climax and made it bleed. I lifted my body up a little so I could feel Mark’s dick as we went in and out of her. I was very turned on by knowing that Mark could see my anus plus my dick going in and out of her arse hole, it must have been a lovely site. I hoped that Mark liked the view. I have been told that I have a nice anus, not to big, nice and round with a little pucker.

10 seconds after Ann’s climax, I cum, I shook as I squirted my spunk deep into her arse. I stopped with my dick fully in, and I could tell Mark was coming by the way he gripped my arse cheeks. 

“Yesss – grunt – grunt” – “ I’m cumin – god yesss” he said.

I kept quiet, listening to Mark cumin. Then his grip on my arse relaxed. The three of us were completely spent, we stayed motionless for a few minutes trying to catch our breath. I slid my hands from Ann’s shoulders, back onto her thighs. I looked down to see our two dicks slowly shrink and slide out of Ann. 

I stood up and Mark slid out from under Ann and stood next to me. Ann had difficulty in getting up, she did manage it, we laughed together.

“You two have made me all gooey down there” she said laughingly.

“I’m nipping into the bathroom to clean up” she added.

I beckoned to Mark that we use the upstairs bathroom to clean up. As Mark had a pee with his hands on his thighs, I washed my dick in the sink. I said to him that was my first threesome, ‘and mine’ – was his response. My dick washed I turned to leave the room, then Mark put his hands onto my shoulders, looking into my face and said ‘I would like you to fuck my arse sometime, at your place, just us two’. I said – ‘ I’ll love to, I will ring you up soon to arrange it.

We walked down the stairs, Mark was behind me, caressing the side of my face. This gave me goose pimples on my neck. Ann had dressed and made coffee. Us men dressed then sat down to a pot of coffee. Ann asked Mark if that was good. Very good he said, and added ‘can we do it again’. We all said together ‘ of course’ Ann asked Mark if he’s staying the night, he agreed. Good she said. I said ‘can we carry on upstairs in the king size bed’. We all agreed and began walking up the stairs, I was in the middle and Ann in the lead. Mark was caressing my arse cheeks as we ascended to the king size bed.

TO BE CONTINUED