 At 6.30 am one morning last week my twin brother, Paul, asked me to do him a very strange favour. He told me that the film studio where he worked was desperate to find a stand-in for a guy who had rung in sick. I knew that Paul worked in a film studio making adult movies but I didn't know if he was a cameraman, a film editor or what exactly he did. I asked him what kind of work was involved. 

"I have to admit that I'm male talent in some of the movies we make." he replied.

"You mean you do porn?" I asked, shocked.

"Well yes" he admitted. "I never told you before because I didn't want mum and dad to find out.

"And, is that what you want me to do too?" I asked, my mind boggling at the idea.

"Well, yes," he said "I promise you'll have a great time and have some amazing sex. You'll have a ball. We grew up together. Do you remember when we brought those three girls back from a party when mum and dad were away and we had fantastic sex with them? I know you're a dirty bastard just like me! I know you're up to it, as your dick is virtually the same as mine. We used to wank together in our bedroom when mum and dad were out. C'mon, do me this favour, I promise you won't regret it. You'll be well paid for having great sex, and it sure beats sitting behind a desk all day."

My mind was racing. I was fascinated by the idea of acting in a porn movie and I sure needed some extra cash. My sex life had been a desert recently since my girlfriend split and I was ready for some hot action, so I agreed.

Paul was delighted. He told me to prepare for the shoot by doing some manscaping.

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"Oh, you don't need to shave it all off, just your cock and balls." he explained. "Just give your pubes a trim to tidy them up and you'll be fine. That way your dick looks bigger and the hair doesn't get in the way of the action for the cameraman."

"Oh, just one more question. Have you had an STD test recently?" he asked "We have to keep ourselves clean because the punters don't like to see condoms on their pornstars." 

"Yes," I replied, "As it happens I had one about a month ago. I picked up a girl in a bar after my girlfriend left me." She was a bit of a slut so I went for a test just to make sure she hadn't given me anything."

"Excellent!" Paul approved "Just bring the results sheet with you as we'll need to take a copy."

As soon as he'd hung up, I got to work. I rang in sick at work then jumped in the shower and got busy with my razor. I was pleased with the result. My dick and balls looked amazing and felt as smooth as silk. The shaving was a strangely erotic experience and my dick was semi-hard as I admired it in the mirror. I swear it looked significantly bigger and heavier without the undergrowth that usually surrounded it.

I arrived at the studio at 9 o' clock as Paul instructed. He met me at the door.

"Thanks so much for doing this for me Dave." he said. "You'll have a ball, much better than a day behind a desk!"

"I hope so." I replied, "I'm not sure what I'm letting myself in for."

Dave led me into the studio building and it seemed things were already underway. Dave told me he would give me a tour of the studios to start with "So I could see how things worked and to get me warmed up. "First though" he said, "Just swallow this little blue pill with this glass of water."

"Oh no! That's a non-starter." I said angrily, "I don't do drugs!"

"It's completely legal." he laughed, "It's only Viagra. It's just to help you keep it up. We all take it. It also de-sensitises your cock a bit, so you can perform longer."

"OK, if you're sure it's legal, I don't want to get into trouble with the law" I said.

He showed me the name on the packet and I swallowed the pill wondering what would happen next.

As we walked from studio to studio the scenes that unfolded blew my mind. In the first one, two naked, gorgeous girls were on a couch with a big, muscular guy. He had a huge penis which the girls seemed to be worshipping. One of them was licking his balls enthusiastically while the other ran her tongue up and down the shaft. He was just lying there enjoying the attention they were giving to his erect cock. Meanwhile the girls were showing off their beautiful arses to the cameraman who homed in with his camera to get more detail. The girls' pussy lips were clearly showing between their cheeks and I was mesmerised. 

Paul dragged me away from this enchanting scene and on to the next studio where another two beauties, one dark haired and one blonde were filming a lesbian scene. The blonde was lying on a couch with her legs spread wide apart while the other was using her tongue in long slow licks starting at the other girl's anus and moving slowly along the length of her pussy till she reached the clitoris. The blonde was moaning in appreciation but, when the tongue reached her clit, she bucked and groaned as if she was just about to cum. I was really enjoying this scene. Which red-blooded male wouldn't? I suddenly noticed that my cock was threatening to burst out of my pants. I squirmed in embarrassment as it must have been obvious to anyone who was looking. 

Paul laughed and said, "Oh, I see the Viagra's working already. That's good, you'll be needing a stiff hard cock before long. Don't you worry!"

He grabbed my arm to take me into the next studio where a naked, skinny guy was tied with ropes onto an X-shaped wooden cross. A woman dressed from head to foot in black, shiny, faux leather was brandishing a black whip. Her outfit was crotchless and revealed her neatly trimmed pussy at the front and her arse cheeks at the rear. She had large well-formed pert breasts which were displayed through a wide slash in the faux leather across her chest.

"You've been a very naughty boy!" she cried. "I'm going to have to punish you!"

"No, no! Please don't" he whimpered.

She whipped him hard across the thighs and warned him "Don't speak to me unless I give you permission. If you wish to say something say, 'Please Mistress, may I speak?"

"OK." bleated the man and immediately received another cut across the thighs.

"Now," said the woman in black, "Let's see if we can wake up that little cock of yours and make it just a bit more impressive?"

The man just groaned as she started to handle his soft cock. 

Paul and I moved on and he told me that I would be able to watch him performing before I started my own performance.

"You'll be on in about ten minutes." he told me. "You need to go into the changing room and strip off. You have two choices to get yourself ready for your scene. When you've stripped off you can go into the men's rest room and get yourself hard. There's lots of porn magazines in there to help you. Or, you can get the fluffer to help"

"What's the fluffer?" I asked.

"She's a girl whose job it is to help the male talent to get hard and stay hard for their scenes. I can highly recommend her. She's likely to give you the best blow job you've ever had in your life! By the way, if your cock starts to get soft during your scene, just ask the camera man to cut and you can take a few minutes time out with the fluffer to get hard again. Don't worry if it happens to you, it can happen to the best male talent at times. It's nothing to be ashamed of. "

Not being one to miss an opportunity for an expert blow job, I opted for the fluffer and Paul told her to be ready for me. I went into the change room and came out a few minutes later totally nude, and more than a little bit embarrassed. Nobody seemed to notice though, and I was met by a topless Jeannie, the fluffer, who said "Hi, Dave! I'm Jeannie, pleased to meet you." She gently took hold of my soft cock and started to massage it. 

"Oh my!" she exclaimed "very nice! I'll soon have him hard and ready to go." She knelt down and sucked my dick straight into her mouth and proceeded to work the shaft with one hand while she swirled her tongue round and round on the sensitive cock head and frenulum. Her expert attention, combined with the sight of her voluptuous breasts, soon had the desired effect and my cock sprang to attention.

Paul had started his performance with a stunning blonde whose breasts were straining the front of her light blue, skimpy silk blouse. The nipples were erect and clearly visible through the thin material. Paul pulled her onto his lap on the sofa and cupped her tits with his hands, stroking the nipples to keep them hard. The blonde was wearing a tiny black G-string which did very little to cover her camel-toe pussy and her beautiful backside. She rubbed her bottom up and down in his lap and the bulge in the front of his tight pants became even more noticeable. He transferred one of his hands from her breast down between her legs and started to rub her pussy through the virtually transparent material. She moaned with pleasure as he slipped his hand down the front of the tiny G-string and found her clit. As he slowly started to remove her skimpy clothing, the sight of her gorgeous body and the expert attention from Jeannie were making my cock nearly burst out of its skin. I was so turned on and horny. It was a long time since my cock had been so hard and erect. It felt so good. 

Now that the blonde was completely naked, Paul spread her legs for the benefit of the camera and continued to stroke her clit with his fingers until she was moaning loudly with pleasure. The camera man zoomed in to film her pussy close-up and I could see on the monitor that her clit was swollen and her pussy was gleaming and dripping wet.

Paul said, "Honey, since it's your birthday I've arranged a treat for you today. You've mentioned a few times that you would like to try a threesome with two guys. Well here's your chance!"

He waved to me to join them and, as I approached, the blonde grabbed my rampant cock and shoved it into her mouth. I was a bit taken aback by this but I soon entered into the spirit of things and started to enjoy the blow job. Seeing the blonde bending over to suck my cock, Paul soon had his cock balls-deep in her cunt and she responded by moaning loudly while continuing to suck my dick. Her luscious tits were hanging down and Paul reached his hands around while he was vigorously fucking her and stroked her nipples. He withdrew and laid her flat on her back on the couch. 

"Well, what do you think of him honey?" he asked "Is his dick big enough for you?"

"Oh yes!" she replied, "Let's swap over. I want him in my pussy!"

Obviously, I had no objection to this and I started by rubbing my cock head against her clit while Paul knelt on the couch with his knees on either side of her head. He stuffed his hard cock right down her throat and started throat fucking her. She gagged and coughed so he momentarily withdrew, but she grabbed his balls in one hand and his cock in the other and stuffed it back into her mouth and started sucking it vigorously and working the shaft in a twisting motion with her hand. Meanwhile, I was ramming her hard with my rock-solid cock and she was obviously enjoying it as she bucked her hips up and down with every thrust to intensify the penetration and pleasure. There were two camera men filming the scene and I was careful not to get in their way so they could catch every part of the action. I had seen scenes such as this many times in porn on the Internet but being there and part of the action was a thousand times better.

"How do you like it babe?" asked Paul "Do you like being fucked by two men?"

"I love it" she replied, "But we've only just got started!"

Paul laid down flat on his back on the couch and pulled her down to sit on his cock. She laid back as he plunged in and out of her while I knelt down between her legs and licked her clit. Remembering the lesbian scene from earlier I started low, just above where his cock was filling her vagina and ran my tongue slowly up between her chocolate-tipped pussy lips and onto the clit. She synchronised her movements with Paul's and her clit rubbed backwards and forwards across my tongue. She moaned loudly as she approached a climax and I reached up and squeezed her tits and rubbed the nipples which sent her quickly over the edge. 

When she had calmed down a little, Paul told me that she often fantasises about double penetration and invited me to squeeze my cock in next to his. I was little doubtful that this would work but she grabbed my cock and started to suck it enthusiastically to encourage me. Soon she had me raging hard again and I spat on her pussy to lubricate it and started to squeeze my cock head into her waiting hole. To my surprise, it slipped in fairly easily and I began to fuck her vigorously in time with Paul. It was the first time that I had felt another man's cock in a pussy at the same time as my own, but it was a good feeling and I was enjoying myself. I wasn't the only one - the blonde was obviously enjoying having her pussy filled by two hard cocks and she urged us on by shouting:

"Oh, that's so good! Fuck me, fuck me! Fuck that pussy!"

The camera men came in close to capture all the action as our two rock-hard cocks plunged in and out of her cunt. The producer called "CUT!" and we pulled out to have a rest. He came over and slapped me on the back and said:

"Well done Dave! That was excellent! I was sceptical when Paul said you could stand in at a moment's notice for the guy who rang in sick, but you've done really well. We'll take a break and resume in 30 minutes."

Paul was really pleased that I had done well and not let him down. "Thanks man!" he said "I'm sure you'll get more work here if you want it."

We took a coffee break and I had to visit the fluffer again as my cock had gone soft. Her expert blow job technique soon had me hard again ready for the next scene. Paul came back on the set with his cock hard too and we stood there chatting while we squeezed and wanked our cocks slowly to keep them hard while we waited for the blonde to re-appear. The producer explained that we could do what we liked and make it up as we went along, so long as we did a double penetration in her pussy and her ass then finish off with a money shot on her face and tits. Paul volunteered to do the anal as I had never tried it before. I wasn't sure about the money shot on camera, but I agreed to give it a try.

We started out with the blonde bending over to suck my cock while the cameraman moved right in to get a close-up view of her pussy from behind. I watched the monitor screen as she was blowing me and my cock became rock hard again as I saw the close-up of her puffy outer lips between her beautiful butt cheeks. Her chocolate-tipped inner lips were just showing as I reached down and began to finger her pussy as my cock was slurping in and out of her mouth. The whole experience was a huge turn on and I watched fascinated as Paul dribbled plenty of lube down her crack and onto her butt-hole and his cock before easing his cock in there. He took his time and didn't force it and she gave a little squeak of pleasure as his big mushroom head finally invaded her puckered hole. Eventually, he plunged his hard cock right in, balls-deep. She bucked and squirmed and continued to work my cock and I felt I was getting close to cumming. Seeing this, Paul pulled her back onto the couch and fucked her anus furiously from below while I watched for a few moments. To give my cock a rest I started to lick her pussy again and succeeded in making her cum hard. She bucked up and down on Paul's cock and I could see her vagina opening and contracting as the climax swept through her. Her clit and its shaft were hard and swollen under my lips and tongue and there was no mistaking that it was a genuine orgasm. I glanced over at the producer and he gave me the thumbs up sign. He was delighted.

Paul beckoned me to enter the blonde's vagina while he continued to fuck her in the arse. My prick slipped in easily, as she was very open by now and dripping wet. As I plunged in and out of her cunt, I could see her cream forming along my shaft and it ran down onto Paul's dick too and helped to lubricate both of us as we continued to fuck her furiously. Feeling another man's penis through the thin wall of her vagina was a strange experience for me, but it wasn't unpleasant and all three of us were enjoying it.

Suddenly, Paul shouted "Aaargh, I'm going to cum!" He lifted her off his cock and plonked her on the couch on her back. He knelt next to her, pointing his cock at her mouth and began to wank furiously. Remembering the producer's instructions, I knelt down to point my cock at her tits.

"It's now or never" I thought and began to wank my cock hard to go for a money shot. After all the sexual activity that my penis had had that morning, it wasn't too difficult. My cock was still rock-hard and I felt the familiar tingling in my balls as I approached my climax. I watched as Paul shot huge spurts of cum onto the blonde's face and hair. She opened her mouth to receive it and I could see it pooling on her tongue. I had seen this in porn videos many times, but being there and seeing another man's cock ejaculating onto a beautiful woman's face was so sexy. All of a sudden, I was cumming too. My spunk shot out onto her tits in great jets and I groaned with pleasure during the long and very pleasurable ejaculation. Having the camera recording every moment made it ultra-sexy for me. I guess I'm an exhibitionist! She scooped up as much of the jizz as she could and added it to Paul's semen in her mouth then swallowed the lot with a huge beam of pleasure on her face. She massaged the rest of it into her tits with great enthusiasm as if it was expensive skin cream.

"How did you like your first threesome, Honey?" asked Paul.

"It was awesome!" replied the blonde enthusiastically, "Can we do it all again on my birthday next year?"

The scene ended with a shot of the blonde licking the last traces of semen off her lips with an insane grin on her face.

When the cameras stopped rolling the director clapped us all on the back to congratulate us on the realism of the scene. "It was obvious you guys were enjoying yourselves." he joked. "You should be paying us, not the other way round!"

Paul and I went to a café round the corner and bought a sandwich for lunch.

"Well what do think bro'?" asked Paul.

"It was awesome! If I'd known you were having so much fun and getting so much sex, I'd have joined you years ago!"

"Oh it's not always great, sometimes it's really hard work. Getting hard and staying hard for hours on end can be a problem. Not everyone can do it"

"Well, it's better than sitting behind a desk all day dealing with fuckwits." I said.

"Well bro' I'm so glad you're enjoying it. Do you think you are up to filming another scene this afternoon?",

"You just watch me!" I said "What are we doing this afternoon?"

He laughed and said mysteriously "It's better if you don't know all the details of the scene - just the bare bones. It's more spontaneous that way and you don't get time to overthink it."

"OK let's do it!" I laughed. "I'm up for it!"

He just said "Good man!" and we made our way back to the studio.

Our scene wasn't due to start for another half an hour so Paul took me on a tour around the studios again. Some of the film sets were empty, others were in the process of being set up for another scene. We watched one scene in which a nerdy looking young man was being bullied and humiliated by a bunch of girls dressed as cheerleader teenagers. They were asking the embarrassed boy if he liked their bodies and would like to have sex with them. One girl pulled down the front of her low-cut T-shirt to reveal her full breasts and nipples while another pushed his face into her chest. The boy stuttered that her tits were very nice and thanked her for showing them. The girls hooted with laughter and another one bent over right in front of him and hitched up her short skirt to reveal her butt cheeks divided by a very small G-string which barely covered her pussy. She invited him to touch her pussy but he declined saying "No I couldn't possibly. That just wouldn't be proper!"
