 Finally the unpacking was over with. My mother had tried to control herself while we moved my stuff into my new dorm room but eventually she had broken down and cried. My father and I just smiled and tried to convince her that everything would be fine. After all I was only a few hours from home. Everything would be okay; there was nothing to cry about. Finally she composed herself and hugged me one last time.

"Just be careful honey. I want you to take care of yourself out here." She had said.

"Mom I'll be fine." I replied. "Just don't worry. I'll call okay?" 

"You'd better." She had given me another big hug and a kiss. "Have fun."

"Oh I bet he will." My father added, winking at me as he guided my mother towards the door. "Take care son. We're proud of you." He patted me on the shoulder and they left. I followed them out to the car and waved as they drove away.

I was lucky that I had gotten a single dorm room. I wasn't very good at making friends and I imagined that being confined with a roommate would have driven my to insanity. Being by myself would be great. That way I would have plenty of time to do my studies in peace and quiet.

I glanced down at my watch. It read 4:15. I decided to go for a walk through the campus, perhaps check out the library. I started off down the cement walkway towards the campus square. I was immediately amazed at how many sexy young girls I saw. It was late August and it was hot so most of them were wearing tight shorts and shirts that accentuated their full asses and ripe melons. 

I was a virgin; in fact I had never really had a girlfriend even though I was by no means ugly. I have an older brother who told me that college was the place to find girls. By the looks of it I was starting to believe him.

A Frisbee came flying out of nowhere and hit me in the side of the head. It landed at my feet and I bent over to pick it up. When I looked up again there was a beautiful blond girl standing in front of me. She was about 5' 7" with sparkling blue eyes and wearing shorts and a white tank top. She had the nicest pair of tits I had ever seen, and I could see them pretty well since her shirt was almost see through. The sun shown behind her and for a moment she looked like an angel.

"I'm so sorry." She said. "I didn't mean to hit you like that."

All I could manage was, "No problem." I handed her back the Frisbee and she smiled.

"My name is Mandy." She extended her hand and I shook it. It was so smooth and my cock immediately began to stiffen. I couldn't help but envision that milky white hand sliding up and down my dick.

I guess I must have stood there for a good ten seconds just holding her hand and not saying a word because she finally said, "What's your name?"

I snapped out of it and answered, "I'm Ben." I noticed that she was covered in a fine layer off sweat and it glistened in the sun. God how I wanted to fuck this girl.

"It's nice to meet you Ben. Maybe I'll see you around." Before I could reply she was gone. I watched her toss the Frisbee back and forth with some dude for a few minutes. The bulge in my pants was becoming almost painful. I needed release and I needed it now. 

Screw the library I thought to myself. I needed to jack off worse than I ever had in my life. If it was going to be like this every time I went outside I realized there was going to be a lot of jacking off this school year. I entered my dorm building and dashed quickly up the stairs to my room. No sooner was I at my door than I heard what at first I though was a girl singing. I soon realized however that it was a girl moaning. They don't wasted any time around here I thought. The sound of her steady moans made my penis pulsate in my pants.

The moans seemed to be coming from just a few doors down. I crept silently down the hall until I came to the door. I placed my ear up to it and listened. It was definitely the right room for the moans were very loud now. I placed my hand over my hard-on and started rubbing it. 

Now I heard a guy moaning and saying, "Yeah baby, yeah baby, take that dick. Take it!" Then there was the sound of a hand slapping skin followed by a girl screaming. For a moment I thought it was a scream of pain but she soon began to moan again in pleasure.

I couldn't possibly imagine how insane it must be in that room. The heavy panting, the moaning, oh god my imagination was running wild. I began rapping on the head of my penis over my jeans. Just then I heard a voice behind me.

"Ben, what are you doing here?" I jumped and turned around to see Mandy standing there. She smiled.

"Ummm… I was just…" I couldn't think of what to say. She didn't say anything; she just smiled at me. Her eyes wandered down to my bulging crotch. Behind me the moans were growing louder.

"So do you live on this floor?" Mandy asked as if she hadn't noticed the moans.

"Yeah. Right over there." I motioned down the hall to where my room was.

"Oh we're neighbors!" She said.

"Oh where is your room?" I asked.

"This is it." She answered nodding at the room where the moaning was coming from. I was stunned for a moment and just stood there. Finally she broke the awkward silence. "Well since we're neighbors we should get to know each other better." She opened the door to her room and led me in by the arm.

The first thing I noticed was how hot it was inside. The windows were closed and it was like a steam room. I finally saw the girl and guy who were the source of all the noise. They didn't even seem to notice as we entered. The girl was just as beautiful as Mandy. She had dark brown hair and a dark complexion. The guy was tall and muscular with short brown hair. He was fucking her doggy style in her ass and they were both drenched in sweat. 

"Hey Jen." Said Mandy. "Hey Mandy." Replied Jen between moans. "This is Ben." Mandy said, introducing us. "Hey." Said Mandy. "Hi," I replied. "Nice to meet you." The guy didn't say anything and I never did learn his name. I think that the girls probably didn't even know it. 

Mandy immediately stripped off her clothes. She had a perfect tan. Even her ass and boobs were tanned. She looked at me with a stern smile on her face. "Take off your clothes Ben. What are you waiting for?" Good question I thought. Years off repressed sexual frustration finally exploded in me. I ripped off my clothes and the fun began.

I grabbed Mandy and through her on her bed. I got on top of her, pinning her arms down with my knees. Then I stuck my dick into her mouth and began face fucking her. It didn't take long for me to blow my massive load down her throat and she swallowed it all like a good girl.

Across the room on the other bed Jen was riding the other guys cock like a rodeo star. Her ass bounced steadily up and down on his rod and sweat poured off of her. I noticed that Mandy and I were also covered in sweat.

As soon as the spasms in my penis relented I wasted no time in pulling it out of Mandy's mouth. Then I slithered my wet body down hers until my face was between her legs. I took a deep breath and went in for the kill. I sucked her juicy clit in between my lips and began eating her out. She screamed in ecstasy as I moved my tongue all over her clit. She placed both of her hands on the back of my head and held my head down to her pussy.

Before long I had another erection and lied down on my back. Mandy climbed on and I felt her pussy lips engulfing my dick as she sat down on it. She began moving up and down with increasing speed. 

"Oh shit!" She screamed. "Fucking fuckers!!!!" I responded by grabbing one of her tits in my mouth and a sucking on it. After a few seconds I tasted milk and began sucking harder. She grabbed her other boob in her left hand and squeezed it until milk sprayed all over me. 

The other guy was on top of Jen missionary style. He began moving his hips very fast and then pulled his cock out of her pussy. He sprayed his jizz all over Jen's face and then fell back exhausted. Jen, with jizz still covering her face, immediately rolled off of the bed and crossed the room. She climbed onto our bed and sat down on my face. Apparently she hadn't reached her orgasm at the same time as the guy because she quickly began moving her pussy over my mouth. 

Now it was the two of them on me. I tried to hold onto Mandy's ass as she bounced up and down on my cock but it was too slippery. Finally I just lied back, extended my tongue as deep inside Jen as I could, and just let them both ride me. I finally blew my load inside Mandy.

I retreated to the edge of the bed while I recuperated. I was amazed to see that Mandy and Jen still hadn't had enough. They pulled a large two-way dildo out of a bedside drawer and began sharing it, each girl shoving one end of it into her twat. They were insatiable. They screamed in pleasure as they began fucking each other with the dildo. Lying on their sides they began thrusting in unison. Their breasts slapped against their bodies and a fine mist of perspiration lifted into the air. Jen was moving so fast and hard, and her breasts were so big, that they actually began slapping against her face. I watched this and gently caressed my penis. I inhaled as much of the moisture in the air as I could. It was like breathing in pure fuck. 

Before long I had grown another erection and threw myself into the ring. I grabbed Jen by the hair and bent her over the edge of the bed. I spread her butt cheeks apart with my hands and slid my penis into her asshole. For the next half hour the girls took turns receiving my cock. At one point they shared turns sucking my dick and I finally blew the largest load of my young adult life all over their pretty little faces. They smiled and rubbed it around, mixing it with the sweat, and then licked it off of each other. All this time the other guy slept like a log on the other bed. God knows how long he and Jen had been fucking before I arrived. The sight of him sleeping made me realize how tired I was. I lied down on the bed and closed my eyes. Jen and Mandy curled up on either side of me and soon we were all asleep in a pool of our shared sweat and bodily fluids. 

The last thought that ran through my head before I passed out was of my mother and father telling me to have fun just a few hours ago. Well they needn't worry. I had a feeling that this year was going to be jam packed with good times.