 At last I have the courage to write about my sexual experiences. All the stories are true. Only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

STORY 7

We got into the bedroom. Ann had the soft lighting on and scented candles burning on the dressing table and bed side cabinets. The room seemed dark, but after a little while your eyes adjusted, we could see all that mattered. Ann soon got un-dressed and was laying in the middle of this king size bed looking up at us both, Mark started to remove his top. I walked up to him, the top fell to the floor. He was there striped to the waist showing this hunk of a body. I looked in to his eyes saying ‘let me do that'.

Ann looked on as I knelt down on one knee, my head facing his groin, slowly un-did his belt, I drew the buckle back and released it from its eye, the belt slipped out of the buckle and lay against his thigh. I held the belt end in my right hand just like you would a dick and let the end of it touch my lips. I began to suck it and slowly slid my left hand over his groin. I got the impression that Mark wanted me to go farther but felt uncomfortable with a woman watching. I did this for a minute, Mark put his finger over the back of my right ear, so as to direct me in sucking this belt end as if it was his cock.

"Come on you two – I'm waiting" Ann said. 

We completed the un-dressing and got on top of the bed. Mark on Ann's left and me on the right, both of us partly facing her. We lay there. Ann held our dicks, one in each hand. 

"Have you heard of the dog with two dicks – well I feel like the dog" said Ann.

We all laughed. Mark slid his right arm under her head and started to suck her nipple. I began with the other one. Ann groaned with pleasure. Mark and I caress her tummy. Fingers running down to her belly button and upper thighs, we started to bite her ears, me on one and Mark on the other. Licking about her neck, tonguing up her cheeks towards her mouth. I thought to myself:-‘ I would love Mark to kiss me full on the mouth'. We tongued to her mouth then Ann put her tongue out and we all touched together. We licked and flicked our tongues. Mark and I licked her lips. I had this over whelming feeling to take a chance and kiss Mark fully, but I resisted not wanting to upset this very horny session.

I slid my right hand down to Ann's pussy and played with her clit. She had her head back with delight, Mark looked at me and slid his left hand down her body and put it on top of mine. Together we pushed our middle fingers into her cunt. ;Ooo that's nice' she said holding our necks with her hands. Mark and I worked our fingers in and out making her pussy very wet and squelchy while working her nipples with our other hands. Ann looked down at this sight and immediately opened her legs wide so as we could get in farther. 

"Ooo – yes – this is lovely" she said, now back holding our dicks.

"I want you both standing up for me" she gasped.

Mark and I looked at each other and began standing up. Ann got into a knelling position and help us up. It is difficult for one to stand on a bed never mined two of us. To help with supporting ourselves I instinctively put my right arm around Mark's middle. We stood together facing Ann. Ann started to slowly wank our cocks, she looked up at us with that big smile as she licked the tip of our dicks in turn. It was a great feeling holding a man a would love to screw with my arm around his waist watching my partner licking our cocks. What a turn on.

Ann started to put our ends into her mouth, sucking and licking, running her tongue up and down the two shafts one after the other. I felt Mark's left hand on the small of my back, he slid it down and held it onto my arse, then his hand cupped my cheeks and put a finger onto my anus. I was starting to build up for a climax, Mark was grunting away. I put my left hand onto Ann's head to guide her onto our dicks. Mark then put his right hand onto my hand. We worked Ann's head together. Directing her to our balls, our cocks and her tongue to that part below our balls, Mark was getting really worked up, I thought – ‘ he'll soon be cumming' – I'll love to be very near as he shoots his muck'. I decided to take a chance and slid down onto my knees next to Ann. I settled into a position with my right hand on Mark's thigh facing Ann and that beautiful cock of Mark's was only inches away, I was un-certain of his reaction, would he just stop and end this session or worst still go ‘soft' on us.

I had no need to worry. Mark now put his left hand onto my head. ‘This must be an invite to me'- I thought to my self. Mark now opened his legs so I returned the favour and slid my hand over his cheeks placing my finger over his anus. Ann was licking his dick from tip to balls, really enjoying it. I felt Mark's hand pushing me nearer to his dick. I looked at Ann, she smiled and holding this dick turned it towards me. I could not resist anymore, my tongue came out and touched his tip. I could taste the pre-cum. Ann pulled his foreskin forward as to envelope my tongue tip with it. Mark's legs were starting to shake.

With Ann holding Mark's cock I put my mouth over the tip pushing the foreskin back as far as possible letting my tongue lash away at the underside, I could feel his cock pipe, it was hard, this was a loaded gun ready to fire a broadside – I said to myself. As I went down on him Ann's tongue followed just in front of my lips. Ann and I between us worked him hard. We would take turns, she would go down on him and I would chase her mouth with my tongue. We did this for a few minutes, then.-----

"Yes – Oooo – who having this load then" Mark grunted.

We stopped working him and I looked at Ann, she smiled then looked at this throbbing cock, then looked back at me. I knew what she wanted me to do. Ann let go of his dick so I could hold it at the base with my left hand. Mark turned a little to face me, my right hand moved to holding his left thigh. I started to go down on him, back and to, up and down went my mouth. I found I could take it all the way without gagging, ‘This was heaven' I said to my thoughts. Mark now had two hands on my head, working me up and down his cock, grunting like mad. 

Ann put her hand on the back of my neck, she whispered ‘ you've got less than a minute' – ‘you can withdraw and let him shoot onto the bed – if you like'. She held my neck tighter. She wants me to take his cum, I've never taken a mans essence before, but there's always a first time for everything. I am glad Ann don't mind, but I want to taste him. The thought of a man emptying is balls into me was a big turn on.   

I put both of my hands on each of his thighs and worked my mouth up and down him. Ann moved to his right hand side in a swatting position, rubbing her pussy against his leg. She reached out and cupped his balls with her right hand. Aaaa- Ooooo he said. His cock twitched, then my tongue became warm. It was his first spray of spunk. ‘What at load' I thought. The second hit my right inner cheek. His legs were quivering as the next load hit the back of my throat. His spunk was salty and thick, I drunk and sucked hard to get as much of this beautiful cum in my mouth that's possible. 

"Oooo- yes this is lovely--- " he said as his hands slid from my head and gripped my ears, pulling me in and out as his orgasm came to an end. I stopped with my mouth holding the tip. Ann worked the shaft to completely empty him. Slowly his dick slid out limp covered with our juices. I looked around to Ann, who had a big smile and was looking into my eyes. I moved to her and gave her a big French kiss. We flicked our tongues together, sucking up and drinking this wad of spunk.

As we finished our kissing, Mark squatted down and Frenched kissed Ann and put his arms around us both. I had this urge to join in the kissing, but I thought better of it. I contended myself with nibbling his ear. We disengaged ourselves and I rolled onto my back thinking to myself ‘We've done a good job on Mark – he'll be back for more'.

As I lay on my back Ann said to Mark "Was that nice".

"It was – I'm drained now. – Lets finish Joe off together" he said.

Ann and Mark lay down either side of me. Both with there heads on my tummy, playing with my balls. The two of them worked on me, there heads getting closer to my cock. I decided to open and lift my legs up to give them access to my throbbing cock. I held my legs in the air. Both re-positioned so as to see all I got. They were rubbing my balls and arse, playing with my cock. Ann slid her mouth onto me, working it up and down. Mark followed with his tongue . Up and down they both went. They flicked my nipples with a hand each and caressed my bum with the other. 

Suddenly Ann said ‘ lets see how far Joe can shoot his load'. She started to work her hand up and down my cock. I started to grown with pleasure. Mark was looking at my cock in anticipation . I told them I am near Cumming. Then I felt a finger slid into my arse. The finger worked in and out. ‘Who's the finger' I said to myself. I could feel the increased pleasure from this. I stared down at my cock. 

Ann said- "He's Cumming". 

She worked me faster with her hand, and who's that finger was also working faster.

"Yeees – I'm here now – Oooo" I said 

I shot high in the air with the first one. It landed part on my face and part on my chest. He second one roped across my left arm, with the third as a blob on my tummy. I was well spent. Ann slowed her strokes and I felt this finger slip out of my anus.

"That was a good ‘shot' " said Ann to Mark.

"It's the early hours, we had better get some sleep" Ann said.

We all I took it in turns in the bathroom. While Mark was in the shower I spoke to Ann asking ‘who had their finger up my arse', not me she said, and started to laugh a little. We got into bed, Ann was in the middle and I was on the right hand side of the bed. Mark came back and got into bed on Ann's left side. I pointed out that we have got a busy day and we should get some sleep. I dozed off straight away. I don't know how long I was asleep for, but I half-sensed some movement. This movement slowly awoke me. The bed was rocking slowly. I kept still, listening to where the source of this movement was coming from. I noticed a faint light coming from the window. It's the morning twilight, it must be about 6am.

I turned onto my side and sub-consciously caressed Ann's back. I worked my right hand down her back. I got as far as her thigh, then I felt Mark's arm. It was wrapped around Ann's waist. I fully woke up. Lifting my head off the pillow I could see them in an embrace. I thought ‘ Ooo there having it off - and without me'. I moved my hand down and around Ann's arse. Her right leg was partly lifted up, I cupped my hand over her anus. I kept still and I could feel Mark's hardness sliding in and out of her pussy. They were trying to be quite. I started to get hard, so I moved up closer, putting my right leg under Ann's to help with support. I removed my hand and wrapped it around Mark's torso at the same time pushed my hardness up against Mark's cock. Yes – this was heaven. They started to grunt. I could see in the morning twilight Mark kissing the right side of her neck, so I moved a little to meet his kisses on Ann's neck.

They both new I was awake and becoming active.

"Yes – this is nice. Please give me two bananas" she said.

Mark and I kissed, quietly, not wanting Ann to know. Mark drove his tongue into my mouth, we flicked around our teeth and ‘tongue sucked' each other. I moved to gain accesses to her anus. Mark straightened his legs to aid me. I didn't want to disturb the situation in getting some KY jell so I wet my hand with spit and rubbed it on her arse. I slid my right hand middle finger slowly into her anus. I held it there. I could feel Mark's cock working in and out of her pussy, and at times his balls would touch my hand. 

"Please – please give it to me" she choked.

Mark sensing that the body positions needed adjusting, he along with Ann rolled a little to give me better access to her lovely anus. 

"Hurry up Joe – I'll soon be cumming" Mark said.

I positioned my cock onto her hole with my right hand. I slid my hand over onto Mark's arse and started to push. My cock tip slid in without effort.

"Yes – O god – yes" Ann gasped.

I pushed again, my cock slipped in all the way. I held still feeling his dick through the thin skin in Ann. At times Mark's balls would touch mine. The situation was that Mark was near cumming, but Ann and I were a little behind him. I whispered to him to stop ‘ don't cum yet' I said. Our bodies were hot and sweaty. The light in the room was brighter now the sun had risen, I could see clearly our forms, a very horny site. I angled my body so my cock slid up her arse with maximum affect on Ann. I worked it in and out. Mark did the same. So Ann was getting a double fuck, Mark stroked in as I stroked out. We did this for a few minutes, then.

"Aaaaag – I'mmm cummmming" she said loudly.

She quivered and shuck as the climax passed through her like a volcano.

"Yes – I'm there now" Mark and I said in unison. 

We all bucked and shook as the climaxes ripped through all of us.

"Lovely – yes – lovely. That was a good fuck" said Ann.

We all agreed. We stopped and lay there holding on to each other. I noticed Mark's arm around my arse fingering my anus. Our cocks got smaller and slid out of Ann with a squelching sound. Ann said she cannot move, her legs had gone stiff. We laughed at her situation. Mark and I moved to kneel at the bottom of the bed and rolled Ann onto her back. She opened her legs and gave us a good view. Her pussy and anus was wet and glistening with our love juices. Mark and my cum was dripping out of both holes.

Mark excused himself to the bathroom, having to leave to go on a business journey. I lay there with Ann who had a very big smile. We kissed and hugged each other as a showing of our love.While Mark was in the shower Ann spoke about Mark kissing me. Its OK I said, but I don't think he's ready to admit to a woman about that, so don't say a thing.

Ann looked that me with them ‘eyes' she sometimes gives me and said." Would you like to fuck him"

"Yes" I said.

"How would you like to cum in him" she asked.

"Well – er – I would like to get him on his back, lay on him face to face with his legs up in the air and be kissing him as I cum in his arse." I said.

"Oooo that's horny" she said.

She went on to say that its OK by her providing I came straight back and told her the whole story while in bed. I agreed saying I will organise a session with him, but he must not know that you know. She agreed.

Mark was washed and dressed and having to say goodbye and requesting another ‘get together' soon he said looking straight into my eyes.