 I found myself once again reading the "Casual Encounters" section on Craigslist. You know how it goes, I'd been married for 25+ years and while the sex is okay, it is kind of the same most of the time. Some kissing, some touching and rubbing then I go down on her or we 69 until she cums then I climb on in missionary or do her from behind, fun but still kind of in a rut and all pretty vanilla. So I get a little titillation by reading the ads in Craigslist. I particularly like the MW4M ads as I think it would be really hot to play with a couple. I even responded to a few over the last year and while I got a response or two nothing came of it.

Then one day I see the perfect ad: Submissive Young couple seeks older man. The ad went on to say that they we a young couple who were ready to explore their submissive side and that they were interested in doing so with an older married man since they felt it would be easier to accept an older guy as the dominate and a married guy would be less likely to be clingy and would be just as interested in discretion as they were. The ad said they could host and would like to get together Friday evening, Perfect for me since my wife works Friday nights.

We exchange a couple of emails and pictures and I arrange to meet them at their house for a drink on Friday night and kind of see if the chemistry is there. Cindy is a knock out, she's 28, 5'7" about 125lbs with long dark hair and green eyes, probably about a 34B with a nice flat stomach and tight round ass. Tim is 30 and is 5'9" and about 160lbs with a runner's build, brown hair and clean shaven. I'm 5'11" and 185lbs with an athletic build since I workout everyday before work and I'm 52 with a full head of brown hair and clean-shaven too.

Well, we had a couple of drinks and seemed to be getting along pretty so after about an hour I decided to test the waters and see if they were ready, I told them both to get undressed. They kind of nervously looked at each other and I just told them not to look at each other but to do as they were told. They both started slowly getting undressed and wow, Cindy looked even better naked and while I've never been into guys I had decided that I would experiment a little there and Tim was a decent looking guy with a nice cut cock about the same size as my 6" cut and trimmed cock.

This was their first time trying anything like this just like it was my first time and neither Tim nor I had ever done anything with a guy before but I figured I would jump in and test the waters on their submissiveness so I got undressed and sat back on the couch and told them to both lick and suck my cock and balls. Once again they looked at each other but I simply said now, in a stern voice and they got down in front of me and tentatively started licking my cock as I reached down and played with Cindy's nice tits.

I couldn't wait to taste Cindy's neatly trimmed little pussy so I had her sit on the couch with her butt at the front edge and told Tim to feed her his cock while I savored her pussy. I loved her sweet musky taste and how wet she was as she moaned her approval as I licked her and flicked my tongue over her clit and I could hear her giving Tim a nice sloppy blow job and could glance up and see her mouth riding up and down Tim's cock and her slobber all over it.

My cock was hard and aching to enter her so I had Tim lay on the floor and Cindy get on all fours and suck him while I positioned myself behind her and rubbed my cock up and down her slit then pressed into her in one quick motioned and just enjoyed the feel of her wet slippery pussy on my cock. Then I started sliding in and out of her and enjoying each thrust. I decided to mix it up and had them get into a 69 position with her on top then slid back into her pussy from behind while Tim was licking her clit. This was driving her crazy and she was moaning and just kept say "oh yes, oh yes, fuck me". She exploded into a massive orgasm and as her pussy gripped my cock it pushed me over the edge and I erupted into her pussy with one gush after another as I kept thrusting in and out of her.

I had Cindy sit up while still on Tim's mouth so he could eat the fresh cream pie out of her and told him to clean her up real good while I stood in front of her and had her lick and suck my cock clean of both our cum.

We decided to take it to the bedroom for round two and started out with Tim and I on either side of Cindy, each with a nipple in our mouths as I fingered her. Cindy then slid down and started sucking me while Tim got behind her and slid into her pussy. Her mouth felt awesome on my cock but I wanted to try one more thing I had never done, double penetration. So I laid on my back and Cindy got above me and slid that wonderful pussy down on my cock until she bottomed out the she had Tim stand in front of her while she got his cock nice an wet with her mouth then she leaned forward on me and had him take her anal cherry as he slowly slid into her little pink whole. She was tensing a little and taking quick shallow breaths but relaxed a little once he was all the way in and we just kind of stayed like that for a minute while she adjusted then he started thrusting in and out of her ass while she rocked on my cock. It was an incredible feeling being inside her and feeling his cock sliding in and out of her with my cock in her too. She was the first to cum followed closely by Tim then myself. As we untangled and laid on the bed I told time to lick my cock until it was nice and clean then to lick Cindy until she was nice and clean too. It was an awesome first time with a couple. I look forward to the next time.