 We had got to know Sue and her husband David at the Midlands swingers club we often used, so I was pleased to get email from her. I was even more delighted with the content as she told me about their latest swinging fun. In her mail she told me that the club had a special evening planned for Friday, a "greedy girls night." Sue had already told us that she was a greedy girl and her stories about being taken by large numbers of men had really turned me on. In fact the thought of meeting with several men for an evening of sex and being fucked had become a real fantasy. My husband Gary and I had been swinging for years and we had indulged in many of our fantasies, in fact he had shared me with other men on many occasions but not on the scale Sue had told me about. 

When Gary got home from work I took him to the study to read Sue's mail and rubbed his cock through his trousers as he read it, "Like the thought of that?"

"You're a wonderful wife, but a right slut." He replied.

"In all the time we have been married you have enjoyed watching me with other men." I snapped back.

"Oh, don't worry I love sluts! Shall we go on Friday then?" Gary said laughing and grabbing me as he spoke.

That night when Gary and I had sex, my mind was full of visions of group sex, with several well-hung men taking turns between my thighs using me. Gary talked dirty to me as we fucked hard and long, telling me how he wanted to see me in a gangbang and as Gary pumped my pussy full of cum, my back arched as I came too, swinging had improved our sex life so much.

So on Friday Gary and I went to the club, paid our money and headed for the changing rooms. I held onto Gary's hand as we walked through to the rear of the club, both of us noticing the unusually high ratio of men to women, there were lots of single guys wanting to play!

"Let's get undressed and have a chill in the Jacuzzi and then some fun later, ok?" Gary suggested.

"Sounds good to me, lots of single men in tonight I think!" I said smiling.

We undressed in the changing room and put on the white fluffy towels provided and I gripped Gary's wrist as we went to the bar to get a drink. It was nice to see two familiar faces in the bar and we began chatting with Sue and her partner David. After a while some other men moved closer and joined in with our conversation, I quickly realised they knew already that Sue was up for some greedy girl fun. After I'd had a couple of strong vodkas I was feeling in the mood.

"Come on Jacuzzi time," Gary said grabbing my hand. I smiled at Sue leaving her with four guys all looking rightly quite hopeful of some fun with her.

We went into the Jacuzzi area, stripped our towels off and got in the hot foaming water. The Jacuzzi is huge and already there were six people in it, all men, and as the only female I got a lot of attentive looks as we got in. I just sat back and relaxed, my eyes closed enjoying the heat and bubbles.

After a couple of minutes a leg bumped gently into mine as a man moved close to my left, his hand gently rested on my thigh. I knew this was a common first step for a single guy hoping to have some fun.

"I'm enjoying being touched up,"I whispered to Gary. 

Gary leant down and kissed me passionately and began feeling my breasts, taking my breath away. I parted my legs a little and could feel the stranger's hand creeping up my thigh towards my pussy.

"Do you mind?" A deep voice to me left asked, "You are a very lady."

"Mm! I'm enjoying it," I whispered back. I glanced to my left and saw an older guy in his 50's looking excitedly at me as his hand found my pussy. I turned to him as he inserted a finger and we kissed passionately while he finger-fucked me.

"Having fun?" Gary asked from my other side.

I felt something warm touch the side of my face and saw another man's hard cock next to my face. He was a young man, early to mid twenties and good-looking, standing over masturbating his cock inches from my face. I lifted my right hand to his cock and squeezed and stroked it, while I also got my hands on the cock to my left. 

"Do you like that?" Gary asked checking I was ok.

"I'm fine." I whispered.

"Suck it," the young man said as he wrapped his hand in my red hair. I ran my tongue all around his cock and then let it slide into my mouth. As it went between my lips I felt it twitching and knew this young man was about to come.

"Oh yeah, oh fuck, that's good." He murmured as a stream of cum flew into my mouth. I pulled him out of my mouth and he continued cumming on my face and finally wiped his cock on my cheek.

As he pulled away I realised all the other guys in the Jacuzzi were standing around me, cocks in hand hoping and suddenly I felt uncomfortable.

"I'm sorry to break this up, but I need to freshen up," I said.

"OK, let's go," my husband said holding my hand and leading me out. I glanced back at the disappointed faces but the night was young.

"You had a good time Jayne, one young lad left very happy." Gary said.

"Good I did enjoy but I fancy some cock later, I'm glad you're ok with me being your slut." I said.

Gary left me in the showers and went to the bar while I soaked under the hot water jets for ages before drying off. I undressed and looked at myself naked in the mirror, still a size 10 with very white pale complexion due to having red hair. I kept my pussy hairy but trimmed knowing my ginger pubes were quite a feature and even though I was now 45 I knew I would turn heads tonight.

I dressed, put on a black mesh dress, over a black thong, applied perfume and makeup much heavier than normal, before putting on black hold up stockings and my highest spiky stiletto shoes. In my clutch bag I had condoms and lubricant, I'm sure I would need both. I walked back from the showers to the bar and just loved the comments from the single guys hanging around in the dark, narrow passageways as I squeezed through dressed like a slut. 

"Hi gorgeous."

"All nice and ready for me," I heard another man say as I walked by.

Several hands reached down and my bum and tits were groped as I slowly made my way back to the bar.

"Good girl. You look just perfect!" Gary said passing me a drink. "Jayne, meet my new friend Andy."

"Pleased to meet you," I replied as both Andy and Gary laughed.

"I don't suppose you recognise Andy, you were too busy sucking cock in the Jacuzzi to notice him."

I just smiled to myself but felt a little ashamed at sucking off a stranger whose name I didn't know while lots of men watched. Looking around the bar I saw that the ratio of men to women was about five to one, ideal to fulfil my fantasy. I felt my husbands hand stroke my stomach then go lower sliding up and down my wet pussy until he found my erect clit making me shiver. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of my husband's fingers in my pussy. 

"You look fabulous babe," a dark haired guy standing behind me said. Vaguely I recognised him from seeing him at the club and also the black man with him. 

"Thank you," I said realising I was centre of attention again.

"Hi. I'm Phil and this is my friend Dave," he said. 

I gulped down my Vodka, immediately another appeared in my hand as they moved in closer and started really flirting with me. I've always been a lightweight with drink, only weighing about 9 stone so after a couple of strong Vodkas my sense and inhibitions were impaired. All the men were very charming and as we chatted intimately and I felt hands wander over my bum, they realised I was easy meat tonight and got bolder as the sexual tension grew.

I glanced over to Gary, who smiled and said, "Enjoy yourself honey."

"So what do you want tonight Jayne?" Phil asked.

"Do you want to have some fun with all of us maybe? "Andy asked as his hands wandered over my bum.

"I fancy a fuck now." I answered Dave now fondling my boobs.

Phil began to feel me up and slipped his hand under my dress to rub my pussy.

I still felt nervous as Phil pulled me close and we kissed, hot open mouth kisses, our tongues searching our mouths. I grabbed his thigh and slid my hand up to his crotch and immediately felt that he was a big boy.

As we parted lips Gary looked at me again and smiled. "Having fun?"

I knew he was checking to make sure that I was ok, so I leaned over to him.

"I'm fine, I'm up for this babe."

"C'mon then, let's find a room for this lady," Gary said as he gulped his drink down. I followed him as he took my hand and led me away from the bar back into the club with the three other guys following. We tried a few doors to various rooms but they were locked and it was when we reached the third floor we at last found an empty room and I was pulled in.

"This looks perfect,"I slurred, my head was spinning with nervousness and the effects of the Vodka. All four men had now dropped their towels and as I looked and saw four hard cocks, I realised they were all going to fuck me. 

"You fancy some cock tonight then Jayne? See anything you like?" Gary said as I felt his firm hand squeeze my bum affectionately. I felt very self-conscious as they all looked at me and just for a moment I stood and hesitated, I just felt such a slut being in this situation. I admired Andy and Phil's fit and muscled bodies and Dave's wiry black physique. 

"Ok guys, Jayne is game but condoms if you fuck. Give her a second to take her dress off, I don't want you lot cumming all over it."

Gary looked me straight in the eyes to see if I was still ok. I smiled and nodded so he knew I wanted to do it and then very self consciously, I pulled off my mesh dress and thong leaving me standing in hold up black stockings and high heels. All four stood around me and moved closer, I kissed a mouth that met mine and felt hands on my breasts. My body was being stroked, and I felt hard cocks pressing against me.

"I love you," Gary whispered as he applied pressure to my shoulder pushing me to the floor. I knelt and looked at the four hard and expectant cocks circling me and felt a complete slut.

"Mm! A ginger haired slut in black stockings, come suck on this!" Dave said as he massaged his hard cock in his hand against my face.

I rubbed his black cock against my face, then slipped it between my lips and took him in my mouth, his cock throbbing and hard. To my right Phil lifted my hand to his cock while Andy put my left hand on his. I squeezed and stroked both of them while Dave gently fucked my mouth. After about five minutes in this position I felt my arms being pulled. 

"C'mon babe, on the bed," one of them said as they manhandled me onto my back on the huge bed.

Andy went straight between my legs and his hands began to work up my thighs as I lay back enjoying his touch. He felt my silky stockings and then the skin of my inner thighs, and then his fingers touched my pussy, pulling it gently apart and began licking my clit, while Phil produced a condom from under his wristband and put it on, obviously hoping to be first.

I groaned softly and pushed against him as his tongue began to explore me. His hands reached around and grasped my thighs, as I spread wider, pushing myself onto his tongue. I pulled my knees up over Andy's shoulders as he moaned between my legs and licked my pussy. I wrapped my legs around him as he continued to suck at my swollen clit.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" I moaned. It was all too much for me as I shuddered and clutched at the mattress, my body spasmed as I came moaning softly.

Andy got out from under my legs and I lay there, pussy throbbing, legs apart, feeling vaguely out of it but wanting some cock. I stayed quiet as Phil climbed between my legs and he guided his cock to my very wet pussy and pushed it gently in. 

"It's time to fuck and I'm first to fuck you," Phil whispered.

I just moved my hips as my pussy adjusted to his size and he slid into me until he was all the way in me. He pulled my legs up over his shoulders and hammered into me, I had never been fucked with such energy and intensity and I felt tiny as his very big broad body completely dominated my small frame. My breathing came in short, desperate gasps as he thrust deep and fast with me lying passive under him. This wasn't gentle lovemaking, he was fucking me hard and fast and I wanted it that way. 

"Oh yes, fuck just like that," my body shook and tensed. I didn't intend to cum again yet but it was too much for me to hold off the way Phil pounded into me. I was in a daze but I felt his thick cock throbbing inside of me as he came with me, I was completely unable to move as he forced his cock deeper.

I just stayed stuck under him with my legs over my shoulders until he eventually got off, sweat pouring off us both. I was as limp as a rag doll and as Phil climbed off I was manhandled by lots of hands onto all fours. 

"No turning back now Jayne," someone said as I spread my black stockinged legs wide and prepared for the next one. My pussy was starting to ache but I groaned with pleasure as Dave knelt behind me and rubbed his black cock against my pussy and slid gently into me. Andy's long thin cock eased into my mouth and I sucked him.

"Your husband is getting a good view of his wife being fucked." Dave said.

I opened my eyes to see Gary stroking his cock as he watched. I felt so turned on knowing my husband was watching as I was used like a slut. I knew he would be especially turned on watching me on the end of Dave's black cock.

Andy's hand gripped the back of my head as he started shoving his cock into my mouth faster. I gripped his hips for support, as I heard him gasping, I knew he was going to cum in my mouth.

"Oh, I'm cumming!" Andy said cumming in my mouth, there was so much of it and I tried to swallow as much as I could but some leaked and ran down my face. Andy pulled away and sat in a chair beside the bed. I smiled at him and wiped up the dripping cum with a finger then licked it off.

Andy whispered, "Fuck me. Look at that, is she horny or what?"

Dave meanwhile gripped my hips and rammed inside me as I let out a loud groan and began to push back against him. I could feel his balls banging against my pelvis and his hands were trembling as he gripped my hips as I arched my back against his deep thrusts.

"You like black cock Jayne? Slut, fucking me with your husband watching."

I knew that my husband had loved watching his submissive ginger slut wife getting fucked by a black men on many other occasions and looking at his hard cock he enjoyed this time too. Dave was a real star too, he fucked me doggie style for ages before he flipped me onto my back and went at it just as hard.

"You're a great fuck. I'm ready to cum. Get ready baby," Dave said with a loud grunt. As he thrust hard I went over the edge and came again just a second or two before he pulled out and straddled my chest.

With a loud moan, "Oh fuck, take it!" Dave pointed at my boobs and started cumming, thick streams of warm sticky cum onto my tits and stomach. He wanked himself until he squeezed the last drop of cum onto my nipple then smiled as I rubbed it into my skin. All the guys watched as I massaged my cum soaked breasts and stomach until I glistened with dried cum.

I was still breathing heavily when I felt a hand on my breast as Gary came and sat next to me on the bed.

"I knew you would be up for this, enjoyed it?" Gary asked me.

"Yeah, it's something I've been meaning to get out of my system." I said laughing.

I sat back on the bed and we sat around chatting for a while they let me have a rest. Even though the three strangers had just fucked me and used me like a slut they were all very polite and charming. We chatted about my job and our family Andy, Dave and Phil genuinely curious about why we did what we did. 

"You are a such posh bird though Jayne, you are not the sort I would have expected to be fucking around like this." Andy said.

"Well, it is certainly better than adultery. Gary is turned on watching me with other men and I have always had a weakness for black guys too and we love to share these experiences."

"We do have fun with other couples too so it all works out fairly." Gary added.

I looked to Gary for approval and saw his face, lust in his eyes.

"Jayne, on your back. You know what I want." He said.

I did as I was told, but first reached over to my bag and got some lubricant, as I knew I was getting sore and dry!

"Fuck me. Fuck your slut." I whispered as I pushed myself back up the bed and lay back my legs open for him.

I slipped my right hand between my thighs and spread the lube, a finger sinking into my pussy. As I shoved another finger in my moist pussy, I arched my back and began squirming as I played with my pussy, my fingers making wet squelching noises.

"I'm going to fuck you now. I love you being a slut."

"Oh yes, fuck me." I said pushing against his hips. Gary spread my legs wider as he started to enter me; he slowly pushed his cock into me until he was all the way in me. I wrapped my legs around his back and arms around his neck as Gary fucked me gently. I loved the feel of his cock sliding in and out of my pussy and he began groaning wanting to cum again.

"Come in me babe, I want to feel you cum."

Gary had a deep push into me and his hot spunk poured into my sore and aching pussy. I could feel his cock pumping inside me and filling me with cum. I locked my legs around his back and pulled him me making sure I got every drop and we kissed a true lovers kiss. We had made love; the others had simply fucked me.

"I love you," he whispered in my ear.

"That was amazing." I sighed as Gary climbed off me.

I was sore, absolutely shattered and felt a mess. As I stood, I could feel Gary's spunk running down my leg and as I looked in the mirror I saw I was a real sight! 

What little make up remained was smudged, my hair was a sticky mess with cum in it, I had dried cum on my face and my breasts and stomach glistened with Dave cum.

The guys were tidying the room and disposing of condoms and tissues as I walked round and gave each of them a hug and a peck on the lips before I disappeared for a desperately needed shower. After showering and dressing I met Gary in the bar and we headed home, it had been a wonderful night and I felt so satisfied. It was 1 a.m. and I needed my bed although Gary had not even left the car park before I was fast asleep exhausted beside him.