 After what could only be termed a terrible divorce, I decided I needed a road trip. I hadn't been anywhere in a long time and before I was married I would often take off for weekend jaunts. It was a way for me to clear my head.

Packing a bag I threw it in the back seat of my vintage Mustang Convertible and headed off. I loved this car, I had bought when I was in college and the thrill of driving it still hadn't worn off. Sure it had it's problems but it was still a great car.

I had gotten about 400 miles from home when my classic Stang started making a terrible noise and started to spit and sputter. "Oh great" I thought. Pulling off the side of the road, I pulled out my cell and dialed the auto club. After assurances that a two truck would be there within the hour I sat and read a book I always had handy. This book was called the Naughty Night Nurse. It was actually pretty accurate in it's medical terminology, but I loved reading about sex. 

An hour had passed and soon it had been almost two when I finally saw the truck coming up behind me. Within minutes my car was on a flatbed and I was sitting in the front seat of a very clean wrecker. The driver was probably in his mid-twenties and cute. Conversation was easy between us and before long we pulled into the service station he worked at. He explained it was family run, his father, two uncles and himself worked there. 

Climbing out of the truck I felt all their eyes on me. Turning I found all three of them smiling at me. After two hours of waiting in the office, the younger man came out to tell me they had diagnosed the problem and could have it fixed within a few hours.

"There's just one thing, we only take cash."

"I don't only have $200 hundred dollars is that going to cover it?"

"Probably not."

"You take credit cards though right?"

"Nope. Just cash."

"Well is there a machine I can walk to, I can get more."

"Nope."

"Well what can I do?"

"Hang on I'll get my Dad." With that he turned and walked back into the garage. Soon an older man came through the door.

"Tim tells me you don't have enough cash."

"I only have a couple of hundred. If I can get to a machine I can get more."

"I have a deal for you."

"Okay...what's that?"

"If you come back and suck my sons cock and give me the cash I'll fix your car good as new."

"What? Are you serious?"

"Yep he's never had a blow job and I think if he's going to get one it should be from someone experienced." I couldn't believe it, I was appalled and aroused. It had been a long time since I had any kind of sex. 

"Fix the car first, and then I'll suck his cock and you all can watch." I told him.

Nodding he walked from the office. Within an hour and a half I heard my baby start and watched as it was pulled out of the garage. Taking a deep breath I waited. It didn't take long before Dad was back. "Ok that's $200 and a knob job."

Standing "Lead the way." I could see him mentally rubbing his hands together.

He led me to a small room and when I walked in I saw the young man standing naked his cock in hand a smile on his face. Looking off to the left I saw the two uncles standing and waiting. Taking a deep breath I got on my knees and wasted no time. His cock was average in length and but a little bigger in girth than most. I sucked the head of his cock in my mouth and he moaned. I had only given him a few licks and had just taken him deep in my throat once when he came. Leaning back I looked up at him and saw he was red-faced. "Don't be embarrassed it was your first time, you'll do better next time."

When I turned my head, I saw that the other three had their cocks in hand and had started stroking them. I had to admit I was pretty horny now. Turning I looked to the older man.

"Got any condoms"

"Oh yeah."

"Get some." 

Within minutes he was back. "If I'm gonna do it I might as well go all the way." All three of the men wore wedding rings, but I didn't care. I was getting fucked and that's all I cared about. It's funny when you're not getting it you don't think about it, but once you get that first whiff you ache for it.

I looked around at all three cocks and picked one had him cover up and lay on the floor. Within minutes, he was buried deep inside my pussy and I was going crazy. 

"Oh fuck yeah, this feels so good."

"You want more?"

"Yes, oh fuck yeah."

Soon I felt a finger probing my ass. A finger was sliding in and out and then I felt a cock head pushing it's way inside.

"Oh fuck, push your cock in my tight little ass. Oh fuck yeah."

I wasn't sure what was coming over me, I felt like a sex starved slut, and I was loving it. All I could think of was more. Before long there was a cock in front of me and I greedily sucked it into my mouth. It didn't take long before the men wanted to switch. 

After a quick change of raingear, I found myself feeling full once again. This time I faced my lovers feet and enjoyed the feeling as I ground down on his cock. Shifting it forward and back, soon the young man who shot his load so quickly stood before his cock hard and wanting some action. He knelt between my legs and pushed his cock inside of me joining that of his fathers. I immediately started cumming. I had never felt anything so exciting in all my life. The found a rhythm and began pounding my pussy, I couldn't fake the ecstasy or the never ending orgasm. It was over much to soon as again my young lover came to fast. His father on the other hand had more than enough stamina and soon rolled me to my knees. He began a rhythmic pounding pulling out and slamming back into me with a force that I screamed in pleasure.

"Yes fuck me, fuck my pussy. Please...Please... oh yeah, oh yeah that's it."

I felt his finger push inside my ass and again I started to cum. "That's it fuck me, fuck my tight little ass. You're so fucking good. Oooo yeah, fuck me, fuck me harder." 

Within a few minutes I heard his low groan and knew his orgasm was coming and I pushed back harder with each of this thrust. 

"Fuck, here it comes bitch, I'm cumming."

Reaching down between my legs I started slapping my clit and I came once again. 

I stay where I was for a few minutes panting. I had never been in a gang bang before and I have to admit, I loved it.

Finally I stood and dressed and offer what cash I had to the owner. He smiled. "Keep it you more than earned those repairs."

"Well I was thinking of coming back this way in a month or so. If I need anything can I depend on you?"

"Anytime sweetheart."

With that I walked out and got in my car.