 I'd always wanted to find a guy who treated me good, and someone who I could introduce to my family and friends, but I wanted someone who I could share my nasty fantasies with and who could make me drip in a heart beat.

I met Mark about four months ago and told him right from the outset that I wanted a creampie gangbang before I die. We got onto the topic of group fuck sessions and how much they turned each of us on; he told me that he was desperate to watch a girlfriend be fucked hard and I told him how horny I was about being creampied by dirty old men. I'd been the girl in an MMF once before (which was very fun, I might add) and I was frustrated that I'd left it so long before doing it again.

One night I was telling Mark about a married guy named Steve I used to fuck. Steve had a great dick and was easygoing, and I knew he'd be an awesome fit. I know that what goes around comes around, but so long as my pussy gets to tickle then I don't really care whose dick it is in me, if it's a married one or not. I would however never do anything behind Mark's back - it was just awesome that he was so turned on by the thought of watching me fucking another man in front of him.

We agreed to contact Steve, and I was a very happy girl when he replied to say he was very keen. I grinned, thinking his wife had obviously not been paying him much attention lately and that he would be desperate to sink his dick into a juicy pussy like mine.

Mark and I had the house to ourselves last week and we invited Steve over on Tuesday night. I'm not someone who messes around with entertaining men over a drink, I'd much rather be on all fours on the bed with my ass in the air, waiting patiently, and that's exactly what I did, although Mark was underneath me sucking on my titties with his dick in my pussy. 

Steve had been to my house quite a few times before I had met Mark, so he knew his way through the house to my bedroom. He crawled up onto the bed where my head was arched back, moaning like a whore from the titty sucking Mark was giving me, took his cock out of his pants and groaned as he pushed it right down to the back of my throat, right at that gag spot. The gagging almost forced Mark's cock out of my pussy, but I went right back to grinding on it while sucking and licking Steve's thick cock. "Nice to meet you, Mark," Steve laughed. Mark acknowledged him with a devilish laugh while still sucking on my titties, his dick in heaven in my juicy cunt.

"I bet you've missed this juicy fuckin pussy," Mark grunted to Steve. "Fuck yeah mate," Steve moaned back. "Do you still like creampies, Kate?" he asked me. It only made me grind harder and faster on Mark's dick and suck harder and faster on Steve's. "Mmmm I think I'd better give you one before I leave tonight then," Steve said as he grabbed the back of my head and forced his cock down my throat again.

"Do you think I could maybe have a turn mate?" Steve asked. I slid my ass up a little so that Mark's dick slid out of me, but stayed on top of him, and felt Steve crawl around behind me and begin rubbing his dick against my juicy, freshly fucked cunt. "Fuck I've missed this you little slut," he groaned as he slid his dick right in me and reached forward to make a ponytail out of my hair. Mark was now still sucking on my titties and kissing me, telling me what a good little whore I was being for him. "Fuck back on his dick more baby," he moaned into my mouth, and grabbed my hips so that he could push me back onto Steve's dick.

"Oh shit this feels so good. You're still such a horny little bitch aren't you Kate?" Steve said as he pulled my hair a little harder and smacked my ass.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm I want two cocks. Two cocks in my pussy!" I growled back.

"Two cocks in your pussy, huh? Only whores can take two cocks in their pussies," Steve grunted while pulling out for a moment. I reached under myself and grabbed Mark's dick, sliding it straight back in where it belonged. I felt Steve ease his dick in me next to Mark's while Mark kept my mind off the possible pain by kissing me, and in a moment felt so incredibly full but fucking slutty at the same time, it only made me drip even more.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm two cocks in my baby's little slut pussy," Mark moaned. "You're such a good little whore, look at you letting a married guy fuck you with me."

"Look at you letting him do it baby," I grinned as I kissed him. "Does your dick feel good rubbing against another dick in my pussy baby? Do you like it?"

"Fuck yeah you slut, it's so fucking tight," he replied.

"We're going to fuck you until we both pump our loads in your pussy you whore," Steve added while starting to fuck me a little faster. I knew from the look on Mark's face that he wouldn't last much longer, but I wanted Steve to cum first so that I could grind on Mark's dick a little longer.

I started pushing back on their dicks, trying to tease their loads out.

"I'm getting so close you fucking slut," Steve grunted. "I'm gonna cum in your whore's pussy Mark."

I bent down to suck and lick Mark's neck, knowing that always drove him wild. Steve started grunting while grabbing my hips and pulling me back onto him, trying to get his dick in even deeper with Mark's. Mark was moaning underneath me and had stopped moving his dick in and out of me so I knew he was ready. By the sound of Steve's grunts it was his hot load I felt in my pussy first. It made me so sloppy and I loved it. I kept fucking back on their dicks, Mark's now very easily sliding in and out of me while he started to spurt his load in me. Steve pushed me down hard onto Mark's dick while his own was still in me. "What a cummy pussy, you fucking whore," Steve laughed.

I DID feel like such a whore; I was already thinking about the next group fuck session! Steve unfortunately had to get in the shower and head home quickly, but I stayed on top of Mark for a while, kissing him and telling him how much I loved him for letting me fuck another man.

"We might have to get Steve to convince his wife to join us next time, huh baby?" he laughed.