 Well I am temporarily back home from a nice visit with my family. I flew to Washington on June 30th and surprised my daughters and friends with a visit. Well one of the surprises was on me...one of my old lovers Zach and his brother Will showed up while I was there. 

On the night of the 5th they showed up at my friends' house and we all visited for a little while. They then went to stay the night at my daughters house while I stayed at my friends. 

The morning of the 6th Zach showed up at the house around 7 AM and knowing that I was sleeping on the couch he tapped lightly on the door. I woke up and let him in. My friend and her husband were still sleeping. Well we started kissing and he told me he wished we could spend the night together before he left. I told him that probably wouldn't happen as I will not sleep with him at my daughter's house. 

We started kissing and Zach lifted my tank top and started sucking on my tits. He slid his hand up the inside of my thigh and into my shorts and found my clit and started rubbing it. I reached over and started rubbing his cock, which was already straining for release. I unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. 

Zach is married but in an open marriage, she and I are friends and she knows about Zach and I. We had not seen each other in 5 years and I knew it was going to be good, it always is with Zach. 

After a few minutes of playing around, I knew there was no way we could have sex where we were so I told Zach "Let's go for a ride." 

Zach has a full size extended cab pick up with a great back seat. We took off and drove down to the beach and found a place to park. We jumped in the back seat and off came the clothes! 

Zach was surprised by my shaved pussy, as I had never had it shaved when we were together before, trimmed but not shaved clean. Zach layed me back on the bench seat, and slid me to the edge of the seat, as he stepped outside the door. Zach started kissing the inside of my one thigh. When he reached my pussy he kissed the top of my mound, and blew softly against my clit. He then kissed and nipped my other thigh, from my knee till he was at my pussy again. He kissed the top of my slit then slid his tongue between my slit from top to bottom. As he returned to my clit and sucked it into his mouth, he slid a finger into me and I came...just that fast. 

Zach lapped my juices as I came, driving his tongue into me and lapping my slit and clit. After a minute I told him I wanted to suck his cock and slid back on the bench seat for him to get in the truck with me. Zach has a thick cock, around 7 inches long. I have never been able to take his full length when he is hard but I take as much as I can. 

I started by cupping his balls in my hands and then sucking one into my mouth, while licking around it with my tongue. I then sucked the other one in my mouth, while slowly stroking his cock. I slid my tongue up the length of his cock, and flicked my tongue over the V on the underside of his cock. I cupped his balls in one hand, and gently rolled them, while I circled the head of his cock with my tongue. I kept this up for a couple of minutes before sliding it in my mouth, still licking around the head. 

My other hand was stroking his cock, as I took as much of it into my mouth as I could. As he hit the back of my throat, Zach grabbed the back of my head and held me there for a moment. I moaned as I felt his cock twitch, and then slowly slid my mouth back to the head of his cock. 

I was half laying on the bench seat as I was doing this. And Zach told me to turn around so we could '69' each other. Zach had me lay on the bottom while he knelt over me and as he licked and sucked me toward another orgasm, I sucked and licked his cock.

As Zach is about to make me cum he stops and tells me to roll over. Zach loves to do me 'doggie style'. I get on my knees and Zach kneels on the seat behind me. I am soaked from cumming and Zach eating me. Zach slowly rubs the head of his cock between my pussy lips, then slides it into me slowly. Zach stopped and said "Damn I am not going to last long, it's been to long baby." 

With that he slams the rest of his cock into me, and holding my hips, he pounds his cock hard and fast in and out of me. I can feel Zach's balls slapping against my clit with every stroke. The sound of our bodies slapping together has me cumming after a couple of stokes. Zach feels me cumming, my pussy squeezing his cock, and with a final thrust releases his load inside of me. 

After catching our breathes, we get dressed and go back to my friends house. Zach stayed and had a cup of coffee and chatted for a bit, then said he needed to go see if Will was up yet. As he kissed me good bye I could still smell, and barely taste myself on him, so I told him to be careful who he got close to with his face and smiled at him. He smiled and said he would be back in a little while.

After Zach left, my girlfriend and I made plans to go get pedicures and manicures. We also planned on going to see the movie 'Magic Mike XXL'. So I jumped in the shower and after getting ready, I called my daughters and told Zach our plans for the day. 

Zach asked if I wanted to go to the casino that night with him and Will, and anyone else that decided to go. I asked my girlfriend, and she said that she and her husband would go too. So I told Zach I would be back in a few hours, and took off and had a 'girls' day with my best friend. 

I love getting manicures and pedicures and was treating my girlfriend to her first pedicure. We had a great time and made it to the movie with about 10 minutes to spare. 

After the movie, I was soaking wet...hot bodies, sexual innuendo's, and having hot sex that morning...I was horny as hell. I called Zach and said that we were heading home, and he suggested that we just meet at the casino, as it was on the way back. We agreed and let my friends husband know to meet us there too. 

Once we all met at the casino we decided to get something to eat before we played, and went to the restaurant. I hadn't seen Will yet so gave him a big hug and asked how he was doing, as we waited to be seated. 

Will said that he was currently staying with Zach, and his wife, as his 'significant other' had started seeing someone else. I told him I was sorry to hear that, but that he wouldn't be single long, as some lucky girl would snatch him up. He laughed and said he didn't want to get snatched up just yet. He figured he would play the field for awhile. We sat in a circular booth, Will on one end, then me, Zach, my best friend, then her husband at the other end.

We all ordered drinks except Zach, who does not drink, he makes a great designated driver LOL! After ordering dinner, Zach asked how the movie was. My girlfriend and I laughed and said it was great for a woman, but they probably wouldn't have enjoyed it. Will asked what it was about, and I told him it was about male strippers. Will and Zach both laughed and said we were right, they probably wouldn't have enjoyed it. 

Zach kept his hand on my thigh most of the time, occasionally running it up and down my thigh. I had a pair of capri's on, and knew that the crotch was probably still wet since I was still horny from watching the movie. As he slid his hand up my leg, I spread my legs apart and he slid his hand up to my crotch. He looked at me and smiled, and rubbed me through my pants for a minute. 

I noticed that Will caught sight of Zach's teasing, but would just smile and look away. During dinner Zach teased me a couple more times by rubbing my crotch, and at one point whispering to me he hoped I didn't have a visible wet spot when I stood up. 

After dinner we went into the casino and we all kind of split up, and went to play what we wanted. Zach and I ended up playing black jack at the same table. Zach told me, for every black jack he got I had to do a 'truth or dare'. And for every black jack that I got, he had to do one. I do not usually get black jacks and true to my luck, I didn't get any...Zach got three. 

Zach's first 'truth or dare' was after we had left the table a couple of hours later. He asked me "Truth Or Dare?" 

I leaned over and kissed him and told him "Dare." 

He smiled and told me "I dare you to flash your tit's to someone here in the casino." 

Damn...Ok. So I looked around and I see a middle aged man, sitting at a machine with no one else around him at the moment. I pointed him out to Zach and told him I would be right back. I walked toward the man and gathered my shirt in my hands. I lifted it to the bottom of my bra, grabbed my bra and stepped up next to the guy. When he looked up, I lifted my shirt and bra and gave him a full shot of my tits. 

His eyes got wide and he quickly glanced around. I smiled and said "Hope you don't mind, but I got dared to flash someone and chose you." 

I pulled my bra and shirt back down as he answered "I don't mind at all, Thanks." 

I turned to walk away and about ran into Will. I chuckled and said "Hi, how are you doing?" 

Will smiled and replied, "Not as lucky as that guy obviously." 

I grinned and looked back at my 'victim' who was watching us, and told Will "Ah that's to bad, maybe your luck will change." And I walked back over to where Zach was sitting, watching the whole thing. 

Zach asked what Will had said so I told him. Zach watched Will talking to my 'victim' for a minute, and then wander off to a different row of machines. Zach pulled me to him and kissed me, thoroughly, and told me he didn't know I was so 'adventurous'. 

I told him I had been gone for 5 years, there were several new things he may not know about me. Zach kissed me again, when my girlfriend walked up and joked "Get a room you two!" I just laughed and told her the rooms there were to expensive. 

She and her husband were about ready to go home, and she asked if I was going with them or riding with Will and Zach. I looked at Zach and he said he would make sure I got 'home' safe. My girlfriend gave me a key to her house, and as she gave me a hug good night she whispered "Have fun!" 

Zach asked me if I wanted a drink and I told him just some water, I had had enough alcohol. Zach walked over to the bar and got himself a coffee, and a bottle of water for me. I started playing on one of the slots where we had been sitting. 

Will came over about a half hour later, and said he was ready to go whenever we were. Zach and I told him we were good to go too. I told Zach I would meet them in the lobby as I had to use the 'ladies room' before we left. I went to the bathroom and after washing my hands, I splashed water on my face and dried it. Then walked out to the Lobby to meet Zach and Will.

When I walked up to Zach and Will, they suddenly quit talking, and Will started walking out of the casino. I looked at Zach and he smiled and said "Truth or Dare." 

I hesitated for a minute then told him "Dare." 

As we walked out to the car, Zach said "I dare you to hit on Will and kiss him with full body contact." 

I looked at Zach and said "Uhm, are you sure that is a good idea?" 

Zach answered "You said Dare, that's the dare." 

I looked at Will leaning against the side of the truck and told Zach. "I'm going to tell him it was all your idea." 

I walked up to Will and crooked my finger at him, (he is a bit taller than I am) and when he leaned down I wrapped my arms around his neck, leaned into him and kissed him. Will hesitated, then slid his arms around my waist, and proceeded to return my kiss. Sliding his tongue into my mouth, and pulling me harder against him. 

I could feel his cock twitching and ran my fingers over the back of his neck, then across his shoulders, and placed my hands against his chest. Will broke the kiss and told me "Unless you want to be taken right here, I suggest you stop playing with fire." 

Zach laughed and told Will "She is fire bro, you'd be out of your league." 

I jumped in the middle of the front seat and told Will, "Blame Zach, he dared me to do it." 

Zach then asked me "Truth or Dare?" 

Having a little caution I said "Truth." 

Zach laughed and said "Could you, and would you take Will and I on together in a threesome?" 

Without hesitation I answered "When and Where?" 

Will looked at me, then at Zach and said, "He's just messing with you!" 

I looked at Will and asked him "Are you not willing?" 

Will looked and Zach, then at me and said "You two are serious?" 

I said "Well I am, and Zach better be since he brought it up, so Zach...When and Where?" 

Will said "I'm in if you two are serious!" 

Zach said "I'm in and we can probably get room at one of the little hotels further up the beach away from the casino." 

As Zach drove to the hotel, I called my friend and told her I wasn't going to be home, she again told me "Have fun" and she would see me tomorrow. 

I decided to play a little on the way to the hotel, so I jumped in Will's lap and started kissing him. Will slid his tongue between my lips and our tongues twirled and danced against each other for a couple of minutes. Will slid his hand under my top and rubbed one of my breasts. Finding the nipple he gently pinched and teased it. 

I stretched one of my legs along the seat and into Zach's lap, rubbing his crotch with my foot. 

As Will slid his hand inside my bra, I could feel his cock growing against my ass. I told Will to undo my bra, which he did. I pulled up my shirt and bra, and cupped my tits with my hands and lifted them toward Will. He lowered his head and flicked his tongue over first one nipple, then the other. He sucked one of my nipples into his mouth and I let out a low moan. 

Zach told Will "She has very sensitive nipples, she can practically cum just playing with them." 

I let my head fall back and told Will "Don't stop there hun, the other one needs attention too." 

As Will sucked a nipple in his mouth, he pinched and pulled on my other nipple. I wiggled my butt against his hardened cock, and could feel that Zach was getting hard also, from my rubbing his crotch with my foot, and the show he was getting with Will and I. 

Zach advised that we were almost at the motel, and he would go in and get the room. This motel actually has separate small cabins, that are not attached to each other although they are close together. Zach pulled in and went into the office. 

Will had pulled my shirt back over my tits, but had his hand under my shirt playing with my nipples. With his other hand he pulled me toward him for a kiss. I ran my tongue over his lower lip and then sucked it into my mouth for a moment before sliding my tongue into his mouth. 

Will gave a short groan and asked me to lift up a second. I did and he unzipped his jeans and adjusted his cock a bit. When I sat back down his cock was now rubbing against my pussy. I wiggled a little and said "Mmm that feels better." 

Will smiled and said "Much better!" 

Zach came back then and got in the truck, and we drove over to our cabin. I kissed Will and then slid off his lap so he could get out of the truck. Will grabbed his jacket and holding it in front of himself he stepped out of the truck. I slid over and got out of the truck and followed him and Zach to the cabin door. Zach unlocked the door and we stepped into the cabin. 

It was around 2 AM when we got to the cabin but as we stepped inside, there was enough light coming through the open curtains over the sliding glass door to see around the room. I walked over to sliding glass door and opened it. I turned around, pulled my top up over my head and slid my bra straps off my arms. I tossed both in a chair and walked over to Zach. 

I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him. Zach cupped one of my tits with one hand, and cupped my pussy through my capris with the other. I grabbed his shirt and started lifting it up to take it off. He lifted his arms and I pulled it off, then pressed myself against him for a moment and kissed him again. 

I then stepped back and turned toward Will. I said "Your overdressed, and reached for his shirt. He grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled it over his head. Will then reached for me, and pulled me against his chest, and lowered his head to kiss me. 

Zach stepped up behind me and Will loosened his hold as Zach slid his hands around my waist, and unbuttoned, then unzipped my capris and slid them down my legs. I reached for Will's pants and undid the button since they were still unzipped. I then hooked my thumbs in the waistband of Will's underwear and starting pushing them down. 

I heard Zach taking his own jeans off behind me as I lowered Will's pants. As I slowly slid Will's pants down I kissed his chest and abdomen until I was kneeling in front of him. I kissed the tip of his cock, then flicked it with my tongue tasting his precum. I cupped his balls in one hand and gripped his cock with my other. I then ran my tongue around the head of his cock, before I slid it between my lips and sucked gently against the head. 

Zach knelt behind me and pushed against my legs for me to spread them, When I did he slid a finger inside me, as he rubbed his cock between my ass cheeks. I continued to suck up and down Will's shaft, and rolled his balls around in my hand. Will pulled his feet free of his shoes and pants, and gripping my arms, pulling me up he said "Let's move this to the bed." I turned and walked toward the bed, gripping Zach's cock and bringing him with us. 

I crawled to the middle of the king size bed and told Zach it was his turn. Zach laid in front of me and I started licking his balls, then sucking them into my mouth. I started licking up his cock slowly, flicking my tongue up and down his shaft and then around the head of it before I took him in my mouth. 

Will got on the bed behind me and pulled me to my knees. As I continued sucking and licking on Zach's cock, Will rubbed his cock head against my pussy and clit. Will slowly slid the head of his cock into my wet swollen pussy. I moaned and pulled my mouth away from Zach's cock but continued to stroke it with my hand. 

I moaned again and told Will "Don't tease, give it to me baby." With one push, Will buried his cock in me to the hilt and I cried "Yes, baby, give it to me." I then told Zach to kneel in front of me so I could suck him better. 

Will slid his cock in and out of me slowly, as I slid Zach's cock in and out of my mouth in the same rhythm. Zach reached down and played with my tits. Alternately kneading them and pinching or pulling my nipples. I was close to cumming and pulling my mouth off of Zach I told Will "Give it to me, baby, make me cum." 

Will grabbed my hips and started pounding his cock in me hard and fast, his balls slapping against me. I cried out "Yes Will yes, that's it give it all to me." as I came. My pussy convulsed against Will's cock and after a few more strokes I felt his cock pulse and fill me with his cum. Will held himself in me for a minute then slowly pulled out of me. 

Zach told me to lay on my back as he moved between my legs. Zach rubbed his cock against my clit and then wrapping his arms under my legs he put my legs on his shoulders and slid his cock into my pussy. Zach told Will "Rub her clit bro." 

Will reached over and started rubbing my clit with one hand, and playing with my tits with the other. Zach fucked me fast, and hard, his balls slapping my ass. And while Will rubbed my clit, and Zach fucked me I came again. 

Zach said "Yes hun, that's it, cum for me, squeeze me with your pussy and make me cum." Zach slid into me hard and deep groaning, and I could feel him shooting his load deep inside me. 

Zach rolled to one side of me, and Will was on the other side. After catching my breath, I climbed off the bed and went into the bathroom and cleaned myself up, then walked back to the bed. 
