 I'm not much into the bar scene, especially in Vegas-- too many phonies. Besides, in a bar you can end up spending a lot of money on booze, and not even get any sex. Usually I prefer to go someplace where I know I'm going to get some. But for some reason I decided to go to the local leather bar-- more wannabes than real outlaws-- for their Sunday afternoon beer blast. Hey, five bucks-- it's a cheap drunk.

I had been there only a few minutes before I laid eyes on the man who was going to change my life forever. He was dressed all in black leather, his jacket open to reveal a brawny, hairy chest. His face wasn't exactly handsome-- most people would probably describe it as "rough" and "coarse"-- but it radiated a vitality and energy I found utterly magnetic. He was a very large man, too, in more ways than one. Myself, I'm a little over six feet tall and about 220 pounds. He was one of the few people who make me feel small-- at least 6'6", over 250 pounds, very beefy and chunky, but not fat-- just the sort of man I swoon over. A tattoed snake wound around his left arm.

I tried to avoid staring at him, but I just couldn't help myself. I was like a deer transfixed by the headlights of an automobile. It was as if everyone else in the room had disappeared, and there was only him and me. I just knew he had a huge cock. Not that I could see it, or that he was wearing really tight jeans and I could see a telltale bulge. Nothing like that. He just had that air about him of a man with a very large penis.

He must have noticed how stricken I was at the sight of him, because very soon he grinned and then strode over to me purposefully.

"Hey, baby," he said, smiling broadly, "you wanna suck my cock?"

I was both taken aback and turned on by his crudeness and directness. "Yeah, sure, I'd love to," I said faintly.

"Good. 'Cause the moment I set eyes on you, I wanted to stick my dick in your mouth."

He took me by the hand and led me into a dark recess in the back of the bar. He sat down on a ledge and opened his fly, pulling out-- well, not the biggest cock I've ever seen, 'cause I've seen (and sucked on) some whoppers, but one of the biggest-- a foot long if it was an inch, and thick too. It was certainly more than big enough for any normal purpose and quite a few abnormal ones. The metal cockring at the base made his balls poof out adorably. My knees hit the floor with record speed.

With feelings approaching awe and reverence, I wrapped one hand around his massive member and began devoutly licking and kissing around the tip of his dick. Why worship an abstract intangible God you can't see, when you can worship a God you can see, and hear and smell and touch and, most importantly, taste? I'm an empiricist, myself.

"Yeah," he said softly. "I like that." Almost gently, he reached out and placed my other hand on his balls, which I then cupped fervently.

He put his hand on the top of my head. "Time to stop teasin' and start pleasin', pussy boy. In other words, suck my cock." He pushed my head down, but he really didn't have to push too hard, as my mouth engulfed him eagerly. His roughness turned to tenderness as he stroked my hair while I sucked.

"Oh yeah, you do that nicely, baby," he said. "How'd you get to be such a good cocksucker, huh? You've sucked a lot of dicks, haven't you?"

Normally, I would be offended by someone I'd just met saying that to me, but coming from him, I didn't mind at all-- in fact, I liked it. There was something about the way he enjoyed and approved of, rather than censuring, my sluttiness.

"O yeah, baby," I answered, "I've sucked a lot of cocks, but--"

"But what?" he prompted.

"Not enough. Not nearly enough."

"That's the spirit," he said, as my lips slid back down over his cock. I could see and feel (with my tongue) the cock ring at the base of the shaft. From experience, I knew that really big dicks like his took a long time to suck off, even longer with a cock ring on. It would take forever to get this stud of with my mouth (and hands), maybe hours. But I sure wanted to try.

He leaned back for a while and let me do my thing. Then he reached down and ran his fingers through my hair."

"Look at me, baby," he said softly. "Yeah, look at me while you suck my cock. You're a nasty little pussy boy, aren't you?"

"I try my best to be, yes," I replied, licking the underside of the head of his dick.

He pushed my head back down on his cock. "Gag yourself, bitch! Show me how far down you can go. . . I wanna know how far I can shove my dick down your throat when I really get going . . . Not bad, almost all the way . . . Yeah, I'm a considerate mouthfucker, baby-- I give you all you can take, but no more . . ."

"I do appreciate that," I said.

"Yeah, I bet you do. Let me guess-- you can't take it down into your throat, you gag and throw up. And you don't take it in the ass, either, do you?" That's why you're so bitchy and depressed all the time-- you need a good ass-reamin' and you're not gettin' it."

I slid his dick out of my mouth and rubbed it against my cheek. "You seem to know me awful well, for someone who just met me."

He laughed. "Yeah, I know you, baby-- I know you very well. In some ways I probably know you better than you know yourself. You see, I used to be a lot like you-- a long time ago."

He grabbed me by the hair and pushed me down on his dick. "Poor little queer boy. You work in an office with a bunch of squares you don't like. You try and try, but no matter what you do, you just can't fit in. They can sense that you're different-- and I'm not just talkin' about being gay, either. You're just not one of them."

"How true, how true!" I exclaimed. "How could you know all this?"

He really guffawed then. "Well, I can tell you've never done a lick of real work in your life, pussy boy"-- he grabbed a hand and turned it palm up-- "look at that hand, all smooth and soft like a woman's-- a real cocksucker's hands . . . What's your name, baby?"

"Steve," I mumbled.

"Mine's Red," he said. "Want to get outta here and go over to my place? There I can really dick you thoroughly."

"Sounds good," I said. "Let's go."

We walked out of the bar together, his arm around me possessively. He had a Harley parked in the lot, and I put on his spare helmet and climbed onto the "bitch" seat, my arms around his waist. (I left my car there, to be picked up later.) I had never ridden on a motorcycle before, and the sudden acceleration and danger of it excited me-- even more, that is. I was already pretty turned on, to say the least. I reached down with one hand and rubbed the bulge in his jeans. He must have liked that, because he smiled and nodded when I did it.

"Wait'll I get you home, bitch. You're gonna get more cock than you've ever had in your life."

"Oooh, sounds great, baby," I said, nibbling on his earlobe.

"But one thing I'll tell ya right now. If you think you can get by with just suckin' dicks, think again. Once you walk through my door, you're not leavin' until after you've been fucked-- several times-- by me and other guys, too."

"Oh, cool," I said.

"You down for it, baby? Once you're in, you're gonna be my cock slave, until I'm finished with you. If you're gonna back out, back out right now."

I kissed the back of his neck. "I won't back out," I said, in my most feminine voice.

"Good boy."

We pulled up to his place, a small rundown apartment, and went inside. He locked the door, and then with a big, shit-eating grin on his face, he said, "Strip, bitch-- and get on your knees." As I was undressing, he was busily divesting himself of his clothing.

"Crawl over here on your hand and knees and suck my cock, bitch," he said, once he was completely naked. Beside the snake tattoo on his arm, there was an eagle on his chest, and the leering face of the Checkered Demon on his abdomen, just above his cock. I crawled over to him eagerly, and took my pacifier-- his cock-- back into my very hungry mouth. He let me suck it for a while, then he had other ideas. He turned around, and I saw the words "EAT ME" in bold, angry letters on his ass, one word on each cheek.

"Eat my butt," he commanded.

I had tried rimming a few times, and I really didn't like it that much. But I could deny him nothing. He leaned forward and spread his asscheeks for me. I tentatively licked around his puckered asshole, but he was having none of that.

"Don't just lick around the edges, bitch. Stick your fuckin' tongue up my ass!" I balked at that a little, and he reached back and pushed my face into his ass. "Do it, bitch!" he said, loudly. "Obey my nasty commands!" I did as I was told, and snaked my tongue up his asshole. I like sucking cock much better, but it turned me on that it was so nasty and that he was "forcing" me to do it . . . but I really didn't need much forcing. "That's it, bitch. Wiggle your tongue in my butthole."

I licked in a transport of ecstasy, his hand firmly holding my head down, my nose pressed against his ass. "Yeah, clean out my asshole with your tongue, you dirty pervert! Worship my ass!"

After a few minutes, he decided I had done well enough at butthole eating that I would next be allowed to lick his balls. I licked them, both of them, and sucked each in turn into my mouth, flicking it with my tongue, and then sucking it in and out of my mouth like a dick.

He pushed me away. "OK, pussy boy, you've done pretty well so far. You wanna suck my cock some more now?"

"Please, Red, let me suck your cock!" I begged, grovelling at his feet.

"Beg for it some more, bitch."

"Please-- I need to suck-- I wanna suck your cock so bad my mouth aches . . ."

He replied by grabbing me by the hair and shoving my head down on his cock, as deep as I could take it. I was beside myself with the thrill of sucking his beautiful, wonderful cock. "Walk on your knees with my cock in your mouth, bitch." I obeyed, and soon he was seated on the couch with me down on my knees, on the floor between his legs. His living room had a hard linoleum floor, but there was a cushion right in front of the sofa, so it wouldn't be so hard on my knees. Red's such a thoughtful, considerate fellow.

I took his cock as deep into my mouth as I could, but it was so huge I couldn't quite go all the way down on it. I have a pretty big mouth, and I can swallow about ten inches, but no more. Red reached over and picked up a spray bottle with a long, flexible hose attached to it. He pulled my head off his dick and said, "Open wide, baby." He pushed the hose into my mouth and sprayed the back of it.

"What was that?" I asked.

"Just a little something to deaden the nerve endings back there and suppress your gag reflex. You're gonna take all of my cock down your throat, you lucky little slut."

"No, I can't," I said, panicking a little, but even as I spoke I felt my throat start to numb.

"O yes, you can." He took hold of my head with both hands, and positioned his cock for the thrust.

"Ready, baby?"

With one sudden lunge, he shoved his cock into the back of my mouth and then deep into my throat. Deadened by the novocaine, the tube of my esophagus opened up and let him in. I nearly died with ecstasy at being filled with cock like never before, totally abandoning myself in revelling in the worship of his dong. He continued to hold my head down with both hands, as he fucked my mouth brutishly.

"This is it, bitch. Get used to it. Cock worship for hours . . ."

I moaned with pleasure, and he took his hands off my head. I continued to suck his cock fervently, delighting in being able to swallow a whole foot of cock. He picked up a cellphone, and hit speeddial.

"Hey, Stinky, I got a sick little bitch here who needs to get dicked really bad! Get some of the boys together and get over here quick."

It wasn't long before they were knocking on the door. Red graciously allowed me to get up to answer the door butt naked, but then he made me crawl on my hands and knees back to him and suck his cock while they all threw off their clothing. There were four of them-- two white guys, a Mexican, and a black. They all had bigger than average penises, the black guy having the largest, about ten inches. They stood around stroking their cocks and watching me suck Red's dick.

"Make the rounds, baby. Go down the line and get a taste of everyone's dick."

"Yes--" here I hesitated a little-- "master."

Red laughed. "That's the way I like to hear you talk, bitch. Yeah, put on a good blowjob show for your master, you nasty pervert."

I happily did as I was told, slurping on each cock for about a minute or two, enjoying the unique taste, shape, and texture of each dong. I stretched out my arms and stroked two more cocks while I sucked. A few times, I took two dicks into my mouth at once. I was in Cock Heaven.

Red came up behind me and lubed my butthole with some water-based lube. He then got his finger wet and slowly, gently slid it up my ass. I uttered a high-pitched little cry at that.

"Yeah, squeal for me, bitch. Damn, you got a tight butthole! You haven't been fucked in years, have you? You've just been suckin' dicks, haven't you, bitch?"

"Yes," I managed to get out, before my head was roughly shoved back down.

"And why is that?" he asked. "Let me guess-- 'cause you're afraid of AIDS, right? I bet you don't even let guys cum in your mouth, do you? You silly shit-- there are things that can kill you a lot faster than AIDS!"

I tried to respond, but the Mexican dude whose dick I was sucking slapped me lightl on the cheek and said, "Didn't your mother teach you it's impolite to talk with your mouth full?" It was more fun sucking than talking, anyway.

"You're gonna do it all tonight, baby-- swallowin' cum, takin' it up the ass, you name it. And I don't wanna hear any whining, or I'll slap the shit outta ya!"

"Yes, master," I said, trembling-- not with fear, but with excitement.

Now the gangbang began in earnest. I was roughly pushed down on my hands and knees, and made to suck the Mexican's dick while the white guy with the smallest cock came up behind me and fingered my butt. Red stood on the side, watching and stroking himself, while I pulled the well-lubed puds of the other two.

"Yeah, bitch, we're all gonna fuck you, littlest dick first, and workin' on up to mer. I'm savin' the best for last, baby. . . Meanwhile, we wouldn't want your mouth to feel empty, now would we?"

The first guy slid his dick up my ass and fucked me, making me squeal with pleasure. Meanwhile, the Mexican was keeping my head clamped to his crotch, making me suck his cock. After the first stud pulled out and came on my ass, the Mexican got up to fuck me and the black dude slid over on the couch and stuck his cock in my mouth. Red sat down where he had been, took my hand and put it on his dick. I was already frigging the other's guy's cock as I sucked.

Red and his friends were totally using and dominating me, and verbally abusing me-- and I loved every second of it. Never have I heard the word "bitch" uttered so many times in such rapid succession. It turned them on to say that word, and it turned me on even more to hear them "dissing" me. They could diss me all they wanted, as long as they fed me lots of cock!

The Mexican came in my butt, and the other white guy came just from my cocksucking mouth, pulling out and creaming my face with his luscious cockjuice. That left only Red and the black guy. Red whacked his hard cock on my face again and again as the black dude got ready to shove it in.

"Suck, you scum-faced slut!" Red yelled as he shoved my head down. Then the black stud rammed his cock in my asshole, making me gasp and lift my head off Red's cock to emit a high-pitched yelp.

"Get your mouth back down on my cock, bitch. Just 'cause he's reamin' the hell outta your butthole is no excuse not to suck my dick."

I put my mouth back on his cock, and went all the way down. At the same time, the black guy shoved his big fat cock all the way in. I thrilled at the sensation of having almost two feet of cock inside me. The big black cock in my ass hurt, and I gave out a muffled scream as Red held my head down and made sure I kept sucking. But the pain quickly turned to pleasure, and I was moaning and squealing with delight at every thrust. I gave myself over to total cock worship. All I was aware of were the two huge cocks pumping both my holes. This went on and on, until the black guy suddenly groaned and spurted inside my asshole. He finished cumming and pulled out, spent.

Red had me turn around so he could fuck my butthole. I was afraid of his massive cock, but I had to have it. I had been reduced to moaning, quivering fuckmeat. Had he gone first, he probably would have given me far more pain than pleasure. But now I had been opened up and made ready for him. He was gentle at first, as he slowly worked his cock into my ass. It hurt a little, but mostly it felt good, real good. His cock was not only the longest, but also the thickest, of the lot. He had it most of the way in when he paused.

"You OK, baby?"

"Yeah, I'm OK. Give it to me-- give it all to me."

He thrusted, and I felt something open up deep inside my butthole, and he was all the way in. I screamed with ecstasy as he pounded my asshole again and again. Finally, as my asshole became stretched out fully, it became less intense, and my screams subsided into hot moans. He fucked me relentlessly, for what seemed like eternity (an eternity of bliss), but was probably little more than half an hour. It was then that I became his totally and forever. His omnipotent dong pounded my butthole over and over, smashing to smithereens whatever was left of my middle-class respectability. Just when I thought it would go on forever, he groaned and shot his load inside my asshole, squirting out such a powerful blast that I could feel it inside my ass. He spasmed several more times, then he pulled his cock out of me with a plop and rolled off to the side, satisfied.

"Well, how was it, bitch? Did you enjoy your abuse and degradation?"

"O, Red," I exclaimed, clinging to his leg, "if that was abuse and degradation, please abuse and degrade me some more!"

He reached down and tousled my hair affectionately. "Don't worry, baby," he chuckled. "I will."

I bent forward and kissed the tip of his dick, the same dick that had just come out of my asshole. I was happy. There was no turning back now. After what I had just experienced, my life would never be the same.