 As I got off the subway, I walked down the street and found the address much faster than I would have liked. 6:20. I had ten minutes. I walked around the block, despite the January cold.

I was nervous, I couldn't deny that. What he told me, my wrists and ankles would be tied and I would be blindfolded. I would be naked except for garter belt, stockings, and heels. The guys would come in, there would be fifteen to twenty altogether, and they'd all fuck me and come on me and in me. I wouldn't see them and they wouldn't see my face. I'd be anonymous, helpless, just lying there waiting to take their cocks.

I couldn't believe that I was actually doing this. Group sex had always excited me, and loved to be tied up, but this was much more than I thought I would ever do for real.

When I found out that my friend was a part of this sex group it really interested me and I told her that I wanted to go watch a party. I went with her to a party a few weeks ago and it was great! It really turned me on to watch all of that sex going on around me. I even got so turned on that I gave a few blowjobs on the spur of the moment.

Before I left, the organizer of the group thanked me for coming and told me that if I ever wanted to have a party centered around me he would be more than happy to set it up.

For the next few weeks I couldn't get the party out of my mind, it fit with one of my biggest fantasies. I found myself thinking about it all of the time and masturbating several times a day.

Over the years some of the details of my fantasy have changed but the overall theme remained the same, I wanted to be used like a complete slut by several men. For some reason the thought of being fucked by a group strangers really turned me on.

Maybe it was because nice girls don't do such things or maybe it was because it was just so dirty, exciting, and adventurous, but I have these ongoing images of sucking a lot of cocks, and having my mouth, ass and pussy filled with cum.

Finally I decided to do something to satisfy my fantasy and called the organizer and said I would like to have a party. I told him that I wanted at least five or six guys but thought that I could handle ten or maybe more. I also wanted to be tied up and blindfolded while it happened. He told me that he would set it up and get back to me, that was two weeks ago. 

It was 6:30. Time to ring the doorbell. I was excited too, but still very nervous. For what seemed like forever, the door didn't open. I was about to walk away and come back later when he opened the door and led me up the stairs and offered me a drink.

The room he took me into was walled with mirrors, with padded stools set around the entire room. A padded table was in the center of the room with hooks at the top and stirrups at the bottom just like a doctors examining room table.

After I finished my drink, he asked if I was ready to begin. I said yes and he told me to get undressed. Under my jeans and sweater, I had been wearing fishnet stockings with lace panties and garter belt. When I had stripped down to my lace and fishnets, he told me to take off my panties and lie down on the table.

Nervous and excited I did as was told and laid down on the table. When he fastened my wrists into cuffs and clipped them to the hooks over my head, I felt a jolt go through me. I always got excited when someone tied me up. He did the same to my ankles, securing them to the stirrups so my legs were bent and my ass was just at the edge of the table. 

I was nervous thinking that with my legs secured and my arms pulled straight above my head, this left my body very vulnerable to whatever anyone wanted to do to me. He then put a blindfold over my eyes and my heart started to race. My pussy started tingle and I got very wet thinking that there was no turning back now. Some strangers were going to fuck me and there was nothing that I could do about it.

In the other room, I heard many male voices and footsteps coming towards me. It was time. I couldn't see, but I was aware of someone standing over me. At that moment, although I knew what I had been brought here for, I wasn't sure what was going to happen. I knew someone was there, but I didn't know who.

That made it a bit scary, but also exciting. After all, I would never know who these men were. Most of them I'd never see again, or if I did, I wouldn't know it. I started to relax, and revel in the excitement of being the center of such lavish, if unusual, attention.

Suddenly I felt hands rubbing all over my body and someone started licking and fingering my pussy. There were many hands rubbing across my stomach, my breasts, and pinching and sucking my nipples. Some were fingering and licking my ass and others were sucking my fingers and toes.

It was so much, I was going into sensory overload and I loved every minute of it. Soon something was pushed to my lips, it was a cock, and I began sucking. I sucked cock after cock. As soon as one cock slipped from my lips another would soon replace it.

Some of the men would turn around, spread their cheeks and have me lick their crack and stick my tongue deep in their ass. I had never in my life done that before and it felt so dirty and arousing. At the same time some of the men were still fingering or licking my pussy and ass.

I'm not sure how long this went on but after a while I felt someone step between my legs and then I received the first of what would be many cocks into my pussy. While the cock was in my pussy I felt another cock being pushed against my lips and I opened up to suck on it.

This went on for what seemed like hours, taking cock after cock into my mouth and pussy until finally, I received the cum that I so desperately wanted. The men came in my mouth and pussy at the same time and I swallowed as much as I could. 

At that point I also had the first of many orgasms. It felt wonderful. As I came down from the orgasm I could feel cum dripping from my pussy and down the crack of my ass. I felt a finger start to go in and out of my ass. Whoever it was used the cum dripping from my pussy to lube my ass before he slid his cock in and started pumping. As he fucked my ass he pinched my clit and I had another powerful orgasm.

The men started alternating between fucking my ass and pussy while I also sucked cock and they filled me with load after load of cum. I had this vision of myself in my heels and stockings, tied to the table, and surrounded by a crowd of naked men. One was between my legs with his cock pumping my pussy and I was sucking on a second cock, and this aroused me much more than I had ever been. This was better than in my fantasy.

I thought, here I was becoming a complete slut in real life and loving every minute of it. So far this night I have had more cock in me than most women get in a lifetime and I was wondering why I waited so long. I went into a state of almost constant orgasm and it took me a while to finally I realize that I was lying there by myself.

I reeked of sex and cum. I was tired, my ass and pussy were numb, but I felt great. I was more satisfied than I can ever remember being. I had finally done something that I had fantasized about all my life and I had no regrets.

Then the cuffs came off of my wrists and ankles, and a voice told me to get up. I took off my blindfold with an aching arm and saw him standing in front of me. He was holding a plastic bag for my garter belt and stockings, the black fabric now streaked white.

For the first time, I looked down. My skin was coated with white and there was still cum leaking from my ass and pussy. He then led me to the shower to wash off the cum of men I had never seen.

I looked in the mirror and saw that my black eyeliner and shiny red lipstick were smeared. I also saw drops of cum hanging from my hair, like strands of pearls. I stepped into the shower and rinsed it all off.

I dressed again in my sweater and jeans. I stuffed the plastic bag into the corner of my purse, said my good-byes, wrapped myself in my heavy wool coat, and then walked out into the cold night never to know the identities of the men that fulfilled my biggest fantasy.