 "The Final Chapter (sort of)"

By Ralle

(All persons engaged in sexual activity in this story are over 18 years old. Any similarities between this story and real people are purely coincidental)

Please read Pt. 1-4 first to get caught up.

*****

Karen awoke to the sound of lawnmowers next door, a jarring start to the day. She stumbled out of bed and made her way down to the kitchen to make a pot of much-needed coffee. As it percolated she thought back to the previous night's events -- from an erotic encounter with the sexy MILF Mrs. Wilson, who ate her cunt and Amber's until they both had intense orgasms, to taking turns with Amber sucking Tom's big cock until his cum spurted into their mouths, the first time she'd really had sex with him after weeks of teasing. They'd had sex with Amber the previous night, but with little contact between them. She had wanted to lick and suck his bulging cock when it slipped out of Amber's cunt, slick with her juices, but Amber had put it back inside her before she got her chance. 'Jesus, how I spent my summer,' thought Karen. What was next, she wondered.

Tom came down the stairs, his nose following the scent of coffee. He found Karen sitting at the table, nursing a cup. 

"Hiya, Karen. How are you?" he said with a smile. He had reason to be happy. He had broken the sexual ice with his step-sister last night. Even though he had had sex with Karen and Amber the other night, it wasn't until last night's blowjob with Amber that she had taken his penis into her mouth and swallowed his cum. When Amber left, he hoped she'd be into trying some new things, including letting him fuck her in the ass after fantasizing about it all week.

"I'm good, Tom, a bit sleepy. Fucking lawnmowers."

"Yeah, there oughta be a law. No lawnmowing until after noon, which is about now," he said with a laugh. "That was fun last night, wasn't it?"

"It was. The whole night was fun," Karen replied.

"Yeah, you had fun at Mrs. Wilson's?"

"Definitely, a lot of fun," she said, again thinking back to how she and Amber had turned Mrs. Wilson into their submissive suburban cunt-licking MILF slut.

Tom assumed that Karen and Amber had had another one of their lickathons at Mrs. Wilson's house. "What's up today for you and Amber?" 

"Not sure. I think Amber wants to do some shopping. How about you?"

"I need to hit the club and then a few guys from my high school team are going to work out on the football field, run some sprints and stuff. But let's party tonight. Amber's leaving in two days, and the parents get home tomorrow."

"Definitely, we'll have fun tonight," she said, staring at Tom's muscular upper body and the slight swell of his cock in his athletic shorts as he stood by the coffee maker.

Amber took a shower and then made her way downstairs, drawn by voices and the smell of coffee. She had woken up alone, Tom having left while she was still sleeping. She had lain in bed for awhile, thinking about her sexual adventures with Karen and Mrs. Wilson, and then with Tom, sharing his cock and cum with Karen. The thought of Tom's big cock made her cunt ache. She loved sucking it, but she didn't get to feel it slide inside her yesterday. Hopefully today, she thought, before getting out of bed. She only had two more days with him and with Karen, then it was 10 days with her parents and sister on a boring vacation. And then back to college.

"Hey guys," Amber said, strolling into the kitchen wearing just a t-shirt and a pink thong. After having sex together twice, she felt comfortable waltzing around their house in her underwear. No one minded. Tom stared at her sweet ass spilling out of her tiny thong and at her nipples pressing against her thin t-shirt.

"Hey, coffee's made," Karen said, also eyeing Amber's hot body.

"Hey Amber, I didn't want to wake you, so I snuck out of bed," Tom offered.

"No problem, though I missed you when I woke up," she replied, smiling. Indeed, she'd wanted him to be there, naked, his penis within reach of her hand and her mouth.

"I'll make it up to you," Tom said, smiling back.

"So, did you want to go shopping today?" Karen said, breaking up their annoying chatter.

"Yeah, I need a few things, and some stuff for school. You have better stores here than where I live. And more interesting stores. I've gotta go home in two days. Bummer. I'm having a lot fun here," she said with a laugh.

"Tom's gotta work out, so maybe we'll get in some pool time later," Karen said, thinking about a reprise of their cunt-licking afternoon of several days ago. 

Just then Karen's phone beeped, a text. She glanced at the phone. "Shit, it's Mrs. Wilson," she said excitedly. 

"What's it say?" Amber said quickly.

"It says, 'I'm sorry, Karen, but the kids will be with their father tonight so I don't need you to babysit.'"

"Hmmm, interesting," Amber said.

"What's interesting about that," Tom said, wondering what was going on with this Mrs. Wilson person. Amber had dropped hints last night, as had Karen a few minutes ago.

"Well..." Karen started. "Do you want to tell him, Amber?"

"Sure. And then we need to think about what you're going to say in response."

Amber told Tom about their adventure dominating Mrs. Wilson, from the orgasm she had while they sandwiched her to the orgasms she gave them while they took turns fucking her in the ass with her dildo. That she seemed totally into servicing them, eating their cunts and licking their assholes until they came in her mouth.

"Wow, that is so fucking hot," Tom said, offering his typical response to a new sexual situation. "So what do you think her text means? She doesn't want you to come over, or the coast is clear to come over?"

"Great question," Amber said. "I suppose it doesn't matter. We should tell her what we want. We told her last night we'd want her to eat us again and soon."

"Yeah, I think we tell her what we want and see what she says," Karen agreed.

"How's this sound," Karen said. "Good, Mrs. Wilson, because Amber and I are really horny and we need you to come over here and eat our cunts. They're really wet right now from thinking about last night. Be here at 7:00."

"That's really good," Amber said, getting wet at the thought of Mrs. Wilson eating her again. "How about adding, 'If you behave, maybe we'll lick your cunt and let you cum.'"

"I like that," Karen said. "And I'll also add 'Bring your dildos.'"

Amber and Tom looked over the message, sitting on Karen's phone, waiting for her to press send. 

"Should I send it?" Karen asked.

"Definitely," Amber said.

"Yeah, looks good," Tom said. "Where do I fit in tonight? Should you mention me?"

"No, not a good idea. We'll figure that out later," Amber said. She's separated from her husband, we think, so I'm not sure how she'll feel knowing there's a guy involved. Sorry, we'll have to see how it goes. But you can watch. And we'll take care of you later. OK?"

"Sure, I understand. Sounds hot, though," Tom said, getting hard at the prospect of watching Mrs. Wilson service Amber and Karen. Maybe Amber would blow him while Mrs. Wilson ate her cunt and Karen drilled Mrs. Wilson's ass with a dildo. His cock began to throb at the idea of all three women blowing him, something he'd seen watching one of the Garchex videos online.

Amber and Karen, too, found themselves getting turned on thinking about how Mrs. Wilson would please them tonight, how she would do anything they told her to. If she responded to the text.

"Ok, I'm going to send it," Karen said. "There, it's sent."

The three of them sat at the kitchen table, staring at Karen's phone, rereading her message to Mrs. Wilson -- "Good, Mrs. Wilson, because Amber and I are really horny and we need you to come over here and eat our cunts. They're really wet right now from thinking about last night. Bring your dildos. If you behave, maybe we'll lick your cunt and let you cum. Be here at 7:00."

It seemed like minutes before Karen's phone beeped and a short message appeared on her screen: "OK, I will be there at 7:00. I will behave."

"Jesus, that's hot," Tom said, excitedly. "She is totally going to do whatever you tell her to do."

"Yeah, and she is really hot for an older woman," Amber said, thinking about Mrs. Wilson's slim frame, her perky tits and soft round ass. And her talented tongue. 

"So hot," Karen said in agreement. "She is our hot submissive MILF slut. She'll do whatever we want."

"Should you respond?" Tom asked.

"No, that's good," Amber said. We just tell her once and she does it. Amber's cunt began to throb as she thought of what she would ask Mrs. Wilson to do to her. And maybe what she would do to Tom at the same time. She loved the idea of adding his big cock to the party. He could fuck her while Mrs. Wilson licked her clit. Or she could blow him while Mrs. Wilson licked her pussy. Or, she thought, they could fulfill her fantasy of getting all three holes stuffed with cock.

"Ok, let's go shopping Am. First, I'm going to take a shower. See you in a few," Karen said, heading upstairs. "We'll get lunch at the mall."

Tom followed Karen's ass as she walked to the stairs, his cock already hard from thinking about watching Amber, Karen, and hot Mrs. Wilson having sex together.

"Sounds good, Karen. Take your time, we have all day," Amber said, reaching under the table to massage Tom's erection.

As soon as Karen disappeared up the stairs Amber got on her knees, took Tom's penis out of his athletic shorts, and put it between her lips, sucking on the head first before slowly swallowing his shaft until half of his cock was stuffed inside her mouth. She stroked the bottom half of his thick meat while slurping the top half. Tom caressed her hair, watching his cock disappear into her warm, wet mouth. 

"Yeah, that feels good, Amber. Take me deep."

Amber swallowed several more inches of his cock, still stroking his shaft. She reached underneath her thong to slide a finger into her already wet cunt. She moaned, her mouth bulging with hard cock.

"Let's fuck. I want you inside me," Amber said, taking his engorged penis out of her mouth. "You're so big in the morning."

"Mmmm, that sounds good," Tom said, feeling like he would cum soon if she kept blowing him, his cock swollen and pulsating. 

Amber stood up, took off her thong, and lay on the kitchen table. Tom sat in his chair and spread Amber's legs, exposing her moist pink slit. He rubbed her clit with his thumb before leaning in and licking her inner lips. His tongue snaked inside her cunt, tasting her juices while he stroked her clit with his thumb. Amber moaned at the combination of his tongue thrusting inside her tight hole and his finger rubbing her sensitive clit.

"Fuck me now, Tom. I need your hard cock inside me," she said, groaning. Tom stood up and eased his throbbing cock inside her tight cunt, slowly penetrating her while continuing to rub her clit. With her ankles resting on his shoulders, he got every inch of his cock inside her juicy hole, filling it with his thick meat. He began to pound her cunt, pulling out all the way until only his head was inside her, then quickly sliding every inch back inside her. 

"That's it, Tom, fuck me hard. Fuck me with your big cock. That feels so good." Amber began rubbing her tits while Tom slammed his prick inside her, feeling an orgasm build deep inside her, his thumb hard on her clit and his cock ramming her cunt driving her crazy. 

Tom felt Amber's cunt begin squeezing his cock, pushing him over the edge. He began fucking her harder now, pistoning his cock into her tight warm hole. 

"I'm going to cum," he grunted as his cock began to spurt inside her grasping cunt. Amber started to cum when she felt his cum shoot inside her. "Fuccckkk, I'm going to cum, too. Don't stop, keep fucking me." She arched her back and her orgasm exploded, her cunt gripping his still spurting cock as it kept pounding her, part of his big load dribbling out of her slippery hole onto the kitchen floor.

Tom collapsed onto Amber, both of them breathless for a minute, before kissing her, his tongue meeting hers in a passionate post-fuck kiss.

"Jesus, that was hot," he said, still out of breath.

"So good. My cunt was so wet. I wanted to fuck you when I woke up," Amber said. 

They both heard the shower turn off and quickly cleaned up, Tom wiping up the cum that had dripped onto the floor. Tom ran upstairs to take a shower in his bathroom before Karen came downstairs while Amber used the downstairs bathroom to clean up. Amber didn't think Karen would care if she fucked her step-brother, after everything they had done together, but she liked the idea of keeping it a secret. And she didn't want Karen to get jealous. 

Karen got out of the shower and toweled off. She had played with herself in the shower, again sliding a finger into her ass while rubbing her pussy, thinking about what she wanted Mrs. Wilson to do to her tonight. Maybe she would tell Mrs. Wilson to slide her anal dildo into her ass while she licked her cunt. She was curious what that would feel like, to be fucked in the ass and eaten at the same time. 

She came downstairs to find Amber checking Instagram and Facebook, looking bored.

"Hungry, Am, want to get some lunch?" Karen said.

"Starving, girlfriend, let's go," she replied. "I'm looking forward to shopping with you."

***

Amber and Karen hit various stores in the mall to shop for school supplies and clothes after getting a quick lunch at the food court. They talked about what they should do with Mrs. Wilson when she got to Karen's house, and what they should do with Tom. They didn't think Mrs. Wilson would want another man involved. She was still married, and they didn't know what the deal was with her husband. And they definitely didn't want her to get turned off by Tom being there and just go home. So they decided to introduce him to Mrs. Wilson and give her the option of letting Tom watch them have sex or disappear. But they would make it clear that she didn't have to have sex with him. They would take care of him later in any case, like they did last night.

On the way home, Amber punched into her map app a store about 20 minutes away from the mall and told Karen she needed something for tonight's activities. 

"What do you need that the mall didn't have," Karen asked, not excited about spending more time on the road. They should be at the pool now, chilling with a beer in the sun. 

"Tonight, I want to fulfill my ultimate fantasy," Amber explained. "And I need something at this sex shop nearby."

"And what fantasy is that, you horny slut?" Karen asked with a laugh.

"I want a cock in all three holes, my mouth, my cunt, and my ass. I just think it would be fucking erotic, you know. And with Mrs. Wilson, you, and then Tom, we could do it."

"So, how would it work, this fantasy of yours?" Karen asked.

"I'm thinking you could fuck me in the ass with a dildo like the one Mrs. Wilson had. And then Mrs. Wilson could fuck my pussy with another dildo. And then I'd have Tom's cock to suck on. Jesus, that would be hot. Whaddya think? Hot, right?"

"Definitely hot. I'm game. So what do you need at the sex shop?"

"Not sure, I think a harness of some kind. And maybe that thin dildo Mrs. Wilson had in case she doesn't bring it."

"She better bring it or we'll have to spank her again," Karen said, laughing. "That was kind of fun, spanking her ass when she misbehaved."

"She really jumped when you smacked her. But she was a good girl after that," Amber said, also laughing.

"She is a good girl, a good submissive cunt-licking MILF mommyslut. I can't wait to dominate her again tonight."

They arrived at the sex shop Amber had found on her Google app and parked near the door. Walking in, they found a middle-aged woman with tattoos on her arms behind the counter, looking bored. There was no one else in the store at mid-day. The woman glanced at them and then went back to her phone. Amber and Karen wandered around, checking out the different dildos, vibrators, restraints, DVDS, and anything else one could possibly need for their sexual adventure.

"Jesus, will you look at this stuff. Check out this huge dildo, Karen," Amber said, showing Karen a massive plastic cock. "Who could fit this inside them?"

"Hey, this looks like the dildo we used on Mrs. Wilson," Karen said, pointing to a thin flesh-colored dildo hanging on the wall. "I bet she got it here. Can you imagine her walking around this place by herself?" 

"That's it. I'll get that. Now I need a harness of some kind," Amber said, grabbing the dildo off the wall.

Amber found a strap-on harness that looked right for her new dildo and could expand to take a thicker one.

They took the two items over to the counter, interrupting the woman playing a game on her phone.

"Need anything else, girls?" the woman asked, leering at them. "Lube perhaps?"

"In fact, yes, I do need some," Amber said. 

The woman reached for a tube of "anal lube" on the shelf behind her and added it to the pile.

"Have fun, girls" the woman said, after they had paid.

"Lady, we are going to have a fucking blast," Amber said, laughing as she left the store.

Amber held the dildo and the strap-on harness as Karen drove home, thinking about how good it would feel to be stuffed full of cocks tonight. She wanted Karen to be the first one to fuck her in the ass. Tom's cock was too big, she thought, but maybe she would try it if it didn't hurt tonight and if she used plenty of lube. She could suck his cock, though, much better than sucking on some plastic dildo. 

They got home about four and lounged at the pool for an hour before Tom got home from his workout. They had a few beers and made dinner together, talking about the plan. They would be alone in the family room, on the couch while they talked with Mrs. Wilson, offering her a drink. Then Tom would walk in and say hello. And then they'd let Mrs. Wilson decide whether he could stay and watch, stay and join them, or go hang out in his room. Tom was cool about it, knowing that he would eventually get his reward if Mrs. Wilson didn't want her to be there. And of course he'd find a way to watch them have sex without Mrs. Wilson knowing he was there. They all took a shower after dinner and then hung out in the family room, smoking a joint and having another beer, waiting for the doorbell to ring and their fun to begin. Karen and Amber were wearing their skimpy outfits, their nipples pushing against the cotton fabric, their asses spilling out of their tight short shorts. 

They heard the doorbell right at 7:00. Mrs. Wilson was indeed behaving tonight. Tom disappeared while Karen went to answer the door. She opened it to find Mrs. Wilson standing there, wearing a tight sundress that barely covered her breasts, and holding her purse.

"Hello, Mrs. Wilson, welcome," Karen said, pulling her inside the house and kissing her hard on the mouth, her tongue probing inside her mouth while her hand slid under her dress to fondle her small tight ass. 

Karen led Mrs. Wilson to the family room, where Amber was lounging on the couch, now naked, her legs spread, her pink slit visibly moist.

"Hello Mrs. Wilson. It's good to see you," Amber said.

"It's good to see you both," Mrs. Wilson said, staring at Amber's wet cunt. "I'm happy to be here." 

"Would you like a glass of wine or a beer? We also have a joint if you like to smoke," Karen said.

Mrs. Wilson said a glass of wine would be nice. She sat down next to Amber, who began to kiss her hard on the mouth as Karen had, rubbing her breasts through her dress. No need for chit-chat, Amber thought, now that the hot Mrs. Wilson was right next to her.

Karen interrupted them with the glass of wine, handing it to Mrs. Wilson.

"Mrs. Wilson, I want to introduce you to my step-brother Tom. Tom, can you come here for a moment?"
