 It was Friday! I could hardly contain my excitement. When my cell rang, I knew who the caller was. "Hello," I answer with a smile. 

The deep sexy voice on the other end asks "Are you wet?" He, of course, already knows the answer.

Bill and I have been lovers for quite some time now. We are very comfortable with each other and very adventurous. We try to meet at least once a week. We enjoy ending the work week with a blast, as Bill likes to say. 

He had called a couple of days ago to suggest that a friend of his join us. Then yesterday he called to say that Jane might be able to join us as well. Jane has played with us before, and we have a super time. I had heard lots about Frank, but had yet to meet him.

They all arrived together at my apartment. Bill walks in and says hello with one of his great kisses. I just love to play with his lips and his tongue as we kiss slowly and thoroughly. Bill is very tall, over 6 ft, so I have to look around him at the other two. They are undressing as they kiss. I have never seen two people have sex before, or get ready for sex. It was very erotic watching them kiss, touch, get each other aroused.

Bill glances at them, and then back at me. He helps me undress and then after another deep, tongue dueling kiss I help him to shed his clothes. His body is so firm. My fingers caress his chest as I lean forward to lick his nipples. Nibble them a little.

I smile up at him as he undoes his pants. I bend over and as he pulls his boxers down, I catch his already hard cock in my mouth. I smile around his cock when I hear his moan of pleasure. I feel his fingers tangle in my hair, holding me, pulling me so that is cock goes deeper into my mouth. He likes to be deepthroated. Bill is over 50 and has given me a new appreciation for men in this age group.

I can't help but drop to me my knees and play with his cock for a bit. I enjoy licking the length of it, my tongue making slow, long licks up his shaft and over the tip. I know he enjoys his balls being played with, so my fingers gently cup and knead.

When Bill manages to get his clothes off, he says, "Come, meet Frank." As we join the other couple, they break apart and we exchange partners and hellos. I'm a little shy at meeting Frank for the first time, naked. I take in his overall appearance. He's in his late 40's. Very good shape, nice thick cock. Frank turns to me and proceeds to kiss me very slowly. As we break the kiss, I smile and say "Hi!" He says he's pleased to meet me.

Bill pulls me back into his embrace and he and Jane and I kiss before she moves over to join Frank. Bill suggests that we all get more comfortable on the bed. Bill pushes me over onto my back and spreads my legs. He chuckles knowing that I had planned to be first between his legs. I lie back to enjoy. My pussy has been wet all morning waiting for this. I involuntarily jerk as I feel his tongue slide between my pussy lips.

I lie back and arch my back. I look over to see Jane with Frank's cock in her mouth. His cock is not as long as Bill's but a little thicker. I try not to stare as I watch the scene before me. It's so exciting to watch another couple, up close beside you. Close enough to touch. So I do. I slowly extend my hand and caress Bill's chest, playing with his nipple.

Jane and I are mid forties women with a few curves. My breasts are a little bigger than hers. I have a more tanned look compared to her very pale skin. She reaches her hand over to caress my pussy lips and remarks that she's bringing a razor next time. I keep my pussy shaved smooth while she has fine red hair on hers.

After my first orgasm, Bill rises up to slide his cock into me. He has such a talented tongue. He knows how to use it. I moan slightly as I feel his cock enter me. He thrusts deeply, moans get a little louder. Bill has great stamina, he thrusts deeply for several minutes, and then withdraws to shallow thrusts. As Jane and Frank are changing positions, Bill tells me to get on my hands and knees. Jane and I both end up on our hands and knees facing each other. 

Bill gently pushes my head forward as he thrusts into me from behind. I look up to see Frank watching. Jane moves her face towards me and we kiss. I hear Frank saying how hot that is, as we deepen the kiss. I lick her tongue, sucking on it as we are pushed together from the men thrusting behind us. After a few minutes we stop kissing to enjoy the hard cocks sliding into us.

Frank moves around wanting me to suck his cock. I lick his cock clean of Jane's juices as Bill moves in front of Jane for her to lick his cock clean. We lick their cocks clean and suck them, playing with them. Frank's cock fills my mouth. As my tongue caress the length of it, I try to slide it all the way into my mouth. I stop when he reaches my throat. Then slowly take him in just a little further. He grunts as I feel his hands on my shoulders.

I hear Bill comment that I've never been with two men before. There is some shifting and Frank gently pushes me onto my back. He moves up so that his cock is at my mouth. As I happily take his cock into my mouth, I feel another cock sliding along my face. My hand grips Bills hard cock. 

He's smiling down at me, lying there with Frank's cock in my mouth. I switch to lick Bill's cock while I stroke Frank's. I jump and moan loudly as I feel a warm, wet tongue touch my pussy. It feels just wonderful to have my pussy licked while I play with two cocks. The way that Jane licks my pussy is so different from the men. She's so soft and gentle. It drives me absolutely crazy.

I lick and suck, stroke and play. The feeling of Jane's gentle, soft tongue on my pussy drives me crazy and I orgasm again. Jane takes a break while Frank moves down to slide his cock into my very wet pussy. As he slides in and out, I suck on Bill's cock while I play with his balls.

When Jane comes back, Bill motions for her to come and take care of his cock. Frank tells me that he's been waiting to taste my pussy. While he moves down to take care of my pussy, Bill leans over to kiss me. He asks me if I'm doing okay. Oh yeah! I'm doing great.

Frank has a very nice tongue. It's so exciting being with someone new, and watching Jane and Bill. Bill is watching me as I watch Jane sucking his cock. He reaches over and plays with my nipple with one hand, while he reaches around to caress Jane's nipple with the other hand. Watching these two, and with the excellent attention that my pussy is receiving from Frank, it isn't long before I orgasm all over his face. 

He keeps sucking and licking for a minute. When he looks up, I'm embarrassed by the wetness covering his face. He's soaked. He laughs and tells me how great it is, he loves that much pussy juice!

I take a break and watch, with much interest. Jane is riding Bill's cock. Frank moves over behind her. I soon hear her moans of pleasure. She's rocking on their cocks. At first they hold still and let her set the pace. Soon Frank is pushing into her. His head is thrown back he has a look of total ecstasy. Bill is smiling watching, enjoying the feeling of Jane riding his cock as Frank slides in and out of her ass.

When Jane says she's ready for a break, Bill motions for me to ride his cock. I slide over and with one leg thrown over him, I guide my pussy onto his cock. He's in my pussy from behind. Bill is very proud of his stamina. But at this moment, I just need to feel his big, hard cock explode inside of me. I tilt my pelvis and I fuck him hard. He moans that he's going to cum. I like it. I don't let up, and soon his climax leaves us breathless. He shouts as he cums and I squeeze my vaginal muscles tight around his cock.

Just as I think Bill and I will relax, Frank moves over to me. Bill slides over and holds Jane and they watch as Frank enters me. I look over to Jane masturbating. Frank tells me to roll over so he can enter me from behind and I can lick Jane's pussy.

As I spread her pussy lips apart, I see her clit is swollen. I rub my thumb over it and she gasps and shudders. Bill kisses Jane and plays with her nipples as I lick and suck her pussy. Frank is fucking me from behind. His thrusts push my face into Jane's pussy. With two fingers inside of her, I hear her moaning into Bill's mouth that she's going to cum. Frank is thrusting faster and faster inside of me.

Jane cums hard and pulls away. When she has an orgasm she can't stand more touching, not for a few moments after. As she pulls away, Frank pulls out and tells me to turn over. He is in my pussy again before I'm fully over. With his head thrown back, he thrusts hard and fast. He moans, and holds perfectly still. I feel the explosion inside of me, every ripple of his cock as he orgasms hard. I squeeze my muscles around his cock. I really enjoy the feel of a cock exploding inside of me, feeling every spurt of cum.

We all collapse with happy grins on our faces. Its been a most enjoyable afternoon. Jane is the first up and into the shower. As we shower and get dressed we promise to do this again very soon.

As we are leaving, Frank asks for my number. I know I'll be seeing him again soon.