 This is a work of fiction, a fantasy that may happen soon.

------------------------------------------------

It was my first time. I had met Janet online, being a young horny college kid, with some ideas in mind. I had never thought of the idea of being with a guy, but moving along the sexual chain, I figured as long as a woman was in the mix, it wasn't that bad. 

Janet was a 37 year old woman, long dirty blonde hair, green eyes, about 5 foot 6, large set of tits on her. She was a good deal older than me, 16 years to be exact. I had never really thought about being with an older woman but those tits on her did it for me. We talked for about 3 weeks before actually meeting up. In this time I found out she had a kid, who was a couple years older than me, she was also very hot. Janet had a fantasy of sucking a cock with another guy, and since I had the idea of being with a guy, I suggested we meet up and do just that.

It was a Friday night, we were meeting up at the other guy's house. She had mentioned his name was Kevin. As I walked up, 2 cars were in the drive way, as I rang the doorbell she answered. She was wearing some very sexy red chemise with a tight matching thong. Her breasts were swelling from the lingerie. She reached out and kissed me, and pulled me inside. She introduced Kevin and I, he had a well built physique, muscular, I was intimidated a little. They had been drinking, while I was sober, they handed me a Scotch and I downed it quickly. They handed me another as we went to the living room and sat on the couch.

Kevin was only wearing his boxer-briefs, so I as we sat, I dropped my drawers. Quickly I downed my second glass of scotch, as Janet began to rub Kevin's groin and my groin. We both became very stiff as Janet rubbed us and down, then she dropped in front of Kevin. She pulled down his briefs, and his massive 9 inch cock came flying out. I was astonished that I had decided that this would be my first time. He was huge, I mean I'm comfortable with the size of my 7 inch cock, but good grace this was massive! I was shocked, and Janet looked up and saw this on my face. She smiled as she began to lick his shaft. 

I had begun to stroke myself watching her getting him all wet, when I felt a strong hand on my head pull me in. I was on my knees in no time next to Janet, his cock inches from my face. My hand reached out, having never touched another man's cock I was intrigued. My hand reached the shaft, feeling his warmth under my hand, it began to stroke him. His cock throbbed under my hand, Janet was busy playing with his balls. Her red lipstick had left marks on the underside of his cock, which was now on my hands, I was so turned on! I leaned forward and my tongue licked him, I licked all around the head of his cock and then down his shaft to meet Janet at his balls, my hand speeding up the stroking as we mouthed his balls. Then I licked back up his cock to his head, and put it in my mouth. "Go on taste my big cock" I heard Kevin say. The warmth was even more intense in my mouth, my tongue swirling around his head. 

I began to push more of him in, when I felt some nails on the back of my head. Janet was playing with my hair as I sucked his cock down my throat, I didn't get very far the first couple times. As I pulled up for a breath of air, Janet took my spot. Showing me how to really suck a cock like Kevin's. Kevin was wrapped his hand in her hair and was pushing her down his thick shaft. She went about 3/4s of the way down, I heard her gag, Kevin moaned at the sound. Then she pushed herself down to the base, and she held herself there for a good 10 seconds, before slowly coming back up. 

"You're turn" she said as she guided me to his wet member. The head throbbed larger as I got nearer. I put him in my mouth, and Kevin moaned again. Inch by inch his hard cock pushed into my mouth. As his cock neared the back of my throat, I gagged a bit, I was only 5 inches down, how could Janet do it so easily? "Now I'm going to help you," her voice was so southing, and she leaned towards the cock and her hands were on my head. She slowly pushed me down his cock, I could feel him pulsing in my throat. Her lips were right next to mine as she licked him while pushing me down. I reached forward, my hand going to his balls as I played with them, her lips were goal. "Enjoy the feeling of this big cock in you, it's the best you'll have" Kevin let out. In no time at all, I had all 9 inches in my mouth. He was so big! My tongue pushed against his cock and I heard him moan. "Your tongue feels so great on my shaft" Then the hands pulled me up the shaft, but in no time at all I was slammed back down Gagging and fighting, but held well. I began to black out but was pulled off, gasping. 

"Trying to Kill me," I gasped, choking for air. "Only having some fun baby," Janet let out. As she plunged down on the cock, never had I felt so alive as I did after having that cock choke me. Kevin stood up, standing over both Janet and I. His cock looming over us, the length of our faces, Janet and I both went straight for it. Our mouths licking his cock, pre cum dripping from the head of it, we eagerly lapped it up and swapped it back and forth over the head of his cock. He moaned, so we continued to lick over the head of his cock, the pre cum kept oozing out onto our tongues. Our hands stroking up and down him, I took the lower half of his shaft, while she took the upper. Pounding up and down he began to shake, and we all knew what was coming. We eagerly lowered our mouthes and continued to stroke him, we waited for that sweet salty cum. He moaned, "Eat it up, my sexy little sluts" and gasped as he exploded, our mouths the target, hit but only about 2 bursts, he released more and more covering our faces. I felt the warm salty cum in my mouth, it was such a pleasant feeling of his cum around my mouth and up my face onto my forehead. I looked over and saw Janet had a similar situation, she was smiling as the cum dripped down her nose into her mouth. The cum had covered one of her eyes, she reached up and wiped it off her face, and putting the fingers into my mouth. I licked it off, and then Janet and I kissed. The cum still in our mouths and as our tongues swapped the warm load in our mouths. 

Then we looked up and showed him his cum and gulped it down. He smiled and then we were onto the next fun part of the night, Janet!