 The weekend couldn't come quick enough, it had seemed like a long week when you're looking forward to a Saturday afternoon summer party. 

We had arranged for friends and neighbours to come round for drinks and a BBQ, the summer weather seemed to be lasting forever and the weather report was a glorious weekend.

We have about half an acre of garden with a fantastic entertaining area between the kitchen and garages, the whole garden is fully secluded and has a pool, sun deck and hot tub, our kids have all left home and in our late 40's we are enjoying adult life.

Saturday lunchtime saw the gas burner lit on the BBQ, the drinks fridges in the garage were stocked up, the pool was a good temperature and music was playing.

Friends and neighbours started arriving and the afternoon was settling out to be a great party, people were changing into swimwear and using the pool and lying out on the deck. Everyone was enjoying themselves.

In the early evening although still very warm most of the neighbours had left leaving only two other couples Mark and Shellie, Tom and Julie and me and the wife, we were all very good friends and have known each other for quite a few years, I had worked with Shellie for a few years and had flirted with her on numerous occasions. 

With the drink flowing we were all flirting pretty well, the girls decided to go skinny dipping in the pool.

The guys cleared the BBQ away, tidied up and checked on the hot tub, all was looking good, our rule has always been no clothes in the tub, so the guys sorted and topped up all the drinks as the girls got out of the pool and came across to the tub, clothes were discarded everywhere as we all made our way into the warm water.

It was cosy in there with six of us all finding somewhere to lounge and lay out, with bubbles going it was difficult to see whose hand had just stroked across my thigh and was now cupping my balls, it wasn't my wife as she was talking with Julie across the other side of the tub. Shellie was sat next to me but she was leaning against Mark and was talking with him, I hoped it was her left hand that was squeezing my balls and rubbing under the shaft of my cock.

Suddenly the bubbles stopped as well as the conversation, the water went very still and clear with no bubbles, I quickly saw Shellie's hand moving away from me under the water, I was more surprised to see Shellie had her legs open and I could see Mark fingering her pussy.

I looked across at my wife asking her to start the bubbles again, I then turned round to get a few drinks from the shelf that ran along the outside of the hot tub, as I was facing the outside of the tub and kneeling on one of the deep lounge seats I felt Shellie's hand reach over and start stroking my cock. I stayed in this position as I passed the drinks around suddenly Shellie's hand stopped still gripping my hard cock she shuddered. I guess Mark had made her come.

Drinks all sorted I sank into my seat trying to hide my erection and then noticed how hard and erect Shellie's nipples were. She had great boobs, she was only about 5ft 5 and I guess she had 38 F boobs. I had seen them before at parties with her in very low cut dresses and I had got a feel of them on a few occasions but here they were now right next to me floating in the water with very erect nipples.

After 15 to 20 minutes of hands playing around under the water my wife needed to get out for a wee as did Tom and Julie so we all shifted round in the seats to let them out, sliding round Shellie was a bit quicker than me and ended up sat on my lap with my still erect cock pushing at the lips of her pussy that Mark had been stroking and playing with. A nudge from Mark trying to push Shellie round further made her slide down on my cock as it nudged its way inside her pussy making Shellie gasp and moan.

We stayed in this position while the others got out leaving me Mark and Shellie still in the hot tub. With the other three walking to the house Mark stood up and I saw he too had an erect cock, it was inches from Shellie's face, she reached round and grabbed his arse pulling him closer and took his cock deep in her mouth.

She started moving about in the water riding my cock while sucking off her husband, Mark soon realised that I couldn't move and saw that my cock was in his wife's pussy, pulling her up so I could get behind her, she floated nicely in the warm water as Mark started fucking her mouth and I was fucking her pussy doggie style, I raised my hand to my mouth and wet my thumb before gently nudging it into Shellie's tight ass, it didn't take long for her to start shaking violently as she orgasmed. Mark reached out for her erect nipples and giving them a hard squeeze he unloaded his sperm into her mouth with a grunt, sending me over the edge and unloading my sperm deep into her pussy. She swallowed everything that Mark had given her and I grabbed my tee shirt so she could clean up.

It was getting dark now and we suggested we should get out and take ourselves back to the house and meet up with the others, we closed up the hot tub collected glasses, drinks and clothes and walked back to the house.

Getting back to the house Tom, Julie and my wife were in the kitchen sorting out a few snacks but still naked, I made my excuses saying I was going for a shower in our en suite leaving the main bathroom for anyone else to shower. I was in the shower soaping up when I heard the door open behind me and someone slipping into the shower, thinking it was my wife I turned round to see the smaller boobs of Julie, she went straight down on her knees and started sucking my cock bringing it back to life very quickly, with soap running down my body from the shower gel, she grabbed some of the suds and started fingering my arse, it didn't take long before she had her middle finger buried full depth inside my arse fingering me as she still sucked my cock, that was too much and I could feel myself starting to come. With a shudder and groan for the second time this evening I was cumming, this time it was Julie's mouth that had made me come. We quickly cleaned up showered and then returned to the others. 

Drinks had been flowing quite well and Shellie was now sitting on a sofa with my wife and they were kissing and feeling each others boobs, sucking on my wife's nipple, Shellie slid her hand down to feel my wife's shaven pussy and as she was rubbing between my wife's pussy lips I could see she was wet and horny already, 

Julie who came down a couple of minutes after me did not want to miss out so she sat with the girls and started sucking Shellie's nipples, with all this going on Tom and Mark were sporting very nice growing cocks so the three of us decided we were going to wank and cum all over the ladies while they were enjoying each other, watching the three ladies with hands and tongues everywhere it didn't take too long for Tom and Mark to start cumming, they emptied themselves mostly over the large boobs of Shellie, with them finished the other ladies quickly moved round and started cleaning Shellie's boobs licking all the cum off, when Shellie was clean the two ladies turned to the cocks nearest to them and sucked them clean.

Seeing my wife sucking Marks cock clean started that familiar feeling in my groin where for the third time this evening I was going to cum yet again, very quickly Shellie turned round and opened her mouth as I started cumming, she swallowed my third load and licked my cock clean.

All feeling tired we disappeared into bed looking forward to what the morning showers and breakfast would bring in the morning

That could be another story if you like what I have written so far.