 Hello Literotica,

My first group sexperience

1.We had moved to the city where our dear friend Mr V and his wife lived. I had written about them and our first experience sometime back and it was them who go it us into our first group. We had been having sex with the couple for about 6 months and had had about six or seven sessions together. We have had a nice time with these guys and again it turned out to be real good. Mr V is a well to do businessman and he has quite a few friends with whom he swaps partners and we happened to be invited to one such party.

2.Mr V by now knows that when I am hot I can do a real sexy striptease, which gets me even hotter for the screw session. He also known that when I am not so hot he can simply make some excuse to pull my skirt up and spank my ass in front of my hubby and it straight away gets my juices flowing. Thereafter I need no more playing and I am ready for a hot and a hard fuck, it is also known to him that I prefer to be laid over the lap, then my skirt to be pulled up, called dirty names and then spanked by his palm or a paddle, that’s what gets me hottest. He never misses a chance to spank me and every time we meet he tells me how much he would love to spank me again. The sound of the paddle and the sharp shot of pain gets my pulse rolling and I loose control of myself, after this stuff I am ready for almost everything and he loves to screw me then. 

3.Last Sunday when we were about to leave his place after a six-hour long session, and I was still looking at myself in the mirror to see the marks of the whip on my ass, he came in the room and started to chat with me. My hubby and his wife Mrs V were sitting in the drawing room. He loved to see her in the nude so she was still so. Suddenly Mr V said that he was planning to introduce us to some friends of his and if I were ready then he would go ahead and set up a session with them. He talked of two couples and some girls and guys with whom he had his wife were having some good time. I was initially a bit apprehensive about it but he was very adamant and kept saying that he would convince Prakash for it. He also assured to me that these were nice guys and I need not be afraid of them in any way. I did not say anything and soon it was time for us to leave. The next day was a very busy day for Prakash so we left straight for our home and slept.

4.That full day I could not hold myself and kept on thinking about the offer made by Mr V and was very horny, as it had been a long time fantasy of mine to be made to strip for a group of guys and then to be taken by each one of them. Twice I had to strip and lay on the bed with my ol’ faithful vib to relieve myself. I was a bit surprised at the intensity of orgasms I was having, as it was telling me that I must not miss this golden chance to live out my fantasy. When Prakash came home I was so horny that I asked him to come in the bedroom and I nearly raped him. He did not ask me anything of Mr V’s proposal and so I thought that he did not know of it. I also did not bring it out to him thinking that it might not be pleasant for him to see his dear wife being used as a slut for 3 –4 guys. The next day when Prakash was in his office and I was again as horny as heel and relieving myself, when the phone rang, the first thought was to disconnect it and let my juices flow. But I was about to come so I kept using the vib. By the time I reached the phone it was quite late and I am sure the guy on the other side would have been frustrated. I was surprised to hear Mr V’s voice on the other side. He asked me what took me so long about the Saturday night decision, and me still being very hot I told him that I was seriously thinking about his proposal but had not yet reached on the decision. I continued fingering myself all this while, as I did not want to miss out on the orgasm, as I knew that I was about to cum. All of a sudden the tension build fast and I came, giving out a distinct mourn on the phone. I am dead sure that he would have recognised it, as he appeared to be very pleased thereafter and said ‘I take it as that you are ready for the evening and would be available for the party at my farmhouse.’ I was initially taken aback by his unilateral decision about us being ready for the orgy, but he managed to convince me saying that, the very fact that I am so horny about it means that I was ready, and then Prakash would be no problem. He also said that those guys were waiting to meet me and to have a chance to fuck me. Before I could say anything he kissed me on the phone and hung the receiver. I tried calling him up but his phone was now busy and I was sure that he was telling the others to be ready for the Saturday evening. After a little while I got through and told him that I had not spoken to Prakash about it and needed time to decide, his simple reply was that it was now my responsibility to do that as he had already invited his friends and I should not be late for presenting my striptease show.

5.I was sure that there I would be made to do the striptease, and then would be made to please his friends, especially in front of my hubby. My hubby would also enjoy watching me get fucked. We had often spoken in length about such a party, probably this was the chance I was waiting for. By the time Prakash came home, I was in two minds, on one side I was looking forward to the evening and was a lot excited about it, whereas on the other side I was afraid about what Prakash would think of his wife as a nympho and a sex hungry slut. Whenever I though of it as pure fun I got so excited that I could feel my juices wetting up my panty. When Prakash came over I was very apprehensive about getting this topic in our conversation and could not muster up the course to speak to him about it. It was not untill Thursday, when my hubby came home and asked me about what had I promised to Mr V for the Saturday evening. He said, ‘if he is planning to get you laid again, then tell him “yes”, as I would be going out for a fortnight after Monday.’ He probable did not know what was being planned, and he asked me to ring up Mr V and confirm to him about our availability. I did as I was told and I could make out that Mr V was very pleased at my decision, he added that I must bring all my accessories including those heavy-duty cuffs and the sexy striptease outfit, and he would love to present me to his friends. After that, I gave the phone to hubby, and they kept chatting for some time. I don’t know if Prakash was ever told about what Mr V had planed for me, and I did not ask him much about it. All he knew was that some of Mr V’s friends would be there and I must be at my sexiest best.

6.I was eager to know the plot of the evening but when I asked Prakash he said he did not know anything and it did not bother him till he could get Mrs V to suck his cock. I was also unaware of most of the things so I rang up Mr V to check about the plan. I was told that all I have to do is look at my sluttiest best and do a sexy striptease. It should be hot enough to get all the guys making a beeline for my holes, and I would be required to please them all. He also said that it was important that I please them all as one of them was his business partner and he loved to experiment new things in sex, and I was the best bet he had for such a guy. He also added that I should be ready for all possible things. This had me in a but of a doubt about what he actually wanted, it was now sure that he did want his business partner to be pleased well, and so I decided to give him a damn good time.

7.Very soon Saturday night arrived and I was getting ready for the evening. I collected my cuffs, ankle cuffs, leather collar (with slut written on it in silver), and the collection of whips, paddles and clamps in a bag. In the evening as I was getting ready I was told to wear a very short red skirt with a matching tie down backless blouse. To add to it I was also told to put on a real loud makeup with a bright red lipstick, nail enamel and my 5-inch heel knee high black boots. I also wore the black leather thongs, the skirt was so short that whenever I would bend over it would ride up enough to give a glimpse of the shining black leather hiding my now shaved wet pussy. I was already getting a little wet due to the anticipation of what would happen in the evening. I looked at myself in the mirror and was quite pleased by myself, soon Prakash was also ready and he looked at me from head to toe and gave me an approving smile and said ‘come on lets go my lil whore’. In fact he loves to see me dress up like a whore and said that if were a real one, he would pay his one-month salary to get me in his bed for a night. I smiled and got out of the house towards the car. The next stop would be out customary cigarette shop where I was supposed to go alone and buy a pack of cigarettes. Though we did not smoke, we had carefully chosen this shop is it was one of the upmarket places and was visited by wealthy guys, and each time I would be there, I would be greeted with dirty complements from these guys and some would even try to paw on me. The sight of these guys lusting for my body always ignited something inside me and I would start to get wet. This was one way Prakash would get me ready for the party, and to remind me that I was just his dirty lil whore. He would actually call me as ‘Tina the Slut’ on such occasions.

8.As we reached the venue, we were greeted by Mr and Mrs V. Mr V was quick to comment on me saying that I was looking like a good high-class whore and it would definitely please his guests. His wife too was looking good in her short black dress and high heels. Soon the guests started to arrive and we were introduced to them. One of them was a real handsome guy who straightaway picked up a conversation with me and started to spin his web of charm around me. When I asked Mr V to introduce them to me I was told that for the party I was to act as a real slut and so was not required to know anyone of them. I took it as a signal that I was basically there to please his guests and the rest was simply for the façade. Meanwhile Prakash was busy with Mrs V and her two lovely friends. Now I got down to work and was asked to serve the drinks to all. I took this chance to arouse the guys by bending over and showing off my size 35D breasts to the guy being served and my shapely ass to the guys behind me. When I got to this sexy hunk whom I presumed to be his chief guest I bent a little more and thrusted my breasts out so as to give him a better view of my milky white globes. He picked up his glass of whiskey and looking in my eyes, he touched the cold glass to my right breast, and said ‘chears – to your lovely breasts’, I was amused by his frankness and was indeed happy that he acknowledged my efforts to make him happy. When I was serving the guy opposite to him I again bend forward but this time I jutted my ass out to him, expectantly he pushed his hand between my legs pulling up the skirt to finger my pussy over the thongs. I was sure that I was exciting this guy like mad. As the time passed of we got to know each other better and soon the guys were pinching and pawing at all the girls (ladies), and we sure were enjoying all this. I could see Prakash sitting and sipping his beer with a young looking sexy lady sitting on his lap. I was still serving drinks and sitting on the laps of most guys when I was not doing so. This smart guy was Sanjeev and he had me sitting on his lap for most of the time. He land were exploring all over my breasts and bums, he then asked me what I had underneath the skirt. I told him to go and check. To this I was made to stand on the table and he sat under me on a chair and lifted my skirt to see what I was wearing. ‘Oh that’s the first bitch I have seen wearing a leather panty, God it will be fun to fuck you.’ He said. Then he asked me what I was hiding in there, to which I asked him to go and check himself and not ask stupid questions. This probably ignited his desire further and he then pushed my legs apart, slipping his hands inside my thongs and then his one finger went deep inside my wet shaved pussy. I heard him announce, ‘ hey you all there this slut is shaved and wet already’. I was a little embarrassed at this and felt as if I was his fucktoy. Nevertheless I stood there with my legs spread apart as he tried to push in one more finger of his inside and twisted it a few times as if trying to wet it well with my juices. Then he as if ordered me down and made me sit on his lap, offering me his wet fingers to suck. He made me like them clean of my juices and exclaimed that I was a sexy young slut and the kind of gal he would love to fuck.

10.By now most guys were holding their drinks and I was now allowed to go and pick up my glass of Gin. All this while I saw Sanjeev eying me as if he would fuck me then and there. Mrs V came to me and told me that he was indeed the guy whom they wanted me to serve. I knew it and I was ready for it. The other ladies by now were getting pawed by the men, Prakash was enjoying the lovely young thing on his lap and his hands probing inside her skirt, he gave me a smile which told me that he was enjoying it very much. After another round of drinks Mr V asked me to put on the music, I got up and put on the famous Brian Adams number ‘I wanna be your underwear’ for all to get a little hot before which the music for my striptease would be played. Sanjeev called me to him and gave me a deep wet kiss simultaneously pinching my nipples through the skimpy blouse. I was getting hornier by the minute but I had to wait or else I would mess up the show, God it was difficult to hold myself now and I was pressing at the big bulge in front of Sanjeev’s pant. Soon Mr V announced that I would be doing a show for all of us and I was told to go on the makeshift stage. As the music changed I started to gyrate with it doing sexy suggestive movements. The atmosphere was getting heated up and I was drawing dirty comments from all including my hubby Prakash. I looked at Sanjeev in his eyes and with a jerk I pulled of my top exposing my bare white breasts for everyone. Sanjeev came forward and picked it up and pinched both my nipples real hard, making me give out a deep cry in pain. I loved his gesture and kept dancing in front of him, soon it was the turn of my skirt and that was pulled of by Prakash, he threw it out of the window and announced that his lil slut was available for all to fuck. This was the part, which gave me a strong feeling of being humiliated and abused, but I knew that also made me look like a bitch in heat. I kept dancing there in my leather thongs and the boots, then I went down towards Sanjeev and knelt down in front of him, saying ‘ Sanjeev please take off my panty and treat me like a whore….’ Sanjeev wasted no time and soon my panty lay next to the doorway, exposing me in full glory in front of the whole gathering. Soon the other ladies too were loosing their clothes and I could see Prakash licking on the nipples of his girl, as Sanjeev sat me on his lap and made me play with his now hard cock as me pinched and pulled on my nipples. I must tell you that this guy was rough and he ensured that whatever he did, it sent a sting of pain down my body. 

11.Next was then made to go down and suck his fully erect member, which was not very fat, but was quite long, close to 8 inches. Mr V’s was probable the biggest and the thickest cock I would ever come across and it did make sure that I kept going to him for the fuck sessions. As I was busy sucking Sanjeev, I heard Mr V announce that the slut would be sucking everyone dry before we get down to fucking other girls. Soon Sanjeev was moaning and grunting loudly and I knew that he was about to cum. He shot in a massive load down my throat, I tried my best to swallow it all but a little of it escaped my mouth and dripped along my chin. I was asked to go lick it all up and the made to go and fetch the bag of goodies, which I had brought with me. Mr V called me over and made me kneel down next to his feet and the collar with SLUT written on it was put on me. He then attached a long chain to it and passed it to the next guy. The guy pulled me with a jerk and shoved his already erect cock deep in my mouth. I sucked him off and then I was passed on to the next guy to do the same. Then it was Mr V’s chance to cum in my mouth and in the end it was Prakash. With all four guys cum dripping from my mouth and falling all over my face and breasts, the chain was handed over to Sanjeev. He picked up a spoon and collected all of it in the spoon before pushing it back in my mouth to clean it. I was made to drink all the guys without any wastage. 

12.Mr V again called me and made me kneel down in front of him telling me that as I was unable to swallow the cum of each of the guys without letting it drip of my mouth, I had violated the rules and was due for a little punishment. I knew what was coming and I hated to be spanked out there in front of all those guys. He pulled on the chain and put me over his lap, spanking me hard with his palm about 10 times. My ass started to pain and was probably quite red now. Prakash was watching all this and he too was enjoying seeing me being humiliated, he loved it very much….he then asked Mr V to teach me a good lesson so that I do not do this mistake again and for that he must use the paddle on me. I knew that it would get Mr V more hot and he would indeed show me no mercy, soon his hand was replaced with a stiff paddle and WACK.. The first crack had me shouting for mercy and my hands went on to save me ass from further strokes. Prakash came up behind me and I thought that he would caress my ass and relive the pain for me or save me from the spanking, but to my surprise he took my hands together and put the heavy duty cuffs on them. I was now helpless and could not do nothing other that receive the spanking which was due to me. Mr V told me that I had 9 more wacks to go and he continued to spank me, as I endured the pain and humiliation. I was then pushed off the lap and the chain was passed off to Sanjeev, he made be bend over and he inspected my ass, which was quite red and bore cuts made by the paddle.

13.Soon everyone parted ways and went off to their respective rooms and I was left there with Sanjeev, with my hands still in those cuffs. ‘Wow where did Mr V manage to find such a good whore for me’ I heard him say and he picked up the paddle. ‘Well I have never spanked a slut till now and I must not loose the chance’, he said. With that the paddle landed on my ass again and it had me reeling under its effect. Snajeev enjoyed it a lot and he smiled at me saying, ‘what a good slut you are, I n\must spank you again.’ I tried to save myself but he was quite strong and he hit me again and again. It must have been another 10 –12 wacks when Mr V came to my rescue and asked him to hand over the paddle. I was released and taken into a room by Sanjeev for the fuck session. Meanwhile I could hear Mr V shout on some girl who was supposed to have come but had come in late, he was telling her that she must prepare for a good spanking and she would be tied up for that. I was glad that I was not the only one who was to have been spanked that day.. Soon I hared cries of some woman in pain due to the spanking, I could make out that she was being spanked quite hard and there I felt pity for her as I knew what spanking meant to a girl. I detached myself from the cries and concentrated on pleasing Sanjeev. He had me sprawled over the bed before he entered my now dripping pussy and he was so horny that he pumped like a big steam engine going on at full steam. I was turned over in a doggie position and the flat on my back with my legs pulled high up in the air, but he refused to come. Meanwhile I was in the seventh heaven and soon I was convulsing. It was well over 15 minutes that I came again and he shot his full load deep inside my pussy. 
