 The following is an account of a real event that I found myself involved in about 1985 while single and living in Northeastern Ohio. I was working as a nurse so it was always difficult to meet guys. I'd tried the bar scene before. That provided me with some "entertainment" if you will, but all those guys seemed to want was a woman to satisfy their "needs" and nothing more. That may be OK for a while, but I was searching for something longer lasting than a night in their bed. I didn't go to a church, so meeting guys there was a nonstarter. I'd gone out with guys I knew from school, from friends of friends and even a relative of a patient I took care of. Doctors doing their Residency were another easy option that I had explored, but nothing ever seemed to last from those relationships.

For example, there was a doctor that I had dated who was "getting divorced" from his wife ——but never did. 

Great. 

Another two Residents were good for one night stands, but nothing more. 

And there wasn't an internet option back then if you'll recall. 

So I went to a party that friends of mine at the hospital suggested I go to just to see if there would be anyone I could meet up with. 

A change of scenery if you will. That was fine by me as I was getting bored with my current situation. Sure, there was a guy I could call up, and if he was not doing anything else he would fuck my brains out over the weekend. That was at least fun. 

There was also a guy I was "involved " with too—- a long distance relationship- but he was in California and given our respective work schedules, didn't get to see each other all that often. That really wasn't satisfactory for me either either. 

So I went to the party. It was at a large private house in the town I lived in. 

The party was just getting going when I arrived. 

There were lots of people, most of whom I didn't know. 

Many single guys were there and I moved about the living room and kitchen talking with several of them. I had had a couple of mixed drinks and was enjoying all of the attention I was being shown from the numerous men at this event, but began to feel unusually tired. Instinctively I looked for a place to rest, and found an empty back bedroom. I moved some of the coats that had been placed on the bed and lay down on my back. 

A thought occurred to me that perhaps someone had slipped something into my drink, but by that point, I just didn't care and really felt that I needed to rest. 

I don't know how long I was there, but I had fallen asleep. 

I began "coming to" feeling very groggy but also feeling fingers sliding up my skirt and over my panties. I lay there mute, still trying to get my bearings and figure out where I was. The fingers pulled back the leg of my panties and began rubbing my clit. I guess I was already moist from what I heard a male voice say. The fingers began probing deeper into me and I felt my body began to react to this by pushing back on those fingers. Before I could really comprehend what's happening, my skirt had been pulled up over my waist and a guy was pushing his hard cock into my pussy, moving aside my panties. I went to scream out "stop" but as I opened my mouth to do this, another hard cock pushed into my mouth. I was stunned and confused by all of this, but the two men kept stroking their cocks into my mouth and pussy, forming a rhythm of sorts. I didn't know what to do and soon, my body just took over. I began pushing my hips up to meet the one cock in my pussy while trying to not choke on the cock that was fucking my mouth and pushing into my throat. 

The cock in my cunt began pumping faster and more urgently and I knew he was about to cum in me. He hadn't even lasted long enough to get me really into it either! I couldn't feel that he was NOT wearing a condom, and I wasn't on the pill, so the little voice in the back of mind was screaming "No!" 

I couldn't scream due to the cock that was fucking my throat.

The guy in my pussy began a soft moan and I felt the contractions of his cock as he shot his cum into me. No sooner was he done cumming in me when the guy who had been fucking my throat pulled out of my mouth and made way down between my legs. 

He slide my panties completely off and then slipped his cock into my by now wet pussy too.

Now both of these guys weren't as well endowed as others that I had had in past, but that wasn't the issue here. I was getting fucked by another guy that I didn't even know! I didn't know their names and their faces were just a blur in my sleepy mind. 

As the second guy was fucking me hard and fast, I heard the first guy step out of the bedroom we were in and announce to everyone at the party that there was a horny women in there that was going to fuck anyone. This registered as a surprise to me, but I was still feeling drugged and therefore quite vulnerable.

Several more guys responded to his call and soon another cock was ramming itself down my throat.

It didn't take long for the second guy to cum in me — really without much warning. He just all of a sudden pushed his cock as deep as he could and I felt him vibrate and begin shooting several spurts of cum into me. 

The fellow that belonged to the new cock that had been fucking my mouth, flipped me over onto my hands and knees and pushed into my now very wet cunt. Two loads of cum can do that to you. 

He began slowly stroking his cock into me while using his right hand to massage my clit in a circular manner. His other hand began probing my asshole with one finger and then two fingers. He used some of the cum shot into my cunt from the first two guys that was dripping out of my pussy and beginning to run down my thighs to aid in lubricating my ass. 

As he increased his speed, I felt myself closing in on my organism - the combination of his cock fucking me and his fingers rubbing. My clit and his finger/fingers in my ass pushed me over the edge and I came hard on his cock. 

I must have made some noise when I came because I heard voices noting this and confirming that I was enjoying myself...which I guess I was.

The man fucking me asked if I'd ever had my ass fucked -I said that I had - once. He asked me if I had liked that experience to which I replied that it wasn't that bad. 

A previous boyfriend that I had flown down to Texas to spend some time with had taken my ass as almost an afterthought following a wild weekend of sucking and fucking. Too bad for me that pushing into my tight ass caused him to cum again so quickly but before I could get off on what he was doing to me. He DID make the holy "Trifecta" by cumming in my mouth, my pussy and my ass all in the same day and I was grateful for all the cum that he gave me. But I digress.

With that, this guy pulled his cock out of my cunt and placed the head of it on my asshole. Again, I didn't know what to do. I was about to tell him to stop when another cock was thrust into my mouth. This was a very, very large cock and my jaws stretched in an attempt to just accommodate it, more or less unsuccessfully given that he was about as thick around as a coke can. I began to wonder what I had gotten myself into. Through watering eyes, I could see that this was a black cock - another new thing for me to experience. I actually didn't care about the color of the cock, but it was by far larger than anything that I had had in me or even near me before. Sure, I'd had a boyfriend that played a porn movie for me once, but I never thought that people like that actually just walked around for real, or that I would meet up with them! 

While my mind was occupied by trying to breathe around this monster cock in my mouth, the third guy entered my ass. 

He was gentle, getting just the head of his cock in me and waiting for my ass to adjust. He began by slowing pushing his cock into me, little by little. He wasn't the biggest cock I'd had, but not the smallest either and bigger than that of that old boyfriend that took my anal cherry the year before all of this down in Texas. After getting balls deep in my ass, he began to slowly pump into and out of my ass. I could feel his balls slapping against my wet pussy as he did this. 

The guy who was fucking my mouth announced he was going to cum in my mouth and then return later to cum in my pussy. Both got into a rhythm, first one cock pushing into my ass and forcing me forwards onto that giant cock in my mouth that seemed hell bent on getting all of that thing down my throat. 

I felt the cock in my mouth start to cum first -he grabbed my head and used my mouth like a cunt, spurting his load into my mouth. I swallowed all that I could, but still had cum dripping down my chin from the big load he shot into me. 

Hearing the guy cumming in my mouth sent the guy in my ass over the edge and I could feel his cock get bigger and harder and I began to feel that wonderful vibration that cocks do before cumming. 

I pushed hard back on his cock and came with him as he shot his cum into my ass. As my mouth was currently unoccupied, I probably made some noise with my orgasm. Not that loud, but probable a moan of pleasure escaped my lips that dripped cum from out of my mouth. I hoped that the sounds of the guy cumming in my ass and the other voices in the room would have downed out my sounds, but that didn't seem to be the case. 

My moans of pleasure got everyone's attention and they started calling me a cum slut - which I guess I was after getting 4 loads of cum into pussy, my ass and my mouth and having 2 orgasms from all of that so far. 

Seemed that the party was just getting started.

I heard other male voices in the room and before I could recover I had another cock forcing its way into my mouth. This was a well endowed fellow, but fortunately for me not as large as the guy that just came in my mouth. I tried to concentrate on what he was doing when another cock pushed into my already soaked pussy and began pounding away in me. He didn't last more than a couple of minutes before he was spurting his cum into me. This gave the guy in my mouth time to get really hard - I could just start to taste his precision - and come around behind me. 

As the last guy pulled out of my pussy, cum ran down my thighs onto the bed. The new guy took his place in my cunt, pounding away in my pussy for several minutes, before pulling out of my pussy and entering my ass. I guess that my ass must have been rather open after my recent ass fucking and my orgasms as he just pushed right in without me feeling any pain with that. 

He began pounding my ass for quite some time before he came deep inside me, shooting what felt like a ton of cum into me. 

As he pulled out of my ass with a pop, I felt more cum run out of my ass and onto the bed. The thought crossed my mind that someone was going to have a big mess to clean up after this!

Several new men moved around me - I was still on my hands and knees and all three had their hard cocks out for my attention. 

One pushed into my mouth while I stroked the other two with my hands. One of the guys whose cock I had my hands around rivaled the big black cook I had cum in my mouth earlier. He might have even been bigger but was just as black. And he was rock solid hard. It's always difficult to estimate the real size of a penis, especially in a situation like this, but the thought crossed my mind that me must be over 12 inches long and very thick and I was quietly wondering what I was going to do with this monster cock. He must have read my mind.

He told me that he was going to fuck my ass...the thought of this was frankly frightening to me. 

Leaving me with one cock in my mouth and another in my hand, he moved in behind me. I could feel his fingers first sliding into my cunt and then into my ass. He asked me to beg for him to fuck my ass and a managed a garbled "Hurmmm" with a cock pushing into and out of my mouth. He must have taken that for a "yes" and began lining up his massive cock on my asshole. I struggled to move away, but only succeeded in forcing the cock in my mouth deeper down my throat, causing me to gag. As I was gagging on the cock in my mouth, me pushed into my ass, driving it balls deep in one push. Pain...pleasure...pain...pleasure all merged for me. 

It took several minutes until the pain wasn't overpowering any pleasure from his assfucking of me. He kept asking me to beg him to fuck my ass. With a mouthful of cock that just wasn't happening. 

His assault on my ass continued.

That was when the fellow that belonged to that OTHER big black cock that had cum in my mouth announced to the room that he was going to fuck my cunt while I was getting ass fucked.

"FUCK NO" I thought. 

Between the two of them, they lifted me up and onto his cock, all the while, not missing more than a few stokes from the cock in my ass. I didn't think that there would be a chance in Hell I could accept BOTH of these monsters into me at the same time. But then again, I had never been double fucked before either —- yet another new experience for me. 

Let's just say that "full"was a good word for what I was feeling.

Over - Stuffed would be another way of saying this.

As they got their rhythm going, pushing into both of my holes, I began to cum on their cocks. Not silently, as was my typical orgasm, but with moans, shouts and even sobbing -all the while encouraging them to fuck me and cum in me. 

They made me say that I was a cum slut and wanted their cum.

They made me beg to have them cum in my ass and pussy.

Then they both began pounding both of my holes unmercifully.

I remember screaming, crying, begging, cumming and most everything else in between. 

They came pretty much at the same time, pushing into me and filling me with their cocks and their cum. I felt both cocks spasm and erupt into me. It felt like two firehoses shooting rivers of cum into both of my holes. 

I must have passed out from the pleasure - another new experience- because as I awoke, I was on my back with another cock in my pussy. 

I probably had another 3 or 4 guys fuck me after this, but it was pretty much a blur. I'm guessing that I had a total of about 12 different cocks cum into me that night, with several guys providing me with multiple loads of cum. By the end of the night, I had taken loads of cum in my mouth, my pussy and my ass. Dried cum was in my hair and on my neck. Cum ran out of my swollen, red pussy and out of my open raw asshole. 

When the room cleared, I gathered what I could find of my things.

My panties were missing so I'm guessing someone took them as a "souvenir ". My bra was missing...probably yet another souvenir for some one of that night. I found my dress on the floor and slipped this back on. It had cum stains on it. I found my coat in another room. Putting my coat on, I headed for the door, but not before passing several very attractive guys that thanked me for a great evening — pausing to kiss me deeply, their tongues snaking inside my previously cum filled mouth. I silently worried about having "cum breath" but this apparently wasn't an issue for these guys. Pleasantries behind, I left the house, got in my car and drove back to my apartment. 

Once home, I used all of their cum from my pussy and ass to rub my clit until I came again and again alone I my bed. I repeated this again upon awakening the next day. 

I never knew the names of those men that had cum into me that night, nor do I recall seeing any of them again. I still remember some of their faces and several of their cocks fondly, however. 

In thinking over that night with a more mature brain and I have essentially concluded that someone at that party drugged me by slipping something into one of the drinks that I had.

Who did this and why they picked me will never be known, I guess. 

While I've not repeated this kind of a gang bang since then ( although I HAVE had some similar experiences that were both planned and spontaneous) the remembrance of that night has been the center of many self stimulated orgasms and a story that constantly turns my husband on. 

For those negative type folks that might be wondering - no I didn't get pregnant from that night and I did NOT contract any STD's or any type from this, although I actually was concerned about that in the aftermath; I have repeatedly tested negative for all types of STD infections, including HPV (warts) and HSV ( herpes) 

So, there you have it.