 Whenever I feel like playing, I'll either use porn magazines, dvd's, or pictures. A new thing for me now is memories. My most fond memory, and the only thing I use now, was my first gangbang. Chris and I had often talked about this fantasy but it always had to remain a fantasy as the men in this fantasy were multiples of Chris, which could never become a reality and it was just impossible.

Chris was at work, and I had already decided that I wanted to have a lovely horny night, so got some Pimms in for me and some beers in for Chris. I decided to get a bath and start on the Pimms before Chris was due back. I won't go into details about what I did in the bath because it was only a very short bath, as I felt the tickle from the Pimms immediately, I had to get a few pictures off the internet to show Chris later that evening.

I will however describe the sexy underwear I was wearing because it did make me look so fuckable and I knew as soon as Chris saw me he'd start the naughty night instantly. The top was made of ivory soft lace making my boobs look like they would do in a wench top. There was a small black panel below the bust with a corset design on the front, with the same colour ivory ribbon running through the loops. I had a small skirt on that just covered my pussy and had a cheeky amount of my bum showing from behind. The skirt was made from the same soft lace with a black panel and the corset design on the hips. The tights I had on were very large hole, kind of fishnet stockings. I had my eyeliner and mascara on, and my hair was just the yummy naturally dried tousled look.

Chris finally arrived home and I had had about three glasses of Pimms already, my eyes were really sparkly and I was soaking wet already from collecting 15 on 1 pictures, and big cock, huge cumshots. Chris came into the living room and saw the plans I had set out, and he just came straight over to me and started to kiss me open mouthed, he started to stroke my body gently gliding his hands around my new top, I began stroking my hand along his thigh. The warmth of his hands through the lace on my boobs made me begin to dribble. It was the feeling I had been craving for all day.

He moved one of my legs over his and began to stroke his hand down from my boobs, down my belly, past my hips and then just held my pussy with his flat palm. I saw in his face that he was shocked to feel I had no knickers on and at just how wet I was. My leg brushed on his pants and I immediately felt his boiling hard cock pushing up under his pants. My eyes had become so fuzzy and all I wanted to do was talk complete filth to him about the fantasy I crave but is so far out of reach.

He whispers into my ear that he has a little surprise for me and that he'll be back in a second. My mind was running through all the possibilities of what this surprise could be, maybe a new toy, or a new dvd. I start to look back at all the 15 on 1 pictures I'd been collecting before Chris had got back, I slowly rub my finger up and down over my pussy, and I can push a finger straight up inside me as I'm soaking.

He comes back in the room with just his dressing gown on, and I see his dribbling hard cock, the helmet is shiny and purple, and the veins all over it look very pronounced. All I remember thinking was, he must have had some viagra which means tonight is going to be a gorgeous cum filled night. Little did expect to see another man walk through the door naked, and rock solid just like Chris, and then another and another and another. However, none of which I knew. It seemed like a never ending line of them, all with a varied size and shape cock, all of which had purple shiny helmets and pulsing veins all over them. I immediately stopped playing and what took me by surprise was I instantly became quite shy, but I still felt extremely horny because my pussy was dribbling more and more just looking around at all the cocks I had to play with. I'd always thought if this fantasy was to come true I'd be telling them all what I want to do.

Then Chris walked over to me and grabbed hold of my hand, gave it a kiss and said to me 'your fantasy will become real tonight' and he could see just how sparkly and wide smiled I was from all the Pimms I'd had. He could see I'd suddenly become shy but knew as soon as I feel the first cock inside me, all my inhibitions would be lost.

He sat down next to me, and pulled my leg over his again so we were in exactly the same place as before he had left the room. He undid the halter neck strap of the top, letting the fabric fall over my boobs revealing them to all the men in the room. He starts to finger me to make sure I'm wet enough, and also to show them my reaction to being fingered. He starts to suck on my nipple, and I feel like I'm in paradise all of a sudden.

The feeling of seeing, I counted twenty in total, so many men in front of me gently wanking their cocks, dribble pouring from them, from just the sight of me being fingered by Chris. I felt Chris's head move lower, gently licking my belly on the way down, he began to gradually lick in such a slow way, teasing me, to the point of wanting something anything inside. He pushes his fingers slowly in and out of me, but already I'm on the verge of cumming due to what I could see in front of me. Nineteen hard, dribbling, veiny cocks, all looking the way they do because of me and how much they all lust me.

Chris tells me to kneel on the floor in front of him, so I can lick his cock whilst showing off my gorgeous bum to the rest of him. I gently lick his balls moving my tongue up his cock to the tip and back down again. Chris told me after this night that from that shape he would point at one of them and tell him to come over to me and have a go. Although I hadn't known this at the time so I was shocked when I felt a cock slushing up and down over my clit. The feeling of the head was so gorgeous over my lips, I began to suck and lick Chris's cock, in an anticipation sort of way as I couldn't wait to feel what his cock was like. I began to move my hips back at the man behind me because all I needed was to feel a cock inside me. Chris had told him to push the head of his cock into me so slowly so I could feel every little bit of it. That's when my eyes started to roll and I felt myself squirt instantly around just the head of his cock and apparently Chris saw all their faces suddenly change to lusting me even more as they saw my juices squirt out of me. 

I could feel every little vein on his cock pushing slowly, deeply into my pussy, It finally kicked in that this was all a reality rather than just a dream of what I'd hope this fantasy to be like. Even though I was looking up into Chris's eyes coyly I began to lick his cock like I'd never licked it before, I became a slut with his cock, and I felt like it was the only thing I wanted to do all of a sudden. His cock was the most delicious thing in the world. I kept licking him all over and trying to flick my tongue over the spots that I knew make him on the verge of cumming instantly, all I wanted was for him to cum in my mouth.

The cock pushing in and out of my pussy was making me so dirty and I began to move my hips back into him as I wanted to feel it deeper inside me. Chris started to tell me that he was about to cum in my mouth, which made me thrust myself back on his cock harder and faster, I had to stop licking Chris's cock at the intensity of the feeling, I moaned and moaned, louder and louder around his cock, and in seconds I felt hot cum squirting into my mouth, falling out down my chin. Chris points to six of them and tells them to come over and start stroking my body.

The taste of the cum in my mouth, the feeling of the cock pushing in and out of me harder, faster, and deeper, and the sudden realisation of Chris's cock being still rock solid and even harder than it was even though he had just cum. The moans got louder and began to moan out 'fuck me harder and harder'. The hands all over me, grabbing under me to my boobs, the feeling of dribble hitting me from everywhere, made me squirt cum around the cock inside me and down my legs. The tight grip of my pussy around his cock causes him to squirt his hot cum into me and it also gets pushed out down my lips.

I had only had one cock in me so far, but I was so horny that I took control of the situation. I told Chris to sit in the chair opposite and I told all the others to stand in a line facing him. I crouched down in front of the second one in from the end, I took hold of the cocks on either side of me and ran my fingers along from the tips to the bases, and using their dribble I started to wank them, I licked the cock in front of me, sucking the head of his cock into my mouth gulping down as much of the dribble as I can, but there was so much that it was still spilling out of my mouth. Chris in a naughty hoarse voice told me to suck each of their cocks like they were the last cock I was ever going to suck.

As soon as he began talking, the sound of his voice like that, turned me on so much (and it really does make me go wild that voice) I began to suck the cock in front of me with such intensity. I brought the other two cocks in my hands and guided them to my mouth. I was licking from the tips of their cocks onto to the next. I told them I wanted them to cum in my mouth. I told them I wanted to taste just how horny they were.

I held all three cocks close together and tried to fit each of their heads into my mouth, the intensity and sensitivity of me sucking on all three heads at the same time, made all three cum simultaneously, their hands stroking my head and down onto my shoulders. Their hot, long jets of cum squirting into my mouth, the taste I'll never forget, there was so much of it that it poured down onto my tits.

I heard Chris say to me you naughty, naughty girl, making them cum instantly onto your tongue. I turned to look at him with an elated smile on my face, I was in heave. He has since spoken about this night and told me when I looked back at him I had big bright sparkly eyes, a big smile on my face, and the sight of the cum running down my face and down over my boobs was so sexy. I looked down at his cock in his hand, dribble running down over his fingers.

I did the same thing again to the next three in the line, and the next until I had done the same thing with all of them. As I reached the last one, I had purposely placed him at the end because he had a 12" cock, and it was really wide. I wanted to give this cock a bit of attention on its own. I laid down on the floor and told him to kneel by my face.

I told Chris to tell the rest of them what to do as I give this big cock some attention. He told them to fuck me one by one. Chris then came and knelt to the side of me, and started stroking in all the cum on me, using it like massage oil. I began to gently stroke his balls, feeling his dribble running from his swollen cock. I saw him watching what I was doing to the big cock in my mouth, squeezing my boobs lightly whenever the sight becomes more intense.

I could barely get the head of his cock into my mouth it was so big, my tongue flicking on the ligament bit. I could see the whole 12" cock pulsing as I was sucking on the head.

As soon as the first cock pushed inside me again, the groans from just how tight I am again, the dribble from Chris pouring onto my arm, the massive head in my mouth, I said to them 'I love cum, I want to taste it, I want it in me, and I want it all over me. At that instant Chris came onto my arm, some of it squirting onto my belly. He was in disbelief at just how horny I had become, hornier than any dream.

They took turns fucking my pussy, each of them feeling a virgin tight pussy each time, the still hot, thick sperm was pouring out of me. Some of them would pull out and squirt their hot spunk up my body, from my belly to my boobs, sometimes reaching my mouth. The cock in my mouth was so delicious it was annoying that it couldn't all fit in my mouth, but that annoyance was a massive turn on, being able to play with such a monster. I needed to feel just how big he was though. I told him to lay on the floor and I mounted him in reverse cowboy guiding his cock into my pussy, slowly sitting onto his cock. 

Chris moved from where he was and sat between my legs watching the massive head of his cock stretching my pussy really wide. I looked into Chris's eyes and he could see I was in pure euphoria and I'd only pushed down onto the head of the other cock. As I pushed down onto more of it, still holding the base, my eyes began to roll into the back of my head the moans falling out of my mouth.

Chris started telling me to take all of his cock inside me, he told me how gorgeous my pussy looked stretched by such a big beast like that. I was only half way down onto his cock, but then Chris lent forwards and began to lick, suck, bite, and kiss my neck, as he knows just how wild that makes me. It really does work because I sat down even more onto this monster the whole length of it pushing inside. The intensity of the feeling made me squirt cum around his cock, like I've never done before. I gripped onto Chris in front of me feeling his dribble on my belly, I held his head on my neck, screaming out in complete ecstasy. Looking at all the cocks round me being wanked, cum pouring out of them all but still staying rock hard.

This really beats any dream I'd ever had. I felt the monster inside me suddenly squirt his load into me, I've never felt such a pleasure as this massive, thick beast forcefully reaching up to push at the very top of my pulsing, soaking pussy, bursting huge ropes of semen which splash all over my insides, completely filling my womb in one spray inside me whilst our pelvic bones were still able to touch. I began to scream out 'give me two cocks at once, I need to feel two cocks inside my pussy'.

I laid back onto the one with the 12" cock inside me and tell everyone to fuck me whilst this beast is still inside me. When I did lay back Chris's eyes went sparkly all of a sudden, and all the rest of their eyes looked the same. It was because they could see the cum still pouring out of me even though I was so stretched it didn't look like anything would be able to squirt past. His cock was pulsing and they could all see my belly pushing up from the size of his cock inside me.

I ordered them to push their cocks inside me, but first I got Chris to dangle his cock into my mouth whilst he holds my legs open for them. The sight of the cock stretching my lips was making Chris's dribble pour nonstop into my mouth. He was shaking so much from just how gorgeous this whole situation was and how much it was making me squeal. He knew I'd be horny, but just how horny was a shock as it was so much more than either of us had thought possible.

The first cock pushed inside my pussy alongside the massive one, all eyes in absolute awe staring at my pussy as it stretches even wider and allows a monster cock and another cock. He pushed it slowly inside me, but the feeling was indescribable. Chris's cum began to pour into my mouth whilst it was hung over my face, he watched me gulping down his cum, his eyes going from looking at my face, my reactions, and then back to my cunt being stretched so widely.

I was constantly cumming squirting round each of them, keeping the monster cock inside me, whilst one after the other have a turn pushing their cocks into my pussy alongside the 12" cock.

I laid down on the floor and told the monster cock to kneel by my face so I can suck his cum, everyone else's cum, and my cum off his cock, making sure I lick all of it. I lick his huge balls his cock pulsing in front of my eyes.

I tell Chris that it's finally his turn to push his cock inside me, and I watch his face as he pushes it slowly into me, I can tell by his face as he pushes it slowly into me, I can tell by his look that it's tighter than it's ever been. His cock feels so big inside me, in a strange way bigger than the 12" cock that had been inside me.

I tell the others to wank over my body as I want to be covered in as much as they can give me at once. All hands stroking over my body, I quiver at the touch of all their hands.

Chris begins to squirt heavily into my pussy, so much so that it feels as though his is the first cock inside my pussy throughout the whole night. The others all begin to explode, squirting their thick warm cream all over my body. And then finally the cock in my mouth began pulsing and twitching, to release the biggest jets of the night so far, but as I'm feeling dead horny I quickly pull his huge cockhead to my mouth and actually manage to swallow all of it down, gulping mouthful after mouthful.

This was still however only the beginning of the night, it carried on until the early hours of the morning.

It really was one of the best if not the only best experience I'd ever had. Which is why it has now become one of the only things I love to cum over my fingers to, whilst I'm playing. It's an experience which will not be the last and I will get more and more filthy the next times I do it. I plan to stream it live across the internet next time, to see as many strangers as I can wank over me.