 I could not concentrate for the life of me today. I kept thinking about this mystery weekend that my husband planning for us that started tonight. He wouldn't tell me many of the details, other to say that we were bringing the toys and sexy lingerie, and that it would be a fantasy come true for both of us.

Frankly, I was horny as hell thinking about it.

Since I have a pretty active imagination, I was imagining all sorts of wonderfully kinky situations. This was the weekend of my 30th birthday, so I knew something big was in the works.

Maybe I would have an opportunity to be with another woman. Maybe we'd be videotaping ourselves.

Or maybe...

Damn, four more hours to deal with customers and straightening clothes before I could go out on this sure-to-be sexually charged weekend. 

"I'm going to straighten up the dressing rooms," I called to the other two associates out on the floor before heading into the dressing rooms. After a moment of gathering discarded clothes, I realized that I was alone, and no one would miss me for a few minutes if I wanted to, um, take care of myself.

I have never done anything like this before, and felt a thrill as I closed the door to the dressing room. I hiked up my skirt, sat down on the bench, and slipped my fingers under the edge of my panties, and felt the wetness on the hair around my lips. I was amazed how easily my fingers slipped inside me; I hadn't realized I was this turned on. I was so intent on slipping two of my fingers in and out of my dripping pussy while rubbing my clit that I didn't hear my coworker Alicia call my name, and didn't hear her knock on the door.

I did notice it when she walked in the room. I stopped in fear for a moment while she stared at me in surprise.

"I, um....I" I stammered. How do I explain this one?

Alicia smiled, "Having fun?" 

I inhaled sharply, and started to try to pull myself back together. 

She moved forward, closing (and locking, this time) the door behind her. "Need some help?"

I stopped, watched her.

She knelt on the floor. "It just seems that you're wearing a little too much clothing."

"I didn't feel like I had a lot of time to disrobe." I responded quietly.

She chuckled softly. "True, but you can remove these." Alicia reached up my legs, and tugged on my panties until I helped her pull them off of me. I realized I was shaking.

"Turn to face me." She commanded. I did so, and realized I could see myself in the mirror on the opposite wall.

"Open your legs." I again, followed her command, pulling my skirt up around my waist. I was shocked to find that the woman in the mirror who was naked from the waist down was me.

"Nervous?" Alicia asked, gently. I nodded. "Don't be. You're not the first one to use these rooms for this purpose."

I smiled shakily.

"Reach down and open your lips for me." She reached up and stroked the skin on the inside of my thigh.

I complied. 

"Pretty pretty." She whispered. "Show me what you were doing when I walked in on you."

I slipped two of my fingers back into my even wetter pussy, and began rubbing my clit with my thumb. I leaned my head back against the wall, and closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling of my smooth, drenched pussy walls around my fingers.

I opened my eyes at the sound of a zipper, and watched Alicia working her way out of her jeans while she kept a hand on my thigh. 

"Need help?" I asked her. She laughed, and used both of her hands to quickly take of her jeans and panties, and I saw her beautiful hairless public region. Alicia returned her hand to my thigh, sliding it up to brush the fine hair around my lips. I gasped.

Alicia looked up at me, "Is it ok if I touch you?"

I nodded. I was craving her touch. I was surprised, because prior to today, I never wanted any other person than my husband to touch me in a sexual way, but at this moment, I wanted nothing more than this woman to do a number of things to my pussy. 

"I like how soft your hair is." She commented, stroking the hair all around my pussy. I was having a difficult time breathing.

"I trim," I managed to get out, "but I've been too afraid to shave."

"Would you like to feel how smooth the skin is?" She asked. 

I nodded, trying not to seem too eager.

"Come sit on the floor with me." She commanded. I slipped down to the floor, and found myself leaning in to her pussy to study it. She was completely hairless. I reached out tentatively, and looked to her again to confirm it was okay.

"Go ahead." She encouraged.

I ran my fingertips down the smooth skin of her lips, and found myself wanting to run my tongue down them. Alicia leaned back her head and closed her eyes. I gently pulled her lips apart so that I could see her pussy closer, and ran my finger over her clit, hearing her moan. I reached down between my own legs and began rubbing my own clit feverishly trying to release the pressure that was building up. 

I leaned in close and was intoxicated by her scent.

"I want..."I stopped. "I want to taste you." I admitted softly, almost embarrassed.

Alicia exhaled loudly. "Oh, I was hoping you would say that. I've been wanting to taste you."

Since I was already between her legs, I leaned in, holding her lips open with my hands, and tasted her liquid. It was sweet, and I wanted more.

I heard her moan softly, and thought about what I liked when someone was going down on me. I moved my tongue against her clit while I pumped two of my fingers in her pussy. The walls of her were smooth and her muscles tensed around my fingers. I gently sucked her clit into my mouth and quickly flicked my tongue over it. In a matter of minutes, her body tensed, and muscles clenched around my fingers, and I heard her moan low as she came. I moved away, proud of myself for bringing her to Orgasm.

And I was so fucking turned on, looking at her glistenint lips. I pulled the two fingers I had in her and brought them up to my mouth, licking them and sucking her juices off of them. 

"You taste so good." I murmurred, leaning back down, this time wanting to lap up her juices directly from the source and wanting to feel those smooth muscles around my tongue. She cupped my face in her hands, stopping me before I could do so, though.

"My turn. I'm craving you." She smiled slyly as I sat up against the wall. She moved towards me, spreading my legs open. "You have such a pretty pussy." Alicia complimented me in a whisper as she ran her fingers over my lips, spreading them open.

My breath caught in my throat. "My husband says the same thing." I whispered.

She leaned in, so that I could feel her breath as she chuckled. "He's got good taste."

I felt her as she slid one, and then two fingers into me. "You're so wet." She commented. "I wonder if I could slip a third finger in..."

I gasped as I felt her fill me.

"You smell so good." I could feel her breath on my skin. I squirmed, wanting her mouth on me.

With as gentle as she had been until now, I didn't expect her to attack my clit with such fury, but she sucked and teased my clit with her tongue until I was on the brink of coming.

And then she stopped. I groaned in frustration.

She looked up at me from between my legs, removing her three fingers from my pussy and licking them off. "MMMmmm..." She smiled. "I want to taste you." 

Alicia leaned back in to my pussy, sticking her tongue deep inside, lapping up my fluids. Her thumb sought out my clit and rubbed in circles. I felt myself cresting into an orgasm, and started shaking.

Alicia quickly moved her three fingers back into my pussy, and sucked my clit back into her mouth. 

It was the most intense orgasm that I've had. Not thinking, I grabbed her head, pulling her into me while I felt wave after wave of pleasure hit me.

As I calmed down, I released her, and apologized for grabbing her that way.

She laughed. "Don't worry about it." She replied sitting up. "I enjoyed it."

"Me too." I replied. "What's Mari going to say?"

Alicia stood up, handed me my panties, and grabbed her jeans. "Don't worry about Mari; she understands these things."

I cocked my head in question at her.

"She walked in on me one time back here."

I opened my eyes in shock. "What happened?"

"Pretty much the same thing that happened with you and I."

"Oh." I was surprised. "So, she..."

"Let's just say that we have a code for when we need a ...moment." Alicia added. "You know how we say that we have to clean up something in the fitting rooms because someone spilled something?"

I thought for a moment. "Yeah."

"That's our signal."

I laughed. "I always wondered why you guys were always the unlucky ones to see that someone had spilled food or a soda back here and that never happened to me."

Alicia leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips. I could taste myself. "And if you ever need a hand..." Alicia said, cupping my mound through my skirt, "Just come ask one of us to help you clean it up."

I caught my breath. "I'm worried about ..." I let my voice trail.

"Your husband?"

I nodded.

"Well, talk to him. And maybe," Alicia smiled wickedly as she let go of me and finished straightening herself up, "he'd like to watch."

******

Mari and Alicia sent me home early to get ready for my surprise trip. I spent some time in the shower, carefully shaving my legs, underarms, and finally (and with Mari and Alicia's careful instructions), my pussy. As I ran it over the inner lips, I felt the razor sliding against my clit, turning me on all over again.

But I couldn't be distracted right now. I sighed, turned off the shower, stepped out to face myself in the mirror. 

I was self conscious about my body, because I wasn't a skinny little thing. I had curves; curves, admittedly, my husband Pete adored. I smiled as I ran my hands over my very large and natural breasts. The cleanly shaven skin was a surprise to me, and I ran my fingers over my lips while I watched myself in the mirror. I could feel myself start to get wet again. 

Pete was going to be so surprised tonight, I smiled wickedly, heading into the bedroom to dress and pack.

******

I thought I knew this area well, but I did not recognize the building we pulled up in front of. It was a relatively non-descript building, the entrance surrounded by a high rock wall. It was quiet out here. I sent Pete a questioning look as he parked the car, and he just responded with a smile.

"Trust me." He said.

I raised an eyebrow.

"Trust me." He repeated. "If you're uncomfortable, we can leave."

My curiosity was piqued, and I slid out of the car. He grabbed our bag from the trunk, and we walked into the very nicely decorated lobby. This was an obviously very expensive, very luxurious place. 

The woman behind the counter smiled warmly as we approached it. "Welcome to Escapada. Can I offer you some wine or water while we check you in?"

I glanced at Pete in surprise, before returning her warm smile. "I'd love some water. Thank you."

She handed me a miniature cold bottle of water, and turned to Pete. "Sir?"

"Water would be great. Thanks."

She handed him an identical bottle of water. "Last name?"

Pete answered her, and she quickly found the reservations. "Is this your first time here?"

We both nodded.

"Okay, great. Welcome. Patricia will be your guest services coordinator for your visit here, and she'll give you the tour and explain all the amenities. If you'd like to take a moment to look at our menu, I can have your dinner delivered to your room." She offered as she pushed a book across the counter to us. "I'll be back in a moment."

The menu was page after page of gourmet items. When the young lady returned, we gave her our orders, and I turned, feeling a presence behind me. Another young woman with a warm, bright smile extended her hand. 

"I'm Patricia. It's so nice to meet you and have you here as our guests."

We followed her out into the courtyard. I looked around, and there appeared to be several different large bungalows in the area, each having several doors to them. As we approached one door closer, I realized that they were pods of different rooms.

"There are 8 rooms that are attached with a central courtyard area. We've placed you into our 'Frisky couples' cottage." Patricia explained as she opened the door to one of the rooms.

The room was large with a table and two chairs placed by the front window. On it sat a bottle of our favorite wine chilling on ice and a place of assorted goodies. I smiled when I saw all the chocolate covered strawberries. Of f to the right was the door to the very large bathroom with a sunken tub. In front of us, taking up the back wall of the room was a huge bed. Behind the bed was a wall of vertical blinds. On one wall was a huge plasma screen tv. On a table by the bed there was a basket of what appeared to be brand new sex toys. 

Hmmmm.

I turned my attention back to Patricia, trying to pay attention to what she was saying.

"Your dinner will be delivered here shortly, however if you desire any other food items or need any other items, feel free to call us at the front desk. We also offer a catalog of toys and other novelties if you would like to purchase them. We can deliver those for you as well. The sheets are brand new, as we change them with each client who visits. There's a selection of toiletries and lubrication in the bathroom. We've stocked your room with your favorite wine, as indicated by you, Sir, and we have kept a few more bottles in stock in case you need more. Again, feel free to call us. We have a wide selection of movies to choose from, for many different tastes. There is also a channel showing what is going on in our 'free-for-all' room. If, by chance you're interested in checking out that room, it's located in the first building to the left of the reception area.

"You can also choose to put yourselves on camera in your room," she gestured towards the video equipment hidden near the tv that I hadn't noticed, "And you can watch other couples on various channels, if you wish. Within your cottage area, as there is with each cottage area, if you open up your blinds, you will look out over the 'courtyard area'. Feel free to watch the goings on or participate. If you see someone you'd like to invite to join you, please ask. Everything here happens voluntarily." Patricia smiled at me. "And if you don't feel comfortable with something, don't do it. It's completely okay."

I nodded. 

"Any questions?"

We both shook our heads.

"Okay then. If you have any, feel free to call us at the front desk."

I looked over at the video equipment, "Yeah, I don't think anyone would want me using that." I mumbled, thinking I was talking under my breath.

"Don't be so sure." Patricia replied. I looked up at her, and she smiled and winked. "I sure wouldn't mind." She answered suggestively as she closed the door behind her.

******

"So, what is this place? How did you find it? What's going on?" I threw the questions at Pete once we were alone.

"Okay, okay. It's a sex club, essentially. You've said that you would like to have people watching, and you'd like to try being with another woman. I thought maybe you could live out those fantasies, and it seemed like a classy joint." He answered. "Was I wrong?"

I ran my hand over the basket of sex toys. "No, you weren't wrong. I just..." I sighed. "I have something to tell you."

"That doesn't sound good."

"Well, I don't know how you'll react, but I don't think you'll be too upset." I replied. "At work today, I got frisky and went into one of the dressing rooms to get myself off." 

He sat down on the bed.

"Alicia caught me." I sighed, sat down next to him. "We ended up going down on each other."

His eyes opened wide. 

"Are you mad at me?"

He laughed. "No, I ...ah....no, I'm not mad." He leaned into me, and started kissing on my neck. "But I do want details."

I told him what happened, and there was some hot kissing and rubbing together until room service arrived, and we reluctantly pulled apart. 

After a romantic candlelit dinner, and setting our plates outside the door, I crawled up on the bed, and turned on the tv, flipping through the channels. Channel after channel of porn. I quickly found the "free-for-all" room channel, and the action appeared to be somewhat slow still. A few couples were exhibiting their wares, but it was still early.

"So, what's the deal here?" I asked.

"What do you mean?"

I nodded to the closed blinds.

"Crawl up there and look out." He suggested.

I hesitated. 

"No one's going to force you to do anything you don't want to do." He reminded me.

I crawled to the shades pulled them aside a bit to reveal two sliding doors that meet in the middle. I looked out into the courtyard area and saw that the area had a glass roof, but had benches and trees and flowers. It was a very pretty area, very relaxing. I looked around and saw that while a few of the rooms had their blinds drawn, most of them were open and the doors were thrown open. Some of the couples were just hanging out in the nude or other various stages of dress. In some ways, it seemed more like a nudist retreat than a sexual hideaway. 

I felt Pete crawl up next to me. "So," He murmured into my ear, "what do you want to do?"

I turned to look at him. "I think I'm going to slip into something a little more comfortable."

"Okay. Should I open the door?"

I hesitated. 

How often would I have this opportunity? 

I smiled, and nodded. 

In the bathroom, I pulled out the sheer royal blue thong and matching baby doll set from the bag that I had packed. The thong rubbed against my cleanly shaven lips in a way that almost made me moan. The material was light, and despite it's deep, rich color, it was sheer everything could be seen quite clearly. 

I hesitated by the door. I knew Pete would like it, but I essentially would be walking out in front of a bunch of strangers practically naked.

And then I thought, they're strangers. I'll probably never see them again, and truthfully, who cares what they think?

When I emerged from the bathroom, Pete was on the bed in his boxers, flipping through the channels on the tv, the door open behind him open. I could hear laughter out in the courtyard area. As I approached the bed, he stared at me and dropped the remote onto the bed. 

"You like?" I asked coyly.

"Come here." He answered with a smile. When I was close enough he pulled me towards him. I could feel his cock trying to break free of his boxers as I moved against him. Over his shoulder, in the courtyard, I noticed a couple involved in a 69 on a bench. Other couples were slowly becoming involved in each other as they watched the show as well. Pete, noticing my distraction, glanced over his shoulder and looked back at me. 

"What do you think?" He asked.

"I like." I responded with a smile, already feeling myself getting wet. He leaned back and led me to the edge of the bed so that we could watch the show. I noticed that all of the doors were open, and almost everyone was naked or getting close to it. I felt the bed shift, and looked over to see Pete pulling his boxers off and watching his 9 inch, thick cock spring free. From the room next to ours, a shapely brunette made her way over to us.

She smiled at Pete, and I felt a stab of fear that he would want to fuck her. Her body was beautiful.

"I was admiring your wife." She said to him as she was close enough. She looked at me, giving me an apraising look. 

I shyly tried to hide myself.

"I was wondering if I could see more of you." She explained to me. "As pretty as your lingerie is, I have a feeling your body is prettier."

Without thinking, I stood, and allowed her to pull the chemise off of my body, leaving me standing there in my sheer thong. She ran her hands down my breasts, holding them in her palms as if she were weighing them. "Just beautiful." She said, continuing to trail her fingers down under she hooked them around the strings on my thong, and pulled the thong down my body, leaning in to my pussy while she did so. 
