 "I have a surprise for you tonight," he says, while crunching the lettuce in his salad, a dot of ranch dressing clinging to the edge of his bottom lip. We're sitting across from one another at the dinner table and I watch the little white blob as it dances up and down as he speaks, wondering if I should tell him it's there, or just lean over and kiss it off myself.

"We're going out," he informs me, "Sorry it's short notice, but I just found out about it this afternoon. It's a get-together at a friend's house. It's casual, what you're wearing is fine," he says, gesturing with his fork towards the skirt and sweater that I had worn to work today.

It's Friday, it's been a long week, and I'm not sure I'm really in the mood to go out, but seeing that he's rather excited about the prospect, I smile. We haven't been living together for very long, and I've been looking forward to being introduced into his circle of friends. I stack the dishes, loading them into the dishwasher while he wipes the table. When we're finished, he turns and hugs me, pulling me close, kissing me while his hands roam my body. They move lower, drawing up my skirt until my panties are exposed. He slips them down. "You won't be needing these," he says softly, and I recognize that twinkle in his eyes. He has an agenda for tonight, this is no mundane gathering at a friend's house. I step out of the black lacy silk panties and he raises them to his face, breathing in the scent deeply.

"Stop that!" I laugh, snatching them away, and throwing them into the laundry room. "Let's go, you pervert!" 

Settled in the soft leather seats of the BMW, before he starts the engine, he ties a silk scarf around my eyes. My mouth opens, startled, but I say nothing, accustomed to his little surprises, knowing that wherever he's taking me, pantiless, I'm in for yet another erotic, special evening. I hear the engine noise as the car moves forward, and I settle back, relaxed, heart beating quickly in anticipation, wondering what he has in mind this time. I feel my skirt pulled up to above my waist, and his fingers slip down between my legs, caressing me intimately, and my legs part of their own accord, as they always seem to do when he's near. He strokes me, strokes my wetness, and I squirm in the seat, moaning softly, enjoying his touch, feeling myself growing warmer, tingling. The car turns sharply, however. I hear gravel crunch, and we stop. He tugs my skirt back down, in spite of my bereft protests.

"We're here."

"We're where?"

But he only chuckles softly. "I think we might be a little late, there are already a lot of cars here."

"Why? Where the heck are we, anyway? Do I know these people?"

"Shhhhhhhhhhhh...." 

He gets out of the car, and I feel the cool night air a second later as my door opens. He takes my hand, helps me out of the car, the blindfold still in place. I'm really apprehensive now. Besides, I want to relieve the throbbing between my legs by getting back in the car and fucking his brains out! But I feel his warm breath beside my ear.

"Trust me?"

"I always do."

"Then let's go inside."

I know better than to ask when I can take the blindfold off. I know it'll come off when he's ready for it to. He leads me up the walk, we pause, I hear a Westminster Chimes doorbell from deep inside the house, and, a few moments later, the soft whoosh of a door being opened. He exchanges greetings with whoever opened it and then introduces me. I extend my hand and feel it grasped firmly, and I am welcomed by a deep, male voice. The voice doesn't seem to notice that I'm blindfolded, or else he doesn't care, I guess blindfolded guests come to his door all the time. The voice tells us that "everyone" is downstairs and we are to make our way there whenever we wish. I hear some other voices in light conversation from what I assume is the kitchen, since I hear ice cubes noisily gathered from their container in the freezer and then clinking into glasses. I hear instrumental jazz music, muffled, as though it's coming from elsewhere in the house, which it is. He guides me across some carpeting, his right hand holding my right hand, his other hand secure in the small of my back.

"Step down, keep stepping, we're going down to the rec room in the basement. You're all right, I've got you." The music is getting louder, and we reach the bottom step. It's a bit chilly, the air conditioner seems to be blasting on high, but yet, I feel an odd warmth in the air. I realize I hear some unusual sounds. Sort of human sounds, but no words, no talking. I hear a couple people call out a hello, and he returns their greeting. So, there are real people down here. His hand at the back of my head slips the blindfold off. I blink in the dim lighting...and blink again...and as my eyes grow accustomed to the light, my mouth drops open.

"Oh. My God." I gape up at him, at the room full of naked people, and back up at him. He's gauging my reaction, laughing softly. I'm not sure how to react. Simply put...it's an orgy, right out of the movies. There are naked human bodies on the floor, on every piece of furniture in the room, standing up, sitting down, lying down, squatting, men with women, women with women, any and every combination you can think of. I do a quick estimation of 12 or 13 naked bodies in that room. I don't know whether to laugh, cry, pee my pants, to act embarrassed or nonchalant, to watch them, or to look away. So I look at him for guidance, but he's looking at me, laughing at my mixed emotions. He hugs me then, holds me for a long while, then leads me to a corner with an empty loveseat.

"Sit here with me, sweetheart, let it all sink in. I want you to be comfortable." With one warm hand on my cheek, he turns my face to look into my eyes. "You don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with, all right?" I smile up at him and nod, feeling reassured by his presence.

"Is it okay to watch people?" I whisper.

"Discreetly, yes. Just don't stare with your mouth open." I swat him playfully. And check out the action in the room. I see two male/female couples, one on the floor, very engrossed in their 69 session, judging from the hearty slurps and grunts they unashamedly made. The other couple was enjoying a traditional missionary position...on the large coffee table. In a papa-san chair in a corner, there was a female on her back, legs held wide by a couple of men, who played with her large brown nipples. Knelt between her legs, head deep in her pussy was another female, a light-skinned black female. Behind her was another male, who had the absolute longest cock I think I had ever seen, as it slid in and out of her from behind! She cried out each time he buried what must have easily been his 12" cock deep inside her. 

In another corner, in front of the stereo, there was an older woman on her hands and knees, with a cock being slammed into her mouth from the front, and one into her pussy from behind, by two silver-haired, but very attractive, well-toned men. In the center L of the leather sectional sofa, there was a woman on her back, wearing some restraints on her elbows and knees, each knee bound to each elbow, which kept her in a very spread-open position. A dark-haired man sat on the floor in front of her, and he had a huge cock-shaped vibrator, so big that his hand barely fit around it, and he was teasing her pussy with it. I watched as he tried to fit it into her vagina, pressing hard, but it was so big, it only stretched her tightly, but wouldn't enter her. He seemed to enjoy playing with the control. Every time he'd put it on high speed, the woman screamed and thrashed her head back and forth. Suddenly, her eyes and mouth gaped, as though startled, the huge dildo slipped inside her, stretching her vaginal opening obscenely. Her tormentor increased the dildo's speed once again, and began to move it in and out of her tightly-filled vagina. Her eyes rolled back, and her mouth contorted as she spun off into orgasmic orbit.

I realized, as my eyes grew more accustomed to the candlelight and lava light lighting, that there were at least 20 people in that room going at it. One woman was giving head to three men at once, alternating back and forth between the trio of erect cocks. I looked at my guy, realized he was watching me, and I smiled. I reached to stroke him, and found that he was rock hard, enjoying the show, no doubt. He stood and began taking off his clothes.

"What do you think about joining in a little?" he asked.

"Uuuuuum..." I hesitate, and he chuckles. 

"What about you?" I ask. 

"Well, I'd like to join in, yes, and would like you to join in, too, but only when you're comfortable."

By now, the trio that had been getting head had wandered off to do something else, and the blond who had been giving them head winked at me and beckoned for my guy to come over. He looked into my eyes with an eyebrow cocked, silently asking. I looked at her, and I looked at him. I grinned.

"She wants you."

She grinned back at me, he leaned down and kissed me, and then walked over to her. She was already on her knees, and he stood in front of her greedy open mouth, and I watched her take him deep into her throat. I admit, it felt a little funny... okay, it felt a LOT funny, watching someone else give him pleasure. But interest won out over jealousy, and I began to enjoy watching the pleasure on his face, watching him be pleasured by another. She seemed to have some talent, taking all of him into her mouth and working him with her tongue, but his eyes stayed locked with mine as he smiled at me, knowing I was enjoying his pleasure. With all the action in the room, the dildo, the orgasmic cries, he must have noticed me beginning to get rather squirmy in my seat. He bent and whispered something to the blond, she looked over at me, then back up at him, and nodded. He came over to me, took my hands, helped me stand, and he lifted my sweater over my head. As he began to unhook my bra, I wanted to squeak with embarrassment, but I looked around, realized I was the only one here WITH clothes on, and thought, what the hell. In a few seconds he had me totally naked. He sat down on our loveseat, and sat me, facing away from him, right down on top of his cock, huge, rock hard, and still slippery with the blond's saliva. He moved his hips very slowly and sensuously for a couple minutes, giving me some wonderful, deep stimulation, then motioned to the blond. She began walking across the room toward us.

"Oh God! What did you say to her! She's coming over here!" I squealed quietly. He pulled me back against his chest, holding my breasts in his hands, his cock still inside me. The blond stopped in front of us, and smiled down. Before I knew it, he had hooked his ankles around mine, spread my legs wide apart, and held them open. I would have protested, but his mouth had captured mine in a passionate kiss. And I nearly hit the ceiling when I felt that blond's lips and tongue begin to devour my pussy, and oh lord, she was good at it! His cock was grinding against my g-spot, and she sucked on my clit perfectly, as only a woman could, and the climax that began at my toes and worked it's way up my body felt more incredible than I can even describe here. She knew how to suck me exquisitely, milking every orgasmic contraction out of me, and I heard a guttural moan that became a scream. I guess it was mine, it was hard to tell, since I was on the verge of blacking out, I had never felt anything so damn intense. Finally, the two of you paused, letting me recover, and when I was able to open my eyes again, I saw that one of the silver-haired men was standing nearby, watching us.

"He's a friend of mine, doesn't get much at home, so he comes to these," he murmured in my ear. "He's a great guy, and he's rumored to be hung like a horse!" I feebly look up and give Silver Hair a weak wave. I try to say "Nice to meet you," but my words are faint and slurred, I'm still in my orgasmic glow. He sits down on the loveseat with us, tentatively caresses one of my breasts and says, "May I?" My eyes roll back in my head in response as the blonde begins again. The added nipple stimulation only hastens and intensifies my second orgasm, and soon I am shaking and begging for mercy. The blonde winks at me, squeezes my hand and goes to the guy with the dildo. The one in restraints looks exhausted, too, so Dildo Guy helps Blonde into the papa san chair and starts trying to get that monstrous thing into her pussy, as she begins to wail.

Back on our loveseat, Silver Hair asks if we might be up, so to speak, for a little double penetration. You look at me questioningly. My initial reaction is to wonder if you're out of your minds, but I remember that it's something we've talked about, and I really did want to try it. I just never thought I'd have the chance! You motion for Silver to sit back on the loveseat and you help me straddle him, facing him. His head falls back on the back of the seat, groaning, as I take in his cock, which, as rumored, was huge. Unbelieveably huge. I ride him for a few minutes, wondering if I should shout "giddyup," since this man truly was hung like a horse. Then I feel my own guy's cock probing at me from behind. He's dripping and slippery wet from our previous activities. I gasp as he slips right in, pauses to let me adjust, and then slowly begins to stroke tightly in and out. The sensation of having these two huge penises sliding in and out of me is unbelieveable. I feel as though my entire nether regions are crammed full. I'm stretched so tightly I'm afraid I'll burst. But as I relax, the pleasurable sensations take over, and soon, all three of us are shouting in a powerful climax. We drop over onto the seat beside Silver Hair, and we hold each other, panting and giggling. Finally, Silver Hair gives me a hug and kiss, the guys shake hands, and he goes off to watch the black chick getting fucked, bent over the other end of the leather sectional.

"Wow, for an older guy, he was hot," I commented. "And hung, just like you said!" 

"Liked that, did you?"

"Mmmmmmm," I giggle. 

"Are you ready for that dildo now that you're all warmed up?" 

The dildo. I've been intrigued by that massive dildo all night long, wondering what it would be like to have something that size vibrating inside of me. I nod. He sits me back on his lap, once again spreading my legs very wide and holding them apart with his own legs. Dildo Man comes over with that vibrating monster and kneels between my legs. It took a long time, and a lot of coaxing, even though I'd already been stretched and lubed by a large cock, but when that thing finally slipped inside of me, I squealed, partially in pleasure, but a good deal in fear. I felt as though there was a large fist inside of me, indeed, the dildo was at least the size of a large one. When he moved it, it took my breath away. I had never felt a sensation like this before...except maybe when I gave birth! Then, he switched on the high vibration, and that was the end of that. I was gone. This time, I did pass out. I know I heard screaming, and felt myself thrash about, but I was so totally out of control, I don't remember anything about it, only that was held tightly and safely, and from somewhere in the fog, I heard him caution Dildo Man to be careful.

I came to a few minutes later, utterly and totally exhausted, but happy. People were getting dressed and starting to drift upstairs, so we did the same. People were shaking hands and hugging good-bye, Silver Hair gave me a wink, and soon we were home, heading up to bed, where we held each other and every now and then whispered some comment about the evening's activities, my first orgy.

"Thank you," he said, kissing me. "I'm glad you got to meet some of my friends." I mumbled something incoherent, and just before I fell soundly asleep with my hand possessively on his groin, I smiled and thought that when he met my friends, he was going to find them quite dull and boring in comparison...