 I'm on an international standards writing committee and had to fly to San Francisco for one of our bi-annual committee meetings in late October, 1989. This was two weeks after the devastating Loma Prieta earthquake there. I was alone on the trip and looked forward to engaging in some sexual adventures while I was there.

I spent the first night walking around the downtown area seeing the sights and let me tell you, there were a lot of sights to see. Nude bars, gay bars, lesbian bars, gentleman's clubs, massage parlors, and streetwalkers/prostitutes of every sex, age and color. I wasn't interested in bringing any of the prostitutes back to my room and a short time with a massage parlor girl wasn't exactly what I was looking for so I decided to pick up a men's magazine at the local store and read the sex stories in it while I stroked my cock to a nice relaxing orgasm.

While looking through the magazine I found an advertisement for a swingers club in Oakland, Ca, just across the bay from where I was staying. I had always wanted to attend an event like that so I dropped my cock and grabbed the telephone to give them a call. They didn't have any more openings for their party that night but said they would love to have me come to their party the next night. I gave them my name, got directions and saved my cum for the next night.

After my committee meeting the next day I went back to my room to shower and shave in preparation for the party that night. I drove across the bay bridge to Oakland about 8:00 p.m., and found the house easily enough with the directions they had given me the night before. I left all my valuables locked in the car since I didn't know what to expect inside and headed for the front door of the house. I had some huge butterflys in my stomach and was both nervous and excited at the same time. I knocked on the door and tried to keep my knees from knocking as I attempted to look cool and worldly, as if I attended these parties all the time. LOL

The door was answered by a slim short-haired blonde lady who I guessed to be in her early thirties. I introduced myself and she laughed, saying she was afraid I was going to "chicken out" and not show up. She then gave me a big hug and invited me inside. I paid my single male admittance fee and she gave me a tour of the house, showing me the change room, the bedrooms, the kitchen with the light buffet laid out and the big hot tub outside. She then introduced me around to the three other ladies there, two were single and one had her husband with her, and the 6 or 8 male guests. Everyone had towels around their waists and were just lounging around chatting with each other.

I went into the change room and got out of my clothes, wrapping a small towel around my waist. After a light snack and some conversation I noticed that many of the partygoers were missing and decided to go see what might be happening. It was a cool night and I could hear conversation and splashing noises from the hot tub. I went outside to find that most of the other party guests were in the tub and they were obviously enjoying themselves.....and each other. There were pussies being licked, cocks being sucked and a lot of fucking in various positions. In other words, it was a voyeur's dream come true. 

I quickly shed my towel and entered the hot tub, moving to one side next to a shapely brunette who wasn't busy with anyone else. We began some light stroking and fondling of each other and after a few minutes she told me to sit up on the edge of the hot tub. I did as she asked and she moved between my legs and began slowly sucking my throbbing cock deep into her mouth. She was very talented and enjoyed her work, licking and sucking me as she fondled my balls, looking into my eyes. I was in heaven, or so I thought at the time. She soon proved that I didn't have any idea what sexual heaven really was.

She stopped her blowjob and began rubbing my cock all over her face, licking and kisssing it as she stroked it between her hands. She asked me if I had ever been with more than one woman at a time and I honestly replied that I hadn't. She called two of the ladies over who were finished for the moment and all three of them devoted their efforts to my pleasure. The original lady I was with went back to sucking the head of my cock, flicking the sensitive underside with her tongue as the other two positioned themselves on either side of me and began running their lips and tongue up and down my shaft. I learned very quickly what sexual heaven really felt like. It didn't take very long until I felt the cum boiling up in my balls begging for relief. I warned the trio of goddesses that I was about to cum and they stopped just long enough to tell me to shoot it all over their faces and breasts. That was it. Hearing their request was all it took for me. I exploded in a powerful orgasm as they moved my cock around between them, sharing my cum and rubbing it in to their skin. I slowly slipped back down into the hot water, totally relaxed and hoping that I had enough energy left to keep my head above the surface.

After resting and regaining my strength I got out of the hot tub and went back inside to do some more exploring. In one of the upstairs bedrooms I found three women and two men enjoying each other's company. The lone woman was the one who had greeted me at the door and I asked her if it would be okay if I tasted her sweet juices. She grinned, spread her legs wide and said "Only if we can 69." I quickly maneuvered into position with her on top of me and began running my tongue up and down the outside of her pussy lips, occasionally moving upwards to lick her asshole as I massaged and fondled her ass cheeks. I dipped my tongue into her pussy and began flicking it across her prominent clitoris. I sucked her pussy lips into my mouth and while sucking on them I worked my tongue rapidly over her clit. It was all I could do to hold her on my face with both hands as she screamed and shuddered her way through a series of violent orgasms. She finally managed to say that she had to rest and I released her from my grip. I hadn't gotten off again yet because of my hot tub episode but that was okay. I was having the time of my life.

I went back down to the kitchen looking for a snack and a cold drink and was talking to the lady who had just finished riding my face when a new lady came in. She was about 5'8" and had numerous visible tattoos. She complained about being hungry and horny and not knowing what she wanted first.....beef or beef. The hostess introduced me and told her I had an awesome talent for eating pussy. The new girl said more men should develop that kind of talent and dropped her shorts as she bent over the counter to fix a sandwhich. I quickly dropped to my knees behind her and began kissing, licking and stroking her ass cheeks. She moaned and leaned farther forwards, spreading her legs for me. I had easy access to her pussy and asshole and gave them both an equal amount of attention with my fingers and tongue, bringing her to a quick warm-up orgasm as she ate her sandwich.

She finished her sandwich and thanked me for my efforts as she headed for the hot tub. Having finally warmed back up from my previous trip outside I stayed inside to watch home movies from previous parties with the group that was left. One of the hot tub ladies that had brought me so much pleasure earlier sat on the floor and leaned back between my legs. I began giving her a head and shoulders massage, feeling her "purr" beneath my fingers. She said she was too sore to take me upstairs and asked if I minded if she gave me a blow job instead. I certainly had no objections to her offer and she began licking, sucking and stroking my cock. After ten minutes or so of her efforts I could feel the cum rushing up my cock. I warned her of my approaching orgasm but that only made her suck harder as she squeezed my balls in one hand as she inserted a finger of her other hand into my asshole. I saw fireworks and had a very loud, extremely satisfying orgasm as she swallowed my cum, keeping my cock in her mouth as I softened  I thanked her for her wonderful blow job and she said she was happy to have had me.

The time was approaching midnight and I had yet another committee meeting early the next morning so I said my goodbyes, got dressed and headed back to San Francisco for a very relaxed night of sleeping.

That turned out to be my only adventure in San Francisco but what a wonderful adventure it was. I have attended a few other swingers parties around the country since then but that one will always occupy a special place in my memories as my first one.