 She was so nervous.  She really did want a tattoo but she was also a bit scared. She wasn’t sure how much it would hurt but she’d made up her mind to do this so here she was.  She opened the door and walked into the lobby of the tattoo parlor. It was very neat and clean and nicely decorated. There were pictures all over the walls of tattoos, some of them really scary looking and some of them very beautiful.  There were display cases with various types of body jewelry – those were intriguing but she wasn’t’ interested in having that done.

“Could I help you?”  She turned around to see the most beautiful man she had seen in a long time.  His skin was tanned the color of copper and his hazel eyes pierced right through to her soul.  His thick brown hair hung just below his shoulders and was so clean and shiny.  He wore tight jeans and a T-shirt that showed off a very nice body.  Suddenly she realized she was starring and blushed.  “I’ve come for my appointment,” was all she could get out.

He asked her name and she told him it was Regina.  He commented that is was a very regal name and made her blush again.  He asked her to follow him and they walked down a long hallway into a bright room that was also filled with pictures of tattoos.  She found that she was still a bit nervous and began walking around the room just looking at the pictures.  He finally asked if this were her first tattoo.  A little shyly she told him it was.  He just smiled this wonderful, relaxed smile that immediately put her at ease.

He asked if she knew what she wanted and where she wanted it.  She told him that she wanted a pair of cat’s eyes on her public bone.  He pulled out some books and showed her a number of different pictures of cat’s eyes but none of them were right.  Then he pulled out a sketchpad and began to draw.  It was as if he’d seen into her soul as he drew exactly what she wanted.  The eyes were green and almost seductive as they peered at you.  That was it.

Now came the first difficult part…she had to remove her jeans in order for him to able to size and place the tattoo where she wanted it.  He sensed she was embarrassed and immediately let her know that he had seen lots more than she was going to show and she shouldn’t worry about it.  So…she unzipped and slowly lowered her jeans.  She’d worn her lavender bikini panties and now she was glad. 

He excused himself and went back to the front of the office.  When he came back he explained that she was the last client of the day and he wanted to make sure the door was locked so they wouldn’t be disturbed.  He could see the panic on her face and it made him laugh.  “Don’t worry, you’re perfectly safe here with me.  I just don’t want someone walking in uninvited.”  She felt a little better but was still worried.

“Now, let’s see what we have to work with.  How about lying down here on the table and let me see.”  She was as nervous as a schoolgirl with her first crush.  She starting talking non-stop, asking him about tattooing and then about piercing.  He answered all of her questions as his hand gently moved her panties down a little.  He ran his hand over the top of her shaved pubic area so softly that it made her shudder.  His eyes looked up at hers as her body reacted to his touch.  Nothing was said but something was there…something so kind and gentle that she began to relax again.  She reminded herself that she had come for a tattoo and that was all…. but her body was telling her other things.

He made a copy of the drawing so he could place it in just the right place on her.  He took a bottle of water and started to spray the area for the tattoo so the image would adhere to her skin.  The water was cool and she jumped slightly.  He apologized for not warming it and she giggled.  Just as he started to place the drawing on her body she asked him if he had any piercings.  It came out of the blue – she didn’t even know why she asked.  He raised his eyes to look at her again with that seductive smile and told her he had one.  Of course she had to ask where it was.  He told her it was on the underside of his balls and felt very good when he had an orgasm.  He smiled as he watched her eyes get big.  

“Would you like to see it?” he asked very quietly. “ I don’t show it to everyone but I think you might find it interesting.”  All she could do was nod her head.  He moved back from the table and slowly unzipped his jeans and let them fall to the floor.  My god he was beautiful.  His tummy was so flat and he had the most wonderful ass she’d ever seen.  She was starring again and she didn’t care.  He wore black bikini underwear and she could see that he was very well endowed.  

His eyes never left hers as he slowly pushed his underwear down over his muscular thighs.  He was tanned all over with no tan lines and she thought her heart would stop.  He was naked now from the waist down and she was having trouble controlling the wetness that developed between her legs.  He took his cock and his balls in his hand and pulled them up.  There it was, a straight bar through that beautiful skin.  There were little silver balls on each end of it to keep it in place.

He moved toward her and she felt her skin grow warm all over, her face flushed and her pussy was wet with desire.  “Would you like to see what it feels like, “ he asked.  Without thinking her hand moved to his body and tentatively touched the piercing.  The skin was so soft and supple and the piercing seemed such an invasion of him.  He moved even closer and placed his hand on her belly gently moving it across and back.  She looked up to see his eyes and she was lost – lost in desire and need.  He leaned over her and softly kissed her mouth then began to trace the outline of it with his tongue.  She was hopelessly going over the edge – she couldn’t stop it – she didn’t want to.  Her body erupted in an orgasm like she’d never had before.  

His hand moved to her throbbing pussy and he gently massaged it while incredible little after shocks went through her like tidal waves.  She wanted him so very much.  Her hand moved over his balls and up to his hard cock and she began to slowly move her hand back and forth.  His cock grew even larger and the feel of it in her hand was so warm.  She wanted him in her mouth.  Sensing her need her rolled her onto her side and moved up toward her head – his cock so large and long and hard.  She took the tip of it into her mouth and circled it with her tongue while her hand stroked it.  

His fingers glided into her wet pussy, pushing gently in and out while his thumb massaged her still swollen clit.  She took all of him into her mouth, sucking and moving her tongue back and forth down the shaft and back again.  His hips pumped back and forth and he moaned with such pleasure that she thought she would cum again.  All the while his expert fingers manipulated her clit and her pussy, bringing her so close to the edge and then backing off.

She wrapped her hand around his engorged cock and ran her tongue over his balls – sucking first one and then the other into her mouth.  Her moaning made his balls vibrate and he was so close to cumming.  Suddenly she wrapped her arms around his ass and pulled him deep into her mouth, pumping his hardness in and out, wanting to savor the taste of him.  Just as she thought he would cum he pulled away.

He went to the end of the table and pulled her down until her ass was almost off the edge.  He pushed her legs up over his shoulders and very slowly entered her wet pussy with his stiff cock. He moved inside her inch by torturous inch.  She wanted to grab him and pull him all the way into her but she couldn’t. The slow movement into her was taking her breath away.  Finally he was all the way in…he held his cock there and rocked his hips side to side.  She was so full of him.  He pulled out ever so slowly, his eyes never leaving hers.  She could see the same desire in him that was driving her over the edge once more.

He increased the rhythm of his movements and she shuddered as she felt herself cum all over his cock.  She wanted more. She had never been able to have multiple orgasms and yet here she was cumming and cumming.  His hand reached between them and his soft fingers flicked her clit back and forth as he pumped his cock in and out of her.  She was doing to die – she could hardly breath.  She felt his body tense and knew that he was ready to cum.  She wanted him to explode inside her.  She moved her hips with him and they both came in a torrent of juices that ran down the table.  The orgasms lasted forever – she heard herself scream as she came – it felt as though her entire body were on fire.  He shuddered and then slammed his cock into her hard until it was at the hilt.  He held himself there again, moving side to side, milking the cum from both of them.

They were spent.  He collapsed on top of her as her legs dropped down from his shoulders. He kissed her deeply then kissed her tenderly with soft, gently kisses on her mouth and her eyes, her ears and her neck.  She wrapped her arms and legs around him determined to keep him inside her as long as possible.  Her whole body was shaking and she held on for dear life.

Finally he lifted himself up on his hands and looked into her eyes.  His eyes were so kind and tender.  He smiled that beautiful smile and said, “Are you ready for your tattoo now?”  They both burst into laughter.  He had never fucked a client and she had never had a tattoo…what a day of firsts.  The tattoo was beautiful.
ã2002 Dianne Suttle