 My first orgy was turning out to be more than I had hoped for. It had taken me a little while to get warmed up, but once I got going, I felt on fire. With tongues and hands rubbing all over me, I was beginning to need even more. 

I loved the taste of cock in my mouth. And the guys there had no reservations about putting their meat in my face and I gobbled up every one that got near me. But as much as I enjoyed the mouths on my body and the dicks in my mouth, my glistening wet pussy was throbbing for a good fuck. Well, it didn't take long before I got it. 

Steve was my first that night. He took me by the hand and pulled me down onto the air mattress in the floor. No longer was he being the gentle host, slowly coaxing me into the action. He sensed the fire within me now and was ready to let me burn. 

He was suddenly all over me... hands, mouth, tongue. I could feel his hard member moving between my legs, rubbing up against my thighs, feeling like a warm piece of steel, ready to hammer. I felt myself pulling him closer, wanting to draw him into me. 

A pleading declaration that I wanted him inside me lingered on my lips but remained unsaid. Instead I kissed him deeply, and let my own hands roam his body in a heated rush and then firmly I took his manhood in my hand and massaged and stroked it till I could feel precum oozing from it's tip. 

I maneuvered myself even closer to him and guided his rock hard cock towards my waiting pussy. After a few more moments of heated foreplay, he finally put the head of his man-meat to my wet opening. It took great restraint for him not to shove it in full force. Slowly he entered me. I felt it, inch by inch, until all 8 inches were buried in my hot snatch. Damn it felt soooo good!! 

As he began to move slowly in and out of me I held my breath with the excitement of it all. Christy, a real sexy blonde beauty, was lying beside me and reached over and tugged on my hard erect nipple. MMMMMM I moaned deeply as she tugged and pulled it and Steve increased the tempo of his assault of my cunt. 

The faster he went the deeper he thrusted... I could feel the head of his magnificent cock deep in my gut. Stroking my insides with fluid movements. My pussy tightened on his cock, my inner flesh massaging his pounding meat. 

At that moment Kyle straddled my face and shoved his 6 1/2 cock down my throat. Kyle was 24 and was adorable with short dark hair and a smile that could make you forget anything. He began pumping his dick in and out of my mouth at almost the same rate of speed Steve was pumping my pussy. I felt all filled up! 

I felt my orgasm rising hot and fast till I exploded all over Steve's pounding cock. Since I am a squirter, my cum was flowing all over him and his balls and down the crack of my ass. He took that moment to pull out and come around to my face. Kyle was still pumping my mouth fast and hard but pulled out to let Steve share my mouth with him. 

Each of them inserted their dicks in my mouth one at a time and pumped while the other stroked in anticipation for their turn. Every time Steve entered my open and eager mouth, I could taste my own cum on his cock. 

Meanwhile, Bill took over where Steve had left off. He had a nice 7 inch cock that was oooohhhh soooooo thick. He positioned himself between my legs and didn't hesitate before entering me and immediately began to pump my pussy furiously with his thick meat. I was in heaven, two cocks pumping my mouth in turn and my pussy being filled up with such an awesome thick cock. 

Christy leaned over to suck my tit as Wayne continued to fuck her. Deanna was right next to me and was being fucked from behind by someone whom I couldn't see around the cocks in my mouth. She was a beauty with long brown hair and 36D tits. She watched my mouth being assaulted by two hard cocks and then she leaned over and licked my other tit. 

I knew that it was because I was the new one of the bunch that I was getting so much attention at once. Surely, I thought to myself, things didn't normally happen like this. I was eating up every second of the erotic attention I was receiving. Storing each memory away for later masturbation material. 

Soon Steve couldn't hold back anymore and shot a huge load of cum all over my face. He jerked himself until hot wet cum shot across my cheeks and mouth, splattering Kyle's dick as it continued to rigorously invade my mouth. Steve laid back to rest, while Kyle fucked my face a couple of minutes more before adding to the load on my face. 

What shocked me then was Christy's apparent fetish for cum. She had turned over as Wayne entered her from behind, and she bent down to me and licked and sucked every drop of cum from my face and mouth. WOW! That was a Kodak moment. If only there had been a camera around at the time. 

Kyle and Steve were both spent for the moment, but Deanna didn't waste any time to crawl up over my face and ride my tongue. MMMM she tasted so good. I concentrated on licking her hard clit the best I could while feeling my own excitement mounting again with Bill pounding my pussy like a mad man. She wiggled and rubbed and writhed about until I could taste her cum slide down my throat. 

Bill's bulging cock stroked my insides in rapid rhythm until a few short moments later he pulled out of my pussy and shot his load all over my belly simultaneously as Wayne shot his thick load on Christy's ass. 

We all lay panting for air and watched the few others there until they also reached their climaxes. For a long time it seemed I couldn't move. In time though, I dragged myself to the bathroom to clean up after my massive cum bath. I then rejoined the others in the living room and toyed with my nipples as I waited patiently for the next round to begin....