 July in the sun drenched Mediterranean party island of Ibiza was hot as hell and bursting with energy. I had been soaking up the sun with my best mate Colleen for just 48 hours and we were still really only just finding our feet and know where the crowds and decent bars were.

I had left the hotel dressed deliberately to attract the kind of attention that would get me into trouble. My blond bob hugged my cheeks and flicked under my chin. My 36C breasts strained against the fabric of my cropped white T-shirt, and my fake diamond navel stud caught every passing flicker of light, drawing attention to my flat stomach. My long legs looked longer than ever beneath a very short, blue skirt, whilst three inch heels added just enough to my 5"9 frame to make men look up into my pale green eyes if they wanted my attention. Beneath this outer layer, a tiny white g-string was all that covered my modesty as the matching bra had not yet made it out of my suitcase.

Primary coloured lights flashed and flickered, distorting everything whilst the sound system hammered out the beat so loud that the floorboards vibrated. The throbbing mass of writhing bodies had turned the already warm air into a humid, steaming sauna.

It was approaching midnight as I leant on the long bar and I ordered another pair of Brandy Alexandras, so the night was really just beginning and people were still being shoe-horned into the packed bar. I wrestled back through the crush to where Colleen was chatting to a group of guys who'd been hitting on us from the moment we'd arrived. I passed over Colleen's half pint cocktail and immediately shouldered my way over to where James stood waiting.

James had immediately caught my attention as soon as he'd arrived. He was tall, maybe 6"2 and his slender body was already carrying a healthy brown tan that his canary yellow fitted t-shirt served only to highlight. I guessed he was a couple of years older than my nineteen and as we chatted and I admired his muscular torso rippling beneath the stressed cotton, I began to wonder where his budding tan might end and how I might find out.

As we shouted at each other above the mesmerising beat, our faces just inches apart, the humidity rising from the crowd caused beads of perspiration to break out on his forehead and roll down his temples. His enthusiasm was infectious and the more he spoke, the more I leant into him, eager not to miss a beat of his story.

Colleen and I were both recently single and had come out to Ibiza for a fortnight of fun at the end of our year out before starting university. In order to stand on my own feet I'd spent the year working hard, with a bar job in the evening as well as a daytime office job. I had managed to get a little money behind me to get myself through the first year of college, so coupled with the split from my only serious boyfriend, I was really ready for a break.

Unlike many of my school friends I was very sexually immature and had only ever had one sexual partner. Consequently, I had not been drawn to Ibiza at the thought of wild parties and promiscuous sex, but even just two days into the holiday I was already loving the liberation of being away from my parents and of living life to my own timetable. What I'd been totally unprepared for was that the hot days in the sun and endless trickle of alcohol would leave me feeling so permanently horny with only my own fingers for company. Subsequently when James drained his beer and slipped his arms around my waist, I let myself be pulled towards him, gyrated my hips against his in time to the beat and basked in the buzz as my heart rate immediately doubled.

I lost track of how long we danced as the DJ blended one track into the next, but it was long enough for my t-shirt to dampen and the swell of my breasts to press against my, now slightly transparent, t-shirt.

Conversation had ceased and James just held my waist tightly. As I pushed my hips against his, I could feel his excitement pressing against me as we danced and in response my own sexual appetite began to awaken.

I knew then that I would just never survive two weeks of constant arousal without the kind of release that my fingers could not provide and I began to hatch my own plan to lure him away from the bar. Whether he could read my mind, as I leant closer to whisper in his ear, he intercepted me and kissed me on my full and pouting lips. I stood up on the tips of my toes, put my hands around his neck and pulled him closer and he responded by massaging my breasts through my t-shirt, pinching my stiff nipples between his fingers until the feel of them rubbing on my t-shirt sent a shiver down my spine.

As we danced his hands wandered unchallenged all over my body as I simply hung mine submissively over his shoulders. Hot bodies pressed against us from all directions as the dance floor overflowed and people jostled for position.

James held me closely, his hot breath tickling my neck as he slipped his hand up the back of my skirt. As he pushed the fabric up I felt his hand knead my bare buttocks, which must have been visible to anyone who cared to look -- a thought, I was shocked to realise, that made my pulse race higher.

I rested my face in his shoulder and could smell the mixed musk of his aftershave and perspiration, a concoction that flooded my senses and heightened my desire. His creeping fingers slipped under the satin string of my thong and ran between my buttocks. The wanton groan that slipped from my lips simply encouraged him to explore still further.

I could feel his impossibly hard cock pressing against my stomach like a steel bar. After he squeezed my arse, he began to nudge his hand around my hips. I expected him to stop short at any moment, surrounded as we were by hundreds of other writhing bodies, but he continued his teasingly slow journey.

I felt totally hypnotised by his touch and as his fingers brushed through my bush into my sticky folds I gasped, breathing heavily in his ear as he continued to probe and push. Our dancing had been reduced to a squashed shuffle amongst the crowd, which enabled James to hide his actions from most of those around us, but as he cupped my pubic bone in his hand, I no longer cared who was watching and just needed him to touch me.

All my previous sexual encounters with my ex had been confined to the bedroom when our parents were out. We had managed it once, very clumsily in the shower, but that was the extent of my sexual experience. But now, in the middle of a throbbing bar, my head swimming with alcohol and my pussy alight with lust, I felt James slip his middle finger into me whilst I bit his ear in a vain attempt to maintain control.

I no longer cared if we were being watched. In fact, the thought that we might not be, was a disappointing one. As someone pressed against me from behind, I shuffled my feet apart and was rewarded as a second finger slid home.

"Oh fuck that's good." I groaned into his ear as he fingered me shamelessly on the crowded dance floor. I felt a second hot and sweaty hand grope at my exposed arse that I knew could not be James'. This served only to heighten my excitement and push me closer to orgasm as I realised that, not only was at least one other person watching us, they could not resist joining in.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum." I panted and pushed my hips forward to take James' fingers deeper. "Make me cum." I almost pleaded as my pleasure seemed to peak without quite tipping me over the edge. 

Another hand squeezed my arse and this time, long, slim fingers pressed lightly against my puckered star, sending me cascading over the edge into orgasmic bliss.

"Shit, shit, shit." I panted loud enough to draw attention from several people around me. I came hard, my hot juices coating James' fingers. I wrapped my arms around his neck and held on tight, not sure if my legs would support me. As my orgasm finally subsided, he pulled his glistening fingers from my cunt and fed them to me. I sucked them greedily into my mouth, tasting myself, with my eyes fixed on a girl dancing beside me. The look of disgust on her face as I rolled my tongue around James' fingers just turned my dials higher.

"Come on," I said, taking him by the hand, "let's get the fuck out of here."

"Follow me," he laughed, as he pulled me along behind him through the untidy flat that he was sharing with a group of friends from university. "Let's do it in here. It's not like Paul's going to bring anyone back. It's the only action this room'll get."

I was passed caring. His fingers had awoken something inside me that I just couldn't control and I needed him to fuck me fast. If he'd have done it in the bar or in a shop doorway on the way back, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have stopped him, so I didn't give a fuck whose room it was.

He grabbed my t-shirt and whipped it off over my head so hard I actually heard some stitches in the neck snap, before he threw it across the room. He squeezed my tits and sucked them in turn until my nipples re-awoke to hard little buds.

I slid my hand inside his long canvas shorts and held his stiff member before wrestling it free and letting his shorts fall to the floor. I sat on the bed and slowly took his shaft into my mouth. Looking up into his eyes, I rolled my tongue around his swollen helmet before sinking all the way down, taking it right to the very back of my throat. I fondled his balls whilst I slurped his cock in and out of my mouth, my saliva running down his glistening length and coating his hairy balls. A smudge of pink lipstick smeared down his shaft and as I held it in my mouth, I could actually feel the blood pulsing through it.

I closed my fingers around his shaft whilst I explored his tip with my tongue, feeling him flinch and hearing him moan as I found the most sensitive part of his steel-hard length.

I could already taste his excitement and I let it coat my tongue, but I was not ready to swallow his juice just yet. I lay back on the bed and slipped off my skirt and g-string giving him his first glimpse of my wild bush. He bent over me and ran his tongue along the whole length of my aching cunt, dipping it briefly inside me, making me shake with pleasure, before taking my fleshy folds entirely into his mouth and sucking on them greedily but all too briefly. 

He crawled up my hot and naked body and kissed me fully on the lips. I licked my juices hungrily from his mouth and wrapped my legs around his hips as he guided his throbbing cock into me. I bit his lip before screaming with a mixture of surprise and desire as he entered me, filling my slender frame with his hard, fat cock.

He fucked me hard, pounding his thick and veiny shaft into my slippery cunt until I could feel another orgasm rise in my belly. It fired through me with a sudden explosion, making me moan aloud, my animalistic grunts bouncing off the walls of the small room.

He pulled out and turned me over onto all fours like an animal, parted my legs and thrust his meat back inside me, immediately developing a hard, deep rhythm. His balls slapped against my legs as I bucked and writhed back onto his stiff cock, his hands gripping my hips authoritatively.

I opened my eyes and stared into the gloom, the room's only light drawn from a distant orange street lamp on the pavement outside. We were no longer alone.

"Paul, I presume!" I panted between thrusts at the young man watching from the doorway.

"Can I have a go when you've finished?" He asked James as if I was not there.

"Why don't you have a go now." I couldn't believe what I'd said, but the flare of pure lust that ignited inside me told me all I needed to know.

I had seen this happen in dirty movies and always enjoyed the familiar tingle in my pussy at the thought of being the object of two men's desires and now it seemed I was to fulfil that fantasy.

With James still buried in my cunt, I beckoned Paul over. Reaching out, I unbuckled his belt with one hand whilst he stared down at me with eyes so wide they clearly could not believe their luck.

I undid the button on the front of his trousers, then the zip and pulled them down over his thighs. James' rhythm had changed to an almost gentle rocking as he watched over my shoulder, suddenly keen not to waste his load and miss this opportunity.

Paul stepped out of his fallen trousers, then removed his boxer shorts, stepping in closer to me as he stroked his own cock hard. It was long but slender and I watched it grow between his fingers. Craning my neck to reach him, I cautiously licked the exposed tip, then as it pointed at the ceiling, I licked it slowly from his balls to the very tip like a lollipop.

Paul watched my every move as I licked around his helmet, my long tongue darting out, tickling him, until he demanded more by stepping in closer so his knees pressed into the soft mattress.

He thrust his hips forward, pushing his stiff rod between my soft, relaxed lips. I grunted in surprise as he grabbed handfuls of my hair, pinning me in place so he could fuck my face in long, deep strokes that filled me completely and made saliva spill down my chin.

In response to Paul's violence James re-established an enthusiastic tempo until I was impaled so deeply on two rock hard cocks, I felt they would split me in two.

In a matter of seconds, I had reduced both men to a primeval thrusting and grunting as they both fucked my lithe, willing body. I was overwhelmed with a whorish lust that made my body quake at the intense pleasure coursing through me.

"She fucking loves that." Paul said to James across my arched and naked back. "Where the fuck did you find her?"

"She practically let me fuck her on the dance floor in Liberty." James replied as if I had already gone home. "She's well up for it."

"Wicked!"

Talking about me as if I was just some cheap skank there purely for their satisfaction just made me more crazed and as their excitement rose, they fucked me harder and deeper, sometimes grunting, sometimes talking about what a gorgeous slut I was.

Inch by inch, Paul had managed to feed his long cock all the way into the back of my mouth until his balls swung close to my chin every time he thrust forward.

Spit roasted by two strangers who revelled in my debauchery, just made me want more and I did my best to egg them on with my moans and groans as I ran my tongue all over Paul's cock and gripped James' tightly enough to squeeze the cum right out of it.

"Let's swap. I wanna see what that cunt feels like." Paul said, pulling his cock from my mouth with a pop. He climbed on the bed behind me and wasted no time in pushing his saliva slathered cock inside me. I opened my mouth to groan out loud and James simply filled it with his meat. With about an inch less to play with but considerably more girth, I swallowed James' cock whole until his balls slapped against my chin. I cupped them in my hand and squeezed them gently each time he pushed himself passed my lips. My jaw ached with trying to accommodate him and I could again taste his pre-cum, mixing on my tongue with what Paul had left behind.

"What a fucking great cunt!" Paul said as he held my hips tightly, his nails digging into my skin. "Fucking great."

James pushed his cock into the back of my throat to the point where I was convinced I would choke. Once he was buried in me as far as he could go, he held the back of my head with both hands and simply rocked back and forth gently, filling my throat until I couldn't breath. When he finally relaxed his grip, I gasped for breath, saliva dribbling from the corners of my mouth and running down his shaft and my chin. But once I had another lungful of air, I took him again and again as far down as I could, desperate to please him and eager to push back my own pitifully narrow boundaries.

Paul continued to fuck me in rapid strokes whilst my own sticky juices flowed like treacle and matted my pubic hair. I flinched instinctively as he pushed a lubricated thumb against my puckered ring, arching my back and pulling away from him in surprise at the intrusion and brand new sensation. Pulling me back towards him with the hand that still grasped my hips like a vice, he worked his thumb all the way in. The sensation was like nothing I had previously experienced and to my surprise my body to exploded unashamedly in another orgasm.

Loose and lubricated, he replaced his thumb with one, then a second finger as he found access to my final cherry easy as my body had already succumbed enough to accept the double-teaming.

"Crawl underneath her." Paul said, withdrawing his cock from my tired cunt and taking full control of the situation he had invaded.

Without question James lay on the bed and I straddled him, guiding his fat cock back into my sopping pussy, still expecting Paul to come back and fuck my face.

I was sat up riding James' cock as he kneaded my tits roughly when Paul pushed me down onto James' smooth chest, until our faces were almost level. I bent down the extra inch and kissed him.

Suddenly, I felt the tip of Paul's cock push against my puckered star and a sharp pain stabbed through me.

"Fuck no." I gasped, suddenly scared that this had passed beyond my control.

"Fuck yes." Came the reply from behind me as Paul applied more pressure. I tried to wriggle free from his grasp, but James now had hold of my hips from below and I was pinned securely in place. Still the pressure on my virgin star increased and I felt Paul spread my buttocks with his hands to widen his target.

"No." I begged weakly, but failed to even convince myself. "Owww." I hollered a little louder as he stretched my ring wider still and the pain continued to swell. Meanwhile James lay still, giving Paul the opportunity to move at his own pace and suddenly, without warning, my sphincter yielded and his cock popped my final cherry.

"Jesus fucking Christ." I yelled at the top of my voice at the pain that swallowed my body whole as Paul's shaft followed his helmet into the depths of my most private area. Paul slapped my buttocks in celebration, which I am sure must have left a stinging red print on my flesh.

"Wow. That is one tight fucking arse." He congratulated me as he pulled out almost to the tip until my muscles spasmed as they tried to eject him. Then he lunged back into me with a little more confidence as James too re-awoke, gently at first, then harder as they established a complementary rhythm.

As the initial pain subsided, I was stunned to realise that the pleasure was more intense than anything I had ever dreamed of. With a few more thrusts simultaneously filling both my arse and cunt that saw both of them get their whole cocks back inside me, I came so hard, I thought for a moment I would actually pass out, as the room dimmed and my vision faded before swimming slowly back into focus.

"This is one hot fucking bitch." Paul said. "Did you see that?" He said, presumably to James. "She's spurting like a fountain." And with that he picked his rhythm up further.

I could feel the two cocks rubbing together just millimetres apart and the sensation was driving me absolutely wild. My pussy ached and my newly violated arse was already sore, but the pleasure was far more intense than the pain and I just didn't want the night to end. I felt filthy and depraved, but I was enjoying every new sensation it brought with it. But I could tell my first threesome was drawing to a close and made a mental note to ensure it was not my last. Both boys fucked my holes with renewed vigour and all three of us panted and grunted in our own pleasure, our hot, sweaty bodies writhing ecstatically around on the damp sheets, the bed springs protesting at the increased strain.

"Shit, I'm gonna cum." Moaned James underneath me.

"Cum on her." Paul said as he immediately rolled me off James' cock and somehow stayed buried in my arse as I lay on my side. Holding me tightly by the shoulders, he shoved his cock into me again and again, the final time so deep, tears rose in my eyes and I screamed aloud, then he whipped out and was gone, leaving an emptiness that was both a devastating disappointment and extreme relief.
