 It all started out as a perfectly ordinary Saturday night--and ended up as a perfectly wonderful one. Ever since I moved out of my parents house to attend university money has been tight; so I sometimes baby-sit to earn enough money. Ours is an average, middle class town and the people are nice, though I have to admit that until that night I never thought of any of the people I worked for as sexy.

I guess curiosity just got the best of me that evening and I ended up sampling a bit more than the Eamess' hospitality than I'd expected. The Eamess'- that's Angus and Leigh, a nice looking couple in their late thirties. Both of them are solicitors and I sit for their one year old, James. He's a good baby, very quiet and well behaved, and that's why I was so surprised that night when Angus came back after being gone only a few hours. He said he just wanted to look in on James and see how he was, but I could sense that something was up.

Angus finally admitted that he and his wife, Leigh, had a fight at the party they'd been to and that he had left her there. She was to spend the night with a girlfriend, he told me, and in the meantime, could he pay me to stick around for a few hours and take care of James? I'd be glad to, I said, but I'd need to ring my housemates & let them know I'd be late.

When I returned, Angus had made me a coffee and James was sleeping. I could sense that he needed someone to talk to and so I instinctively gave him my shoulder to lean on, never thinking for a minute that it would lead to sex. But before long, Angus apologized for blabbing away about his troubles and asked me about my boyfriends, asking me to tell him what I liked about the opposite sex. I told him that boys my age were far too immature. While I loved to fuck them I was more interested in older guys. I knew that this would shock him so I delivered it with a wicked giggle. 

Now this wasn't entirely true but one thing lead to another and soon with the feeling of closeness; we became enveloped in a warm embrace.

It wasn't long before he led my hand to his zipper; pulled it down and fished into his red undies so that I could remove his cock. Falling to my knees, I slowly wrapped my lips around it. I would have given anything to see the expression on his face then, but as it was, I had to take his throbbing erection as my sole evidence of how much he appreciated what I was doing for him. I closed my eyes to savour the taste and feel in my mouth, slowly running my tongue along the ridge of his circumcision.

I could hear Angus's sudden gasp on pleasure as my mouth closed around his knob. His hand dug into me hard, pulling me closer as his hips thrust vigorously back and forth. I closed my eyes again, sucking hard and eagerly at his thick seven inches. I could feel the head of his prick slam the back of my throat with each powerful thrust and this excited me all the more. The feel of his hard, straining cock in my mouth awakened a savage hunger in me I'd rarely known before, but couldn't wait to satisfy. Carefully I lovered my right hand inside my undies so have I could gently brush my clit as I sucked thai pretty little cut cock.

He was fucking my face with short, hard strokes by then, and I loved it and wanted more. I took him in as much as I could each time, but I wanted it all, imagining in my mind's eye that it was my hot, wet cunt he was fucking with his beautiful cock which slid in and out of my mouth as the wet, slurping sounds filled our ears. Angus was breathing hard and pressing my face in so far that my nose was nestled in his pubic hair. I was surprised that while the hair on his head was a silver grey his pubes were thick and dark. 

Angus's hands tightened in my hair, but I kept his prick deep in my mouth, eagerly awaiting the hot, jetting spurts of cum I could feel building up in his balls. Then I felt the hot blasts, hot and wet and sticky. I sucked hard squeezing his sperm-bloated balls and trying to draw out the last precious drops and savour the delicious taste.

To my complete surprise, I began coming myself. Of all the guys I had ever sucked, no one had ever given my an orgasm before. Now this middle grey haired, aged solicitor was making me cream my knickers as I blew him. My pussy contracted again and again, sending waves of pleasure throughout my body. I took my hand out of my pussy and held onto Angus's cock for dear life, gasping for air through my nostrils as the final spurts of jism filled my throat and I gulped them down.

By the time I had composed myself enough to let Angus's cock slip out of my grip, I was in for another surprise. I caught my breath, licked the last of the jism and opened my eyes. Standing in the doorway was Leigh, Angus's wife! Angus saw her at the same time I did and his body tensed as I jumped back, ready for anything.

Not a word was spoken as Leigh came towards us. I was already on my feet, smoothing down my skirt and looking for a place to hide, when Leigh put her hands on my shoulders and looked deeply into my eyes. "This couldn't be what I thought it was, could it?", was my first thought as her hands touched my shoulders one part of me felt sure the woman was going to strangle me then, while the other part felt a strange, unfamiliar tingling in my loins.

I tensed momentarily, and then relaxed, as Leigh's hands cupped and squeezed my breasts. I found myself kissing her, slowly and deeply, her tongue probing the depths of my mouth, and bringing the heat in our bodies to full flame. I could feel her hands unbuttoning my shirt as we kissed and soon her hands had a firm grip on my tits. She was pinching each nipple between her thumb and fore-finger as we ground against each other. 

Somehow or other the three of us managed to stumble and trip our way into the bedroom. Angus was helping me take off my skirt as he assisted his wife in slipping out of her bra so I could touch her soft, full breasts. Leigh's breasts are much bigger than mine and I'd always envied her that, unconsciously. But now I couldn't wait to wrap my lips against each nipple and suck them like her infant son.

With all three of us naked on the bed at last, Leigh spread her legs for me gas I hovered above her. My gaze was drawn, as if be a magnet, to her soft, warm pussy and I reached out my hand hesitantly to touch it. Angus was behind me, his hands cupping my tits as he leaned over my shoulder.

"Kiss it, baby. Eat my cunt, "I heard Leigh whisper and I was irresistibly drawn to it. Angus got around beside me and put his hand on the back of my head, gently pushing me down into Leigh's clit. I was immediately rewarded with a gasp of pleasure from her as she lifted her hems and pushed Angus's hands out of the way so she could bury my face in her own beautiful pussy. I swept my tongue across her cunt lips, up and down, and shot my tongue deep inside her when I hardened it into a stiff pink "V". 

I wriggled in to get closed to her as Leigh's hands gripped my hair and held me firmly in place. My haunches were high in the air as I twisted my neck and shoulders to get my tongue in deep. Leigh's moans and screams of pleasure were enthusiastic, telling me how well I was doing each time I touched her clit. The only time her hands left my hair was to spread her luscious pink cunt lips wider.

Angus had grown rock hard again just from watching all the action. He got back around me, kneeling in much the same way that I knelt behind his wife's sweaty thighs, and began playing with my pussy, checking it for sweatiness and occasionally spreading it downwards with his hands. At the same time I could sense him taking his blood engorged cock into his hand and testing my asshole and cunt.

He would stick just the tip in my pussy and sweep gobs of love juice down into my bum hole. Then he would try me there, prodding against the tight, puckered opening with insistent force. Finally I could stand it no longer the next time he put his prick in my pussy, I lifted my head and pressed back into him, so hard that his thickness was embedded to the hilt.

Leigh moaned, "Oh, god, don't stop! Don't stop eating my pussy!", and reached up frantically to bring my head back down. But she didn't have to worry. I had no intention of stopping eating her. Angus began pounding my pussy grabbing mounds of flesh at my hips as he straightened his back and thrust into my with merciless intensity.

Leigh was beside herself by then as the tension and anticipation of climax mounted within us. She was squirming about on the bed so frenzied that I could barely keep her still long enough to find her sweet pussy and eat it some more. But when I did find it, her shuddering climax seemed to trigger my own and I shot over the edge with a rush. My pussy tightened convulsively around her husbands thrusting cock and I felt it leap inside me, spraying my insides with sperm.

Leigh moaned mindlessly, flailing her arms on the bed as her husband blew his load in me and she came. The three of us came almost simultaneously, a mind-warping, bone jarring explosion that left us weary and exhausted. Angus slowly slid out of my cunt and the three of us nestled in a panting heap of arms and legs on the doona.

Not that any of us had the opportunity to think about the night before, but Leigh explained later that she had been enjoying lesbian interludes with some of her friends for some time and it had been putting a strain on their marriage. Now that the three of us were established as a threesome, and she could share me with Angus, she felt much happier and more secure about her marriage. As you've probably guessed, the three of us continued to see each other quite a bit in the months and weeks to come.

Since then, I have eagerly pursued threesome activity whenever I can get it.