 "I'm really hungry," I told Teresa, "Would you mind if we went to lunch before we started shopping?"

Teresa was in town to do some shopping and then have a girl's night out with me. My eight-year-old daughter was spending the weekend with a friend and my husband had to work overtime all weekend. He never liked it when Teresa and I would get together. He said that he was sure that we acted like whores when we were out alone. Sometimes, he was right.

Teresa has been living with a guy for ten years and they have two kids together. When she called to plan this, she told me she had a man friend and wanted me to "get someone" too.

I explained that I have this friend that I've grown to like but he'd never be able to get away from his wife for a Saturday night. "So I'll just come along for part of it and then leave you and whomever. I might be a loose woman, but I'm not one to screw just anything!" I reminded her. "I also have a jealous husband to deal with!"

We've been best friends for years and long ago, partied on the edge with some motorcycle-riding guys in some pretty bad situations. Some how, we'd been able to go to these bars, tease and torment a few guys then slip away without getting nailed.

We went to Applebee's and after ordering our food, Teresa said, "Now, I don't want you answer this right away." She continued, "When we meet up with Jeff, we could rock his world!"

"No!" I snapped, as soon as I figured out that she wanted the two of us to jump into bed with her friend. 

"Think about how much fun we could have," she pleaded. "It would have to be just for him. You and I can't do anything together. I'm not bi-sexual!"

"I don't even know this guy! How do you know he'd want this and that he'd want to do it with me?" I argued.

"I'll let it drop for now," Teresa summed it up, "But I'll not take no for an answer."

We went from store to store. Teresa wanted a red bra and panties. She couldn't seem to find the exact thing she wanted so she bought a purple set that was just the style she'd been looking for. She kept saying, "We've got to find something naughty for you."

I said, "No!" and we continued shopping. I love shopping, especially for clothes for me, so I gathered up some bargains along the way including a nearly back-less sweater that I thought might make taking my jacket off at work, more interesting. 

Throughout the day, Teresa would bring up the subject again and again. "He's handsome. Broad shoulders, big hands." She stressed all the things she knows I think are sexy in a man. "I know he'd love you!"

It was after eight when we got to her house, about an hour's drive from mine. We teased about what might happen and I still said that I wouldn't screw her boyfriend. As she put on her new purple bra and panties, I said, "When the time comes, I'll just slip away."

"Just wait until you meet him," Teresa explained, "He's six, one and 220 pounds. He's roofer so he got the broad shoulders you love..."

We clowned around, had a little something to eat; my stomach was doing flip-flops, worried about how this might go.

We walked into The Office Bar, around ten. I noticed several men watching us as we worked our way through the crowd to a small table off towards the back.

Teresa was wearing black short-shorts and a black tank top. I had on my short jean shorts and my camo-colored, floral tank top.

"Hi," a man got up and greeted us.

"Tonia, this is Jeff."  Teresa made the introduction.

We sat down, Jeff in the middle, and ordered drinks. There was a kareoke going and a couple of horrible sounding drunks singing songs I didn't recognize.

The more we drank, the funnier the singers seemed. Jeff would let his hand drop from the table onto my bare thigh and, if I didn't push it away, he slipped it higher.

I glanced at Teresa and Jeff must have been feeling her up to, by the look in her eyes.

As my glass would get close to being empty, Teresa would dump the rest of hers in mine and order another round. "You've got to stop that!" I objected. "I'm going to get so drunk I can't drive home."

I kept drinking, even though I knew I was having too much. I did not want to do what Teresa had suggested. I started saying, "I'm going to have to head on home." 

"You're not going home yet," Teresa would smile and I knew what she meant. 

As the drinks continued, and his fingers persisted, my resistance waned. Jeff was looking better to me with every sip. I kept drinking. 

"I need to get going," I repeated.

"You're not going anywhere," Teresa said sternly. "You don't need to leave tonight."

Suddenly a much different look came over Jeff's face. He realized what Teresa was saying. "No, Tonia," he grinned from ear to ear, "You don't need to leave tonight." His hand gripping firmly on my thigh.

Teresa suggested we leave and go to his apartment. I was drunken enough that I didn't say anything, just went along.

We walked to the apartment complex, next door and Jeff showed us inside. I couldn't help but notice that the guy had a big bulge in his tight jeans. 

We sat on the couch, one on each side of him, of course. Some giggling started and soon he put his hands between our legs and rubbed the insides of our thighs.

"In case you have any doubt," Teresa stuck her tongue in his ear, "Tonia and I are here to rock your world! We are going to fuck you until you can't fuck anymore!"

I stared at the big bulge in his jeans and slipped my fingers down to it and grabbed it, "What's this big thing?" I teased.

"I think there's enough for two," Teresa grabbed him too.

"I think you're about to find out!" he turned, gave me a smiling look and his fingers moved up the leg opening in my shorts and pressed against my panties. "You seem ready," 

I'm sure he noticed how wet I was. Suddenly I realized that I was going to fuck this guy. I didn't know why, but I was! I was drunk. I would fuck almost any guy now.

For the next few minutes, Teresa and I rubbed and squeezed his swelling while he fingered us. Teresa seemed to like it and I know I was really getting into it.

"Let's go in the bedroom," Jeff suggested.

We all jumped up and each of was nearly ripping off our own clothes, scampering to the bedroom and leaving a trail of clothing along the way.

Teresa grabbed Jeff as soon as we got in the bedroom and they kissed passionately. Jeff reached out his hand pulling me closer and then dropping to my pussy. I felt a fire building as he started fingering me again. 

In one quick motion, we all fell to the bed. Jeff guided me to lie next to Teresa and said something like; "I'm going to love this!"

With that, he jumped Teresa and shoved his cock into her wet pussy. 

He started working on her pretty good, but was supporting himself with his hands so I was doing without any attention.

I tried to figure out what I was going to do and propped myself up on one arm, gazing across his muscular back. I leaned forward and kissed his massive shoulder, my tongue drawing tiny circles on his skin. I stared down at his hips, racking up and down as he fucked Teresa.

In a quick move, Jeff shoved me over on my back, pulled out of Teresa and jumped on top of me. "Your turn," he spoke with a grunt.

His wonderful body came down hard on me. I was so swollen and wet, he moved right in and hammered me a few times, saying something about me being so wet already. He must have thought I came because as I gasped and started getting into the rhythm of the movements, he backed out of me.

I grabbed at his shoulders to keep him there, but he smiled and returned to Teresa who was watching us. 

He proceeded to unload a number of hard thrusts as he pumped his cock into her. They both cried out and I sat up and watched his butt cheeks twitch as he released his load.

I grabber his broad shoulders and pushed him off Teresa. "Got to get him up again," I gazed down at the cum-covered cock that was shrinking.

I lowered my face to the soft flabby cock and licked all the juices from it. I then worked it in my mouth while my fingers fondled his balls.

In a moment, Teresa moved around to help. We both started sucking and licking the spongy cock while Jeff watched.

"I'd like to see some touching between you two," Jeff directed.

Teresa seemed reserved but I reached over and gently cupped a breast with one hand and then teased her nipple with my thumb.

We'd never done anything like this before and she had a look of concern or doubt in her eyes. I wasn't ready to stop. Her soft breast felt so good.

"Come on, Teresa," Jeff instructed, "Play with Tonia's tits!"

Teresa's fingers gently touched my hard nipples. I held back the moan I had inside. Then Jeff reached out and squeezed our tits too. 

I really needed something. Teresa seemed to enjoy us licking and sucking Jeff's cock together, but stopped touching me quickly.

Jeff's cock was responding nicely. I gazed at it, "My turn?" I looked at Teresa.

Teresa smiled and eased back. I got up and straddled Jeff, facing him and lowered myself onto his manhood.

"Oh, Tonia!" Jeff groaned as my pussy swallowed his long pole, "You look so good like this!"

I started jumping up and down on him and he grabbed my bouncing nipples and squeezed them hard.

I tossed my head back as I rode him, slamming down as hard as I could. I gasped and gasped. I groaned and groaned.

Jeff was raising his hips to meet my thrusts. "You are a sexy fuck!" Jeff grunted.

I glanced over at Teresa and couldn't tell how she felt about this now. I slipped my fingers down and rubbed my clit hard and fast.

In a few moments, I climaxed.

Teresa pulled me off of Jeff, as his cock was ready to explode.

She saw it pulse and start to shoot off.

"I'll eat it," I dove, face first to the eruption, taking his cock into my throat.

His hands grabbed the back of my head and he finished by fucking my face.

Teresa pulled me off and sucked wildly on Jeff's cock. It didn't really go soft this time so she climbed on it and went for a ride too.

"Come on Jeff," she jumped on his rod, "Teresa wants some more!"

I lay on my side watching them and still felt horny. Without thinking, I was teasing my breasts and nipples with one hand and poking my soggy pussy with the other.

"Fuck me!" Teresa cursed, "Fuck me you fucking stud! I need some more fucking!"

I moved over and straddled Jeff's face, still fingering my pussy in front of him.

"What a nice cunt!" Jeff moaned.

I sat down on his face. I ground my pussy against his mouth and felt his tongue darting inside me.

"Tonia!" Teresa laughed, "You are a slut!"

I didn't care. It was now only for sexual gratification and I didn't much care how I got it!

I squeezed my nipples and arched my back, Groaning and moaning.

Just then Teresa nearly screamed and reached a climax. I turned to see her face and lost my balance.

I rolled over to the side and Jeff's face followed. He dove in and sucked on my clit while ramming his fingers in my pussy. 

I reached down and grabbed his head. His long curly blond hair was the softest I've ever felt. I held his face as tight as I could. I quickly went over the edge and squeezed his head between my thighs.

Teresa was getting off the bed as I came down, "I've got to pee," she slipped away.

I slipped of the side of the bed and started gathering my clothes.

"Where do you think you're going?" Jeff came up behind me.

"I'm going to have to go home," I smiled, "My husband is going to want some too."

"I'm not done with you, yet!" he turned me towards the bed. "Put your hands down on the bed, slut!"

"I need to be going," I tried to get away.

With that, he grabbed me and shoved my size 6 body on the bed and followed right behind. "I'm going to fuck you like the dog you are!"

He raised my hips and buried his cum covered cock deep inside me. My pussy was so soft and wet; he went right in to the hilt.

I gasped for air, my face down in a pillow and grabbed for anything to hang onto. He slammed harder and harder. My head was against the headboard and I thought he was going to drive me through the wall.

"I'm going to fuck you. Tonia the slut! Fucking you like you need it!" Jeff kept up the attack.

"What are you doing now?" Teresa's voice called out as she entered the room.

With that, I felt his grip loosen and I slipped away from him, "You're turn, Teresa," and I got out from under him.

As Teresa got on her knees, I headed out of the bedroom, gathering my clothes along the way.

I started walking and getting dressed at the same time

I dressed quickly and headed for home.

I lit a cigarette and glanced at the clock as I pulled out of the nearly vacant bar parking lot, "It's three o'clock. I wonder what I'll have to deal with at home."