 The following happened so long ago there's no point in using false names; if the other people involved are still around to read this, then they'll probably be happy to be able to remember it!

I was in the Australian Navy for 15 years before I finally got to Hawaii; I'd been just about everywhere else - the Far East, Japan, the Philippines, India, Fiji, New Zealand, Scandinavia, the Mediterranean, and the east coast of the U.S.A. - and been to England twice and lived there for a total of five years. But Hawaii had constantly eluded me - just when it was announced that the ship I was in was going there, I'd be posted off.

But when I finally made it, it was well worth the wait!

After a two-week voyage from Sydney, we berthed at Pearl Harbour on a Friday afternoon, and that evening all we officers (nearly 200 of us - I was in Australia's only aircraft carrier) had to attend the obligatory official cocktail party on board. With that duty behind us, most of us went ashore to try to get two weeks' worth of dirty water off our chests, so to speak.

Of course, every female we spoke to knew precisely what we were after, as we weren't exactly subtle. While our accents did intrigue them, they resisted all our blatant attempts to bed them - locals and tourists alike. So we returned on board, hornier than ever.

The second night in (Saturday) a bunch of us went to a cinema in Hotel Street ("downtown" Waikiki) to see the famed "Deep Throat" - and, of course, that didn't help us at all!

The next morning, I received a telegram - I had become a father again. My wife and I had been hoping that the little fellow might arrive before I left, but he had decided to take his time. Anyhow, that meant that that evening I had to "wet the baby's head" - helped by quite a few of my fellow officers.

By 9pm the guzzling had slowed down some, and most of the drinkers had gone ashore again. About a dozen or so of us remained, and I was playing "Liars' Dice" with three other guys and steadily going through a bottle of port when a rather rowdy gang of people arrived in the wardroom (officers' mess).

They had been brought back from the Pearl Harbour Officers' Club by another of our officers, to sample the hospitality of "the baby green aircraft carrier" as the Yanks called it. (That was one big advantage we have over the United States Navy - our ships are "wet", whereas American ships are "dry", and to further ice the cake, the booze is at duty-free prices!)

So we had to abandon our dice game and turn to being good hosts, and it soon became common knowledge among our guests that I had just become a father for the second time. Of course, they couldn't buy me a drink, as all the drinks in the wardroom are on the "chit" system, but they were quite happy to toast my newborn son with drinks that we bought them!

Anyhow, I got to talking with one particular couple, Lynne and Jay Smith. Jay seemed quite a nice guy (for a civilian!) and his wife was a little honey. She was only a couple of inches over 5 feet tall, and quite slim - but quite shapely with it, and a nice pair of tits. I started dancing with her, and it was she he moved against me - with the obvious physical and quite uncontrolled reaction on my part! She, of course, felt it, but made no comment.

When she excused herself to go the ladies' room (we always had one of the heads - toilets - set aside for ladies while in port), I said to Jay, "It's a pity girls like Lynne are married."

"Why?" he asked.

"Because it makes them unavailable to the rest of us - like me."

His reply sent my mind racing:

"Not really..."

When Lynne came back, we started dancing again, and she asked me how long we'd been at sea - meaning, of course, how long since I'd "had it". I told her a little over two weeks, to which she replied,

"It must be hard."

"It is," I replied. "Can't you feel it?"

She thought that quite funny, and the next time I went to the bar to get another round of drinks I noticed her leaning close to her husband to say something she obviously didn't want anyone else to hear. When rejoined them, Lynne asked me,

"Would you like to come home with us?"

"What - for coffee?" I replied - hoping that was not what she meant!

She smiled and said,

"Well, you can have coffee too - if you want."

I looked at Jay, who just had a slight smile on his face. When I raised my eyebrows questioningly, he just gave me a wink.

"Give me a couple of minutes to change," I said.

My cabin was two decks up, and I made it there in record time. I quickly discarded my uniform, and threw on a civvy shirt, slacks, shoes and socks. I nearly broke my neck shooting down the ladders back to the wardroom, and half expected to find that Lynne and Jay had gone when I got there - but they hadn't.

On the drive to their house - which was on the other side of the island, so it took us a bit over half an hour to get there - I found out exactly who they were. I knew they weren't navy, but seemed to have a lot of friends who were. It turned out they were both PhDs, from the university at Berkeley, Ca., and their expertise was sex research! Specifically, group sex; they had already written two books on the subject, and had just finished researching the third. And the naval crowd they had got "in" with were all swingers - and had provided them with plenty of material!

When we got to their house, Lynne went off to change into the traditional "something more comfortable", while Jay got us all drinks. He offered me a joint, which I politely declined, being happy to stick with my Benson & Hedges.

Lynne soon rejoined us, and all she had on was a sort of smock - tied with two thin straps at the shoulders and one either side at her waist. It was obvious that if the straps were undone, all would be revealed...!

We settled on a pile of scatter-cushions on the floor, and Lynne asked me what I had been doing since we arrived. I told her, straight out, "Trying to get laid - without success!" I then mentioned that the previous evening I had been to see "Deep Throat", and she gave a sort of derisive snort. Placing her drink on a small table, she came over to me and gave me a long, deep, tongue-kiss. When she drew back, she said,

"Okay - you've seen the movie, now see the real thing!"

With that she started on my belt-buckle, and I raised my hips to help her slide my trousers down. Then her fingers went to the waist-band of my jocks - from which my cock was already straining for release. When it sprang into view she didn't come out with any bullshit like, "What a size!" because it wasn't. I have only the "average" 6 inches or so, although I have been told the thickness is a bit above average.

She simply smiled, obviously not disappointed, and said,

"That looks impatient."

"It's been impatient for the last seventy-two hours," I replied, hoarsely. "And I think it's on a very short fuse!" Meaning it wasn't going to take much before it blew!

But it was Lynne who did the blowing...

She positioned herself on her knees between my legs, and took my now rock-hard organ in both hands. Her tender touch caused an involuntary twitch, and a drop of pre-cum oozed from the slit. She gave my rod a couple of long strokes with the fingers of each hand, then lowered her head and closed her lips around the knob.

"Oh, shit!" I groaned, as her tongue swirled around my bloated crown. Then I watched in absolute amazement as her lips moved down, down, and down - until her nose was buried in my short and curlies! I could feel my knob pressed into the soft tissue of her throat, which clasped it firmly yet gently, and I had to bite my lip to stop myself coming right there and then.

"Gee-zus!" I exclaimed, then when she pushed her tongue out between my shaft and her bottom lip to lick my balls I nearly went through the ceiling!

Slowly, ecstatically slowly, she drew her lips back up my cock until my knob slipped free, glistening with Lynne's saliva. She smiled at me and asked,

"Just like Lind Lovelace?"

"Much better," I replied, honestly. "I'm feeling it instead of watching it - but I still don't believe it!"

She smiled again and said,

"Believe - and enjoy."

And down she went again, until once more she had swallowed me entirely. I gritted my teeth, and clenched my fists until my fingernails bit into my palms, trying desperately not to let both the spectacle of watching Lynne deep-throat me and the feeling of my knob being squeezed by her throat muscles make me come too quickly - no matter how desperately I wanted to!

When she next moved her lips back up my length her tongue went to work on my knob, her tongue probing the slit while her smiling eyes fixed on mine. She knew exactly what effect she was having on me, and was obviously enjoying it.

After another couple of deep plunges down my length and more teasing of my swollen knob, she took her mouth from me long enough to say,

"Don't hold back - let it go. We've got all night..."

That just about did it. If I had "all night" then I was sure I would be able to work up another load...or maybe even two!

So I just rested on my elbows and let Lynne continue. It took only a couple more "swallows" before I felt that familiar stirring at the base of my spine.

"Uh...nearly there," I croaked, just in case she wanted to pull away. I didn't see any tissues or anything like that handy, so perhaps...

Lynne just glanced up at me with her smiling eyes and carried on, emitting a soft moan that sent a delightful tremor through my cock.

Then I felt two weeks' worth of jism start to rush towards the tip of my cock, and, feeling my cock begin to throb in her oral grasp, Lynne clamped her lips tightly around the bottom of my shaft, imprisoning my knob tightly in her throat. I groaned through clenched teeth as the first spurt of semen shot from me, and I raised my hips in an involuntary effort to force my cock even deeper into Lynne's throat.

She allowed the first two jets of jism to go straight down, then pulled back to keep just the knob in her mouth and allow the rest of ejaculation to splatter across her tongue and against the back of her throat. When I could open my eyes and glance down, I saw - and felt! - her swallowing. She kept her lips clamped around the shaft just below the crown, gently sucking the last few drops from me, then probed the slit with the tip of her tongue to make sure she hadn't missed any.

I hadn't realised I'd been holding my breath until I let it out with a long "Phew!" I was still trembling slightly all over from the intensity of the orgasm, and my cock gave a couple more twitches in Lynne's mouth as she rolled her tongue around the now highly-sensitive knob for the last time before eventually letting it slip from her slips.

She swallowed again, obviously to send the last mouthful of my semen southward, then with a self-satisfied smile on her face, asked,

"Better?"

Stupid bloody question! I thought.

"Much," I replied breathlessly.

"There was quite a lot," she said. "Two weeks' worth, you said?"

"Uh-huh," I confirmed. "But I think my sperm bank is now well and truly empty!"

She smiled again, and said, "Yeah - I think I got it all. It sure felt like it, anyhow!"

As I reached for my cigarettes on the nearby coffee table, Lynne asked,

"Why do let yourself go so long? Why don't you jerk off?"

"I quite often do," I confessed, "under similar circumstances. But we've been playing bloody war-games ever since we left Sydney, and I've been working eighteen to twenty hours a day. Whenever I got into my bunk I just wanted to sleep."

"What about the last two nights? You said you went back to your ship hornier than when you went ashore."

"Again - I was so pissed and tired that I just crashed out. But I'm sure I would have made love to Madam Fist and her five daughters tonight if this hadn't happened!"

Lynne and Jay both chuckled at that, then I just had to ask:

"That deep-throat thing - did you learn it from the movie, or...?"

Lynne shook her head vehemently.

"No - I've been doing it for years." Turning to look at Jay, she smiled and said, "If we'd known we could have made a movie about it, we might be rich by now!"

"Amen to that," Jay said, lifting his glass in a mock toast.

"And I know lots of women who can do it," Lynne went on. "Some of them I've taught how, but the others have been doing it for years, too."

"How did you start?" I asked, genuinely interested. "I mean, I've had plenty of blow-jobs, but whenever I tried to get a woman to take more of me in her mouth she'd end up gagging. I never even knew a woman could take a whole cock in her mouth and throat until I saw the movie!"

"Well...I started giving Jay head while we both still in college. I was so naïve in those days I was determined to stay a virgin until I got married - silly me, I didn't know what I was missing!"

"Serves you right," said Jay, which earned him a poke in the ribs from his wife.

"Anyway, I made up my mind that if he couldn't have my pussy, I'd have to make my mouth like one - and take all his cock in. It took me a while to master it - and there were a few unfortunate mishaps! - but I eventually did it. Much to Jay's delight, I'm glad to say."

Again Jay raised his glass. "I'll drink to that," he said, and did so.

"But the horny bastard wanted more," Lynne went on, "so I gave him my other cherry."

"You mean your..."

"Yep - the ol' Hershey Highway! You know what 'Hershey' is?"

"Uh-huh," I replied with a knowing grin. "I'm a chocoholic - consumed a few bars of it when I visited the east coast a few years back."

"Anyway, that kept him happy until we got married - and I was a virgin, at least in one hole, when I walked down the aisle."

"But I guess you've made up for lost time since, eh?"

They both chuckled, and Lynne said, "I guess you could say that!"

Having regained my composure (and stopped shaking!), I asked,

"Could I return the compliment now?"

"I'd love you to," Lynne replied, with another warm smile. She got to her feet then, and without taking her eyes from mine undid the two straps at her hips. The smock fell apart, held now only by the straps at her shoulders; when she untied those, the two pieces of material fell at her feet.

Her figure was as beautifully proportioned as I'd earlier judged it to be. Her breasts weren't all that large (34-B, I later learned), but they were perfectly shaped with no sag at all. Her trim waist flared into nicely rounded hips, which tapered to smooth thighs and very shapely legs. Her pubic thatch (she was a natural brunette) was neatly trimmed for a bikini, and even in the dim light from the couple of table lamps I could see drops of moisture glistening in the curls. I felt a further stir of excitement when I realised that giving me head had turned her on.

I quickly shed the rest of my clothes, too, leaving Jay as the only one of us still dressed. He continued dragging on a joint and sipping his bourbon as Lynne lay down, rested her head in his lap, stretched her legs out towards me and parted them invitingly.

I positioned myself on my belly between her legs, then had her bend her them and lift her thighs slightly so that I could wrap my arms around them and reach her pussy with my hands. Using my thumbs initially to part her lips, which were already quite swollen with arousal, I easily found her clit - which was almost the size of the end knuckle of my little finger! It looked as if it were just begging to be kissed and sucked - but I was going to make Lynne wait a little while.

I began by running my tongue upwards from just near her arsehole, around her pussy and along the inside of her pouting lips to the top of her slit - but not touching her clit. I did this a few times, very slowly, savouring the taste of her juices.

Eventually I pushed the tip of my tongue into her pussy, which brought a low moan from her lips, and she wriggled her hips slightly. I then pushed my tongue in as far as I could, and when I withdrew it I just had to swallow because of the copious amount of liquid that brought forth. It wasn't quite sweet - just a bit tangy, but delicious nonetheless.

Now I went for her clit - flicking it a few times with my tongue before fastening my lips around it and sucking hard. That made Lynne lift her hips from the cushions and grind her loins against my face, covering my lips and chin with her secretions.

She squirmed on the cushions as I continued sucking hard, occasionally using my tongue to give her love-bud a few more licks, but sucking seemed to be what pleased her most. Whenever I removed my lips to give her another long lick from arsehole to clit she would give a little gasp, and at one stage even a little "Oh!" in a disappointed tone.

Now it was time to give her the full treatment, and with my lips fastened on her clit I brought my right arm from around her thigh so that I could insert my middle finger into her soaking pussy. This was followed by my index finger, then I hooked both fingers and began probing for her "G-spot". I guess I must have found it, as her hips came right off the cushions again, and she moaned loudly.

Still sucking hard, I began to finger-fuck her, stopping occasionally to again press her G-spot. Eventually I got a third finger into her and began sawing my fingers in and out as I continued to work on her clit with my lips and tongue.

Her fingers were in my hair, grasping it tightly in two handfuls, and keeping my face pressed tightly against her. I was finding it hard to breathe, and now understood why some women's perfect man was a guy with a 6-inch tongue who could hold his breath for 10 minutes!

Thankfully, she wasn't long in climaxing. She almost tore my hair out by the roots and came right off the cushions again as I felt her little bud throb between my lips and her pussy muscles close tightly around my fingers.

She let out a long, low "Ooooohhhh!" of ecstasy as the orgasmic spasms wracked her body, and the juices flowing from her pussy ran right down to my wrist. When I thought she had finished I gave her clit one last flick with my tongue, which caused her to involuntarily try to close her thighs.

"No more - please!" It came out as a sort of giggling moan, as she used her fingers in my hair to lift my head from her loins.

Repeating her earlier stupid question, I grinned and asked,

"Better?"

Without answering, she pulled my face toward her, raised herself up and forward, and gave me another deep tongue-kiss - tasting her own juices in the process.

"You did that very well," she said huskily. "Lots of practice?"

"Fur pie is one of my favourite dishes," I told her honestly.

Jay then got up to refresh our drinks as I fumbled in my shirt pocket for my cigarettes. We lay there for a while, sipping our drinks, smoking our respective types of cigarettes, and chatting - about sex, of course!

I asked them how they'd got into the sex research business in general and group sex in particular. They said that when they'd been discussing a topic for their thesis, it had seemed to them that there hadn't been a comprehensive report on American sexual habits, etc., since the Kinsey Report of years earlier. They were already in the "swinging scene", and had been from the first year of their marriage - ever since, as Jay had said, Lynne realised what she had been missing!

To cut a long story short, they thought that as they had first-hand knowledge already of the group-sex scene, they might as well use that as the subject for their thesis. Jay wrote his from a man's perspective, and Lynne from a woman's - and each received their PhD. They then wrote a book, which was quite successful, on the virtues of polygamy versus monogamy, and then a second totally on group sex in America. To do that they had toured most of the country, after setting up meetings with various people through a contact magazine, and had mixed business with pleasure as they gathered material.
