 There's an adult bookstore not too far from where I live, and I've been known to go in and drop a few bucks on different things. More than once, I've been checked out by the guys in there, as it seems most of them are gay guys looking for a quick hookup. I've never done anything with any of them, but I usually end up going home and rubbing one out thinking about what it might be like.

Finally, in the middle of a pussy drought, I decided to go down and see if anyone was there, and see if I might actually find a guy I might want to hook up with. I've been with a guy once before, and while I had enjoyed myself, I remember feeling a little guilty about it. I'd like to think that I've grown as a person since then, and that the guilt wouldn't be a factor this time. More importantly, I'm horny, and I've been fantasizing about cock a lot, lately. It's time to experiment a little bit, and see how it feels, no pun intended.

I took a log shower, paying special attention to my cash and prizes. I also soaped and cleaned my asshole, thinking about possibly going all the way and getting fucked, if the right situation occurred. I dressed in loose clothing, minus anything underneath. I jumped in the car for the short drive over, and when I pulled into the lot outside the store, there were several cars parked. A good sign to my way of thinking.

I entered the store, and went right for the magazine section, where a lot of the guys congregated. I was surprised when I went in, as there was also a couple of women there as well. Normally, it's pretty much all guys, so this was a pleasant change. One of them was dressed casually, and obviously only there with her boyfriend, as they were looking at sex toys, and she was pretty much oblivious to the stares of the guys. The other girl is the one that really caught my eye. She was a bigger girl, probably pushing 250 lbs, but she was tall enough to offset her weight, and pretty enough that most guys wouldn't care. She was wearing a very thin blouse, and a bra that had to be a couple of sizes too small by the way her tits overflowed it. Her shapely legs came out of a skirt that would be considered indecent pretty much anywhere else, it was so short.

I looked her over once, then made my way towards a rack of magazines featuring bisexuality. She saw what I was looking at, and walked over to a man in the corner. I saw him look my way and smile, then whisper something in her ear. She grinned, and walked away. I looked him over, and liked what I saw. He was a slim Asian man, very good-looking, and just exuding self-confidence and raw sexuality. I smiled back at him, and went back to browsing my magazine. I lost track of where she went, and was about to go into the arcade to see what was going on there, when she whispered in my ear.

"So, are you really bisexual, or just curious?"

I turned, and she grinned at me.

"I've never been with a couple, but I do consider myself bisexual."

She smiled, and waved her hand. The man she was with came over to me, and we introduced ourselves. Her name was Lori, and his was Hung. They were a friendly couple, and we chatted quietly for a few moments. I was about to excuse myself, not thinking this was going to go anywhere, when Hung asked the question.

"So, Eric. Would you like to join Lori and I for a night of mutual enjoyment?"

I looked at both of them, and nodded. He smiled, and they led the way out of the store. I followed them to a home not far from my own, and parked on the street. I entered their house behind them, and Hung offered me a drink. We sat for a few moments, chatting idly, when Lori excused herself to freshen up. Hung leaned forward towards me, and smiled.

"Lori tells me you've never partied with a couple, but that you are a bisexual man. Is that right?"

"It's been a little while since I've been with a man, but yes, I am bisexual. I firmly believe that sex is a beautiful thing, no matter who the partner, as long as the enjoyment is mutual. Does that make any sense?"

I heard a noise in the doorway, and turned to see Lori standing there, wearing a thin robe, and nothing else. She smiled at me, and moved into the room.

"I think it makes perfect sense. The three of us are going to have a wonderful time tonight."

She stood in front of me and removed the robe. Her large breasts hung low on her chest, and she was fully shaved. I could smell the arousal coming off of her, and I reached out and gently cupped one pendulous boob in my hand. She moaned softly, and I move din to suckle it. I saw Hung move in to the other one, and we both teased her erect nipples. Lori held our heads to her, and moaned as we licked and kissed her big tits. Hung and I moved into the valley between them at the same time, and as our lips moved together, he sighed softly. For the first time in many years, I was kissing a man, and I had never been harder than I was right then. I felt like my cock was going to burst right through my pants, and he must have sensed this, as he reached down and gently cupped my cock in his hand. I moaned, and Lori smiled.

Hung dropped to his knees between my legs, and untied the waistband of my pants. I lifted my waist, and as Lori dropped down to join him, he slid my pants right off, revealing my hard cock to them both. I looked down to see Lori running her tongue along my shaft, then Hung lifted my cock to his lips and took it into his hot mouth. The sight of this hot man sucking my cock was an incredible thing to see, and it took all of my willpower not to shoot my load right then and there. Lori suckled my balls, then climbed back up to the couch next to me, and straddled my chest. I sucked each of her big tits, then she moved further up, presenting her wet pussy for me to enjoy. I dove right in, licking and suckling her hard clit as Hung continued to work over my cock and balls. I felt his hands exploring my ass, and then I felt a finger gently touch my virgin ass. I relaxed myself as best I could, and let Hung slide a finger slowly inside of me. Lori ground her pussy in my face, and came noisily at the touch of my tongue. Her juices covered my face, and I lapped up as much as I could.

She finally climbed off of me, and moved down to take Hung's place. He stood up, and quickly removed his own clothing. His hard cock was smaller than mine, but more than enough for me. I reached for it willingly, and he moaned as I stroked him gently. Hung climbed up onto the couch, and straddled my head, guiding his shaft to my mouth. I took him in, trying to get it all in my mouth at once. I tried to do all of the things to him that I knew I enjoyed, and he rewarded my efforts with deep moans, thrusting gently into my mouth. Lori licked my cock and balls, then slid down and tongued my ass while she jerked my cock.

Hung pulled away from me, and sat next to me. Lori wasted no time in straddling my waist, guiding me into her wet snatch. She was a tight girl, and my cock felt right at home inside of her. She rode me to several shaking orgasms, and then rolled me over, letting me do the driving. I was thrusting deep inside of her when I felt Hung's hands on my ass. I slowed down, letting him get himself in position. I knew what was coming, and he didn't disappoint me. As I slowly fucked his girlfriend, he pushed his hard cock into my virgin ass. I relaxed myself as best I could, and he was very gentle with me, taking his time, letting me get used to having as cock in my ass. As I got used to him, he began to thrust inside of me, and that force me to thrust inside of Lori, as well. I was in the middle of a sexual sandwich, and I was loving every minute of it. Lori's plump body rocked with each stroke, her massive tits shaking and jiggling.

Hung was well into the short strokes, and I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck. I reached back and grabbed his ass, and with a final thrust, he shot his load deep into my as. That was enough to set me off, and I shot my own load deep into Lori's tight pussy. She got off on us getting off, and the three of us wrung every ounce of come from the other. Hung collapsed to the floor behind me, and I pulled out of Lori to flop onto the couch next to her. She immediately moved down between my legs and began to lick my ass, trying to get all of Hung's come out from inside of me. I moaned as she sucked on my ass, and I felt his come dripping out of me. She cleaned me up with her tongue, and I saw that Hung was doing the same for her, eating my seed out of her cunt.

The two of them collapsed onto the floor, spent. I moved down next to them, and the three of us shared a group kiss. We lay there for a while, just enjoying the feel of the person next to us, when I felt a hand moving towards my cock. Lori had a gleam in her eye, and my cock was slowly rising to the challenge. I looked at Hung, and saw the same gleam in his eye, and smiled. I pulled him close, and as we kissed, Lori moved down between us to suck each of our cocks in turn. Hung moved his way down my body, kissing bare skin all the way, paying special attention to my nipples. I've always enjoyed having my nipples pinched and sucked, and this was definitely no exception.

The two of them took turns on my cock, slathering it with large amounts of saliva, and then I watched Lori licking Hung's ass, doing the same thing. As I lay there, Hung positioned himself above my cock, and with one smooth motion, impaled himself on my rod. The tightness of his ass was incredible, and I watched in wonder as he slowly rode my cock up and down like a merry-go-round horse. Lori moved next to me so she could watch, and was busily fingering herself silly. I reached over and pinched her stiff nipples, and used my other hand to fondle Hung's tight ball sack as he rode my cock. Suddenly, he pulled off of me, and dropped to his knees.

"Take me from behind, Eric. Fuck me hard and fast."

I always do as my lovers ask, so I positioned myself behind him, and drove my cock back into his ass. He pushed against me, and I pounded him hard and fast, just as he wanted. I could feel him tensing up, and Lori moved quickly beneath him, just as he shot his second load. His seed covered her massive tits, and she rubbed it in as he moaned heavily. I fucked him hard, and when my own load was building in my sack, he pushed me away, then quickly took my cock in his mouth. He sucked me like a pro, and I filled his mouth with my second load of the night. He swallowed every drop, and milked me dry before collapsing at my feet. Lori was still fingering her snatch, so as a gentleman, I moved over and buried my face in her cunt, licking and sucking her hard clit until she screamed in ecstasy, coating my face with her juices yet again.

The three of us lay there on the floor, all of us spent. The rest of the night was spent in exploration of each other, and as dawn peeked over the horizon, I was shooting my third load into Lori's plush ass while Hung filled her cunt with his own seed. We all slept a short time, then I reluctantly got dressed, kissed each of them goodbye, and climbed in my car to go home. When I put my hand in my pocket for my keys, I felt a slip of paper. I pulled it out to find that they had written their phone number on it, with a little note.

'Feel free to call us anytime, Eric. You are always welcome in our home, and especially in our bed. Lori & Hung.'

I smiled, and as I drove home, I thought about what had happened over the course of the night. This time, there was no guilt about being with a man, just a sense of satisfaction and enjoyment. I would be calling them again, and soon...