 I log on and my friend catches me and asks me to drive to see him but its three hours away and I can't possibly but I am curious why so I ask. He says, "Do you remember telling me you wanted a threesome with two cocks just for you?" 

I say, "Oh yeah! I do want that so bad." He tells me, "I have a friend here ready and willing so why don't you come down we will take care of you." I regret it, but I must say, "no." My fantasy so close yet so far away. 

The next day I have a date planned for 6:00 p.m. but around 3:30 p.m. I notice my friend is back online talking to me. He says, "Guess where I am!" 

I reply, "I don't know!" 

He says, "Right up the road at Best Western." 

My mind is spinning because I have this sinking feeling what he is about to say and I already have a date driving up from 3 hours away. I tell him I can't do it I have a date and he calls me a chicken which he knows will get me there. He taunts me to bring my vib when I come. So I leave a message for my date, go take a bath, and tell him come get me.

In the room I instantly tell him fix me a drink knowing I need it for my nerves. I have wanted this moment since as far as I can remember. Excited, already wet just anticipating feeling those cocks in my pussy. 

He says did you bring the vib and I kinda covered my reddening face and whispered, "Yes its in my purse" and hand it to him. His friend takes it and puts it in a bag of ice so now I am realising this is going to happen. I have to undress in front of two men and have sex with them. Taking one last drink I agree to go undress in front of them. 

Trey ( the friend's friend) says, "lay down," which I did as he began to explore my pussy rubbing and feeling my already swollen clit. My friend Chris begins kissing me and caressing my breasts and from my soft moans and my wet pussy they know I am loving it.

Trey slowly slides the ice chilled vib in my hot, wet pussy working it in and out really slowly as he gently rubs my clit with his fingers. Arching my back pressing my breasts up to Chris's warm mouth. My nipples so hard and sensitive from Chris's licking and sucking. His mouth is so hot as it covers one nipple then the other driving me crazy. 

Trey is rubbing my clit hard and slamming my hot wet pussy with ol' blue (my vib) giving me all 8inches of it deep in my pussy. My back rising off the bed as I get closer to cumming for the first time. "Omg yes oh yes harder" I am moaning louder and coming off the bed as I am cumming all over ol' blue.

Chris tells me to suck Treys cock but go easy and make him last a long time. I nod and do as I am told.. Trey lays back on the bed while I get on all fours slowly licking the head of his already hard cock tracing it ever so slowly with my tongue. Softly, inch by inch all the way to his balls. Licking and sucking them for just a minute before returning to his nice hard cock. 

All the while my friend is sliding his fingers in and out of my pussy enjoying how wet and tight it is. He pulls them out running them up and down my ass getting me all wet. He slides his hard throbbing cock in my pussy feeling me take him in all the way to his balls. 

He moans low as he reaches deep in my pussy with his swollen cock. With a gentle slap on the ass he gets me to move closer to him shoving his cock as deep as it can go. He starts moving faster and harder shoving his friends cock further in my mouth making him groan with pleasure as his cock reaches my throat. 

Trey grabs my head and starts fucking my mouth so hard I can't help moaning from the feel of it slamming into my mouth. Chris is pumping me harder and harder making me moan on Trey's rock hard cock. Trying not to stop sucking his cock as I shake and moan louder and louder cumming all over Chris's cock. 

My quivering slows but they keep pounding me bringing me closer to cumming again. Chris tells me slow down on Trey's cock and tease him a while so he can fill my ass up with his cock. I do as I am told again releasing his cock and begin to kiss and lick him all around but not directly on his painfully swollen cock. I work myself back to it slowly as Chris starts running the head of his cum soaked cock over my ass. 

In just a couple minutes, I am wet enough and relaxed enough for him to slide his cock in..slowly pushing the head in hesitating waiting for me to push myself back against his hard cock taking it in at my own pace. Finally he is all the way in and I feel Trey's big hand on my head pulling me back to his cock.

Once I am sucking cock again he finds his way to explore my wet pussy using two fingers to rub my juices all over my clit. I can't help it his fingers make me tighten up on Chris's cock nearly sending him over the edge. He slaps my ass lightly and groans, "stop it! I want to fuck your ass a while. Don't make me cum yet!" 

I force myself to relax again slowing down on Trey's bulging cock to tease him once again, but he wont stop rubbing my pussy. I can't help it I lose control jerking and moaning nearly screaming this time. "OH MY GOD!" It is so fucking awesome, cum pouring out of my pussy soaking his hand but he wont stop.

Chris is slamming my ass like there is no tomorrow screaming, "Damn! TREY don't stop now make her scream again her ass is so damn tight now I am losing my mind!" Trey holds my head down as he is fucking my mouth while his hand is fucking my pussy.

Chris is grabbing my ass and slamming me as hard as he can driving his cock so deep I think I will lose my mind this time. I scream uncontrollably, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Oh god yes! Oh! Ah! Oh! Yes! Oh my god!" moaning and shaking like there is no stopping it I can't control myself even my legs are quivering. 

After a couple minutes I let go of his cock and pull away from Chris and lay down and tell them, "We just have to stop a minute. My legs are like jello!" Little did I know it was all just beginning. 

Trey got up and Chris laid beside me and put my hand over his cock. I always love his cock it is so nice and hard throbbing just for me. I slowly begin to lick his cock teasing as I always do. 

Trey is playing with my pussy again slipping my vib back in as he slowly rubs my clit.His hands on my pussy feel so good. My clit is getting super sensitive but still wanting more. Chris tells me get my ass up there and let Trey have some of it so he knows how nice it feels too. So while Trey holds the vib in my pussy I get back on all fours again.

Trey gently, slowly slides his cock in my ass while I am sucking lightly on Chris's cock. I can feel his cock throbbing and pulsing in my mouth he needs to fill my mouth with his cum. Trey is pumping slow and easy while I start to suck harder and faster.  

It is Chris's turn to caress my pussy with his fingers, playing with my clit rubbing and tickling sliping his fingers in my pussy getting them wet then back over my clit. He knows I love it and he is driving me so close to over the edge again. He tells Trey to fuck my ass good and hard and make me scream. 

He does so right away, pounding my ass shoving my vib deeper and harder pushing Chris's fingers out of my pussy so he can only rub my clit. His fingers find that spot that makes me pulse and ache needing release wanting so bad. I start pushing against Trey's pulsing cock slamming that vib as far as it can go feeling it hit deep and hard making me insane. 

Being rocked so hard it slams his cock deep into my throat as I am sucking Chris's cock like there is no tomorrow. Chris holds my face looking at me as he moans, "Come on baby, fuck him good show him how good you really are!" Moaning louder and louder as I get so close to releasing and losing my mind. 

The room is spinning I want cum in my mouth and I want it now! I suck harder just right like I knowing how he likes it;,rubbing his balls with my hand, feeling him come off the bed with it. But he never stops rubbing my pussy pressing so hard on my clit that its just pulsing away I can feel the my juices begin to flow. Shooting all over my vib as my ass gets tight oh so tight around Trey's throbbing cock.

I feel his swelling and I know he will blow any second.. but I can't wait on them. I start to cum over and over dripping screaming so loud and slamming my ass into Trey's cock so hard he cant handle it and loses it filling my ass with hot cum. Chris grabs my head and shoves his cock deep in my mouth and pumps it full of his yummy, hot, juicy cum.

Now all I need is a few more fantasies fulfilled! That was awesome and I would love another 3 some with 2 men.