 Hey guys, sorry it's been a while since I posted. Life is busy!

*

Like most college students, I've found it necessary to have a part-time job to make it through the month. My parents don't have a lot of money, so I've pretty much been out on my own since I was 18. I've been working since 15. But that's beside the point.Currently, I'm employed at a local ice cream place, and almost everyone I work with is in high school. Almost. I work with two college students, and I've found myself fantasizing about one of them for quite some time.

Mandy is 20 and I think she may be one of the most beautiful women I have ever laid eyes on. Not too skinny – she has some curves like a REAL woman should, but she's in great shape. I'd guess her tits are about a 36D and she wears a size 8 or so. She has chin-length dark hair and big brown eyes and fair skin and big pouty lips, the kind that would make anyone want to kiss them. Enough to make even a straight girl (well, I guess bicurious) such as myself wonder what it would be like to caress her curves as I pressed my lips against hers.

A while ago, I started to notice the way my boyfriend James was looking at her. I also noticed the way she was looking at him, and, always being game to try something new, I brought it up with James. We were in my bedroom one night lying in bed. I turned onto my side and looked straight at him.

"You have a thing for Mandy, don't you?" I asked.

"Of course not, sweetie. I love you," was his response.

"It's okay if you do. She's gorgeous. I kind of have a thing for her myself..." 

"You do?"

"Mhmmmmmmmm," I replied.

After lots of consideration, we decided to ask her to join us for a threesome. Of course since she was my friend, this task would fall into my hands.

Now let me preface this by saying that I was a virgin up until last year – and James was my first, and has been my only, partner up until now. My heart was thudding the day I asked her.

"Mandy, I have a question for you."

"Yeah, Chloe?"

"You think James is hot, right? I know you've said it before."

Mandy blushed. "Yeah, but he's your boyfriend!" Mandy told me. She looked confused. "Well, what if you could... you know... fuck him?"

"I could never..."

"Mandy, its okay. I talked to James about it, and he has a thing for you, too."

"He does?"

"Yes, he does. And to be completely honest... I do too."

I could tell Mandy was nervous, probably almost as nervous as I was. I reached up and tucked a stray piece of hair behind her ear. 

"You're beautiful."

Many looked at me and smiled, she leaned forward a bit, and I closed my eyes and brushed my lips against hers. Tingles went up and down my spine. 

"Mmmmmmm."

"So if you want to come over on Friday..." I told her.

"I'll be there."

James and I waited nervously for Mandy to arrive on Friday night. I had been too excited to eat dinner, and too nervous to do anything else, so I sat on the couch drinking a glass of wine. James sat next to me, his hand on my knee and I rambled anxiously. A couple minutes after 8, the doorbell rang.

I jumped off the couch and went to answer the door. Mandy was there, in all her curvaceous beauty wearing a short black skirt and a light pink shirt that accentuated her breasts quite nicely. I gave her a quick peck on the cheek and James went into the kitchen to get her a glass of wine.

He brought her the wine and stood behind her, stroking her back. James was all smiles. He ran one hand down her arm and touched my cheek lightly with his other hand.

"Its gonna be fun girls, don't worry!" He laughed, and we looked at each other and blushed.

After Mandy and I had each downed a couple glasses of wine, our nerves soothed, we headed to the bedroom. I'd cleaned up, put a few candles out, but nothing too special. No rose petals or scented massage lotions or anything. James turned me towards Mandy and gently pushed me towards her.

"Go for it," he whispered in my ear.

I smiled and reached out for Mandy. My lips found hers and I kissed her gently at first, then harder. I parted my lips slightly and my tongue flicked against her lips. She opened her mouth and we started kissing deeply. My fingers grabbed at her hair, pulling face closer to mine, her hands roamed along my waist, my sides, my hips. I pulled her hair gently and ran my fingers along the side of her face and down her back and wrapped my arms around her waist. I tugged her closer to me and my kiss broke free of her lips, roaming down her neck. I could hear her quiet sighs as I nipped at her collarbone and her exposed shoulders.

Mandy's hands grabbed at my shirt, tugging it off. I removed hers and unfastened her bra and began kissing her chest, running my fingers along her beautiful tits, toying with her nipples. She took off my bra and began playing with my chest, pinching my nipples as she pushed my head away from her. She bent down slightly and began sucking on my tits.

"Goddddddddd, Mandy, that feels so gooood!" I squealed.

"Mmmmhmmm.." She mumbled as she worked my tits with her mouth.

I wrapped an arm around her neck, encouraging her to keep sucking and biting, as my other hand traveled down towards her skirt. I hiked it up to find she wasn't wearing any panties. I stroked the outside of her pussy and her mouth let me know she liked what I was doing. I looked over Mandy's shoulder and motioned for James to come over. At some point when we were kissing, he got undressed and he was stroking his hard cock.

James stepped closer to us and tickled Mandy's pussy. He slowly inserted one finger into her cunt and she moaned. When he pulled it out he offered it to me.

"Want to taste, Chloe?"

I nodded and sucked his finger into my mouth. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm..." I sighed.

"Come eat her out, Chloe," James instructed me.

I pulled away from Mandy and James guided us to the bed. We both crawled up and James pushed Mandy down onto her hands and knees. James grinned at her and rubbed his hard cock on her face as I knelt down and buried my face into her sweet pussy. I went to town licking and sucking at her clit as I felt her rocking back onto my face. I heard her gagging slightly on James's cock and realized she probably hadn't had one as large as his before. As James moaned I started fucking her with my tongue. She tasted so good! I reached down and started to finger myself as I sucked on Mandy's cunt.

"Chloe, is Mandy nice and wet?" James asked. "Yes. And tasty!" I replied.

"Come here, babe, let me have some." 

I crawled across the bed and pressed my lips against James'. 

"Mmmmmm, you're right."

James reached down and lifted up my skirt.

"Poor thing, you're all wet. Do you need to be fucked?"

"Yes James."

"That's fine, but I want you to keep eating Mandy out while I fuck you, okay? You're going to lay on your back and Mandy is going to sit on your face."

I smiled, excited at the prospect of being fucked and eating out another woman at the same time. I lay down on my back and Mandy came and pressed her pussy against my face. I felt James position himself at the entrance to my cunt and he rubbed his thick 9" cock against my slit a few times before he shoved himself in. I moaned into Mandy's pussy and she groaned with pleasure.

James hammered away at my pussy, no tenderness. Just raw, uninhibited sex. I shoved my tongue up Mandy's cunt and my fingers played on her clit. James pinched and grabbed at Mandy's tits as he fucked me. 

"Mandy, do you want me to fuck you?"

Mandy's pussy got even wetter.

"Yes! YES!"

"You have to cum in Chloe's mouth before you can feel my cock, do you understand?"

Mandy began to grind herself into my face as James fucked me. His cock stretched my cunt as I moaned and screamed into Mandy's pussy. Mandy reached down and grabbed my tits and started pinching my nipples.

"Fuccccckkkkkkkk," I murmured into Mandy's cunt. "Fuck, that feels good."

Mandy let go of my tits and reached forward. I felt her fingers working my clit. Screaming into her cunt, I felt my pussy spasm around James' cock. He fucked me hard and deep through my orgasm and then pulled out. He stood up and pressed his cock against Mandy's lips and she hungrily licked it.

"That's right, slut. Lick up all of Chloe's cunt juice," I heard James whisper.

At the mention of the word slut, Mandy groaned and pushed herself against my face, hard. I shoved my tongue deep inside her and I felt her pussy gushing with the most delicious cum I have ever tasted.

"Chloe, did Mandy cum?" James asked.

"Yes," I mumbled from under her.

"Mmmmmm, good Mandy. Chloe, be a good slut, and let Mandy taste her cunt juice."

I lapped at her pussy for a minute to gather a good amount of cum and then wiggled out from under her. Mandy turned around and bent down and kissed me deeply, tasting her cunt on my mouth. I could hear her sigh.

I felt James roughly push Mandy up onto her knees.

"Eat the cream out of Chloe's pussy while I fuck you, Mandy."

Without any warning, James slammed his thick cock into Mandy's pussy and groaned. He started banging away at it. Mandy buried her mouth into my pussy as I writhed beneath her, watching my boyfriend fucking my beautiful friend. I put one hand on the back of her head and pressed her mouth harder against me. I could feel her tongue darting in and out as James fucked her hard and deep.

Mandy pulled away from me and started screaming for James to fuck her harder. I couldn't take the sight of him fucking her cunt so hard, so deep, so fast. Her rocking back and forth on her knees, her mouth glistening with my pussy juices, her tits bouncing with every thrust in and out. I buried three fingers in my pussy and worked my clit with my thumb.

"Ohhhh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" I head Mandy yelping.

She screamed and moaned as James thrust his huge cock into her, splitting her tight cunt into two. I watched her shudder, clearly enjoying her second orgasm of the night just as I felt myself peak. I roughly shoved my fingers in my cunt and felt myself cumming. I moaned as I orgasmed for a second time, as well. When my orgasm subsided, I pulled my fingers out and offered them to James, who sucked them into his mouth.

He continued to hammer into Mandy until she collapsed on the bed. James slid off the bed and stood up on the floor and motioned for us to come knee in front of him. Mandy and I, both exhausted, did as asked. I looked at her and kissed her deeply as James stood in front of us stroking his cock. Mandy turned towards James and licked the head of his cock. He stopped stroking it as she sucked it deep into her mouth and began working her tongue along his shaft. I heard her gagging as his cock hit the back of her throat, and I bent to fondle his balls. I turned my head and began sucking and licking at his balls as he fucked Mandy's mouth.

"Shit, I'm gonna cum. Both of you look at me."

Mandy and I both pulled away from James as he grabbed his cock and began to pump it hard. I looked at him, my eyes wide and innocent, just as the first spray of cum came rushing from his cock. It spurted and hit me on the cheek. James turned his cock to Mandy and unloaded three more spurts one on her cheek, one on her lips, and one on her eyes, before turning back to me shooting more on my face and eyes. I looked up and smiled at him, and he looked satisfied. James threw on a robe and returned a few seconds later with a damp cloth.

I gently ran the cloth over Mandy's face, cleaning her up, and then down her body. She smiled and I leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips.

"Thanks Mandy, that was wonderful."

"No," she said, looking at me and then at James. "Thank you for sharing James!"

We both giggled and Mandy wiped off my face. The three of us crawled into bed naked and I fondled Mandy's breasts as she snuggled against me. I slept hard and long that night, resting up for what might happen the next day...

Part II? You tell me! Your feedback is very much appreciated!