 I would like to take this opportunity and write about the best sexual experience I had as a young man. It took place in the late nineteen seventies when I was twenty two years of age. It involved my fuck buddy at the time, Mary and her flat mate Margaret. 

Mary and me got together when me and a friend of mine met and "picked up" both Mary and Margaret in a bar close to where they lived in Putney, West London. They were already sharing at the time and we went back to their place for a shared fuck, meaning we fucked our partners in the living room. "Same room fucking" as I later termed it.

I was a fortunate young man at the time with regard to the ladies. Not just that particular night but in general since I came of age as a teenager. I had a good start when I was fifteen and it gave me the confidence and attitude to chat up and bed women. I was also quite sporty and as I had a half decent physique this helped as well. 

Mary and Margaret were of the same mould. Mary was a year older than me whereas Margaret was a mere "baby" at twenty. Both knew what they were looking for though and had the attributes to get whatever they wanted. Mary came from Northern Ireland and Margaret was of Irish decent, the same as me. They were similar in background and in that sense they also had other things in common. They both had long, dark hair and the same classical pale but radiant, healthy complexion that to this day turns me on more than anything else, including a big pair of tits. Speaking of which they were both well blessed in this department - very well blessed in fact. It was because we spotted these two well endowed, voluptuous, young ladies sitting on their own that this that made us approach them in the first place. Mary, the one I bedded, was the more voluptuous of the two. Margaret although not really in the same league as Mary would win any voluptuous competition hands down but it wasn`t until later when she had matured and filled out a little that she could compete. Still, Mary was probably the most impressive woman you were ever likely to meet when it came to voluptua.

What really set Mary and Margaret apart though was their attitude to sex. Like me they had a good start in life being blessed with their looks as well as their bodies both having started having relations with the opposite sex at a tender age. Mary having this matriarchal aura about her could always get whichever man she wanted and Margaret, who matured early, would hang around and be accepted by her older "competitors" wearing make up and losing her cherry well before her contemporaries - she once was engaged to be married when she was just sixteen. Here at the age of twenty she was still hanging around with more "elderly and experienced" girls. 

Playing the field as they had Mary and Margaret found each other and became instant soul mates, finding similar criteria from what they each wanted for their physical and mental needs: a good fuck with interesting men. Now I wouldn`t call myself God`s gift to woman and certainly not at all interesting - an attribute which if one had would put you well ahead of the rest of the field - but that night having made ourselves a tiny bit "interesting" by telling some new jokes, supplemented by numerous glasses of white wine, we were able to get inside their knickers.

Walking back to their place afterwards arm in arm with our latest "conquests" the aura of sexuality was further manifested. They were both femininely dressed, the clicking of their high heeled stilettos on the pavement heightening the presence of "woman". Mary was 5` 8" tall, Margaret slightly shorter, so wearing their heels they reached the same height as us. Espying their legs, they were shapely, sturdy, not stick insect like, complimenting the rest of their voluptuous aura. They possessed round hips and shapely buttocks to complete the package: full figured, voluptuous. We realised we had pulled a pair of cracking women: attractive, busty, sophisticated who, as we later found out, craved the cock. 

It didn`t take long for the action to start once we entered Putney`s "den of iniquity". As soon as the door to the outside world was shut, our tongues were down our respective partner`s throats and our hands were roaming each others bodies. I cupped Mary`s right tit: it felt simply divine. It was so full, soft, firm; I could have gently held it for hours, as I would do in the future. But other matters had to be taken care of first. The fire in Mary`s eyes and the need that was manifesting itself in her behaviour heavily suggested that she needed something badly. Very badly. I thought I could smell the juices running from her pussy so lustful had she become. I uncupped my hand from her huge tit and in no time at all four of us were stark naked; us sporting proud erections (what red blooded male wouldn`t have in this situation - the excitement was a cure for impotence) the girls shamelessly exhibiting their nude bodies except for their matching brown stockings and white suspenders! 

It must be said in that in the ladies fashion of the time, mini skirts were out, trousers were in and the ones that did wear skirts, sexy hosiery and high heels were the norm. By sexy hosiery I mean stockings, and suspenders, were occasionally still to be seen. 

They also sported full hairy muffs. Mary`s was mousy coloured, moist, soft and fluffy. Margaret`s darker, more thickly spread. Then it would be the norm to witness the full beaver as compared to modern times, something I feel that is sorely missed today - the natural look. There were no fake boobs, air strips, liposuction and tanning shops around in those days.

Visually and consequently mentally it couldn`t have been any more erotic being in the presence of two milky white skinned voluptuous women in stockings and suspenders staring ardently at our hard cocks, wanting us, willing us to fuck their brains out! For me personally it was perfection: big boobs/stockings and suspenders being my main vice/fetish. 

We all soon got down to it with our respective "pulling" partners in the living room. Without thought we were shagging in the company of others. This was a new one on me but I later found out that this was a common practice in the "Putney slut house": Mary and Margaret hosted regular shagging sessions with willing males in the confines of their living room. They enjoyed the naughty spectacle of watching other couples fucking, indulging in their favourite participation of "Same room fucking." What a pair of trollops we had pulled we had thought. Little did we know that they were both holding down respectable jobs, building careers in the banking industry, where, when they weren`t focused on their work, their thoughts turned to cock.

Now I don`t pretend to being well endowed, certainly not large enough for the porn industry, but I do have a good cock mainly in the girth department, something I found over the years girls appreciate more than length and all Mary would vocalise about whilst I was fucking her was how much I was filling her. Harking back again this was just before the age of VCR`s so not many of us had ever seen a porn film. That first time she was non-stop in revealing how much pleasure she was having. How I instantly didn`t come I will never know. Somehow I ended up having her perched on a table, me fucking her standing up, her back at forty five degrees to the wall so as I was stable I was able to manhandle her impressive milky white tits whilst I fucked her. I was having the time of my life, the best fuck I had ever had and the way Mary was responding I would like to have thought it was one of the better ones she was having too.

Meanwhile Margaret and my colleague, Ben, had finished copulating by now and watched us from afar after the throes of their mutual orgasms. I noticed Margaret was watching with particular interest.

Mary`s pussy felt fantastic as I continued to thrust my length as deep inside her as I could. It was tight and very accommodating. We got a good rhythm going; she rubbing her clitoris as I held onto those perfect, soft white breasts of hers. I had accidently found our best fucking position as I was able to do as I wished with her tits without worrying about my stability. 

Of course, the amount of pleasure we were having couldn`t last much longer and eventually we came together, looking intensely into our eyes as we watched each other overcome with the uncontrollable physical reaction of our deeply intense orgasms. 

What a fuck that was. Our first time and we had really and truly fucked each other`s brains out!

When we had recovered, Mary suddenly, covetedley, took me by the arm to her bedroom. I sensed that she quickly wanted out of the situation, out of the multi coupling environment, into the privacy of her own quarters - she didn`t want to share me with Margaret. It was in her bedroom we spent the rest of the night having sex; fucking each other until we were spent. I was grateful to have been able to have felt so horny, Mary had brought this out in me. Not only was she physically my type but her behaviour in the sack inspired me as well. I hadn`t fallen in love with her but we seemed to have met our soul mate with regard to our sexual needs. Going out with her after that initial meeting it felt good to be with someone who felt horny at the same time as you did. 

That wasn't the incident I wanted to write about though. 

After that initiation into Mary & Margaret`s lifestyle, as mentioned, I saw Mary again. Ben and Margaret didn`t hit it off, because, I speculated, Margaret wanted the same kind of action that Mary and me were having. From the moment I espied Margaret watch me fuck Mary, I just knew she wanted me to fuck her too.

Whenever I saw Margaret, she would welcome me, smile at me, flirt with me, encroach my space, deliberately brush one of her large, firm breasts against me. Being the loyal type that I am, that is not wishing to hurt anybody, I resisted these overt/covert approaches. She was an extremely sexy beast and if it wasn`t for Mary I would have been shagging Margaret instead, of that I was certain.

Whenever I saw Margaret the morning after one of my overnight stays, I could see a look of envy envelope her face. She would have heard Mary`s continuous cries of pleasure whilst I fucked her and brought her to orgasm. Margaret was an angry young woman who felt left out of the action. It wasn't not fucking me that made her just so but not being able to find someone who could - not finding someone to lay her the way she wanted to be layed, to fuck her the way she wanted to be FUCKED!

The point of this piece, the occasion of the best sex I had as a young man, took place a few weeks after Mary and me first met - the night of the "same room fucking" incident.

It was midweek and Mary and me had arranged to meet in local not far from where she lived. We had arranged for me to afterwards stay and fuck her at her place. I was driving so I couldn`t drink too much - I needed to conserve as much energy as I could for the anticipated activities later on, so I didn`t feel left out there. Margaret was there too, unaccompanied, so the three of us had the night to ourselves. 

It was a good night. The wine flowed amongst them and as it wore on the conversation became a bit more fruity as they got tipsier and drunker, losing their inhibitions as they began to discuss what all naughty girls like to talk about: men and their cocks.

"Sometimes Margaret goes out without her knickers on," said Mary, in a fit of giggles. 

This would be in the context of them wearing stockings and suspenders, a habit I knew they frequently did and one that Mary would regularly do for me. We both knew that when she raised her skirt to reveal her stocking tops it would get me hard, still does to this day - I strongly suggest it as an alternative to viagra. Sharing a flat as girls do they would regularly parade themselves either in the nude or in their scanty panties and suspenders, when they wore them. A sight that was I am afraid only for their own gazes and not to any male attendees - unless they were participating in some "same room fucking."

"Mary!", Margaret said. "There`s no need to tell Brian that!" 

Knowing Margaret as we did though it came as no surprise. Not wearing knickers! What was the world coming to? Respectable women going out into the world looking, and dare I suggest it, feeling like a slut or a whore underneath! This was another new one on me, one I totally approved of!

From what had been said it was apparent that I was in the company of two stunningly sexy ladies clad in shiny, dark brown stockings and suspenders. No one else present in the our locale was as privy to this information a I was! For once in my life I felt in a very privileged position.

"Are you going to take them off then?" asked Mary presumptuously.

"I will if you take yours off first," replied Margaret, now joining in the fun.

"Ok then," said Mary and off she went to the LL (ladies loo) to take off her knickers.

Needless to say, I thought the girls were being very naughty. Especially when Mary came back and furtively showed us her discarded item of underwear from her handbag. I then grabbed them and smelled the crotch before putting them in my pocket. They smelled dirty but nice: musky, of perfume, and they were sopping wet. Margaret soon followed suit revealing a very lacy pair. I gave them the same treatment: they too smelled of moist, aroused pussy. How I wallowed as they sat opposite me, swaying their crossed legs in unison, turning themselves on as they tightly ground their thighs together, applying pressure onto their moist clitties. They both knew I knew of their little game and as Mary pouted and licked her cherry lips at me, we all knew that matters would be taken further when we went back to the flat. I was also afforded numerous deliberate views up their skirts: stocking tops, forbidden smooth white flesh and moistened pubic hair were seen in plentiful supply in our little corner. (I was later told of their "knickerless" two week holiday in Spain the previous summer - that`s right they went without wearing their knickers for a fortnight. But I`ll save that for another time.) 

Marching down the street then on the way back to the "den of sin", I never felt better having these two stunningly sexy women on each side of me, arm in arm, their discarded knickers in my pocket, the clicking of their high heels echoing around the narrow street. I could feel their heavy breasts bounce against me as they chatted and loudly screamed away in their drunken stupor. Would the previously over protective Mary allow Margaret to join in in our sexual tryst? I wasn`t so sure but being a male of the species I wasn`t going to turn down the offer should it arise. It was looking good though: the wine, that I mostly paid for, appeared to be working in lowering the girls inhibitions with regard to allowing me to be the focal point of a threesome - surely most males greatest fantasy. I decided not to raise my hopes too high as it may end in disappointment and in any case I didn`t want to particularly hurt Mary. With regard to the drink I consumed, well I had a ready made excuse about me driving home later so I confined myself to the safe amount of two slow pints of lager, not enough to dampen my ardour! 

Any misgivings I had were misplaced though as soon as we took off our coats and settled in the living room of the girls` flat. They both knelt down in front of me. The bulge I was displaying couldn`t hide the excitement I was experiencing.

"Brian has a really big cock," said Mary, eyes smiling looking at Margaret.

As I said before it isn`t of porn movie proportions, I think Mary meant it in the context of how it hadn`t disappointed her yet - always hard and ready for action, something I would defy any straight man in the company of this beautiful, sexy, voluptuous woman. 

"It`s the biggest one I have ever had. Would you like to see it?" 

The reciprocating look in Margaret`s eyes gave her thoughts away. She was truly feeling horny and was eager to partake in our "menage at trios." She seemed pleased at my aroused member although it was not out in the open.

"Unzip yourself Brian," Mary requested.

I acquiesced and dragged my trousers and boxers down to my ankles. My cock popped upwards, classically angled at 45 degrees. The head was exposed, smooth, bloated, shiny and throbbing. The girls eyes were fixed upon it and the look in their eyes was a genuine look of awe: their pussies leaking with desire. I vainly felt proud as my glistening cock throbbed just inches away from their faces…and deliciously lusty.

"Let`s take our clothes off," Mary said in readiness for what she next intended. 

I unencumbered myself swiftly of the rest of my clothing whilst I admired the girls bodies reveal themselves from out of theirs. When they had shed their bras, not a sight for sore eyes I can assure you as their abundant mammary flesh came into view, they were both left in just their stockings and suspenders. A much practised routine I later thought, from all the shared "same room fucking" orgies they had encountered.

"No don`t," I interupted, "leave them on," I requested instinctively as they were about to detach the suspenders from their stockings.

"I think Brian has got a fetish about ladies clad in stockings and suspenders," Mary said to Margaret, knowingly.

"Has he?" asked Margaret, eager to know my predilections. Knowing all along that she had more than a passing interest in me, since that time she watched me fucking Mary, she was now in some way about to fulfil her aspirations.

"He has," said Mary. "He`s likes fucking me in them. He confided in me that he likes ladies in stockings and suspenders," she continued, emphasising the term "stockings, and suspenders". "Ever since he was a boy when he walked into the living room and saw his Auntie crouched on the sofa in such a way he could see up under skirt; she was wearing stockings and a white suspender strap was clearly visible over her milky-white flesh."

This was true. Mary had discovered my Achilles heel, my weakness for ladies in stockings and suspenders. But I`ll tell you more about that at another time.

The atmosphere in the room was heady: heady with excitement, sexual excitement. I could feel my cock throbbing with wanton lust and I think the girls could sense this excitement. Whenever we spoke it was with a throaty expression - a confirmation of the arousal we were all having. 

In unison they presumed their previous position kneeling in front of me, admiring my heavily bloated cock from a close distance. Mary then took the predictable initiative as was her want by placing my cock in her mouth. It did after all belong to her more than it did to Margaret who I could tell wanted to sample it down her throat as well.

"It`s so big Margaret I can`t take all of it in my mouth," Mary said softly, sexily, barely able to hear her. She had taken hold of the situation and this new tone in her voice had elevated the atmosphere to a seemingly higher sexual level. 

Mary continued to suck my cock before offering it to her best friend. "Want some?" she asked, knowing that this particular invitation would not be refused. Margaret didn`t need any prompting. As soon as she got the go ahead she had my cock in her mouth in less than an instant.

Margaret gave good head. She truly was a sex bomb who knew exactly what she wanted and when she got it, knew how to make the most of it.

"My turn," said Mary, needing, wanting my cock in her mouth; yearning to suck it. She still had first claim to it. I loved the methods, the terminology, they used in taking turns to suck my cock.

Margaret reluctantly, obeyingly, plopped my cock out of her mouth. She made a small smile to Mary and for a few short moments they both stared intensely at my member. They were both behaving shamelessly, unladylike in their admiration for my cock and their desire to have it. It was a case of sheer lust overwhelming their senses.
