 I had a few emails from people wondering where Donne, Nancy and Jill went. Don't worry they're still around; the story's taking a slight turn. For the better, I hope. We'll get back to the others very soon. 

For now I hope you enjoy another adventure with cousin Cassie and her roommate Sakura. 

Feel free to comment below or shoot me an email. I'm trying to write everyone back. Enjoy. 

***** 

Sakura tentatively poked her head into her dorm room, not sure what she would find. Usually it was her that brought the boy back home for a night of fucking, but this time it was her stodgy, sometimes prudish roommate, and occasional lover, that never wanted to go out, have fun, and relax, was the one that brought home someone. 

Quietly pushing the door open, Saki snuck her head in further and took a peek to make sure the coast clear. Soft beams of sunlight lit room. Cassie lay curled up in her bed, one nude leg draped over the covers. The door to their bathroom was closed but a light could be seen under the door crack. 

Tip-toeing over, Saki put her ear to the door and heard the low sound of a man's voice humming over the sounds of a running shower. 

With a devilish grin, she snuck over to her roommate. She looked down on her sleeping friend and gave her a warm smile. 

Cassie's sleeping face had a look of complete satisfaction. The last few weeks of studying and taking final exams were always rough for the students, but Cassie pushed herself too hard sometimes. Plus she never relaxed, never went out and had a few drinks, or went to parties. 

The only time she seemed to ever calm down was after Saki and her would make love, but even afterwards, five minutes later she was back to fretting about this or that. 

Guess she just needed a good cock, Saki mused to herself. 

Saki lovingly ran her fingers across Cassie's exposed leg. She brushed her skin from ankle to thigh, gently circling what she knew to be her friend's sensitive areas. 

Cassie moaned and turned onto her back, trying to escape the touch. The movement exposed more of her naked body. 

Saki gazed at her, bathed in sunlight, she couldn't help but feel a little jealous of Cassie's tits. She had a pair nice firm C-cups while her own Asian heritage left her wanting with a pair of As. 

But she knew she had better legs than her sleeping friend so she quickly brushed her jealous aside. 

Saki leaned down and flicked one of Cassie's exposed nipples with her tongue. There was a slight hint of salt on the pink nub. She smiled knowing it was a mixture of both sweat and semen. You dirty little minx. Excited, she advanced from flicking and engulfed the nipple, sucking in her friend's breast. 

"Geez, didn't you get enough last night?" Cassie mumbled. 

"Never," Saki answered, popping the breast from her mouth. 

Waking up, Cass realized it was her roommate and gave her a smile. "Well, good morning to you, too," she said, stroking the side of Saki's face. 

"Good morning. Did you have fun last night?" 

Cassie bit her lip and smiled at her friend. Her eyes glazed over at the memories. 

"Oh God, yes. I didn't realize how much I needed that," Cassie said. "Thank you." 

"Scoot over," Saki said, climbing into bed. "I'm just glad you had fun. From the look on your face a good dicking was what you needed. Too bad it had to be on the last day." 

"I know. God, that thing was thick. He knew how to use it, too." 

"That's always a bonus," Saki said, laughing. "You don't want a dick between your legs that they don't know what to do with. Been there, don't want to do that." 

The two girls laughed. 

"Do you think this ruins things between me and Marcus," Cassie said, breaking the mood. She had been celibate all year for him. He was her next-door neighbor and had become a long-distance boyfriend when she came to college. "I mean, do you think I should tell him?" 

"Did you have fun last night?" 

Cassie nodded vigorously. 

"Then that's all that matters. I keep telling you if you're more than three zip code numbers away, it's all fair," Saki said, pulling her friend close. "Besides, if he's really as hunky as those photos you showed me, then I'm sure he's fucking other girls too." 

"Hey!" 

"What? I would if I saw him. I just haven't said anything because of how serious you've been." 

"Is that supposed to make me feel better, thinking that he's out fucking other girls while I'm trying to be true?" 

"No, I just want you to relax and understand that fucking is perfectly normal. Everyone does it," Saki said. "I do it. Marcus I'm sure does it. That boy toy in the shower obviously does it. And now, you do it." 

Cassie sighed, surrendering to her friend's strange logic. She did just have sex with someone she dragged home from a party so there was no room for her to judge. 

"Come here," Saki said, pulling Cassie's face up to meet hers. She kissed her friend gently on the lips. As they made contact, Cassie opened her mouth. Saki took the invitation and slipped her tongue in. 

The two roommates' tongues danced against each other, swirling and batting. 

Saki's heartbeat quickened with excitement. She pulled Cassie in tighter and moved her free hand down to one of her exposed breasts. She pinched the nipple, eliciting a moan. 

Cassie pawed her friend as well. She grabbed the hemline of Saki's shirt and tried to pull it up. 

Feeling what she was doing, Saki broke away from the kiss and stood up from the bed. She grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it off, leaving her only in her mini skirt and black bra. 

Still in bed, Cassie pulled back the covers, fully exposing her naked flesh to her friend. Making love to her roommate was one of the few joys she had let herself have during the school year. This would be the last time they'd get together before school started in the fall. Neither of them wanted to deny each other. 

Saki smiled at her lover's body. She loved teasing her. Slowly, she ran her hands across her body, from her breasts to her hips, fingers tracing under the waistline of her skirt. She reached up and undid the clasp holding her bra closed popping the garment free and slid down Saki's arms. 

She tossed it aside and cupped her small breasts, teashing her nipples. 

Cassie gently stroked her clit as she watched. The sunlight played against Saki's skin, too, enhancing her soft, pale beauty. 

Saki dropped her skirt around her ankles. She stood there naked. Her close trimmed pussy dripped with need. Even though she had also just fucked a guy from the party, seeing her friend excited her in ways no man could ever satisfy. 

She climbed into bed with Cassie. They held each other close, making as much contact as they could. Their mouths met again and danced with each other. 

"We have to be quick," Cassandra said, breaking the kiss. "Nick will be out of the shower any minute." 

"Really?" Saki said. She began to trail kisses across Cassie's neck. "Maybe I want him to see us." 

"Oh, God," Cassie moaned, excited by the feeling of the kisses and thought of being watched. 

"Do you want him to watch? Do you want to watch him stroke himself as we make love? That'd be hot wouldn't it?" Saki began moving further down, kissing Cassie's breasts, sliding her tongue around the stiff nipples. 

Cassie didn't answer. She pushed her friend's head lower, toward her sopping sex. 

"I'll take that as a yes." She reached her friend's pussy and gently stroked it. "Such a pretty kitty. To think some big bad man was in here last night." 

"Big is right," Cassie said. "Too big I think. I'm still sore." 

"Really? Now this I have to see," Saki said with a devilish grin. She trailed her fingertips around the folds of Cassie's pussy. "I have to see the thing that both hurt and pleasured my girl." 

She moved her head down and kissed the outer folds of Cassie's vagina. 

Cass flinched, instinctively pulling away. "Ow." 

"I'll be gentle." 

Slowly, she dragged her wet, soft tongue across Cassie's lips. Her touch was gentle, loving and well practiced. Saki gave it a l kiss before finding Cassie's clit, slithering her tongue around the button. 

Cassie moaned in appreciation. The skin still felt raw, but the feelings Saki was giving her were more than enough to overpower the pain. "God, that feels good. Next time I get a muscle cramp I'll be sure to give you a call," she said. 

"You do that," Saki said, lifting her head from between Cassie's legs. "I don't want my kitty getting beat up and bruised." She lowered her head back down, resuming her ministrations. 

Cassie's pussy began to seep in her lover's mouth. The tenderness in her vagina was beginning to fade away, replaced by raw pleasure. What Saki was doing to her now was different to the feelings Nick had given to her last night. "Right there," she said, directly Saki to focus on her clit. 

Saki took the encouragement and went further. She slowly reached under her chin and probed Cassie's opening with one of her fingers. Cassie squealed when she felt the finger go in and wiggle around. At first it felt sharp but soon it returned to the gentle, loving feeling she had grown accustomed to over the year. 

"Fuck," she whispered. "Keep this up and I'll cum." 

"I knew I could get another one out of you," Saki said, smiling. She returned to her friend's clit, moving her tongue faster. 

Cassie grabbed onto the back of Saki's head and pulled her in. With her other hand she grabbed a breast and brought the nipple into her mouth. She sucked in time with Saki's sucking, the two points of pleasure exciting her to the brink. She let out a deep moan around her engulfed nipple. Cassie pulled Saki in even further, her orgasm swiftly coming. She wrapped her legs around her lover, locking her into place. Saki wrapped her own arms around Cassie and pulled herself in tighter. 

The two women sucked and moaned. Sweat beaded on both. The air filled with the sounds and smells of raw, passionate sex. 

Nick finished his shower and was in the middle of drying off when he heard the noises coming from the dormroom. With a towel wrapped around his waist, he walked in and stopped, amazed at the sexy sight in front of him. He never would've thought that he'd find his latest conquest naked and in bed with another naked woman who was busy eating her out. 

This is my goddamn lucky day, he thought. His cock turned to steel, tenting the towel further away from his body. 

Cassie saw him and popped her tit from her mouth. She looked him straight in the eyes and moaned. "Saki," she cried. "I'm cumming! I'M CUMMING!" Her words fell silent as pleasure shot through her body. She writhed in sweet agony against her friend's face. After several seconds, she finally flopped down, once again feeling spent but fulfilled. 

Saki released her tongue hold on her and began to gently kiss the inner parts of Cassie's thighs. Cassie stroked her hair and pulled her up, pushing her towards Nick. "Meet the man that almost broke me last night," she said. "Saki, Nick. Nick, Saki." 

Saki looked over Nick with hungry eyes. She drank in his muscled body, stopping at the obvious tent at his crotch. "Show me." 

He obeyed and dropped the towel, exposing his nakedness to her. 

"Me rikey," she said, licking her lips. "You weren't kidding, Cass. I can see why you're sore after getting fucked by that thing." 

Saki wiggled her hips seductively towards Nick. He took it as an invitation and stepped up behind her, lined his cock up with her wet snatch and drove himself in. 

"FUCK!" she cried at his massive intrusion. 

Nick grabbed her hips and began to fuck her hard. The coos Cassie had made and the way the other girl had been comforting her had turned his morning wood into steel. He needed his release. It took all his willpower not to jump in immediately when he saw the tight lithe body of Saki bent over Cass with her head in her lap. His cock throbbed at the sight. Even the soft cotton from the towel had started to drive his cock wild. 

Now that he was deep inside he wasn't going to stop until he emptied himself. 

"You rike?" he asked, mocking Saki's fake, playful Asian accent. "You rike getting ridden by a Mustang?" 

"Huh?" Saki sputtered between his thrusts. 

Nick pulled her hair, twisting her head around so she could see him ride her. 

Her eyes locked onto the black horse tattooed on his chest. She missed it when he had stood out from the bathroom; her eyes had only locked onto the size of his cock. 

"Oh my God. You guys are real?" 

"Yep. Hope you enjoy your last day before summer vacation," he said, releasing her hair. Nick grabbed her hips again and adjusted his angle. He placed both feet on the bed and squatted above her, truly mounting her. 

Saki screamed at the new angle. "Oh, God, that's it right there. Don't stop! Please don't stop." She started to cry from the intense feelings being fucked into her. 

Cassie gently pulled her friend's head to her chest, comforting her. She watched Saki's face contort and twist with pleasure. With her eyes closed and mouth agape, Cassie had never seen her lover liked this. She felt her pussy start to moisten again and kissed Saki deep and lovingly. 

Seeing the two French drove Nick wild. He pulled his cock out of Saki's cunt and slapped her ass with it to get her attention. "Turn over," he commanded. 

The two girls snapped out of their revelry and looked at him confused. 

"I said turn over." 

"No way," said Cassie. "I can't take another pounding from that thing." She indicated his cock. 

"You're not. I'm going to keep fucking your friend. You're going to lick her clit while I do it." 

Cassie felt her body flush at his commands. Saki slowly pushed herself off her friend and flopped down onto her back. She opened her legs, welcoming him back in. 

Nick pounced and threw her left leg over his shoulder. The right he placed around his waist, leaving her vagina open for Cass. 

He slowly inserted himself back in. The primal need he had before he started fucking the Japanese girl had quieted down. He wanted to enjoy the show while he fucked the pair. 

Saki whimpered as he pushed himself back in. The sudden change in pace caught her off guard. Now he felt loving and gentle. 

Cassie watched for a second before laying herself into her friend. She lowered her head down to where Nick's thick cock was splitting her friend and slithered her tongue around the Saki's clit. 

Saki let out a high-pitched moan and pulled her legs and arms tighter around her lovers. "Ooooooh," she cried. "Too much." 

"Don't worry, baby," Cassie said. "I'll take care of you." She resumed flicking the clit. 

Saki nodded her head and started kissing Cassie's close leg. 

Nick slowly pushed himself in and out. He pulled back Cassie's fallen hair to get a better view. He knew he couldn't last much longer with the sight before him and his cock enveloped in Saki's tight puss. 

Saki moaned and writhed beneath Cassie making it hard for her to concentrate on the nub. "I'm cumming," she whispered. "Oooooooooh." 

Cassie felt Saki's body start to tremble, the telltale sign she was cumming. She let up her ministrations and sat back to enjoy the show. 

Nick felt her tighten up as she came and did the opposite. When Cass moved out of the way he changed his angle and furiously fucked Saki through her orgasm. 

"FUUUUUUUUUUCK!" she screamed. Her eyes rolled back. Her tongue drooped out of the side of her mouth. Her body shook and spasmed. Her world went white. 

Nick felt his cum beginning to boil. 

He yanked out his cock and aimed to towards Saki's quivering vagina. "Fuck yeah," he grunted as he jerked himself. White ropes of cum sprayed over Saki's pussy. The white goo stood out in contrast against her trimmed dark fur. 

Seeing the mess, Cassie leaned in and began to gently lap up Nick's gift. There wasn't as much as last night — she had drained him pretty good — but she still enjoyed the amount savoring its salty taste. 

Saki woke up from her orgasm and lay there too exhausted to move "That's a way to start the day," she said. 

Cassie laughed and turned herself around. Basking in the aura of sex, the two started to gently kiss. 

Nick on the other hand pulled his pants back on and got dressed. "Well, ladies that was fun. Enjoy your summer and look me up when you get back," he said, giving them a nod. "The Mustangs are always looking for a few good fillies." 

The two women gave him a dirty look at his crass demeanor. He shrugged and walked out the door. 

"What an ass," Cassie said. 

"Yeah, it was a nice ass," Saki answered. "Good cock, too." 

Cass giggled and pushed her friend away. "Geez, is that all you think about?" 

Saki shrugged. "It's not all I think about but you can't wrong me for enjoying it. I know you had a good time, too. Don't deny it." 

"Yeah I had a good time but that doesn't mean I'm ready for more right away." 

"You're just out of practice," Saki sighed. "A hot little ass like yours needs to get attention. You can't leave it covered up all the time." 

"Whatever." 

"I know what you're going to do when you get home too. You're going to find that boy you keep talking about, fuck him and then tell him what you did," Saki said, leaning back against Cassie's pillows. "And because men are stupid, he'll dump you. Then you'll be mopey all summer, wasting the days away working or staying indoors and not having any fun." 

Cassie didn't say a word. Her friend was spot on about what would happen. She could never keep a secret. The first thing she would do, well second thing she would do, after seeing Marcus would be to tell him everything. "What's your point?" 

"My point is," Saki said, sliding up to Cassie and draping her arms around her shoulders. "Is that you need someone there this summer to take care of you, to drag you back out into the nightlife, to make sure you get that itch between your legs scratched." She began kissing Cassie's neck. 

"Someone like you?" 

"No, not someone like me. Me. I'm coming home with you this summer." 

Cassie moved away from Saki's kisses. "Are you? What about your home, your family?" 

"Dad's underway so Mom went back to Japan. Noone's there anyway. It'd be fun to hang out with a bunch of horny sailors all summer but I'd rather be with you," she said waving away Cassie's concerns. "Boring. Besides I want to meet Marcus. After hearing so much I about him it's only fair that your lovers finally meet." 

"Fine," Cassie surrendered, rolling her eyes. "But my mom's going to put you to work if you come." 

"Yes, sir!" Saki said with a mock salute. "And who knows, maybe we'll have some fun, too."