 "What the fuck am I thinking?" I ask myself aloud in the car as I drive down to the hotel where I was ordered by my Dom to meet him and his best friend for my first threesome. As nervous and afraid as I am to be doing this for and with my master, I can't stop the wetness pooling between my legs every time I think about having two men deep inside of me.

I have been asking myself that question a lot ever since I decided to come out of my sweet and innocent facade I have been showing the world for most of my life. I have never told anyone of my secret sexual desires for various reasons. My upbringing was just one of them. I was taught women just didn't put themselves out there sexually. Not to mention, anything dealing with sex that was out of the bounds of wedlock was considered to be slutty and dirty. Nasty, even. Hell, I was taught if a woman shaves her legs above her knees it means she is easy. I guess I am easy ever since I started to shave my legs as a young girl because I always shave way above my knees. I am afraid my friends and family finding out how sexually depraved, deprived, and how much I love sex is the second reason I push my desires down. They would think I was crazy for liking being bound by my master as he fucks the hell out of me and there is nothing I can do about it if he fucks my mouth, my pussy, or my virgin asshole. They would die at my depravity of loving the way I feel when I step out of line with my master or don't perform a task to his specific tastes or instructions. I love the feeling of his hand smacking my ass or the riding crop hitting my tender flesh. What would they say if they knew how turned on and how powerful my orgasms got with each smack of his hand or the whip? Half of the time I can't believe it myself.

I am afraid of any punishment by my Dom. But I do enjoy every single moment of being possessed and owned by such a strong and powerful man. When he told me of my latest task I knew I would not back out or deny him anything he wanted. I can't explain it, but I need the rush of being dominated and controlled. If he wants me to fuck twenty men while he watches, I would eagerly drop my clothes and agree to it without any hesitation. I want to please my Dom more than anything.

I remind myself that's why I am driving to the next state and being part of a threesome. I grow extremely nervous as each mile ticks by as this is my first threesome. I have no idea what will happen tonight and the thought scares me more than just a little. It scares the shit out of me. My fear is permeable in the car as I push the accelerator a little harder from the nervousness I feel. It's a miracle I don't get stopped by a cop and get a ticket for speeding. The fear and anticipation is so overwhelming I begin to think about turning the car around and going back home. I see the sign for my exit and I know it's too late. There's no turning back now, as I take the exit My stomach jerks with fear and my hands begin to tremble. I feel my stomach lurch and I think I am going to throw up. It's almost unbearable. I can smell the fear swirling around me and I tell myself 'I can do this. I can do this.'

I find the hotel easily enough and walk in with a stomach full of butterflies. I see my Dom and his best friend in the hotel's bar and they wave me over to the table they are sitting at. I walk over to them and smile. My Dom stands and pulls out a chair for me in between them after he kisses me on my lips. I love kissing him. Sitting back down, he introduces me to his best friend. He surprises me with a kiss on my lips also.

"Your Dom says you're a great kisser." His best friend says and I blush furiously. 

I can feel my Dom's hand travel up my skin tight blue jeans as if he was giving me his approval to flirt with his best friend. "Well, I've only had one complaint in my life and he turned out to be a real prick." I explain.

My Dom orders me a Margarita with vodka, knowing I need some liquid courage to calm down. "Hopefully, you will think like Dom here. He's always telling me what a great kisser I am." I flirt. "I will say this, I do aim to please in everything I do." I give him a wink of my right eye and a coy smile.

I inhale deeply and I can smell Dom's and Best Friend's cologne and alcohol twist around me and I feel a rush of blood travel to the most sensitive spot on or in my body.

'Damn,' I think to myself. If a heady whiff of the air invading my personal space turned me on I could only imagine what the rest of the night would be like.

"That's what he tells me." Best Friend says to me. "I will find out if he is telling me the truth or spouting a boat load of bullshit."

I laugh. "He isn't lying. You will find out soon enough." I tease and flirt my ass off with Best Friend. My Dom likes for me to flirt with other men. He even likes for me to fuck other men. As long as I have his permission I can fuck anyone I want to. Personally, I think he gets off on the idea of other men wanting me. Sometimes he even likes to watch via Skype, making a video, or listening on the phone while another man fucks me. I believe our link to one another works so well. As I am sure it works just as well for him. I don't have all the crap that goes along in a romantic relationship. Just as long as I have his permission first I can do whatever I please. This connection works very well for me since I don't have to commit to anyone. I have commitment issues and I always choose men that I don't have to commit myself to for very long. If I do find myself in a relationship with someone and I feel he is getting to close, I will walk away from the man and the relationship.

"You're not afraid?" 

"No," I lie as I take a sip of my drink I know my Dom will protect me and this is his Best Friend and I feel pretty safe physically and mentally with them. Except I know they know I am lying and can see through my false sense of bravado. I don't want my fear to show. I am so afraid it's a wonder my knees aren't knocking underneath the table. I still have butterflies in my stomach and the alcohol is calming me down as I soon begin to feel a different set of hands on my other leg, stroking and even fondling close to the V in between my legs. Under the table where no one else can see, I open my legs a little more so the two men can have easier access to what they want. With their hands on both of my legs they keep my knees from quaking. Dom and Best Friend were trying to keep me calm as I sat there sandwiched between two very sexy men and the mix of their colognes. There is nothing better than a great smelling man. 

My Dom holds my hands and squeezes it to keep it from shaking so much. In my ear, he whispers, "Everything is going to be okay." He tries to calm my fears to no avail. He knows so much about me without me telling him. How? I will never know.

The three of us are finally in the room and I really don't know what to do until Best Friend grabs my hands and pushes me up against the wall kissing me hard and fast. He raises my hands over my head. My Dom stands beside me and fondles my breasts through my clothes. The unexpectedness of it takes me by so much surprise I am disoriented for a few moments. I moan and push up against his hand when it travels down to where my pussy still lays hidden behind denim. No panties. My Dom likes for me to go commando and I follow his wishes. He unbuttons my jeans and slides the zipper down. He finds a hot and wet pussy waiting for him to finger fuck. I am so overwhelmed and turned on by all of the sensations of one man kissing the hell out of me and another man finger fucking my pussy. I can't stop the orgasm that has been building all night. Fortunately, my Master allows me to cum all over his two fingers. He pulls them out of my pants and licks them. He then gives them to me to taste my own pussy juices. I am not afraid to taste my own juices. I know I am a clean person and I have never had any complaints about the way I taste. Every man who eats my pussy loves the taste of my cum and always tells me so. Some men actually tell me they wish to be between my legs and have their faces buried in my pussy as they suck and lick me. I have a fuck buddy who will text me and tell me, he can't wait to eat my sweet pussy. I do taste pretty damn good, if I may say so myself. Even I like the way my cum tastes. 'Now wouldn't that be a shock to my family and friends?' They would fall right over into their graves if they knew I like the way my pussy tastes. Some of my friends don't even go down on their husbands or boyfriends and don't allow their husbands or boyfriends to go down on them. They do not know what they are missing. I love giving head and I love having my pussy eaten. If done correctly, I can come in just a few minutes after a man's tongue hits my clit and the inside walls of my pussy. I can't imagine not going down on a man or having a man go down on me. The only reason I won't go down on a man is if his groin area smells bad. 

Best Friend stops kissing me and says he wants a sample of what Dom has on his fingers. He pushes his hand down my jeans and into my dripping wet pussy. He pulls them out and does the same thing my Dom did. "Your Dom was right, you're a great kisser and you have a sweet ass pussy. I can't wait to taste more." I buck my pussy against his hand, giving two of his fingers access. His fingers inside of me feels almost as good as my Dom's does. However, my Dom's fingers are bigger and can make me cum in a heartbeat. Best Friend's fingers slide in and out of my wet pussy and I have no control over the orgasm that rocks my body. I have now come twice and my clothes haven't come all the way off yet. Dom and Best Friend are still clothed. 

As my orgasm subsides, I watch as Best Friend slides his fingers out of my dripping wet pussy and tastes my juices himself. "Sweet," he says approvingly. He dips his fingers back into my pussy for what I think is another taste. I am very mistaken. He pulls his fingers out and slowly rubs them over my lipstick stained lips and commands me to open my mouth to taste my own juices. I take his fingers into my mouth and suck them just like Dom has done.

I am spent from the two powerful orgasms I have just had by two men in the last few minutes. I grow even more aroused and know I need and want both men inside of my body at the same time. My anticipation and fear grows even more intense at the thought of pleasing two very different men at the same time. 

My Dom kisses me hard before he commands me to take off my blouse and show Best Friend my titties. I do as he asks and can hear both men's approval over how my titties were about to bust out of the tight, under-sized bra I had chosen to wear for this special occasion. 

"Nice," Best Friend says and begins to outline my bra with his tongue. 'Oh, God, I am in so much trouble,' I think as My Dom pulls my jeans down around my ankles. I can barely hear his sharp intake of breath of approval from all of the sensations from the two men's assault on my body. He continues teasing my breasts with his tongue as Dom starts eating my pussy.

"Oh my God!!!" I scream and begin to thrash about on the bed.

"Stay still." Dom orders me and I comply. I have to comply with my Dom's wishes and I promised to obey him or else. My Master knows I like his punishments and knows I don't want to disappoint him. The need for his approval is greater than how much I like his punishments. I always try to please my Master as best as I can. When he issues my tasks for the day I always say a short little prayer that I will not disappoint him. 

Best Friend slides his hand under my bra and teases my tits. My sensitive nipples peak as Best Friend sucks on them as his wine laced breath blows on them. Once at full peak Best Friend bites my nipples. I can feel another orgasm building and evidently so can Dom because he stops licking my most sensitive spots and issues me another order for me not to cum yet. It hurts to hold back an impending orgasm. I obey him once again as he has taught me how to hold back pretty well.

I struggle to continue to hold back my orgasm when I feel my bra being unsnapped and my tits fall out of the tight undergarment. Best Friend takes his time killing me with the hard tugs on my tender nipples with his teeth. I grab a hold of the bedspread and hang on for the first part of the ride. I am quickly losing control as my Dom thrusts two fingers into my swollen pussy. This time I can't hold back the orgasm. "Please Master, may I cum now?" I beg.

"If you must," He replies back to me nonchalantly. 

Best Friend sits back and watches me buck against Dom's hands and scream, "Damn!!! Shit!!! Fuck!!! I'm coming." I thrash on the bed as much as I can before I realize Best Friend is holding my hands down against the mattress. "Oh God!!!!" My body shakes and vibrates. Somewhere in the background of all the screaming, I hear my Dom say something about how hard his dirty little slut cums to Best Friend. 

Before I can get my breathing back to normal, Best Friend and Dom change places. Dom is at my head and issues another order, "Best Friend wants to taste your pussy. Open those legs up wide."

"Oh. My. God." I say. I do as he asks and Best Friend fucks my pussy with his tongue. Dom puts his cock in my mouth before I can scream out at the pleasure I am feeling. Any fear or worries I had momentarily vanishes as Dom bangs my mouth deeper and deeper with his hard cock until he's in the back of my throat. I gag and heave at the onslaught and intrusion that only seems to make Dom harder and move faster in my mouth. I try to get some air into my lungs and I take a deep breath and can smell his manly musk scent around his balls and cock. Every man has a certain musky scent about them, but Dom's is strong and heady it makes me even hotter. His smell is so deliciously sweet and pungent I love wearing it on my body as a perfume to remind me of whom I belong to and of all the naughty things he has done to me. 

Best Friend stops eating my pussy as I am about to cum again and slams his hard dick into me. He slams hard into me so I can feel his nut sack slam against my ass. I'm still gagging and Dom lets me up for a second or two for air and I yell, "Oh my fucking God!!!" The sensations of being fucked by two men is overwhelming and I urge Best Friend on by matching my hip thrusts with his. His response is harder thrusts. The thrusting pushes my mouth down further on my Dom. I can feel and taste my Dom as pearls of his pre-cum fills my tight and wet throat. A little drips out of my mouth and slides down my chin. I can smell his sweet pre-cum as the sticky liquid runs slowly down my face. There's something about his luscious smell surrounding me that drives me insane. I have to have more of the sweet liquid and I suck harder taking all of him into the back of my throat. He goes past the point of where he or any other man has ever been.

"Lavendar, don't you dare cum. Wait for Best Friend to cum first." I can't move my head to nod yes. Both men continue to fuck two of my orifices at the same time and I just want to cum. I need to cum. I have to cum. I feel as if I am going to die if I don't cum soon. My pussy is so swollen and tight from the excruciating and pleasurable thrusts of Best Friend's cock fucking inside of it. Silently, I beg, 'Please let me cum, Master.' I don't know how he does it, but it's like he can read my mind or something because he tells me to cum for Best Friend like the dirty little slut I am. But I have to wait until Best Friend cums in my pussy first.

'Shit!!!' I think, because I still can't speak. I really need to cum. It hurts so much to keep holding it back. Somehow I manage to hold off on another orgasm which has been building between my legs. Just as the thought ends, my master starts to cum in my mouth. 'Oh my God!' How I love the taste of his cum. I swallow hard and fast as if I have been starving for his cum. His hot cum hit's the back of my mouth and I love having his taste in my mouth. The hot jets hitting the back of my mouth is so fast I'm not sure I can swallow it all. My Dom cums so hard and so fast that I can't keep it all in my mouth. The heat of his cock juices on my chin burns at first. Once I am over the shock of the burn, his cum drips down my chin. 'Maybe I can pull off repositioning him between my tits. So I can carry his own sweet manly smell on my body for the rest of the night.' I can smell Best Friend's cum dripping out me creating a wet spot on the bedspread under my ass. I'm not too fond of the wet spot, but I do like the thought of another man's cum saturating my asshole and all over the crack. However, Dom is the only man I let fuck me in the ass. I gave him that a while back. He is the only man who will ever have the pleasure of being in my asshole. 

Deep between my legs, I can feel my orgasm building higher and higher when Best Friend begins to play with my clit as his cock thoroughly fucks my pussy. I can feel my eyes roll back in my head. 'Shit. I hope I don't pass out from all the pleasure I am receiving from Dom and Best Friend,' I think to myself as I struggle to hold on and not fall over the edge into oblivion. 

Best Friend begins to slam harder and harder into my sloppy wet pussy and I know he's about to cum. I thrust my hips harder against him, egging him on to cum deep inside me. I hear him groan as each thrust becomes harder and harder. My pussy begins to spasm and I feel a hand smack my ass. "Not yet, Slave." I am so far gone I am unsure which one of the two men issue the command. I try my damndest to hold onto my own squirts of cum that I can feel building up more and more. Holding back my orgasm is so painful I feel tears building behind my tightly closed eyes. 'I can't cry. I can't cry.' I repeat over and over in my head. 'Don't you fucking dare cry, Lavendar.' I say to myself. I am losing control of my body fast. I don't know how much longer I can stand holding my orgasm back.

Dom removes his cock from my mouth and I scream, "Holy Shit!" He rubs his softening cock against my lips to clean up the rest of his cum that is slowly oozing out of the head of his luscious cock. Greedily, I lick it clean. He sits back on the bed and commands me once again to wait until Best Friend cums before I cum. 'Is he fucking serious?' I think to myself but don't dare vocalize it. To do so would bring a punishment. And although I like being spanked or whipped, whichever one My Master chooses, I don't want to embarrass him in front of Best Friend. I ball my fists around the bedspread so tightly my hand hurts from squeezing it so hard. I glance over at my hand and see that my knuckles have now turned white from holding onto the bedspread so tightly. Fortunately, as a woman, I know when a man is about to cum, so I know my release will be following shortly.

Best Friend grunts and moans and is still slamming my pussy, "Fuck," he says through gritted teeth, slamming into me one last time and empties his hot cock juices into my waiting pussy. I can feel his cock pulsating through me and I know I can't hold on to my own explosion any longer. I look to my Dom and ask him, "May I please cum for the two of you?" I manage to say in a hoarse voice.

"Yes. You may Slave." 

'Oh, thank God.' I let go and begin to cum all over Best Friend's cock that is still pulsating sharp bursts of hot and sticky cum inside me. I scream, "OOOOHHHHHH, I AM FUCKING CUMMING!!!" I can't stand waiting any longer. I buck against Best Friend's body. "YES!! IT FEELS SO DAMN GOOD!!!! YOU FEEL SO GOOD!!!" My hips keep thrusting against Best Friend's body. The harder he thrusts the harder my hips hit his skin. "Harder! Faster!" I find myself screaming to Best Friend. I can't control the intensity of my orgasm. I feel my pussy tighten and spasm against his cock that is still buried deep inside of me that is still shooting cum inside of my pussy. Cumming along with a man is a definite turn on for me. I love to cum as a man cums inside me. I like knowing our cum is mixing together and will flow out of my pussy and down onto my asshole.
