 April 1994, I was twenty years old living in a U.S. Army barracks in the middle of Germany. I was a private first class and was nowhere near high enough in the chain of command to have my own room, so I shared with a guy three years older than me named Robert. We had a small bathroom, a tiny living room type area, and a bedroom, which had two single beds against each wall, with a pair of night tables, bookshelves, and a long dresser with our TV on it. Robert had only a few months left in the army so he had a relatively easy job, he was the Colonel's driver, which meant he slept late most mornings, and worked late most nights. This was fine with me since being twenty years old kept me extremely horny most of the time, and having the room to myself gave me plenty of opportunity to masturbate. My roommate very often was out on the weekends overnight, with a constantly rotating list of soldiers deployed on various training exercises all over Europe, there were always a bunch of army wives home alone on any given weekend, and my roommate was pretty good at taking advantage of this and having pretty regular sex. Every now and then he'd interrupt a pretty steady stream of sex stories to tell me about almost being caught by a returning husband.

With springtime there were less deployments; therefore less husbands gone, therefore my roommate was occasionally bringing women to our room. It would usually happen late, after I was asleep. More than once I would wake up to the sounds of sex: moaning, bed springs squeaking, the sounds a man makes as he pushes himself in and out against a woman's legs, the intense breathing, and of course the awesome uncontrollable sounds made when someone reaches an orgasm, sounds they don't even realize they make. And usually these sounds would give me an incredible erection. An almost painful, throbbing, hard as a board erection. One that would last until morning, and leave me hornier than usual until I got a chance to masturbate often looking at some of the graphic pictures and reading the stories in the sex magazines we kept in our room. When I confessed to my roommate how much this turned me on he started leaving the hall light on when he brought a woman into the room. Often it was still too dim to see any more than outlines from across the room, but when you're horny and hearing all the moaning and thrashing around, outlines are more than enough to get and keep you horny.

Robert often joked that sooner or later he was going to find a lady he wouldn't be able satisfy and he'd have to send her across the room to me. I would just laugh about this, but secretly I fantasized about what I would do. In fact I often fantasized about Chrissie, a 24 year old blond, who stayed over with my roommate at least once a week. She was one of the prettiest women I had ever met, and had a great sense of humor. Unlike most of the women Robert brought to the room, Chrissie would often stay for a while in the morning. She was the only overnight guest Robert had who knew my name. 

Chrissie was pretty friendly towards me, and I never mentioned how often she woke me up by screaming and moaning, and then kept me awake as she and Robert performed just about every sex act a man and woman can do together. She liked to have sex in a variety of positions and was pretty vocal about what she liked. In the mornings she would never seem embarrassed about what they had done, even though she must have realized that I could see almost all of it and hear the rest. But I just accepted this as the way life was: Robert had incredible sex often, and I got to masturbate while fantasizing about sex whenever he was out. 

One afternoon as I returned from duty Robert was in the room watching TV, preparing to go out as he did most weekends. 

"I'm going out with Chrissie tonight," he said, "you should come with us. She really likes hanging out with you, and I think she likes you a little."

"I've got to head down to the motor pool later tonight and run some maintenance reports, but I appreciate the offer." I said. "Besides, I hear the way she is in bed with you; don't for a minute expect me to believe that she'd rather have me."

"Ha," Robert laughed, "Do you have any idea how horny she gets when you watch us? She talks all the time about what a turn on it is to be watched. The first time I told her I left the light on so you could see better I thought she was gonna have sex with me in the car on the way here she got so worked up. "

"Well, if she's too much for you just send her bouncing across the room when you're finished with her," I said with a grin. "I'd be more than happy to help satisfy her."

"I'll mention that to her." Robert said laughing, as he headed for the shower. 

I hung out and watched TV for a while, then headed for the mess hall to get something to eat. After that I took off for the motor pool and filed about a dozen maintenance reports, getting back to the barracks about 10:00 pm.

I took a shower, put on a pair of running shorts, and hit the bed. I watched TV for a while but was so tired that I turned it off after one show, and fell asleep. 

I woke up about 11:30, and realized that I could hear whispering and giggling. As tired as I was I knew I was in for a treat: Robert and Chrissie had returned. As usual the hall light was on, and I could clearly see Chrissie on her hands and knees on Robert's bed as he knelt behind her.

I lay on my side with both eyes wide open. It was so dark I really doubted that either could tell I was flat out staring; besides they were pretty engrossed in what they were doing. I could hear Chrissie making an almost nonstop deep moaning sound; I could tell that Robert wasn't close enough to be inside her yet, so I figured he was using his fingers to stimulate her as she knelt there. 

Suddenly I heard her hiss the word "Yessssssssss," as she spun around and pulled Robert on top of her. But before he could enter her in the missionary position she pushed his head down to her pussy; "I want you to make this last, I need this so bad." Chrissie moaned to him. By now my dick was hard enough to cut glass, and very uncomfortable in my tight running shorts. I wanted to take my shorts off so badly, but I was afraid that too much movement would spoil the mood across the room if they saw me. So I hiked the leg of the shorts up and released my throbbing member. I had been sleeping covered by only a sheet, but since I was on my side I had no worries that my arousal would be noticed. 

I couldn't see what Robert was doing across the room, but from the sounds coming out of Chrissie's mouth it was pretty effective. One of my favorite things about Chrissie had always been that she would announce when she was going to cum. I guess since I couldn't see much I appreciated the fact that I could count on that to know what their progress was. 

As her moaning got louder, I realized she was making much more noise than usual. She was also doing a lot of moving. Her back was almost constantly arched, but she was thrashing her head from side to side. Her hands were at her sides, and as I squinted for a better look I noticed her hands were clenched, holding fistfuls of the sheet she was laying on. By the time she announced that she was going to cum again, (this was the third orgasm I had counted!) I realized that I was too far turned on not to seek some relief. I decided that the best thing to do, would be to slide my shorts off, (I figured they wouldn't notice if I turned on the lights and burst into song), and use them to jerk off into. I slipped on my back, and as quickly, and quietly, as I could I pulled my shorts down my legs. I quickly rolled back to my side, being thankful that I was right handed, that meant I'd be able to stroke my cock while watching the show. 

I had just wrapped my fist around my throbbing meat and was trying to focus my eyes on the other bed when I got an incredible surprise. Chrissie was looking right at me. She was still moaning constantly, at almost top volume but there was no mistaking it, she was looking right into my eyes. My first impulse was to be embarrassed, but my throbbing cock and the look on her pretty face changed that impulse into pure lust. I was almost glad she knew I was watching. I wanted her to realize how turned on she made me, what effect her sounds were having on my body. Without taking my eyes off of her I rolled onto my back. Even in the dim hall light she had to be able to see how tented my bed sheet was. 

As Chrissie began to announce yet another orgasm Robert suddenly crawled up beside her. In a flash she bent over and her head was in his lap. Since this put her back to me I couldn't see what she was doing, but my dick ached for some of the same. Robert wasn't quite as vocal as Chrissie was, but I would have bet thirty years of my life that he was enjoying it. Chrissie meanwhile continued to moan, not as loudly as she had been a few minutes before, but she was making the noises real low, deep in her throat. 

Robert wasn't a patient as Chrissie had been, he seemed less inclined to just sit back and enjoy the oral treat she was offering, in just a few minutes he too sat up, and I could hear him whisper "I can't take it anymore, I need to fuck you, I need it now!"

I was still working my own cock since I had rolled back over on my side, but I didn't dare stroke it too fast. I wanted to savor the feeling, and I especially wanted to wait and cum when Chrissie did. Specifically I wanted to cum while she was cumming from getting fucked. 

As usual across the room Chrissie was taking charge, "I want it from behind, and don't go too fast, I want us both to last." she growled. 

Then I got the surprise of my life. She looked right at me and spoke up, "And I know you're awake Ed, I want you over here too." 

I couldn't believe my ears, I was absolutely sure I was dreaming! I was completely frozen expecting at any moment to wake up, or hear her say "Just kidding!" A hundred different things went through my mind until I suddenly had that moment of clarity that happens once in a while: "If this is a dream I might as well go with it!"

With a pounding heart I sat up on the edge of my bed, still a little afraid that I had misunderstood, or that this was a cruel trick. 

Chrissie propped herself on all fours and looked at me again, "C'mon slowpoke," she growled with a smile "get over here. I want to see what you've got there!" In a few steps I was across the room, with my throbbing cock leading the way. 

Meanwhile Robert had pulled on a condom and was positioning himself at the foot of the bed. Chrissie slid down as well, and motioned me to lie down underneath her. I slid in, with her arms on either side of my waist, and just stared at her pretty face.

She suddenly closed her eyes and let out a howl, as Robert pushed his way inside her hot pussy from behind. He must have pushed himself all the way in with one thrust, and he quickly began a furious thrusting in and out, pounding her pussy as fast as he could. I could tell how wet she was because I could hear his dick sliding in and out, even above the screams coming out of her mouth. 

As quickly as he had started to fuck her, he slowed down, almost to the point of teasing as he slid in and out. Chrissie stopped the howling noises, although she was back to the steady low moan that turned me on so much. If I wasn't already as hard as a pipe listening to her moans alone would have done it. She slowly bent her head down as I felt her fingers begin to tickle my balls. I couldn't really feel her fingertips, but they were definitely lightly tracing patterns on my tight balls. 

She continued to stare at my pulsing cock as she began running her fingertips up and down my shaft, not quite touching, but never breaking contact. The whole time the bed was gently rocking and I could feel her breasts gently brushing against my legs. As I continued to stare at her she slowly lifted her eyes and looked into mine. She smiled, then opened her mouth and let a stream of warm spit leak out onto the head of my pounding erection. 

It felt like hot lava as it gently ran down my shaft to my balls, where she met it with the tip of her index finger. Using her spit as a lube she drug her lone fingertip over every square inch of my cock, causing me to shudder each time she neared the head. 

She moved to support all her weight on her elbows and began to gently knead my balls with one hand, and use the other to slide gently up and down my pole. With each stroke she moved a little nearer to the tip, and when there was no way she could get closer without touching it, she dipped her head and used her tongue to tease circles on the sensitive spot right at the base of the tip. I was going out of my mind with pleasure, and let out a low moan. 

As Robert began to pump her from behind a little quicker she covered my cock with her mouth, and began to slowly bob up and down. Before long she was going up and down on the whole thing, with her lips going from the tip to my balls, keeping tempo with Robert's thrusts in and out. She continued to moan, almost a continuous sound, and Robert was grunting with each jab into her warm cunt. I can't remember if I was making any noises at that point, but I'm sure I was. 

As Robert began to push in and out of her a little faster, she would increase her rhythm on my balls with her fingers, while continuing to suck my cock in a way I'd never felt before. This went on for what felt like a glorious forever, with the pace quickening every few minutes. However it wasn't long before Robert was grunting a little louder with each thrust, and getting faster every minute or so. Chrissie kept perfect time with him, bringing my cock closer and closer to the point of explosion. Like I said I was no virgin, but I had never cum in a woman's mouth before, and the thought of getting to do that drove me out of my mind. 

At last Robert began pounding her furiously, but Chrissie never stopped sucking me. She just increased the speed of her head bobbing up and down, while continuing to rub my balls. Suddenly Chrissie threw her head back and screamed loud enough to wake up all of Europe. The louder she screamed, the more furiously Robert banged her pussy from behind, which just caused her to scream more. As quickly as her scream had begun it stopped, and Chrissie rested her head briefly on my stomach before rolling to her side. 

She was covered with sweat and panting, but she smiled and said to Robert "I can't believe you didn't cum yet! Crawl up here and see how much longer you can last." 

She then told me to get a condom off of the dresser, so I could pay her back. I quickly grabbed one as Robert peeled his off and flopped on the bed beside her. While remaining on her back she scooted down so her legs were dangling off the edge of the bed, and her face was even with Robert's throbbing meat. 

I rolled my condom on as quick as I could, stepped forward and sank into her silky warmth up to the hilt. She wasted no time in turning her head, and used her hand to pull Robert's cock into her mouth. She was in no position to move her head back and forth, so Robert accommodated her by lying on his side and fucking her mouth. I couldn't believe how sexy that looked, but I closed my eyes and began to pump her cunt with a steady rhythm, going as fast as I could go without losing control of my rapidly approaching orgasm.

I couldn't believe how wet she was, and even though I tried not to I found myself thrusting faster and faster, deeper and deeper. I opened my eyes to glance at the bed, and saw Robert's eyes closed tight, and I imagined him gritting his teeth (like I was) to keep from erupting. 

Chrissie's eyes were closed, and her hand was milking the base of Robert's cock at 100 mph as she began to moan again. I was afraid that her moaning would be what would push me over the edge, so I began to use my finger to caress her clit. I figured if I could give her one orgasm she might forgive me for not lasting longer. 

As I started my finger dancing on her love button she began to buck her hips up and down, and grunt like someone who was being tortured. I doubled my efforts on her clit and she began to buck even more furiously, which upset my tempo of rapidly sliding in and out of her soaking wet pussy. 

That's probably the only thing that kept me from cumming a moment later as she stopped sucking Robert's cock and screamed "Yesssssss! Oh god I'm cummmmmmmming! Nooooooooow!" 

I kept pounding as best I could, determined to keep up, when she flipped over and used her hand to guide me into her from behind. At that angle I was even deeper, and she felt even tighter. I began slamming into her for all I was worth, wishing I had thought about putting two condoms on to desensitize myself.

Even though her head was in the way I could see that she was still sucking Robert furiously, with just the top part of his penis in her mouth as she jerked him up and down rapidly with her hand. It didn't take much of that until he could stand no more. 

"Now!!!!" he bellowed as he arched his back and squeezed his eyes shut. I didn't think it was possible but she began to jerk him off even faster, and I could see her cheeks suddenly swell as he filled her mouth with his cum. I imagined I could hear her gulping as her cheeks bulged and compressed several times as her throat did it's best to keep up with his load. He was still yelling when I closed my eyes and bit my tongue, determined to keep from cumming until he was done. 

I didn't get to cum with a girl very often, and I wanted her undivided attention when I exploded.

I kept pounding and became aware of both of them gasping for breath. Without slowing down I looked and saw that Robert was almost asleep. He was breathing heavily, but his eyes were closed and he looked like he'd just completed a marathon. 

Chrissie turned her head and looked over her shoulder at me, "Why don't we go over to your bed," she asked with a grin, "it's your turn to cum and we'll need room to lie down." 

I pulled my throbbing cock from her snatch and helped her to her feet. She was still covered with sweat and looked absolutely exhausted. 

"God that was fun," she whispered, "we've got to do this more often!" I was in complete agreement as we stepped across the small space to my bed. 

She lay down and pulled me down beside her. With the sexiest grin I'd seen her use yet she stripped off my condom and whispered "I want to finish what I started. Just lie down and don't hold back honey." 

As she reached for my cock I did something I'd wanted to do all night, I pulled her to me and attacked her tits. They weren't the biggest tits of all time, but each was more than a handful and she had the greatest nipples I had ever seen. They were the creamiest shade of brown, and her areoles were slightly oval and the size of fifty cent pieces. 

I lightly squeezed one, while sucking the other into my mouth and putting as much suction onto it as possible. I heard her gasp and felt her fingers in my hair as I gently bit down, before moving over and repeating the process on the next one. She hissed in my ear and squeezed my head as hard as she could.

This encouraged me to reach for her hole, where my thumb quickly located her clitoris while my first two fingers slid inside her. She growled in my ear so I pushed her roughly to the bed and replaced my thumb with my lips. Alternating my teeth and tongue, I licked and bit her button until she grabbed my hair and slid her entire vagina up and down my face as she came. I never took my fingers from inside her until she came again, at which point she pulled my hair until I had crawled up the bed beside her.

Quick as lightning her mouth was around my throbbing pole and her fingers were squeezing my balls. She didn't squeeze hard enough to hurt, but I had never before felt that kind of pressure on my nuts. She was using her other hand to stroke the base of my dick, while her mouth worked up and down like a piston. 
