 Last Week my girlfriend came home with a real sparkle about her, even by her own effervescent standards. She gave me a huge hug and a real smacker on the lips.

'You're in a good mood.' I said.

'Mmmm, I know. I'm excited.'

'Good - anything in particular?'

'Sit down.' She said, 'I've got something to tell you.'

I was drying the pots so placed the cup I was drying on the draining board and perched on a kitchen stool.'

'OK, I'm all ears.'

'Have you ever heard me mention Kate from the office?'

'Erm, is she the whacky one?'

'No, that's Emma, Kate's the Thai girl.'

'Oh yes, she did the bungee jump last year?'

'Yes, that's her.'

'What about her?'

'Well, we talk about stuff, we're quite close in a way - in an office buddy sort of way.'

'Oh OK. Hannah, cut to the chase, what you trying to say?'

'I'm trying. Well anyway we talk about stuff, you know girly things.'

'OK, you talk about us?'

'Yeah.'

'And...?'

'Well today she said she'd like to meet you.'

'To meet me, why?'

'Ha ha, not just meet you hun, meet you. Get together with me and you.'

My mind was suddenly doing over time.

'Hannah, are you saying what I think you're saying?'

'She wants to share you with me.'

'Bloody ell, that is what you're saying.'

'What do you reckon?'

'Is she nice?'

'Of course she is. She's pretty hot to be honest.'

'Bloody ell.'

'Ha ha. She wants to come round tomorrow. I said I'd ask you.'

'Well you're obviously OK with it. I'm a bit knocked back. Are you sure?'

'Yeah, it'll be fun. There's some rules though.'

'Oh.'

'Yes, I'm not letting you shag her.'

'OK.'

'And we're not doing anything to each other. She swings both ways, but well you know me. I'm not into girls.'

'OK, babe anything else goes?'

'I guess so.'

'You'll both blow me at the same time?'

'Hell yeah!'

'Oh fuck.'

'Hee he, I'm looking forward to this Stephen.'

'Come here babe, let me kiss you.'

'Mmmmmmm. You really love me don't you!'

'You know I do hun.'

The next day after work I came home, showered, had the closest shave I could and put on my favourite body spray. I keep my sack nice and smooth, but gave it a last minute, extra careful shave with a new razor. I dressed in a pair of shorts and a designer T shirt. I felt a combination of great excitement and a little trepidation. I went downstairs and opened a bottle of white wine and put it in a chiller. I put on a Katie Perry CD. I kissed a Girl is just my favourite song and got me in the mood, if I needed to get in it. As I got three glasses from the cabinet I heard the front door go. It was them. This was it.

I went through to the greet them. I stopped when I saw Kate. She was oozing with sex appeal. She was a little plumper than I had imagined, but only slightly. I guess you would call her curvaceous. She wore a lovely black, silky dress with red flowers all over it. Hannah was in a suit. I love her in that and she knows it. She does the sexy secretary thing very well.

'Hi Kate, pleased to meet you.' She offered her hand and gave me a kiss on the cheek. She smelled good. I squeezed Hannah and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. She smelled equally good. I could tell they had both showered before leaving work, as their hair was still slightly lank.

'I've opened a bottle of wine, it should be cool by now.'

'Ooh lovely, crack it open then.' Said Kate.

'I'm on it. Say Kate were you born here, you have a nice accent?'

'Thanks. No, but I've been here for 10 years.'

'Oh OK.'

'What do you think to her then Stephen?'

I gave Kate a once over, not that I needed to.

'Hmm, very, very nice.'

'Kate hitched up her dress to reveal black hold ups.

'Oh flip, they're nice.'

'I've got stockings and suspenders on underneath this, you lucky boy.' Said Hannah.

Now shaking slightly I poured three glasses of wine and handed two to the girls.

'Shall we take these into the living room? 'Suggested Hannah.

So we went through and sat on the settee with me in the middle. 

'The wine is nice.' Said Kate. 'Is it a Chardonnay?'

'Yes, you know your wines, don't you?'

'She's a clever girl.' Commented Hannah.

'Say Stephen, let me see you give her a proper kiss.'

'I put my glass down and relieved Kate of her own and ran my left hand through her luxuriant, long black hair. She moved closer to me and we exchanged a long, lingering, smoochy kiss. She's got such gorgeous, full lips. Her kisses were magic and I soon started to get an erection. I imagined what they would feel like round my cock. I turned to Hannah and gave her an equally long, passionate kiss, our tongues entwining. She put her hand on to my shorts and felt my hardness. 

'Hmm Kate, I think he's ready, shall we go upstairs?'

'I think we should.' Said Kate. We stood up together and Hannah took my hand and led me upstairs, with Kate pinching my bottom.

When we got to the bedroom my dick was trying to burst through my shorts and Hannah dropped to her knees and unzipped them. As she did this, Kate unzipped her dress and I watched agog as it slipped to the floor. Fuck she was gorgeous. Matching black bra and panties. I pulled my T-shirt off and then helped Hannah off with her blouse and skirt. My cock was now pressed against my belly and as I unzipped Hannah's skirt I felt Kate's hand slip round my waist and took hold of my cock. Hannah stripped down to her underwear. She has a lovely toned body and looked sizzling tonight in her stockings and skimpy black knickers. Kate rolled my shorts down and my cock sprang up. The girls laughed and Kate pushed me on to the bed and they lay next to me. Hannah stroked my chest and began to kiss me deeply as Kate wasted no time at all and wrapped her lips around my throbbing erection. Fuck! She's sooo good. The best blow job I can remember. Hannah is good, bless her, but this was just on a different level. I could feel Hannah was turned on as I dipped my fingers into her pussy. She was hot and wet. I had to call Kate off. It was so good, I could feel myself getting a bit too worked up and knew I had to save my load for later.

Kate moved back up to eye level and kissed me some more as I continued to finger Hannah. I slipped my fingers into Kate's mouth and she licked her friend's juice off eagerly. 

'We're still not naked yet.' Noted Kate. Hannah still had a brassiere on and Kate both panties and bra. They quickly remedied this and Hannah pushed me back on to the bed as Kate dangled her lovely breasts in my face. I sucked on her juicy round nipples as Hannah started to suck me off. This was now getting good. I don't honestly think my cock has ever been harder. The girls then swapped places and I sucked on my girlfriend's beautiful pink nipples as Kate expertly sucked me. I took a deep breath and stroked Kate's hair as I kissed Hannah on the neck.

'I think, you're getting it your own way here Stephen, I think it's our turn, lie back with your head on the pillow.' I did as instructed as Kate sat up and then moved towards me, turned round and lowered her pussy on to my face. I delved my tongue into her gorgeous love box and nibbled her clitoris. She had a lovely round soft bum and I could fondle her cheeks as I made a meal of her pussy. She had a lovely clean, but ever so slightly musky aroma, which turned me on even more, if that's possible. At the other end, Hannah kissed and stroked my thighs. It was her turn to sit on my face. The girls changed position and I was suddenly licking Hannah's lovely sweet pussy. My, she was wet. I literally drank her juice, she had that much oozing from her box. I fondled her breasts at the same time. I'm not sure what Kate was doing, but it felt good.

I brought Hannah to a shuddering climax as Kate did her best to make me cum. I'm good at holding back though. Now Hannah climbed off my face and kissed me. Kate lay at one side of me and Hannah on the other and they took it in turns to kiss me. This was sheer bliss. A different tongue in my mouth every few seconds. 

'Hmmm, now I think we should give him his main treat, don't you?' Said Hannah. The girls shuffled down until their heads were level with my cock and as Kate began to lick my dick, Hannah sucked my balls. Then Hannah joined Kate at the tip of my cock and they both rolled their tongues up and down my shaft. 

'I bet this image will stick in your mind for a while.' Said Hannah. 

I could only groan with pleasure, but she was right. Hannah sucked me softly as Kate licked my balls, then they swapped round again and then they both slurped and kissed my knob all over. This went on for five minutes and I was sure I was going to blow my gasket and Hannah looked into my eyes. She knew it too. 

'Sit on his face again, while I wank him off.'

Kate straddled my face for a second time. Her pussy was sweeter and stickier than before and I ate her out good and proper. Hannah wanted to finish me off now, I had been tormented long enough. As she jerked me, I could feel the tip of her tongue on my erection. She wanked me and tickled my balls. I dipped my tongue even further into Kate's love pot, making her groan. I began to gasp as Hannah was bringing me close. This was going to be a big one. My tongue lapped furiously at Kate's increasingly moist quim and I felt my legs go all tingly as the final moments of my pre-orgasm rushed through my body. Then I juddered to a beautiful, delicious climax as a huge spurt of semen hit Hannah in the face and the next one splashed over Kate's tits. Kate climbed off and rubbed the last few drops out of my cock as Hannah wiped her chin.

'Whoooo!' Was all I could say. 

That was six days ago. Hannah wants to do it again. Well, it would be nice as a special treat now and again. I have a wonderful girlfriend. Thanks babe.