 So, being the sexually adventurous woman that I am...and having talked to a man about a possible 3way with him and his male friend, which didn't work out bc he had to unexpectedly move to California, I went and joined an adult website. Brian had written his own story about our shared fantasy, and I encouraged him to submit it to Literotica. He had started a spark in me to explore a bit further...I joined an adult dating website and indicated men, women and couples...as I am bisexual.

So I was slammed with responses...a lot of younger men who are course know that women In their 40's are extremely sexually responsive... and of course ...I have huge tits and there's a LOT of tit men out there...and women...I happened to see an ad for a couple who were local and looking a threesome...and she was GORGEOUS...tiny little build, beautiful face, nice tits...such a beautiful tight little pussy. I was at work and was feeling quite excited and wet...she texted me and was flirting with me, but in a beautiful respectful way...I sent her naughty pics and she was very turned on and excited...she sent them to her husband and she said he was masturbating to my tits bc I am extremely curvy and they wanted to play with me so badly. We decided to meet the following night...smiles.

We met at a Mexican restaurant...had some Margaritas...just me and Jess, the wife...I was flirting with her, smelling her hair, I grazed her breast and casually put my hand on her thigh at the bar...got up and went to the bathroom and took a pic of my giant 42DD beautifully shaped breasts in the stall and sent it to her. We were meeting Joe back at the house. I casually mentioned that I had some good weed in my purse and she lit up...she's 420 friendly too ;-) We pulled up and were toking in the car and smoking some blunts. I was feeling pretty good...and I really REALY liked her...as a person...as a woman, and as a future lover. She and her husband were so in love with each other, she raved about him, how good he was to her, how their marriage was amazing. I was so honored to have joined them in their lovemaking. We talked a bit...and I said that I didn't wish to disrespect them in any way, if there was anything they didn't want to do, or was off limits, please let me know. Joe told me that it was all about her, that she was the one who had encouraged him to have an open marriage. We were drinking wine and put on some Lil Wayne and drifted upstairs. 

Now, I am Bi, but I usually prefer men...but whether I was wasted or it was her, or my emotional state...or whatever...she came out of the bathroom in this tiny little tank top and panties...I was laying on the bed and quickly stripped down to my bra and panties...laid down next to her and started kissing her. I get VERY VERY uninhibited when I'm stoned and I was kissing her deep ...fondling her cute bouncy tits, kissing her neck. I kept saying to her, you're so beautiful, you're so soft, your body is amazing...I was licking and sucking her neck and touching her breasts, circling the nipples with my fingers, licking he nipples, sucking them gently. She was moaning...I mounted her and I told Joe to get my phone and take pics. So he took pics of me dry humping her, her tits hanging in my face, me on the back with her burying her face in my giant jugs. She was sucking my huge nipples soooo good...my nips are the size of a small pancake and she just couldn't believe how big they were. I turned my head and there was Joe, in the corner masturbating...I beckoned him over and the two of them went down on me at the same time. I took pics of their heads between my thighs. Oh my God, to feel 2 tongues licking me...at the same time! Joe slipped his finger inside of me and was rubbing my G spot and her busy little tongue was licking up all of my juices. She straddled me and was rubbing her pussy against mine...I took a pic of her deep throating Joe...My body was entwined with theirs, it was very romantic and Tantric lovemaking. 

Joe was standing on the bed...I didn't notice but he had lit candles and put Ambient music on...He was waving his dick in her face and she was deep throating him. I came up behind him and was rubbing my bit soft tits all over his back. I reached down and fondled his silky balls...He was moaning into her mouth...Then we switched...she sat on his face and I started sucking his rock hard cock. Licking his balls...I reached over and was fondling her dangling tits.

She said, "Fuck her, babe...ride her hard"...I laid on my back and he entered me.. He pumping his hips and I was meeting every thrust. She laid right at my side and was stroking my long blonde and playing with my tits...rubbing my hard little clit.

I started saying..."Yeah, fuck me Daddy...like my pussy?"

He said..."It's fucking great"..."You're soo tight"...

.I said to her, get down there and lick me, bitch...your fucking little hot tongue...and I told him to fuck me with his finger...he did and I gave a deep moaned and squirted. 

He then went back to licking her pussy...I got behind him and rubbed my full hips into his ass...I started spanking his ass hard...and then said "I'm sorry, Daddy, you want me to kiss that and make it better?" I then spat on his asshole and stuck my tongue in there and got it good and wet. I took my index finger and curled it upward and massaged his prostate. "You fucking like that babe?" He was in heaven. He got on top of Jess and started fucking and I took a pic of his ass with my handprints all over it. It was red but nice and warm. We intertwined our bodies and I was sucking one of her luscious little titties and rubbing her clit. He pulled out of her and I went down on her again...licking that beautiful amazing aromatic pussy again. Rubbing her clit then going back and fingering her...one finger, then two. At the moment, I fell in love with her. I felt like I could stay there forever...cook for her, bathe her, do anything in my power to please her. I took a picture of her hot shaved tiny little pussy with my finger in her. 

Then I started licking his balls and he fed his dick into my mouth...she was playing with my tits and I said "BITE MY NIPPLE"...I get REALLY bossy and dominant when I'm turned on and it's surprising to me that I actually prefer being a sub. But's it's cool. I then said to him, "Get down there and fuck me with your tongue..eat my ass"...and he did. She took over...ooohhhh baby, your tongue...my Goddess. But the poor man needed to cum...and I need to record our little adventure...I turned on my video on my phone...it was super dark but I could get audio

...She was moaning loudly and saying ..."OHHHHHH, you fuck me...you fuck me...Ohhhhh...I'm gonna cum..."...I said, "Hmmmm, you're gonna cum are you? Mmmmm...doesn't that feel so fucking good...Mmmm...I just love licking your pussy...you beautiful beautiful girl, how wonderful you are"...

He was pumping in and out of her and she was moaning...she said, "I want to lick your fucking pussy"...

I said, "You better...you're soooo good at it, you cheap slut...I've only been with 3 women and lick my cunt sooo good, you fucking know how to finger fuck me...you lick it pretty fucking good, you're only the third woman I've been with and you are the BEST"...I want your man to fuck my titties" I was kissing her and pulling her nipples, stroking his chest. I realized that I just wanted to make this amazing couple happy. I felt honored and in awe to be making love with them. He started to moan as I was talking erotically. He came with a roar and collapsed on top of her. He, she and I took a beautiful pic of the three of us cuddled together, him, with his hand on my hard nippled breast. 

She texted me the next day...she said it was the best experience they ever had and I got them SO hot that they had to fuck again...and that next time she wanted to use a strap on on me. I can't wait. Happy Fucking Valentine's Day and let your Freak Flag FLY!