 People say I am the best of moms and wives, but I am a bit of kinky. 

 Let me to introduce myself. 

 I am Claudia, 40 yo, 5.8, not overweight, married 19 years. 

 I'm in love with my husband, Mark, and we have a wonderful family with a daughter and a son. 

I have a degree in piano but I don't work being a stay at home mom and 100% a nice next door married lady alike. 

 Nobody could say that, but my husband and I are a naughty couple too. 

 This is the story of our start.

 I have terrific exhibitionistic tendencies and a very submissive character. 

I realized it a few months only after marriage when my young husband started to take pics of me. 

At first he took simple portraits of me, then legs, than breasts, then my whole body. 

He was very keen with his camera and a few nude portraits of me obtained special awards and money prizes. 

 An evening he invited a friend from the photo club to take pics of me. 

At first I was upset but he convinced me saying I was so beautiful and Peter, the friend, was absolutely enthusiast to get my acquaintance after having seen the photos that Mark showed him. 

 I got mad when Mark told me that between the pics were some nude shots but he giggled saying it was no difference between a photographic committee and a young guy with a talent for photography. More the guy was habituated to see nude girls as he had tons of models but he said to my husband that no one of those models had the same effect on him than me. This convinced me, so I told my husband ok to meet this guy for a photo session but I discarded the idea to pose naked. 

 Peter came by us a Friday night. He was a handsome guy same aged than Mark at 25 opposite my 21. The first time we had a nice time talking and discussing my photos then the guys took their cameras out and I started to model for them. I posed totally dressed showing a bit of legs and only at the end of the session when they started to beg for a bit more flesh to photograph I put my dress down consenting them to take pics with me in a corset. Not a big deal to be honest.

The friend was very agreeable and we planned other sessions. 

 At the time my husband and I were a very private couple. We lived in a nice cottage on the hill with a great view on the bay and a delicious little pool in the garden. It belonged to my mom. We enjoyed there our loving, solitary condition with no regrets about leaving the crowded town. Mark and I were very happy there. Of course we mixed with friends on Saturday nights, but the cottage was rather far from downtown and few people, save my mom or elder sister, paid us the occasional visit during the week. Peter was single having split with his girlfriend only a few weeks before and he became our closest friend. His presence added an unexpected spice to our life.

 After that first session my husband insisted for me being naked. This was a bit strange as I was raised catholic and restricted as well as Mark had been always a bit jealous, but he started to say that I was born to pose naked. I staggered for a while like uncertain, but Mark was proud to have me naked in front of a keen photographer such as Peter. After a lot of discussion my exhibitionistic tendencies and my husband's blandishments won so that, keeping it as a play, I agreed. An evening, posing in my corset, I lowered the cups showing them nipples. They made enthusiastic comments and I allowed them a few topless shot also. Since then step by step I undressed totally for them. With great fun I must say.

 In a couple months I was completely natural posing naked.

 We had a weekly photo-session with Peter. Our friend had great photographic skills in absolute. He was able to realize elegant pale colored pictures putting in great evidence the contrast running between my auburn skin and my long black hair. He took pics of me at the piano, or in the bath-room, which I adored, with my body barely visible between steam and perfumed vapor. Because I was a former classical dancer he convinced me to pose in a ballet skirt and I am glad to say that a glamorous photo of me standing in a diaphanous tutu and nothing else than my dark pubes received a bigger prize as a winner in a photo-contest. He also appreciated some little flaws in my body like my natural deflated and pendulous boobs balanced by long huge and erect nipples which I stirred before every naked shot.

My husband was not only a devoted assistant to those exciting photo sessions but also he encouraged me assume new and more daring poses. Under his suggestion I became more uninhibited and felt submissive to their wishes. I gained confidence and slowly I even spread my legs consenting them to take pics of my opened pussy acting like I was masturbating. And that was not exactly artistic. An evening I also led them watch me having a piss on the loo and take pics before I pushed them outside the bathroom locking the door.

 Being naked in front of Peter got me in a status of arousal and sometimes I had to masturbate the day after a photographic session even if my husband fucked me silly. Discussing this new situation my husband didn't object but said I was a naughty girl.

 ***************

 A day I had an argument with Mark. 

It was something really unimportant in any way, but Mark went upset and said, "one day o another Peter will give you a good length and you will be happy, slut!"

"You silly," I answered him.

"You act bashful but you have great fun being naked for him."

"I do it only because you told me to undress."

"You love it. I see it in your eyes when you start to undress for him in front of me."

"That's true, but it was your idea and I can't help now."

"Imagine if I say him to fuck you."

"You are ill, very ill, bucko."

"I see you posing for him and how excited you are being naked. I'm sure you even can't stop him if he makes a move to you."

"You can't say that, pig. Since today no other guys than you had their way with me."

"Let see," he said again in a burst of laughter. 

I tried to slap his face but the argument was near to end and he kissed me. 

 We made love and that was all, never the less I started to think on Peter making love to me. It was a mere fantasy but at the same time Mark started to talk about to try threesomes and sex with other people and once he acted explicitly like it was Peter caressing, kissing and entering me all the way. I came like no tomorrow.

 An evening before to start our weekly photo session Mark and Peter proposed to take pics in the bedroom with me in my wedding dress. I was amused and they took great pics with a terrific effect of the white dress on my body as I slowly undressed for them. At the end of the session I was naked as usual and before to stop Peter asked to kiss the bride. 

 I had a burst of laughter and answered him of course you can as everyone kiss the bride at weddings.

 Peter kissed me on the lips (no tongue). This was quite normal as I kissed him on the lips every time saying him goodbye so I reciprocated his kiss even if I was in the nude. My husband actually took the camera and started to shoot pictures of Peter kissing me. I giggled and said him stop to take pics but he said it was such an erotic scene to photograph a dressed guy kissing a naked girl and kept to take pics. We went on kissing like that for a minute or two.

 Now Peter asked what if he kissed my nipples. I looked at Mark who nodded yes and Peter gently took my nipples between his lips and sucked on them. I felt like butterflies wings fluttering on them and my legs started to fail.

He asked again where he could kiss me now. This question was a surprise for me and I was speechless for a moment as the play drifted dangerous but Mark answered for me "kiss her all over you want". 

 I petrified when Peter knelt in front of me and posed his lips on my belly-button slowly starting to go with his mouth on my tummy kissing and licking every inch of my skin. He also cupped my ass for a major contact and his tongue rummaged through my vaginal lips searching for my clit. 

A part of me said something was wrong but I hadn't the courage to stop him and I even opened my legs to give him better access. 

For a moment Peter stopped his action and undressed totally sporting a very long and hard cock.

 Mark said it was a very special photo session and encouraged me to touch Peter's cock. 

I took Peters's cock in my hands and Mark started to take pictures then Peter kissed me again.

Mark took a shot after another and encouraged me to let Peter make a good work as I moaned under our friend's kisses. At this point Mark wanted to take pics of with Peters's cock in my mouth. I couldn't believe he dared so much. My legs failed with excitement and I started to suck our friend. Like mesmerized I stretched then on the bed as Peter climbed between my legs and slowly rubbed his cock up and down my pussy. 

 "Oh my," I said as he entered me. 

In a moment Peter's cock was completely inside my pussy.

"It is so fucking big, uh Claudia?" said my husband taking some close ups of Peter's cock pumping my vagina. 

"Slow pump her for a bit, Peter. She likes it slowly in beginning," he recommended. 

"What do you think, Claudia? Is it the right speed?" asked Peter.

"Oh yes it feels so good," I said in excitement.

After Peter slowly pumped my pussy, he started to pick up his speed. 

"Oh you have a hot pussy. Feels so good. Do you want me fuck your pussy, Claudia?" Asked Peter. I had no words needing nothing else than being naughty.

"O yes, Peter. Fuck me good now. Fuck me, oh yes, fuck me," I said. 

Peter really started to fuck fast and hard. He caught both my legs and raised them up to his shoulders as he fucked me hard and fast. 

I was making noises as well as Peter. This went on for some minutes then I went on my fours and Peter entered me from behind. He pumped me two or three minutes again then he came on my back. At this point Mark replaced him and fucked me also for my first threesome.

 Mark also stretched at my side like tired. We remained silent for a while breathless then we had a small talk as we just rested. 

 "How was that? Mark asked me. 

"I loved it." 

"I know. I was sure you liked it, and I told you so," said Mark

"You bastard," I giggled remembering our argument a few evenings before, "you told Peter to fuck me, cuck!"

Mark giggled and said "You loved it, dear..."

"I can't say no," I giggled at my side.

"Maybe we can do that again..." 

 Of course this was our first threesome but not the last.