 My wife Brenda and I were married a little over fifteen years ago and soon after we were married, we moved to California. It meant leaving all of her family in the Midwest, but thinking back, we were both pretty anxious to make the change. For the first several years we would travel back on holidays or special occasions but over time, the trips became less frequent. The move actually was a good thing because as time went on, I think we became closer to each other. 

Over the years, as most married couples do, we fell into a sort of pattern with our lovemaking. Sometimes we would have sex on a weeknight, always the last thing before going to sleep, and on at least one day of the weekend, usually in the afternoon, if we had time. 

There was something that we jokingly called our "Super-Sex" sessions. These sessions were never planned they would just happen. I guess it isn't so difficult to understand; it was just times when we both were extremely horny at the same time. They usually lasted for hours; when we would engage in very long sessions of completely uninhibited foreplay that almost always included toys, videos, vibrators, creams, showers, and always very graphic talk. Talk that would describe the different ways we were going to fuck each other, and what it felt like to fuck each other. All of this was a part of the intense sexual play where we would fuck and suck each other for as long as we could. Always, in our "Super-Sex" sessions Brenda would cum more times than we would count and I would cum at least two, and often, three times before we would give-in to a sort of blissful exhaustion and sleep as we held each other. We both realized that the power and intensity of these "Super-Sex" sessions was unbelievably high. The best way to describe it is that we both will get so turned on that almost nothing is taboo. It was the time when we experiment heavily, and could slip easily into fantasies if we so chose.

One time, during one of our "Super-Sex" sessions, and this was several years ago, as I was eating Brenda's dripping-wet pussy after she had cum many times, I was focusing on a very light touch of my tongue on her swollen clit and Brenda was right at the edge of another very strong orgasm, she suddenly admitted through clenched teeth and panting breath that she and her lifelong girlfriend Megan had experimented sexually with each other as young women. She was a little vague about the details and I was so focused on giving her more pleasure that I didn't press her. I hoped that in time she would tell me more...unfortunately, she never did. In our "Super-Sex" sessions we both engaged in a lot of fantasy-talk so I wasn't sure if she was just fantasizing or there was something more to what she said. A couple of times when I asked her about it she would answer something like "oh, it was nothing," or "I was just talking," and the issue would be dropped. 

Megan was the same age as Brenda and they were always very close as they were growing up and continued to be close through the years even though Megan was still in the Midwest. Megan and Brenda are both slender and both stand about 5'-9" tall, Brenda has dark, shoulder length brunette hair that is almost black, and the last time I saw Megan she had light, ash blond hair that hung down her back. Both are very attractive women. 

One day Brenda called me at work and told me that Megan wanted to come for a visit and asked me if it would be all right if she stayed with us. She had recently gotten a divorce and wanted to get away for a while. Brenda also said that Megan was thinking of moving out to California and while she was here she might take the time to look for a job.

When Megan arrived she took the guest bedroom down the hall from ours, and I admit, it was good to see her again. Age was being very good to her and aside from having a very pretty face and body; she was just a very sexy woman.

For over the first week that Megan was with us Brenda and I didn't have any sex. The two girl's usually stayed up late talking, or went out shopping, and I think Brenda just felt awkward having sex with Megan in the house. I could tell, from the little signs, that Brenda was starting to get very horny and that turned me on as well. It was obvious that we were both building up to another one of our sex sessions and I was hoping that we might be able to get some time alone on the weekend to do something about it. 

By the time Saturday came around I was so horny that I could hardly stand it, I know Brenda was too but she hid it much better than I did. That morning, while we were still in bed, we teased each other by engaging in some quiet foreplay and Brenda offered to jack me off, or suck my cock, if I wanted her to but we decide to wait to see if we would have some time alone in the afternoon so we could have a good fuck session. I knew that she needed as much release as I did, and jacking me off wouldn't help her much.

Megan had plans to be gone for the afternoon and that would give Brenda and I some time to be alone. Unfortunately by mid-morning Megan's plans changed and she wouldn't be gone after all. It was hard to hide my disappointment but I managed. To relieve some of the stress I wanted to get out of the house for a little while so I told Brenda that I was going to the driving range to practice my golf swing. I could see the burning need for sex in Brenda's eyes and could feel a little disappointment in her as I kissed her goodbye. When I left the girls, they were both still in their bathrobes sitting at the kitchen table talking. To make matters worse, Megan didn't realize that her robe was opened just enough so that as I walked by, I caught a glimpse of her breast and nipple.

At the driving range I was really having a hard time concentrating on my swing. I couldn't keep my mind on what I was doing, all I could think about was Brenda's sweet pussy and how incredible it felt to enter her vagina with my hard cock. The more I thought about her naked body, her tits, or her tight ass, and feeling her cum as I fucked her, the more distracted I got. Several times I got a strong hard-on and I tried to stand so no one would notice the definite bulge in my pants.

I finally gave up – I couldn't concentrate. I was planning to go over to a friend's house, but decided not to, so I headed for home. I had been gone for a couple of hours and when I went in the back door the house was very quiet. I was just about to call out to Brenda to let her know that I was home when I heard the sound of soft voices that were too faint to make out. It was coming from somewhere in the house and I didn't think much about it until I heard the muffled sound of a soft cry that was unmistakably one of pleasure. It was a sound I was very familiar with – it was the same sound that Brenda makes during sex. I froze where I was and strained to listen for more.

The sounds were coming from our bedroom and as I stood motionless I strained to listen for more. I could hear the sound of more soft voices and more and more moans of pleasure. 

Slipping my shoes off I moved quietly down the hall toward the bedroom and found that the bedroom door wasn't closed completely. There was a gap a little more than an inch wide between the door and the doorjamb and as I looked through the narrow opening I saw Brenda and Megan, both nude, on the bed, gently fingering each other's clit as they caressed and kissed each other's breast. Scattered on the bed all around them were several of Brenda's dildos and vibrators. As the women moved I could see that Brenda had one of her dildo's in her cunt and was tightening and relaxing her thigh muscles to create some motion in her vagina. Megan was helping her by completely withdrawing the toy, hesitating, and then pushing it all the way into Brenda's very wet pussy again. Each time the pink penis dildo traveled up into her cunt Brenda let out a soft cry of pleasure.

The erotic sight jolted me. Both women were sensuous beyond description. Their nude bodies were smooth and feminine looking and I wanted to possess them both. Megan's tits were a little larger than Brenda's but Brenda had much larger areolas around her nipples. Brenda's pussy was clean-shaven and Megan's was fully surrounded by her soft looking pubic hair.

Megan urged Brenda over on to her back and as Brenda spread her legs Megan moved down to Brenda's cunt and began to eat her. Brenda let out more soft, low, moan as Megan's tongue began its work on her clitoris. At the same time Megan continued to fuck Brenda with the dildo in her cunt.

My cock was throbbing in my pants and needed to be let out. As quietly as I could I slowly took off all of my clothes and dropped them onto the floor behind me. As I watched the women enjoying each other I slowly stroked my swollen cock. My own pre-cum was dripping, in clear strings, all over my thighs and hand.

I could see the look on Brenda's face...it was a look I had seen many times when we engage in our super-sex sessions. I know how intense that both of us become at that time, and we both agreed that there are almost no inhibitions, or rules when it happens – just intense sexual pleasure any way we can get it. 

Brenda came quickly, and loudly again – her abdomen shuddering from the intense feelings created by the sensuous assault on her clitoris and vagina. I saw the one telltale sign that let me know just how aroused Brenda was...as her orgasm took her, I saw her ejaculate the brief stream of clear fluid...her own cum. She usually only ejaculated when she was extremely turned-on.

Almost like a ballet, the girl's positions changed and Brenda was kneeling on the bed with her back to me and fucking Megan's very wet cunt with the same wet dildo that was, moments before, buried into her cunt. When it was completely withdrawn, for a moment, I could see that the dildo was shaped like a large, un-circumcised penis. Megan was moaning loudly as she was approaching another orgasm. In this position I had a great view of Brenda's wet cunt as it was positioned directly toward me. The light from the window shone on the wetness that covered her pussy lips, rectum, and thighs. I couldn't stand it any longer so I quietly pushed open the door and moved up behind Brenda where I stood momentarily watching the girls. Brenda turned and looked at me and smiled. I knew the look on her face; I had seen it so many times in our super-sex sessions. Her desires were raging and the only way to satisfy them was to fuck her with passion – as hard, and as long as I could – to give her as much pleasure as she needed to quench the sexual desire within her. 

Her wetness, and my pre-cum made it easy to slip my cock into her wet hole. She let out a low cry as my cock bumped into the entrance of her womb. Surprisingly neither woman acted surprised that I had joined them. Brenda kept fucking Megan's vagina as she pushed her wet hole back against my hard cock. Megan alternated between watching us and closing her eyes as the waves of pleasure coursed through her as I fucked Brenda.

Megan's body arched and she let out a loud cry, her body struggling against the thrusting dildo. Her breath was deep and loud and the perspiration ran off of her forehead as she shuddered uncontrollably once more.

I lost track of time and at some point Brenda slipped off of my cock and pulled me down on the bed between the two women and both of them started to play with my cock. Taking turns, they would suck on it and gently jack me off. Just before I was about to cum Brenda would squeeze my cock near the base and keep me from shooting my load of fuck-juice. (It's nice to have a wife that knows your body that well)

After more sex, the three of us lay in the bed taking a short rest Brenda said with a laugh, "What took you so long to join us, we thought you were going to stand in the hall and just watch forever!"

Brenda's hand was on my cock and her fingers played with the swollen head as we lay there. Suddenly she raised herself up on one elbow and looking at me said, "I want to watch you...no," she corrected herself, "help you fuck Megan. We can do it together" She added with a soft laugh.

As I lay on my back Brenda helped Megan position herself over my hard cock. My wife took my penis in her fingers and after sucking on it to make it harder, directed it into the entrance of Megan's wet cunt. Brenda caressed Megan's clitoris and labia as my cock moved up and into her delicious, hair-covered fuck-hole. Megan's naked tits bounced as she rode my cock. Brenda alternated between fingering and licking Megan's clit as we fucked. A couple of times Brenda pulled my cock out of Megan's cunt and sucked on it before directing it back into Megan's pleasure hole. The intensity of the sex was staggering Megan and I came closer to cuming. I was in so much ecstasy that I hardly noticed that Brenda had slipped one of her vibrating dildos into her own cunt with her free hand and was fucking herself feverishly as she sucked and licked Megan's clitoris.

I couldn't hold back much longer, I was doing everything I could to keep from cuming but the eroticism of the moment was too much. Suddenly Megan let out a cry as her body thrashed roughly against my hard cock. At the same time Brenda gritted her teeth and started to cum too. I couldn't hold back any longer and I felt my own cum starting to shoot up my shaft and into Megan's warm cunt. My cock shuddered with an intense, pleasurable wave of ejaculation after ejaculation as my cum filled the dark hole between Megan's legs.

Megan leaned forward with her hands on both sides of my arms – panting for air, as the muscles in her belly contracted and relaxed. She kissed me passionately as she pressed her warm tits against my chest. My cock was still experiencing occasional spasms as the last drops of my cum oozed into her body.

As she finally lifted her vagina off of my cock I watched as a large glob of my cum, mixed with her juices run out of her cunt and drop onto my thigh.

The three of us lay on the bed exhausted. No one said very much, each was enjoying their own level of satisfaction.

"Was this all planned?" I asked the girls as we lay there.

"No," Brenda answered, "it just happened. When we heard you come home we couldn't stop and we hoped you would join us."

Brenda and I had several serious discussions about sex and our own needs after that afternoon and, in reality, I think we came to understand more about each other because of it. It also opened a door that expanded our sex-play in many directions after that – we experimented more.

Megan ended up staying with us for about six months and she was a part of many of our super-sex sessions. Megan moved to California and lives close by so we see her frequently. Occasionally Megan and I would have sex together and on other occasions she and Brenda would play. Sometimes I watched and sometimes took photographs but we always had fun.