 I had just finished moving into my new condominium and was very hot and sweaty. The air conditioner had not yet been able to overcome the door standing open for two hours as I moved boxes and things. Even a quick, cool shower failed to compensate for the oppressive heat of the Southwest summer. 

"Well," I thought to myself, "Good time to check out the pool." I slipped on my trunks and grabbed a towel. I hoped my condo would cool down before I returned; I had no idea just how hot it was about to get.

There was no one at the pool, which suited me just fine, so I dove into the cool water, which felt so good I swam around underwater for as long as I could. Suddenly, I heard a splash and a slim figure shot past right in front of me. I had a quick glimpse of a pair of long, slender legs attached to a very nicely rounded ass. I was so startled that I quickly clamored up into the bright sun, sputtering and gasping for breath. About twenty feet in front of me was a laughing redhead, who splashed water at me and dove underwater again. She swam strongly and I could see her long auburn hair streaming across her back as she passed around my legs. I watched, fascinated, as if I was being circled by a shark, and this time she surfaced directly in front of me. She flipped her long hair back from her beautiful pale face and smiled at me. 

I felt a distinct twitch from within my swim trunks and stammered, "Uh, Hi. My names Adrian, uh, I just moved into uh, 121." I stuttered like a teenager on his first date, but she was so striking in her thong bikini. It was that very sexy kind that was held together by knotted string, and I absently wondered how easy they might come untied. She had the smooth, alabaster skin typical of most redheads, along with a light sprinkling of freckles on her cheeks, and a slim hourglass figure with pear-shaped breasts. 

She couldn't help but notice how I devoured her with my eyes and cocked her head to one side and said, "Hi, Adrian, I'm Kammi. Would you mind helping me with something?" She beckoned me to follow her and headed for the ladder and out of the pool. I followed and she stretched out on a poolside chaise and asked me if I would mind putting the sunscreen on her. "We redheads need LOTS of protection, you know." She added coyly, looking back at me over her shoulder.

Would I mind? With the chance of being able to run my hands all over her body, I jumped at the chance. I grabbed the tube and squirted a generous amount into my hand and began to smooth it along her back. As I approached her shoulders, she reached back and deftly yanked at the knot of her top, releasing the strings. I felt a bigger twitch from within my swim trunks. Her bikini bottom covered nothing of her small derrière and as my fingers passed across the smooth mounds, I longed to tug at the knot on either side and let the panels loose. As I ran my hands down her legs, I mumbled about how my A/C was having a hard time cooling my place down and how miserable it was, and how the cable wasn't hooked up yet, and basically pouring out my woes to her. She turned over, looked at me intently with sparkling green eyes, held her top against her chest and gestured for me to continue to apply the sunscreen. 

This time, I felt a series of twitches from within my swim trunks. "You poor thing!" she laughed, "You must spend the afternoon with us, then, Adrian, our air conditioning is doing just fine." She paused and then exclaimed "I know," and snapped her fingers, "come have lunch with us." 

"Us?" I asked.

"My roommate." She explained tersely. 

"Welll, okay," I blurted, "It would be my pleasure." I said. The thought of meeting another pretty girl sent my mind into a whirl. My hands ran across her smooth, taut stomach and down along her flanks, then back up to be sure I got her shoulders covered. The loose top shifted ever so slightly and I caught a tantalizing view of a small, pink nipple atop a conical breast and surrounded by a warm coffee-colored aureola. 

She sat up suddenly, grabbed a towel to cover herself, and said "Come on then!" We arrived at her condo quickly and she turned the key in the lock and as she opened the door she shouted "It's me. I've got company." She grabbed my hand and led me into the room where her roommate sat, absolutely naked, on the sofa. "This is Adrian." She said to the young man. That's right, young man! He stood up and stretched out his hand to shake mine. 

I stumbled over myself once again, "Er, uhhh, my friends call me Addie." He chuckled at my obvious discomfort and said with a distinctive accent, "No worries, Addie, have a seat, mate." 

Kammi dropped the towel and with a quick jerk at each hip, her thong was removed in one quick, fluid motion. I could feel my cheeks burning and she said quickly, "Oh! I'm sorry Addie! I guess I should have warned you that we just don't wear clothes unless we absolutely have to." She giggled and took me by the hand and looked up into my eyes. 

"Won't you join us?" and then said shyly "I mean for lunch, of course." I was staring at her lovely naked body completely unabashed, and she said, "But, by-the-way, Don't feel like you have to keep those trunks on, Addie." After my initial hesitation, I decided, what the hell, when in Rome and all that. I turned away as I gingerly slipped my swim trunks down and stepped out of them. Kammi nodded appreciatively and sat down on the sofa again and patted the open cushion next to her. 

"Sit down, Addie," she said in a luscious contralto voice, "let's get acquainted." I half-covered myself with my hand as I sat down, still a bit self-conscious of my nakedness but she just smiled and reached over to my lap, removed my shielding hand and said, "It's okay, Addie, we're all friends here. And don't you think it's best if friends don't have any secrets from each other?" I nodded weakly in response as she took hold of my wrist and moved it over to her thigh. She parted her legs a bit more and grasped my forearm and pulled herself to me, which caused my hand to slip into the warm crevice between her legs. This, of course, had the obvious and very visible effect upon my cock; and this time, it wasn't twitching inside my trunks, it was standing out for all to see! She ran her hand lightly up the shaft and over the smooth head, smearing the glistening drop of precum down the side and again moving closer to me. My hand automatically began to rub up and down on her slit, and this produced copious amounts of lubrication around my fingers. "Stand up, Addie," she breathed huskily, "stand right here by the edge."

Then this beautiful redhead hung her head over the side of the couch, reached up to guide my cock to her sweet lips and gave it a big, wet kiss. As she started to suck slowly on the head, she ran her tongue around and around the ridge. Her boyfriend raised her legs to his shoulders and grasped her by her hips as he approached her on his knees, his fully erect cock pointing slightly upward. 

She removed her mouth from my cock long enough to look up at me and gasp, "Guide him in, Addie... Make him fuck me. Push his hot dick into me." and immediately returned to sucking my cock upside down. I bent over her, my balls covering half of her face and ran my hands down her smooth body, across her small pert tits and on down her smooth stomach. I supported myself on the back of the sofa with one hand and ran my fingers through her wispy strawberry-red pubic hair to where her boyfriend's cockhead was waiting. The last time I had touched another guy's cock was when I was a young teenager, exploring the world of sex and puberty with my friends, but this was different. I was strangely excited at the prospect, and actually wanted to get my hands on him. 

I reached out tentatively and wrapped my fingers around his penis. It was surprisingly warm and, well, vibrant... almost trembling with pent-up energy. My own cock gave a little jump inside Kammi's mouth as I touched his, and it was a completely different feel than when I would take my own member in my hands. I glanced up at his face and he was grinning, nodding that it was okay. I grasped his shaft, then, pulling him forward and settled his helmet at her little hole. I rubbed it up and down along her labia, I watched, fascinated as their combined moisture lubricated his swollen head. I tugged again, I watched his cock as it slowly disappeared into her pussy. I reached under him then and caressed his balls as he began his in-and-out fucking motions. She removed her mouth from my cock again and gently pushed me back as she kept her hand on my stiff member and continued to slowly stroke it. 

"I want you to fuck him, now, Addie, while he is fucking me." She gasped out, "I want you to fuck him in the ass." I shook my head slightly, unfamiliar and a little uncomfortable about this new twist. She must have sensed that I was unsure how to act, because she said "Don't worry, Addie, he likes, it. Don't you darling?" 

When I looked up at him, he met my eyes, and whispered, "Please, Addie, It makes me cum so hard, with a man's hot dick inside my ass while I fuck her." I couldn't believe what I heard! But I gave a mental shrug and moved around behind him and placed a trembling hand on his smooth butt, amazed at my own hardness. I reached for the tanning oil and cupped my hand below my shaft as I squeezed a generous amount out along the length of my shaft and oiled it up and down the complete length of my cock. I positioned myself behind him again. He bent forward and made one long, slow stroke into Kammi, and reached back with one hand to spread his ass cheeks for me. My cock throbbed in my hand as I grasped the base and set my helmet right at his puckered opening and pushed slightly forward, I could feel his sphincter relax as I slid my rigid member all the way in until I had to let go of it, my balls came to rest against his own balls hanging below. I pulled back out, slowly, and he told me to just remain there and not move. Then, incredibly, he started to move back and forth slowly, impaling himself back against my cock, as his own cock slid almost out of Kammi's pussy, then reversed and pushed his cock into her, as mine slid out of his hole almost to the head again. He was like some weird robot, a machine, an intermediate cog between two gears as he rocked back and forth, back and forth, faster and faster until he reached a steady, fevered rhythm.

"I'm going to cum, boys." she gasped.

He looked back at me and said, "Let's cum together, Addie, so that she can feel both of us." I nodded blankly, overwhelmed with the heady excitement and the wonderful feel of being inside of him. 

"Now!" she said loudly, and he thrust into her all the way and beckoned me to thrust deep into his own ass. 

"Addie." he groaned, "Bury your bone in my ass. Quickly!" As soon as I did I felt the spasms of his sphincter muscles from within him, signaling his climax. When I felt his contractions, it drove me over the edge and I started to jerk in response to my own mind-blowing orgasm. I could feel that my dickhead was up against his prostate, and when I spurted my semen deep into his ass, he, in turn, spurted his own cum deep into her pussy. 

She thrashed her head back and forth and arched her back to push back against the both of us as she screamed, "Yesss... I feel you both... Ohhh, soooo good." I reached around him and groped for her slim body, to feel it pulled against the two of us He was pinned between us like some kind of surreal sandwich. When the three of us had ceased our jerking, twitching, moaning and so on, we just collapsed and fell apart like a bunch of marionettes whose strings had just been severed. 

As I lay on the plush carpet and tried to catch my breath, I thought to myself, "I think I'm going to like it here!"