 After spending our whole lives living in the same city, my husband's job gave us a chance to move about as far away as imaginable. We were thrilled to have our first big adventure and in 3 short weeks we abandoned our whole lives and moved 5000 miles from home to Alaska. Before long we started to build a new life here. A new home, my new job, and new friends. I met a girl named Shell at my new job and in no time she was my closest friend. Her boyfriend Josh and my husband, Cameron, got along great too.

Cameron and I have an open marriage. As long as we clear it with the other person ahead of time, we've got a green light to do whatever we please. Though he loves to brag to his buddies that I'm cool enough to share him with other women, I have only told my very closest friends about our arrangement. Women aren't always as understanding of our situation. Somehow, after only knowing Shell for a few short weeks, I found myself telling her. From the very start our friendship was more like a flirtation. We joked constantly that I could borrow her boyfriend. We refer to Cameron as her future second husband.

Shell is the kind of girl that isn't just hot, she's sexy. Even worse, she's well aware of the effect it has on people. I've never seen her wear a shirt that didn't show off her D cups and she has an ass that makes even snow pants look scandalous. She has reddish brown hair streaked with blond that goes half way down her back and she has very light skin splashed with just enough freckles to be adorable. Though I had always been attracted to only men I found myself having dreams about her. I made it all the way through high school and college and 4 years of marriage without even a twinge of lesbian lust and suddenly at 26 I'm fantasizing about what it would be like to kiss her, touch her, be naked with her.

One day, she told me that Josh was going on a hunting trip and she invited me for a girls night in with jello shots and a movie. Cameron was out of town doing training. He loves the idea of me with another girl, so he gave me the go ahead to do whatever I wanted with her. All week I thought about how serious I was about wanting her. Could I ever get up the nerve to actually kiss her?

Josh didn't end up going hunting after all. He claimed his friend canceled on him, but I suspect he was lusting for the same thing that I was. I didn't get over to their house until it was already dark outside. Shell and I chatted while Josh worked away at renovating another room of their home. We ate dinner, sucked down jello shots, and took breaks from talking and drinking to hang out in the other room with Josh and bug him while he was working. She played her favorite songs on his iPod, dancing and grinding against me.

Eventually Josh finished his work and snuggled up with us to watch a movie. Josh told me I wasn't allowed to drive home because I had drank too much, and I was required to sleep on the couch. Shell playfully suggested "Or you could sleep upstairs with us". I, being too coy, refused and said that would be inappropriate and Josh said that yes, it would. I settled in on the couch as they went upstairs. I laid there totally awake and crushed that I wasn't properly seduced and was sleeping alone. Their bedroom is really just a loft over their living room, so I could hear them still giggling and whispering to each other. I knew I had to find any reason to get up there and be with them. Finally I said, "So there's kind of a lot of light down here from all the gadgets, can I come sleep up there with you guys? I promise to behave myself." After what seemed like half an hour of utter silence and gut wrenching suspense she said "you can come sleep with us, but I have to warn you, I'm already topless." I climbed the stairs to the loft and there she was sitting up in bed with the blanket pulled up just high enough to cover her nipples. Josh was lying there next to her. I felt him watching me, but I couldn't look away from her long enough to even see his face. I turned off the light and took off my jeans and slid in next to her and she gave me some pillow and blanket and invited me to snuggle with them.

I was pressed up against her back and my leg was over hers. My face was already buried in her hair and she smelled like flowers and conditioner. I was fascinated by how nice it felt to have my smoothly shaved legs tangled with hers. It was quiet, awkwardly quiet, so I just decided to blurt it out. "Shell, half the time I am perfectly happy just being friends with you. You're fun to hang out with. The other half of the time I just want you." She said she'd never done anything with a girl before. I hadn't either. I ran my hand up her thigh and discovered that she was wearing a barely there thong and absolutely nothing else. I tried to touch her breast, but her arm was in the way and I panicked and rolled away from them, literally hyperventilating with sexual frustration. I'm a girl, for Christ sake. Generally if I want someone I just don't turn him down when he tries to have sex with me. Seducing a girl, even if she was already nearly naked and right next to me, was actually painfully difficult.

I could hear the sounds of them making out by now. They were just inches away and I had never been so horny in my life, but I still couldn't bring myself to force my way into their fun. When I couldn't stand it any more, I rolled over and reached over to touch her shoulder and ended up with his rock hard dick in my hand. Turns out I hadn't heard them kissing, she was giving him a blowjob. Well That was all the motivation I needed! I pulled off my shirt and slid out of my bra and reached around and put my hand on her tit. She squirmed, but in a pleased way, so I pulled her shoulder down toward me so that she was on her back and put my hand in her beautiful long hair and kissed her. She is an amazing kisser, just enough tongue, not too much saliva and she tasted like cherry jello. I stopped before long and asked her if it was too weird and she assured me she was definitely not disgusted. So, I kissed her again. We were on our sides, our legs were intertwined, I had my hands in her hair and running up and down her back and legs and arms she was doing the same to me, as I of shifted to be on top of her.

Josh was still there next to us. He didn't say anything, he didn't interfere or even try to participate, but I was very aware of his presence. I was on top of her and my right leg was against him and I reached out and pulled him against both of us. I was so glad to have him there because there's nothing scary and new about boy parts. I was comforted by their proximity. I pressed my boobs up against hers and I pulled far enough back every once in a while to get my hands on them. I felt my way down Josh's body too and found that he was completely naked. I took little breaks from kissing her to nibble on her ear and kiss her neck and even her chest. She made a fun little whimper when I bit lightly on her nipple. There were four other hands touching me and pulling on my panties and in my hair and on my tits and squeezing my ass. I even felt someone feeling around inside my panties and one of their fingers was testing my reaction to being inside me. 

God, I have never been so turned on in my life! All the panting and hands of unknown origin working around in my panties? I couldn't believe this was happening. I reached down to Shell's panties a few times and managed to determine that she too had shaved completely in preparation for this, but I couldn't really work up the nerve to put my fingers inside her. Josh was kissing my neck and tonguing around my ear and Shell had moved to my other side. I was sandwiched between them, facing Josh. I pulled his face to mine and kissed him. He used more tongue than she did and his breath was hot and he was more forceful, but I felt wanted, very wanted and nothing makes me feel sexier.

Shell got behind me and pulled at my panties saying, "we've got to get these out of the way." I sat up on my knees and slipped them off realizing Shell's were gone too. We continued all the kissing, groping, and rolling around on top of each other. I finally got up the nerve to finger Shell since some one's hand was damn near wrist deep in me. I felt around for her clit first and she arched her back a little and squirmed and I slipped a finger inside her and then two and moved them slowly in and out. I know how to touch a man, I have plenty of experience there, but even when she moaned or gasped I felt unsure of myself. Like I was ill equipped to make her cum. I felt Josh reaching for her pussy, but my hand was blocking him. He groaned a little and his erection was pressed against my hip at the time. As his hands were reaching for Shell it occurred to me that it must be Shell fingering me and I felt guilty that I wasn't really sure what I was doing down there, because she wasn't having any trouble with me.

Through out all this, I had been reaching down and toying with Josh ever once in a while and, when I started to feel bad about not knowing what to do for Shell, I pushed him on his back and started to go down on him. His cock was just as perfect as Shell had often told me it was. Good length and great thickness. It curves upwards just enough that if I held my head at the right angle it slid effortlessly down my throat. Shell and I took turns for a while. I'd suck on him and she'd mouth around his balls and then we'd switch. Stopping occasionally to make out with each other again. At one point we were both on opposite sides of his dick, our lips touching on either side and working up and down. Sometimes while she was blowing him I'd just lay there next to her and admire her perfect butt and run my fingers through her pretty, long hair. Once, I crawled up next to him, ran my fingers over his chest, kissed his neck and his lips and just watched him moan and writhe while she sucked his cock. I went back to sucking and tonguing his balls and stroked him while she blew him and he whispered that he was cumming and grunted and gasped and came in Shell's mouth. I thought it only fair that I let her do that part, since he is her boyfriend. She crawled off the bed and grabbed a tissue to spit into.

When she was back on the bed I pulled her on top of me. We were making out again and I loved the feeling of her weight on top of me. Her leg was pressed against my clit and my pulse was racing with every movement of her hips. My leg was grinding against her pussy too and I could feel her wetness against my leg. I fingered her again and every little noise she made gave me more confidence. Josh wasn't involved this time. He just watched us go at it from the other side of the bed, making little moaning and grunting sounds occasionally, reassuring us that it was fun to watch.

She pulled back a little and sat up on her knees and it became too hard to reach her with my hands, but she was still fingering me. She moved her finger in and out of me so fast and so hard. I could feel an orgasm building. My heart was racing and my skin was on fire. Josh got up behind her and they both were looking down at me on my back. She pushed her hips back and I watched her gasp as he plowed into her. She didn't stop touching me, and I came so hard I could feel it from my toes to my ear lobes. When I regained my senses enough to do so, I scooted over enough to give him room to bend her over to doggy style. They were fucking right there next to me and the bed shook with every thrust. She made these little whiney moaning sounds that were super sexy and he was holding her against him with his hands on her hips, pounding so hard and, it was with out a doubt the hottest thing I have EVER been lucky enough to see. I crawled under her and kissed her, but she was distracted by him pounding her. I put my hand on her pussy and wrapped two fingers around the base of his shaft and felt him moving in and out of her. I played with his soaking wet balls and he made very pleased noises. I got up behind him and bit and kissed his neck a little and then laid down a ways away from them just watching them go at it. I could watch that all day.

She pulled away and flipped onto her back and put her feet on his shoulders and he thrusted into her. I rolled his balls around in my hand again and I felt her breasts as her chest heaved. I ran my fingers over his strong arms and shoulders as he supported himself over her. He said "are you coming for me baby?" And she said yes and, God, she came so hard and she made the greatest little noises. Then he announced he was close and he came inside her and they collapsed into each other.

It never felt like I was intruding. I never felt left out. They both wanted to touch me and kiss me and even when they were focused on each other I was welcome to be there enjoying the sights and sounds. I spent the night snuggled up with them. I can't wait for Cameron to get home so our threesome can be a foursome. I'd love to have her go down on him with me. I am dying to watch Cameron fuck her. I want to know what it's like to be with Josh. I think this is the start of something life alteringly fantastic.