 True story, to the best of my recollection anyway. It starts slowly but I thought it necessary to set the stage. Names changed a little but that's about it. I'd love feedback if you'd be willing to take a moment and comment or send me a message. 

*****

I was re-introduced to Laura when I was a senior in college. Our parents went to the same church and apparently got it in their heads that we would be a nice couple. Laura is three years older than me and was working at her first real job after college but while she was in high school she used to babysit my younger sister for some extra cash. Of course I fantasized about her at the time: what teenage boy wouldn't? Laura's body is all delicious curves: her breasts are full DD cups and her ass stretched the seat of her pants nearly to the breaking point. 

Nothing came of our time together back then though. I forgot about her as I drunkenly stumbled through college and the associated parties, thoroughly enjoying myself along the way. Our parents contrived to have us join them for a big Sunday lunch (dinner down here in the South) and I was a bit surprised how well we hit it off. 

We exchanged numbers and began texting and chatting regularly. Nothing too sexual, but the conversations weren't without innuendo. Laura lived about an hour away from me and we finally made plans for my first overnight visit. 

I arrived with a small overnight bag and we chatted over drinks before heading out to dinner and a hookah lounge after. It was really the first time that I had gone out as a proper adult: I worked in restaurants in college and my schedule was so packed that I never went out to eat at normal times, almost always opting for the hospitality night specials instead. 

We wound up dancing after the hookah lounge (something I'm not great at) but I powered through as the fantasies that had so occupied my youth were now nearly within my grasp. Her breasts pushed against my chest as we danced and she ground her luscious ass against my rock hard erection. I was so excited! She had no roommates, she was grinding all over me, we had talked about sex (some) and I knew she had no issues with premarital sex: I was golden, right? We began to make out as the band packed up before hailing a taxi back to her apartment.

We stumbled through the door, hands frantically groping each other. I could feel myself leaking precum as we tumbled onto the bed. My hands explored her curves over her clothes as our kisses continued. Eventually I worked up the nerve to slide a hand beneath her shirt and free one of her magnificent globes. It was glorious. Her light tan areola was crinkled with her arousal, the nipple like the bud of an eraser capping the mound of creamy flesh. I couldn't wait to feast on it.

But Laura had other ideas, putting a stop to our activities, declaring that she wasn't ready to take it that far yet. OK, I'm a patient guy, I'll wait for the chance to fulfill those fantasies of fucking the babysitter. 

So as I packed up the next morning she invited me over to her parents' house the following weekend. They would be out of town and she was housesitting. She wanted to have a "Soprano's" party and watch the latest episode over Italian food, oh, and I was to bring a swimsuit as her parents had a pool.

Of course I was all over that and we finalized plans.

I looked forward to our liaison all week but was distracted on Thursday with the arrival of Mandy. Mandy had gone to the same high school as Laura and me and had been in my year before moving away as a sophomore. She had always had a bit of a crush on me that went unrequited. She was a late bloomer and had a stick figure and braces when she left as a sophomore and honestly I was never that attracted to her despite her friendly personality. 

I ran into her at a friend's house party that Thursday night and was floored. I hadn't seen her almost six years. She looked like a pinup model from the 1950's: fantastic curves capped with platinum blonde hair and ruby red lips. I discovered that she had gotten married and moved to Minnesota at some point but genuinely enjoyed catching up with the stunning woman. We exchanged numbers and I let her know that she should give me a ring if she found some down time during her visit.

She called Saturday afternoon and asked if I had plans for that evening. Images of her body floated in front of my eyes and I desperately tried to think of a way to spend time with her and not kill my chance with Laura. So I said that I did indeed have plans with another classmate and that I'd have to check in and confirm with Laura before I committed to anything else.

Laura, it turns out, had invited one of her high school friends, David, to the dinner. I knew David and genuinely liked him. He is a bi-racial guy, very laid back, and a fun guy to hang out with. I was disappointed that Laura had invited someone else to our dinner, but, sensing an opening, I asked if I could bring Mandy along.

Laura agreed, and I filled Mandy in on the plans. I picked Mandy up and we grabbed a couple bottles of cheap red wine on the way out to Laura's parents' house. 

As we drove I told Mandy what a lucky guy her husband was. I had been trying to be more open and honest with people and I complimented her on appearance and how happy I was to see that she was doing so well in life. She took the compliment in the way that I had intended and added "You know that I always had a crush on you," and my heart beat a little faster before I remembered that she was married. 

Oh well, at least I had a shot at seeing her pale curves on full display in a swimsuit. 

We arrived and everyone was re-introduced. Dinner was almost ready and the wine disappeared from our cups quickly as we caught up on each other's lives and future plans. Dinner was consumed in an equally voracious fashion, the Soprano's playing unnoticed in the background. When we had finished loading the dishwasher Laura announced that it was time to take a dip in the pool.

It was summertime in Florida, and the combination of warm air, cool water, good company, good music and plenty of alcohol was fantastic. David and I were treated to the delightful sight of our two buxom friends splashing happily, breasts straining against the thin fabric of their tops. The wine supply had long been exhausted and we ran out of beer when we took a break from chicken fighting. 

David and I were volunteered to go get more Coronas and we went inside to change for the beer run. As I passed a window overlooking the pool I was treated to a fantastic, albeit completely unexpected sight.

"They're making out in the pool!" I exclaimed as I rushed into the other room, grabbing David by the arm. 

"What?" His look of stunned confusion was fleeting before the same excitement I felt kindled behind his eyes. 

"Let's get the fuck out of here and give them time to move things along." I said, pulling him to the door. 

We made that beer run in record time, flinging money at the cashier and manhandling the two cases of beer into my non-existent backseat.

"Are you down if they want to do more? Like if they want us both to join them?" David asked. 

"Hell yeah dude. Which one do you want if you have a choice?" I replied.

"Mandy. Holy fuck she's hot. I fucked Laura back in the day. I love those tits, but Mandy is driving me crazy." David's words stabbed me, jealousy rearing its ugly head. "Have you fucked her yet?"

"No," I admitted. "I was hoping that tonight would be the night."

"The night's not over yet my man. This shit might get wild. Be ready for it." David delivered the statement almost like a pep talk and my hopes soared.

We burst into the house and thrust the beers into a cooler, haphazardly packing it with ice. Limes, a bottle opener and we were all set to join in the sapphic delight that we hoped was unfolding right outside.

To our disappointment Laura and Mandy were just sitting at the table and enjoying a few cigarettes. David and I had agreed not to mention the display I had seen, and I was trying to figure out how to move things back in that direction when Laura suddenly said, "Who's up for skinny dipping?"

A bit stunned at first, David and I chorused back "Hell yeah" to chuckles from the women.

"Hell, why not," said Mandy, and she stood, unclasping her top. Her pale breasts bounded free with the longest rosy pink nipples I have seen to this day. They stood out almost ¾ of an inch on her large (D cup I'm guessing) breasts which swung magnificently as she shucked her bikini bottoms to reveal a thick thatch of brown pubic hair. She turned and gracefully dove into the pool. Laura followed suit and we were all treated to the sight of her huge melons and trimmed pubic hair before she too dove into the pool.

"Well boys?" Mandy called playfully. "We want to see what you've got!" Laura's hoot affirmed her enthusiasm for the idea.

David and I glanced at each other before shucking our shorts and jumping in. David was in decent shape, broad shoulders and a relatively flat, hairless stomach. I have no idea what he was packing down below. I was (and still am) a relatively hard-bodied guy. Wiry would be the best way to describe me. I had a full six pack below my curly black chest hair and my arms were more well-muscled and define than David's. 

David beat me into the water, but not by much. Surprisingly, or maybe not - what did I know about how orgies start - there wasn't any physical contact between us. We laughed, chatted and drank, and I did my best to maintain eye contact with the women while my peripheral vision was in overdrive. Both women generally kept their nipples below the water and now that the pool lights were on our bodies were mostly silhouetted against the pool.

Out of the blue Mandy boldly stated "David, it's time for you to go."

He looked back at her in shock, sputtering "What? What do you mean?"

"It's been nice catching up, but we'd like you to leave now," was her firm, but not unkind reply.

David looked at her, then Laura, and finally at me. I shrugged.

"But what about Tom? Does he get to stay?" His voice was desperate.

"Don't worry about Tom. We'll see you later." Laura had chimed in. "I'll catch up with you tomorrow or later in the week. Thanks for coming."

David dressed dispiritedly and mumbled a few goodbyes before leaving. 

I had no clue what was going through the women's minds at this point. Had they conceived a plan while we went out for the beer? Was there a plan? Should I say anything? I was Mandy's ride, and it was late enough that to leave and then come back was out of the question.

My musings were interrupted by Laura's voice. "Let's get in the hot tub. My parent's have one in the master suite." She made her way to the steps and the water streamed off her pale backside as she went. Mandy and I followed her, all of us grabbing towels to get most of the water off for our trek through the house.

The "hot tub" was small, apparently designed for two people. We crammed ourselves into the warm water (I'm guessing Laura turned it on while David and I were gone) and almost immediately hands were on me, caressing my chest, stomach, ass, and hardening cock. No words were spoken as we fondled each other, each of us touching the other two at the same time.

The fact that Mandy was married never entered my mind and no one brought it up. Laura and I were not dating exclusively, and it never crossed my mind that it might be inappropriate to touch another woman in front of her. I had no clue that either of them might be bisexual, much less that they both were. Our southern hometown was small and most folks looked down on same-sex fun at the time: hell, they still do. Asshats.

Regardless, I found myself with two fingers in each woman, just managing to get in far enough to feel their g-spots. Laura was massaging her own breast with a free hand as she latched herself onto Mandy's long nipple. I attached myself to Mandy's other and Mandy began to cum after a few minutes, writhing beneath our mouths, bucking her hips against my hand. 

She looked at us through half-lidded eyes. "That was awesome," she said and rose. "I need to go cool off in the pool." 

She grabbed a towel and stepped from the big tub, wrapping herself in it as she left the room.

Laura and I launched ourselves at each other, our tongues battling, my hands exploring, tweaking those heavenly globes of my pubescent fantasies. She moaned as I mauled her tits, replacing my hands with my mouth. My fingers worked their way down her body until they found her slit and the little nub on top. I caressed her clit with my thumb before inserting two fingers, curving up to her g-spot. Her moans grew louder as I toyed with her sex, my other hand joining to continuously tease her clit while the fingers of my other hand penetrated her.

"More," Laura gasped, color suffusing her pale neck, creeping down her chest. Her head flew back as I added a third finger, stretching her pussy wide. Her moans abruptly halted and she rocked forward, clenching my thrusting fingers with muscles driven by her arousal and her face contorted as she silently came.

At this point my surroundings came back into focus and I realized that Mandy was calling for me. I kissed Laura deeply "Let me go see what she wants, I'll be right back."

My erection had flagged with my concentrated efforts on Laura which I felt was convenient as I made my way towards the pool. Mandy was wading in the shallow end, her bush concealed by the water but her nipples were exposed, hard in the cooling night air.

"What were you guys doing in there?" she asked, pumping her eyebrows mischievously. 

"Nothing you hadn't seen or had done to you," I countered with a grin of my own. "What's up? What'd you want from me?"

"I got bored," she said laughing. "It was too hot in the tub. I figured you guys would be right behind me."

"Like this?" I asked, quickly moving behind her and grabbing her around the waist. My soft cock nestled in the incredible valley of her ass and I felt it lengthen as she wiggled her hips to get away.

"No, not like that!" she shrieked.

"What'd you expect? Did you call me out here for nothing?" I asked rhetorically and picked her up before dunking us both sideways into the water. 

Her smooth body slipped from my grasp upon impact and I found myself with overflowing handfuls of tit flesh. Her huge nipples were hard against my hand as we surfaced and my cock was approaching a granite-like state. 

"That was slick," she said with a grin, reaching back to grasp my erection and then turning to face me. She pumped me underwater as our mouths met. Her teeth were sharp against my tongue and lips and my hands did their best to pull her nipples to their full length. 

I broke our kiss, dipping my head to suck one of those delicious nipples into my mouth, lightly biting it between my teeth as my tongue flicked the tip. She moaned and thrust her chest forward, pushing her breast more firmly into my face. My right hand found her curly thatch of hair and explored it again, teasing her clit. 

She pulled more insistently on my cock, and we moved to the side of the pool next to the steps. I pushed her forward so that she bent at the waist I thrust my hard rod deep inside her well lubricated cunt in one thrust. Her large white ass cheeks jiggled from their collisions with my hips and the water splashed insistently around us. 

I'm not sure if you've ever tried fucking furiously in a pool, but that shit is hard. After a few minutes I began to tire and pulled out, slapping the side of the pool over the steps indicating that she should sit there.

She did and spread her legs to accept my rigid cock once again. I pumped hard and fast, not worried about her release. I harassed her tits with my hands and raped her mouth with my tongue until I exploded inside of her.

My cock was coated in cum, and I stepped back into the cool water to rinse off. She did the same and then we moved to the table, grabbing beers and cigarettes, completely comfortable being nude with each other now and our conversation flowed easily (though I have no recollection about what we talked about).

Laura joined us at the table after a couple of minutes. "Ready?" she asked Mandy who nodded in response. 

"Ready for what?" I asked stupidly and took a drag on my cigarette.

"We're going to go into the bedroom now," was Laura's response.

Thankfully I had already exhaled or I would have choked. I took another drag as Laura looked at me and rhetorically asked "Well, are you going to join us?"

That time I did choke, stubbing my smoke out and draining my beer. I followed the laughing women into the house to a guest room. The queen bed was a low slung affair and the women tossed the pillows on the floor and ripped off the remaining bedding. 

Mandy moved to Laura, kissing her, and their arms encircled each other. Mandy pushed Laura gently onto the bed and moved on top of her. Laura's legs were splayed beneath and around Mandy's and I saw her folds open wide. Mandy moved up to give Laura easier access to her breasts and straddled the latter's stomach. I was now staring at two sets of glistening, engorged pussy lips as the women moaned and writhed on the bed.

Decisions, decisions. 

I opted for Laura, reasoning I had already fucked Mandy and wanted to dip my wick in as many holes as I could tonight. I stepped up between Laura's legs and sank my dick into her drenched cunt easily while placing my hands on Mandy's ass. She was looser than Mandy but it still felt amazing. Laura groaned loudly and told Mandy in a ragged voice "He's inside me."

I could feel Laura's juices trickling down my balls as I pounded away. Mandy moved farther up Laura's body until she was straddling Laura's face. I watched as Mandy lowered her snatch and Laura's tongue darted up to taste her. 

I later learned that Laura was oblivious to the fact that I had fucked Mandy in the pool. So she inadvertently ate my cum out of the latter's maybe-not-so-married pussy. 

My orgasm was rapidly approaching and I reached up, roughly grabbing a handful of Laura's bountiful tit. I had finally done it: I fucked the babysitter and in a fantastically hot threesome with another woman that I genuinely liked and found sexy. The thought put me over the top and I came hard inside Laura's welcoming vagina. 

I briefly took leave of the women, citing nature's call. I went to the master bathroom to relieve myself, grabbing my phone along the way. "Dude," I said to a high school buddy when he answered, drunkenly complaining about the hour of the call. "Shut up. Listen to me. I had to tell someone. I'm taking a leak and then I'm going back into a threesome with Mandy and Laura. No, I'm not full of shit. And yes, I am the fucking man."

I hung up and almost sprinted back to the guest room and the sapphic delight that awaited me there. The women were laying side by side on the bed, gently caressing each other. "I told Laura that I've always wondered who eats pussy better, men or women. She said women must. But neither of us have ever been with a woman before so we really don't know. Want to give it a shot? See who's better?" 

Mandy was definitely putting lead back into my pencil. Neither one had ever done this before? Hell yeah!

"Absolutely! Who's our test subject?" was my reply.

"Me!" said Mandy happily and she spread her legs, dipping her hand to her sex and spreading her lips for us. 

"I'm first," claimed Laura and she slide between Mandy's open thighs.

I took Laura's spot next to Mandy, kissing her deeply. She moaned into my mouth and then we broke the kiss to watch Laura's efforts. Her eyes were closed in concentration as she licked Mandy and I seriously considered saying to hell with the contest and fucking her hard so that her face would be bounced off Mandy's cunt. But I wasn't quite ready for the next round yet.
