 Some years ago, my wife and I, who have always brought fantasies into our lovemaking, were in the habit of suggesting people who might be interested in joining in our lovemaking sessions. We had not taken things any further up until then, but had suggested various friends that we both knew and were comfortable with; both men and women.

When asked whether she would prefer a man or woman to join us, my wife said that she thought maybe a woman would be the better option for the first time, as it would be a gentler, more romantic experience in her eyes, and would be less likely to lead to any jealous thoughts occurring.( At that time neither of us knew how much enjoyment we would both get from bringing both men and women into our sex lives, with no jealousy on either side; that all being in the future.)

We discussed various women friends; one of whom was a clear leader to us both. Her name was Angela; a divorcee who lived around the corner from us; who we'd known for about three years or so, having met down the local pub we all frequented at the time. The three of us got on really well, to the extent that in the past we'd discussed things such as penis size; how large a penis both my wife and Angela preferred; whether they shaved their pubic hair, and similar topics. (Angela stated that she liked to keep a "shaven haven" as she called it.)

Although my wife and I both thought that Angela might be interested in joining us, you never really know until the topic is broached. This eventually happened when we were all attending the wedding of the two people who ran the local pub. This resulted in an all day session at the pub, with a band in a marquee later in the evening. The three of us had spent all day in each other's company, and at one point, when were briefly alone, I asked my wife if she thought that this might be an ideal opportunity to broach the subject of Angela joining in with us. 

My wife was in favour, partly I think because of the amount of alcohol we had all imbibed. This led to me asking Angela a little later if she would be interested. Instead of being shocked, which was my fear, she instead said that she didn't know that we thought of her in that way. She was a little concerned though that we were asking her only because she was living on her own, and had no love life of her own to speak of. I tried my best to reassure her that our motives were only influenced by the fact that as the three of us got on so well, we almost regarded each other as partners in a way, and that both I and my wife actually fancied her, and would love it if she was in fact interested in both of us. If that were the case, we could help each other become even closer than at present, whilst heightening all our sex lives at the same time.

While I was talking in this fashion, I had put my hand on Angela's knee, and was slowly rubbing along her leg. As the three of us were sat at a large round table at the far end of the long "lounge bar", with me sitting between the two ladies, I was easily able to put hands on both women's legs at the same time and slowly caress them equally. My wife was also taking part in the conversation, and had reassured Angela that both of us felt the same way towards her, and that she hoped that Angela would join in a session of lovemaking with the two of us, and was really looking forward to the sensation of touching another woman, a new sensation for her.

By now my hands had progressed up the legs of both women, jointly caressing them until my hands were just touching both their panties. Angela had opened her legs for me, as had my wife, and they were both smiling at each other and at me as I started to massage the fronts of their pants.

By now I had a lovely hard on, and looked down to it to attract both women's eyes to that fact, it raising a nice tented front to my suit trousers. I asked them both, "Why don't you both take your pants off?" to which they looked at each other first, then sort of shrugged and both started to raise their backsides and slip off their pants, putting them into their handbags. I coaxed them to move their chairs closer to me, and when settled raised both their skirts enough to reveal their pussies to my view. Angela did really have a "shaven haven" as she'd said, compared to my wife's pussy which had a strip of pubic hair left above her slit, the rest shaven also.

For about thirty minutes I slowly fingered them both, whilst remaining aware of where we were, and careful not to raise any suspicions by my movements. At the same time I kept up a dialogue, asking both women if they were enjoying my ministrations, and suggesting to them what we could all get up to when we went home, the different combinations we could try out to make sure we all enjoyed ourselves to the maximum, whilst putting two, then three fingers into them both, and being rewarded at different times by both of their bodies going rigid with almost explosive orgasms. My only slight regret was that in the situation we were in, it wasn't physically practical for either of them to pull my cock as I would have liked, but I was enjoying what was happening too much to really regret anything, instead looking forward in anticipation to what would happen later.

A little while later, the bride and groom started circulating around the pub asking everyone if they'd enjoyed the day, etc. This prompted me to stop what I was doing and dry my hands whilst the women rearranged their skirts, so that nothing was amiss when the hosts came around. We all thanked them for their reception, and the live entertainment provided, and as quite a few people were now leaving , decided to follow suit. 

We walked arm in arm up the road, until we approached the turn off where Angela lived. She said "Coming back to mine, for a drink?" with a giggle, and led the way to her home. When we got there, Angela fixed us all a drink while I put on some quiet music. My wife and Angela sat on a settee; I sat on a chair facing them. 

After a while of chit chat, my wife put down her drink and reached over to kiss Angela on the lips( a first for both of them), at the same time undoing Angela's blouse, then her front opening bra, to expose her tits to our view. Whilst kissing her, she caressed Angela's tits fervently; Angela trying her best at the same time to access my wife's tits. My wife rarely wears a bra, and shrugged her top off her shoulders enabling Angela free access to her tits. 

This made a lovely view for me, with them feeling each others' tits, at the same time slouching slightly down in the settee, their legs opening, giving me another lovely view up both their skirts, revealing their soaking wet pussies once more to me.

After a while feeling each other's tits, both women lowered their hands, and raised the skirt of the other, enabling themselves to feel each others' pussies freely. This began with them both rubbing each others' soaking wet slits, before inserting fingers into each other, then masturbating each other vigorously with their fingers, whilst taking it in turns to suck each others' nipples. 

This was indeed a wonderful sight, which prompted me to release my quivering cock from my trousers so that I could slowly pull it to my hearts' content.

I got up from the chair a little while later and walked to the settee. My wife's and Angela's clothes were in total disarray, so I felt I should help them out. I slowly slipped their arms out of their clothing, undid zips, slipped skirts off, removed Angela's bra, being careful not to disturb what was going on between them both. After then removing my clothes, we were all naked. My wife and Angela slid to the floor, still fingering each other. I was stroking them both, kissing their breasts, arms, legs, touching whatever I could reach. This was heaven. Although my wife and Angela were actually making love to each other, I was totally involved, loving every moment of the action.

Almost by accident, the two women seemed to have the same idea, and slid around on the floor so that they were in the 69 position. They spent a few seconds looking at each others' open, wet cunts, before starting to lick each other. They both used long, slow movements to lick along the length of each others' cunts, sometimes holding the pussy lips open, savouring the smell and taste of each other. They inserted fingers into each other along the way, and probed each other with fingers and tongues, panting with excitement. 

I tried my best to help out as well, caressing and kissing Angela's backside, she being the one on top. I parted her bum cheeks, enabling me to see my wife's tongue doing its job on Angela's cunt, then slipped my fingers down, wet them from her cunt juices, and started to slowly insert one finger into Angela's arse, feeling the initial resistance slowly giving way, to press my finger in more deeply until I was fingering her arse at the same time as my wife was fingering and licking her cunt. Angela only took this for a short time before having a massive orgasm, wetting my wife's face beneath her with her cunt juices exploding from her.

From then on, things got much better. We all three coaxed scenarios out of each other, some of which we had talked about in the pub while I was fingering both women. Angela was asked if she owned a dildo of any description; she quickly produced a long, thick vibrator "Well used and loved", she assured us.

My wife sat on the settee, slouched down to present her pussy invitingly to Angela's tongue and fingers. Angela began again to finger and lick my wife's cunt, by now soaking wet and wide open. My wife switched on the vibrator and began touching her clitoral area with it. I kneeled behind Angela and reached between her legs with one hand to caress her cunt, whilst squeezing her breast with the other hand. I fingered her for a while and decided now was the time for me to really join in the action. Whilst the conversation to now had mainly been grunts, sighs, combined with various "Oohs, Aahs and Yes's", I now asked Angela, "Would you like me to fuck you now?"

She immediately replied "Oh, yes please; if that's ok?" directed at my wife. 

My wife again immediately replied " Fucking right! But don't stop licking!" This was all I needed to hear, my prick was right up against Angela's cunt lips, where I rubbed it up and down, coating its head in her cunt juices, then pressed it firmly into her soaking wet slit. My rampant cock slipped into her as if her cunt was made of warm, wet velvet. I stayed still for a short while, enthralled by the feeling of being imbedded in the cunt of someone I had never fucked before.

When I began to move my cock in and out of Angela, I did it slowly, with as much feeling as possible, being in honesty almost overcome with the excitement of the situation. My wife lying back in front of me, vibrator causing her orgasm after orgasm, having her cunt fingered and licked by one of her best friends, while I fucked Angela slowly from behind. I started to increase the rhythm, holding Angela's hips firmly while fucking her now in earnest; ramming my cock into her as hard as I was able. Within a few minutes we were both coming hard; her pushing back onto me; me pushing my cock forward, holding it deep inside her while I almost screamed out loud, spurting into her for what seemed an age as I slowly backed away, my cock slipping wetly out of her.

All three of us had come violently; my wife for about the third time, due to her vibrator manipulations, an object I think she has always had a deep affection for. We all sat on the couch and had a drink whilst gently kissing each other. My wife asked me and Angela " Did you both enjoy?" We both agreed that we thought it had been fantastic, and asked her if she'd enjoyed?

She replied "You're joking! I think I've ruined Angela's couch, I've come everywhere!"

We moved around on the couch so my wife was next to Angela, me sitting the other side of my wife. I started to caress her, and she started also to fondle Angela. She raised one of Angela's legs to enable her to firstly caress Angela's pussy, then started to rub the vibrator up and down Angela's slit, opening it like a flower, albeit a very wet one. This in turn progressed to her inserting the vibrator into Angela, at first slowly, then pumping it faster into her pussy, it becoming wetter and even more open as Angela slid down slightly on the couch to allow the vibrator to penetrate her pussy deeper.

At the same time as my wife was caught up in doing this, I had begun to finger my wife's cunt from behind, and as she became wetter and more excited, I raised her outer leg to enable me to get in close behind her and enter her from behind. This worked well also; My wife being fucked from behind whilst wanking off her friend with a vibrator. This really is the stuff that fantasies are made of. I can't describe how exciting it is. The sheer joy of what is taking place, at the same time a sense of everything not being real, that it's part of a dream. I have no doubt that alcohol is a great lubricator, in more ways than one! 

The position we were now in lasted quite a while, and I think Angela and my wife had come twice before it was my turn to come; ramming my cock as hard as I could into my wife, with a roar of pleasure I threw my spunk into her throbbing cunt; it eagerly soaking up everything thrown at it; she almost screaming in turn as she soaked my balls with her cunt juices.

Again the three of us stopped, had a drink, and between feeling each other up gently, discussed what was becoming a fantastic evening.

From then on we tried lots of different positions and combinations of licking, wanking, fingering and fucking. I remember the women sitting either side of me at one point, and both licking up and down my rigid cock at the same time, with their tongues sometimes going astray and entering each others' mouths; alternating with taking it in turns to pull my foreskin up and down.

The two women took it in turns to sit on my cock whilst I was lying on the floor, the other either sitting on my face, for me to lick them out, or crouching in front of the other, legs apart so the other woman could lick their cunt while being fucked by me. It's surprising how many combinations of licking and fucking there are for three people, and we did our best to try as many as we were able. 

Eventually the drink and tiredness took its toll and we retreated to Angela's double bed, curled up together and fell asleep. Late the next morning I was woken by Angela licking my cock and balls with great enthusiasm. In fairness it had been quite a while since she'd had a man ( Or a woman for that matter)and she wanted to get the most out of the situation I think. This ended up with me fucking her face to face, with my wife caressing us both, talking to us, encouraging us, telling me that it was ok for me to come inside Angela, as she could wait until later when we'd gone home for her share.

Angela and I had a spirited, lovely fucking session, enhanced by my wife's encouragements and fondling. This culminated in two rousing orgasms, which turned out to be the last ones of the morning for us, although my wife had another blasting orgasm courtesy of Angela wanking her to a frazzle with the vibrator "Because I don't want you to go without; besides which, why the fuck not?"

After going downstairs, we all had a cup of coffee, kissed each other goodbye, with lots of reassuring each other that it had been a wonderful experience, with hopefully more to follow, all people being willing.

Later that night as my wife and I talked in bed about the previous night's escapade, we couldn't help but start caressing each other as we spoke, being extremely turned on by reliving the events. This culminated in another at first slow fuck, then turned hyper, with two screaming orgasms being the end result, this being the normal consequence of us reliving our various encounters.

We took Angela to bed with us on two further occasions, with similar ecstatic results. During one of these occasions, we discovered that Angela loved being fucked up the arse; and who am I to deny pleasure to a lady? That however is another story.

Angela not long after took up with a new man, and as no further approaches came from Angela afterwards, we thought it better not to take things forward in case her new relationship wasn't up to it. We still stayed the best of friends though, and spent many a marvellous evening down the pub in her, or their company until Angela and he eventually got married and moved house, to accommodate his new job in another country. 

My wife and I have fabulous memories of Angela, that era being another part of the rich tapestry which has been our sex life.