 This is a true story of my first threesome, which occurred whilst working as an escort.

Having been escorting for nearly five months now, I'd already had encounters with all sorts of guys: young, old, tall, short, fat, thin. There was much more of a variety of the type of client than you'd expect. But so far in amongst that variety one thing had always remained in common, they'd all been one on one encounters. Until now at least.

I received a phone call on this particular working day from a guy named Dave (your standard fake punter name!) He was asking about my availability today for a booking, all very standard stuff, before dropping in something not so standard. 

"Me and my mate were wondering if you offer threesomes." He asked in his deep manly, but slightly posh, voice. I was caught by surprise, I hadn't really thought about whether I'd do threesomes or not. I was still getting used to the experience one on one, let alone group sessions! But not wanting to turn away a client, I just went with it. "Sure." I replied more confidently than I actually was. And so we finished up booking arrangements for later that day.

As the time crept closer I began my, now routine, preparation. Showering, shaving, hair and make up, and then finally, attempt to find something that makes my BBW body look as appealing as possible. At first when escorting I would always attempt to cover my stomach with my outfit due to my insecurities about my appearance, but considering the amount of guys willing to pay to fuck me, I had actually began to feel a bit better about my body. So instead of covering up I went with a basic revealing lingerie set, silky red frenchies and 36E assets squeezed into a bra that was a bit too small for them, leaving them spilling over the top. 

Not long later, the doorbell rang and I went downstairs to see who was on the other side. I often would wonder what the guys would look like beforehand, but eventually I stopped doing that. Faces often didn't match voices, which could sometimes be a bit of a disappointment. So with a robe covering my sexy lingerie, I answered the door, and was greeted by an incredible surprise. 

In walked two gigantic gorgeous men. Both incredibly handsome, both well over six foot tall and both with heavily tattooed muscular arms bursting out of their tight t shirts.

"You alright?" One of them asked, as I stood there gawping like a love struck puppy. 

"Yeah, sorry." I laughed, surely blushing red. And gestured for us to head upstairs to the bedroom.

Upstairs they both introduced themselves. I recognised Dave by his voice downstairs, and the other guy's name was Rick, his giant hand enveloping mine as he told me. Money was passed over, enough for an hour booking for each of them, and then it was onto the bed.

Onto the edge of the bed at least. As I often did when feeling a bit nervous, I plonked my large behind on the bed and hoped they'd get things started for me. 

"You nervous?" Rick quipped, as he sat beside me, Dave sitting on the other side.

"No," I instinctively lied. I was extremely nervous. I'd never even had a threesome in my personal life, let alone escorting. Before my nerves and insecurities could take over though, I felt Dave's hand on my leg.

"Don't worry, we won't bite." He said, his hand moving further up my thigh. "Unless you want us too," he added. Then kissed me.

As soon as Dave made his move, so did Rick. He pulled my robe off then began kissing down my neck, to my chest, then nuzzling at my left nipple peeking out over the top of my bra. As he began undoing my bra, while I was still kissing Dave, my hands moved between their legs, gripping each of their cocks firmly over their trousers.

Bra now off, both men's attention was immediately on my large breasts. Rick went in first, giant hands grabbing them hard, stuffing my nipples in his mouth. Within moments Dave wanted a go on them too, grabbing my right breast from Rick like a territorial silver back. He began squeezing it gently, kissing my nipple and moving onto sucking it. Soon enough I had a man sucking each breast, as I moaned in ecstasy. 

Sometimes in this job, you just have to accept you won't be attracted to a client at all and will just have to "go through the motions" so to speak. But this wasn't one of those times. I was getting so horny, I wanted both of these men, badly.

As they both continued ravaging my breasts, I abruptly interrupted.

"Get your cocks out," I said, unusually self assured. Exchanging a smirk, they did as I said as I slid onto my knees in front of them, waiting to see what was in their pants.

Once again, they didn't disappoint. Rick was first, revealing his impressive penis eagerly. At least seven inches long and neatly trimmed, thick and chunky with large compact balls. Lovely. Dave's cock was arguably even better though. Closer to eight inches, completely shaved with equally large hanging balls. An incredible duo. 

I didn't know whose I wanted first, so I took both. Wrapping my hands around their equally large uncut cocks, I slowly began wanking them, feeling their foreskins glide back and forth, their girth tensing in my hand as they both let out soft moans. 

It didn't just feel good to them, it also felt good for me. In fact it felt amazing, working these two cocks at once attached to these hunky guys. I couldn't hold back anymore, I had to start sucking. Dave was first, I gripped his cock hard and shoved it into my mouth excitedly, but after what felt like only a few seconds I switched over and began sucking Rick, then back again. I was like a kid in an extremely adult candy shop; sucking both back and forth, licking and kissing up their shafts, gratefully gobbling their balls into my mouth.

As I was sucking Dave, slurping up and down his meaty pole, Rick stood up and took his top off, revealing more tattoos across his muscular chest. Suddenly he grabbed me from behind and pushed me onto the bed. Being a bigger girl I wasn't used to being manhandled like that, it felt great. Dave took his top off too, he was equally ripped underneath, and joined me on the bed. He spread my legs, pulled my knickers down, and started eating my smooth shaved pussy.

I gasped with pleasure and began moaning loudly. It didn't last long though as Rick shoved his cock in my mouth, shutting me up. As he started roughly fucking my mouth, his balls smacking me in the face as my pussy was being eaten to perfection, I felt the pleasure inside me rising. Wrapping my legs tight around Dave's head, Rick's cock stifling my screams, I orgasmed powerfully, my body trembling. 

My orgasm just spurred them on more. Dave asked where the condoms were, I removed Rick's penis from my mouth just long enough to tell him in the drawer. Condom on, he spread my legs and entered me. 

Still feeling the effects of the orgasm, I felt lifeless, I was just laying there while they used me as their personal fuck toy. And they loved it. Rick mounted my head and started pounding even harder, my entire throat filled with cock. Dave was fucking me hard the other end, my chubby legs on his shoulders, his dangling balls spanking my arse as he thrusted.

It was too much for me, it was too intense, I orgasmed again. Upon feeling my body tense again, it was time for them to cum too. Dave pulled his cock out of me, yanked his condom off, and began wanking it fast over my chest. Upon seeing his friend about to unload all over me, Rick began to thrust himself more purposefully, the tip of his penis pressing against the inside of my cheek, almost as if they were racing to see who could mark their territory first.

Dave won the race. But only just. His big load began spraying everywhere all over my chest, sticky and watery. Seconds later Rick filled my mouth with a load of his own, thick and gloopy, like a salty yoghurt. I swallowed the lot. 

Energy expended, both guys slumped besides my worn out body. We exchanged looks and nervous laughs then huddled up close on a bed not big enough to support the three of us. I glanced at the clock to see how we were time wise, 49 minutes. Not bad. Usually guys didn't use up all their time but we were actually pretty close. However these guys booked an hour, and they were going to use every second.

Thinking we would be stopping now, I was surprised when Dave began kissing me. Gentle at first, but soon more passionately, his tongue probing my mouth. I wondered if he'd care about the fact I'd just had cum in my mouth minutes earlier, he didn't seem to. He didn't seem to care about his own either, as he pulled my chest into him, his stirring cock growing against my leg.

I was so into the make out session, I hadn't noticed Rick get up. Unbeknownst to me he'd slipped on a condom. Getting back on the bed, he groped my fat arse, prized my cheeks apart and entered my pussy from behind, leaving me sandwiched between them.

It felt so good. Fucked from behind while kissing in front, both of their hands exploring me. Although Rick then slowed down after exchanging a knowing look with Dave over my shoulder. 

"Can we DP you?" Dave asked, my breasts still cupped in his hands.

"What's that?" I asked. Rather embarrassingly for a sex worker, I didn't actually know what that meant. They both laughed.

"We'll show you", he grinned. I was about to find out.

We repositioned with me on top of Rick, his cock inside my pussy and my sticky cum stained breasts in his face. I still wasn't sure what we were doing but soon had an idea as Rick pressed himself up behind me, and began teasing my arsehole with his finger, before probing inside. I'd never really been a fan of anal sex, but these men had me too turned on. I was ready to do whatever they wanted me to. He took his finger out, and then eased his cock in.

The feeling was incredible. These two behemoths of men penetrating me simultaneously. I slowly began to rock, trying to work each cock at the same time. It was difficult to get the rhythm right at first, but once we got it, all three of us were in heaven.

We went slow and gentle for a good while, all of us moaning, their hands all over me, my pussy and arsehole tightening over them. But they wanted to fuck me harder. Dave began picking up the pace from behind, leading to Rick to begin thrusting harder from beneath. Soon enough they were fucking me as hard as they could. I no longer needed to rock my hips as they were just drilling me as hard as possible, leaving me impaled on their big dicks howling like a banshee.

The more I screamed, the harder they got. Rick biting and slapping my breasts as they bounced and flopped around uncontrollably. Dave spanking my arse, pulling my hair back. I was completely at their mercy. 

"I'm gonna cum!" I screamed. And that was the catalyst for all of us to orgasm once more. Rick, gripping my hip with one hand and my breast with the other, gave two final thrusts then pushed himself deep inside me and unloaded. Those thrusts were enough to send me over the edge, and I too orgasmed, screaming and grabbing onto his rock hard tattooed arms to hold myself up. Dave was last, reaching around from behind, grabbing my tits so hard with his massive hands I yelped, then cumming deep in my arse.

We stayed like that for awhile. All of us exhausted, panting and sweating, their cum filled condoms warming me inside. 

"Oops" Dave said, as he pulled out of me, nodding towards the clock. We'd ran over by half an hour!

"Do we have to pay extra?" Rick asked, still inside me but looking a little nervous. I looked at them both, smirked and shook my head. 

Up until that point it had been rare for me to actually enjoy a booking, so I never thought I'd absolutely love one. But I'd loved this. It was incredible, up there with some of the best sex I've ever had. So I think letting them off the extra charge could be my way of saying thanks!

Shortly after we all got dressed, said our goodbyes, and parted ways. I never saw either of them again, at least not as clients.

About a year later I saw "Dave" working at the bank with the name tag Gregory on. Our interaction was brief but neither of us let on we knew each other, no one in that bank had any idea about the things we'd got up to.

A couple years after that I would see Rick in the park, struggling to control two out of control children who I presume were his. A much less fun trio playtime for him from now on then.

So that was the end of that. An incredible threesome that was my first, but definitely wouldn't be my last.