 Rob took the ball gag and said, "If you enjoyed that, wait for the kinky stuff to begin..."

I must have looked a cross between confused and despairing as Clare made a face you make to a puppy that's heard the door bell for the first time. "Awww, look at his face. He hasn't got a clue what's going on." 

She spoke to me in a cutey-pie voice, "There, there little boy. It'll be ok. You just let the big kids play and we'll show you how to play as we go along." Followed by almost maniacal laughing.

I was trying to play it cool, but I was starting to panic. They'd already shown a blatant disregard for any limits I had. They'd also proved that they knew their way around ropes!

Clare took the ball gag from Rob's hand and straddled me. She held the gag up to my face and spoke softly, "Don't worry. We'll tell you what's going to happen before we do anything else. It's all just some fun and we'll all have a good laugh about it over breakfast."

I felt myself ease a little and in response to Clare's gesture, I opened my mouth for the ball-gag. Clare looked at me again and asked me the way you ask someone if they want a cup of tea, "You wanna see me finger my arse with the juice from my pussy?"

I made a gurgling sound as I nodded and I'm sure she could see a smile on my face around the gag.

She turned around and positioned herself on all-fours with her juicy pussy and arse just inches from my face. She reached under her wet pussy and rubbed it until her hand was covered in her thick juices. Then she put her hand over the top of her arse and smeared the juice all over her tight asshole. Just a few strokes and she was starting to slip a finger into it. First her middle finger then two. They were going deeper with each stroke. 

She lowered her mouth onto my flaccid cock and put it in her mouth. She didn't suck it, but took the weight of her head so she could reach her pussy with her free hand. Within seconds she had three fingers in her pussy and the same three fingers from the other hand in her arse and she was moaning onto my cock which had miraculously began to respond. As he must have felt it getting hard, she looked up at Rob. I'd almost forgotten he was there. I heard her playfully ask, "Ooh honey, he's waking back up. What about you?"

"You know I can't resist the sight if you fingering that cute little arse!" he answered. 

Clare looked back at me, "You want to see him fuck my arsehole with his cock?"

Again, all I could manage was a stifled moan and a nod. 

Rob got up on the bed and without Clare moving at all, save for pulling her fingers out of her now slightly gaping arse, positioned himself over my head and buried his big cock all the way into Clare's waiting hole. She gasped and moaned at the same time. He pulled out slowly and began rhythmically fucking her. Her mouth went back to my cock, but this time her moaning was a constant.

This got my cock as hard as if I hadn't cum. I didn't think it was possible. Clare was trying to talk to me through heavy moaning, "You said... ...you liked anal... ...do you want... ...some of this tight.... ...arse on your cock...?"

I didn't really say anything this time, just a knowing look of approval and some nodding.

As if in response to the fact that his 'turn' was over, Rob pounded a few hard strokes into her and pulled out. Her arse gaped briefly before pulling closed. Clare crawled down the bed and turned over. She was facing me as she guided my cock into her arse. I was expecting it to be less tight after the pounding Rob had given it, but it was like a vice on my cock. 

She pushed all the way down until I was filling her to the hilt. "Does that feel as good for you as it does for me?". I could only nod as her as pulsated around the base of my cock. Clare reached down and rubbed her clit. I could hear how wet she was. She kept eye contact with me as lifted her now soaking hand and tasted her own juices. 

She began a slow grinding on my cock. Not up and down, but a circular motion. Rob had gone from the bed and manoeuvred himself behind Clare. He grabbed her by the hair and forced her face towards mine. I couldn't tell what was going on, but realised when Clare's ass seemed to get incredibly tight and her face showed the strain of Rob's cock forcing it's way into her ass with mine.

He's gently asked her, "are you ok, baby?" and she nodded vaguely. He began to slowly stroke his cock in and out of her ass. I could feel it sliding along my shaft as well. The rhythmic movement felt amazing. Clare leaned into my neck as Rob's stroke became harder and she was biting my shoulder as he got to a pounding level.

Clare was rubbing her pussy again an and her moaning was getting louder. She started to buck and I could feel Rob's cock come out as Clare's body lost control under the wave of orgasm. She lifted her body off of my cock and then put her full weight on me. I could hear her whispering into my ear, "So you like anal?". She lifted her head to look at me and I tried to smile around the ball-gag as I nodded. 

She smiled back and leaned back in to keep whispering, "I remember you telling be you had a girlfriend that stuck her finger in your arse. I also remember you saying you didn't mind it. Naughty boy! You want me to suck my ass juice off your cock while I finger you bum?"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I had enjoyed it when I'd done it before. I'd even secretly bought a butt-plug for some personal time, but I don't remember telling Clare about it. That office flirting must have drifted a few times when I wasn't paying attention. 

My gaze was enough for Clare. "Don't worry, I'll take that as a 'yes'." She slid her bod heavily down mine. She must have still been feeling the effects of her orgasm. She got down as far as my cock and looked at Rob. "Honey, pass me some lube." He didn't bat an eyelid as he lifted a bottle of lube from the dressing table and poured some onto Clare's waiting hand. It felt warm as she smeared it all over my ass. 

Clare didn't even look at Rob as she said, "Honey, could you just lift his legs for me?"

They were still tied in the knots from when I'd first lay down. Again, Rob did as he was told without any lack of composure. He reached under the bed and (what sounded like) unclipped the ropes holding my ankles and clipped the two ends to either end of what looked like a broom handle. Then he reached up with the long bar that was holding my legs apart and took my legs up with them to clip the bar to piece of rope he was attaching to a hook on the ceiling I hadn't even noticed before.

I was now laying on my back with my hands tied and my legs in the air, spread wide. Clare almost whooped as she exclaimed, "Oh yes! That's much easier!" 

She set herself about smearing the lube over my asshole and leaned down to lick my cock. It felt so good having her hot mouth on my cock as her finger slowly got deeper and deeper in my bum. I couldn't tell, but she looked up at me and joyfully announced that her finger was all the way in, "I'm gonna try two!"

She pushed in a second finger and I was surprised to find that instead of hurting or being uncomfortable, it just increased the intensity of my pleasure. Maybe I'd been using my own butt-plug more than I thought.

I could hear Clare moaning again and I realised I closed my eyes. I looked at Clare and I could see that Rob had again found a nice spot behind her. He was slowly grinding his way in and out of her. I couldn't tell which hole he was in, but from Clare's moaning, I suspected it was in her arse. Her thrusting was getting harder in my ass, but the feeling just got better as she did. I was moaning when she looked up at me, took my cock out of her mouth and panted, "that's three fingers! You dirty boy. Maybe a little dildo would be better. It's probably not even as big as three fingers. Let's try!"

I was in no position to protest. Literally! Without even stopping, Rob leaned behind himself to the dressing table drawer, open it and pulled out a long jelly dildo. It wasn't very thick, but it was clearly a double dildo. Clare quickly reassured me, "don't worry, I won't put it all in."

She smeared more lube over it from my ass and with no hesitation, it was in me. Clare was fucking my ass with a dildo and it felt like heaven. She wasn't even sucking my cock and it still felt like heaven. I was moaning heavily when I heard her say, "Oh my god, you've taken eight inches, you slut!"

I couldn't believe it, but I could feel the long strokes of the dildo in and out of my asshole and then she pulled it out, pushed Rob away from her, stood up and announced, "I have an idea!"

Rob looked confused when she stood on tip-toes and whispered in his ear. A big grin appeared on his face. I felt a wave of anxiety. These two had pre-planned a lot this evening and now it was even going off reservation for them.

Clare went back into the drawer the dildo had come from and brought out a blindfold. She brought it up to me and sat on the bed next to me. "You want to let your senses take over. By removing your sight with a blindfold, your sense of feeling will send you into orbit! Trust me." I didn't. She put the blindfold over my eyes and I found myself lifting my head for the strap to go behind. Every fibre of common sense I had was telling me to protest, but my body was screaming for me to 'just go with it'.

Clare mover back around and I was trying to perceive what was happening when I could feel Clare licking at my cock. It was confirmed when I heard her ask, "isn't that better?"

I moaned an affirmative noise and she greedily gave me a sloppy blowjob. I felt her hand around my arse and her fingers probing my hole.

I couldn't hear Rob, but I could feel the weight of the bed shifting with one of them moving on it. Clare stopped sucking my cock and I could feel one of them positioned near my exposed arse. "If you liked the dildo..." Clare said. A few seconds passed as I felt rubbing around my asshole before I realised what was happening. Rob was starting to push his big cock into me. I'd seen it up close as it had done it's best to destroy Clare's ass. I wanted to stop them, but I was trussed up like a turkey, blindfolded and fighting an overwhelming sense of enjoyment. My body was in heaven as my psyche was trying to revolt from the whole situation. His cock was wider than the dildo and he was starting to get into a rhythm when Clare spoke, "Just relax. You know it feels good. Let me suck your cock while he fucks you and I bet it'll feel so good, you'll cum in no time!"

And she did. She was sucking my cock with great enthusiasm when I felt it. The first pangs of an impending orgasm. The confusion in my head was like maelstrom of right, wrong, gay, straight, taboo and pleasure. I was going to cum with a man's cock in my ass. And I was going to enjoy it. Whether I liked it or not.

Rob's cock was now moving so hard and fast I could feel his balls slap and he went in to the hilt with every stroke. Clare had increased her speed too. It was coming. I could feel my body start to buck as I moaned and when they both heard it, they both moved up a gear. Rob was moaning as he fucked my wanton asshole. Clare was moaning on my cock. No doubt rubbing her pussy furiously.

My body bucked hard and I disappeared into myself in that moment as I had the best orgasm of my life. My ass and cock were both epicentres for the orgasm that hit and Clare clamped her mouth around my cock and I shot my second load of the evening.

As my perception of my surroundings refocussed, I felt Rob slide slowly out of my ass. 

Clare was feeling around the back of my head to take off the ball gag. As it left my mouth, I wanted to pant heavily, but I could feel her there trying to kiss me. I opened my mouth and her tongue invaded my mouth along with a mouthful of my own cum. I didn't know what to do. She kept our mouths locked for a moment longer before she lifted her head and I could feel my cum running down the side of my face.

There was a silence that followed. Clare spoke first to Rob, "You came? In his ass? Oh baby! That's a first." and then to me, "I bet you've never had cum in your ass before, huh?!"

I hadn't even realised. In my own excitement, Rob's fortune had been a sideshow I wasn't even aware of. I felt some movement and Rob was unhooking my legs. Clare had moved up to help untie my wrists. As she did, I pulled the blindfold off. It took a second for my eyes to adjust. The two of them were grinning.

I finally had a chance to speak, "You two are out of your fucking minds!" 

My words betrayed by my inability to keep a smile from my face.

Clare was the first to respond. "There's a moral to this story. Don't say 'no' when it might be better to say 'yes'."

Rob laughed, "What sort of philosophical bullshit is that?"

"Dunno. Just made it up." Clare looked at me and said, "Towels are in there on shelf" and pointed to the en suite door. 

She looked at Rob, "Cup of tea?" and smiled.

Rob simply replied, "ok."

I showered and tried to gather my thoughts. When I'd dried myself off and got dressed, I went downstairs and found the two of them in the kitchen. My tea on the worktop.

"We've ordered you a taxi. Should be here in a ten minutes." From Rob.

In ten minutes the taxi came and they wished me goodnight as if I'd popped round for a cuppa. Clare gave me a wink and I got in the cab.

That was my first threesome.