 I think I fell asleep for a few minutes in sweet content sandwiched between Dom and Best Friend out of sheer exhaustion. They had taken me further sexually than anyone else had before. From a romp in the backseats of cars to having sex any and everywhere I could find places to do the deed. I found most of my sexual experiences to be uneventful and a debacle I kept repeating over and over again. 

When the irresistible forces of nature brought my first true love into my life, it was a colossal mistake I made. Although, I learned so much from him, one being; that falling that deep in love with someone is detrimental not only to my heart but to my mind as well. The second thing he taught me was; there is a very thin line between love and hate. Thirdly, he taught me; hate is not the opposite of love. Apathy is. And last but not least, never hand my heart over to someone else again. Having another broken heart is not worth the risk.

Eventually, I learned to enjoy sex and all the wonderful pleasures and pains it can bring. That is also, thanks to Irresistible Forces of Nature, sex can be wild and passionate when two people love each other as much as we did each other. Sadly and expectedly, things didn't work out with him either. Another disaster I learned to survive. 

I can look back and see how far I had come. After that and another failed relationship with another married man, I just kept my perverted sexual desires buried deep inside. Until I met my Dom and he opened me up to things I never thought I would never get to experience. For example, allowing me to have my first threesome. 

Another thing he opened me up to was being fucked in the ass. I never thought I would like, much less love how he fucks me in the ass. That had always held a nasty and disgusting factor for me. Until Dom showed me the pleasure he could create for me. Many times over he did just that. I had always thought cumming out of the ass was a myth. Dom proved me wrong over and over again. It was a damn fact cum does squirt out the "backdoor" just as well as it could shoot out of the "front door".

When we began the Dom/Sub "thing", I made it clear he would be the only man who would have access to my asshole. I would never allow another man to tap my tightest orifice, even after he finally decided to release me from under his control. 

I still remember the first time, I turned my ass up to him and he finger fucked my rear end. It happened on the first night I had driven five hours to meet him for the first time. It was dark in the house and he didn't turn on any lights. He grabbed me by my hands and pinned me up against the wall with one of his hands. He kissed me hard on my mouth. I opened up my mouth to his invading tongue and matched his forceful kisses with my own tongue. His other hand slid down my body and went right under my shirt to my tits. He squeezed and tugged on my hardened nipples once he pushed my bra out of the way. I was moaning and groaning while trying to free myself from his strong hands, so I could turn the tables on him, so to speak. He tried holding me back, but it wasn't long before he relented and let go of my hands. 

I was able to pin him against the wall. I rubbed up against his hard cock like a cat who rubs up against his owner's legs when they want something. He was so hard when I took him in my hand and massaged him through his shorts. I was so hot and wet before he slid my shorts off my legs and began to finger fuck my pussy. It took me no time at all for me to saturate two of his fingers with the sweet juices from my snatch. I inhaled deeply and could smell the mixture of hot sex and cum from my orgasm. This only made me wetter and hotter. It is such an erotic scent that usually makes me even hornier. 

I was so hot I felt like I was burning from the inside out. I lost all control and gave it over to Dom. I turned around and got into the downward facing dog yoga position and gave him access to my asshole. He was gentle as his fingers entered the tightest hole in my entire body. Any preconceived notions of being disgusted by a finger or cock being in my tight asshole flew out the window. I couldn't stop my body from enjoying it. My body reacted in a way I had not expected it to. While he was manipulating his way into my stretched hole, I ground my ass against his hand. I wanted more. That's what he gave me until my hot cum was squirting out of me onto his finger. It was one of the most intense orgasms I have ever had. 

I wasn't able to stay on my feet and I slid down to the floor in complete and utter satisfaction. After taking a moment to recover from cumming so hard, I took his hardened dick in my mouth and began sucking and licking him from his balls up to the head of his manhood. When I heard his sharp intake of air I knew I was pleasing him. I loved having that much power in my hands. The chemistry between us was so damn hot, it's a wonder we didn't set the house on fire.

Being the good Dom he is; he had prepared me slowly for my first ass fucking. Slowly, he would ease one finger into my tight orifice and play with it until I came all over his big finger. I had never felt as scared and apprehensive as he stuck two fingers in my asshole. I was at his mercy for the orgasms that ripped through my body every time he ventured further into my ass. 

Eventually he worked me up to toys in my ass. A butt plug came first and I swore it looked like a baby pacifier. I remember Dom laughed at me and called me cute when he first began experimenting with all of the different things that can fit into my virgin hole. I had so many questions for him. Would anyone be able to tell I had one in my ass? "No," he replied laughing at my question. 

I was filled with fear and embarrassment when I asked him my next question. "Will there be shit on the toys and your cock once you finally tap it?" I was so glad I had asked him the question while talking on the phone and not in person. My face turned red and very hot from the sheer awkwardness of not knowing anything about being fucked up the ass. 

There was a tiny part of me that thought I was stupid for asking him such questions. I hoped and prayed Dom didn't think I was dim-witted for asking questions. I am a curious person by nature. I believe my natural inquisitiveness is what led me down this path with Dom. I love adventure and having fun. Life is not meant to live without fun or happiness in it.  

"Yes. It does wash off." I could hear the laughter in his voice when he answered me.

Fortunately, Dom remained patient and steadfast with me as we tried the toys. I was afraid each time we tried a new toy in my ass, but he kept me from panicking. I gave him the best gift I could give anyone, my trust. I trusted him with my body and my life. In order to be a sub, one has to give unlimited trust to your Dom. I have heard some Dom's can be really brutal and at times mine can be. For the most part, he understands and if there is something I am not comfortable with, he will not force me into doing something I don't care to do. 

Honestly, I always felt a little fear whenever I was assigned a new task or when Dom tried something new with me. Everything Dom did to me, I did enjoy. But I just didn't know about leaving something in my asshole and walking around with it in there for hours on end had me shaking like a leaf. In all honesty, I wondered how in the hell was I going to walk around with something stuck up my ass and not shit all over myself. Not only would I embarrass myself, I feared I would embarrass Dom. I would be mortified if I did such a thing.

I thank my lucky stars I have always been able to get wet naturally and more often than not, we use my own pussy juices to slide the toys and his ever so delicious cock into my tight orifice. All it takes is for Dom to look at me in a certain way and I can feel myself cream between my legs and begin to drip down my legs. Since he doesn't like or allows me to wear panties when we are together, it's extremely difficult to hold back the juices that flow out of my pussy so naturally for him. He never has to work hard for me to get wet or for me to cum. 

Before he slid the butt plug in my asshole, he made sure I was wetter than usual by eating out my pussy and finger fucking my pussy and ass. Once he was satisfied with my own slick and sweet goodness, he massaged my asshole and stretched it so the butt plug would slide in real nice and easy.

"This may hurt a little," He explained to me when he slid the tip of the plug into my waiting and throbbing hole. 

At first, I felt no pain. The more he slid the gadget into me, the wider it got. I felt a hot searing pain in my rectal muscles as inch by agonizing inch was thrust inside me. I remember screaming out in pain. Because the pain was almost too much too bear, my stomach cramped so bad I just knew I was going to shit on myself. I didn't though. Dom was patient with me as he made me stand up and walk. I grabbed my stomach and clenched my rectal muscles as tight as I could. 

I walked around my bedroom to get used to it being in there. Then I had to make a trip down fourteen steps that led from my bedroom to my living room downstairs. I cramped up and had to stop every few steps to catch my breath and to remember to use my ass muscles to hold onto the plug tightly. As I walked around and got used to it being there, I was fine. The pain began to subside and my Dom took me by the hand, threw me down on the couch into a sitting position, and began to eat and finger fuck my pussy until I came all over his face. 

Satisfied once again that I was wet enough, he began to slide the butt plug in and out of my virgin hole. I am still unsure if I moaned out in ecstasy or pain, but the orgasm he gave me ripped my body to shreds. I felt as if I was coming undone at the seams. Before I knew what was happening, I was almost demanding Dom to take the device out of me and replace it with his hardened cock. I wasn't supposed to demand Dom to do anything. That was his job. 

Yet, I had caught a glimpse of raw hunger in his eyes. I knew he wanted to be buried deep inside me just like the butt plug was. Except he would go deeper because he is considerably more endowed than the plug and some men I had been with prior to him. I had to beg him of course to fuck me in the ass. 

I do remember my exact words, "Fuck me in the ass now, damnit." I begged over and over again. "I want to feel the heat from your cum in my ass. I need to feel it. Please. Oh please Master, take my ass." I begged. 

Dom always loves it when I beg for him to do naughty things to me. I was way beyond desperate to have him fill me.

Dom was so pleased at my begging he pulled the butt plug out of me. The smell of a little bit of my shit and a whole lot of my deliciously sweet cum surrounded me as Dom slid his rigid cock into my ass. More pain scorched my stretching asshole and I yelled out. I just knew I was going to shit all over the place. To my surprise, I didn't shit. Instead, I ignored the pain and let the pure simple pleasure of Dom filling my ass completely. 

Dom moved slowly until I began to demand more and harder. The pain mixed with pleasure made me lose any control I had left. I loved hearing Dom grunting as he pushed himself further and further into my ass. I could hear his balls smacking my ass cheeks harder and faster. My own heart was pounding so hard, I could hear it in my ears. I knew my orgasm would be just as intense as his, but I was more concerned with his pleasure than with my own. That's the way it's supposed to be. It is my job in life to please Dom. 

 I knew it wouldn't be long before he would explode inside my ass. It was the most erotic feeling I have ever felt in my life when we exploded together. I went right over the edge with Dom as soon as the first hot jets of cum shot out of his dick and hit areas of my body I didn't even know existed. I heard him moan as his hips kept on pumping my rear end harder and harder. I don't believe I have ever heard him cum as hard as every ounce of his own personal juices pumped into my spasming asshole. I didn't know that anyone could say so many cuss words. 

Still attached to one another, we fell onto the bed as the last bits of our hot and sticky cum leaked out of my ass.  Out of breath and freshly fucked, we laid there and caught our breath, exhausted, and sated. A few moments later, Dom pulled out of me and went to get a wash rag to clean us both up. I was so sore, it hurt to move. I didn't know how in the hell he was managing to move around so well. Dom could tell I was sleepy, so he placed me on my back and allowed me to get some sleep. He pulled the covers up to my neck and fell into a deep and satisfying sleep. 

That was just my first experience with Dom fucking my ass. Although, he was gentle that first time and several more times after that. He usually took my ass rough and hard. Especially in the shower, if I had to bend down for something. Somehow, I managed to learn to take it like a woman. Most times I would cry at his invasion. I digress, every time I found his hard cock rimming the outer part of my asshole, demanding entrance into my tight hole and I was not expecting it, I often found myself crying and screaming. There was always a part of me that wanted to scream out in pain. However, I only did that once. Other times, I would grab the pillow and scream out my horrific pain into the cotton material.

Today is the first time; we are allowing another man to watch as Dom shows off for his Best Friend how much of an ass slut his girlfriend is. 

I have to admit that is how I became a nasty ass slut. I also have to admit, I enjoy being his nasty, little ass slut. Sometimes, I think I like it a little too much. 

I often find myself wondering if I have become addicted to sex or the man. Either way, both possibilities scare the living shit out of me. Pardon the pun. I am scared of giving him my heart. I know if I do, I will be the one with the heartache. I will have to survive the debacle called love all on my own once again. So, every time I begin to feel myself getting close Dom, I check myself and pull slightly away from him. 

Knowing my mind so well, he always knows when something is wrong and doesn't take no for an answer when he asks me what is wrong. And there is no lying to him. He can always tell when something is bothering me and is relentless in getting whatever is bothering me out of me. Sometimes, I hate that feeling of not having any control. Not even my own feelings and emotions.



Something keeps coming back to him. I don't know the reason. God knows, I have tried to reason it out in my head. So far, I haven't found any reasons of why I am so addicted to him. It could be lust. It could be love. Either way, I've never known anything so powerful and filled with so much chemistry. Quite honestly, I am scared to death of losing pieces of myself to this one man who has opened up a whole new world to me. A world, I have only imagined in a mind so perverted and unyielding, it is all I can think about. That and ways to please my Dom. 

Not to pat myself on the back, I believe I do a pretty job of pleasing him. I haven't heard him voice any complaints yet. My greatest fear is that one day I will wake up and he won't be there any longer and I will have been kicked to the proverbial curb. I don't want to be kicked to the curb. Because no matter how hard I try keeping love and sex separate, they do tend to collide just like a bitter cold front from the north and stormy, cold rain from the south and produce a blizzard of snow. Except in my case, it creates a myriad of emotions that keep me torn up and twisted most of the time. Just like a storm, afterwards I know I am going to be the one to pick myself up from all of the destruction all on my own. 

For now, I will not allow myself to dwell on it any longer. I will accept our "relationship" for what it is. It is what it is and I swear to myself I will take it one day at a time. I am determined to keep having fun and keep Dom interested in coming back to me. If I fail, I know I am stubborn enough to handle it on my own. Or at least, I think I am. No one knows just how stubborn I am and just exactly how much I have had to endure in my life. Or how much I can still take. Thanks to circumstances out of my control, I have learned to be stubborn and to handle a plethora of emotions and feelings I can take. I suspect I don't even know how much I can take, myself. Hopefully, I won't have to find out. 

I am going to keep rolling with the flow for as long as it lasts. I will no longer worry about what tomorrow will bring. I suspect Dom may be at war with himself over the same thoughts and worries as I do. He won't say anything to me about his feelings. He holds them close to his chest. I should hold my feelings and emotions in, just as Dom does.  But, I'm not built that way. Unfortunately, I tend to wear my heart on my sleeve. Good or bad, I am who I am. 

I awake from my light slumber and I know what to expect what is about to come next. Best Friend is going to watch me become an intoxicating ass slut for Dom. I can see the anticipation in both men's eyes. I find my body growing in immense anticipation. I can't wait to please both men. 

I smile sheepishly at both men out of shyness and expectation. It's time to get this party started once again.