 I'd been flirting with Clare for a while in work. I always thought she would be one of the girls that would play around in work, but never actually go through with anything. It was a slow day in work and as usual the subject came round to sex. We were having a cheeky conversation about fetishes and she was telling me about how she'd had the threesome with her husband and another guy. Making sex faces while saying she loved getting it in both holes at the same time. I wasn't sure if she was lying or just brazen. I joked that I wish we hadn't worked together and then maybe I could have got some of that action. She agreed and said it was a shame.

Two weeks later, we were on a works do and after the fourth pub people were starting to show the signs of being a little worse for wear. All of a sudden two of the girls started fighting. It was all over very quickly, but it had destroyed the atmosphere and most of the people out either wanted to go their separate ways or go home. 

Clare turned to me and said, "you're not going, are you?"

I was having a good time and fancied a few more drinks so I said, "you're not getting rid of me that easy!" 

I went to the bar and got a couple more drinks with tequila chasers. When I got back with the drinks Clare was saying about the astronomical cost of drinks. It was pricey, but nothing too bad and I pointed out that she was making a fuss over nothing when she hit me with, "let's finish these and go back to mine. I've got a fridge full of stuff to drink and it'd already paid for."

I could see she had a mischievous look on her face and didn't know where she was going with it. 

I was up front and asked the question, "Why? If you're thinking what I think you are, this probably isn't a good idea".

She looked all scorned and scowled at me, "get over yourself! I'm offering you a free drink, you idiot!" 

I felt like a total asshole. I apologised and she instantly brightened and told me it didn't matter, but the drink was still on offer. I didn't really have choice. I felt so guilty. 

We finished the drinks and went to get a taxi. In the back of the taxi, I was half expecting her to succumb to a bit of drunken flirting, but she stayed on her side of the cab and it looked like I had actually got the wrong idea.

We got back to hers and Rob opened the door before we got to it. I'd met him a few times before. "you're back early? Did she get drunk and need you to chaperone her to the door?"

Clare snapped at him playfully, "No! Not this time, ha!" 

We told him what happened and he fetched three beers from the fridge. Clare said she was going to take off her heels and swap the jeans that were too tight for her and me and Rob got to talking about the football.

Two minutes later Clare came back into the room wearing a pair of thigh length PVC boots and a smile. I looked at Rob and he just laughed and said, "well I wasn't expecting that!" 

I couldn't really understand his reaction. He should have been angry or embarrassed or something other than that. He looked like he'd just turned over and a sex scene was on. A cheeky "oh my!"

I looked at Clare and pleaded, "what are you doing?"

She just smiled at me and got on her knees in front of Rob, unzipped his pants like I wasn't even there. She took out his cock which was surprisingly big and hard as rock. She turned to look at me with his cock in her hand and said, "Remember I told you I had that threesome? Well now is your chance to join in. You like anal, right?" and then turned back around and took the whole length of Rob's huge cock into her throat. She didn't stop. She didn't gag. She deep-throated him right there. Her ass looked fantastic as she was sliding her head up and down his fat cock. 

I made up my mind right then. I stood up to undo my jeans when she stopped and looked up at me with at mischievous smile, "oh, it's a good idea now , is it?" 

I gave her a wide nervous grin and shrugged my shoulders, "well if I'm here..."

She stood straight up and looked at Rob before she announced, "we'd better go upstairs then" and flounced out of the room and up the stairs. I looked at Rob for some reassurance that he was ok with all this. He could see the concern on my face and just smiled, "it's great when she's like this. She's every bit the dirty slut you'd want your wife to be. Come on." And with that he nodded for me to follow and went upstairs as well.

When we got up there, Clare had already positioned herself on the bed on her back with her booted legs spread and her heels digging into the bedclothes. 

As she used her index finger to call me over she quietly said, "come and taste how wet I am." 

Again, I looked at Rob for confirmation and he laughed as he was unbuttoning his shirt, "I'd get out of those things as well. You won't them again tonight." I must have looked incredulous as he said, "she's waiting!" I must have looked like a crazy person and stripped my clothes off. I flung them down on to the floor and crawled up to the beautiful pussy that was bared and waiting for me. I looked up to see if Clare was enjoying the enthusiastic attention I was putting into her pussy, but Rob was balls deep in her throat. I decided to give her juicy pussy lips a little bite. I could see her face contorting with surprise and she gave a little moan. At least she knew I was there.

Rob pulled his big cock out of her mouth and Clare gasped for breath before grabbing the sides of my head to pull me up to her. Then she gave me a big wet kiss. Her mouth was full of saliva from sucking Rob's massive member. She pulled away from my face and looked at me, "wanna try something kinky?"

"I was under the impression that this WAS the kinky bit!" I retorted.

Clare giggled and turned me onto my back. She reached behind me and pulled a piece of rope that was knotted into a noose and put it over my wrist. I looked at her half curious, half smiling as she reached the other side and did the same with my other wrist. She leaned forward to kiss me again and I didn't notice her hands reach under the pillow and she pulled a piece of rope that jerked my arms wide towards the top corners of the bed. Then she wriggled forward to push her pussy onto my face. 

I got the message instantly and started to lap at her soaking wet lips. She grabbed the back of my head and started to grind her pussy against my face. I felt her reach behind her for my cock and start to wank it. Her hand was wet from her pussy or mouth. It slide expertly up and down my cock, engulfing it. 

I looked up at Clare's face and she was grinning like a Cheshire Cat. I could see both her hands pulling my head into her pussy, but I could still feel the warm sloppy sensation on my cock. I immediately realised Rob was responsible. I started to struggle, but I could tell that Clare was intentionally gagging me with her wet pussy. I would have sworn that her pussy got wetter at my struggling. 

She spoke aloud to Rob, "I think he likes it, honey." 

She looked down at me, "you like blowjobs, don't you?" then laughed almost maniacally. I could feel his sucking getting harder and despite my fighting to get loose, my cock wasn't on board with my concerns and was rock hard. 

Rob got off my cock and I could feel him putting something around my ankles. At the same time, Clare got off my face and said, "That wasn't fair, was it. You didn't know he was going to do that. Let me suck it for you" and with that she turned around to squat over my face and 69 me. Her mouth was hot and wet. 

I started to relax a bit when she repositioned herself again. She manoeuvred her body so she was facing me and sucking my cock. Her face just bobbing up and down on my cock. Rob positioned himself at the bottom of the bed and Clare raised her ass up to meet his huge meat. He grabbed her hips and buried himself deep into her. 

Her mouth was all the way down to the bas of my cock and as his balls started to make a slapping sound against her pussy, she started to bite the base of my cock. Her tongue still sucking at the shaft. It was strangely hot and I liked the sensation of her teeth, almost acting like a cock-ring, forcing my cock to strain.

I looked at Rob and realised I hadn't mentioned his sucking my cock. It wasn't the time. Things had returned to a more predictable end of the spectrum. I quietly mouthed to him, "Harder!" and his thrusting became more frantic. He leaned forward and held Clare's head all the way down on my cock as he began to pound her. I could here her moaning and gagging and she increased the vice like grip on the base of my cock with her teeth. Rob suddenly pulled out and Clare lifted her head, gasping and choking on her own saliva. She crawled up on me and kissed me with her sticky, wet mouth. I could feel her sliding her wet pussy pussy up and down my shaft before she grabbed my cock to slide it into her. Her pussy felt like it was on fire. She leaned back started to ride my cock. 

She smiled at me and asked, "did you like the taste of my pussy?"

I nodded and smiled back. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Rob come from the side and he climbed onto the bed and straddled my chest. 

I started to protest, but I was tied too tight. "Stop, this isn't something I do. I'm no gay boy!" Rob laughed and inched his body closer to my face. 

I tried to turn my head, but couldn't get enough strength into it. Rob was pushing his hard cock into my mouth. I could taste Clare's pussy juice all over it. I tried to push it out with my tongue , but Rob had started putting his weight behind fucking my face. Rob was getting more and more of his cock into my mouth and I could hear him, "It doesn't make you gay. It just means you're taking part. We won't tell anyone, will we honey?"

Clare panted back to him, riding harder and harder on my cock "no, I won't tell anyone!"

Rob reinforced, "it's just us. And I sucked your cock first."

Something in me gave way. My inhibitions evaporated and I decided it was both useless to fight and too late anyway. I began to try and suck his cock. He instantly reacted, "that's it. Oh fuck yes, suck it!"

Clare reacted too. She got off my cock and told Rob, "Fuck me again. This time on his face."

She climbed up onto my face and put her hands on the wall above the bed. As her pussy got close enough, I began to flick my tongue at her clit. Rob repositioned himself behind her, but instead of putting his cock in her pussy, he put it back in my mouth. I didn't wait this time. I sucked it as hard as I could. He didn't wait long before he pulled it out and buried it deep into Clare. 

She gasped, "I want both of you to make me cum!"

Rob responded with his hips pounding out a rhythmical motion. His ball slapping against her pussy lips. I licked excitedly at her pussy and started to feel her pussy swell. I knew what that meant. 

She started to yelp as her orgasm approached. "Harder! Fucking make me cum!"

Rob started to slam into her and Clare began to scream. Her orgasm hit her like a steam train. She was bucking on my face in time to Rob's deep fucking. Over the sound of Clare, I heard Rob moaning heavily and realised he was cumming too. 

Their bucking in time began to slow. The noise died down. Clare's body began to relax and Rob slowly pulled his swollen cock out of Clare's pussy. As he did, Clare begged at me, "Eat my pussy, make me cum again!"

As Rob's cock finally left her pussy and I was just getting to sucking her clit again, Rob's thick white load dribbled all over my mouth and tongue. Anticipating my disgust, Clare pushed down on my face and said, "don't stop! It's my favourite bit."

I tried to ignore the salty taste of his cum and keep licking Clare's pussy when I felt Rob's mouth on my cock again. He was sucking hard and it resulted in my mouth working harder on Clare's juicy, used pussy. She began to grind and buck again. Her orgasm was building and so was mine. 

Rob was going to make me cum. 

As that thought washed over me, I felt the familiar tidal heave of the approach of my orgasm. Clare was starting to yell as her orgasm took over her. That spurred me to do the same. 

I felt the release of cum into Rob's mouth without guilt. I was sure he was far more in control of this situation than I was. He sucked greedily on my cock until I'd finished. 

Clare was panting heavily now as Rob stood and kissed her. I realised his mouth was full of my cum which was now running between her tits and down her belly. 

It was inevitable. 

My face was trapped between her thighs as my own cum ran onto my lips.

Clare retreated from my face and bent down to kiss me deeply. The kiss tasted of her pussy, as well both mine and Rob's cum.

She sat back up and gave a big sigh, "That was fun, huh?!"

I laughed nervously and said, "Well I've never done...  ...any of that before. Can you untie me now?" A big smile on my face.

Clare laughed, "No. we're nowhere near finished with you."

Rob turned and smiled at her as he bent over and retrieved a shiny red ball gag from the drawer.



TO BE CONTINUED...