 We had already been playing for a bit, teasing, mostly. Getting each other in the mood, tormenting Joe with the pleasure of watching Allison and I explore each others' bodies. 

Now he was as into it as we were, Allison's mouth had latched onto my nipple, my hand tangled in her hair as I cried out with the pleasure/pain as she sucked and bit my aching flesh. She moved to the other side just as I saw Joe come up behind her. I watched, my eyes filled with heat as his eyes met mine while his hands gripped her hips.

He smiled at me from behind her and I could tell he was teasing her, feeling her moans of frustration as they vibrated through my skin. Her fingers explored inside of me, the feeling washing over me like a gorgeous agony. The feel of her mouth on my breast, her fingers pressing deeper and deeper inside of me while I watched Joe let go of her hips, sliding his hands across her ass, squeezing the soft white fullness of them until she cried out and gasped against me. I smiled back at Joe and wrapped my hand tighter in her hair, pressing her back to suckle me some more. 

She groaned again, her fingers digging deeper still inside of me. I watched Joe's face and saw the moment he plunged deep into Allison. Her head came up, her fingers deep inside of me, her body thrust up against mine as his cock sank deep inside of her. We all held still for a moment in time, absorbing the feeling of being interconnected, all three of us.

I wrapped one of my legs around Allison's hip, pulling her body closer, my hand in her hair bringing her in for a kiss. "Fuck me" I whispered in her mouth.

He body thrust against mine again and again as Joe pumped into her. She worked her hand between my legs, pressing three, then four fingers inside of me. I felt like I was going break apart, the feeling of her hand pressing into me was too much and yet not enough. 

Joe was riding her so hard and she was practically grunting from the force, using each of his thrusts to push her fingers into me again and again. I felt like he was fucking us both at the same time, it was an incredible feeling. I wanted more of it. 

"More!" The words burst out of me, "Please!" the word following up on a gasp as Allison pulled her fingers away, her body being pulled back, Joe's hands wrapping around her, grabbing her by the breasts, pinching her nippled between his fingers and thumbs. 

"Turn over," Allison grabbed my legs, twisting them until I rolled over. She pulled me back, up on my knees so that my head was facing away from her, towards the opposite side of the bed. I heard her cry out again as Joe did something to her that I couldn't see. The sounds cascading over me as if the sensations were happening to me. I moaned and sank down with my head on my arms, my ass still high in the air, Allison and Joe behind me.

Hands on my thighs, sliding up with an agonizing slowness that I could barely stand. I whimpered without thinking, wanting, needing more. I could feel the wet practically dripping between my thighs and suddenly felt two pairs of hands on me. Rough fingers grabbed my thighs and spread them further apart. My knees spread on the bed a bit more, opening myself to their view even more.

I heard Joe's voice, sounding slightly ragged, "Give it a taste." just before I felt Allison's tongue start lapping right at my clit. I cried out, my hand clutching the blankets, the world standing still for a heartbeat, then two as I felt the impending orgasm flooding my body, all culminating at the apex where her tongue worked, flicked, sucked and tasted me. I felt my body start bucking as it hit me full force, Joe's hands gripping the front of my thighs as tongue worked its magic, her face practically buried in my sopping wet cunt. I screamed from the force of the orgasm, the extra hands on my body sending me to another level completely. 

I felt Allison step back and there was an emptiness that nearly made me cry out before I felt her fingers on me again. 

She was there, pressing three, four fingers deep inside of me again. I could feel the pressure of her knuckles as she pushed against me, her hands pressing against my bones, working, twisting her hand to go deeper. I moaned, my face buried in the blanket, my hands clutching the fabric bunched in my fists.

I felt hands in my hair, lifting my head until I saw Joe's cock in front of me. I smiled through the haze of pleasure. Here was the more I wanted. Allison's hand worked on me still, I craved more of her inside of me, but now all I could think of was tasting this cock in front of my face. I opened my mouth, using my tongue to lick the head, tasting Allison's juices that were still glistening on the tip.

I ran my tongue along the shaft, my eyes meeting Joe's for just as second before I focused all of my attention on his cock before me.

I took him into my mouth, running my tongue around between sucking and trying to take him deeper. His hands were both wrapped in my hair and I felt the intense pleasure of making him groan as he pressed slightly deeper into my mouth. I moaned, knowing that he would feel the vibrations through my mouth and relaxed my throat as I felt him hit the back of my mouth.

Allison slipped her fingers out of me, running her hand up and down my slit, getting it slick with the wetness that was practically pouring out of me by now. I felt her fingers sliding back into me as Joe pressed his cock hard against the back of my throat. The pressure on my cunt and my throat were increasing with slow, measured pulses, as if Joe and Allison were on the same wavelength.

Allison thrust up against me again, her entire hand slamming inside of me with so much pressure that I screamed from the intensity of it all. As my mouth came open for the scream, my throat opened up the rest of the way, Joe's cock sliding past the opening, deep into my throat. 

I didn't know which way to go, both ends of me filled to extremes. Allison's fist deep inside of me, fingers working, spreading, exploring the inside of me, making me feel like I was going to break her hand, I wanted to cum so badly at that moment. Joe's cock buried in my throat, making me want to swallow him even more.

His hand tensed in my hair as I felt his cock start to pulse. He thrust deep once, twice, and then groaned, almost freezing for a second before he pulled out, hot cum spraying across my face, my eyelids, my lips. I closed my eyes and felt the warmth cover me as my body still shuddered and pulsed around Allison's hand as she slowly slid out of me.

I fell back on the bed, exhausted. Allison straddles my spent and naked body, leaning over my face to lick up the cum, twirling it around on her tongue. I heard her making appreciative sounds, her hand reaching up to tweak my nipple as she started taking long lapping motions with her tongue on my face, licking and sucking until my skin was clean. She kissed me then, her tongue opening my lips until I, too, was tasting his cum as we kissed.

I was spent. Completely and utterly undone. I felt the bed sink down on either side as both Joe and Allison fell down beside me.