 Once I reached Sunita's house I kissed Sunita very tenderly she responded by putting her arms around me and hugging me back. When we broke our kiss Sunita excused her and went to the bathroom. Madhu was also partly dressed had her dressing robe on, with her hair coiled on her head prior to be combed. Her half visible body under her robe was giving me hots. The robe hung off her impressive tits. The seductive perfume she had on was driving me mad. Leaning down I pressed my mouth to hers. Our tongues met, as each was eager to explore the other's mouth. Her hand went to the back of my head mashing our mouths together. The kiss seemed to last an eternity. It started as a soft kiss, increasing in intensity slowly. Holding her face between my hands I kept on kissing her till she started gasping. Breaking the kiss I pulled out the comb she was using to hold her hair up. It fell down the front of her. I reached for her mouth again. Our mouths met in another hungry kiss and my hand began exploring her back. Moments later, I slipped my hands down and reached for her buttons. She made no move to stop me. Standing there in hall I opened all of the buttons, so the robe hung open from her shoulders, and was stopped from opening fully only by her hard nipples. 

Sunita came back with cold drinks seeing us pulled us apart pulling me by my collar. 

Sunita said "You've been such a dear, We want to repay you, & we will do what we do best, but you two have to wait. We moved to bedroom. Once in bedroom Sunita said that Madhu is supposed to go back tmrw so today they want to enjoy, enjoy & enjoy only. I planted a soft kiss on Sunita & thanked her for such a wonderful time.

We helped each other out of clothes forgetting all about cold drinks lying on the side table. We moved to bed with their ample bodies pressed against me. 

"OK, lie there and do as we ask", Sunita said I once gave her a quick kiss on the lips and she smiled back at me.

Madhu positioned herself over my face, facing my legs; she sat up on my knees a little to give me plenty of room to do my magic on her pussy, her clit, and her tight asshole. Sunita lowered herself down on my cock, and as she opened her pussy lips and slid down onto my cock letting it sink deep inside her. She immediately started to slowly move up and down, backward and forward. They were facing each other and Sunita leaned forward a little and kissed Madhu then took hold of her breasts, cupping them, they were large & beautiful anyway.

While Sunita was fucking my cock, I was licking and sucking Madhu's pussy and clit. I ran my tongue on her clit, into and around her pussy and then down to her ass. I pushed my tongue into her tight ass as far as I could go, then all the way back to and into her pussy. I knew she ready to cum. 

Sunita asked Madhu to "Change places". Quickly they swapped over. Madhu rocked back and forth and up and down my cock. I held onto Sunita who was riding my mouth as furiously as Madhu was riding my cock, I knew that they both were both on the brink of orgasms. 

Madhu riding my cock and Sunita was riding my tongue, her cum dripping down into my mouth and rolling to the back of my throat. We lay still for a few moments catching our breath. 

Sunita looked over at me, knelt on her knees in between my spread legs and proceeded to suck My near bursting cock, running her tongue around the tip of the head and slowly licking the sides, tasting my cum and Madhu's juices, it must have been an exotic cocktail for her.

As Sunita was concentrating on my cock, her hand around the shaft and taking all of into her mouth, sucking and licking, gently squeezing my tight balls, Madhu moved behind Sunita and slowly inserted her fingers into Sunita, slowly moving in and out. I started to move my hips up and down, Sunita glanced up at my face and knew I could not hold back much longer. She moved her mouth up and down faster and faster on me, Madhu was going faster and faster as well, I could hear her breathing heavily, it seemed like we all wanted to cum at the same time. I moaned and bucked my hips up at Sunita and as I did so, a squirt of hot cum hit out. Sunita swallowed with my cock pushed as far down her throat as it would go. 

Totally exhausted, we lay there catching our breath, I in the middle with three of us holding onto each other.

After a while I got up & moved off the bed to take a shower & clean. Seeing me moving out. Madhu moved closer to Sunita and kissed her gently on the lips. They wrapped arms around each other, gently stroking and kissing. 

On my return I sat on the bed & watched the incredible display: two hot, sexy women rubbing their bodies together in lust, their hands and mouths roaming all over their naked flesh. Sunita looked over at me and motioned to stand up and join them. I wrapped my arms around them both and kissed each in turn. 

Madhu's mouth was on Sunita's breasts as she softly licked and sucked her nipples with Sunita just stroking her hair and enjoying the effects her mouth was having on her.

Madhu lowered her head down to Sunita's wet pussy, instinctively, Sunita spread her legs and arched her back. Madhu used her hand to play with Sunita's wet cunt lips. She skid her fingers through them, stopping to pinch her clit or slip a finger deep inside her slippery hole. Sunita was dripping all over. 

I helped and placed one pillow beneath her ass & spread her legs apart Madhu positioned herself between them. With a hand on each thigh, she stretched Sunita's lips apart, exposing her pink flesh that was glistening in the light. Softly, Madhu began to probe her tongue through the sweet pussy. 

Sunita moaned with pleasure as Madhu slid a single finger inside her wet cavity. Sensing her friends increased pleasure, she worked another finger inside and then yet another. 

"Oh, my god…that feels so great" Sunita murmured. By this time Madhu was working her three fingers in and out, but I knew that there was more pleasure to give than just this. I moved closer to Sunita's pussy & gently ran my tongue over the harden flesh. Sunita moaned with delight.

Slowly, as I continued to suck on Sunita's clit, Madhu worked her fingers inside the slick opening & soon she had four of her fingers easily sliding inside Sunita's pussy, and Sunita didn't seem to mind at all.

I continued to lick the excess juices as they poured out. The taste was sweet and now Sunita's pussy was growing increasingly tight as we urged her towards orgasm. Sunita cried with joy. 

It was my time to act so I walked to the bathroom and grabbed a washcloth. Returning with the wet cloth, I wiped Madhu's hands and cleaned up the mess from between Sunita's thighs. After doing I joined them back in bed. 

They turned their attention to me. Both ladies had a grip on my cock, stroking it lightly as they crouched on either side of my legs. Sunita took the first plunge, running her tongue over the shaft a couple of times, I drew in a sharp intake of breath as she sucked, me deep into her throat, then she pulled back and began to work her mouth over the meat in several long slow strokes. Madhu came in from the left side, licking up the side of the cock then taking away from Sunita and sticking it deep in her mouth. Madhu sucked slowly until she had it completely imbedded in her throat, then she too began to work with her mouth.

After a few minutes of this, I was getting close to shooting, but right then, as if sensing my approaching orgasm, they backed off. The two women truly loved sex and knew how to obtain maximum pleasure from it.

Madhu climbed up and lowered her, dripping cunt to my face. I grabbed Madhu's butt eagerly, pulled her pussy to lips and began to eat it with relish, kissing her lips and running my tongue between them. Using my tongue like a small cock, I jabbed it into Madhu's vagina, fucking her with my tongue. Sunita, meanwhile, placed her mouth over Madhu's nipple sucking slowly and gently.

Madhu moved her hips forward, pulling her pussy off my mouth and offering her asshole. I ran my tongue over the brown flesh. I pulled her butt cheeks apart and licked and kissed Madhu's asshole, occasionally sticking part of my middle finger up her rectum.

Watching me, Sunita pulled my legs apart, and began to lick my anus. I let out a moan of pleasure. After a while Sunita stood up & backed away.

Madhu also moved & rolled over to bed. Tired I decided for a bath & moved to bathroom. Returning I find lunch spread on bed & both ladies still naked enjoying there food. I joined them.

After finishing food & removing all left over they joined me back on bed. The three of us spoke for 20/30 minutes, joking around, flirting. I extended my right leg so it was touching Madhu's thigh, while Sunita's leg laid on mine. 

Sunita moved & kissed Madhu's sweet nipple as I moved behind Madhu and kissed her neck . I was hard again. Sunita leaned down farther to kiss Madhu's pussy and then opened her legs as she lay back against me. As I caressed Madhu' tits Sunita tasted her wet pussy. Madhu turned her face around so I could kiss her mouth. 

I moved back against the bed. Madhu in my lap with her back to me as Sunita took my cock in her hand and guided me into Madhu's cunt. I moaned as she slid down on me. Madhu opened her legs and Sunita leaned down to suck her clit. Madhu leaned her head over so that I could still kiss her as I fucked her. My tongue plunged into her mouth, fucking her mouth with as much power as I was fucking her. I had her large soft breasts in my hands as my tongue plunged time and time again into her mouth. I plunged hard and fast into her glistening hot wet pussy I could feel her tighten as I fucked her. Madhu breath became quicker and I knew she was about to come. I could actually feel her pussy tighten around my cock as I thrust my hips up as hard as I could. She moaned as she began to come. I thrust into her deep and hard one final time, cumming in her cunt until it ran out and down her legs. 

Madhu collapsed back against me.

'After some time Sunita said, 'will you do me a favor?' 'Sure ask away' I told her. 'If you don't mind then please fuck me in the ass hole. Haan meri gaand maro. I love a cock in my butt. 'I would love to but we will have to wait for sometime' I said pointing to my limp cock. 'We don't have so much time. I will help you' she said and took my cock in he mouth and brought it to attention in minutes. Pleased with her work she got on all fours and said, 'As it has been a long time please for the first time wet your cock in my choot before entering'. 

I did as directed and pushed my cock in her butt hole. Madhu under Sunita & started licking and sucking her cunt as I fucked her. 'Oh it hurts but go on don't stop' she said. While I was fucking she kept saying, 'It is lovely, yes that is the way, yes harder, now faster and harder, I haven't enjoyed myself like this in years etc.' till I came in her butt hole. 

We all rested... and then...