 My first threesome with my ex girlfriend and my best mate.

Many years ago i had a very hot girlfriend and we were constantly fucking, sometimes 5 times a day which was amazing but during sex we'd play with different fantasies which always got some great climaxes from both of us.

One of the fantasies that we talked about a lot was a threesome with another guy and i had someone in particular in mind. I had a best mate who we would go and visit every Thursday evening whilst his wife was at work. It was the only evening she worked and we'd just go round and keep him company. 

We'd been doing this for several months and because he was my best mate i trusted him implicitly and so when Bex (my ex) and i were fucking he was now the guy i'd talk about with her joining us to help me fuck her. This seemed to get her even more horny, probably because now she could imagine a real person joining us.

So we devised a plan to try to seduce him one Thursday night. We got some alcohol in and took round a pack of playing cards and after a few drinks and a few rounds of cards i suggested we up the stakes a bit and play for clothes. I'd already arranged with Bex that she'd lose quite a few hands just to get my Mate (Ian) aroused and hopefully he'd realise what might be happening.

We'd all had quite a few drinks and were all getting more relaxed now. We'd already decided that Bex would wear a thin summery dress with no bra and just a skimpy thong on. I'd wanted her naked pretty quick so Ian knew that she was going to be his tonight. 

Ian lost a few hands and was down to his boxers and Bex had already lost her dress so she was sat there with her tits out, which were a perfect handful with beautiful pink nipples and just her thin thong, which was already being eaten by the slit of her cunt and was visibly glistening with her juices. Ian was sat in a chair across from us and Bex was sat on the floor with her legs open directly in Ian's line of sight so he couldn't possibly not notice her wet inviting cunt looking back at him. 

Ian excused himself to go to the toilet and whilst he was gone i asked Bex if she was still up for this? She took my hand and put it in between her legs and asked if it felt like she was. Her cunt was certainly ready for it. I slid 2 fingers into her with ease and she said she couldn't wait to have Ian fuck her. But Then she said "do you think he's interested?" I said I'm pretty sure from the bulge he's trying to hide that he's very interested. 

When Ian came back (trying to hide his hard on) I was just pulling my fingers out of Bex, who let out a little moan as I did so. Ian couldn't resist looking down at her as she did this and he got a full view of her naked cunt because I hadn't pulled her thong back over to cover it. I put my fingers in my mouth and told her she tasted great and looked over to Ian as I said this as he'd sat back down across from us, awkwardly trying to conceal an ever throbbing hard on. We played another hand and Bex lost so she stood up and facing Ian slipped the thong off and you could see her pussy juice sticking to the thong. Ian was trying to be a gentleman and not look but she moved in front of him so he had nowhere else to look. She handed him the thong and asked if she smelt nice. He took it and looked at me and I just smiled so he put them to his nose and then licked them. He said, they don't just smell nice they taste nice too. She said, you can't really get the full benefit from tasting my thong, you need to taste my juices straight from my cunt at which point she put 1 foot on the arm of his chair and pushed her hips towards him. He leant forward and buried his face into her juicy pussy, tasting how horny she was. This was unbelievable to watch and i couldn't wait for things to progress. 

The next hand Ian lost and all he had left on was his boxer shorts. He went bright red and tried to squirm out of them without showing his hard dick but Bex said he should just stand up and take them off. He stood up and slid them down and his had cock sprang out and the tip of it was leaking pre-cum. He tried to cover himself but Bex let out a sigh and said it looked very tasty and couldn't wait to feel it inside her. Ian looked somewhat shocked and a little scared but i looked at him and told him to relax. I don't think up to this point he actually thought anything more that what had already happened was going to happen.

He sat back down still trying to cover his dick up as i dealt the cards out again.

Bex lost again so i said as she had no clothes on she's gonna have to do a forfeit. She asked what that might be and i looked at Ian who was looking really embarrassed but obviously excited too and i told her she should play with herself and show us how wet her pussy was. She got up and sat on the edge of the couch and spread her legs then pulled her cunt lips apart to show us her wet, juicy pussy. She then proceeded to rub her clit and slide a couple of fingers in and out of her cunt. After a few minutes of this she sat back down on the floor and we played another hand. 

She lost again (honestly) so this time I told Bex she should suck Ian's cock. She moved over to where he was sat on her hands and knees and knelt in front of him. He had his hands over his groin so she moved them aside and took hold of his hard cock. 

She looked over at me, i think making sure i was ok with what was about to happen and i just smiled so she turned back to Ian's cock and put it straight into her mouth. I nearly came there and then but just sat watching whilst undoing my jeans and pulling my cock out (Yes, i hadn't lost a single card game so was fully dressed).

She sucked Ian for a good few minutes and he was reaching down to play with her tits, he was now totally relaxed and clearly up for what was happening.

I got undressed and sat back down to watch the show when Bex stopped sucking his cock and pulled him out of his chair and lay him on the floor. His cock was standing proud and she positioned her cunt right over it and then slowly slid it into her very wet and willing cunt. It was a mind blowing sight seeing my girlfriend take my best mates cock inside her. She rode him like she was possessed and kept looking up at me smiling, i knew we'd done the right thing. I walked over to her and fed her mouth my cock and she got a great rhythm of bouncing up and down on Ian's cock and sucking mine at the same time. 

After a while she got off Ian and sat on the couch and said she needed her pussy eating so i got in between her legs and started licking that juicy cunt whilst Ian moved to her side so she could suck his cock. I licked her for a few minutes but needed my cock in her so got my cock at the opening to her cunt and slid the tip of my cock up and down her slit then slid inside her and it took me all my effort not to shoot inside her as i watched her sucking on a cock just a few feet away.

I told her i wanted to fuck her arse (she loved anal) so she said she wanted to be dp'd. I sat on the couch and she straddled me with her back to me and i guided my cock into her arse. Her cunt juice had lubed her up enough that it was easy for me to slide up there then Ian stood in front of Bex and put 1 leg on the sofa and guided his cock into her cunt. I felt her tighten up and he got all the way in her and she was moaning really loudly, the noise was such a horny thing to hear cos it was just lustful and wanting. 

We fucked like this for a good few minutes when Ian said he was going to cum. She said she wanted his cum in her and for him to fuck her harder until he came inside her. This was getting too much for me and as soon as i felt Ian start to cum Bex started cumming and in turn that sent me over the edge and i started to spunk up her arse. We all shuddered and came almost simultaneously and all just stayed in place for a second or 2 then Ian pulled out with a very squelchy plop and i held Bex in place with my arms around her waist, i didn't want her to move yet. I felt my balls starting to get wet and realised Ian's spunk must be oozing out of her so she got up off me and there was a large dollop of spunk just coming out of her cunt and in between her legs. It was a fantastic feeling and such an amazing sight. 

She dropped to her knees to lick the spunk off my cock and balls then told Ian to come and stick his cock in her mouth so she could clean his spunk and her juices up too

Ian went to get her a towel and i asked her if she'd enjoyed herself, she said she had and could we do it again sometime, i said if Ian was up for it then definitely and we had a very passionate kiss. I could taste the saltyness in her mouth from all our juices and i had to push my tongue deeper into her mouth because it was so horny knowing what we'd just done. Knowing it would happen again. And again!

Ian came back and was looking embarrassed and sheepish again but i said did he fancy making this a regular thing cos we did. He said he'd love too and had a very broad smile on his face. We got dressed but Bex hadn't used the towel and just put her dress back on without any underwear which i loved cos anyone that looked closely might just see spunk running down her legs.

We said goodnight to Ian and headed home. We were both still horny from what had just happened so stopped a few times for a kiss and i'd slip a couple of fingers inside her very spunky wet cunt. I said if we weren't careful someone might see, she said who cares, i could do with another load in me. That comment got me rock hard again so i bent her over down an alley and stuffed my cock inside her again and gave her some more spunk. Sadly no one saw us to join in but it was very horny. We got in and fucked some more whilst reliving the nights events and couldn't wait to do it again.

That was my first threesome but by no means my last.