 Hello, my name is Samantha, my friends call me Sami. I am a single woman, age 40, and out to explore my sexuality. I had met a man online that had told me about clubbing. I had heard it talked about before and never really gave it a second thought, until one day when he gave a very descriptive tale of his adventures. He had sparked my curiosity… not to mention the sparks that I was feeling elsewhere.

After talking with him in a very long chat session, I made the decision to try this club out. But there was only one problem... I was too shy to go to this club alone. I really wanted to go, so I talked to a friend about my desire to go. It turned out to be my lucky day, my friend said he would be honored to join me at this club. So we circled a date on the calendar and followed the guidelines for entering such a club.

The day finally came! I was going to a Swinger's Club! I had fantasized about this for so long, you know, what would I do… what wouldn't I do...would I be all shy and wait to be approached or would I be bold and do the approaching myself? I decided this may be my one and only chance to fulfill a fantasy of mine and I was going to be bold and do the approaching if I weren't approached in the first thirty minutes.

We arrived and I looked over at my friend and said, "Well Steve, here we go. It's all or nothing!" 

We got to the door and had to present to the gentleman, the special invitation we had received by mail. He looked it over, smiled, and told us to enjoy our evening.

We enter the dimly lit club and see lots of people that look just like us. It wasn't as intimidating as I thought it would be. There was some nice music playing, nice decor all around, and a friendly atmosphere. 

We decided to go to the bar and order ourselves a drink and to check out what was going on around the bar area. My friend orders a Long Island Ice Tea, and I order a screwdriver. The bartender quickly fills our order and tells us to enjoy our evening. 


I take a seat as my friend wanders off to go and explore. I look around and see what looks like three people off in a corner; they appear to be having their own little orgy. I watch for a while, as the three of them get real hot and heavy into their sexual play. I find myself being quite turned on by the action that is taking place before me. I even catch myself gently biting on my lower lip as I watch them. 

Then my attention is suddenly caught by the man just entering the club with his partner. They had no sooner walked into the club when she went down onto her knees, unzipped his fly, pulled out his cock and started giving him head right there. Nothing shy about her, that was for sure. 

Before long there were quite a few men standing nearby the couple, almost like they were waiting for their turns to be sucked by this woman. I was actually quite turned on by all of this. I looked down at my watch and saw I had been there for close to an hour already, I knew that meant t I was going to be bold…I was going to be the one to make a move on a man.

I got down off my bar stool after finishing my drink and walked towards the center of the club where the woman had just finished doing her partner. There were still plenty of men standing around as this ended. I spotted a man that looked to be in his early thirties, tall, blonde hair, nicely dressed, and he had quite the bulge in his pants. 

"Well Sam… it's now or never!" I said to myself. 

I walked up to the man and coyly smiled at him and said, "Looks like you enjoyed the show as much as I did. How would you like the same kind of attention?" #

He looked at me and smiled widely. The only sound being a, "MMMMMmmmmm!!"

Without hesitation, I got down on my knees and undid his fly, reached in and grabbed his hard cock. It was much larger than it looked inside those slacks he was wearing. 

Too late to turn back now Sami, I thought to myself.

I leaned in and began to kiss and lick the head of his cock, letting my tongue dart back and forth over the opening, flicking it faster, then slowing down. 

His cock jumped in my hand, responding just the way I had hoped it would. I began licking circles all over the head and the rim… nice, slow, long licks. Then without notice I swallowed the head into my hot, wet, hungry mouth. …The suction not real tight….but tight enough that I could feel the head getting thicker as I teased it. I could feel his cock in my hand getting harder and harder as I sucked and teased his cock. I took the head out of my mouth and began licking up and down the shaft, paying special attention to the underside and the bulging veins that had appeared. 

I glanced around briefly and we too had an audience. I even spotted a few men that had taken their cocks out and were stroking themselves. Seeing this only made me hotter …hornier.

I wanted to make every man in this place hot. 

I went back to teasing the head with my tongue when all of a sudden I swallow as much of his cock as I could. I must have swallowed at least four inches or more. My head began to bob up and down in unison with my hand that was still stroking what I couldn't yet swallow. I began to moan softly sending that wonderful vibration all through his cock. I began to relax my throat as I wanted and needed to swallow more of this man. My head and hand still going up and down at a good pace, I slowly began to swallow more of him. Deeper into my throat he slid, it felt so incredible to have so much of this man's cock deep inside my throat. 

I looked up to him to see the expression on his face as I continued to swallow him clear down to his full balls. His eyes had rolled back into his head, with one hand on his hip and the other on the back of my head as he began to fuck my mouth. He was making nice, long strides deeper and deeper into my throat. I could feel him throbbing in my throat. He wasn't going to be able to keep this up much longer without exploding.

So I decided to give him all I had. My head began to bob faster and faster as my throat tightened around his cock. My throat was hot, wet and willing to take him over the edge. 

Next thing I knew I felt both of his hands on the back of my neck as he began to plunge as deep as he could possibly go... in and out... in and out. Then he pushed real hard and began to erupt deep into my mouth. His load was huge and came so hard it was more than I could swallow. I could feel his hot, sticky fluids seeping out the corners of my mouth as I swallowed over and over again. 

Finally I could take no more and pulled my mouth off of his erupting cock and let him finish cumming all over my lips and face. Load after load shot all over my face. His cum so hot, dripping off my chin down onto my cleavage. 

Finally the last of his cum shot forward and he took a step back, offering me his hand to help me to a standing position. 

Once I was in a standing position, applause erupted from the crowd that had gathered to watch us. There must have been at least fifteen or twenty men standing there and several women were there watching as well. I looked around to all of them and noticed there was more than the man I was sucking that had cum, there were several loads of cum on the floor and several very wide smiles in the crowd.

That was just the beginning of that evening! It turned out to be one of the hottest nights of my life and I hope to share more of them with all of you.