 "Sounds great to me Steve...invite Keteira on in. But there is one condition. I get to take a crack at her too!" replied Sami. 

Steve headed for the door with a huge grin on his face, he opened the door and went into the hallway and disappeared. 

"Wonder where Steve went? He said she was right outside the door. Wonder if she got too hot watching us and ventured out on her own? While we are waiting, let's take a shower and get all freshened up...I am a tad sticky at the moment." said Sami to Michael. 

"Sure babe...anything your little heart desires is fine by me!" replied Michael. 

So Michael and I headed to the shower. It was huge and had plenty of room for more than just the two of us. If Steve and Keteira came back in time...we could all shower together I thought. Michael got to the shower first and started the shower. I was right behind him and grabbed his ass as he stepped into the shower. 

"You sure are one frisky gal Sami...I like that in a woman! Would it be presumptuous of me to think that we were going to do more than just take a shower?" asked Michael. 

"It wouldn't be presumptuous of you at all Michael. Hand me that bottle of soap and let me get started at getting you all nice and clean. You just might get in on some action with Keteira too...and I am sure that you want to be all fresh for her" was Sami's reply. 

Michael did as I had asked and gave me the bottle of soap. A wonderful vanilla fragrance filled the shower as I began to soap up Michael's body. His wet hard body felt so good as I was rubbing the liquid soap all over his backside. His skin was so smooth...so warm...so damn inviting. My hands slowly slid up and down his back; massaging his back and shoulders. I did that for quite a while and he leaned forward putting his hands on the shower wall to steady himself as he was becoming quite relaxed. I seen this as the perfect opportunity to let my hands slide down a little further to his slippery ass. Once my hands were there, I began to massage his ass the way I had been massaging his back. Rubbing and squeezing his cheeks, letting my nails rake up and down, then back to rubbing and squeezing. My fingers finally sliding up and down his ass crack. He began to moan softly, slightly bending at the waist as I continued to run my fingers up and down his crack. 

"MMMmmmmmm...You seem to be enjoying this Michael. Tell Sami how much you like this baby. Do you like it when I do this?" I asked as I slid my fingers into his crack. 

"Oh damn Sami...you are driving me fucking crazy baby. You seem to know where every sensitive part of my body is. Just when I think I can't fuck you anymore, you go and get me all hot again baby. Let me give you a nice shower now, please baby." was Michael's reply. 

I smiled as I handed him the bottle of liquid soap. It gave me such pleasure to make him this hot for me. Now I wanted to see just how hot he was willing to make me. I turned my back towards him so that he could begin his journey of washing and massaging my body. I felt him squeeze some of the soap onto my upper back and he then began to work the soap into my skin. His big warm hands felt so good on my bare skin. He began to massage my neck and shoulders...slowly working his hands down my back. His hands slid up and down nice and slowly, causing my body to relax. Soon I too was slightly bent at the waist as I felt his hands on my ass. It was an incredible feeling, the way he would grab and squeeze, then slow it down to a nice massage. This continued for quite some time when suddenly I felt something different. I could feel something very hard and slippery sliding up and down the crack of my ass. His cock was on fire, and he wanted his fire put out! 

"MMMmmmmmmm baby!! What are ya planning on doing with that hard cock of yours baby? Ohhhh...that feels so damn good. I don't want to disappoint you baby, but I have never done anal before, the thought is intriguing, but at the same time, the thought of the pain it will cause scares me. But damn baby...the thought of you taking my virgin ass is driving me crazy with lust." said Sami. 

"Relax baby...I would never do anything to hurt you. Your round ass is just begging to be fucked baby. Now just relax, take a deep breath, and trust me. If it hurts too much, just tell me and I will stop, okay Sami." replied Michael. 

"Okay baby...just take me nice and slow and easy. Please don't rush it baby...let it happen nice and slow." was Sami's reply. 

Michael grabbed a tube of lube and squeezed some into his hand and he began stroking his cock. He then asked me to bend over more and to spread my cheeks for him. I did as he had asked. Soon I felt some warm kind of oil be squeezed into my ass crack and all over my puckered virgin asshole. I did as Michael had suggested and took a deep breath in and blew it out slowly. I could feel the head of his cock rubbing up and down my ass. It felt incredible and I was now looking forward to giving him my ass. Very gently he placed the head of his cock to the entrance of my virgin ass...applying very little pressure...not penetrating it yet. 

"When you feel ready Sami...slowly press back onto my cock. I will let you be the one that controls how far I go into your ass. It may hurt a little in the beginning...just stop and breathe. Let your asshole get used to this new sensation, and when you want to take more, just press back slowly, okay baby." said Michael. 

I took in another deep breath...my body relaxing...and began to press back onto him very slowly. He was definately right about one thing; it did hurt at first. I did what he said and stopped and took another deep breath. After a few moments, I pushed back a little more. This time the head of his rock hard cock was just inside my asshole. The pain was there, but with the deep breathing, it subsided and I pushed back a little more. Slowly his cock began to slide into my ass. All the lube that he had used was helping to make it more comfortable for me. I soon felt liquid again on my now open asshole as he squeezed some more lube onto his cock and my ass. Slowly I began to rock back and forth taking his cock a little deeper, my ass now opening to his penetration. He grabbed my hips and began to slowly thrust his cock a little further in. The pain was gone now and all I could feel was the feeling of being filled. My asshole was swallowing his cock. Just thinking about what we were doing made me so hot for more. Soon I was rocking back and forth with his thrusts and moaning louder. 

"Ohhhhhh...Michael baby...this is fucking incredible. Damn...it feels sooooooo good baby. Give it to me deeper baby...let's see how much of that big cock my ass can swallow baby. Yesssssssss...that's it baby...fill my ass...fuck my ass...oh hell yesssssss...fuck meeeeeeeee!" Sami screamed. 

He began thrusting deeper and deeper into my ass. I couldn't believe how good it felt...why had I never done this before kept running through my mind. We soon developed a rhythm and we were fucking like animals. Deep hard thrusts...loud moans...his wet skin slapping mine as he fucked my asshole. Suddenly I felt something that I had never felt before...it felt like my ass was going to cum. Is that possible? How can your ass cum? I didn't know the answers and I wasn't going to waste time asking Michael. I reached back and spread my ass real wide for him and it happened. My fucking ass was cumming...oh my god...it was really cumming. I dug my nails into my cheeks as the sensations I was feeling took over my body and mind. I had never felt anything like this before and I sure as hell didn't want it to end. My asshole began squeezing his cock and soon I heard him say. 

"Hang on baby...I am gonna fill that ass of yours with my cum...Damn baby...oh damn...here it cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmms!" he screamed as his cock exploded in my ass." 

He thrust real deep into me a couple of times and then his eruption filled my ass. His hot load filled me completely...I could feel it dripping out of my ass and down to my soaked pussy. This was the best fuck that I had ever experienced, and now that I know it feels this good...it definately won't be the last time that someone fucks my ass. 

We eventually got out of the shower and dried ourselves off. My legs felt weak from what had just taken place. I wanted to go and lie down and give my body a much-deserved rest. I went and lied down and curled up into the fetal position, and drifted off to sleep. 

I am not sure how long I slept, but when I heard the knock at the door I woke up to find Michael curled up against me. The door suddenly opened and there stood Steve and Keteira. Damn, she is one sexy red head I thought to myself. My eyes were glued to all the curves of her body, her beautiful hair, and of course her very firm large breast. 

"Hey there Steve and Keteira, is it? Welcome. Glad that the two of you made it back." Michael said. 

"Yeah, really glad that you found your way back guys. Hello Keteira...my name is Sami..It's a pleasure to finally meet you. Don't mean to be so blunt Keteira, but how do you feel about being with another woman. The men can of course join us...in fact, I hope they do...but only after we have had some time for just the two of us!" Sami said. 

Sami waited anxiously for Keteira answer. Judging by the look in her eyes...I think I can safely bet that she is in to me.