 We were back at a stripclub. I was wearing a really short skirt, and the black top I got for my birthday (big tits, small waist, you said?), stay up stocking that ended just below where my skirt finished, and high heels. You couldn't take your eyes off me, until this one stripper caught your attention...and mine. She had nice, firm tits about my size, and her pussy was completely bare. Her hair was black, and her eyes a bright blue. She really got into her dancing, and both of us were pretty excited when she was done. Of course, the fact that I was stroking you through your jeans probably didn't help you none! ;)

After her dance was finished, I went to the bathroom to dry myself off, since she'd made me so wet I was afraid my juices would start running down my thigh. While I was gone, you went to the stripper and asked her whether she'd be willing to do a lap dance for me, while you watched. She agreed, and when I came out of the washroom, she took my hand and pulled me to a dimly lit room, where you waited, sitting in the corner. She pushed me down into a chair, and as the music started to play, she started swaying to the beat. The way I was sitting, all I could see clearly were her gorgeous tits in front of my face, with their tightly puckered nipples....ooh, did I ever want to stick out my tongue and taste. 

I looked into the corner, a little nervous about what was going on. I could see the lust burning in your eyes, and it added to the erotic sensations playing throughout my body. My attention shifted as she turned around to the music and bent over, giving me a full view of her ass and pussy. Oh wow. Then she straddled my lap, and started grinding against me. I thought I would faint, the stab of lust stabbing at my insides was so strong. I could feel the muscles in my pussy tighten, and my cunt getting so wet, without even really touching me, she had me on the edge of cumming. As the beat from the music beat louder in my head, I threw back my head, and let out a moan as I came. I looked over to you, and I thought for a second that you looked like you might join me.

She got back up, a satisfied little smile on her face. After the dance, she came over and sat with us. I asked her, curious, how she manages to keep her pussy so bare of hair without pesky ingrown hairs and razor rash. She answered that if we stayed in town that night and rented a motel room, she'd show us.

You ran to the desk and booked us a room, and the three of us sauntered over. She asked you to undress me, and went to her room to get supplies. Then, she told you to sit in the chair and watch...you might learn something.

She started by applying hot wax to my pussy and thighs; it felt so hot and soothing. She then gently waxed me, leaving behind a smooth, bald pussy. She washed off the rest of the wax with a warm cloth, paying special attention to the folds of my cunt. My breath started coming in short little gasps, as I felt myself getting horny again. I glanced over and saw you rubbing at the obvious hard on through your jeans. I could tell your cock was full, hard, and ready to burst already. Then she leaned over and kissed me; it felt the same as when you kiss me, but softer. She turned her head and started to run her hot little tongue over my ear and neck, alternately sucking and nibbling. Tingles started shooting all over my body. She worked her way down to my tits, stopping to suck and nibble at my tight nipples. I gasped; I was so horny at that point, the two of you could have done anything to me, and I wouldn't have cared. 

Slowly, she nipped, licked and bit her way down to just above my cleft, stopping to run her tongue up and down my thigh. She turned to you and said, " She has such a pretty little pussy." I heard you agree, and tell her that it tasted great too, and that she should taste. I barely had time to brace myself for what I knew was coming, and her tongue was running up and down my dripping wet slit. I moaned, and I heard you moan for your chair. She sucked at my clit, her fingers playing inside my hot, wet hole. She kept going with the sucking, licking and nipping at my clit till I thought I would scream. 

You'd finally had it with your corner, and came over and shoved your rock hard cock into my mouth as I screamed and came over and over again. Then you told her I'd never licked pussy before, and she turned so that we'd be in a 69 position with me on top. I stared down at her wet pussy as she continued to work her magic on mine; I wasn't sure where to start, so I started to imitate what she was doing to me. I felt her shudder as my tongue touched her clit, shyly at first, then more and more boldly. It tasted strange, but so good, I couldn't get enough. Then I felt you behind me, and I was suddenly full of hard, thrusting cock. As you pumped my cunt, she pumped my face as I drove her closer and closer to the edge. I could still feel her mouth working my clit, with an occasional stroke of the tongue to your balls. Oh, it was amazing. All at once, in a rush of moans and screams, we all came at once. I could feel your load shooting up my cunt, my juices dripping all over your cock and her face, and felt my face getting soaked by her pussy juices. 

As you and I looked at each other, a little stunned by what had just happened, she got up, gathered her clothes, and with a wink, left. Since you and I were still horny as hell because of what we'd just done, we stayed up all night, fucking and sucking to our heart content.