 It was a warm spring day as I drove my car my thoughts racing like the miles. I was due to meet him in 15 minutes, and I was excited as hell. My first time meeting him this man I knew so well. 

I had decided I'd dress cool and casual. Wearing tight black jeans, short silver tee, and my favorite velvet jacket. I smiled to myself knowing I wasn't wearing anything underneath. "Why" you ask, because I knew what was going to happen as soon as I met him. Even over electronic wires you can sense someone's passion about them and for you.

As I drove into the parking lot of his hotel my heart skipped a dozen beats. There he was standing out front waiting for me. I parked my car and nearly flew into his arms I was so happy to see him. 

Then my pulse stopped as I spotted someone standing beside him. He introduced this other man as his best friend "A surprise for you" Matt said. I eyed this other guy suspiciously wondering what the two of them had planned. 

Matt offered we all go grab some lunch together so we could ease the tension a little. After an hour of catching up and laughing at the new stories we had to tell. We decided to go back to their hotel room and give ourselves some privacy. Once alone with my best friend and his best friend I started feeling a little nervous again, but at the same time more excited than I had ever been. As I looked into Matt's eyes I asked him straight out what were the intentions here. He gave it straight back to me "I want to watch you fuck my best friend, and then I'm going to fuck the hell out of you." 

All right I thought I was open to trying new things. I told his friend to get undressed and lay on the bed. He did as I asked and I stripped also then I crawled up onto the bed. 

Crawling up on the bed I moved between his legs. Pausing for a second because I was a little nervous again. So for a few moments we kissed our tongues dancing as our mouths nibbled. Then as I looked down and saw him hard and nearly throbbing I became brave. So I took his cock in my hand and started licking the tip with my tongue. My hand sliding up and down on his shaft as my tongue encircles the head. He closes his eyes and begins to moan as I slide his cock deeper into my mouth. His hips thrusting forcing his cock deeper in my mouth as I start to suck harder and harder. I place one hand on his balls and feel them begin to tauten as I start moaning on his cock. My other hand tugging his shaft faster and faster. His back arches and his body tenses as he spouts his seed into my mouth. 

I looked over at Matt to find him fully enjoying our show. As I looked into Matt eyes a mischievous glint in mine I swallowed his friend's cum and licked his cock clean. 

After a little bit of time had passed Matt's friend sat up and kissed me hard on the mouth. Then he shoved me to my hands and knees and climbed behind me. I cried out as he forced his cock into my tight asshole in one hard thrust. Then Matt came around the side of the bed and put his hard cock into my mouth. I took Matt's cock deep into my mouth taking him far into my throat. Matt was driving his cock into my mouth furiously as his friend propelled his cock into my ass. 

I grabbed Matt's cock in my hands and started pulling him into my mouth. My tongue licking over the tip of his cock wildly as I met his friend's cock thrust for thrust with my ass. I yelled out as my body started to spasm between the two of them. Matt exploded down my throat just as his friend filled my ass with his hot seed. 

Then Matt walked back over to the chair and said to me "Now ride him." So as his friend laid on his back I took a moment to kiss and lick his body then I climbed over his waist. Taking his shaft in my hand I teased him a little first. Rubbing the head of his cock between my moist lips. Then I took his cock and pushed the head just a little ways into my opening. I lifted up and slid my hole down his shaft burying him in one fluid motion. He moaned and arched his back meeting my thrusting pussy. I leaned forward and pinned his shoulders to the bed. sliding almost all the way off his cock and slamming back down hard. Faster and faster I bounced on his shaft until his cock swelled and exploded in me. Harder I pumped my hips until my pussy pulsated and rippled around his spurting cock. I climbed off his body and was resting on my knees beside him as I grinned at Matt. 

Matt's friend rolled off the bed and stumbled over to the chair looking very satisfied, but not Matt. He almost threw me on my back and climbed in between my legs. He spread my legs with his then grabbed his cock and shoved his hard shaft into my tight wet pussy. My back arched and my hips lifted as I met his cock. Matt started hammering his cock into my aching hole. I tried wrapping my legs around him, but he only lifted them up over his shoulders. Giving him full access to pound my soaking little pussy. I squeezed his cock with my inner muscles so tight as I squealed out, exploding hard. He exploded deep in me splashing my walls with his cum. 

My body was thrashing wildly under him meeting his wild fucking. I raked my nails up and down his back. It only served to have him pin my arms above my head so he could get at my tits. He sucked hard on my nipples pumping his cock even faster into me. So I gripped his cock as tight as I could making him moan out and free my hands. I reached down and squeezed his ass digging my nails in. I yelled out as I exploded all around his cock again my cum covering his shaft. Then he thrust hard one last time and blasted his seed deep inside me. 

I lay there exhausted and sated as his body relaxed over mine. Matt rolled over taking me with him and held me tight in his arms. I smiled down into his eyes and kissed him softly. Matt kissed me back whispering in my ear "What a surprise?"