  (thanks to my boyfriend!)





I turned off the television, and looked over at my boyfriend, Jeremy. He had a strange look on his face, like he was trying to get something out. I smiled, wondering what this could be about, since we had just finished watching a porn.

"What is it?" 

"Um, nothing," he answered.

"Okay, I know you better than that. What is it?"

"Alright," he said hesitantly. "But don't get mad at me."

"I'm going to get mad at you if you don't spit it out. Just say it."

"It's just that I was thinking about something, but wasn't sure how to bring it up." He paused, and I waited for him to get it out. "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be with a woman?"

"With, you mean?"

"Yeah, it was just kind of sexy to see those two women together, and I could picture you as one of them." 

I didn't know what to say. I had maybe fantasized about that, but didn't want to do it for real, did I?

"Hon?"

I realized I had spaced out for a minute. "Where did that come from? It's not like you haven't seen porn with two women before."

"I don't know, it just really turned me on thinking about watching another woman go down on you."

I felt my face get warm, and not with embarrassment. I didn't say anything for a few minutes, trying to wrap my head about the thoughts I was having.

"Well, I know I don't want to see you with another woman, if that's what you-"

"No way honey," he said cutting me off, moving closer to me on the couch. He brushed a strand of hair behind my ear. "You are all the woman I need. It's just," he paused. "It's just that I love bringing you pleasure. I love to watch your face when you come, and it would be such a turn on to see another woman give you pleasure, focus on your needs. I mean I couldn't stand seeing another man touch you, but a woman..."

His lids dipped down, obviously just talking about this was turning him on. His hand moved to my thigh, caressing in circles. I felt a heat start to grow in my pussy.

"Well," I said licking my lips, "even if I agreed, I don't know where we could find someone. It couldn't be anyone I know." 

His hand was pressing against the crotch of my panties, under my skirt. The wet patch let him know how turned on I was.

"There's a woman at my job. I don't work with her directly, but I've heard rumors that she's a little wild, like part of a swingers' club. Someone I know used to date her, so I could figure a way to find out."

My eyes closed as I leaned back against the couch. His hand was under my panties now, and two fingers started sliding in and out of my wet pussy, while his thumb was pressing against my clit.

"Can you feel it," he whispered in my ear, breath hot on my skin. "Can you feel a strange woman licking your pussy, kissing your thighs?"

"Yes," I panted, pushing my hips up against his touch.

"She's making your come so hard you can't hold back," he moaned as he licked the skin of my throat, hand moving more quickly. A short scream escaped my lips as I climaxed. After catching my breath, I opened my eyes and looked over at him.

"Do it."

---------------

A couple of weeks later, I sat nervously on our bed. I was wearing a silky short robe and nothing else. I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths. I ran my hands up over the sleek fabric up to cup my own breasts, circling the nipples with my thumbs, feeling them harden with my touch, until they poked through the thin material. I opened my eyes when I heard the front door open. Could I really go through with this?

The bedroom door opened, and my boyfriend walked in, followed by a blond woman. She was average height, and slim, but with large breasts and curvy hips. Her blond hair was short, curling under her ears, and her eyes were bright blue. I told Jeremy I didn't want to know anything about the woman he was bringing home, not even her name, so this was the first time I saw her.

"Hi," I heard myself say.

"Wow Jeremy," the woman said, walking over to me. "She's even prettier than she looks in the picture you showed me." She stood next to me and grabbed my hand, urging me to stand. Her hand came up to my chin and tilted it up. She was about an inch taller than me. Before I knew what was happening, her soft lips covered mine, and the taste of her, spearmint, brought butterflies to my stomach.

She leaned in and whispered softly in my ear. "Don't worry about anything. I'll lead. You just enjoy and do whatever feels good." Her breath in my ear sent shivers down my spine. She stood back and began removing her clothes. Her skirt slipped down and off, followed by her blouse and shoes. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. She was beautiful, so sexy. Her pussy was only covered by a small line of golden hair, and I could see her clit was already swollen and sticking out. Her breasts were c-cup, with large brownish nipples.

Without even thinking, I moved closer and took her breasts in my hands. I leaned over to suck on one large nipple, until it was hard under my tongue, and then moved to give the other one equal attention. I had never touched any breasts except my own, and it felt incredible.

"That feels so good," she moaned, as I stood up and leaned in to kiss her again. As her tongue slid into my willing mouth, I felt her hands untie my robe and it slipped to the floor. She pulled away from me, taking my hand, and leading me to the bed.

As I sat down, I looked over Jeremy, and our eyes locked. I saw the desire in his eyes, this was obviously exciting him. He was sitting in a chair by the door, and somewhere in the midst of everything, he had removed his clothes. His cock was in his hand, rigid as he stroked it. Knowing watching us was turning him on, fed my own desire.

My attention was drawn back to the woman in front of me. She was on her knees on the floor, and pulled me to the edge of the bed.

"Lay back," she said. I did. My butt was on the edge, as I looked up at the ceiling. Then I felt her warm breath on my inner thighs, and I closed my eyes in anticipation. I felt a light, gentle kiss on the outside of my pussy lips, and I let out a ragged pent up breath. My lips were pulled apart, and then her tongue was inside me, moving in and out. An unconscious sigh escaped my lips. Her thumb pressed firmly against my clit, as her tongue continued to work. Then her mouth trailed up to my swollen aching clit, and she started to suck on the tender spot, while two or three fingers slid deep inside my wet canal.

I couldn't stop my hips from thrusting up, and I could hear sounds coming from my mouth I couldn't control. I was so close. Just then, I felt a weight on the bed next to me, and I opened my eyes to see my boyfriend sitting there, looking down at me.

"Does it feel good, hon, having her lick your pussy?" His voice was thick with desire.

"Yes," I moaned.

He reached down and flicked a nipple, and then cupped the breast.

"Are you going to come?"

"God yes, I'm so close," I panted.

"Good," he said and leaned to take the nipple in his warm mouth.

The suction from her sucking hard on my clit was building up, and another finger entered me. I was beyond rational thought. My body was on fire, sensations overwhelming me. Then my hips pushed up hard and stayed there as my body clenched in an intense climax. Wave after wave rolled over me, all while she continued to suck and fuck me with her fingers, lengthening the pleasure further.

Finally I collapsed back on the bed, completely spent, and satisfied to the core. I felt her move away from my quivering thighs, and sit on the bed next to me on the other side, and I languidly opened my eyes. Her face was glistening from my juices. She lowered her head, and we kissed. I could taste my cum on her lips. She sat back up.

"Wow," Jeremy said, drawing me back to look over at him. I saw his thighs were coated in his own cum, he must have orgasmed when I did. "That was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen."

I smiled at him, and then looked back at the woman at my side.

"Thanks."

"I'm glad you liked it."

"Maybe I can return the favor, since you haven't come yet." I hadn't even thought about doing this to another woman, but now in this moment, I needed to know what it was like.

She didn't say anything, but climbed on the bed, and moved to straddle my face, lowering her pussy to my lips. "Lick me."

I didn't hesitate, but put my hands up to her hips and pulled her closer. I licked her slit up and down. She was already dripping wet, she must have gotten very turned on bringing me to my own climax, so she must be close. I clamped onto her large swollen clit with my mouth and started sucking hard. She was riding up and down on my face, and I just kept up with her movements, not letting her clit go.

She suddenly froze, cunt pressed firmly to my face, and I heard a loud deep moan come from her just before her juices squirted out all over my lips and chin. A few seconds later she rolled over and off me, leaning back in to lick some of her own juices off my face, and then kiss me softly.

She stood up, walked over to where he clothes lay on the floor. She pulled on her skirt, stepped in her shoes, and pulled on her blouse and started buttoning it.

"Thanks Jeremy for thinking of me," she said smiling. "This was fun. If you ever want to give it another go, let me know." Then she walked out the door.

My boyfriend scooted closer to me and pulled me against him. I could feel his hard on had returned, and was pressing against my hip.

"Hon, that was such a turn on."

I smiled, turning to face him. "I can tell," I said, reaching between us to stroke his stiff cock.

"So are you glad we did this," he asked. I could tell by his quiet voice he was a little afraid of the answer.

I started to fondle him more firmly. "Very glad, and now I'm going to show you just how hot this all got me." I pushed him over on his back, and climbed on top of him, lowering myself over his cock, until he was inside me. I put my hand on his chest for balance, and started rocking back and forth on him. My clit was still so sensitive, I worked myself up to near orgasm again quickly.

Then I slowed my movements. I pulled up almost off him, with just the head inside me, and then sunk down on him, inch by inch, until he was all the way in my pussy. Then I did that again, and midway through I was sent over the edge with a strong orgasm. I felt his hand grip my hips and pull me down on him completely, and his hips thrust up as he released inside me.

I collapsed over on his chest and lay there, until our pounding heartbeats started to slow down, and then rolled off him. We lay side by side, our hands entwined. We didn't talk, dozing off, both exhausted. Whether or not we would try this again, well, we would wait and see, but it had definitely been a good experience for both of us.