 It had been three, agonizing weeks since I fucked Marcela in our common room. Now, the bitch was pretending as if nothing had happened at all, and I was seething. I was so sure while I was pistoning in and out of that perfect pussy that she would be giving it up to me on the regular. I guess that had been naïve.

The worst part is she kept seeing that jackass Wendell, and his nervous little visits to our apartment became longer and more frequent. I could hear her giggling and slurping away at his cock, or her bed banging against the wall, or her faking an amazing orgasm.

And to rub salt in the wound, even when we were alone together, Marcela seemed to be having more fun than ever with our arrangement. She'd leave her panties out on the floor by "accident", she'd come home every other afternoon with an ice cream cone, or a bag of ice from the convenience store which she'd take out by the handful and rub all over her body. "It's so hot!" she'd say. How absurd! What a cliché! Even more embarrassing was that I would fall for it every time and retreat to my room to stroke myself off.

The only way I could escape her incessant teasing was to spend as much time away from my apartment as possible. I had started to see another actress named Katelyn - which I knew would annoy Marcela because Katelyn had been in her class at conservatory. Katelyn was tall, had long, dark hair, a pierced nose and tattoos on her arms and lower back. She was fun, but I was starting to pick up disturbing signals from her that she wanted to take the relationship to the next level.

Unfortunately for her, I don't do girlfriends.

The other nice thing about Katelyn was that she was one of those LA trust fund kids with parents in the biz. Marcela and I had no outside support and were always juggling annoying day jobs just to get by month to month. It was a relief and a pleasure to spend time in Katelyn's obnoxiously nice, high rise apartment. This building had everything - a gym, a pool, and best of all, a rooftop hot tub which was left pretty much unoccupied in the summer months.

Katelyn protested at first, but after a lot of smooth talking, I had finally convinced her to join me up there for a bit of rest and relaxation. Now here we were, making out in the hot tub, and I wanted to test my limits. My hand moved up and down her back and my fingers entangled themselves in her bikini top strings. With a bit of tugging, the top came loose, and fell into the bubbling water, floating to the top like a lily pad.

"Don't," Katelyn whined, but it was a half hearted protest.

"It'll be fine," I assured her. "No one's going to come up here."

Katelyn's breasts were large and round. Bigger than Marcela's with darker nipples. I pinched one of her nipples between my fingers and rolled it gently, and she groaned. My cock was hard, and I took her slim hand and put it on it. Her hand just rested there for a moment and she looked with some nervousness into my eyes.

"Rub my cock," I clarified.

"James-"

"Do you want to stop?" I asked, pinching her nipple.

She shook her head, and obediently took my cock out of my trunks, rubbing it up and down in her fist.

I put my head back and enjoyed, gently thrusting into her palm.

"Is this good?" she asked, which annoyed me. She was easier than Marcela, but she certainly lacked her confidence.

"Why don't you put your lips on it?" I suggested, pushing myself up to a sitting position on the ledge, my cock pointing up and out. She positioned herself between my legs and began bobbing her head up and down, pleasuring me with her wet lips and tongue. 

"Play with your tits for me while you do it," I added. And as she complied I started thrusting slowly in and out of her mouth. As I stared at her tits, I lost myself in a day dream of Marcela's pink tongue and her white hand around my shaft...

I groaned, thrusting faster. "Do you want me to cum in your mouth?" I asked.

She nodded and I took her dark hair in my hands, pumping away, closing my eyes... I could almost hear Marcela's obnoxious little fake laugh as I brought myself closer to orgasm. And the sound of the roof door squeaking open.

My eyes fluttered open and my heart fell into my feet.

"What the fuck?!" I shouted, startling Katelyn.

There she was in all her glory, wearing a polka dot bikini and a big grin. "Sorry, I thought this was a communal area," she sneered.

Her doofus lover Wendell was a few steps behind her. I hated that guy. Not only was he a dirt bag who cheated on his wife, but also some kind of politician with a Stanford degree, and... well, I hated to admit it, but a pretty good looking guy in a bathing suit with his stupid hair cut and hard abs.

A good looking guy who was getting some from Marcela while she flouted my attention day after day.

Katelyn was screaming and trying to cover herself. "What are you doing here?!"

"Oh, I told the doorman we were friends. Didn't James tell you to be expecting us? He said something about a nice rooftop."

"I did not..." I began but it was too late for reason.

"What, were you trying to set me up?!" Katelyn said, whirling on me.

"No way!"

"This is so embarrassing," Katelyn cried, grabbing her towel, and running back inside.

Casually Marcella fished out Katelyn's bikini top from the hot tub and held it up in front of her.

"Boy she has big tits. Maybe you should call her back, I didn't even get a good look at them."

I considered running after her, but what exactly was I supposed to do? My chances of getting off had pretty much plummeted to zero, and besides consoling her in a situation like this could easily escalate into some touchy-feely stuff that might give her the wrong idea about my intentions.

"I hate you," I said.

"Nice erection," she said, lowering herself into the tub.

I didn't bother to hide it. If anything I hoped it made Wendell feel more uncomfortable. I looked up at him, and smiled.

"What kind of named is Wendell anyway?" I asked.

"A German once," he said, gazing at my cock. But I noticed he didn't exactly look uncomfortable.

Well this was getting weird.

"I'll just leave you too alone," I suggested, standing.

"What, you gonna go down to the lobby with that thing sticking out like a flag?" Marcela teased.

She had a good point.

"Well maybe somebody should finish it off," I suggested, glancing at Wendell to see his reaction. He looked angry. Flustered. But maybe a little turned on as well.

"Not interested," sighed Marcela, leaning back, closing her eyes, showing off her cleavage. "I'm too busy thinking about your girlfriend," she said, punching the word, knowing it was like a dagger to my heart. "I used to look at her a lot in acting class. What a rack. I'd love to lick one of those nipples. Did you get a taste, James?"

"... Not today," I said, burning inside.

"You're always in such a hurry," she smirked. "'Suck me off,' 'Let me fuck you'. You never take your time for the smaller pleasures."

"I sucked your nipples," I said boldly, snapping Marcela out of it.

"JAMES!"

Wendell had his poker face on. If this was news to him, he wasn't going to show it.

"In fact I'd like to suck them right now."

Marcela's face burned with anger and passion. She glared at me, and then looked to Wendell who I noticed was sporting a flag of his own. A calm came over her face, and she smiled sweetly at him.

"Wendell," she said in a sing-song voice. "Would you like to watch my idiot roommate suck my tits?"

Wendell made a barely audible noise and nodded once.

I couldn't believe my luck!

Marcela reached behind her back and casually undid her top.

"Alright," she said, relaxing in the tub. "Let's see what you can do."

Well this was unexpected. I'd never had a woman like this right in front of another man. But I can't say it wasn't something I wasn't willing to try.

I stepped back into the hot tub, and positioned myself in front of her. She raised herself slightly out of the water, so her perky tits were in full view. I stuck out my tongue, and began licking them one at a time gingerly. She giggled, glancing over my shoulder at Wendell.

I put her right pink nipple between my teeth and then sucked on it gently before moving on to the left.

In the hot water my cock was aching for release. Maybe Marcella thought I was impatient, but could you really blame me when she was always working me into a frenzy?

I stood suddenly, my cock pointing right at her face. She looked up at me startled.

"Do what she was doing," I commanded. "I think it's only fair."

Marcela smiled. "I would never do what she was doing. She was amateur hour - when I suck cock, I'm a true artist."

"Show me," I urged pushing my cock closer to her pink lips. She smiled, and I slowly parted her lips with the head of my cock.

She responded by wrapping her lips around the tip of my cock and licking softly underneath. I moaned. She ran her lips up and down the tip a few times, before wrapping one of her hands around my shaft.

"Nuh-uh-uh," I scolded. "If you'll remember. She was playing with those big tits."

She complied with her blue eyes, and began squeezing and massaging her tits as she expertly sucked my dick hands free.

"To tell you the truth, I wanted to fuck her tits," I said as my breath quickened. "Your tits aren't quite big enough so I guess you can't do everything she can..."

The tip of my cock head popped out of her mouth. "You were not," she retorted. "When we walked up here, you looked like you were about to cum all over her face."

I reddend. "How about I cum all over your face?"

I filled her mouth with my cock and she groaned. I now began to fuck her face with enthusiasm, groaning as she squealed and slurped away in delight. I was close now, and knowing Wendell was watching made it all the sweeter. I put my hands in her blonde wavy hair, steadying her face as i fucked it. With a final grunt, I started to cum - the first shot right in her mouth, and then I pulled out quickly so that Wendell could see me cum all over his fuck buddy.

"Very good," I cooed at her. "Now I bet you're very horny, aren't you?"

She looked pleadingly up at Wendell, who looked at her icily. She propped herself up on the ledge of the tub, peeling her bikini bottom off so she was completely naked and spreading her legs. She grinned at him flirtatiously, daring him to fuck her.

But to both of our surprise, he stepped forward, dropping his swim trunks, and shoved his cock into her mouth too.

My cum was still all over her face as she quickly recovered from her surprise and started to suck him too. I could see her hands inching towards her pussy to give herself some relief but I quickly took hold of them, holding them behind her back as Wendell fucked her face, grunting away.

"That's it, suck you little slut," he growled quietly. "Suck me off just like your friend."

"I bet you're nice and wet right now," I added, making both of the others groan. "I hope Katelyn comes back and sees what you look like now all covered in our cum."

With that Wendell was cumming big globs of spunk all over her face and tits. I was hard again, and as much as it delighted me to imagine taking turns fucking her face with Wendell all night, I wanted to see her cum and I wanted to be the first to make her.

I quickly released her hands and reached around to her sopping wet pussy, glistening with heat. I rubbed her clit in circles and then dipped my middle finger up inside her which caused her to cry out. I quickly took it away.

"On your knees," I commanded and she kneeled by the side of the pool, dripping wet.

I positioned my cock between her cunt lips and forced the head in with a quick thrust. She was so wet I entered her wet channel with little resistance. I reached around to tease her clit as I fucked her, listening to her exquisite moans of pleasure.

Suddenly I became aware that the roof door was a crack open. I hoped to God that was Katelyn watching her friend and rival get pummeled. The though excited me so I began to fuck faster as Wendell positioned his rapidly hardening cock again in front of her face. She began to lick his cock and balls hungrily until he was hard as he could be and then his cock began disappearing between her lips.

She started cumming so hard I could feel her clenching my cock with her pussy. Wave after wave of orgasm left her visibly weakened and exhausted.

Having both already spilled our seed all over her once, Wendell and I fucked her for quite a while after her orgasm, picking up speed as we used her cunt and mouth for our own pleasure. 

Finally Wendell came first, this time all in her mouth so she quickly had to swallow. Some of his cum dribbled out of the side of her lips, the sight of which sent me over the edge and I came and came all over her ass.

I heard the roof door slam shut as Marcella collapsed into the hot tub in a heap.

I grinned at Wendell as he was catching his breath. Perhaps I had the wrong idea of the guy after all.