 I met Erica through my roommate. She was a freshmen who was a free spirit, into experiencing the new things in college. She was a fun girl to be around, as well as quite attractive, so when I didn’t have a date to my fraternity’s formal, which was held in Savannah, Georgia that year., I invited her to come along. We went down for the weekend and stayed at a hotel near the beach. It was a good time, as all of the guys stayed pretty drunk and all of the women took the opportunity to wear their bikinis and work on their tans. Erica brought hers down, and I was treated to the sight of her ripe, young tits and curvy 18 year old figure.

I had gotten to know Erica a little better on the drive down, and I could tell that she was flirtatious and adventurous. I didn’t know that she was more than willing to have a good time this weekend. We hung out and got really drunk the first night, and passed out rather late. The next day we went to lunch and tried to recover from the damage we did to ourselves the previous evening. Erica and I went back to our room to smoke a joint and change into our swimsuits to go down to the beach.

I got changed and came back into the room to find Erica sitting on the edge of the bed in a dark green bikini that left very little to the imagination. She had straight dark shoulder length hair that flowed as she turned her head to look at me. I had to concentrate hard not to get a hardon as I looked at her smooth, young body. She wasn’t your typical skinny freshmen, as she had already filled out with large, firm breasts and curvy hips around a nice round ass. She played soccer in high school, so underneath her soft round curves was an athletic body and a flat stomach. She looked at me with her big green eyes and asked me to come over and put some lotion on before we went down to the beach. I went over and began to rub some into her shoulders. She sighed as I continued my massage, and I took the opportunity to look over her shoulder and down her smooth cleavage. I was lost in the sights when Erica turned around to put some lotion on me. When she did her tits pressed into the enormous hardon that I had developed while staring at those wonderful melons.

Erica was startled by the feeling of my hard cock pressing against her tits. She pulled away, but before I could cover myself she had seen the large bulge in my shorts. Her expression changed from shock to wonder as she saw the size of the tent my organ was making. After an uncomfortable moment she pulled my hands away from my crotch and placed hers on my hard dick, slowly rubbing it through the material of my suit. She looked up at me and smiled, “Did my big titties turn you on, Michael?” she cooed, as she arched her back and let her tits press against the small top she was wearing. I groaned as her sultry voice and gentle hands brought even more blood rushing into my cock, causing it to swell even bigger.

Erica felt my cock swell in her hand and moaned slightly. She pulled down the waistband of my shorts, and my engorged dick sprang free and almost slapped her in the face. Erica gasped and immediately wrapped her hand around my shaft and began slowly pumping as she admired my dick. A drop of cum oozed from the tip and she used it to lubricate the length of my shaft as she continued to jack me off. I reached behind her and untied the string that held her melons in her top, and watched as her nice big tits bounced free. The part of her breasts covered by her top was slightly less tan than the rest of her body, making her cherry nipples stand out.

Erica grabbed both of her tits and pinched her already hard nipples, and moaned as she looked up to see me resume pumping my cock. “Oh yeah, jack off for me, I want to see you cum!” she moaned, as she cupped her tits in her hands to show to me. “Do you like my big titties?” she asked as she held them up for my inspection. In response I took my drooling cock and began rubbing it back and forth across her smooth titflesh, smearing her boobs with precum. Erica moaned and pressed her tits against my cock as I jacked off against her soft, jiggly breasts.

Just then the door opened, and my friend Jeff came in. “Hey guys, when are you going down to the beach...”, he trailed off as he saw me rubbing my dick all over Erica’s large tits. Both Erica and I were too turned on to stop, as she continued to moan and press her boobs against my hardon. Jeff stood openmouthed and watched, his dick rapidly hardening in his shorts. After a minute we looked over at him, and Erica breathed lustily, “Let me see that hard dick, Jeff.” 

Brought back to his senses, Jeff walked over to the bed and dropped his shorts and she reached out to stroke his cock as I continued to slap and poke her fleshy tits with my hardon. Erica reached down and began jerking my cock as well, and started to work herself into a frenzy stroking two hard, drooling dicks. She began to breathe faster and moan, looking back and forth between our cocks and watching the cum roll out over her hands as she pumped them.

“I want you both to shoot your cum all over me! I want you to cum on my big tits!” Erica cried in lust as she pumped our dicks and rubbed them on her hard nipples. I looked over at Jeff and suggested that we take turns fucking her tits. Erica moaned at the idea, and held her tits together. I let Jeff go first, and stepped to the side to watch my buddy fuck my date’s tits. 

“Oooooh, slap my tits with that cock, stud..” Erica cooed sluttily as Jeff rubbed his drooling boner all over her nipples and tits. He started to slide his dick in between her tits as she pressed them around his throbbing cock. Jeff started to really tittyfuck her hard and fast, causing her tits to bounce and ripple as he pounded his dick between her melons. I stroked my raging hardon and moved over next to them to rub my dick on Erica’s hard nipples. Erica moaned and arched her back, pressing her tits into our hard cocks.

Jeff pulled his cock from her cleavage and began to slap her titties, causing her titflesh to jiggle and ripple as he beat his cock against her. I followed suit, cockslapping Erica’s big titties and causing her to moan and have a series of small orgasms. She was really getting off on the attention she was getting from two dicks. Jeff moved up onto the bed and started to rub his cock all over Erica’s face. She took his drooling cock in her mouth and began to bob her head as I continued to cockslap her tits and fuck her cleavage. 

Erica’s face and breasts were glistening under a sheen of precum as she continued to use her hands, mouth, and tits to pump our cocks. The more cum we spewed all over her, the more turned on she became. All of us were getting more and more frantic and intense as we each began getting closer and closer to orgasm. Erica was sucking Jeff’s dick insistently, moaning around his shaft as she squeezed her tits together around my cock. Jeff began to buck his hips as he fed Erica his cock, and I began to bang her tits harder as I watched her suck his dick. Jeff muttered that he was going to cum, and Erica pulled his dick out of her mouth and started frantically jacking him off. “I want both of you studs to spray your hot cum all over my big tits!” she cried. This was too much for me to handle, and I could feel the cum boiling in my balls, ready for escape.

Jeff and I stood in front of Erica as she sat on the edge of the bed. She arched her back and cupped her big tits in her hands, holding them up for us and giving us a nice big target to aim for. We started stroking our dicks as she begged for us to soak her down. Both Jeff and I were furiously pumping our cocks, our fists a blur as Erica stared wide-eyed at the two dicks about to explode all over her. Jeff groaned and pointed his dick at her tits, sending a huge gout of cum directly into her cleavage. Erica gasped as his hot cum splattered her breasts, and he pumped his fist and sent a stream of jizz from her shoulder down across one of her tits. She arched her back and threw her head back as he more of his cum rained down onto her tits and chest. The sight was too much for me to take, and I yelled that I was going to cum. Erica moved her tits in front of my dick as a thick wad of cum poured from my cock into her cleavage. Erica squealed and thrust her tits up at me as Jeff shot the rest of his load across her beautiful breasts. “That’s right boys, cum all over my tits! Cover them with your hot cum!” she shouted between breaths. I pointed my dick at her and let loose a torrent of jizz, sending large streams of cum across both of her tits, coating her entire chest with semen. Erica orgasmed as my hot cum splattered across her big tits, shaking and shuddering and rubbing our cum into her tits. 

Jeff collected his wits and thanked me for letting him in on our fun, he left to go down to the beach. Erica was lying on the bed with her eyes closed, slowly rubbing her pussy through her bikini with one hand and massaging our cum into her tits with the other. Watching her my dick began to grow once again. Erica opened her eyes and looked up at me, smiling. “Do you think you could spray me down with that big dick one more time before we go down to the beach?” she asked coyly. She reached up and wrapped her hand around my thick shaft, causing it to jump and swell further. “I’ll see what I can do.” I told her, moving to straddle her body. She continued to jack me off as I reached down to play with her wet tits, squeezing them and tweaking her hard nipples. I held her tits up as she began rubbing my dick on her nipples. “I loved the feeling of you slapping my tits with your dick,” she moaned as she started to get worked up again. I took my cock in my hand as she cupped her tits together and started cockslapping her tits, and once again my drooling cockhead began swell and leak precum. Erica was in heaven, urging me to slap, spank, and fuck her big tits. She squeezed them together as I leaned over and slid my dick into her cleavage. I took it nice and slow this time, enjoying the sensation of my dick sliding between her breasts. 

Soon Erica began to get excited and started begging me to fuck her tits and cum all over them.

“Uh, fuck my tits....oh yeah Mike, fuck them hard....Oh, Oh, cum all over me....Uh, Uh...”

Soon her verbal encouragement had me banging her tits as hard as I could, drooling cum all over her cleavage. With a yell I pulled my dick out from between her tits and sat back on my knees jacking my dick. 

“Cum all over my tits!” Erica yelled, pulling herself up onto her elbows and cupping her tits in front of my swollen dick. We both looked at the head of my cock as I jacked it. I pointed my dick at her heaving breasts and started spraying them with cum. I used my cock like a hose, aiming it back and forth across her chest and soaking her tits with thick streams of cum. Erica screamed and came as I sprayed her with hot cum. Erica slowly stopped bucking and writhing in orgasm and settled down, rubbing her tits and purring like a cat. “I think we are going to have some fun this weekend.” she said, looking up at me with a sly grin.