 This story is pure fantasy. This story contains anal sex without protection. I do not condone unprotected sexual activities. Always protect yourself against STD's. Use a condom. If gay or bi-sexual sex disturbs you, this story is not for you.

.............................................

Jean and I needed to have our furnace replaced. We called a few companies for quotes and finally decided on one. We scheduled them to install the furnace on Friday afternoon. One of us needed to be home all day as they were not sure if it would be morning or afternoon.

Friday came and Jean and I decided that I would take the day off. I was happy that we had a warm day. We did not need to worry about heating the place.

It was about 9:30 when the installer arrived. He introduced himself as Theo and got right to removing our old furnace. He had been working for about an hour when he called up to me asking for some help. I went down to the furnace room. He was having trouble getting it past the wash basin. We got that done and out to the garage.

While we were in the garage he noticed my collection of RC airplanes. We chatted about them for a bit. 

As we were talking Theo saw a bag of old porn Jean and I were getting rid of. I guess I was a bit embarrassed by this. He could tell because my face turned beet red. He picked one out of the bag to look at the cover. It was just a general screw flick. Theo said not to worry about being embarrassed. Most people watch porn from time to time. He also added it was not what he would like to watch. I'm not into regular porn. I asked him what kind of porn does he like watching. He answered gay porn. I'm gay. Theo asked if I had ever watched gay porn. I had once or twice, but just short clips from the internet. 

Theo asked if I liked watching other men having sex. I thought to myself his question was a bit unprofessional, but I answered him anyway. I thought it was interesting, a bit exciting because it was different and a bit taboo. 

Have you ever thought of having sex with another man? I answered that the wife and I have talked about what it would be like watching each other playing with someone of the same sex. But neither one of us really wanted it to happen.

It seems like you and the wife have a good sex life? Yes we do. I answered.

Theo went back to work installing our new furnace. 

I went upstairs to think about Theo and my conversation in the garage. It made me think of conversations Jean and I have had about how it gets us excited thinking about watching each other with someone of the same sex. 

We have tried using some toys before. We have toys that look like real cocks and a pussy. Jean and I have both enjoyed using them. Jean has also used a strapon on me. I sucked her toy and then she took me in the backside. But I've never been interested in men before, but the fantasy game Jean and I have played seemed to work for both of us. I love the feeling of Jean screwing me in the ass.

I kind of figured that's where it would end. I was dead wrong.

Theo called to me asking for some help. I went down stairs to the laundry room. He needed some help positioning some blocks to help level the furnace. I had to kneel down to do this. As I did this he was standing behind me and as far as I could tell purposefully rubbed his crotch across my shoulder. It was obvious he was partly hard and he wanted me to know it.

We got done leveling the furnace and I stood up ready to go back upstairs. Theo stopped me and asked if I could feel him when he brushed up against me. Yes I could and asked him if he was trying to seduce me? Honestly, Yes I am. 

Why? I asked.

Theo thought I was good looking. He also pointed out when I stood up I had a bulge in my shorts.

I really don't have a desire to have sex with a man. It's just a fantasy I have with Jean.

Theo put it this way. If you want to try and learn I would be happy to help you out with making your fantasy become reality!

I told him I might think it over. I'm going back upstairs and work on a few things. Let me know when you are done.

I actually thought about Theo's offer. Until now I would have never thought that another man could excite me but the lump in my shorts was proof otherwise. I thought to myself. I'm a happily married man. Should I even think about going down this road? Could I tell Jean about it if it did happen? The more I thought about it, the more excited I became. I tried to put it out of my mind but I could not stop thinking about having sex with Theo. I'll be honest, I was curious.

Theo got done installing the furnace and came upstairs to let me know and do a quick test of the system. He asked if I would need any help programming the thermostat. I told him no, but I may need help with something else. With an inquisitive look on his face He asked what? I told him since he asked me if I wanted to learn I have not been able to stop thinking about his offer. A big smile came across his face and he asked if I changed my mind. I had changed my mind but I am afraid. Without another word he moved closer to me and kissed me. My head started to swim. I wondered if I was making the right choice. Theo could tell I was tense and he asked me to relax and let's let it happen. 

He leaned in at me again only this time kissed me with a little more. He put his tongue in my mouth. It felt good enough I started kissing back. We kissed for what seemed like hours but it was only a minute or so. He pulled back away from me and asked how it was. Ok I guess I answered.

How far do you want to go? Reaching down, rubbing my cock through my shorts. All I could muster was teach me. Lets start with taking our shirts off. Both of us did and I learned he has a shaven chest. It looked kind of sexy. He definatly worked out a bit. He took my hand and brought it to his chest. His chest was very soft. He moved my hand around his chest, stopping at one of his nipples asked do you like how they feel. They were small like mine and very hard. Using his other hand he touched one of my nipples. Do you like me touching your nipples? I nodded my head yes.

Theo let go of my hand and reached down and started undoing my shorts, letting them drop to the floor. What happened next caught me a little off guard. He knelt down in front of me. I could feel his breath through my underwear. It only made me get harder. He reached around me and rubbed my rear end. He fondled my ass cheeks with his fingers. Nice butt! 

Then faster than you can snap your fingers he had my thong down on the floor. As he looked at my cock he thought it nice that I shaved my privates. I was hard as a rock! 

He looked up at me and asked if I was ok with this? I answer yes but wondered what he was going to do next? He looked back down at me carefully cupped my shaft in one hand. He moved closer. I could again feel his breath on myself. He licked the precum that had formed at the tip. You taste sweet. Then he slowly enveloped my cock into his mouth, sliding his tongue back and forth on the bottom side of my shaft. He reached and touched my balls. He sucked on me in and out for bit then moved back out to the head, ever so slightly sucking the head in and out past his lips. I thought I would cum right then!

He let go of me and asked if we could move into the living room? I just nodded yes. As we moved to the living room Theo asked, how was your first blow job given by a man? It was very different beside the fact it's the first time I had ever kissed a man let alone having a man lick or suck on my privates. It felt very good!

Would you like to try the same thing I just did to you? He asked. Yes I answered tentatively. How should I start? Why don't you do the same as I did with you? Shaking I knelt down in front of him. Undid his belt, unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped his fly. I started to have a hard time getting his jeans off. I stood up and he helped me by taking them off. I reached out to touch his chest again. I took my first lick of his nipple. Feeling how hard they had become. I moved down and knelt in front of him again. I touched his cock through his underwear. He was just as hard as I was. He had some precum showing through his underwear. I touched the wet spot for a bit. His cock twitched a bit when I did this. 

Through all of this Theo did not say a word.

I slipped my fingers into the waistband of his underwear and slowly worked them off. As I got them passed his cock it sprang out hitting me in the forehead. 

Theo laughed a bit.

I let his underwear drop to the floor. I looked straight at his cock. He was clean shaven just like me and about 5 inches long. I was mesmerized!

Are you okay with this?" he asked again. 

I nodded my head yes and then touched his cock for the first time. The skin of his cock was very soft. I stroked his cock with my fingertips. He had a drop of precum on the tip of his cock. Go ahead. He said. You can lick it. I hesitantly held his cock in my hand and licked the precum off the tip. How did that taste Theo asked. Just like me! I've tasted my own precum before. I continued to slowly lick the head of his cock, savoring its softness compared to the hard shaft. I put the head in my mouth and sucked it softly. Theo moaned again as I did this. Trying to gather some confidence I took his cock into my mouth feeling its softness. 

Theo said he was getting tired of standing. He thought we could lie down next to each other and touch, feel and suck each other.

We moved the table out of the way to give us some room. 

We lay down in the middle of the floor on our sides. Theo made the first move and began to suck on my cock again. 

I could not help thinking to myself. I'm having sex with a man! It was feeling so good I rolled over onto my back giving him better access to me. He moved over closer to me. I thought he was going to suck my cock again but he started liking my balls. It felt so good! 

Theo asked me, do you like having your balls licked by a man? I do for sure! 

For some reason I was becoming comfortable being with another man. 

He stopped what he was doing and asked me to roll over on my stomach. He started rubbing my back. He worked his way down to my butt. Theo spread my legs apart and did something I did not expect. He spread my ass cheeks and I felt something wet. It was his tongue. He slowly started licking between my cheeks and softly licked my ass. The only person that has ever done that to me has been Jean. Theo asked if I like having my ass licked. Yes, but Jean is the only one who has ever done it to me. He continued to lick my ass and then stopped. He asked me to get up on all fours. He moved in behind me. I once again felt the wetness of his tongue. He started at the top of my butt and moved his way down to my balls. Gently sucking on each one of them then moving back up again. As he licked he stopped at my ass and kind of pushed on it with his tongue. As he did this Theo took my cock into one hand and started stroking me. The combination was something I already knew. As his tongue played with my ass I felt a pressure as he pushed his tongue into my backside. 

This was all getting to much for me and I asked him to stop for now. I rolled over onto my back and we lay quietly next to each other of awhile.

He asked a question. How do you like man sex so far and why did you decide to try? I answered him. The man sex has been very interesting. Licking and sucking your cock was better than I thought it would be. I'm still not sure about the kissing. I have sometimes wondered what it would be like to get a man off. Remember I'm not gay, just curious. But I guess it's more than just curiosity. Well that's interesting because you've been doing ok for a first timer. 

I asked Theo if this was the first time he had tried to seduce some guy you had just met. He had not and that he has a long term life partner. 

Then why are you doing this? I asked.

He thought for a bit and then gave me a very honest answer. My partner Steve has had a weight problem for a few years. I love him with all my heart but I'm not getting some of the things I need. I saw that you might be open to the idea and I took the risk with you. I've been having fun! Thank you for this!

We both just quietly lay next to each other for a bit but I was thinking it was my turn to give Theo pleasure! 

I rolled over onto my side and reached over to him. I started by just slowly rubbing his chest and working my way down to his cock. I played with his cock and messaged his balls. I thought about how Jean would do this. I rolled a bit further over and took his cock into my mouth again, this time taking his whole length onto my mouth. As I sucked on his cock my mouth started to get tired. Now I understand why women can have a hard time with this! I started using just my tongue on his shaft and stroking him with my hand. As I did this more precum came out of the head of his cock. I licked it from the tip. It really did taste good! I moved down to his balls and gently licked them. They were soft and hard just like his cock. I continued playing with his balls, stroking his cock all the while. For the first time I found I was really enjoying sucking a man's cock!

We were so into what we were doing both of us did not hear the garage door open.

Jean came up the steps to find us lying on the living room floor and me sucking Theo's cock.

She said to us. Sorry to interrupt but I'm home. Theo and I stood up to face Jean. She did not say anything more then turned away and walked down the hall to our bedroom without saying another word.

Theo started to pickup his clothes and started to get dressed.

Jean came back out from the bedroom and said where the hell are you going? You two started something. I want to watch you finish! With that Theo dropped his clothes to the floor and introduced himself to her. Hi I'm Theo! What would you like us to do? Theo asked. Jean replied I want to see Pete suck your cock. Theo looked at me and said you heard the lady. With that I got down on my knees in front of him. I looked at Jean as I slowly took his cock into my mouth. She had this wonderful look of lust on her face! Jean asked if I liked sucking Theo's cock. I was able get out a quick yes. I continued sucking him, taking him in my mouth as far as I could. I stroked him with my right hand, milking the precum from him, letting my tongue circle the tip of his cock tasting the precum as it oozed out. 

Do you like how Theo tastes? Jean asked. Ah hum as I tried to answer with is cock in my mouth. I caressed his balls with my left hand. I could feel his balls tighten up and wondered if he was ready to cum. I stopped and asked him if he wanted me to make him cum? I want to get you off!

Theo said no not yet. Let's take a break. 

..................................................................................................................................................................

During our break I could not help looking at Theo's cock! I think I was becoming a cock lover! I wanted more!

Jean what would you like to see your husband and I do? Theo inquired. She thought for a moment. How about some 69 with Theo on top of Pete?

Wanting to please my wife I lay down on the floor. Theo climbed on top of me and immediately engulfed my cock in his mouth. It felt so good! I had to ask him so slow down a bit. I looked up at his cock dangling down over my face. A drip of precum was developing on the tip. I waited for it to get bigger until it dripped like a string down to my waiting tongue. I let my tongue follow the string back up to the tip. Tasting how sweet it was. I kissed the tip then moved his cock out of the way and started carefully sucking his balls. Theo moaned and stopped to tell me how good it felt. I was able to look over to Jean. She had one hand down her pants and was playing with herself. Not only were we enjoying this. So was she!

As I sucked on Theo's balls I started rubbing his butt cheeks with one hand. He kind of moved around asking for something. He stopped sucking me and asked me to rub his ass with one of my fingers. I licked my middle finger and began to make circles around his ass. It felt strange and soft. Oh yeah. That feels nice Theo told me. Now push your finger inside of me. I tried to push my finger up his backside but did not have a good angle. Plus I was afraid of hurting him. I asked him to let me up and for him to get on all fours. I moved around behind Theo. Jean saw what was happening and quickly went to get a bottle of lube. She had done this to me. Jean came back and handed me the bottle of lube.

I asked her if she wanted to watch up close. She said no, I'm enjoying seeing the look on our faces and watching the action in front of me!

I put some lube on my finger and lubed his backside. I put my finger against his ass and Theo started pushing back at my finger. With the lube it was very easy to put my finger inside of him. That's it! Finger my ass! I kept thinking to myself. Wow! I can't believe I'm doing this! I put my finger in as far as I could and curled my finger toward his cock. I felt something a bit different. Theo let out a huge moan! Did I find your man spot? I asked. Yes! He replied. It feels so good! I reached around and under him and began stroking his cock in rhythm with my finger in and out of his ass. His cock was as hard as a rock. He started to buck his hips thrusting his cock in and out of my hand.

Do you want Pete to make you cum? Jean asked Theo said yes but not yet. 

I stopped fingering his ass. He rolled over on his back. His cock was standing almost straight up. He said. Ok I'm ready. I want to watch you get me off. I quickly went into the kitchen to wash my hands stopping to kiss Jean. She pulled her hand out of her shorts and gave me a taste of her now drenched pussy. I came back out into the living room and knelt down between Theo's legs. I leaned over to lick the precum that had dripped out of the tip of his cock and onto his stomach, savoring the sweet taste. It was flowing out of him like a river. I took him into my mouth. Please get me off! Theo almost pleaded.

I slowly started to stroke him with my hand. I leaned over and let my lips touch the head of his cock. Then letting the head of his cock slowly pass my lips tasting his precum once again. I increased my speed. Sucking and stroking Theo's cock. I started rubbing his balls with my other hand. I felt them start to contract. I knew he was close. I sped up a bit more. Theo said. That's right. Get me off! It was not much longer and he was almost there. I felt his cock twitch just like mine does. He started to raise his hips to meet my strokes. He started moaning louder. Make me cum! I switched from sucking him to stroking him with my hand. He started to cum! I think I got a little taste of his cum as I pulled my mouth off of him. He was cuming! I pumped his cock with my hand. Feeling it pulse as his cum came shooting out onto his stomach and my hand. I kept stroking him until he asked me to stop. His cock and cum felt so hot! I let his cum run down my fingers and rubbed his freshly cum cock with it.

I had gotten my first man off!

Little did we know, Theo and I were going to get a show of our own! We looked over at Jean. She had stripped down and was playing with her pussy with wild abandon! You could see the juices flowing out of her! I moved over to Jean and I dove right in. Her pussy had never tasted so good! It wasn't going to take her long to cum. I put a finger into her. She grabbed my head and held me to her pussy. Making sure I would not move away. She screamed out as she came!

What an afternoon!

..................................................................................................................................................................
