 None of the names are real in this story or the first one or the future ones. Thanks to Angel Love for editing assistance with this story. The same day in class.

*

"John?"

"What? I am sorry I was a little distracted by something," I said that with a wink.

"See me after class," she said with a wink, and then turns back to the board shaking her ass a little.

I stared at her for the rest of class and she makes sure to pick other people and not pick me so I can get a good look at my little slut. She shook a few more times and when she lets us all do our homework I ask for some help. I asked a dumb question; the whole time I was just staring at her cleavage as she bent over to talk to me. She saw what I was doing and she played along and when we were done she stood back up and walked back to her desk. The student next to me saw her cleavage too and said how I was lucky. I laughed to myself and told him to ask her a question to see her cleavage also and he did.

"Mrs. Smith can you help me?"

"I sure can," she said

"Well this is going to be very fun," he said to me.

When she got there he looked up and he got so sad when he saw that she pulled her sweater up so her cleavage was gone. I laughed so hard. He asked his dumb question and she left.

"Well that was freakin' hilarious," I said while laughing.

"Shut up," he said.

I looked over at her and she winked at me and I winked back but nothing else happened for the rest of the class but I kept making fun of the guy next to me, which I really enjoyed since it annoyed him. 

After the class ended I stayed in her classroom and when the last person left I closed the door and locked it. I walked over to her desk and I caught her with her hand under skirt. 

"I was rubbing myself through the whole class when I was sitting down. Seeing you in class after this morning got me so hot I had too and it really was a turn on knowing someone may have seen me doing it."

"MMMMmmmm you naughty girl. You need to be punished." I pick her up and bent her over while she was still rubbing herself and I started spanking her and she started cumming from the spank. I got under her and lowered her down on my face and started licking up the cum. After I was through I got up from under her.

"Now it is my turn."

"Not now."

"What? Why? Did I do something wrong?"

"NO it is not you baby. I love you but the neighborhood fuckfest is tomorrow and I want you to be nice and full because you are going to be used a lot tomorrow." After she said that she winked at me and kissed me passionately allowing her to taste her own juices. 

"Alright I guess I can wait but I am just glad that this didn't end because I don't know what I would do if it did."

She gave me a passionate kiss and said, "Well I think you better go so we don't have the urge to go any farther. I will call you later about the details for tomorrow."

"K bye." I spanked her and she moaned and purred and I left for my next class. My last class I got a phone call and it is her. She told me that the fuckfest is tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. at a certain address which I wrote down on my hand. 

"MMMmmm I can't want till tomorrow. I don't know how I am going to be able to not pleasure myself tonight."

"Believe me John it will be worth your while not to pleasure yourself tonight."

It was hard getting through that night but I eventually did. When I got up the next morning I was already sporting a huge hard on because I knew what was going to happen. I really was tempted to get off but I didn't but I didn't want to walk around with that raging hard on before it was time for the party so I took a cold shower. I made sure to get thoroughly clean and the water made my hard on go away. I shaved and made sure I was properly groomed and I even went got a hair cut. I knew it was time so I got in my car and drove to the location. It was a gorgeous mansion. 

I drove up to the gate pushed the call button. A voice said, "What is your name and what fuckfest are you here for?"

I was shocked by his blatancy about the fuckfests going on inside the house. I replied, "My name is John and I am here for the neighborhood fuckfest."

"Alright sir I see you on the list so go right in and have fun."

The gates opened and I drove in. The driveway was very long and lined with a bunch of statues; all of a sexual nature. Some of the statues were just images of naked girls or naked guys and there were some with guys and girls and some with girls and girls. Even the bushes were shaped into cocks or breasts or vaginas or even of asses. When I got to the end of the driveway most of the parking spaces were filled but I end but finding a space in the front. 

I walked up to the front door and noticed that the door handles were a naked guy and a naked girl. Of course I opened the door with the girl handle. I walked in and again everything there was sexually based. I walk up to a podium where a hot woman was standing COMPLETELY NAKED. I was really taken aback by her beauty and got an instant raging hard on. 

"Welcome sir, which fuckfest are you here for?"

"I am here for the neighborhood fuckfest. I hope you don't mind me asking but how many are going on here?"

"Today there are 5 going on with about 30 people each. Alright the neighborhood fuckfest is on the far right corridor all the way down. You will see the sign on the door but before you head there you must check in your clothes."

I took off my jacket and handed it to her. "Here you go."

She giggled, "No sir you must be new here I mean all your clothes."

"Oh umm okay." 

I took off all my clothes and my raging hard on popped out and I got a little red in the face from getting naked in front of this beauty. She looked me over and pointed at my cock and said, "Very nice one sir. Come see me before you leave and I will give you a little something that will keep you coming each year."

"Thanks. ummm okay. Looking forward to it." I said with a smile. 

As I walked past her she turned and gave me a spank and I jumped. I turned around and she winked at me and slipped a finger in her pussy. She took it out and showed me how wet she was and I winked back at her saying, "Now I really can't wait." 

I started walking down the corridor and I could have bet money but everything along the way there were sexual things. There were pictures and statues. The pictures showed many varieties of sex from normal guy and girl to a 20 person gang bang and so did the statues. 

My hard on just kept growing. I got to the door and saw a sign that said, Neighborhood Fuckfest. The handles of course are a guy and a girl nude and of course I chose the girl to open the door with. 

When I opened the door I was surprised from what I saw even though I expected it. Everyone in there was nude and they were all attractive. I am not gay but I mean the guys weren't ugly either. The ladies were gorgeous. Everyone was from all type of ethnicities ranging from white to black to Asian and so on and they all turned and looked at me. I blushed and just stood there frozen, but then I heard her gorgeous voice. 

"Hey John." She runs over to me nude so her tits are bouncing up and down. She kisses me and grabs my cock making sure it is nice and hard.

"Hey Mrs. Smith."

"Call me Jill from now on.ok baby?"

"Alright."

"Everyone this is John, my lover for the past three days."

"Hi John," everyone says in unison.

"Hi." I said, shaking. 

"Hey John I want you to meet someone." She took me by the cock and pulled me over to a very hot Asian lady. This was the same Asian lady I saw after I left Jill's house the first time. 

"John this is Nicole. Nicole this is John."

Nicole didn't shake my hand. Instead she grabbed my cock and rubbed it a few times. I just stood there enjoying it and not knowing what to do. 

"Oh sorry John I forgot to tell you that here to say hello to a guy, a girl grabs his cock and strokes a few times and a guy greets a girl by rubbing her clit a few times. A guy greets a guy just by shaking hands and girls greet girls by rubbing the others clit. So go ahead and say hello John."

I was a little hesitant at first but reached over and started rubbing Nicole's clit and she started moaning a little and I could tell she was getting wet. 

"Alright John that is enough for now. So how do you like it here?"

"Well there are definitely a lot of beautiful people here."

"MMMMmmm you are sure right," she said, as she grabbed Nicole and passionately kissed her.

"Why don't you and Nicole get acquainted while I go and mingle with some of my friends?" she said, winking at Nicole. 

I was about to tell her that I would like to come with her but Nicole reached out and grabbed my cock and spun me back around.

"No you don't. We haven't got to know each other better. So I saw you leaving her house yesterday. Did you enjoy her?"

"I don't know what you are talking about."

"It is okay you don't have to pretend. She told me everything. She already told me what you guys did and how you were really good and that it was the best sex she had ever had."

"Really, she said that?"

"Yeah and I was thinking maybe I can experience what she did. would you like that?"

"I sure would. When I came out of her house I saw you and so many things went through my head of what I would like to do to you."

"MMmmm well we will have to do those things you were thinking about," she said, as she started rubbing my cock a little. 

"Hey how about we go and find Jill and then we can do those things?"

"MMmmm okay I would like it if she watched."

"Alright let's go." 

I turn around and was shocked to see a guy and a girl having sex on a couch in the middle of the room. I have to admit that my cock got harder looking at it but I was wondering where Jill went. 

"Where did Jill go?"

"I don't know but don't be worried it will be okay. We will go and look for her. There are rooms all along the hall. Let's go," she said as she turned me around by my cock. 

She pointed down a hallway and we started off with her still holding my cock. We got to the first door and she told me to open it. I did and I wasn't as shocked as I thought I was going to be since I was getting used to shocking things. What I saw was a threesome with a black guy and a very sexy white girl and a hot Filipino girl. The black guy was pounding into the white girl's pussy doggy style. The Filipino girl was on her back and the white girl was licking her pussy.

"Hey you are John, right? Would you mind coming over here and putting that big cock of yours into my juicy pussy?"

"Ummmm sure. I have always had a thing for Filipino chicks." 

I walked over to her and got on my knees. I started feeling her tits. They were pretty average size. They were about C cups which I really like. They felt so good. 

"MMMmmm stop teasing me and just fuck me. I need it bad."

"You got it," I said, as I put her legs over my shoulders. 

I aimed my cock at her pussy and thrusted hard into her. She started moaning really really loud.

"Ohhhhh Ggggooooddd! FFFFUUUUUCCCCKKK! YYYYEEEAAAHHH! Oh that feeeeels so goooooood! Harder! Faster! Harder! Faster! OOOOHHH YYYEEESSSS!"

I start thrusting harder and faster and I even add a finger in her ass and start rubbing her clit.

"You like that don't you?"

"OOOHHHHH YYYYYEEEESSSSS.IIIIIIII AAAAAMMM CUUUUMMMIIINNG!" she yelled, as she started thrashing around. Her pussy muscles clenched on my cock and I felt her hot cum oozing out around my cock.

"Come on John let's go. I know you haven't cum yet but we need to keep you full for when we find Jill."

"Alright. Thank you for the good time."

"No, thank you. That was the best orgasm I have had in a while. My husband has never made me orgasm. Jill is a really lucky lady. Have fun with her."

"Thanks. Alright let's go Nicole."

I got up and Nicole got down on her knees and sucked my cock really quick 

"MMMmmm you better stop or I may cum right now."

"Alright let's go then." 

She took my cock in her hand and pulled me out the door as we took one last look. I see that the black guy just came in the white girl and the Filipino girl was about to take the place of the white girl. We closed the door to give them some privacy. Nicole shoved me against the wall outside.

"So did you like that John?"

"MMMmmm I sure did."

Nicole kissed me passionately while stroking my cock.

"MMMmmm that was so hot and I am soaking wet. Would you help with my problem?"

"I sure will but after that we better find Jill."

I pushed her against the wall and started kissing her passionately. Then my lips started at her neck and moved slowly down to her tits. I start kissing and caressing them and I even pinched her nipples which made her start moaning and purring really loud. I kept kissing down to her belly button where I tongue fucked it for a minute as I started rubbing her pussy lips. She kept on moaning.

"OOOHHH YYEESSS STOP TEASING ME JOHN AND JUST GET ME OFF ALREADY!"

"You got it."

I kissed my way down to her pussy lips and as I spread her lips with my fingers, started licking her lips up and down.

"MMMmmm OH YES. Right there!"

I start tongue fucking her silly. "So do you like this?"

"OH FUUUUCCCKKK YEAH I do! Jill is so lucky."

I started licking her clit faster with my tongue and I inserted one finger into her pussy and found it so wet that I pushed two more in and start finger fucking her sopping cunt.

"OOOHHHH GGGGOOODDD IIII AAAMMMM CUMMMMIIINNNGGG!"

She came all over my hands and quickly took my hand away and put my mouth at her pussy to drink up all that I could. 

"MMMmmm very tasty. I could drink this all day."

She pulled the hand that was in her pussy to her mouth and started licking the fingers clean. 

"MMMmmm you are right I am tasty."

"Well we better get going and find Jill so we can have some real fun."

She took my cock in her hand again and we kept walking down the hallway to the next door. She opened it and stopped dead in the door turning to me.

"Get ready for the fun to begin."

Nicole moved into the room and I move to the doorway looking in. I stopped dead in my tracks because I was so surprised from what I saw. What I saw were about twenty people male and female all in different sexual acts. There were people doing oral, having vaginal and/or anal intercourse, and then there were threesomes and foursomes and small gangbangs. I looked all over the room and I finally saw Jill. She was being fucked really good in the ass by a black guy. . Nicole turned to me and led me over to her. 

"HHHeeey John SSSooo HHavve yyyoouu beeenn eeenjoooyinnnggg yyyyouuurrrseeeeelfffff!?"

"I have."

"He hasn't cum yet because he has been waiting for you but since you look like your busy. Would you mind if I had some fun with him?"

"NNNoooo I WWWOOUUULLLDN'T MIIIINNDDDED!"

Nicole took me and pulled me to the ground on my back. She straddled my crotch and knelt lining up her pussy with my cock. She sat down burying my cock fully in her pussy. Her pussy was so tight.

"OHHH GGGGOOODDD NICOLE YYOUUR PUSSY IS SO TIGHT!"

She really started pouncing up and down faster and faster and her pussy was getting wetter and wetter.

"OOOHHH JOHN YOUR COCK FEEEELLS SSSSOOOOO GOOOOOOOD IN MY PUSSY! OHHH GGGOOODDDD IIII AMMMM CUMMMIINNGGG!"

Nicole slammed down on my cock one more time. She started thrashing around on my cock and I could feel her juices flowing out of her pussy.

"OOOHHH GOD I AM CUMMING TOOO!"

I looked to my right and I saw Jill being pounded doggy style in the ass with her head thrown back and screaming that she is cumming. I see her body shake as her pussy gushes with some juices. I crawl over and suck up her juices and she gets in a 69 with me and sucks Nicole's juices off my cock. 

"Hey who is going to give me attention?" Nicole whined, after I moved over to Jill and started to get in a 69 with her.

"I will." 

The black guy that was doing Jill in the ass said this and went over and they started their own 69. She was deep throating him and he was fist fucking her. 

"OOOHHH GOD YES FUCK!" she shouted. 

I started feeling my cum come up my balls to my shaft from Jill's blowjob and she has a small orgasm from my licking.

"OH GOD JILL I AM ABOUT TO CUMMM!"

As I say this, Nicole stopped the 69 with the black guy and walked over to us, kneeling down. He walked off and changed a threesome to a foursome. Jill stopped our 69 and got up and knelt down next to Nicole.

"Come on John. Cum all over us."

I grabbed my cock and started rubbing it up and down, going faster and faster. I finally came and it was a big load. I let my cock go and let it shoot wherever it wanted but Jill took it and aimed it at her mouth and then at Nicole's mouth then her tits and then Nicole's tits. 

"MMmm John your cum feels so good."

"Yeah it is nice and warm."

They both started swallowing my cum and rubbed my cum into their breasts, and then they started licking each others breasts after they rubbed it in. 

"You guys already have me hard again. So are you guys going to help me with my little buddy?"

"MMmmm we sure will."

Jill rolled over on to her back and motioned for me to come to her. As I did she pulled her pussy wide open with her fingers. I aimed my cock at her cunt and thrust in to the hilt. I started pounding into her and Nicole went around and sat on Jill's face, facing me. 

"Oh god Jill your pussy feels as good as always!"

"MMmmm your cock feels so nice in my pussy as always too! do me faster and harder!"

I started pounding into her as fast and as hard as I could. I bent forward and started kissing and sucking on Nicole's breasts. We kept doing this for another five minutes and in that time there was a lot of cursing and moaning and purring. Finally all at once all three of us came at the same time. I shot my load in Jill's pussy and Jill came on my cock and Nicole came in Jill's mouth. We all got each other off and then cleaned each other.

"Thanks so much Jill and you too Nicole. I must go but I really had a good time and Jill you need to tell me how the rest of this thing goes. Nicole I had a great time with you and I will get your number from Jill so we can have some more fun. Jill call me after this is done so we can meet and share the stories."

"Alright thanks again John," they both say in unison as I got up, kissed them and left. 

I walked out the door and down the hallway. I walked in the main room and the couple was sleeping with his cock in her pussy. I went down the main hallway and into the lobby. I see the girl I talked to before fucking a 9 inch dildo that was suctioned to the floor. She saw me and stood up, letting it pop out of her pussy. 

"Hey John are you ready for some fun? Cause I sure am as you can see," she said, looking down at her dripping pussy. 

"I am so sorry but that party drained me but if you give me your number and your address I will take a rain check for it."

"Alright I guess that will do for now," she moaned, as she gave me my clothes. 

I put them on and was about to leave but I turn around and passionately kissed her as I lay her down. Taking her dildo off the floor I aim at her pussy and shove it all the way in. I start pounding it in her faster and harder. 

"OHH GOD YYYYESSS JOHN THAT FEELS SO GOOD!" she yelled, "Oooooooooh I'mmmmmm cummmmmmmmmming!!!!" 

I took the dildo out and sucked up all the cum and then kissed her passionately and left. Boy was that one great time...

I would really appreciate some feedback and some comments and votes for this story and the rest in this series. The feedback can be negative or positive I just want to get better at writing these so I will take any creative criticism. Thanks for reading.