 I watched Anya approach me with a large pillow in her hand. She tossed it on the deck and Pieter told me to get on all fours. As soon and I was in place, Anya slid under me and began rubbing her nose against my mound. I heard Pieter start counting and on three he thrust straight into my ass as Anya released then clamped my clit. I moaned loudly encouraging Pieter to fuck my worthless slut ass and Anya continued to torture me with the clit clamp. I had finally had enough and ordered Anya to eat me out. Her tongue seemed to have grown in two nights and she gave me one of the best tongue fucks I'd ever had, up to that point. Pieter was plunging in and out of my ass with such a vengeance that I found myself brutally pulling on my nipple clamps lost in a frenzy of incredible pain and pleasure. I could hear Anya licking and slurping away at my cum and suddenly remembered my audience. I looked up and licked my lips making eye contact with as many of the guests as I could, smiling as I moaned and yelled in pleasure.

I felt Pieter explode in my ass filling me with this warm seed and then pull out quickly. He pushed me over and astonished me by cumming all over his sister covering her head to toe in thick ropes of cum as she begged for more. My open mouth was an unintentional invitation as I found a cock thrust past my lips. I started sucking and massaging the dick with my tongue as I lay on my side. It wasn't' long before I felt hands on my ass and a finger penetrate my tight asshole. It didn't feel as good as a cock but it gave me pleasure and soon a few more fingers were inserted and I started moaning once more. I could feel the prick in my mouth spasm and waited to taste the cum. I got a few good swallows in until he pulled out and finished cumming on Anya's tits.

"Hey what about me? I love cum on my tits." I whined.

"Sorry Lola, that is one of the few things we are not allowed to do to you. We can't mess you up and keep you from entertaining other guests. Pieter is right though, you are the fucking best slut he's ever hired. I'd like to hire you myself for a one on one. I promise I'll cum all over you."

"I'm very expensive."

"I've heard but you are well worth it. A thousand pounds for three hours, correct."

So that's my rate, I thought with a grin. "It's actually for two hours but I'll throw in an extra hour sexy. What's your name?"

"Jackson. I know you can't have a card on you but...."

"Before you leave the party leave your name and a contact number and I'll call you tomorrow to set up our tryst."

"Wonderful babe."

Jackson disappeared and I found myself looking at the widest cock I'd ever seen in my life. I couldn't' even guess how wide it was.

"Get on your stage slut and open those legs wide."

"Say please or I'm not moving."

"Please slut, get up there and let me fuck that hot cunt."

I complied and screamed as he pounded straight into me. I could feel my walls expanding to accommodate him as he kept thrusting into me, stretching me as far as I'd go. He pulled almost out and slammed back in again, bashing into my clamp each time setting my clit on fire. It felt incredible being filled so completely and I actually found myself thanking my lucky stars that he didn't want my ass because he would have torn me apart. I was surprised that such a large cock didn't produce a gallon of cum as he released his seed inside me and had nothing left for Anya's body.

I spotted Zoey and called my fuck toy over and told her to clean my pussy out while another guest stepped up to fill my ass and I began giving another blow job. After about three hours of being used and abused Pieter appeared at my side with a flute of Cristal and a plate of food. He told me to go back to my cabin and remove the clamps as he'd put them back on when my break was over.

I barely had enough time to eat, use the bathroom and clean myself up before Pieter was knocking on the door and entered to put my clamps back in place.

"Sorry Lola, but you are in such high demand I can only spare you for half an hour. I've got quite the list of guests who want to hire you for themselves."

"I've only agreed to take Jackson on as a new client."

"He is on the list. I'll star a few names that I think you'll enjoy and put a line through those you don't' want to touch with a ten foot pole."

"Haven't I fucked them already?"

"Several but something tell me you don't like being used as a toilet."

"Dear God no, that is disgusting!" 

"Get back up on deck, there is a line formed already."

"Thanks Pieter."

"Please, you have made this my greatest party ever. They will be talking about this for years to come."

I made my way back to my stage stopping to down another glass of champagne and found that a line had indeed formed. I had numerous triple penetrations, to deal with the line, which was fine by me as it was both my favourite sexual position and activity. A while later, I noticed Anya was back naked and freshly showered. She seemed to have a ton of energy and I watched her sit on a hard cock and start riding it on warp speed. She was laughing and shouting, flying high as a kite. Pieter once again appeared at my side a few hours later but instead of offering me a break he had my stand on the stage as two fully clothed brunettes stepped up with large vibrators in their hands and fucked me raw for the guests amusement. After nearly an hour of being savagely raped by the vibrators, I slumped to the floor with both of the intruders still inside me. The look both girls gave me seemed to say 'We brought you down, you stupid slut.'

"Wow Lola, we didn't think you'd last twenty minutes and you went fifty three." Pieter said in awe.

"I need a break."

"Sorry Lola, I want that ass of yours again. Someone go get Lola a drink."

"Pieter, I really don't..."

Pieter was behind me already and pulled my head back with a sharp jerk on my hair. "I don't care what the fuck you want slut, you've been paid now get on your knees or I'll have the girls come back and go at you for hours." he whispered in my ear.

I got on my knees and screamed when Pieter, pulled violently on the clit clamp pulling it right off my clit. I reached down to soothe my poor clit and came up with blood on my hand. Pieter looked at the clamp in his hand and thrust into my ass, reaching down and clamping it back in place. The pain made me want to faint but sensing the situation Pieter, yanked on my hair again and warned me that I'd regret passing out. The vibrator in my pussy started moving again as Lane tried to fuck me to match Pieter's strokes. I was no longer enjoying the party but my body didn't seem to feel the same way as I continued cumming and squirting. Thankfully, Pieter only fucked me for half an hour and I found Jackson's cock in my face once more.

"Suck me long and slow Lola, it will give you a chance to relax."

I thanked him and performed a forty minute blow job giving my two other holes a chance to rest. By the time I was finished with Jackson, I was feeling horny again and thoroughly enjoyed the next three girls who licked every inch of my body. I continued pleasuring guests as the sun rose until the last two guests, the girlfriend tongue fucking my asshole and her boyfriend fucking my pussy finally orgasmed and thanked me as an after thought as they left. I noticed one of the deck hands looking at me and I asked him the time.

"Eight am Lola, It's my turn to fuck that ass now."

"Sorry, I don't do the help." I said wearily and walked off wanting nothing more than to flop on the bed and sleep.

I opened the door to the cabin and stopped short as I watched Anya snorting a line of coke off her brother's cock. Anya threw her head up when she was done and smiled at me.

"There you are Lola, I saved you a line."

"No thanks."

"I insist, you know there is nothing better than fucking on a cocaine high."

"I wouldn't know that, I've never done coke." 

"Oh my God, then you have to try it, you are going to love how you feel."

"I'll take your word for it."

"Lola, virgins are not allowed on my yacht, snort it baby then I'll fuck your pussy." 

I was too tired to argue and pinched closed one nostril as I'd seen in the movies and snorted up the line. My face felt numb very quickly and as it dripped down my nasal cavity my mouth felt very dry. Anya handed me a glass of champagne and I downed it quickly. A minute or two later, I felt myself enter a state of euphoria and my energy level soared. I was no longer tired and pushed Pieter down on the bed, riding his cock as hard and fast as I could. Anya hadn't been lying, I felt like I was having the best fuck of my life as every nerve ending in my body seemed to be firing for a good twenty minutes until the effects started to wear off and I felt like a zombie stuck in a haze.

"You need another line Lola." Anya said and this time I snorted both lines off his cock and drank straight from the champagne bottle. In a few minutes, I was in euphoria once more and Pieter started fucking my ass but he was missing the target so I rode him, my ass plunging down on his hard cock then I changed positions and pussy fucked him once more. Anya was busy eating her brother's cum out of my pussy while he fucked her ass as I came out of the high.

"So you two are big on incest." I said casually between moans.

"No actually, Pieter will only fuck me when he's on coke and in a threesome. I've been waiting for this threesome since the moment I laid eyes on you Lola."

"Oh."

"So how many people do you think you fucked?"

"I have no idea, I know I didn't fuck every guest, probably not even half of them."

"No you fucked about half of them." Pieter grunted as he slammed into his sisters ass.

"You were such a bastard to me Pieter." I said playing with my nipple clamps.

"Sorry, but you picked the wrong time to ask for a break. After that show you put on, there was no way you could stop."

"So how many people do you reckon I fucked?"

"Probably fifty or maybe even sixty. I've got a three page list of clients for you Lola."

"Fuck."

"I guess you are fucking your way through law school back home, paying your tuition out of your cunt and ass."

"Pretty much" I lied, "I have a few regulars that I fuck during the school year but most of my action is during holidays. It always amazes me how much business I do Christmas Day or Easter Sunday."

"Fuck you'd be the only present I want under the tree. You should come join us for Christmas in Gstaad."

"God yes, that would be perfect." Anya moaned as Pieter continued fucking her. "Mother and Father would love to get someone as gifted as you in their bed."

You have a very fucked up family, I thought to myself as I started cumming. When Pieter was done he pulled out of his sister's ass and released his load on her back, slapping her ass hard. He went over to the counter and left the cabin coming back ten minutes later as I was about to drift off to sleep.

Pieter tossed an envelope on my body.

" I credited you for sixty and made it an extra fifteen hundred. Threw in a little bonus for you too. My next party is in three weeks, make sure I have your number and I'll tell you where and when. You should call your driver now so he can fetch you."

"Mmm, come back home with me Lola, we can do more coke and fuck the day away." Anya offered.

All I wanted was sleep so I declined and grabbed my purse shoving the new envelope in it. I didn't notice my robe but figured I'd look after I called. I called the villa and was told Jean Pierre would be there in half an hour or so. I wrote down the number of the villa and went back to the cabin. Pieter was dressed and helping Anya back in to her dress. I gave him my number, he kissed me as did Anya and they left. I looked all over the room and couldn't find my robe anywhere. There was a knock on the door and the deck hand from before was on the other side.

"Sorry but you are going to have to wait for your ride on the street, no one is allowed on the yacht when the owners have left."

"I'm looking for my robe, it was here hours ago but I can't seem to find it." 

"Sorry don't know about that, but you have to leave unless you want to wait for your driver with my cock in you slut."

"I rather wait on the street." I replied icily and left.

I felt like the lowest form of human life waiting on the street totally naked except the jewellery and clamps. The looks I was getting made me feel ashamed of how I had spent the last thirteen hours and I was sure that every person knew that I was nothing more than a high paid hooker. Jean Pierre looked shocked when he drove up and quickly got out of the car to see if I was all right.

"Lea, have you been waiting outside like this since you called?"

"Umm hmmm, someone took my robe and this was all I wore."

"They wouldn't let you wait on the yacht?"

"The hosts left and the deck hand wanted me to fuck him to wait on the boat. I preferred standing here and letting everyone in Monaco see what a slut I really am."

"I told you they were a bad crowd to hook up with, let's get you home so you can rest."

"Oh I loved the party, can't wait to do it again. I'm just tired and worn out. I fucked sixty people Jean Pierre."

"That's not even funny as a joke." He said harshly thinking I was kidding.

When I woke up several hours later I still felt like I was in a fog and figured it had to be the cocaine. While it did feel great for the time it lasted, I didn't like how it felt afterwards. I looked inside the envelope Pieter had given me just before he left and found the $1500 dollars and a small bag of cocaine. I should have got up and flushed it down the toilet, but I hid it away instead, rationalizing I may want to do a few lines now and then for the fuck thrill. I looked at the list of names of potential clients and gave Jackson a call. I'd meet him the next night at his place for dinner and sex. As I wrote down the address it dawned on me that I was officially a prostitute, with a summer ahead of sexual adventures for tons of cash.