 "Lea what on earth do you have on your nipples?" Marisol asked as I was lying by the pool.

"Nipple clamps, they fucking kill but I love the feeling." I took my right one off and gave it to her.

I watched her eyes widen as she saw the sharp pointed teeth and she opened the clamp slowly trying to close it on her thumb. She shrieked and quickly tossed it back at me, watching in fascination as I clamped it back in place moaning and hissing in pleasure and pain.

"You are fucking insane Lea." She replied with her light French accent.

"I have a clit clamp too."

"Holy crap, I thought you were a typical horny young lady, I didn't know you were....."

"A pain slut? Sex addict? Cunt Whore? Prostitute?"

"You shouldn't' call yourself such derogatory names. I was going to say out of your mind."

"Marisol, if I tell you something do you promise not to tell Jean Pierre?"

"What?"

"Saturday night I fucked 60 different people for ten thousand pounds."

"Please tell me you are kidding."

"Nope, I'm going spend the rest of my summer being a very high paid prostitute and I could use some help."

"Lea, are you that desperate for money?"

"No, the money is an amazing bonus, I'm in it for all the sex. I've got an unquenchable thirst for sex and what's better than getting paid massive amounts of money to do something you love? I have a three page list of people who want to pay me to fuck them and I need someone to take the calls and set up my schedule. These are the rates I came up with."

Marisol took the piece of paper of me and started looking at it. The last line read no condoms, cash up front.

"Lea, you fucked 60 people and didn't use condoms?"

"Nope, can't stand the feel of them and I love having my holes cummed in. I've been sexually active for four years and never used a condom." 

"I'll handle your calls if you go see a doctor one a week to make sure you haven't caught anything."

"Deal, I guess we'll need an appointment book. Oh by the way, everyone thinks my name is Lola."

"You'll need business cards, there is a wonderful papier in Nice, they hand calligraphy all the cards."

"I want them to say Mistress Lola, Delectable Slut."

"What am I going to do with you?"

"Book me as often as possible with an hour between fucks. Oh my first client is tonight at 8, I'll be free for a midnight rendezvous"

"You want me to book you in for midnight?"

"Yeah start calling my list asking them when they want me. Call everyone except the crossed off ones."

"You think I wouldn't have figured that out on my own? I want a thousand a week for doing this."

"Done."

Marisol came back an hour later to tell me I had a threesome at midnight. I called Jackson to let him know I had another client and suggested he might not want to waste one of his three hours on dinner. When he told me anytime with me wasn't a waste of time, I found myself asking if we could meet an hour earlier. I wore the little black chiffon skirt again, my nipple clamps and a tight black square neck top that was so tight it was like a second skin. I walked into the restaurant and smiled at Jackson, he handed me an envelope and I glanced in to it, hundred pound notes nicely aligned, I tucked it in my purse. I had just made myself comfortable when he asked me to move my chair back, flip my skirt right up and finger myself until I came. He told me he wanted to whole restaurant to listen to me cum.

I wish I had worn the clit clamp and started pinching my clit, moaning loudly then dipped three fingers in my slick pussy and started fucking myself. I arched my back and lifted my ass to hit my g spot and went to town on myself, my four fingers in my cunt, my thumb poking my clit. It took a little while but I came hard and I'm sure they could hear me across the street.

"Very nice Lola, now on your knees and fuck my dick with that gorgeous mouth of yours while I eat dinner. Take your top off now. Actually, walk to the centre of the room and take your top and skirt off. I want everyone to see what a slut you are."

If he thinks he's degrading me he is in for a big surprise, I thought as I borrowed an empty chair, placed it in the middle of the room, climbed up on it and stripped, playing with my clamps and rubbing my slit for all to see. I stepped down, grabbed my clothes and wiggled my ass all the way back to the table where I turned his chair so everyone could watch me blow him. I kissed his tip and blew on it sending a shiver through his body before licking his length and balls and sucking him right in my mouth. I could deep throat ten inches no problem and handle eleven with minimal gagging. I think my extra performance was too much and Jackson came rather quickly filling my mouth with warm cum, this time I directed his cock and covered my tits in his cum before sitting down in a chair to rub it in to my breasts for anyone who cared to watch which was half the restaurant.

"Dear God , you are unfucking believable Lola."

"I know, I'm a little surprised a classy place like this hasn't called the gendarme on me."

"I own this place. I want you to go to every table and ask them if they'd like to lick your breasts."

"Mmm, I love how you think Jackson."

The first table I went to took me up on the offer but were rather timid taking just a tiny lick. The gentlemen at the second table waved me off but his date took a long lick poking her finger in my asshole while she sucked on my tits for a good five minutes. 

"Merci." I purred when she pulled away and went on to the other tables but no one took me up on my offer so I returned to the girl with the long brown hair. "Care to finish me off?"

"I'd love to will you eat my pussy after?"

"I'd love to but the man responsible for this cum is the one paying me. I can ask him."

"Go."

"Jackson, she will lick the rest of you off me but wants me to eat her in exchange." 

"If she wants to join us as a threesome that's fine but I'm not paying you more."

I walked back to the girl and smiled. What's your name?"

"Corrina."

"I'm Lola and I want you to join us. Have you had a threesome before?"

"Yes."

"Ah, but not with me and I'm the best there is. I usually charge $3500 for my services but I'll cut you a deal, the best sex you'll ever have for the price of licking my cum covered breasts clean."

"Sorry Charles, that is an offer I just can't refuse." She said to her dinning companion and stood up attacking my breasts with her lips and licking me clean.

I brought her back over to the table, giving her my seat and sitting on Jackson's lap. "Jackson meet Corrina who is eager to join us."

"Take your dress off Corrina." Jackson said with a grin.

"Here?"

"Yes, I'm paying Lola to fulfil my fantasies and I want her to fuck you on the table."

"Sorry, I changed my mind I never have sex in public let alone for an audience."

I reached my hand out and started fondling her breasts, pinching her nipples through her dress. I stood up and pulled her up pressing her body into me, my hard nipples pressing in to her collar bone thanks to my heels. I massaged her ass, licking her neck and sucking gently on it. I slid my hand up from her ass and pulled on the zipper, the strapless blue dress falling in a pool at her feet. I dropped my head down to her pretty 36 C breasts and started sucking on her nipple turning her as I did and lowering her on the table. She was putty in my hands, as I switched to her other breast and pulled her French cut panties down, exposing her nakedness to all.

I leant down and whispered in her ear, "You are going to get the fuck of your life in public, never say never." 

I kissed her hard. our tongues entwined in a slow erotic kiss, I could see Jackson stroking himself out of the corner of my eye. I licked her neck and feasted on her breasts, teasing her stiff nipples when inspiration hit.

"Darling, have you ever worn nipple clamps?" I purred.

"No." she moaned.

"What was that? Have you ever used nipple clamps?"

"No, never." She panted.

"Mmmm, never say never." I moaned as I took my right clamp off and attached it to her left nipple.

She screamed in pain and I attached the other one which only made her scream harder and start thrashing on the table. I slid down her body and starting licking her clit to give her reason to enjoy the searing pain I'd forced her into. I felt Jackson's hot breath on my neck.

"Fuck Lola, that's the most erotic thing I've ever seen. You've turned her into your slave against her will."

"I know, and she'll be paying me to dominate her next time."

I returned to her oozing cunt and continued fucking her with my tongue, rolling and pinching her clit with my fingers. Jackson gave my ass a hard slap and plunged inside of me, fucking me with intense desire, his balls slapping against my hole as he picked up his pace. I urged him on, pulling up, my chin covered in Corrina's cum and begged him to rape my ass. I kissed Corrina, letting her taste her own cum knowing that Jackson would want me at least one a week and that Corrina would turn tricks herself if she had to, so she could afford me weekly too. I felt Jackson spasm inside me, he was buried as deep in my ass as he could be and after a few more strokes he filled my succulent ass with his cum. I pulled away from Corrina and turned to kiss Jackson.

"You are so good Jackson, I love how you fuck my ass. I'm going to make Corrina lick your cum out of my ass. Lift me up so my ass is over her mouth."

"Oh Fuck Lola, you are such a dirty slut."

"I know, why don't you fuck her pussy while she eats my ass."

"I love how your filthy mind works Lola."

"Corrina, you are going to lick every drop of cum out of my ass."

"No, I can't, that's disgusting!"

"You'll do it and love it or Jackson won't be the only man who will be fucking you tonight."

"Lola please...."

"Do it my little fucktoy or you'll never see me again."

"Oh God no, never say never." Corrina moaned and thrust her tongue in my ass.

"That's a good little slave, don't miss a drop. Fuck her pussy so hard that she won't be able to walk straight Jackson."

When Jackson was finished with Corrina he put me on the table, my ass high in the air and gave me a series of hard slaps. I'd never liked being hit but I could feel myself getting wetter and knew I really was a pain slut. Never say never, I thought and chuckled to myself. I rode Jackson, my pussy swallowing him up as Corrina feasted on my breasts and before I knew it, time had gotten away from me. I happened to look at my watch and screamed when it read 11:35.

"Jackson, I'm going to be late for my next clients. I've got another threesome awaiting me tonight."

"Are you free Thursday?"

"I don't know you'll have to call Marisol and ask her. Here."

I handed him one of my new cards and slipped one between Corrina's breasts taking my clamps off her.

Mistress Lola Delectable Slut 377) 98 06 30 00

I grabbed my clothes and purse and ran out to the street naked, where as luck would have it a cab was waiting across the street. I told him where I needed to be and to step on it. I put my clamps back on my nipples and moaned in pleasure and slipped my top on. When the cab came to a stop I paid the driver with a hundred pound note and asked him to pick me up at 3:05 am sharp to take me back. I put my skirt back on, put some lipstick on my lips and ran my finger over my pussy to make it glisten with my juices. I knocked on the door and smiled when I saw the three ladies who had kissed ever inch of my body on the yacht standing there naked. I walked in the room and they each presented me with pound notes that I quickly counted. 

"Where do you want me ladies I asked?"

What I didn't know was that before the girls had time to stripped me Corrina was on the phone with Marisol asking for my next available slot. When Marisol told her it couldn't be until Saturday evening she bought the entire night with me and made several booking for every other day at 5 p.m.. The girls were fun but too tame for my liking. They were a good six years older than me but acted like silly school girls and the time seemed to pass so slowly. Only one of them actually gave me an orgasm, the rest I had to fake but I certainly had them cumming hard and fast. At 2:59 am I stood up slipped on my skirt, grabbed my purse and top and walked out the door. I told the driver where I was staying and played with myself in the back seat until I had a good hard orgasm.

The driver pulled up in front of the villa and got out of the car, to open the door and get a longer look at me.

"Lady you almost made me run off the road trying to watch you."

"Like what you saw?"

"Yes, you are so sexy. Tell you what, here is my car, next time you need a drive call me. I'll take you anywhere you want for free if you do that again for me."

I took the card and smiled, "I'll think about it."

I went into the kitchen and poured myself a glass of juice. I looked at the appointment book Marisol had left on the table and couldn't believe how many bookings I had. I noticed Corrina bought me for the night then had booked me from 5-7 p.m. every other day well into August. I smiled when I saw Pieter's name the next day and he'd booked me for the next party, the first Saturday in August. He was my first booking at 8 p.m. the next day for a threesome and I was sure Anya would be the other party. I was booked in at eleven for two hours and then at 3 am for a 3 hour orgy. Pieter wanted me on the yacht, the second booking was a condo in Monte Carlo and the orgy was in a villa five miles from home. I headed off to bed and followed my normal daytime routine of drinking and laying by the pool. Marisol came out to tell me that a friend of Jackson's was on the phone wanting me for a three day trip to Paris but didn't want to pay the rate. He insisted on speaking to me directly. I got on the phone and hung up ten minutes later agreeing to go on the trip for no cash but to have all my shopping paid for in Paris. All I had seen of Paris was the airport and the idea of seeing the sites while Joseph was in meetings appealed to me.

I put my nipple and clit clamps on under my new unbuttoned Chanel jacket and a short grey skirt with strappy grey heels. I had tucked the information about Joseph in my purse as I wanted to ask Pieter if he knew him. Jean Pierre would drive me to the yacht and my cab driver would shuttle me between clients and home. I'd spend my hour break between Pieter masturbating for the cab driver before he took me to my eleven o'clock appointment.

I found Pieter and Anya naked in the cabin, a mirror of coke lines between them and a bottle of chilled champagne in an ice bucket.

"Mmm Lola, I like the look, classy slut." Pieter said in lieu of a greeting.

"Very nice Lola, but I want you naked." Anya added.

I did a slow striptease for her tossing my clothes on the chair and dancing for her. I sat down on the bed facing the siblings my legs open wide, the mirror of coke between my legs, my hands behind my back, thrusting my breasts up high in the air. Pieter pulled on my clit clamp and I moaned loudly while Anya reached over and tugged on my nipple clamps licking my breasts. I watched as Pieter dropped his head and snorted a few lines of the coke and thrust his tongue in my very wet pussy. Anya pulled on my arms lowering me to my back and straddled my upper body, her pussy above my lips. I thrust in to her copying what Pieter was doing to me move for move and my face was soon full of her dripping cum. I thrust one finger in her asshole and two fingers in her pussy and brought my fingers to meet against her wall. Anya was bucking so hard thanks to my ministrations that I had to concentrate hard to keep my fingers in her. Suddenly, it was as if her damn broke and cum came pouring out of her drenching my face, running down my tits and stomach down to my own pussy where Pieter was now eating his sisters and my sweet juices. Anya couldn't take my sensual torture anymore and got off me flopping down on the bed moaning sweat covering her body.

"Fuck Lola, I've never cum like that before, what the hell did you do to me?"

"Give you the best orgasm of you life." I replied.

"I know that, but your fingers, where did you learn to do that?"

"I have a gift for giving sexual pleasure and I'm highly creative."

"She saw it in a porno I bet." Pieter replied.

I slapped the top of his head. "I'll have you know I've seen maybe ten minutes of porno in my life! Why watch when you can be having instead."

"Do some coke Lola, I want to fuck you." 

I snorted two lines, took a drink and then climbed on Pieter fucking him hard as I enjoyed the Euphoria and heightened nerve sensations the coke gave me. I knew I'd have to be careful or I'd become addicted to coke and decided I'd only do it with Pieter and Anya. I felt Anya's hand slid against my mound and she started pulling on the clit clamp while I fucked her brother. When I felt myself getting close I yanked on the nipple clamps and started a torrent of cum squirting and falling out of my hot pussy that Anya was only too happy to lap up as my juices covered her face. Pieter exploded inside me and pulled out coating my upper body in his cum.

"Such a dirty little whore Lola."

I smiled wickedly and rubbed the cum into my body. "It keeps my skin so soft. Besides you obviously like dirty little whores and I'm the best one of them all."

"You are the best Lola." "I know, which reminds me have you ever heard of a Joseph DuMont?"

"Oh wow Lola, is he a client?" Anya asked after finishing a line of coke.

"Yes and no, he wants me for three days but refuses to pay my fee. He said I can do all the shopping I want instead."

"Yes, he refuses to pay for sex. So he ends up paying ten times the amount on clothes and jewels. Don't forget you'll need luggage for all you purchases, I suggest Vuitton,"

"Anya spent a month in London and Milan with him." 

"He's got a nice thick cock Lola and a thing for lingerie. First thing he'll do is bring you to an expensive shop and have you try on barely there bras, garters and stockings. He'll love the fast that you never wear panties and you'll look so fucking hot strutting around the store with a sheer little bra, garters and stockings, your heels and a bare pussy. Mmmm when are you going? I wouldn't mind being in that store for the view."

"Next Wednesday through Saturday morning."

"I think I'll book myself a room at the Ritz, that's where he always stays. I'll keep you company while he's doing business, keep you wet and horny too."

"Mmm sounds good but I intend on doing a lot of shopping."

"What you've never screwed around in a dressing room?"

"Not at Chanel, Yves St. Laurent or Prada."

"Prada's rooms are the best for sex."

"Cunt whore, give your brother your ass. I want to watch you and get off."

"Thought you didn't watch porn?" Pieter asked as he licked his sister's ass."

"This isn't porn it's incest." I laughed and started playing with my clamps as Anya mouthed thank you to me. 

My eleven o'clock was rather average looking but he had a magnificent thick ten inch cock that felt so incredibly good ramming into my tight ass and spearing my pussy. He had little use for blow jobs and spent his two hours thoroughly fucking me to my great delight. My orgy wasn't quite as I expected. I was attached to a metal stand my hands in the air, my legs opened wide and clumsily fucked by six drunk young lads who pretty much passed out after fucking me. The last one fell a mere two hours in and with some effort I freed myself and left early. I was happy to crawl into bed and get some sleep. 

The next afternoon when I finally got out of bed, I headed to the kitchen with two thousand pounds. I looked at the day planner again and found even fewer available spaces, a few mornings were booked and my afternoons were booked almost solid. For several days the hour between clients was about the only down time I'd get. Marisol came into the kitchen and wrote down another name for am.
