 "Dammit, of all the places we have to go," I said while I threw the last case into the back of the truck. "We're going to have nothing to do."

Every two weeks or so, my company has an off-site conference we have to set up. That involves four of us loading all the necessary gear in the back of the truck and driving up to 6 hours to the location. Luckily I'd gotten one of my best friends a job with the company, so I had someone my age to hang out with on these trips.

"It won't be any different that the last one," Brian suggested, "we'll just set up, get plastered, then work through our hangover the next morning."

"Yeah, I guess," I replied. With all the gear loaded, we climbed into the truck and headed off.

---

"Holy shit, dude," Brian exclaimed about halfway there, "I just remembered that Carissa lives in Lubbock. She's going back to Tech."

"Great, I have to deal with your whiny ass ex-girlfriend fawning over you the entire time."

"I have to call her, besides, we've been apart for a couple years and she's lightened up a lot since she went back to college." Brian pulled out his phone and found her in his phone book. "Hey Cari, it's Brian... yeah, we'll be in town tonight... Sure, we'll be at the Marriott on University. See you tonight."

"I take it she didn't have anything better to do?"

"Nope, she said she'd meet us around 8."

---

We were just taping down the last of the cables when Carissa walked in. I'd known her before she moved back to Tech, but I was not prepared for the woman who walked in the door. Tight jeans and a green tank top hugged every curve of her body just right. I could see the outline of her bra underneath the flimsy fabric, and she had make up her hair and makeup perfectly. This was not the 20 year old awkward girl that had left town 5 years ago, this was a full blown hottie. Suddenly I found myself much more interested in the idea of hanging out with her for the night. 

"Brian," she exclaimed when she saw him. She ran up to him and jumped up to give him a hug.

"Hey Cari," I said after she and Brian had exchanged pleasantries. "How have you been?"

"I'm good," she replied, "I'm just glad to have something to do, I thought I'd be sitting in my apartment alone again."

"Glad we could help. I think we're done here, want to head up to the rooms, Brian?"

"Yeah," he responded, I'll go up and get the 'bar' ready. Grab some ice on the way, will ya?"

When I walked in with the ice, Brian had everything set up. We're generally just whiskey drinkers, but Cari had brought some Malibu and pineapple juice for her. I sat the ice down, and poured myself a drink.

---

Three hours and three-quarters of a couple bottles later, we were all happy. The conversation had gone from old friends to bad movies and a million places in between. There were two double beds in the room, I was one one, and Brian and Cari were on the other. 

"It's really fucking hot in here," Cari said out of the blue.

"Yeah well, that could have something to do with the half bottle of Malibu in your system," I quipped back.

"You are probably right," she replied, "but I'm not done drinking. Turn on a fan or something."

"Screw that, I'm fine, if you're hot you're just gonna have to strip," I laughed, and then something green hit me in the face. It took me a couple to seconds to realize she had taken off her shirt and thrown it at me. It smelled like a combination of pineapple rum and her flower perfume, and when I pulled it off my face she started laughing.

"Careful what you wish for, Sparky," she giggled. She plopped into the desk chair in the corner, and fanned herself with a folder that we had left on the desk. "Ah, that's much better."

"I'll say," Brian chimed in from the bed where he was laying.

"Ha, you had your chance," Cari responded. She stood up to show off her body; fair white skin with just a smattering of freckles, flat abs and a blue leopard print bra supporting just the right amount of cleavage. She got a mischievous glint in her eye, and started walking toward me. "But Mike never did," she told him as she hopped up onto the bed, and onto me. She looked at me, licked her lips slightly and kissed me deeply.

I couldn't help but run my hands up her bare back as her tongue probed my mouth. After what seemed like 5 minutes, but was more likely around 30 seconds she came up for air. "Damn Cari," I said after a breath of my own.

"Damn right, 'Damn Cari,'" she said as she grinned. "I can do other things even better." She swung her leg off of me, and started fumbling with the radio on the nightstand. Finally, she found a song with a beat she liked, and started to sway her hips back and forth. "I am *really* hot, guys. Mind if I take these jeans off?"

Silence and a slight shake of the head was all she got. She slid her thumbs under the waistband of the denim and moved them around to the button. A quick flick of her fingers and she was unbuttoned and unzipped, revealing a bright red swatch of fabric underneath. She pivoted on her heel, and dipped way down and as she stood up, slid the jeans off her body. We were greeted by a thong, and a firm, toned ass. Cari kicked the jeans off one foot, then the other and turned back toward us, dancing to the beat of her music. She moved her hand underneath the cotton panties, and shuddered a bit as she came in contact with her clit. 

She stayed there only for a moment, then caressed her flat stomach and moved up to her breasts. Cari slipped her left shoulder out of the straps. then her right, then tugged it down revealing her bright pink nipples, already hard from excitement, on pert 32B breasts. Another quick move, and the bra joined the jeans on the floor, leaving Cari stark naked except for a splash of red over her mound.

Brian and I sat there silent for a moment, and Cari giggled lightly. She pointed at me. "Move to the edge of the bed."

I eagerly moved, and when I was situated, she walked over to me and dropped to her knees. I closed my eyes and felt her hands rub up my legs, then start to fumble with the button on my pants. She unzipped me then tugged to get them completely off, she took both layers of fabric off me, and my erection was freed from its constraints. She stroked me with soft hands a couple of times, then touched the tip to her tongue. The warmth from her mouth spread over me and I began to grow to full attention. Slowly she took more and more of me into her mouth, and before long she was taking my full length. The motion of her mouth steadied out, and she began to moan slightly, from what I assumed was her touching herself.

Her moans grew closer together, and finally became so strong that she had to stop pleasuring me for a moment. When she did, I opened my eyes and saw that my suspicions were correct, she was vigorously rubbing her clit. Once she had her full attention on making herself cum, it was a matter of moments before she began to shudder in the throes of her first orgasm of the night.

"Oh yes," she cried when the wave hit her. "Fuck yes! Oh fuck yes."

She sat back on her heels a little when the orgasm had passed and glanced at Brian. He looked like he was ready to jump out of his skin, and the bulge in his pants clearly showed what he wanted. "Strip," she told him, "but know that you don't get anything that he doesn't get first. You had you chance to go first." She turned back to me. "Fuck me, Mike. Fill me up."

That was all the encouragement I needed. I took her hands and pulled her up on the bed, on all fours. She motioned for Brian to join us and he lay in front of her, where she could easily service him as I fucked her from behind. I pulled off her panties, revealing her pink pussy, already swollen with the stimulation of her orgasm. I lowered her hips to the right angle, then put the head of my cock at her opening and pushed into her.

Her tight pussy grabbed me as I filled her with the full length of my cock, then began to loosen and lubricate as I started a slow steady rhythm. She had already taken Brian in her mouth, and I could hear her moans of pleasure muffled by him. I began to stroke harder, then harder still.

She pulled off of him for a moment to catch her breath. "Slap my ass, baby," she commanded. "Treat me like the little cock whore I am."

I was more that happy to oblige. I swung my hand back and made contact with the firm white skin of her ass with a smack. My hand print immediately left a red mark, and I felt her pussy quiver. "You like that, Cari? You like having me spank your ass?"

"Mm hmm," came the muffled reply.

I swung again, this time a little harder, and this time eliciting a slightly louder moan and more powerful quiver. As I did it a third time, I felt her fingers start to play with her clit and my balls. She started rubbing faster and harder, and as I looked down I got a devious idea of my own. I took some of her wetness on my thumb, and pushed my thumb into her little brown asshole.

The gasp I got was quickly drowned out by a near scream of pleasure as the combination of two cocks, her fingers on her clit and my thumb in her ass brought her to the next level. She shook for a solid minute, then dropped down onto her stomach, her knees having given out on her. She turned onto her back, her breasts and face flushed with the intensity of her orgasm. After she cooled off for another moment she motioned me back to her, guiding me back into her pussy.

I immediately started thrusting harder, watching her breasts bounce with every stroke, until finally I couldn't hold back any more.

"Where should I cum, Cari," I asked, almost impatiently, "I'm not going to last much longer."

"Inside me, I'm protected. Besides, Brian will be a good boy and cum on my face and tits, won't you?"

Brian said nothing, but I know he heard her. She had her hands on his balls, rubbing them with what looked like just the right amount of pressure while he stroked himself over her body. I started pumping even harder, desperate for the release that cumming would give me. Each stroke got all three of us closer to orgasm, until finally Cari wrapped her legs around my back and pulled me into her as she had her third intense orgasm of the night. The sound of her screams were just too much to take and I had no choice but to blow my load inside her. Three, four, then five waves of pleasure washed over me. As I started to come down, I saw Brian come to the edge and spray ropes of thick cum over Cari's face and neck. Finally, Cari came off her high, and relaxed her legs, letting me roll off beside her.

Brian excused himself to clean up, and headed for the bathroom. When he was gone, Cari turned to me.

"Nobody's ever played with my ass like that, that was amazing," she told me. "I never told anyone, but I've always had the hots for you."

"Too bad you live so far away then, isn't it," I replied, a little surprised.

"Well actually, this is my last semester and I'll be moving back in two months." She leaned in and placed another long kiss on me. "Wait for me, and I'll be yours for as long as you want me."