 Chapter 2D, The Initiation, The Finale

As I mentioned in Chapter 1, I have kept a dairy since I was in Junior high school. But it was all pretty boring until my freshman year in college. When I read my dairy from then all the memories come flooding back to me. It is just like it all happened yesterday and when I write it all down I get to relive it all over again. That is why I get so detailed.

When we left chapter 2C Amy had just finished sucking all of her juices off and cleaning up Bill's still hard dick after giving her virginity to him and going to nirvana. Bill told us we were so wonderful tonight that we would be part of his "My Special Girls Club" and that he will personally train us to be perfect. He went on to say that most of the virgins will be part of his Girls club since we had never been fucked before, that way he can mold us into what he wants us to be without any previous influences. So when the other guys say "Our Girls" they are referring to all of the girls in the room, but My Girls are mine and you will get special treatment as you will soon find out. In fact both of you need your congratulatory kiss from me. He told us to put our arms around his neck as he grabbed our ass cheeks and lifted us up for a three way kiss just like he did with the twins. We wrapped our legs around his waist as we pressed our bodies to him. Our clits were pressed against his hip bone spreading our juices all over his hip. Another girl started sucking his hard dick like I had. We all kissed until Amy and I came to a big orgasm.

About that time Bob, the kicker from the other end of the table asked Bill if he was through with us. Bill said it was time for us to go to Bob but he would be seeing us later. As we walked away Bill patted our asses and we turned to wave bye. About half way down the table I just happen to look down the room and saw the most erotic sight ever. I saw the 5 tables with naked girls laying on both ends with their heads less than 1 foot apart, so I could see most of their bodies as other girls stood around them holding their legs apart as the guys were in some stage of taking them to nirvana. I could hear the girls moaning and cumming plus the smell of girl juice was heavy in the air turning me on even more. I felt like I was dreaming and I was going to wake up but then I felt a shudder run through me as I came. Amy noticed me cumming and I showed her what I was looking at. The erotic scene sent her over the edge also as we held onto each other for support.

Then I heard Bob ask if we liked what we saw. That brought me out of my trance and when I looked forward again there was Bob welcoming us with open arms. We walked into his arms as he pulled us both together for a big kiss. Our bodies, cheeks and lips were all pressed together as our tongues fluttered into each others mouths. Afterwards Bob asked if we were ready for more fun, I was still very turned on and we both said yes. He said let's meet the other girls and we turned to see 4 other girls standing there. As Bob introduced us, the girl opposite me was another cheerleader. Wow, I couldn't believe it, here I was looking at another cheerleader completely naked standing right in front of me. She was pretty with large breasts and shaved pussy except for a small strip of groomed pubic hair starting right above her pussy lips just like the other cheerleaders had. She had a dark tan line which emphasized her white girly parts. She was not in a sorority but since she was a cheerleader and wanted to be part of the team Bill allowed her to come through our sorority. Next to the cheerleader was one of the ballet dancers. She had smaller breasts but she was completely shaved. Next to her was our pledge master and she was shaved. Next to her was a junior but she had all of her pubic hair like we did. Then Bob got the camera and lined us up and took pictures with our arms around each other. We just clowned around in front of the camera as more flashes went off. Bob even had us suck each other's breasts and I got to kiss and suck the cheerleader's tits and they were so warm and soft I didn't want to stop. I never thought I could ever feel like this. Then she played with mine. Looking down at her sucking my very sensitive nipples made me cum again. 

About that time the guy at the table next to ours asked Bob if he would pass a couple of girls over to him. Bob said sure, what about the cheerleader and ballet dancer and the guy's eyes grew wide and grinned and said thanks man, you're the greatest. Bob said glad to share, that is what team spirit is all about. He kissed them one more time and patted their butts as they turned to go to the other table where they were greeted warmly. 

Bob turned to us and said it's just us four so are all of you ready for more fun and took more pictures of us. He said since Amy and I were recent virgins he will have to take extra care with us. So this is a good time to teach us about our pelvic and anal muscles. Girls usually just lay there and let the guys do all the work, so girls need to take an active roll and learn how to fuck back. One way is to control your pelvic and anal muscles like you did with Bill. This way we feed off of each others sexual excitement and spirals up to orgasm. 

Then he asked which one wanted to be first and we both raised our hands. That is when he put his hands on both of our breasts to feel us up as he made his decision. He told Amy she would be first and introduced himself to her. She introduced herself to Bob then he told her to sit on the stool and introduce herself to his big dick. She sat down and held his big hard dick and said my name is Amy and I love you and want you inside me. Then she kissed his dick head just like we had done with Bill. She continued to take more of his dick inside her mouth and since he was not as thick as Bill she was able to get all of him in. Bob even took pictures of his dick in her mouth. 

From where I was standing I could see what was going on at the next table. There was the cheerleader sitting on the stool and she was sucking the other guy's dick but couldn't get all of him in. It turned me on even more watching a cheerleader with a guy's dick in her mouth and knew when I saw her on the sidelines cheering this image would be going through my head. I even looked at the other end of the table where the virgin was trying to take Bill's big dick in her mouth, but couldn't. It seemed that the guys had all of us doing the same thing at the same time like it was planned and had done this before. 

Bob then help Amy to her feet and said time to set you on the altar, but first kiss your roommate as we kissed and hugged. Then pulled her over as she put her arms around him and grabbed her ass cheeks and lifted her up as she wrapped her legs around his waist and they kissed. Bob turned and placed her on the altar like Bill had done with us earlier. Bob played with her body bringing her to an intense orgasm. He stood up and had the other 2 girls hold her legs apart then slowly ran his fingers down her body bring her to a body orgasm. Bob sat down on the stool and spread her pussy lips and said let's have a look at your pussy and see what Bill did to you, then said it looks like Bill really tore your hymen up in six places. Your little hymen fingers are still sensitive and that is what doctors call the hymen ring. That is where your feelings are as a dick slides in you. We all looked and could still see the tears in her hymen that was still red with blood. I could even see little ribbons of blood in her girl juice as it ran out of her pussy and down her asshole. Bob said it doesn't look like we can eat her out while she is still bleeding, so I will have to be very gentle with her as not to get her too sore on her first night. Then Bob took several pictures of her pussy, even had the other girls spread her lips open for a couple of close up shots of her broken hymen, then had us do a group shot. 

When I saw a flash go off at the next table, I looked over to see the cheerleader lying on the table with her legs spread wide and held open by the other girls. I could see her shaved pussy on display. The guy was sitting between her wide open legs taking pictures of her up close and further back and even had the girls spread her pussy apart as the flashes continued. In fact there were lots of flashes going off in the room. Then he started eating her out. I don't know why it turned me on so much but knowing she was a cheerleader really had me going. 

Meanwhile Bob told Amy that since her pussy was so tender he would have to go slow with her, so this is a good time for a lesson in sexology so you can get to know your body and what she is capable of. The teachings of Zen requires that we get to know all about our bodies and yours and how to control them, so pay attention. He stood up and said time for the lesson to start. He had the other girls hold her pussy lips apart as he gently slid his dick inside her. She was so wet as he slowly worked his dick all the way inside her until his pubic hair was grinding against hers. Then he had her squeeze his dick with her vagina, then had her cough. This put a big smile on her face as Bob said, can you feel the difference in your vaginal muscles? When you cough you involuntarily contract your vagina. This will help you learn where your muscles are so you can learn to control them at will. These are the same pelvic muscles that are used to push a baby out at birth. So it is important that you exercise these muscles and make them strong, so cough again. 

As Bob continued his lesson with Amy I looked over at the Cheerleader again and the guy was sitting on the stool, eating her pussy out which set me off again. The Cheerleader let out a loud sexual howl and came while I was watching. I couldn't help but look because I was mesmerized by what I was seeing. Just think, I would be watching her on the side lines Saturday cheering the team on and I would have this vision in my mind of her getting her shaved pussy eaten by one of the players. About that time I heard the virgin on the other end of the table moan. When I looked I saw Bill eating her pussy. As I stared, Bill looked up at me with his beautiful blue eyes and smiled. That is when I saw his tongue flicking her clit then he looked down at my pussy and I knew what he wanted me to do, so I started brushing my fingers across my extremely wet and sensitive clit to each of his strokes on her clit. That is when he started kissing and sucking her clit into his lips. Her moans got louder as I brushed my clit faster until we both came together. Bill smiled at me, knowing he just made 2 girls cum at once, and he didn't even have to touch me. As I shuddered, Bob and the girls knew why I was cumming, so they looked at Bill, and cheered them on. That's when Amy came with Bob's dick buried deep in her pussy as I saw her toes curl from her intense orgasm. He said that girl's orgasms strengthen your pelvic muscles and it is excellent exercise. Then the girls holding Amy's legs open came, it was like a chain reaction. Wow, every where I looked girls were having orgasms including me. From hearing all of the sounds in the room I could tell all the other girls were cumming too. I was so over whelmed with sexual lust I hugged Bob's body and came on his leg. He put his arm around me and held me as I held on to him for support. We finally all came down.

Bob told Amy it is time for your anal lesson. Now I am going to teach you all about your anal canal and muscles and how to control them so you can learn how to milk a guy's dick dry. Then he slowly pulled his still hard and wet dick out of her pussy but stopped at her G spot for another orgasm. When he pulled out, her Girl juice started gushing from her hole and running down her asshole. Bob slid the tip of his dick up her slit to her clit then ran the under side his shaft over her clit and said I am going to clit fuck you to orgasm. After that he slid down her slit stopping at her pussy to get more girl juice on him for her asshole and spreading her juices. He would stop at her asshole nudging his head into her a little further each time getting her ready for penetration. Then he told her to relax and let him in her asshole. She let out a sharp sexual yelp and tightened her asshole around the head of his dick. He let out an O yeah, that a girl, I love it when girls squeeze my dick head with their assholes. He waited for her to relax then continued to slowly work his whole dick into her as she moaned with each thrust. When he was all the way in, he started teaching her about her anal muscles and said it feels like you already know how to control your sphincter muscle, and that is a good start. I continued to watch the other girls having sex and cumming. The cheerleader was now being eaten out by both the dancer and the guy. I looked over at the virgin and both Bill and another virgin were eating her out as the girls moaned in pleasure.

Bob continued teaching Amy about her body and asshole and how to exercise them. He was so academic explaining everything to us, like a teacher which turned me on even more if that was possible. With his dick buried inside her asshole he told her to push his dick out. As she pushed him out she smiled and said it felt really good. He said these are the same muscles you use to poop. He slid in again and told her to push his dick out but this time he kept it in her and said push again so you can massage my dick with your asshole. When she squeezed she let out a little sequel and said it really feels good and Bob agreed. He continued to exercise her a little more then said it is time to take you to nirvana so concentrate on the feeling. He told her to squeeze his dick and cum for us and show us the sexual woman in you. Her moans got louder then her whole body tightened up as she let out another sexual howl and came for us. Of course we all came with her as Bob let out a loud moan and said Oh baby, give yourself to me. Then she went limp.

Then the cheerleader let out a loud sexual sigh as she came from the double oral she was getting, then the virgin started coming from Bill and the other girl, then the 2 girls at our table came again. We were all cumming at the same time again which made it even more erotic and sexually exciting. The guys were just playing with us and our bodies, driving us to countless orgasms. I was just craving this sexual feeling I was getting from everything going on around me, like it wasn't really happening. As we all came down Bob told Amy how fine she was and how good she felt inside. I can tell you are going to be the perfect sexual girl as she smiled with this dreamy look on her face. Then he slowly pulled his dick from her asshole as she let out a little shriek. As his dick fell out of her, she stayed open because she was so stretched and relaxed and I could see up inside her rectum. She was all pink inside, what a sight. I couldn't believe I was looking up my roommate's asshole. Then he had me suck my roommate's juices off of his hard dick, which I gladly did, as I had tasted her before. 

After a while, he helped her off the altar and set her on the stool then told her to suck his dick clean and get him ready for me. She did as she was told and started licking and sucking what is left of her juices off and even took his whole dick in her mouth again. Then I hear Bill ask the virgin if she was ready to become a woman and she cried oh yes then Bill said it will only hurt a little and told her to just relax. I looked over to see Bill penetrate her virgin pussy as she let out a loud orgasmic yelp. Bill had just taken another virgin. Hearing her cry, I felt the same pain shoot through me that I had just experienced when Bill took my virginity. This set me off again. Bill then announced that he had turned another girl into a woman and every body clapped and cheered. I looked over at the cheerleader and the guy was giving her lessons in sexology on her body like we were getting from Bob. 

Bob pulled me close and said it was my turn. Are you ready? I said Oh yes I am ready.

He told me to suck his dick along with Amy as he told her to get on her knees so I can sit down. She moved to one side of his dick. Then he looked at our Pledge Master and said you are their Master right? She replied yes then told her to get on her knees and suck his dick along with the other pledges. He told us to kiss each other with tongue action, it was kind of crazy kissing our pledge master like this. Then he had the two girls run their lips and tongues up and down his shaft then had me start taking his dick in my mouth. He told us to look up and he took our picture. Bob asked me if I can take his whole dick in my mouth and I shook my head yes. He said I love it when a girl answers me with my dick in her mouth. As I took more of him in my mouth he had the other girls suck his balls. His dick was not as fat as Bill's so I had an easier time getting all of him in my mouth. He just let out a sexual moan in pleasure. He took our picture again then said I could do this all night, but we have to move along. 

He helped me up and looked into my eyes and told me how wonderful I am and gave me a big long kiss. I threw my arms around him as he lifted me up and I put my legs around his waist and held him tight. We kissed like that for a long time until he placed me on his sacrificial altar of sex. He continued kissing me and played with my body until I came. As he stood up he had the other 2 girls hold my legs apart, just like with Bill. He complimented me on how fine I looked and shot more pictures of me lying there. He even had the girls spread my pussy lips apart and took some close ups. I was glad I still had my pubic hair to hide me a little. About that time I heard the Cheerleader start to moan and I looked over. She was getting it in her asshole as she rolled her head my way and opened her eyes and looked at me. We both smiled at each other then she went to nirvana. Wow, that was such a beautiful sight, I came again. Bob laughed and said you are one hot babe tonight. He sat down on the stool and said lets have a look to see what kind of damage Bill did to your pussy. I felt him spread my pussy lips as I felt the cool air on the slit giving me a little rush. Ooh, he tore you several new ones. Your hymen is torn in about 7 pieces and you are going to have a cute hymen ring. Since you still have traces of blood in your girl juice I will give you a lesson in sexology, I will teach you about your body and how to control her. He just seemed so academic about it which got me more excited. 

He slowly slid inside me until he was grinding his pubic hair to mine. He continued to do the same thing to me as he had done to Amy. He taught me all about my body especially my pelvic and anal muscles and how to exercise them. With his dick in my pussy he had me squeeze his dick then cough. I could really feel the difference. He even taught me how to use my anal muscles. He had me push his dick out of my asshole a couple of times then had me try to push his dick out again, but left it in me. He felt so big in me as I rolled my anal muscles over him, which felt great to both of us. He gave me numerous orgasms until I shot to nirvana. It was even stronger than before, it felt so amazing. I could even see him put his head back and let out a loud sexual growl and said that's right baby give your self to me. As I came down I opened my eyes and saw everyone looking down at me smiling and asked how it was. After a while he slowly slid his dick out of me. I could tell my asshole was relaxed and open like Amy's was as I watched everyone look up me down there, I even felt the cool air rushing into my stretched asshole which gave me another shudder and he took more pictures. He helped me off of the altar and sat me on the stool to catch my breath and suck his dick clean. He even had the other girls join in again. 
