 I opened my eyes and looked around the room I was in. You know the feeling when you wake up somewhere other than your own room. The room looks familiar but I'm still not sure. Then it hit me; I'm in my best friend's apartment living room. So I sat up real fast and then it hit me, the waves of nausea. Even my eyeballs were hurting.

I stood up and staggered a moment; I then headed to the bathroom to loose whatever is left in my stomach. 

Coming out of the bathroom I ran into Carl my buddy. "Hey Carl, how are you doing bud"? I asked sounding like I was gargling with whiskey in my throat.

Carl kind of looked surprised to see me. "Rick, what the hell are you doing here"?

"Carl, I was kind of hoping you would tell me." Now I was kind of getting worried. How did I get here? Why aren't I at home?

"Well, last I remembered you were talking to this women last night and I kind of got involved with this gal who is still in my bed." He pointed to his bedroom and I looked in and there in his bed was a long legged woman with her back to me.

I smiled and chuckled, "nice butt."

"Not bad if I do say so myself." He went into the bathroom and I went back to the living room.

After a few minutes Carl came back out and came into the living room. He looked out the window and said "well at least your car is here and it's in good shape." He shook his head; "if you don't remember how you got here then someone was watching over you."

"I agree my friend." I chuckled well this is one for the books. "Are you going drinking tonight? I imagine I'll be ready for a little hair of the dog that bit me by 7:00 - 8:00 tonight."

"Ok but for now I've got some unfinished business in the other room." Carl started towards the bedroom but then the bedroom door opened and out walked the lady. 

"Well Good Morning. This is great. I go to bed with one guy and I wake up with two." She walked up to us and took both our hands and started walking towards the bedroom. "Come on. This sounds like a fun way to start a day."

I looked at Carl and he at me. We had never before done a lady together but frankly I was flat turned on about the thought of completely screwing this women with Carl. 

Carl just winked at me and smiled. "Are you ready for a round of fun"? 

Well it sounds like a lot of fun. "Let's see what we can do."

Once we got into the bedroom I reached over and planted a big kiss right on the lady's mouth. It was returned deeply with a purr. Carl sat down in this chair he has in the corner of the room. 

"You guys have fun. I'm going to watch for a while why you get to know each other." Carl has always been kind of a pervert. He likes to watch.

I smiled and went to work. I kissed her and said, "I always like to know the name of someone I'm going to have sex with. What's yours"? Before she could answer I placed my mouth on her neck and started kissing and nibbling down her throat to her collarbone to the top of her breast. She took a deep breath and said "Carla." 

I said "well Carla I'm going to get to know you very, very well." With that I traced down her breast with my mouth to her nipple and teased it with the tip of my tongue. Carla's hand went around the base of my neck and her fingers went through my hair.


"Hmmmm...my nip feels so good." She purred.

While my mouth was working over her breasts I wrapped my arms around her and picked her up. I walked over to the bed and placed her on her back. I started kissing down her stomach to the top of her pubic mound. Fantastic, her pussy was shaved and there was a fluff of fur left at the top. With my fingers I teased the fur at the top and then with my tongue I slowly kissed, liked and nibbled my way up and down her outer lips. Carla's light moan told me I was hitting the mark. While I continued up and down her lips I was stroking her outer hips and legs. Her pussy was starting to moisten up pretty well. A very sweet taste.

My tongue then took a swipe into the middle of her pussy hitting the moist center. I found her small nub and took a gentle nibble with the tip of my teeth. This gave me a strong moan for my troubles. I looked up at Carla and smiled. Her face arching and her eyes were closed. It appears she is enjoying herself, good.

I started really working her nub with my tongue alternating between that and dipping into her hole and then back again. Carla by this time was rocking back and forth and sometimes jerking when I would take a long lick of the nub. Then I concentrated on it nibbling a little harder and licking a little longer. Carla starting jerking hard and then she sat up grabbing my head. 

"Oh my God that felt incredible." She looked down at me and her eyes were fogged with passion. "Please come on up on the bed. It's time for me to make you feel as good as you've made me feel."

I pulled off the rest of my clothes and climbed up on the bed put a couple of pillows up on the headboard and then laid on my back. I kind of expected her to lay down between my legs and start sucking me but instead she straddled my body facing down towards my cock and buried her pussy into my face.

Her pussy was soaking wet from the attention I had give it earlier and then her mouth went down on my cock. She didn't nibble at the tip, she didn't slowly work her way down, she deep throated me the first thrust of her mouth. While I'm not huge by any stretch of the imagination I'm not small either. I'm a good six inches hard and I'm very thick. I had never had a woman go this deep on me this fast.

Carla started pumping up and down on my cock with her mouth and stopping at the head to twist around on the top. She was moaning doing this as much as she was moaning when I was working on her. What the hell let's give her something to moan about.

I placed both my hands on her sexy ass and buried my face into her pie. I started working on her with my tongue. I buried my tongue deep into her hole and she raised her head up off my dick and moaned very loudly. She started bucking and moving her sexy ass and then she placed her mouth back on my cock. For fun I quickly worked on her nub and her head went up again. This time she bucked and squirmed and came all over my face. A lot of liquid came out of this girl. I didn't mind in the slightest. Carla climbed off me in the 69 position and kissed me and licked my face.

"I want to ride you." She looked at me waiting for something.

It hit me then, condom time. I looked over at Carl still sitting in the chair jerking off. He smiled and laughed, "in the drawer on your right Rick. Enjoy, I've got plenty." I started to reach for them and Carla caught my hand pulled it back. She opened the drawer and pulled out a Trojan. She tore the package open and stuck the condom in her mouth. Immediately she started sucking my cock again. I looked down and with her mouth she had put the rubber on me like a professional. 

Carla hopped up on top of me and with no hesitation impaled herself on me. This had me taking a deep breath. She laid down on top of me and started kissing me very deeply. I tasted some of my pre-cum on her tongue. I didn't mind, I was in heaven.

Carla sat up and stared grinding away on my cock. Very quickly I felt things starting to come to a head. I started trying to concentrate on not cumming. My hands went to her hips and I arched my back raising her up and causing her to smile. "I'm going to cum Carla." I told her straining.

Carla chuckled and said "do you want to cum inside me or do you want me to jerk you off"

I want to cum inside you I groaned. With that I reached up and grabbed her pulling her down into my embrace and started shooting and groaning. It seemed like I was cumming forever. I held on to her for a few minutes letting the intensity subside and then she climbed off of me catching the rubber before it came off. She is a sweetie; she pulled it off of me and disposed of the juice.

I sat up and went to the bathroom to get a drink and take a piss. When I came back Carla was on top of Carl pumping away for all she was worth. "You guys having fun" I chuckled as I came in.

Carla looked up from what she was doing and said "get your cock ready, I want you in my ass."

Ok so my fantasy was being stroked. I started jerking off as quickly as possible. I went over to Carl's dresser and picked up a tube of KY. I added a squirt of it to the mix and really started jacking off. Quickly my dick was hard again. 

I climbed on the bed and put another shot of KY on my hand. I swirled it between both hands getting it nice and warm. I leaned over Carla as she was still riding Carl and gently stroked her beautiful asshole. With the KY on my hand I inserted my middle finger into her ass. Carla immediately sat up with a deep intake of breath. I kissed her neck and said "would you like me to stop"?

Carla turned her head around and kissed me and told me "no way lover, I want you in me. It will just take a while."

"I'll be patient, I just don't want to hurt you." So I gently started stroking her asshole and once again inserted my middle finger. I slowly inserted my finger to the second knuckle. Carla was starting to either get loosened up more or she was having her attention taken off the situation by Carl's cock. Either way I was going to continue. By now I had my middle finger all the way in. I pulled out a little bit so I could insert a second finger. Now Carla's sweet little ass started twitching back and forth and rocking. Was kind of cute to watch.

I looked at Carl and caught his eye. He nodded his ok for me to go to work while he was still in Carla. So I rubbed my dick a few more times to harden it, quickly I pulled on a condom and then placed the head at Carla's opening. Carla was rocking still and so I waited for her push back towards me. When she did I thrust into her.

"Ohhhhhhh Carla stated as I went into her about two inches. On her next rock backwards I buried myself all the way in. I placed some weight on her and thus on Carl. Then I started pumping her. I was in Nirvana.

I kept it up and reached down pinching her nipples. She started groaning and moaning even more sharply than before. "Please, oh please" she yelped. I wasn't going to stop now. I was having way too much fun. I felt her then starting to buck and cum. With that extra movement she then started Carl cumming. I could actually feel the throbbing from his dick. It was funny I started cumming as well.

We laid there, all three of us spent. I'm sure I wasn't making it comfortable for Carl but I really didn't want to move and pull out of Carla. Finally Carl said, "Rick time to get off."

I climbed off and pulled off my condom. I walked out to the bathroom and pitched it. I started to take a leak and I felt Carla's hand around my dick guiding the urine stream into the toilet. I looked down and Carla looked up smiling. "What are you doing tonight lover?"