 I got a call from Rachel and she was upset, her and Adam had gotten into a huge fight, she had tried to get a hold of Randy and couldn't, so she called me. She had had enough. She couldn't take it anymore. She wanted to come out here for a while to get away from all of it. She had no where else to go, and needed out. The problems was, was that she didn't have the money to come out here. She asked if it was at all possible for us to buy her the ticket and she would pay us back when she could. But she wanted out that day. She didn't want to wait a week or two. I called my husband at work and explained the situation to him. 

He said, "Well, if we can swing it, then I don't have a problem with it." 

I made a few calls and I got her a ticket that left Phoenix that day. It was the red eye, but I got a good deal on the ticket thanks to a friend that works for an airline company. I called her to let her know that I had gotten her the ticket and all she had to do was get to the airport to board her plane. I told her I would be at the airport to pick her up when she landed. 

She was nervous 'cause she had never flown before, well she had never left Phoenix for that matter. I told her she would be fine, and she needed to hurry up and pack so she wouldn't miss her flight. I had to call work to see if I could take leave since Rachel was coming in to town. I wasn't going to work with her here, but I couldn't get anyone to answer the phone, so I called Julie's number. She answered and I asked her where everyone was. She said that they were all in a meeting next door, but she didn't have to be there, and asked what was up. So I told her that I needed to talk to Bill to see if I could take time off for about a week since my friend was coming into town and she was having some issues that I needed to be there for. 

I briefly told her about Rachel's situation and she understood and thought it was cool that I would take care of her like that. I told her that Rachel and I had been friends since kindergarten and my husband and I had talked about getting her to come out her for a while to try and think things through. She said that she didn't think me taking the time off would be a problem 'cause I didn't have any pressing projections and there wasn't much going on. She actually said that she was going to be off the rest of the week too 'cause she just needed a break. I told her I didn't blame her and asked if she was going to Columbia to be with Steve.

She said "Nope, I am just going to hang out and do absolutely nothing and enjoy it." 

I told her that the 3 of us should get together this week then and hang out. We didn't have kids and I figured I would take Rachel out and show her the sites since she'd never been out of Phoenix. She said that she thought that would be fun and that she'd give me a call later in the week to plan something. 

I called Alan back at work and told him that I had gotten Rachel a ticket and that I had gotten the week off of work too. 

He said, "Cool, you guys will have plenty of time to just relax and hang out." 

I spent the rest of the day cleaning the house and getting the room ready for Rachel. Her flight didn't come in til about 3 or so in the morning, so I went to bed early and set the alarm for 2. When the alarm went off I just brushed my teeth and went to the airport in my jammies. I didn't give a damn. Rachel got off the plane and she looked like hammered shit. It had been a long day for her and she had been crying for pretty much the past 2 days. 

When she saw me, she just came up and gave me a big hug and said, "thank you for doing this for me. You don't know how much this means to me." We went down and got her luggage and I brought her back to the house. It was close to 4 by the time we got home, and she was beat, so I showed her the room and the bathroom and told her to get some rest and I would see her when she got up. I climbed back in bed and told Alan that she was here and resting, so to please be quiet in the morning. He said ok, and rolled over to hold me, and we went back to sleep. 

Alan's alarm went off at 6 and I felt like crap, so I stayed in bed while he got ready for work. Before he left, he kissed me and said rather mischievisously, "have a good day, don't do anything I wouldn't do." 

I said, "Don't worry, I won't", and I rolled back over to get some more sleep. 

It was around 9 when I rolled over and looked at the clock. So I got up out of bed and went out into the living room to see if Rachel had gotten up yet. She was still in bed, so I started making breakfast. In a few minutes, she came out of the room. She looked a little better since she had finally gotten some sleep, but still looked tired, probably from crying so much. I made us a light breakfast and we sat out on the patio to eat. I asked her how she felt, and she said better since she wasn't in Phoenix anymore. We just kinda laughed and finished our breakfasts. As we were clearing the table, the phone rang, it was Alan seeing if we had gotten up yet, and I said that we had just finished breakfast. He asked what we had planned for the day, and I said probably nothing since she just got in. 

He said, "Ok, if you decide to do anything, just be careful." 

I said I would and told him I loved him. Rachel said she was jealous of our relationship, that he actually seemed to love and care about me and that I was the same way with you. She wished that she had that with someone, whether it was Adam or Randy, either one, but she didn't. And that drove her nuts. 

I told her that was why she was here, to try and figure out what direction her life needed to take. She was stuck in limbo right now and needed to make a decision on where to go. I told her why don't we get showered and ready and go do some running. If anything just take a quick tour out and about to see the highlights of Charleston and we would do a more in depth tour later, but at least to get out of the house. She said that she would like to see where me and Alan both worked, and I said that I would give him a call after we got ready and I would take her up to his work. I set towels out for her so that she could shower in the hall bath and she asked if I was going to shower too, I said yes that I was going to use the master bath shower. She asked if it would be all right if she showered with me. We had done it 100s of times before when we were kids, but not since we had grown up. 

It kind of shocked me and I said, "Are you sure?" 

And she said, "Yeah, why not? We've already seen each other's tits, and a pussy is a pussy right?" 

I laughed and said ok. But I have to admit I was quite excited about the prospect of showering with her. Of course me and Alan had talked about me and her being together, but I never thought it would actually happen. Not trying to put the cart before the horse, but showering together was quite the step for me. I ran the water and let it warm up and I got undressed and got in, she came into the bathroom after I had already gotten in and asked if she could join me, and I said sure. My pussy was wet. 

The thought of her in the shower with me, regardless if she meant it in a sexual way or not, had me hot and bothered, and I so desperately wanted her. But at the same time thought, "What the hell am I thinking?" I tried not to let on that I wanted to taste her. 

But she asked, "What's wrong? You look like something is bothering you?" 

I said "no, nothing." And she asked if it was 'because we were showering together? And I said no, but she knew I was lying. 

She said, "If you want me to get out, I will." 

I told her no, that she was fine and said, "Don't worry about it, it's nothing." 

I was trying not to look at her body, but her nipples were hard from the water and I couldn't help but look at her pussy. I haven't seen a pussy other than mine in real life like this and it made my mouth water. I leaned my head back in to the water to wet my hair and let the hot water wash over me. When I did, she said that my tits looked awesome, I said, well thank you, and kept rinsing my hair. I lathered it up with shampoo and conditioner and when I was rinsing the conditioner out, I felt Rachel's hand on my pussy. I jumped back because I wasn't expecting it. I looked at her and she was just standing there smiling. 

She said, "I just couldn't resist. The water was just running off of your pussy and it looks so good since you just had it waxed, I couldn't help it. Do you mind?" 

I said, "Well, I don't know." But what I really wanted was her to put her hand back. My mouth was saying one thing and my mind was screaming another. I said, "Rachel, are you sure about this? I know you are upset and we have joked about this a lot, but have you really thought about it?" And she said that she had done nothing but think about it for a while and yes, that's what she wanted. She wanted her first time to be with me. She said that she understood if I didn't want to, that I may not be ready for it. I told her that it wasn't that I didn't want to, but wanted to make sure that she knew what she was getting into. That her emotions are all up in a tizzy 'cause of what was going on in her life, she didn't need something else to deal with. That I had in fact wanted it too, but didn't want to appear to be taking advantage of her and her situation. 

She said, "You're not taking advantage of me, I'm taking advantage of you." 

She got on her knees in the shower and started licking my pussy. It was everything I could do to keep standing up. She was fucking me with fingers and sucking on my clit. She said that my pussy tasted so good, she didn't know why she waited so long to do this. She kept moaning into my pussy and the vibrations on top of her tongue and her fingers in my pussy were too much to bear. I was already worked up on my own seeing her in the shower with me and imagining what her pussy would taste like. Now I was getting my pussy licked and fucked by her. I couldn't take it anymore and I told her I was getting ready to cum. I kept saying, "don't stop Rachel, and please don't stop. I'm gonna cum..." She kept lapping at my clit and fucking me hard with her fingers, that in what seemed like hours, but I know it was only a few seconds I started cumming... and she kept licking and sucking and fucking me she didn't slow down to let me bask, she just kept going and I kept cumming... one wave after another... she finally slowed down a bit to let me catch my breath.

She started giggling telling me that she didn't know a person could cum like that... I just smiled. We hurried up and finished taking our shower 'cause the water was starting to turn cold. We stepped out of the shower and I sat her up on the counter in the bathroom and I started kissing her... I kissed down her neck and down to her titties; they were hard and begging to be licked. With one hand I was gently rolling her nipple in between my thumb and forefinger as I licked and sucked on her other nipple... She sat back with her head on the mirror and her hand on the back of my head. She said that no matter how many times she has had this done before, this was the most amazing. I went to her other titty ('cause I didn't want it to feel left out) and licked and sucked on it for a bit, then I started kissing down her belly. I got right above her pussy and she was arching her back and pushing her hips up to me telling me to lick it... "Please lick my pussy. Let me feel your tongue." 

Wanting to return the favor she gave to me earlier, I obliged her request. I made my tongue as flat as it could be and I licked from her taint all the way to her clit, very slowly. She moaned her pleasure. I couldn't decide what I wanted to do next. I wanted to do everything at once, but didn't want to rush it. But then I figured, we can always have do-overs right? I took 2 fingers and slid them in her pussy. It was so wet and so hot, her pussy felt like it was on fire. The juices started running over my hand and she started moaning my name over and over. I latched on to the top of her pussy with my mouth and started flicking her clit with my tongue. Her taste was strong and sweet. I had never tasted anything like it before and I wanted more. I wanted to make her cum like she had made me cum. I wanted to drive her wild with pleasure. Within a few seconds of flicking her clit and fingering her hot wet pussy, she was cumming. I could feel the walls of her pussy trembling with the building of her orgasm, and soon her thighs started shaking and the trembling in her pussy became squeezing as she was screaming my name. I knew I should stop so that she could revell in it, but I didn't want to, I wanted to keep making her cum over and over again. I didn't stop the assault on her clit or the fucking I was doing with my fingers. 

She finally got to the point were she couldn't take any more and pushed me away. She pulled me up to her face and kissed me deeply. Tasting her pussy all over my tongue and my mouth. When we were done kissing, she looked at me and all she could say was, "wow." 

I laughed and said, "Well, where do we go from here?" 

She said, "we wash all the cum off of our faces, we get ready and we go see your hubby's work!" I laughed and agreed. We got ready like we did when we were in school, trying on different clothes, taking time to do our hair and make-up and giggling. It was fun. 

We got in the car to go to his work, and I got nervous. She could tell something was wrong, and asked me what was bothering me, fearing that I had regretted our shower. I said that I was nervous about going to see Alan, and that I had to tell him what we had done. She said that he wouldn't get mad, so there was nothing for me to be nervous about; I knew she was right, but I still had little bit of doubt in me. When we got to his work, the doubt I had, had disappeared and it was replaced with pure orneriness. I knocked on the door and one of the guys let me in. I introduced Rachel to everybody and went into his office. Since this was the first time that Alan had actually got to meet her, I formally introduced them. They exchanged pleasantries and we made small talk. Thinking about what Rachel and I had down in our bathroom was making me hot all over again, and I wanted to tell him so bad. I got the perfect opportunity to tell him when Rachel said she needed to make a call and she stepped out back to use her cell phone. 

She left the office and Alan said, "did you decide what you were gonna do today?" All I could do was smile, he saw the look on my face and he knew. He started smiling too and said, "You SLUT!" I couldn't do anything but laugh. He said, "I want details... ALL OF THEM." 

I said, "maybe, but I will tell you this... her pussy is good. It is hot and wet and sweet, and I can't wait to make her cum on my face again..." He looked at me as if to say, you bitch, but didn't say anything 'cause Rachel walked back into the office. She took one look at us and knew I had told him. She nervously asked, if she missed anything while she was gone. Alan said, no she didn't but he obviously did. We laughed and said we were going to go. He couldn't walk us out, 'cause he had a nice huge boner in his khaki's and didn't want anyone else to see it. I understood and just gave him a kiss and said, "We'll see you this afternoon..." We spent the afternoon driving around and talking. It was like old times. 

We came home a few hours later, and Alan wasn't off work yet. We decided to make dinner together for him, that way when he got home, he'd have dinner waiting on him. I called at work to see what time he'd be home, and he said that you were locking up and would be home shortly. 

When Alan got to the house and walked through the door, he couldn't believe his eyes. Rachel and I were cooking in the kitchen all right, but all we were wearing were aprons, thongs and heels. Dinner was ready, but surprisingly enough, we weren't very hungry. I could see he had significant blood flow to his cock, but had to tease him a little bit. I stood behind Rachel and put my hands under her apron to play with her titties. Alan said that wasn't fair. 

I laughed and said, "Well, why don't you go and take a shower and we'll see what we can do." He had to have taken the quickest shower in the history of mankind, 'cause it didn't seem like he was gone long. 

He came out dressed in only boxers and socks. Rachel and I had taken off our aprons, but left our thongs and heels and we were sitting on the couch kissing and rubbing each others titties. He sat on the loveseat and just kind of took it all in. I asked what he wanted to do and he said he wasn't sure, maybe just watch for now. I asked if there was anything in particular he wanted to see, and he said, "All of it... I want to see all that you can do to each other." Since Rachel and I had pretty much explored everything earlier in the bathroom... taken each other with a reckless abandon, we decided that we'd take it slow and easy for him, and this time take the time to appreciate each other, instead of attacking each other. 

We kissed slowly, taking the time to search out each other's mouths and take in our scents and taste. Slowly and sensually, we rubbed each other's nipples and took turns taking them in our mouths. Alan had lost his boxers by now and was stroking his cock. I don't think I had ever seen it so hard. Rachel spread her legs and I started rubbing her pussy over her thong. She was watching him stroke his cock and was enjoying the rubbing I was doing. She told me to stand up and take off my thong. I stood up and she pulled my thong down around my ankles, and pushed me back on the couch. Then she lifted my legs off the ground and held them up over her head, but spread them apart so she could get to my pussy. She buried her face in my hot wet cunt, it felt so good, I looked over at Alan, and he had this look of disbelief on his face. He didn't know what to do, so I motioned for him to come closer, I took his cock in hand and started licking on it. He was leaking like a water faucet, oh how I love the sticky sweet taste of his cum. I took some of it on my finger and smeared it in my pussy so that Rachel could taste his cum and my pussy combined. I told Rachel to move, 'cause I wanted to feel his cock in me, but I didn't want her to go far, I wanted her to sit on my face and watch as he fucked me nice and slow. She straddled my face and she was already wet and dripping, I lapped up every bit of her juices. Alan had a hold of my heels, with my thong wrapped around my ankles and was slowly driving his cock in and out of me. 

Watching me lick Rachel's pussy and watching his cock getting swallowed up by my pussy was getting to be too much for him, and I could feel him starting to swell. I told Rachel that he was about to cum and if she wanted some of it, she'd better get down there and get her some. She was still sitting on my face, but leaned down to lick on my clit as he was fucking me, and that did it, he pulled out and started shooting your cum all over my pussy and her face... she was licking my clit and he was shooting on her tongue and face. My husbands swelling always causes me to cum, and with her licking on my clit, I didn't stand a chance... however neither did she, I knew that we were about to cum, so I didn't hold anything back when it came to eating her pussy, and about the time that Alan shot his first rope on her tongue, she was feeling the waves of her orgasms... It was wonderful, the three of us all came together, and she got to taste his cum. 

Well, our dinner had gotten cold, but that was ok. We threw the stuff in the microwave, ate a quick snack and went to bed. Surprisingly enough, we were spent. The 3 of us all slept in the bed together. The next morning when the alarm went off, Rachel and I thought we'd send Alan off to work with a smile, so before he got out of bed, we pulled the covers back and started slurping on his hardening cock. We took turns stroking and licking his cock and pulling his balls. With 2 hands on his cock, 2 hands on his balls and seeing his wife kiss her best friend with his cock in the middle was a pretty awesome sight. I would lick down one side of his cock while she licked up one side, all the while tugging on his balls. I could feel Alan getting harder and I knew he was going to cum, so I covered his cock with my mouth while she stroked his cock and he shot his warm sticky sweet juice in my mouth, I swallowed a little bit, but wanted to share with Rachel, so after he shot his last salvo, I grabbed Rachel's head and gave her a deep kiss, pushing his cum into her mouth. She greedily gulped it down and licked the inside of my mouth clean. We finished cleaning his cock up, and let him get ready for work. We however, wanted to be lazy, so we got back under the covers.
