 Steve, who must have been up a while, not only enthusiastically applauded when I came inside his wife, he'd also fixed us a wonderful breakfast. Gayle and I caught our breath and got up to brush our teeth and come to the kitchen, Gayle stopping to kiss her husband passionately, my cum running down her legs. I wandered into the kitchen and sat down to scrambled eggs and bacon. Steve leaned over my shoulder at the table to pour my coffee and I felt something hard rub against my shoulder, under his bathrobe.

"Put the coffee down," was all I said as I reached under his robe, feeling his hard and dripping cock. He did as he was told and I pulled the tie off his robe as I swiveled in the kitchen chair towards him. His dick looked so delicious. I grabbed it and rubbed it gently around my face, letting my morning stubble create a little friction and a feeling I know his wife couldn't deliver. His cock got thicker in my hand, throbbing now, and I licked around his helmet.

Steve moaned and Gayle walked behind him, sliding his robe off and pulling up her tee shirt so her breasts were pushing into his back now. That's how she had woken me up, this girl knew how to use her titties! I could hear her whispering to him,

"Did you like watching him fuck me Steve? Like how hard and fast he was going?" And I opened my mouth and swallowed his cock while I gently cupped his balls. Steve had no chance.

"Fuck his mouth baby, just like he fucked by pussy. I saw her stick two finger in her slit, and with my mouth around Steve's cock, I watched her stick them in his mouth, he sucked on her fingers like he was the one giving the blow job. His cock got bigger, he grabbed me by the hair and fucked my mouth just like I had fucked his wife's pussy a few minutes before. 

Payback was wonderful.

For decades I had wished for this, a no holds barred bisexual threesome, where everyone pleased one another with no worries about roles, machismo, or if someone would freak out. The only person who was freaking out at the moment was Steve who was getting serviced at the breakfast table by his wife and his bisexual lover. 

That's it, I was their lover, what a lovely thing to be called, I was their lover! 

Well I grabbed my male lover's ass, feeling the goosebumps as he went deep into my throat and fired ropes of cum. He must have shot 6 or 7 times before his cock went soft and I eagerly swallowed every drop, grateful for the opportunity to get mine. Within an hour I had made this beautiful man and his beautiful wife explode in orgasm. 

Steve pulled me up off his cock, "Good morning," he whispered and he kissed me deeply, tasting himself and his seed as his tongue searched my mouth. Steve is a strong, lean guy, very athletic, and it felt wonderful to be in his arms. Gayle, smiled behind him, tears of joy streaming down her face. Steve had applauded when I came in his wife, she cried when he came in my mouth. 

We were on to something.

Over breakfast, and then when we moved to the hot tub we talked about what had happened. They had been looking for me as much as I had been looking for them. In the first place I was handsome and in shape, they said, not an easy thing to find. And, they said, I was sexually on the same page as they were. I liked to be strong and manly with Gayle, I was willing to be more versatile with Steve. 

I explained how I had secretly wished for this for 30 years of marriage, that I loved my wife and our family and I'd make the choice again to give up part of my sexuality for the life we built together. She was, frankly, freaked out by the thought of bisexuality, so that door was closed. I lived with that quiet desperation, but, who doesn't make compromises? Now that she had passed away, I was going to be true to myself and I was embracing my bisexuality.

I still wasn't going to advertise it, and I was still freaked out that Char had assumed that she could just put on a strapon and make me her bitch. For whatever reason, that confused me and scared me, I sort of enjoyed it, but I also felt violated and hadn't spoken to her since that night. I still had to work through the idea of being more feminine with a woman, for too many years, that had been forbidden. Steve and Gayle thought that I should explain this to her and I decided I would, she probably was wondering why I'd become so scarce. 

We all kissed and said good by, I'd be back soon, I loaded my bike onto my car and hit the road, enjoying the solitude of my ride. I was figuring things out, coming to terms with my own nature and accepting that yes, there were people out there like me, that I wasn't naughty, evil, or a mental case. I was a masculine, strong, 60 year old man who loved and adored women. I love their bodies, their softness, their wetness. But, I also love to be with a man, I like to suck cock, and I like to feel a man between my legs. These weren't competing feelings, at least with me, they were two sides of the same coin. 

I smiled at my realization and decided I had a good story to tell my girlfriend.

"Hey Siri, call Char."

I'll tell you more next time.