 Tuesday evenings seemed different recently, but I couldn't figure out why. Tuesday nights she came home later than usual from her work bar tending at a volleyball club in the past month or so, she was getting much better tips than usual, and she came into bed really horny. This Tuesday I lay in bed awaiting her excited entrance to bed, imagining all kinds of reasons why she'd come in so excited—and when she did this evening, rolling over away from me to my surprise, I wasn't having that. 

My hard on was raging, and I rolled her over to her back and climbed on top, giving her a big smooch and spreading her thighs—those incredibly firm but creamy 23 year old athletic thighs and positioned my dick at her wonderful slit, into which I slipped right in, right into an entirely swollen, spread, stretched out, cum-filled pussy. 

"What the hell?" I said. 

I pulled out and looked down at her now tearstained face. "Honey, honey—what happened?"

I was surprised, shocked, and even more turned on that I had been prior. 

"I have to tell you something," she said between tears—"and can you forgive me?" 

"I guess you do," I replied—"and I do, I promise." 

"Well, it began a few weeks ago—there became a new Tuesday night regular group of guys, from a nearby office, who were making this their boys night, playing a few hours and drinking a few more. It's dead in there those nights—they are usually the only ones there, and their tips kept getting better as we got friendlier—and as I got more flirty. It was two older guys—upper forties, big and strong and bossy guys—and two young guys, like interns or something." 

"Last week they came in to the bar very worked up—they'd just gotten a major new client, a big contract, and were psyched. They put down three hundred dollar bills, and said 'tonight, honey, we want a topless waitress—you don't mind do you?'"

"Well you know how totally stressed out we've been about money, and I'd already helped myself to a few drinks, and before I knew it I said sure- and boy was it fun. I couldn't tell you, I was so ashamed, but they never stopped staring and it got me so hot."

"Then tonight—well tonight—maybe it is easier for you to understand if you watch for yourself. I grabbed the security video of the bar before I left, and as you'll watch you'll realize why."

She turned on the video, and I saw her come out to the guys—already topless! "I couldn't help myself" she whispered to me, "It was so fun last time, and the tips!" 

I saw the excitement and hunger in their eyes, and then I saw the big boss's desire to up the stakes. "Hey hon," he said., —"tonight the skirt needs to come off too," —and puts down another three hundreds. 

My honey pretended to hesitate and blushed—"I don't know guys, that's a lot to ask, what do you think I am?" 

He put down another two hundreds, and before you knew it off came the skirt—revealing only a g-string. She'd come prepared for this possibility. 

Now the hungry eyes became hungrier, and the stares more unrelenting. She delivered them drinks, bending over to show the curve of her ass and the sway of her tits—and how could they resist patting that beautiful ass, even running hands up and down those thighs I love so much. They bought her a shot, then another—and I could see what was happening—her excitement was rising fast, and her inhibitions crashing. 

Then came a moment that completely churned my insides—when the big boss said to her, "hey honey, did you know Tom here, he's a virgin." 

I looked from the video to her face, and caught her eye—it has always been a fantasy of hers to initiate a virgin boy in her loins. Then I saw her say something that made my stomach flip—"well something really needs to be done about that, doesn't it?" 

She walked back to the bar and seemed to hesitate—and then as if summoning her courage, she threw down another shot and strutted back out to the guys. The big boss caught her eye and called her over. "A thousand bucks if you deflower this poor young guy." 

She hesitated only a moment, before replying in a trembling voice—"I'll take it—but so you know, I was going to do it for free." 

Then she walked over to Tom, gave him a kiss on his head and pulled up his chin: "is this something you want, Tom?"

He eyed her up and down, and gulped. "YES."

She turned away from his, gave a little bend and looked backwards—"you think you'd like this," pointing to her beautiful sexy body. 

"YES." 

She then climbed onto the table, turning onto her back, lifted up her knees, and scooted her ass to the edge of the table. I looked back at her, more excited watching this than ever I'd been, and she nods at me: "Can you believe this?" 

"Tom, you'll have to pull off my g string first—can you do that?" She eyed him, and lifted her butt as he reached down and grabbed the string around her waist and pulled them off her crotch, and out of her ass, where they'd become deeply embedded. It became evident as he pulled them up her long legs and over her kicked up feet how wet they were—she was ready and eager for this. 

He stood back to enjoy the view, and she spread her legs wide enough for all four guys to enjoy. Her fabulous pussy was on full display, engorged, pink and red and shiny, lips already spreading of their own accord, thighs wet with anticipation. 

"Come on Tom, show me what you got." He dropped his shorts, and she took a breath—"oh Tom, you're going to make a lot of girls very happy." His dick was fully erect and a good nine inches long—it was impressive I could see right away, couldn't help but note how much longer it was than my own. 

She reached for it, giving it a pull or two, and his knees almost seemed to buckle right then but he pulled it together, and she did what I know she loves to dream of doing—guiding this virgin's cock to her beautiful cleft, rubbing its head up and down her slippery slit, bringing it to press hard against her clit, to which she responded with a throaty moan and squirm of her ass, something everyone watching took close observation of, before then moving that cock head down to her blossoming lips and pulled it into position. 

"Now Tom," she whispered, "now, push it in, slowly." And he did—pushing it in inch by inch, until it was half, maybe two third inside her, when he slowed to a stop—unsure. She moaned again, writhed that butt of hers, and pulled herself up to look him in the eye—"now, all the way, give me all of it," and he responded with a deep thrust all the way in, pausing for a moment, only to hear her say now, now, now fuck me. 

He pulled back, pushed back, and groaned "ohhhhhh" as he ejaculated his boyish cum deep into her womb. Embarrassed, he pulled himself out and backed away. 

Everyone paused for a moment, unsure what came next—and then their eyes went to my honey, still lying on her back, thighs spread wide, and squirming still. The big boss didn't hesitate any longer: "you know Steve hasn't had much experience either, and I think maybe we can squeeze him in to, if that is ok with you hon?" 

She looked up, and said "yes, oh yes, I need more, come to me Steve." Steve didn't hesitate, and inserted himself right in, but lasted only a little bit longer, before withdrawing himself, cum still spurting onto her lips and pubes. 

My beautiful blonde girl wasn't done—I could see that squirming ass writhing on that table, saw her hand slip down to her crack and her finger begin to stroke her clit, and then heard her moan—"I need a man, a real man, to fuck my pussy hard." 

I looked over at my sweet girl lying in bed next to me watching as avidly as I was- and she nodded. "God did I need it right then," she whispered to me. I could only nod as my cock throbbed harder. 

The big boss man—six feet four, probably, 45 and broad shouldered stepped right up and dropped his shorts, to show a veined, thick, long cock—so much bigger than my own, and looked down at her: "I know what you need, honey, I know exactly what you need."

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh please, please, please," she whimpered. He entered her swiftly, then leaned back and grabbed her legs by the insider of her knees to push them hard up to her tits, giving him full and deep access to her cunt, and giving her full access to her clit. 

"Go ahead and frig yourself honey—you deserve this too." 

She didn't need any persuading, and I saw her stroke herself hard as he pumped vigorously, in and out, in and out, deeper and deeper, for what seemed like forever and heard her moans then screams "yes- yes- yes- oh god oh god oh god oh god" and then I saw her legs kick and her chest lift and her spasms rip through her and he groaned to and sank and shot his cum deep into my beautiful girl's lovely beloved tender pussy. 

"Was it over yet," I wondered. I looked over at her with that query on my mind, and she read it quickly—and shook her head with a downward glance, embarrassed, struggling with a bit of shame. 

"I'm sorry," she whispered, "I was so excited." 

The other older guy stepped up—another big strong volleyball playing fifty year something, who reeked a bit of testosterone and woman-handling. I saw her look up at him, and then down at his raging hard-on—and noticing as she did on the video that it was already lubed up with some kind of Vaseline or something. 

I then swallowed deeply as I heard her gasp and say "Oh Joe, are you going to fuck my ass with that dick of yours? How did you know I love that?" 

"If it is ok with you, sweetie, I'd prefer a fresher hole." She lifted herself, starting to roll over to present him with her butt, when he said with a bit of growl, "I want to see every part of you, sweetie, as I fuck that sweet ass of yours. Just lie flat." He lifted her legs even higher to bring her bottom hole into line with that lubed up cock, and I could see how much he enjoyed, as I enjoyed on video, seeing her beautiful pussy, gorgeous tits, and open mouthed gasp as he began to penetrate her butt. 

Her face contorted, her eyes rolled back, and a gurgling sound emerged. I could see her gritting her teeth with the concentration required to relax herself, and then could here her grunting out the words "slow, slow, hold on, hold on, wait, ok, ok now, ok more, wait, ok, wait, now, now, now" and I saw him follow her every direction until he was fully, deeply, embedded in her tightest hole. 

She put out her hand, "hold on"—and reached again for her clit, rubbing it hard, then harder still, having him wait—and then I saw her face relax a bit more, her eyes come back into focus, and look up into his eyes—"now, fuck me, fuck my ass- FUCK ME HARD." 

He didn't have to be told again, and before a moment more elapsed he was fucking my sweetie's ass as if it were a cunt, deep, long and hard strokes, faster and faster, harder and harder, as she kept rubbing her clit with all her might and then bam—they both came with full force. 

Joe lifted himself off of her, and leaned back first, then back into give her a kiss. "Thank you sweetie—that was wonderful." 

He stepped away, and there remained a last long look at her lying on the table, legs slack, thighs apart, her own juices and the cum of four men running and pooling in her slit and on the table below—and I could see her smile as she said "you guys are my best customers," before pulling herself up and walking over to collect her clothes. 

I turned off the video—and looked back to my sweetie. "You're not mad, you promise?" she asked me. 

"No—I'm not, I'm just so hot for you right now."

More relaxed now, she pulled me on top of her. "Just don't take too long, honey. I'm a little bit sore." 

I didn't take long at all.