 Author's Note: This story is based on another request I received via e-mail. The context of the e-mail is as follows:

Walterio,

I enjoy your stories and you are one of my favorite literotica authors. I have a favor to ask and that is you write about a fantasy of mine that I often think about. It goes back to the 1960's when I was in my mid-twenties. I lived in a modest house next to a woman and her two daughters. The daughters used to flirt with me but I did nothing back then. I wished that I had and it still haunts me that I didn't. The mother was also attractive to me although none of them were beauties. The two daughters would often wash the family car in their bikinis and it got me excited. I wished that I would have had a swimming pool to invite them over. I wasn't very outgoing back then. I would like you to write a story that fulfills my fantasy about having sex with the two daughters. If you want to include the mother too that would be great. Thank you!

INTRODUCTION

My name is William Jones but everyone calls me Bill. I was 25 years old and three years out of college and I was working as an accountant for a service company located in South Jersey. I had just purchased a modest three bedroom ranch home on a slab. The home had an above ground swimming pool in the back yard and it was actually a nice setup. The pool had a redwood frame with a decent size deck around it. The steps would lift up and lock along the railing securing the pool when I wasn't home. I often had friends over on the weekend during the summer months. There was also a hot tub on the back patio.

I like to swim and spent many days at the Jersey Shore but the pool was a nice venue to relax in. At 25 years old I was in decent shape. I was 6'0" tall and weighed 175 pounds. I was fit from swimming which I did at the beach and at the local YMCA during the winter months. I decided to buy a home even though I was single as there were some good buys on the market and interest rates were low. The house I purchased was in a under developed sub-division. There were two vacant lots on one side of my house, a house next to me and then three vacant lots on the other side of that house. There were only two homes at our end of the cul-de-sac. 

In the house next to me were a woman and her two daughters. The woman Jessica Prince was a single mom raising the two girls. Jessica worked as a waitress at a diner and she often worked two shifts to make as much money as she could. The two daughters Jean and Jane were twins but not identical twins. Jean had light brown curly coarse hair where as Jane had long straight blonde hair. Jane was much prettier than Jean and her mother. The two girls had just graduated from high school that summer in 1964.

Jean had a cute little figure on her but she had very small tits. Her legs were nice and shapely but her best asset was her butt. Jean had a very curvy bottom and it looked great in her bikini. Jane was more the girl next door look with her sexy 35-22-35 figure. She had firm tits, a narrow waist, a killer ass and her legs were gorgeous. Neither of the girls had very pretty faces but they were still somewhat attractive.

Jessica was a 38 year old mom who married right out of high school and she delivered the twins when she was 20 years old. Her husband abandoned the family when the twins just started high school so Jessica raised them by herself for the past four years. Jessica was a fit woman mainly from working at the diner and doing chores around the house. She looked good for her age but she too was not a most attractive woman.

One Sunday the three of them took me up on my invitation to join me in my pool. It was an enjoyable afternoon and I enjoyed looking at the three bikini clad bodies. We had a cook out on the deck and Jessica even let the girls have a beer that day. It was a pleasant day for all and when they left they thanked me. That night I lay in bed thinking about the three bikini clad females and I masturbated while fantasizing about fucking them.

Over the next several evenings while their mother was working, I sensed that the two daughters were flirting with me. I invited them over to use the pool but they declined saying they needed their mom's permission. I then invited them over for the following Sunday afternoon when their mother was home and she would join them.

AN UNEXPECTED ENCOUNTER

It was a Saturday morning and I was sitting on the deck by the pool reading the morning newspaper and sipping a cup of coffee. I was just wearing a bathing suit and tee shirt as I usually did around the pool. I noticed that Jane had come out and she was washing the family car in the driveway. Apparently Jessica had gotten a ride to work and left the car with the girls to clean. Jane was wearing her bikini and she looked over and saw me on the deck. She waved to me and then began to hose down the car. I returned to reading the newspaper but I would steal an occasional glimpse at the shapely Jane.

Then I heard voices and I realized that Jean had come out of the house. "It's about time you got out here," Jane said to her sister.

"Oh stuff it," Jean retorted.

I looked over and saw that Jean was wearing thin cotton dress. It was cut short above her knees and it reminded me of something a girl would wear over her bathing suit. Jean grabbed one of the sponges and began washing the car. Jane accidently sprayed her with the hose and Jean flipped out.

"Hey, watch it," Jean yelled at Jane.

Jane laughed and then sprayed the car again. Some of the spray hit Jean who retaliated by throwing her arm at Jane so some soap came off the sponge and hit her. Jane then sprayed Jean again and the fight was on. Jean threw the soapy sponge at Jane and then Jane turned the hose full blast on her sister. Jean was soaked and her cotton dress clung to her body. The dress was almost transparent and I could see that Jean was just wearing panties under the dress. Her tiny breasts and nipples were visible as were her panty lines. Jean then charged after Jane who kept the garden hose pointed at her. Jean was drenched by the time she reached Jane but she tried to tackle Jane. Jean lowered her head and drove her shoulder into Jane but Jane was too strong for Jean. Jane did not go down but instead she spread her legs wide and braced herself against her sister. 

It looked like it could get out of hand so I decided to intervene. I walked over to them and called out, "Girls, girls let's behave now before someone gets hurt."

They ignored me and continued to struggle. Jane had dropped the hose and it was spewing water all over the driveway and lawn. I turned of the hose nozzle to stem the flow of water and then turned back to the girls. Jean was still bent over with her arms wrapped around Jane's thighs. Jane was holding onto Jean by her dress and then pulled it up over Jean's back. I stared at Jean's naked lower body except for her panties and I couldn't tear my eyes away. Jean's panties were also wet and I could see right through them. The outline of her curvy ass was very visible through the sheer nylon. I realized that I was getting a hard-on.

As I walked toward the girls to break up their little spat, Jane looked at me and then she did something I would have never expected her to do. Jane took a hold of Jean's panties and yanked them down. I stared at Jean with her panties pulled down to her knees with her curvy bottom exposed. To this day I don't know what came over me but I walked up behind Jean, dropped my bathing suit to my ankles and slid my stiff cock into her pussy.

Jane's mouth dropped open when she saw my impressive cock in an erect state. My cock when hard is just shy of 8" long and 5" around. I know that because Betty, a girl that I had dated, measured it one time when we were in bed. It was kind of a fetish of hers to measure the cocks of the guys with whom she had sex. Jane stared at my cock and watched as I stuck it in her sister's pussy. Jean was totally caught off guard and she tried to struggle free but Jane held her securely. I held onto Jean's hips and caressed her curvy ass as I fucked her. Jane was speechless and her expression was one of awe as she watched my cock slide in and out of her sister's cunt.

I was more turned on than I thought and I soon felt that familiar surge just before I ejaculated. I wasn't sure if Jean was safe so I pulled out of her pussy just before I came. I held my cock, stroked it and shot my wad. The first several ropes of semen shot out of my cock over Jean's body and hit Jane on her bikini covered tits and her abs. Jane was stunned by the force and volume of my ejaculation. The next several streams were not as forceful and they landed on Jean's bare back. At that point Jane snapped out of her stupor, released her hold on Jean and turned to run away.

As Jane started toward her house I learned that Jean had been busy. Jean must have untied Jane's bikini bottom because when Jane started to run it fell to the ground and she almost tripped on it. I stared at Jane's lovely curvy ass as she stumbled and then ran into her house. I still had my bathing suit at my ankles and my cock was dripping cum on Jean's buttocks. At that moment the reality of what I had done struck me. Jean pulled up her panties and lowered her dress and then she stared at me. "Jean I am so sorry. I don't know what came over me. Please forgive me," I begged.

"I need to go inside," she said as she blushed.

Jean walked back into her house and I returned to mine. I sat on my deck and contemplated what I had done. A million scenarios ran through my head and I was concerned that either Jane or Jean would tell their mother. I decided to have a beer as I needed something stronger than coffee. I was trying to figure out what to do next and I was on my third beer when Jean came over and climbed up on the pool deck. She was wearing another cotton dress and it was obvious that she had cleaned up first.

"I think we should talk," Jean began.

"Jean, I am so sorry," I started to apologize again but she stopped me.

"No, its okay, I'm glad that you fucked me. Can I have a beer?" she asked.

"Of course," I replied and grabbed one out of the cooler. 

I opened it and handed it to Jean. "Do you want a glass?" I offered.

"No the bottle is fine, thanks!" she replied.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yes I'm fine. Everything happened so fast. I didn't have a chance to do anything and I didn't cum. I want to do it again so that I can cum this time," Jean said shocking me.

"What about your sister? Is she okay?" I asked.

Jean laughed and said, "Oh she's okay but she never saw anyone cum that much before. You scared her when you came on her. She was a little embarrassed that you saw her pussy and ass but she'll get over it."

"Will she tell your mother what happened?" I asked sounding concerned.

"No don't worry about that. She'll keep her mouth shut. I told her she better not tell mom or I would tell mom that she and I have been fucking each other with mom's toys," Jean revealed.

Now it was my turn to be shocked. "You two are getting it on." I said more as a question than a statement.

"Yeah, sometimes when we are horny, mom has this one dildo that looks like two dicks. It has two heads and a fake set of balls in the middle. That's our favorite because we can do each other at the same time," Jean explained much to my shock.

"So I gather that Jane is not a virgin," I inquired.

"No and neither am I; we were both fucking guys in school. I'm not that popular but when guys knew that they might get lucky they would ask me out. Jane dated one guy for awhile and she even let him have her ass but then he got tired of her," Jean shared as she continued to shock me with their promiscuity.

"Were you two ever worried about getting pregnant?" I had to ask.

"No we didn't start having sex until we were 18 and mom put us on the pill then," Jean admitted.

"Wow, I would have never guessed that you two girls were so experienced."

"We aren't really that experienced as I'm sure that there are fun things to do that we haven't done yet," Jean offered.

"I'm sure that you will learn about them soon," I said.

"You know this conversation has got me excited. I would like to go to bed with you," Jean stated her desire.

"If you like I'm okay with it but are you sure?"

"I'm very sure. Let's do it," she replied excitedly.

I took Jean into the house and to my bedroom. Once in the room she was anxious to get going. She took off her cotton dress and I saw that she was not wearing a bra. She little mounds for tits but her nipples were elongated. She looked darling standing there in just her panties and I felt my loins stir as I looked at her. Jean then slipped off her panties and hopped in my bed. She bounced around and giggled before lying on her back and opening her arms to me. I stripped off my clothes and our naked bodies came together as I joined her in bed.

I moved between Jean's legs and lowered my mouth to her tits. I sucked on the little mounds and gently nibbled on the hard nipples. Jean moaned in pleasure and I wondered if this was the first time someone paid attention to her small tits. I caressed her breasts and kissed them for several minutes before I started a downward journey toward her pussy. I trailed little kissed down Jean's body and on her flat firm tummy. I kissed and licked around her pubic area and she shivered in response. Then I kissed the insides of her thighs and blew my breath on her vagina. Jean was squirming under the foreplay and she was breathing deeply.

I didn't know if anyone had ever eaten Jean's pussy but I was going to give her a licking she would remember. I could smell the sweet aroma of sex that was given off by her pussy as my face moved closer to her crotch. I lifted Jean's legs to my shoulders and kissed her inner thighs just below her pussy. She groaned with pleasure as she reached down with her hands to grasp my head. I tickled her outer lips with my fingers and then let them slip inside her vagina. 

Jean was so wet that two of my fingers slid in easily and she unconsciously relaxed her grip on my head. I moved my mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. Jean cried out and grabbed my head again but this time she held it tight to her quim. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. Then I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. Jean was really excited as her erect clit looked like a teeny dick sticking out. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into my face. I reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh, oh, oh, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold me tight," she screamed as she lost it.

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over my bed. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Jean slowly calmed after her intense orgasm and I continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As we lay on my bed I continued to lick and kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through my hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. Thank you, thank you!" she murmured and then confessed, "That's the first time anyone has ever eaten me. It was wonderful!"

Jean watched me as if she was in a trance as I moved between her thighs and placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt. She shivered in anticipation. I eased her back down on the bed and proceeded to feed my thick cock to her. 

"Oh, oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck", she cried. 

I slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to my size and continued to go deeper with each thrust until I was buried balls deep in her pussy. 

"Oh this feels so good, fuck me, make me cum, make it last forever", she cried out.

I pounded her pussy making sure that my cock was in constant contact with her clit. Jean had multiple orgasms as I fucked her. She had pretty little tits with rock hard nipples that extended a ½ inch. I twirled the nipples in my fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in my mouth. 

She went wild telling me. "Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good!" 

I could feel my balls start to tighten and I knew it wouldn't be long before I filled her pussy with my cum. Jean stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

I reached around behind her and pulled her toward me as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did I and I fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover I laid her back down on the sofa and slowly fucked her as my cock softened. My cock was swimming in her cunt; there was so much cum in there mingling with her own juices.

"Are you okay, Jean?" I asked her. 

"I don't think that I ever felt better. You're really good in bed. I can't wait to tell Jane," she replied excitedly.

"You're going to tell Jane about this," I questioned.

"Sure, she knows that I came over here to fuck you. She'll want to hear all the details. Can we do it again before I leave?" Jean asked.

"Have you ever sucked cock before? I'm going to need some help getting hard again," I told her.

"No, I never have but I'm willing to try with you," Jean admitted.

I then guided Jean through her first cock sucking experience teaching her the things that Betty had done to me. She was a quick study and she liked playing with my cock as well as sucking it. On another day I would cum in her mouth as part of her training but on this day I would fuck her again. Jean got excited sucking my cock and she just had to have it back in her pussy. I told her to straddle me and ride me this time.

I watched as Jean straddled me, took hold of my cock and lowered her hips slowly. Jean threw her head back and closed her eyes as the aroused and engorged head of my cock sank slowly into her teenage pussy. I reached up and fondled her small firm tits as she ever so slowly impaled herself on my length. I was so turned on it was only seconds but it seemed like minutes before her pubic hair touched mine. It was all I could do not to thrust up into her hard and furiously. However I disciplined myself and I rocked gently up into her as I continued to work her breasts and aroused nipples.

Jean pushed backwards with her hips as she arched her back and pressed her crotch hard against mine. I pulled on her shapely hips releasing my hold on her breasts but then Jean grabbed my hands and pushed my arms up next to my head. She then leaned forward and placed her breasts on my chest as her weight rested on my body. We kissed as her luscious lips found my own and she continued to kiss me as she gently rocked her hips fucking me impatiently. 

The perspiration on my chest and Jean's tits made it slippery enough for her breasts to glide along as she worked her hips back and forth. I don't know for how long Jean rode me but it seemed like an eternity and she never once altered the slow speed with which she moved. She was in complete control this time and she knew it.

As her hips moved back and forth and up and down, I felt my ejaculation suddenly build in my balls. I breathed deeply through my nose as I kissed her and plunged my tongue into her throat. Jean lifted her head back from mine and then looked at me with her beautiful brown eyes just as her orgasm hit. We came together and it was wonderful. My hips jerked and thrust upwards spasmodically and I grunted as my orgasm ripped through me. I felt my semen shoot out of my cock and flood her vagina as our bodies shook all over. As my cumming passed I could feel my still hard cock swimming in her pussy as our juices commingled and surrounded my shaft. Jean gently kissed my face as her body slowed and then stopped and rested on me.
