 Jenny shivered as Peter tied her wrists and bound them together.  She loved being tied up and giving total control over to Peter.  She knew that by the time he finished with her she'd be completely "overcum" as he liked to put it, exhausted and totally satiated.  He secured her to the top of the bed frame, then tied her ankles at each corner.  

"Comfy sweetheart?" he asked as he gave her upturned bottom a playful but stinging smack.

"Ow!" she replied.  "I was."

Peter smacked the other side.  "There now, feel better?  You're even, both sides are a little pink.

"Remember I told you I had a little surprise for you?" Peter asked his wife.

"Yes, I can't wait.  I love your surprises." she answered enthusiastically.

"Well you get part of it now, and part of it later," he teased.

"That's mysterious," she smiled.  "What is it?"

"I'm going out." He told her with a grin.

"You're what!" She exclaimed, disbelieving.  "But... you just... you can't be serious!"

"Don't worry," he said as he put on his shoes.  "I'll be back soon.  At least I hope it'll be soon."

"What are you going to do?" Jenny asked suspiciously.

"I'm going to bring someone home with me." He stated, enjoying the astonished look that came over his wife's face.

"What?  Who?  What do you mean, "bring someone home"?" she asked nervously.  She didn't see the usual twinkle in his eyes that meant he was teasing her.  He looked like he meant what he said.

"I'm going to bring home someone else to help me have some fun with you, Jenny.  I'm going to bring them in to see you tied like this, your pussy all wet with wondering what's going to happen and so turned on by the very wickedness of it that you wish you could get a hand free not to loose yourself but to rub it over your clit and make yourself cum."

Jenny blushed, a dark flush rising to her face and spreading downward.  "Oh!" she gasped that he'd said it.  They'd talked about adding someone else to their play, but though Jenny had been aroused by the fantasy talks they'd had, she never really thought it would happen.  

"Are you talking about another woman?" she asked him quietly.

"Maybe..." He trailed off for effect.  "Man or woman,"  he told her as he bent to kiss her good-bye, "it really doesn't matter, does it?  You're not exactly in a position to do anything about it."

"Wait!" she called out as he walked out the door, but the door closed behind him and she was left alone.

"He'll be right back.  He's just messing with me," Jenny thought at first.  She turned her head so she could see the bedside clock.  Five minutes passed and Peter didn't come back.  Ten minutes later she started to wonder if maybe he really did mean it.  After twenty minutes she knew he was going to do it.

Jenny's thoughts went wild.  "What was he planning?" she thought nervously.  "Was he really thinking of bringing another man home with him?"  The thought of some strange man touching her, maybe even fucking her made her shiver.  She didn't like the thought at all.  Or did she?

She could feel the warm flush of arousal between her legs.  Was it the thought of another man, someone she didn't even know?  Or was it the possibility that Peter might bring home another woman, someone shaved and kinky and wanting to be with both of them?  He knew she had those desires.  He knew she had a hunger for the taste and feel of a woman, even though she'd never sought out another relationship.

She imagined what Peter would tell her.  "I've brought someone home with me, Jenny.  She wants you to lick her pussy."  Jenny blushed just thinking about it, and squirmed against her bonds as she thought of his hands twisted in her hair, gently pushing her face between the other woman's legs, her tongue making contact with that soft, pink flesh...

Other thoughts intruded.  "I've brought somebody else home with me to fuck you, Jenny.  He likes the look of your naked ass and says he can't wait to fill it with his cock.

"I couldn't decide, Jenny, so I brought a couple home with me.  She really wants you to lick her pussy and make her cum and I've told him you're a very good cock sucker, so he can't wait to shove his cock down your throat and give you a nice big load.

"I thought maybe one wouldn't be enough, Jenny, so I brought two more men home with me.  That way we can fill all your holes at once.  You like that idea, Jenny?  Three cocks fucking you until you can't take any more?"

Jenny was squirming, trying to get enough slack in the ropes that held her ankles so she could put her legs together.  She fidgeted and wiggled her hands until she realized there was just no way she was going to get loose.  Every time she tried to loosen her bonds they just got tighter.

She looked over at the clock again.  Peter had been gone a little over an hour.  She wondered how long it would take before he found someone he wanted to bring home with him, or if anyone even would.

Jenny couldn't stop her mind from thinking all the naughty thoughts possible about who Peter might bring home with him.  She was wet.  She could feel it spreading to her thighs as she continued to think about her face buried between some woman's legs, Peter's cock pounding a steady rhythm in her ass.

She was so lost in her fantasies, or perhaps they purposely were very quiet, but Jenny didn't hear the door open.  She had no idea she was no longer alone until she heard a strange voice.

"Damn," the stranger said.  Jenny stiffened.  Peter had really done it!

"Jenny," Peter said as he walked to her side.  "I'd like you to meet Bill.  We had a nice talk, and he said he'd very much like to meet you.  Why don't you say hello?"

Jenny turned obediently and saw a man standing beside her husband.  He was not quite as tall as her husband, on the lean side, dressed in jeans and a button down shirt with rolled up sleeves.  "Hello," she said softly, blushing to think there she was, naked and tied to the bed saying hello to a strange man.

"We'll be with you in a moment, Jenny.  Bill's going to take a quick shower and then I'll invite him to fuck you.  What do you think?"

"I can't believe you actually did this and are talking like this," Jenny thought.  

"Ok," she said in a very small voice, unsure of why she didn't stop Peter before he walked out the door and tell him "no".

The men disappeared and left Jenny to blush and wonder and shiver and become more aroused by the moment.  After a few minutes Peter came back into the room and began to untie her ankles.

Both released, he sat down and untied her from the top of the bed.  Jenny held her wrists up to him, expecting him to untie them too.  Bill hadn't come back with Peter, maybe that had just been to make her think something was going to happen.

"I'm just going to tie you a little differently, Jenny.  I'm not going to let you go.  Bill didn't leave.  I told you he was going to take a quick shower.  Now turn over so I can retie you."

Jenny turned over onto her back and Peter retied her hands above her head.  He reattached each of her ankles to a corner, leaving her enough room to bend her knees.  He then tied her thighs to the side of the bed, spreading her legs and making sure she couldn't close them.

Just then there was a tap on the half open door.  "I'm back," she heard Bill announce.  

Peter greeted him with, "Look what we get to play with." 

"Damn," he said again as he stood and stared between Jenny's open legs.  She knew what she looked like, her lips pouting open, glistening with the wetness that her wicked thoughts had brought, looking all the wanton slut.

"Would you like to fuck my wife?" Peter asked politely.

"Damn right I would,"  Bill answered.  "But she's got a beautiful cunt.  I'd like to get a taste of it first."

"You'd like that, wouldn't you Jenny?" Peter asked.  "Would you like to suck my cock while Bill licks your pussy?"

Without waiting for an answer, Peter straddled Jenny, his knees pressing into her shoulders as he brought his cock to her lips.  He knew she didn't really like this position.  It made her feel too helpless, too out of control.  

She reached out with her tongue anyway, sliding it around the head of his cock, tasting him.  She loved the taste of Peter's cock, the drop of pre cum that clung there just waiting for her tongue.  She opened her mouth and took him inside, very aware of the way he was quickly swelling.

Jenny flinched when she felt Bill touch the inside of her thigh, his hand running softly over her pussy, his fingertips pressing lightly against her slit.  She pulled back from Peter in a moment of nervousness, but he put another pillow under her head, forcing her closer.

She could feel Bill's breath, warm against her wet flesh, before she felt his tongue.  He pressed his face into her, slowly sliding his tongue from her ass to her clit and back down again.  He explored every fold thoroughly, lapping up her juices as they seeped from her in increasing amounts.

Peter was right, she did like it.  She liked being tied helpless to stop whatever they chose to do with her, and she liked having a cock in her mouth and a tongue in her pussy.  It felt so good.  Bill was very good with his mouth and Peter was taking it nice and easy, letting her control the pace as she got used to the situation.

Bill started to linger on her clit, his tongue flicking gently from side to side as she squirmed beneath him.  She couldn't help but react, pushing her hips upward as he coaxed her swollen nub from its hiding place.

"Mmmm," Peter murmured.  "You like this, don't you Jenny?  Do you want to cum?  Would you like to cum with my cock stuffed in your mouth and Bill licking your hot pussy?  Maybe you'd like him to slide a finger in your ass and fuck you with it while he sucks on your clit."

Jenny moaned around him, his words doing as much to increase her lust as their actions.  She had been nervous, but now she just wanted to experience everything.  She wanted to suck both of them, wanted them both to cum on and in her, wanted them to fuck her until she collapsed from it all.

"You taste good," Bill lifted his head long enough to say.  "You're so wet... I can't wait to fuck you."

Jenny just quivered in response as he closed his mouth over her again, her mouth too full of Peter to moan.  Peter pushed his cock to the back of her mouth until she gagged in reflex.  She felt Bill's fingers seeking entrance to her pussy and tried to push toward him, straining against the ropes that held her thighs.

His fingers slid into Jenny's wetness with ease, and he began to stroke her G-spot while he lapped steadily at her clit.  She could feel her orgasm building to a peak, all the while moving her mouth up and down over Peter's swelling cock.  Suddenly the sensations became too much to hold back and her pussy clenched hard around Bill's fingers, drenching his hand.

She moaned around Peter's cock, sucked hard and then moaned again as she arched beneath him.  He watched his wife as her eyes fluttered, then groaned as his own cum filled her mouth and throat.  He pulled his cock out to let the last bit fall across her lips and chin.  He thought she looked the perfect wanton slut with his cum dribbling from her lips.  He almost wanted to lick it off her but decided to leave it.   

Bill slowed his fingers and tongue while Jenny rode out the sensations that coursed through her body.  Finally she stopped and so did he.  She could feel Bill move away, then she realized he was getting on his knees.

Peter moved off her to stand beside the bed, leaning down to whisper in her ear.  "That was hot, having you suck my cock while another man made you cum."  He thought again how she looked wonderfully slutty with cum dripping from her chin.  "Now he's going to fuck you while I watch for a few minutes."

It took only seconds for Bill to position himself between Jenny's spread thighs.  He pushed his knees under her ass to lift it from the bed and thrust himself all the way inside her.  He groaned as he reached her depths in one stroke and held her against him for a long, quivering moment. 

Jenny couldn't help her reaction, arching her back and moving her hips to meet his.  Then she looked at Peter.  What did he think, seeing her react like that to another man?  He sat down beside her and began to play with her nipples.

As he lightly squeezed and rolled each one, he reached over and quickly untied the ropes that held Jenny's thighs open.  Now that she had a bit more freedom, she tightened her legs on Bill.  She fucked him back as much as she was able, her arms still tied above her head.

Peter continued to play with her nipples, tightening his fingers on them more and more.  Jenny panted as she arched her body again and again.  She moaned as Peter's mouth closed over a nipple, his teeth gently biting her.

"Your pussy is so hot!" Bill grunted each word with each stroke into her.  "I'm going to cum!"

Peter bit down harder on her nipple, pinching the other one tightly between his fingers.  Jenny squealed in pain and pleasure as Bill ground against her, his cock swelling inside her.  "Yes!" she cried out.  "Yes!  Oh yes, I'm cumming!"  She bucked and shuddered as Bill began to pound into her hard and deep.

"Fuck!" Bill groaned as he stopped, holding her firmly against him.  She could feel him throbbing and pulsing inside her.  Peter sat up and she looked at him for reassurance.  Another man had just fucked her and cum in her.  How would Peter feel about it?

"That was hot, baby," Peter murmured as Bill pulled away from her.  "Now I'm going to fuck your hot little cum filled pussy.  Let Bill catch his breath and then I want you to show him what a hot little cock sucker you are.  I want you to get him hard again so we can both fuck you."

Jenny whimpered involuntarily at the thought.  She had fantasized about it many times with Peter, how it would be to have a cock in her pussy and in her ass at the same time.  Now it was about to happen and she was more than nervous, but it fired her arousal even more to know she really wanted such a wicked thing.

It was Peter's turn to kneel between Jenny's legs, his cock rock hard again and poised to enter her.  He reached down to release her ankles first, then slid in easily.  He immediately began pounding into her hard, pressing her into the mattress with each stroke.  Jenny gasped and moaned and twisted against the ropes that still bound her hands.

Bill sat beside Jenny while Peter fucked her.  After several minutes of hard pounding, Peter finally slowed his pace.  He reached down and began to play with her ass as he slid very deliberately in and out of Jenny's wet, quivering pussy.

"You want to cum again, don't you?" Peter asked as he pulled out so that just the head of his cock was still encased in her heat.  He pushed slowly back in until his pubic hairs mashed against her and asked again.  "Do you want to cum?  Tell me what you want."

"Yes," Jenny moaned her response.  "I want to cum again, please."  She ground her body against his, her inner muscles pulling at him.

"Ask Bill to rub your clit and make you cum," Peter said as he pulled nearly out again.

Jenny felt her face grow hot as she turned to glance at Bill.  He switched his gaze from the tantalizing, wet opening that was slowly swallowing his new friend's cock to her face.

"P-please, Bill," Jenny stammered out, "would you rub my clit and make me cum."  She felt the flush that seemed to reach her toes grow deeper as he cupped his hands over her tits and squeezed them.

"Mmm, yes I will," he grinned.  He leaned over her and slid his fingers down far enough to capture some of her juices and then rubbed them over her clit.  He began stroking her clit gently, rubbing all around it and beside it, his finger occasionally slipping over the top.

Jenny writhed against Peter as he again pushed into her and pulled slowly back out, his fingers sliding deeper into her ass.  She was on the edge of orgasm again, and it wasn't going to take much more.  Her sounds and the way her pussy tightened on him let Peter know how close she was.

"That's right, cum, baby," he urged his wife.  "You're so close, just cum."

Jenny couldn't keep quiet.  Panting and moaning low in her throat she twisted and thrust her hips upward.  Peter began fucking her hard again, meeting her frenzied movements with his own until she slowed.  He kept pace with her as she shivered and panted.

"Will you untie her wrists, Bill?  She made a lot of noise, I think it's time we put something in her mouth.  Peter pulled his cock out of Jenny as soon as her wrists were freed and turned her over onto her knees.  

"You'll suck Bill's cock for him, won't you Jenny?" Peter said to his wife as he slid his cock back inside her and began to stroke steadily.  He moved fast enough to make her concentrate, but slow enough for her to be able to suck Bill's cock.

"Yes, I want to suck Bill's cock," Jenny answered.  She did.  She knew Bill's cock was still covered with a combination of their cum but she wanted to take him into her mouth.  She wanted to suck him until his cock was hard so he could fuck her again.  She knew Peter was getting ready to fuck her ass.  He kept gathering more of her cum and pushing it into her ass with his fingers, shoving them deeper into her bit by bit, making her ready for him.

Bill knelt in front of Jenny, his cock hanging in front of her face.  She could see smears of cum on him and matted in his hair.  She reached out and held his cock with her fingers, lifting it to her mouth.  She sucked it in, sliding her tongue over it, tasting him mixed with herself.

"Mmm, yes," Peter murmured.  "You look so hot and slutty with a cock in your mouth."

"She sure does," Bill agreed with him.  "She looks pretty hot getting fucked, too.  I can't wait to fuck her tight, wet cunt again."

Jenny had never felt so slutty (and wonderfully so) in her whole life.  She'd once dated two men, fucking them both the same night, but separately.  This was totally different.  This was beyond the taboo of more than one partner, totally wicked and perverse. 

Bill was already growing hard in Jenny's mouth.  Watching her husband fuck her and knowing he was going to do it again fired his arousal like nothing ever had before.  He'd been surprised when Peter had approached him, but a little skeptical until they had opened the bedroom door and walked in to see Jenny, naked and tied to the bed.

He'd become erect instantly at the site of her luscious ass raised high in the air, her wet pussy lips exposed.  Now he was almost fully erect again with her wet mouth and talented tongue sliding over his cock.

Peter pulled his cock from Jenny's pussy and held the tip at her tight anal opening.  He pulled her ass cheeks apart and pushed, watching as her flesh yielded to him.  He slid his fingers into her pussy to gather more of her juices and coat his cock, then inched into her.  

Jenny tightened her grip around Bill's cock with her mouth as Peter worked his hardness into her ass.  She moaned around him as Peter's cock pushed slowly into her tightest hole.  When Peter was fully inside her, he paused and held her still, flexing his cock.  Jenny moaned and shivered, then resumed moving her mouth up and down over Bill's now stiff shaft.

Peter pulled most of the way out of Jenny's ass and lubricated it with more of her juices before forcing it back into her tightness.  A few more slow strokes like that and he could feel her tightening around him.  She always came within a dozen strokes when he fucked her ass.  He loved to get her cumming, then fuck her hard and get her having one orgasm right after another until when he finally finished with her it was all she could do to find her pillow.  

"You ready to cum with your mouth and ass full of cock?  Then cum!" Peter encouraged Jenny, though she was already slipping over the edge.  Her ass squeezed and squeezed him as she bucked against him, her mouth still busily working Bill's cock, his hands wound lightly in her hair.
