 Authors note**** So, as I reread this, I wish there was more detail, but there are two reasons for this lack. A lot of this is a blur. And with this many guys, it would be sooooo long. So, I hope you like it!

*****

So, I guess you need some background. I have been planning this gangbang for months. The most I've ever been with before was 11 guys. That's a whole nother story, haha. 

To organize this, I went to a sex club that is local to me. I know the owner. I know him real well. I give him head on the regular. He noticed me the first time I ever walked in. So, I told him what I wanted. A gangbang with as many guys as he could wrangle, but with a few caveats. They all have to sign contracts saying that they wouldn't bring cameras or other recording equipment. They also had to be a minimum of 8" and disease free (and offer proof). Finally, they all had to wait to cum until the very end. I always wanted a full on bukkake.

When I first set it up, I made sure that it was during a time that my boyfriend would be out of town on business. But there was a hiccup. To rent for the night, it was going to cost $1000. I'm honestly not sure, but I think the owner was giving me a deal. After all, people pay to go to this club. But whatever. So, week-by-week, I asked my boyfriend for shopping money until I squirreled enough away. That's right, my poor, ignorant boyfriend paid for his sweet little princess to have all of her holes pounded in. 

That night, I was so nervous. I couldn't decide what to wear. It was between sexy secretary and sexy schoolgirl. But I figured, the last time I had a lot of cock (the first gangbang) I was in my cheerleader uniform. So let's try something different. So, I put on my outfit. Black lace bra and panties, 5 inch black heels, a black pencil skirt that zips up the side, and a little white blouse. I also wore glasses for the full effect. I did my makeup relatively heavy on the eyes and bright red lipstick. 

I got to the club about a half hour early, so I could have a drink and calm my nerves. I had my usual, whiskey, and that helped a bit. The owner, as usual was ogling me. He said "If it wouldn't ruin your makeup before the show, I would have you on your knees right now." I smiled and winked, thanking him for the compliment. "Also, I've got a surprise for you. I got more guys than maybe even you can handle." I gulped. This guy knows me so that must be a lot. "Yup," he said. "Your restrictions on size made it difficult, but I called in some favors. A handful of the guys are from the other side of the country. But one look at your picture and they were willing." I blushed, which is rare. But seriously, you're gonna fly 3,000 miles for me? Wow.

At this point, the guys are showing up. I can hear them in the other room. Finally, the owner says, "Ok, it's time. "I'm going to bring them in one at a time, in order of size, just as you asked." I nodded.

"How many are there?" 

"22"

"I'm sorry, did you say 22?" This was double the amount I had ever had. Holy shit.

The first guy walked in. Totally naked. A meaty, about 8" cock sticking straight out. I immediately started salivating. I found out later that there were 5 girls that were hired just to get all these guys hard in the back room.

I won't bore you with the description of each guy. But yes 8" was really the smallest. One by one they came out. All naked, all in really good shape, I was happy to see. At this point, I'm just overwhelmed. I'm completely soaked. Then the last guy comes out. Holy. Shit. So most of the guys were between 8-9.5". Not this guy. My god. Almost literally. He walks out, standing about 6'5" and muscled all over. His ebony skin is intoxicating to my eyes. But his cock. My lord. I made them measure it. 11.75" He dwarfed all these guys in every way. At this point, my legs are rubbing together because I'm uncomfortably wet. 

"Ok guys, how do you want to do this?" They all move as one, I'm surrounded. I'm not a tall girl, so they are all towering over me. Breathing hard. I tentatively reach out, rubbing whoever I can touch. One guy reaches forward, hooks his fingers into my blouse and rips. Buttons go flying everywhere and I jump and giggle. A couple other guys finish taking it off. Another guy reaches down and unzips the skirt. I stet out of it, heels still on. 

I get forced to my knees. Just wearing bra, panties, heels, and my glasses. The biggest guy steps forward and says "Me first." He reaches down with his mammoth paw of a hand and takes off my glasses and tosses them aside. His hard cock, like a baseball bat sticking straight out at my mouth level. I waste no time, I swallow the head and slobber all over it like a whore. I feel other cocks around me, hands pawing at my tits. And I am fucking loving it. As he starts to fuck my face, I stroke two other cocks. "Back up guys. I'm getting her first. I'll show you how it's done. Get on your hands and knees on the mattress. I obey immediately and get on all fours. He walks over confidently and reaches down and rips off my panties with one swipe. He can see my juices running down my thighs. He laughed to himself and places his huge cock at my pussy. I can feel his heat and I start whimpering. He laughs again and pushes forward slowly. His cock head splits me open and I am cumming within seconds. He starts to pump, but almost gently. I look back at him and say "You don't have to be gentle, I'm not like the other little girls you fuck," and wink. He places his hands on my hips and starts bucking like a wild man. I literally forget that other people are there. I'm screaming and moaning like bitch in heat, cumming and creaming all over his dick. He had enough of that apparently and told me to ride him. I obeyed as quickly as I could because I didn't want his cock out of me if I could help it. 

As I was riding him, he said "Ok boys, you ready?" And, at that, a bunch of the guys came forward. One guy came up behind me and slowly worked his dick into my ass. Another was in front of me fucking my face. 2 more came up and I stroked them. I started bobbing my head on each of the three cocks in turn. All the while getting destroyed in my other two holes and cumming. 

Honestly, it's hard to describe how this all felt. It went on for hours. But I am proud to say, I never cried, never asked them to stop, never took a break. As per the deal, the guys would all stop before they came, and more guys would take their place. This is why it went on for hours. No guys were really out of the hunt because they essentially got to work in four shifts.

After a few hours of this, I took them on one at a time on my back. Each guy would pound me missionary for as long as they could last without cumming and then pull out, and the next guy was up. Honestly, I was amazed I could feel anything but my body was on fire. 

The final session was me on all fours, getting spitroasted (one fucking me from behind and one in my mouth. Some guys fucked my cunt, some my ass, some both. In this position, the last guy was the big guy and he demanded to fuck me last and by himself. I still felt full and stretched when he entered me. And then I fell in love. As his 11.5" was pounding me balls deep (which surprised the hell out of him), he reached around and stuck 3 fingers in the right side of my mouth and started tugging me backwards on his cock. It's like he read my mind. I fucking love getting fishhooked. I immediately starting cumming on his cock (again) and my legs began to shake (both with cumming and exhaustion). He laughed at his handiwork and slid out of me, my creamy pussy still on his dick. 

"Alright guys, it's finally time to cum," I said and got on my knees. I watched the guys line up. I noticed that the big guy was the very last again. I stuck my fingers in my mouth and stuck my tongue out when the first guy came out. He jacked his cock 3 times and immediately came on my tongue. Not a lot of cum but he tasted sweet. One by one the guys came up. Some of them needed a little head. But most just needed me to moan and tell them "please baby I need your cum all over me." Some guys came on my tits, but most on my face. I was so happy. By the time my favorite guy came up to me, my entire face was coated and cum was dripping off my chin and onto my tits. He stuck his cock in my cum drenched mouth and I moaned gratefully and even tried to say thank you around his massive dick, which was pointless. After fucking my face and the cum flying off of me a bit, he pulled back. I looked up at him, his beautiful muscles glistening and straining as he stroked his gorgeous cock. Then it happened. Legitimately, the biggest, creamiest, most ridiculous facial I have ever received. Who needs an actual bukkake when you have this guy? Even if no one else was there, I would have been covered. I swear to you he spurted 11 times. My face, my eyes, my nose, my hair, my tits, and one last one for my open, grateful mouth. 

At this point, I put on a show. I had one hand in my cunt and the other scooping globs of cum into my waiting mouth. I cleaned up by hand for at least 10 minutes, enjoying every drop. The guys were very appreciative and even clapped haha.

Afterwards, the big guy actually walked me to the bathroom so I could get cleaned up. Someone else brought me my clothes and I got dressed. I was wobbly and sore beyond belief. Most of the guys filed out, but the big guy stayed. He chatted me up a bit before I left. Telling me that I was amazing and that no other woman could take his cock. I told him "I have a boyfriend that doesn't know, so don't go falling in love." But I also gave him my number before I dragged my sore self back to my car and drove home.