 My husband and I are very open with our fantasies, even though some border on super kinky and a little freaky. Watching a gangbang movie or especially reading one on Literotica, never fails to send my libido through the roof. This is how I imagine my gangbang fantasy unfolding.

Peter was intrigued by his wife's confession about her gang bang fantasies. As soon as he had her hips firmly in his grasp, Peter proceeded to fuck his wife as hard as he could. His wife Katie loved doggy-style, the deep penetration brought her so much pleasure and she couldn't help but confess her dirtiest secrets whilst bent over.

In between her screams of joy, Katie answered her husband's questions without hesitation. As she explained the scene to him, he couldn't help but fuck her harder and deeper. The thought of such an outrageous act however, was soon too much for the pair of them. Katie's pussy tightened its grip around Peters cock for one last orgasm before Peter shot his load deep into his wife's womb.

Nothing was said about the gang bang fantasy, but Peters mind was already trying to figure out how to bring such a fantasy to life.

Katie was so excited that Saturday had finally arrived. Her husband was taking her out for a nice romantic meal and then he was taking her to a hotel in the city.

Peter smiled at his wife as she stood before him wearing her sexy new dress. It was a lovely white, one strap knee length dress. Her fabulous D-Cup breasts filled the dress perfectly and would no doubt attract admires. 

At the restaurant Katie couldn't help but notice all the attention she was receiving. The mixture of red wine and lustful, wondering male eyes began to cause a stir, deep within her body. She could feel the heat between her legs and she was sure her white thong was getting a soaking. Peter noticed too, adding to his growing excitement.

By the time they had finished the meal, Katie was desperate to get to their hotel. At the hotel Katie reluctantly went and found a seat while Peter ordered some more wine from the hotel bar.

At the edge of the bar, the couple noticed a group of five men constantly looking over and smiling, this only added to the wetness Katie was now experiencing. She quickly excused herself and went outside for a cigarette. As she stood up, Katie leaned forwards pushing the table back a little, in doing this she gave a fantastic view of her cleavage to the guys at the bar.

Once she was gone, one of the guys patted his friend on the back and he was soon off to join Katie. He watched his friend take a light from Katie through the bar window before approaching Peter.

What Katie didn't know was that Peter had met this guy online. He had arranged for five guys to take his wife, just the way she wanted. Once Peter had assured the guy all was looking ok, he quickly went back to join his friends. 

Katie returned and quickly downed her wine before taking Peter by the hand and dragging him off to bed.

She was in no mood for foreplay; her pussy needed cock and now. Peter mean while had secretly texted the guys in the bar to say that the room was ready. Having given them the spare room key, Peter wasted no time in stripping his wife to her underwear.

By the time the guys entered the room, Peter was naked lying flat on his back on the bed. His wife was kneeling between his legs in just her bra and a mouth full of stiff cock.

Katie knelt up on the bed in shock, but before she had time to protest, one of the guys was quickly on her and rubbing his hands over her body. Realising she had been set up, she reached for her bra and released her ample breasts. Two guys bent down taking each nipple into their mouths as the others stripped naked. Peter was soon scrambling for his video camera as one of the guys took his place on the bed. 

Katie sat staring at the guy laying before her, watching his cock grow to a satisfying size. The hand on her back was soon pushing her forwards onto her prize. Gladly taking a hold of the cock, she paused for a moment to appreciate its length and width. Hearing the words suck it slut, she bent down and swallowed the head.

Katie sucked hard on the cock, encouraged by the moans coming from its owner. But soon her own moans were being heard as she felt someone behind her rubbing his cock up and down her pussy lips. She loved that feeling, knowing any second her hole would be filled with a hot cock.

As one cock slowly entered her pussy she sucked harder on the cock in her mouth. Katie could feel her pleasure building with each extra inch that forced her womb to open. Half way in she felt him stop, before she could protest, the guy behind rammed the remainder of his cock all the way into her. Katie jolted forward with some force whilst grabbing hold of the cock in her mouth as it fell out. The deep thrust had spread her pussy further than anything she had experienced before and sent her into spasms.

Peter happily stood by filming his wife as the guys passed her around using her body. Katie loved it and begged for more as each orgasm bettered the last. 

One of the guys got Katie to ride him reverse cowgirl while the others stood around telling her what a whore she was. Katie then shocked everyone as she stopped and then raised herself up a little. Taking the cock out of her pussy she held it firmly as she began to guide it into her arse. The guys cheered as they watched this married beauty squirming in discomfort as she tried to take their friends cock up her tight puckered hole. 

The head was always the hardest part for Katie to take; once it was in she could take it hard. Slowly sinking down on the cock she opened her eyes and gave a dirty smile. Before she had time to start riding the cock another of the guys quickly climbed onto the bed between her legs. As the guy lifted her legs up and open, Katie was forced back onto the cock even further, she had no control as the cock buried itself deep in her arse.

Katie was soon exploding into another orgasm as the guy on top slid his cock into her pussy. Despite this being her first double penetration, she was quickly urging the guys to fuck her harder. Both guys managed to thrust at the same time as Katie tried to grind between them. 

Katie was kept in this position for a while as each guy took his turn to use her holes. After several orgasms she could take no more as she collapsed onto the bed covered in sweat. 

Two of the guys quickly moved her so her head was on the edge of the bed. Katie smiled up at the guys as she licked her lips. 

As the guys gathered around her, she reached out and took two cocks in her hand and proceeded to suck them both. She was quickly rewarded for her efforts as the first guy shot his load into her mouth and all over her lips.

Peter was still filming as he watched his wife turning into a slut. He hadn't touched his cock, but the pre-cum was evident.

The second guy was groaning noisily as he stroked his cock over her face. His load was not very big but it was very creamy, he covered her chin and bottom lip before shoving his cock into her mouth. 

Katie licked her lips tasting his cum as she caressed her breasts. The third guy was quickly firing a huge load across the length of her face. The first jet was long and sticky which was then followed by four short sticky jets. Her face was a mess. The jets of cum had covered her lips, nose and forehead. 

The fourth guy then stood to the right of her and began to furiously wank his cock. Katie spoke dirty words of encouragement as she looked straight into his eyes. This soon took him over the edge as he rewarded her with the biggest load yet. His jets weren't powerful but they were plenty. He dumped several big loads over the centre of her face covering her eyes and mouth before it began to slide down her cheeks.

Katie was laughing with the guys as she tried to get the cum out of her eyes. With her mouth open the fifth cock was quickly rammed into her throat forcing her to gag. She adjusted her gag relax just in time to receive the thick load. With each pulse she felt in her mouth, hot sticky cum would fill her throat.

Thinking she was done, Peter was soon pulling off the bed and then bending her over. She was still soaking wet and offered no resistance as her husband began to fuck her hard. A few powerful thrusts later and she felt her husband tense up and his load being dumped into her womb.