 After my wife died, I met Char. I'm in my early sixties, she was only 56, we met at a cycling event, helping each other finish a 100 mile ride. After the ride we had a beer, and exchanged numbers, the next thing you know we are seeing a lot of each other, first for bike rides and coffee, then things got more serious.

We clicked, both like to cook, travel, love our dogs, our kids and we seemed to laugh a lot.

Char was as adventurous in bed as I had always wanted to be, it was quite a miracle to find someone who was so sexually compatible at such a late stage in life. My late wife and I had a good sex life, I'd give it a solid B, after 30 years together we were still having passionate sex until she got too sick- but there were boundaries that were a little narrower than I would have preferred. 

That's true in every relationship, I wasn't complaining, but when I met Char it was like a fantasy come true, every time. She loved oral, loved me to cum on her tits, went crazy the first time I went down on her after I had come in her pussy, she was spontaneous... Like when I was driving my boat on the intercoastal and suddenly felt her bare tits on my back and her hands reaching around to rub my cock through my bathing suit. Yea: drop anchor! 

"So tell me what we haven't done that you'd like to try?" She asked me after we'd had another marathon session, we just couldn't get enough of each other, despite our ages we were like teenagers in heat when we were together. Her long red hair hanging down over her nice little tits, she was a cyclist and a runner, I like thin women.

"Duh..."

"I know you'd like a threesome, every man would."

"Well, duh, that goes without saying. I'd love to be with 2 women, what about you? 

"I've always wondered why its expected that men wanted their women to be bisexual, but they are grossed out if the man is, she said, "That's funny you would say that, I'd be ok with being with you and another woman, just ok, I would do it for you and I'm sure I'd enjoy being with a woman again. But the idea of seeing two men together is like my ultimate fantasy, I've never told anyone but you that!"

"Really?"

"Oh yea, one time a girlfriend and I watched some gay porn, just to see. She was kind of grossed out, but I went home and played with myself all day after I saw it, talk about expanding your horizons!"

"It looks like you are turned on now!" Her nipples were standing straight up and I reached down and felt her wetness. I used my index and ring finger to spread her lips and my middle finger ever so gently on her clit while I took a nipple in my mouth. She came in about a second. 

"Wow, what were you thinking about?"

"That video, one guy came all over the other guy's face and chest after a very "athletic" blow job. It was one of the horniest things I've ever seen."

She had my cock in her hand, "You seem to like the idea."

"Well, watching you get so hot is the best thing on the planet, no matter what you were thinking of."

"I think you might be skirting the truth. You like the idea of being with a man, don't you?"

"The thing is," I answered, "I think everyone has same sex fantasies, but if I guy tells a woman he does, he's called a fag and she goes running home to Momma- or where ever disgusted women go to run away from a man who might like to be with men."

"Well, not this girl," she said and then she had my cock in her mouth, sucking me and sliding a finger against inside my ass. My hips raised up, quite involuntarily.

She gave me a blowjob while working a finger up inside me, her big blue eyes looking right into my soul as her finger found my prostate and I came like a firehouse while we never lost eye contact. She swallowed some of my cum, and then kissed me full on, I swallowed it all.

I didn't tell her, but it had been way too long since I'd been with a man and I was VERY aroused after her fantasy, the blowjob and getting to share my seed. "This might work out," I thought to myself as I slammed my still hard cock into her tight warm pussy, "This might work out."

To be continued...