 Ever since I met my girlfriend we've talked about her sexual fantasies.....she has shared a lot of needs, wants and taboos with me, all of which I'm up for making a reality for her. A couple of simple things have stood out to me, before meeting me she had never watched porn, never visited a sex shop and never even visited a strip club! 

Now don't get me wrong, she is not a prude, she had had her fair share of sexual partners and therefore has developed a good idea of what she likes and wants sexually. 

I put it in my mind that we are gonna at least stretch her wings and go to a strip club together (little did I know that our little outing would also lead to satisfying one of her other fantasies too). So my girlfriend and I were having a fantasy conversation one night while lying in bed and I told her we should go to a strip club this weekend.....at first she sorta jumped excitedly at my suggestion to it...but then quietly hesitated and said "really? are you sure?". I kept it positive and said "hell yes....lets do it", "lets go have some fun and enjoy ourselves, I'll even buy you a lap dance" she laughed and coyly agreed. I told her just to pick out something sexy to wear out and I'll take care of the rest. 

We live in an metropolitan area that has a lot of strip clubs, some kinda seedy places, and others which are more high class. Having been to a few myself I pretty much knew where to take her, but I asked a few of the guys at work for any new ones or anything else they might know and they gave me a couple more to think about...in fact they mentioned one that has completely private VIP rooms!! I put that one on the top of my list thinking it might be the best place to get my girlfriend a lap dance, without her feeling too embarrassed or self conscious. 

Friday night came along and my girlfriend and I were both home from work by 4pm. I was thinking about the fun we would have tonight, the whole way home, getting hard just thinking about it. I got home and started to get undressed to take a shower and just as I am doing so my girlfriend was just getting out of the shower....oh so sexy!! She has a gorgeous set of full B-cup tits with large suckable nipples and an ass to die for all very nicely put together. Just love to hold onto those hips while I fuck her from behind. What a view!!! Real women have curves! 

I was already excited and then I saw the way she looked getting out of the shower and I was rock hard now. My girlfriend noticed and asked if that was for her or for the dancers tonight? I said for both!! and gave her a wink. She said she doesn't want sloppy seconds so she will get a piece of me first. She got down on her knees and took my shaft in her hand and began licking it up and down while she was stroking me. She is a very oral woman...I just love it. She started fucking my cock with her mouth and hand at the same time, really trying to milk me! She must have really wanted to drink some cum. She started playing with my balls with her other hand, and is now really slobbering all over my cock, working it in and out of her skillful mouth, she would take it out and lick all the precum from the tip now and then, love to see that tongue licking it all up. 

She reached further back with her other hand and she started rubbing my asshole, which drove me wild, now switching between jerking me and sucking me, trying to make me cum, she loves to let me see it squirt onto her tongue as she swallows it up. She knows she almost has me, she opens her mouth and puts her tongue out waiting for it while she continues her jerking and rubbing, that sight is all I needed as I feel the build up and start squirting hot cum into her waiting mouth and getting some on her lips, which is quickly dripping down her chin, oh so hot!! She took her finger and rescued the cum dripping down her chin so with her finger she slid it right back into her waiting mouth.She looked up at me with those sex craved eyes, she licked her lips and stood up and with a sexy smile on her face she kissed me. 

After that fun I got in the shower and cleaned up and got dressed for the night. I was dressed is a dark button down shirt and a pair of dress slacks (perfect attire for a high class club). Looking good and feeling good after that awesome blow job. My girlfriend walked into the room as I put on my finishing touches and told me she's ready to go. I looked toward her and my jaw hit the floor. 

She really took sexy to another level this time. She wore a shiny burgundy colored corset as her top, her tits were almost spilling out to the point that if you were right next to her you could see the tops of her nipples, and a form fitting black cigarette skirt that accentuated her sexy full figured ass and sexy black stockings with some damn sexy high heels. I wasn't even sure that I cared about going to the strip club now, but I had to remind myself this was more for her than me. So off we went.

The club we went to was called The Penthouse Club. It was a classy place with valet parking, a dinner menu, very sophisticated. We entered through their large brass covered doors into the lobby, everything inside was set up very luxuriously. My girlfriend was so nervous she could barely get her I.D. out for the man at the door to check. 

As we entered the main room, music was pumping, the usual throbbing sexual club music you hear at most strip clubs, there was a large stage in the middle with 2 brass poles and brass railings all around beyond the railings there was a counter and chairs that sat right up to the stage and tables and chairs all around the room. 

There was a busty blond on stage dancing and the usual individual ladies walking around working the floor. Not too many people there yet because it was a little early, which is how i wanted it so my girlfriend could get settled in before it got more crowded and rowdy. We found a nice table a little further back so she could take it all in, we were promptly greeted by a cocktail waitress, a very cute little blond girl, very energetic and oozing with a sexual vibe, we ordered some drinks and then started looking at their dinner menu since we still hadn't eaten yet. She brought our drinks back to us and we ordered a small meal. The ladies working the floor left us alone while we were eating, but our waitress was very attentive and we ordered a second round of drinks. We finished our meal and my girlfriend turned her chair sideways to the table so she could get a better view to watch the lovely ladies on stage. 

There was a dark haired, dark skinned beauty on stage, small little tits and a great ass. She was working the whole stage, working from pole to pole, bending over seductively and showing off her goods to the men around the stage. Just then my girlfriend turned her head and noticed 2 ladies coming through the entrance, not there to dance, but to watch the ladies dance. They were together with no men. She leaned to me and asked if women come in alone very often like that. I replied that I have noticed a few in the past, but it wasn't very common. More common was women and their man. 

As we were sipping our drinks and watching the ladies on stage she seemed to be "people watching" the 2 ladies who came in earlier. Since then a few more ladies have come in but with their men. We have had a couple of dancers come up to us and chat for a second or two but mostly giving their attention to me, this did not seem to bother my girlfriend, but she also didnt seem interested in any of them. She was enjoying watching the dancers and would nudge me every once in a while when she saw something she liked. 

At one point this super sexy blond dancer came on stage, very natural looking, real tits and sweet ass, not too thin, not too muscular, just naturally sexy. My girlfriend was sitting on the edge of her seat like a puppy waiting for a treat!! She really nudged me when this one came up and pointed toward the seats at the stage, I just smiled and took her by the hand and we moved up. I gave her sme ones as the dancers routine began. She watched intently as the dancer moved to the music, she also began moving in her chair to the music, she got the dancers attention by waving some ones in the air, the dancer came over and crawled across the brass bar and straight up to my girlfriends face, she whispered something in my girlfriends ear and gave her a slight kiss on the cheek, the dancer then stuck her tits in my girlfriends face and my girlfriend gave her a kiss on her left breast. The dancer backed away and sat back on her heels so my girlfriend could see her sexy panties covering her pretty little pussy, my girlfriend reached out with some ones and put them in her waist band. 

The dancer moved on to some of the other clientele and kept making her rounds throughout the song. My girlfriend noticed the other 2 ladies who came in together moved up to the stage now as well. They also lured the dancer over with the same routine that my girlfriend used. They each had some fun with the dancer, giving and getting a couple little kisses and stuffing some ones in her panties and her bra. My girlfriend exchanged knowing glances with the 2 ladies and they all continued to watch, mesmerized by the dancer. 

The second song started and the dancer began to strip down, first her bra, which she unsnapped expertly and teased everyone before exposing her nipples to us. Nice and wide and very wrinkled and hard, just like my girls'. As she danced some more, she would tease by pulling aside her panties for a peek at her neatly trimmed pussy which was glistening with sweat and pussy juice, soon she pulled her panties off as well and showed us all her sweet spot from several positions, I especially liked it when she bent over and exposed her pretty little pucker hole and her pussy at the same time. It seems like every time my girlfriend would see her spread her legs wide open, she would lick her lips, she has never tasted another woman's pussy before, but I know she has fantasies about it. The second song ended and the dancer made her rounds and thanked everyone at the stage as she collected her money and she went back to the dressing room to freshen up. My girlfriend and I returned to our original seats.

A short time later the 2 ladies who were together earlier came over and introduced themselves and asked if they could join us. We both were feeling rather jovial by then and agreed. One was named Sherry, she was about 30 years old, blond, had a cute face and eyes that said "fuck me now", a nice set of probably C cups and an overall killer body, just the way I and apparently my girlfriend likes. 

The other one was Jennifer, she was more of a dirty blond, she had that look as if she works in an office for a living, a little more reserved, she was slightly more thick than her friend, but nicely proportioned, probably D cups, a larger ass (I'll never complain about a little cushion for the pushing!), but overall a very nice hour glass figure, like I said nicely proportioned. 

It turns out these 2 ladies are in town for a convention for their jobs and are out tonight blowing off some steam, in our conversation they said they have both gone to other strip clubs in their hometown and rather enjoy looking at the ladies. I ordered another round of drinks for all of us and we watched some more dancers. 

My girlfriend and these ladies seemed to be getting along really well. Now and then one of the ladies working the floor would come up and chat with them for a few, offer them a lap dance and the girls would say no, however they all still got very excited when their favorite blond dancer would come around again for a turn on stage. They would all move up to the stage and give her tip after tip, I had to give my girl some more ones just to keep her in the game. 

After the blond's last dance and her subsequent clean up, she came over to the girls and offered them a lap dance, the other 2 ladies said yes and my girl turned and looked at me with a questioning look and I gave her a knowing wink, and she also said yes, as long as I got to come along. 

The dancer led all 4 of us down a hallway and into a dimly lit room with a half round leather couch in it, she had me sit down first and Jennifer to my left and my girlfriend to my right and Sherry to her right. She gave us the price and said since there is 4 of us she would give us around a total of 6 songs worth of dances so she could get around to everyone, we all dished out our money to her and she began when the next song started. She started with a sexy dance in the middle of the room for all of us to see, she even pulled her panties to the side and let us peek at her sweet pussy again (not sure if she was allowed to, but she did it anyway) even in the dimly lit room you could see she was very excited, the very pronounced aroused pussy lips, which were clearly wet and her hard love button on top. She continued to move around and dance for us, she made a quick visit to each of us and gave us all a kiss on the cheek and a brush of her long blond hair, her scent was amazing. 

As the next song began, she moved to me individually, she had me sit on my hands, so as not to touch her "illegally", she climbed into my lap and started grinding her pussy against my obvious hard on, which was easy to feel in my dress slacks, and she rubbed her lovely natural tits against my face which i promptly kissed, she would bit my earlobe in this amazing fluid routine she had, should would slide off my lap and trace her fingers down my chest and over my crotch, just skimming over my hard on, which by now was oozing precum through my slacks. She would turn around and back her beautiful ass into me and sorta jerk my cock with her ass cheeks, amazing. She was making eye contact with me the whole time and giving me that great "fuck me" stare. Every once in a while she would sit on my knee and grind her pussy against, I'm sure helping her own arousal. As my song was finishing she leaned in and said thanks and kissed me on the cheek. 

Next she moved to Jennifer who was to my right, she started out the same way, however she did not make Jennifer sit on her hands, must have been just a man thing. Jennifer sat back and let this sexy lady do her thing. Jennifer was wearing dress slacks and a loose fitting low cut blouse which accentuated her tits. The dancer would dive her head down to Jennifer's cleavage every now and then and give them a lick or a kiss. She was sliding her hands all over Jennifer, over her tits and down between her now spread legs. Jennifer's face was that of pure ecstasy. By now my girl was sitting closer to me and she was fondling my hard on playfully through my pants. Meanwhile Jennifer was starting to let her hands wander around this dancer, she would rub her hands up and down her thighs when she was being straddled. And she even reached back and squeezed her ass cheeks the way a man would to a girl who is riding him. The dancer was placing kisses all over Jennifer's ears and neck and cleavage. At the end of her song, she kissed Jennifer straight on the mouth, Jennifer definitely responded and it seemed like this was not the first time she kissed another woman. 

The dancer moved to Sherry next, who was apparently feeling real good by now, she was smiling big and talking a little dirty to the dancer, who seemed to respond well to it. Sherry was wearing an even more revealing low cut top than her friend and a relatively short loose skirt. As the dancer climbed into her lap, Sherry immediately reached behind her and pulled her in close and planted kisses all over the uncovered portions of the dancers tits, without objection I might add. The dancer was showering Sherry with her hair and letting it caress Sherry's cleavage. She buried her head between Sherry's tits which were now slightly exposed to her sexy lace bra. She was running her hands along the sides of her tits and squeezing them against her face. She moved her hands down to the outside of Sherry's thighs and slid them up and down, in doing so she hiked up her skirt a little exposing the tops of her thigh highs, so sexy. My girl looked at me with excitement at that move considering she also had on a skirt. 

I could see that Sherry was getting very excited as her chest was heaving with deep breaths. The dancer moved lower and ran her hands all the way from Sherry's ankles and up to her thighs, under her skirt! Sherry responded by opening her legs a little, this caused the dancer to start kissing Sherry's inner thigh from her knees to just above the tops of her stockings. I could now see Sherry's matching panties, what a sight. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed that Jennifer was now rubbing her hand between her legs and obviously enjoying the show. The dancer stood up and placed her knee right between Sherry's legs and she took the hint and slid out to meet the knee and Sherry was now grinding her pussy against the dancers knee. As the song was ending the dancer moved up to give Sherry a kiss and she happily accepted and also grabbed a hold of the dancers ass and thanked her.

Now it was my girls turn, she moved away from me so the dancer could have better access to her. The dancer started off a little different with my girl, she backed her ass up to her and laid her head back against my girls shoulder and turned her head to face her and they kissed. My girl took the initiative to reach both of her hands around the dancer and fondled her tits. She slowly slid her hands down the dancers stomach and reached right between her legs which spread open at her touch. At this point Jennifer moved in closer to me so she could "see better", hmmmm. 

The dancer slid down my girls body and turned around while once she reached the floor and started caressing my girls thighs, my girl scooted forward to receive her touch. As in Sherry's case, this caused her skirt to ride up a little. The dancer then placed her knee between my girls legs, which sprung open to greet her knee. The dancer moved her tits into my girls face and my girl gladly planted kisses all over them, all the while now grinding her pussy against the strippers knee. The dancer removed her knee and now straddled my girl, she leaned way back and my girl held onto her ass cheeks now, the dancers raised herself back up and kissed my girls ears, neck and down to her tits which were almost escaping her corset. I could see the tops of her nipples clearly now and obviously so could the dancer and everyone else. Sherry was now rubbing her own tits with anticipation of what we all felt was coming next, Jennifer moved right up to me and was now pushing her tits against my shoulder. I responded by rubbing Jennifers thighs. 

The dancer kissed my girls tits and stuck her tongue down to touch the tops of her nipples. You could see them immediately wrinkle up and get very hard. The dancer seemed to say screw it at this point and pulled down on the bustier a little and up on my girls tits a little, her full nipples were now totally exposed and the dancer pinched and sucked them hard, just the way she likes it. This whole time my girl had her hand buried against the dancers crotch just rubbing away. The song came to an end and this seemed to pull the dancer out of her lustful state. She looked up at my girl and kissed her deeply and said thank you. 

The dancer told us to take our time and come out when we were ready, I gave her an additional tip for the good time and at this we all started to straighten up our clothing. My girl and I kissed and squeezed each other in a knowing way, we knew we had to fuck soon or we would go nuts. Sherry and Jennifer were whispering to each other and the next thing I knew they were in a full french kiss. My girlfriend and I looked at each other, a little startled. When Sherry and Jennifer came up for air, they asked us what we were gonna do now, we told them honestly that we wanted to go fuck somewhere soon, but we were probably not in a position to drive right now. The ladies responded with something that would change our sexual life forever, they said they needed to go fuck too and we were more than welcome to join them in their hotel room just down the street. My girl and I were already so aroused by the night that we both looked each other knowingly and said sure.
