 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

*

Introduction

My name is...well name's not important. Call me Ishmael-nah, just kidding. You can call me Nick. But I'm not writing this to tell you about me. I'm writing this to tell you about my girls. These are the girls I've known, the girls I've loved. 

I'm a lucky man. I have a good life. I'm a musician. I've worked tours, studios, jingles, composing, songwriting, engineering and producing. My job is incredibly fun and I've made pretty good money at it. No, I'm not famous. Don't even ask. You wouldn't recognize my name if I told you. 

I've had the chance to see some amazing places and meet some amazing women along the way. I'm going to tell you about some of them-not all, but some. Over the years I've slept with about three hundred women. I'm not bragging or anything, I'm just trying to make a point. My point is that the stories here are based on those girls. Some of the stories are combinations of more than one girls' tale, but that's only to keep me from writing hundreds of stories. What you're about to read is based on true events. 

Whether you believe them or not doesn't make any difference to me. I got to live them so that's all I need. Now I'm an old married guy, middle age is slipping by and I'm just reminiscing about the girls I've known in my life. Don't get me wrong. I may not be chasing after girls anymore but I'm still a lucky man. I've spent over twenty years now with the same girl and I love it. I've never been happier and I've never been unfaithful. But every now and then I stop to remember....

*

My first week back in college didn't go the way I planned. When things aren't planned they can go very well or very badly. I'm not sure if what happened was the good or bad. But...this isn't making sense. Let me just start at the beginning. 

Being sixteen and uncertain of who I was, I wasn't ready for college when I first enrolled. My family pushed me to go even though I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life. I left after three semesters and was pushing 30 before finally going back to school to get my degree. Being that old and a single dad with a six-year-old son, I figured I wouldn't have much of a social life. I was in for a surprise. 

The last day of registration I ran into an old friend from high school. It had been a long time since I'd seen him but in a sea of strange, teenage faces you grab for any lifeline you can. Dan was a year behind me in school but had gotten sick in his sophomore year and ended up finishing three years later than he would have. 

I thought that must have been a bitch, but he told me it was great. A high school senior who's old enough to buy beer has lots of friends. He got in college after working a couple of years to pay off his medical bills and save up. By then his high school friends were upper classmen so they got him into a fraternity. Being in the frat he knew just about everybody on campus. 

He offered to show me around when he found out he was the only person that I knew on campus. Over coffee in the Student Center, he invited me to a party at his house. The frat used the house he'd bought a couple blocks off campus as their unofficial headquarters and it was their favorite place to party. The top it off, it was his birthday. I had no time to get a gift or a date so I resigned myself to showing up empty-handed and alone. 

Then something happened I didn't expect. I got a call from Sandy who was passing through town and wanted to spend the night at my place. Since my son was at his grandparents for a week, I said yes. We'd hung out before and ended up having some wild nights together. I gave her directions then cleaned up and made dinner for the two of us. Whether to take her to the party or cancel and spend the night at home was the only question. I decided to leave it up to her. 

When she showed up she stepped out of her car looking as hot as ever. Sandy wasn't classically beautiful but she was stacked. At about 5' 6", she was slim and fit with a 36C, 22, 34 body, with shoulder length straight dark brown hair and an olive complexion. Her full lips begged to be kissed or have a cock between them and her tight little trimmed pussy was perfect to lick or fuck. She'd never refused me anything, no matter how wild or kinky it was. She was a little submissive and liked to have me boss her around. 

She'd also let me be the first to fuck her ass. It was one of those firm strong asses most women spend hours at the gym to get, but genetics and working on her feet gave her one effortlessly. Taking her ass had been an amazing experience. Her ass was as tight on the inside as it was on the outside. Even though she was strong, she was incredibly sensitive. When I teased her little rosebud the first time, she came immediately. She was the first woman I'd ever known who could come just from having her ass fucked. 

I'll never forget the first night we spent together. She was at the bar with her girlfriends when I came in. It was an after hours club where every musician in town hung out after our shows were over. We saw each other and spent a little time checking each other out before a guy came in and started hassling her. The owner was a friend of mine and was busy hosting a party upstairs in the VIP room so I told the bartender I'd take care of it. As the guy tried to take her outside I followed them. Just before he got her to the front door, I offered her my hand and asked if she needed help. 

The look in her eyes said it all. I pulled her away from him. He knew from my body language that it was time to back off and he did. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. The next thing I knew she and her girlfriends were buying me drinks and we partied for hours. Two of her friends were so hot that I couldn't stop checking them out hoping to score, but Sandy had other ideas. When closing time came around the bar owner called us a cab and gave the driver my address. Making out with her in the cab was great, but it was nothing compared to what happened once we got to my place. 

She latched onto me as I unlocked the door. Then she stepped back into the open door and started stripping. She said, "Don't move a muscle. Where is your bedroom?" 

I nodded to the hallway and said, "Second door on the left." I stood and watched her back down the hall, leaving a trail of clothes behind her. With nothing but her heels left on she leaned against the open door frame and ran her hands up and down her lean body. Cupping her heavy breasts in her hands, she squeezed them and pulled hard on her nipples. With her left hand still mauling her breast, she slid her right hand down across her stomach to tease her well-groomed slit. I was awestruck. She was so hot I couldn't wait to feel her body, to taste her, to hear her scream under me. I watched her as she played with her clit and slowly stroked her body. 

She asked me, "Do you want to watch me come or get over here and make me come?"

"Both." I said. Her eyes opened just a little wider as she smiled and began to shudder as she approached her first orgasm of the night. 

I knelt at her feet and ate her to two more orgasms while she stood there in the doorway. Fist I planted soft wet kisses up her right thigh and across her belly. Then I worked my way down her left leg. I nibbled around her mound, tasting her flesh and letting her anticipation build until she was all but begging me to suck her clit. Her scent filled the air as I stuffed my tongue into her sweet pussy. She ground her hot wet slit against my face as I fucked her with my tongue. Writhing and coming the sound of her pleasure echoed into the night. 

She stripped me and sucked me with such intensity that I came fast and hard as she fucked her face with my dick. Grabbing the shaft with one hand, she dropped to her knees between my legs. Holding me tight she attacked my cock head with a hungry look in her eye. As she sucked me, she looked me in the eye and stroked my shaft with her warm, soft hand. I couldn't hold back. Load after load pumped between her lips as they wrapped around my rod. 

When I recovered I picked her up, kissed her and threw her onto my bed. It was hours later before we finally curled up together to sleep. We made love slowly and gently, fucked hard and fast, ate each other out, and kept going at it all night.

Let me tell you about myself. I'm 6', about 200 lbs. I have a broad chest and flat stomach. I work out a lot, but I'm not muscle bound. As a kid I was in band and never took P.E. or got into sports. Because of that, I was never in the situation to compare myself to other guys (other than ones in porn). I didn't know if it was true, but girls always said they were impressed by the size of my cock. One girlfriend who couldn't take it all even measured me. I'm a fraction under 8" long and I can't get my fingers to touch around my shaft. 

It feels like bragging to write this down, but it's the truth. It doesn't mean much to me, but the girls I've been with like it. They also like that I can get off two or three times without going soft. And that I can get off four or five times a night. I think it's because when I first started jerking off, I would flex the muscles in my dick as I came. That gave me the ability to control it and shoot a little or a lot. The ability to flex my cock mixed with an over-active sex drive let me stay hard even after coming. 

When Sandy's came to visit we fucked like two old friends do. The first was in the living room with me forcing her against the wall. I pushed her tiny little skirt up and ran my fingers across the wetness that was dripping out of her. With a hand on each side I pulled up and out, driving the gusset of her panties in between her lips. The pressure on her clit made her writhe in my arms before the fragile fabric split apart. She left my shirt on me and went straight for the zipper in my pants. Opening it she fished out my hard cock and pumped it urgently before she guided it into her soft, wet pussy. She wrapped herself around me and sank down onto my rod, letting me fill her with the long thick shaft. Her back arched as she did lifting her breasts and pushing them out toward me. I pulled her shirt open sending buttons flying around the room. When her chest was freed I pounced on her tits, devouring them like a man possessed. The pictures on the wall shook as we slammed our bodies together fighting our way to the orgasm we both craved. 

Kissing and nuzzling each other after we came, we dropped to the floor. With her on her hands and knees I fucked her ass hard and deep. She lowered her head to the carpet and reached back to spread her ass so I could get every rock hard inch of my cock into her bowels. When I was firmly seated in her, she shoved one hand hard into her pussy and mauled her tits with the other. The impact of our sweat soaked bodies rang out as we slapped together. I rode her like a bitch in heat. If I slowed or hesitated in my assault of her tight little ass she would push back against me to urge me on. She cried out her release and we collapsed to the floor. 

After she caught her breath, she got a wet towel to clean me up. I lay on my back as she washed down. But my cock wasn't taking her ministrations lying down. It was standing proud and erect, ready for action. Once she was convinced I wasn't finished, she began a fantastic blowjob that started on the living room floor and continued in the shower after I got to my feet. My cock finally softened after she took me into her throat. She valiantly tried to swallow me all the way to my balls. Her eager performance triggered an orgasm that started in my toes and ran all the way out my cock. We fell into bed damp and exhausted. We cuddled, kissed and talked until we fell asleep. 

Suddenly I woke and remembered Dan's party. Cursing myself, I jumped out of bed. I explained the whole thing to her and started getting dressed. She grabbed her bra and skirt and slipped them on asking, "Shall I go like this?" 

Laughing I said, "No you need a big bow so he can unwrap you." 

"Oh, you want give me away to your frat boy friend?" she taunted. 

I was stunned. I hadn't meant to insult her. As she started laughing, I realized how it sounded. That's when I got stupid... I thought I had a good idea, but I was wrong. 

I said, "Yeah. Now I'm not asking you to fuck him...but I'd love to surprise Dan. I know his girlfriend is out of town. Why don't I sneak you into his room and you slip into his bed? Then I'll send him in for a birthday kiss form you. You can be my present to him. It'll be a great gag." 

We laughed our asses off as we talked about it. The longer we joked around the more it seemed like we were going to do it. She unpacked an obscenely tiny swimsuit and put it on. We wrapped a long red piece of cloth around her like a beauty contestant sash and tied it in a bow. She slipped a long coat on over that. I put a t-shirt and little skirt of hers in a backpack (for her to wear after the surprise) and we were off. 

The first part of our scheme went exactly as planned. I got in the back door without Dan seeing me. One of Dan's frat brothers distracted him while I got Sandy in his room. I gave her a kiss at the door and told her to send Dan to me when she was ready for her clothes. Then I found Dan and took him aside. I told him how much it meant to me to reconnect with an old friend and how great it was he was there at school too. 

"Finally," I said, "Only something special for your birthday will let me thank you properly, so I left a surprise in your room." It took me a while to convince him to go check it out, but eventually he did. While he was gone I started drinking with his buddies. They kept my glass filled non-stop all night long. The next thing I knew it was morning and two girls were in my bed with me. One was naked and one wasn't. 

The clothed girl rubbed her eyes as she woke up and said, "Julie says you're a good fuck. I want to try you sometime, but decided to wait until you're awake." 

"Thanks." I said. "If that's Julie...but who are you?"

"My name's Renée. I'll catch up with you later." She said as she grabbed my morning hard-on. "It was fun watching the two of you last night. I hope you don't mind."

"I guess not if you'll pay me back one of these days." 

"Hmmm...I hope so." She said, kissing me before she slipped out of bed.

I watched her ass as she walked away then I came back to reality. "Hey. Where's Sandy?" I yelled at her, waking Julie up. 

"Is that the hooker you got for Dan?" Julie asked. "She's still at the Dan's with the boys."

Jumping up I said, "She's not a hooker. She's a friend of mine." I responded. "And all I asked her to do was give Dan a kiss for his birthday. What's she still doing there?"

Renée chuckled. "It's not what she's doing...it's who's she doing...or maybe it would be easier to figure out who she isn't doing."

Julie laughed and rolled over trying to shut us out enough to sleep.

Naked, I grabbed Renée and pinned her to the wall. "What the hell are you two talking about? What are they doing to her?"

Wide eyed she hurriedly told me, "Honey they're not doing it to her, she's doing it to them. She's done the whole frat at least once. Hell, she's probably done some of them two or three times by now. I've never seen a girl go like that. I talked to her twice last night and she didn't want to quit. She even told Julie and me to find you and make sure you had a good time." She must have seen my fears for Sandy. "Oh, God...don't worry. She said you'd be worried for her, but don't. It's okay. She's having fun." 

I sat on the edge of the bed and put my head in my hands. "That's not what I planned on happening...it was just supposed to be a kiss."

From under the covers Julie mumbled, "What was supposed to be a kiss?"

"She was supposed to tease Dan a bit and give him a birthday kiss. That's all."

Renée gave me an intense look and asked, "Are you like in love with her or something?"

"No. But she's a friend of mine. I wasn't trying to set her up for a gangbang." 

"Well, like I said, she wanted it. What she told me was that she gave Dan a blowjob then fucked his brains out. After that she did his housemates, then told them to keep the dick coming until she said 'Uncle'. That went on all night and this morning. I checked in about an hour ago and she was still at it. I heard she has a thing for Omar." 

"I can't believe it. I've got to talk to her." I said. 

"It's true she thinks Sheik Wanna-be is hot."

"What? Not about Omar. I can't believe she wanted to be gang-banged!"

"Oh, that. Well, let's call her...you'll see for yourself."

She took me by the hand and we went down the hall to the phone. She called Dan's and after a couple of tries some guy answered the phone. "Let me speak to Sandy-right now." She said. After just a moment she said, "Hi, Honey. Are you okay? Yeah, he woke up and was freaked out. He's so worried about you. Yeah, it is cute. He wants to talk to you...yeah, right now."

Sandy was out of breath on the other end of the phone but she convinced me that she was all right. She thanked me for everything saying, "I always wanted to try this, but I never had the nerve. I know it wasn't what you planned, but I wanted it. If it's okay, I'm going to stay a little bit longer before I come back. I told Julie and Renée to take good care of you, Baby. I'm okay. I'll see you later. Have fun...I know I am."

I had to put my head between my knees. What I'd intended to be a harmless joke turned out to be a full-tilt gangbang. Renée kept reassuring me and telling me to relax that everything would be okay. 

She hung out with me helping me calm down as I got cleaned up. Renée and Julie were sorority sisters and sweethearts of the frat. Other than my unconscious sex with Julie, I hadn't done anything else with them. When Sandy saw the frat brothers getting me drunk she sent the girls to rescue me and get me home. Julie came staggering down the hall to tell us she was headed back to the dorm to get some sleep. Renée stayed with me. Later in the day, Sandy called and asked me to come get her. Renée and I drove over with her clothes to Dan's. When we got there, Omar, Dan's roommate answered the door. He glared at me as he took Sandy's things and closed the door to leave us on the porch. His attitude really pissed me off. If Renée hadn't stopped me, I would have broken the door down to force my way in. 

Dan came out and thanked me over and over again. He could see from my face that I wasn't happy about what happened. "Do you have a thing for her, man?" he asked.

"No, but she's my friend and if you guys have hurt her or forced her to do anything..."

"We didn't. I swear we didn't, man. You know me better than that." He got serious saying, "I've asked her over and over again if she really wanted to do this, man. She said 'Yes' every time I asked. She didn't have more than one beer so I know she wasn't drunk or anything." 

"Okay, Dan. As long and she says it was all right, we're not going to have a problem. You've been a friend of mine for a long time. But I won't stand for you taking advantage of her or hurting her. I've got to see her for myself and hear her say it. If she's says she's okay then we'll be okay." Both Dan and Renée could see me clenching and unclenching my fists, ready to give him a beating.

Cautiously Dan went on, "I should tell you, man. She's got a thing for Omar. He told her about his family and she fell for it. He's got some distant link to royalty back home. He's the third cousin of the prince's fifth wife or something, but he plays it up and shows girls pictures of himself in the palace and stuff. She was getting into it. He's a little pissed she's going back to your place. Omar's not happy about it, but she's not giving him any choice."
