 I walked down the long corridor hesitantly. The message I received from Karen was both cryptic and surprising. I had known Karen on-line for several months but had never met her. She left a message on my voice mail indicating she was in town and needed to see me. She asked that I come to her hotel room at 2:00. I tried to get in touch with her and couldn’t. That, combined with the sound of her voice on the message, had left me concerned. I knocked on the door to room 330 at exactly 2:00. I am not sure why but after getting no answer for several minutes I tried the knob and to my surprise the door opened. There were no lights on and the curtains were drawn shut. All I could make out in the shadows was that I was in the living room of a small suite. 

It appeared I was alone in the room and I decided to try the bedroom. I flipped the light switch but no illumination was forthcoming. I groped my way to the bedroom door and opened it slowly. The bedroom was dark also. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest as I stepped into the completely dark room. Before my eyes could adjust, a giggle and the flash of a match being lit drew my attention to the far corner of the room. There set Karen. She was lighting a candle that illuminated the sheer lounging robe she wore. The material was so thin it hid nothing even in the dim glow of the candlelight. Her breasts were like perfect orbs and the negligee formed an outline over her stiff nipples. Her body curved in all the right places.  Only her crossed legs caused anything to be left to my imagination.

Karen smiled and said, “Hi, sweetie, thank you for coming. I have a surprise for you.”

Her eyes led me to look toward the bed. There lying naked in the middle of a huge round bed was my Sinaid. Sinaid was my long distance lover. This was only the second time I had ever seen her in person. Her arms were up over her head and I realized her wrists were bound and tied to the headboard. Almost forgetting Karen was there I went to the bed and crawled up to my love. Sinaid smiled at me but did not speak. I brought my panting lips to her and kissed her deeply. My tongue probed her mouth as if I was a staving man and she was the sustenance of life.  Her tongue met mine and our tongues played in an erotic orgy of mutual desire.

While Sinaid and I kissed, Karen had gone around the room lighting a myriad of candles. When at last I managed to break away from Sinaid’s lips, I saw the room was bathed in a warm glow from what seemed like a hundred candles. I turned to where Karen had set before and started to apologize for my impetuous rudeness. Karen cut me off, reminding me of how much she enjoyed watching. I slipped off the bed and began undress slowly as I stared at my beautiful lover on the bed. Her body was as enticing as it always was in my imagination when we played on-line. I pulled my shirt over my head and moved my hands to my belt as I watched Sinaid’s perfect tits heave up and down with each deep breath. I quickly unbuckled and unzipped as I kicked off my shoes. My pants fell to the floor and I stepped free of them. Sinaid made her first sound upon seeing my bulging knit boxer briefs. Her squeal of excitement alerted Karen, who protested that she couldn’t see. 

Not wishing to deny the one who had brought me my gift I turned to show Karen what had elicited the squeal. I gasped when I saw her. She was standing and the shear negligee was open. The greater light revealed all of her treasures this time. Then she smiled, shrugged her shoulders and the gown fell to the floor. I began to wish Karen wanted to do more then watch as I watched her take her seat. This time she did not cross her legs. Instead she spread them so I could clearly see her neatly trimmed bush and already glistening pussy lips.

“Come on big boy back to business!” Karen cooed as she waved me back toward the bed and my love.

I slipped my shorts off and tossed them to Karen before turning back to Sinaid. Her eyes darted from me to Karen. I could see in Sinaid’s look that she would like for Karen to do more then watch also. Lust overcame me and I pushed Sinaid’s legs apart and begin kissing slowly up her right leg starting at her ankle. With each kiss I moved up her leg slightly, using both my lips and tongue to taste every inch of her. Sinaid began to squirm as I reached her thigh and my breath bathed her in upper leg in a warm sensual breeze. As I neared Sinaid’s hot sex I laid my head on her thigh and looked back at Karen. She already had a dreamy look on her face and her breasts were heaving in passion. Her hand was between her legs and one finger was lazily playing with her clit. I asked Karen if she had any suggestions as to my next move. I was almost stunned that at the words that came from Karen’s lips.

“I suggest you eat her sweet cunt until she screams like a slut in heat and begs you to ram that beautiful cock of yours deep inside her quivering pussy! Then lick her fucking clit until she begs you to stop”

Sinaid then spoke for the first time, moaning, “Oh god, yes, please eat my pussy baby! Show Karen what a hot cunt licker you are and she will be the one screaming for you!” 

I of course had no idea that this was all completely orchestrated and in fact the two of them had spent the morning licking each other into numerous orgasms before showering and preparing for my arrival. It would not of mattered had I known. In fact when we discussed it later I was thrilled. Karen’s and Sinaid’s words made me want to climb on top of Sinaid and fuck her hard and wild like some beast might take his mate or perhaps how a violent man might fuck a cheap whore. However, I controlled my deepest primal urges and instead buried my face in Sinaid’s crotch and began to lick her hairless mound and outer labia.

I was spurred on by the moaning of both women. As I opened Sinaid’s wet sensitive pussy lips with my fingers, I could see in my mind Karen masturbating as she sat transfixed watching the show. I knew her fingers were violating her own sweet pussy and tweaking her clit as her other hand enjoyed playing with those delicious tits. I ran my tongue up and down Sinaid’s slit, nibbling on her sweet pink inner folds and sucking her clit between my lips with each pass. Then without warning I plunged my tongue deep inside her hot, sweet cunt. I pressed my lips to her so I could get my tongue as deep as possible inside her delicious tunnel, then I slowly fucked her with my tongue, drawing it in and out of her as I drank in her flowing pussy juice. 

After several minutes of tongue fucking her I withdrew my tongue from her honey pit and went to work on her clit. I used my tongue, lips and teeth in a wild orgy of clit play as I replaced my tongue with two fingers in her tight quivering pussy. I was soon rewarded for my efforts by Sinaid’s erotic screams of passion. She was in the throws a series of intense orgasms. Sinaid was thrashing around so much I feared she would cut her wrists on the ropes that bound her to the bed. I started to pull my mouth from Sinaid’s pussy to implore Karen to untie the ropes when a second set of orgasmic moans filled the room. Karen too was in the throws of an orgasm. Both women now screamed for me to fuck Sinaid. 

“Baby, god I need you cock in my cunt now!” Sinaid yelled between orgasms.

“Fuck her, Rob! Fill her cunt to the brim so I can eat your cum form her sweet pussy!” Karen added.

I kissed my way up Sinaid’s orgasming body, finger fucking her the whole time. Using my fingertips to stimulate her G-spot and keep the orgasm going. When I reached her mouth I kissed her deeply as I untied her wrists. Suddenly, Sinaid’s arms and legs were around me, pulling me to her body. She moaned for me to fuck her hard and I buried my throbbing shaft deep in her pussy. As I impaled Sinaid, driving my cock in and out of her body, Karen joined us on the bed. Karen began to fondle my ass and balls as I pumped my cock deep into Sinaid’s pussy. Both women were now imploring me to cum and fill Sinaid’s hot cunt with my seed. Their moans and screams, Karen’s talented hands and most of all Sinaid’s hot tight convulsing pussy drove me over the edge. As I exploded deep inside her pussy, I began to roar like a beast. My entire body shook as wave after wave of pleasure filled my senses. I entered a kind of dreamlike state as my body attempted to shoot every last drop of my essence into Sinaid. The room was alive with the sounds and smells of pure sexual ecstasy.  

Completely drained I rolled off Sinaid and lay panting as Karen and Sinaid made out wildly beside me.

When finally I was able to catch my breath, I moved onto my side and propped my head up on my arm. I watched enraptured as Karen began to kiss her way done Sinaid’s sensual neck. Only inches from the two gorgeous female lovers I could see the glistening line of saliva Karen’s tongue left as she slowly moved down Sinaid’s neck and shoulder. Karen winked at me as she began to kiss and lick the tit nearest me. Sinaid’s tits are magnificent and enticing, large enough to make a statement however, not so large as to be overdone or fake in appearance. Her perfect orbs set off the large dark areolas that surround her oh so suckable nipples. I nudged Karen and she quickly took the hint to move to Sinaid’s other tit, leaving me free access. Karen and I side by side sucked and fondled and nibbled all over Sinaid’s sweet melons. Sinaid moaned and caressed our heads as we attempted to feed our insatiable hunger by suckling her tits.

As Karen began to slowly kiss down Sinaid’s abdomen, I continued to suck and bite Sinaid’s left tit. I also moved my hand to Sinaid’s right tight to replace the attention Karen’s mouth was no longer providing. Sinaid’s purrs turned to moans as I rolled her nipple between my fingers and Karen began licking her hairless mound. Sinaid drew her knees up and opened her legs to give Karen complete access to her cunt. I looked toward Sinaid’s treasures just as Karen spread Sinaid’s pussy lips open. I saw my seed running from Sinaid’s still quivering cunt into her slit.

“Oh yes baby, just what I was hoping to find! A pussy full of Rob’s hot cum for me to eat,” Karen exclaimed as she stuck her tongue into the thick creamy goo that was flowing out of my lover’s hot pussy. 

Karen lapped at Sinaid’s pussy causing her to thrash about on the bed. I kissed my way up to Sinaid’s mouth and slid my tongue past her full luscious lips. My lips and tongue barely muffled Sinaid’s screams as she came on Karen’s face. I broke the kiss and looked down to see that Karen was now finger fucking Sinaid’s tight pussy and sucking hard on her excited clit. I again rolled on my side so I could watch, but this time I put my head near Sinaid’s pussy so I could see better. Karen was lost in lustfully eating Sinaid’s cunt and Sinaid continued to cum hard. Wave after wave of orgasm engulfed her body and her screams filled the room with the sound of unbridled animal sexual passion. 

As she continued to finger fuck Sinaid, Karen moved her lips to mine and kissed me deeply. She tasted of raw sex. The scent of Sinaid’s pussy covered her and filled my senses. As she withdrew her tongue and mine followed into her mouth, I could also taste a hint of my sex mixed in with the powerful flavor of Sinaid’s cunt. I broke the kiss and buried my face in my beloved’s pussy just as Sinaid took my cock into her mouth and began to suck me as if her life depended upon swallowing the contents of my cock. Karen put her hand on the back of my head and pressed my face into Sinaid’s hot cunt as she withdrew her fingers. Though I feared I might smoother, I eagerly pushed my tongue deep inside Sinaid’s hot fuck tunnel. My tongue was now working Sinaid’s cunt as my cock had done before. I did my best to make my tongue a second cock thoroughly fucking her cunt as I was now fucking her mouth with my once again throbbing cock.

The next thing I knew I was pushed back over on my back and had both Karen and Sinaid atop me, licking, kissing, sucking and nibbling on my cock and balls. I felt as If I was being assaulted by wild she-creatures. My entire body was alive with the amazing sensations my two hungry, horny bedmates were creating with their mouths. Just as I felt I was about to explode, the wild oral feast stopped and Sinaid left the bed. I was bewilder by the sudden change, but the sexual fog I was in prevented me from action. Then Karen moved cat like and was upon me.

“My turn to ride that big, hot cock, stud!” Karen cried out as she wrapped my cock in her juicy cunt.

“Oh yes, baby! Fuck my man good so I can eat his cum from your pussy!” Sinaid moaned from somewhere behind me.

I began to roar has Karen bobbed up and down on my impossibly swollen throbbing cock. In my lust I reached up and grabbed Karen’s tits, massaging them roughly as she fucked me wildly. I felt as if the bed was bouncing up and down under us. I felt Karen’s pussy muscles massaging my cock and knew the end was near. Suddenly, the warmth of Sinaid’s breath flooded the side of my head and she was French kissing my ear and whispering how hot it was to see me fucked by the same pussy she had been licking all morning. Karen and I screamed as one as both our bodies exploded! I thought I was going to pass out from pleasure overload as my senses were overwhelmed by an incredibly long sustained orgasm. I was only vaguely aware that Sinaid was kissing me and Karen was screaming as she came again and again while she milked every last drop of cum from my slowly shrinking cock. My senses were completely inundated; I was in an entirely different dimension.

When the fog finally lifted, Karen was no longer atop me. Her screams were now the result of Sinaid’s talented tongue. The pair had apparently begun to sixty-nine after Karen’s wild fucking had caused me to blackout briefly. Sinaid was devouring my cum from Karen’s cunt as Karen had done to her’s earlier. Karen was licking and moaning into Sinaid’s pussy as her orgasms continued. For the moment I was content to lie back and watch the ladies pleasure each other as I was sated beyond anything I had ever known before. 

I lay back enjoying the orgasmic high brought on by being thoroughly fucked by the two vixens I now watched enthusiastically pleasuring each other. Sinaid was atop Karen devouring her cum oozing cunt like a lioness feeding on a fresh kill. At the same time she was grinding her overheated sex into Karen’s face. Karen eagerly lapped up the ample sex juices flowing from Sinaid’s quivering pussy even as her body was convulsing in an almost continuous series of orgasms. Sinaid’s lips, tongue and teeth kept the powerful orgasm going in Karen’s loins that had started when she rode my cock to explosion. 



As if controlled by an unknown force I reached over and stroked my love, Sinaid’s beautiful ass as she fucked Karen’s face with her hot pussy. I could feel her body tighten and knew she would soon be lost in orgasm. I slid my fingers along her inviting ass crack and they were soon covered in a mixture of hot cunt juice and Karen’s saliva. It seemed as if Karen’s tongue was everywhere including my fingers. I pressed the tip of my wet, slick middle finger against Sinaid’s tight asshole. Just as I did, Karen pulled Sinaid’d face away from her cunt because she couldn’t take any more stimulation. Sinaid sat up forcing her cunt down onto Karen’s face and causing her ass to swallow my finger. When Sinaid raised up to begin fucking my finger, I quickly added a second finger. Sinaid dropped down hard and my two middle fingers plunged deep into her tight ass. She cried out as her body convulsed from the powerful orgasm that began deep inside her and soon consumed her body. Sinaid became so lost in pleasure she uncontrollably ground her pussy into Karen’s face. I looked up at Sinaid’s face and saw her eyes roll back in her head. Karen’s muffled cries alerted me that she was unable to breath and a pushed Sinaid up and off Karen’s face.

Suddenly, Sinaid reached down and grabbed my once again hard cock and began to jerk it hard.  As Sinaid continued to orgasm she pumped my cock roughly. I feared she would rip my throbbing organ from my body. She had completely lost controlled and was screaming like banshee at that point. I pulled my fingers from her ass, grabbed her wrists and pushed her off Karen. Karen rolled away gasping as I held Sinaid’s convulsing body pinned to the bed. 

Sinaid looked into my eyes and screamed, “Fuck me you bastard! Fill my god damn cunt with that fuck stick!” as she dug her nails into my flesh.

I pushed Sinaid’s legs apart and buried my cock deep inside her seemingly insatiable pussy. Her legs wrapped around me and pulled me close. She had me locked inside her. Though I was the one on top in the supposedly superior position, Sinaid was clearly in charge now. For being so much smaller then me she was incredibly powerful. Using her thighs she forced me in and out of her cunt, which was squeezing my cock like a velvet vice. Her hands were now on my back. Her nails were digging into me like the claws of the lioness she had become.  

Sinaid bit into my chest and pierced my nipples as her claws were piercing my back. My body was alive with the curious combination of sexual pleasure and the burning pain of bleeding cuts. I had entered a state of carnal lust beyond anything I had ever felt before. Sinaid could have shredded my back with her claws, the room could have been engulfed in flames, the world could have erupted in chaos. It mattered not, all I cared about was fucking the wild orgasming she creature under me. She was my bitch and I was her wild uninhibited fuck toy.

Suddenly, I felt my head being yanked back. Karen had a fistful of my hair and was pulling me off Sinaid. Sinaid smiled evilly at me as Karen yanked harder. I was forced to get off Sinaid or lose a clump of hair. Karen pulled until I was on my knees on the floor. I was confused but still filled with desire and the need for sexual release. I hoped that Karen had pulled me off Sinaid so that she could ride my cock again. When she released my hair and stood in front of me, I discovered she had something completely different in mind. Karen was wearing a strap on dildo and it was clear from her demeanor she planned to fuck me this time.

“Come on suck it big boy, you know you want to! Besides it will side in your ass a lot easier if it is wet,” she hissed at me.

I was both scared and excited at the prospect of being fucked. Other then an occasional probing finger I was an anal virgin. As Karen pushed the plastic cock toward my face, Sinaid crawled off the bed and was caressing my quivering ass.

“come on lover, suck Karen’s cock,” Sinaid cooed as she slid her hand down my ass and began gently caressing my balls.

My still hard cock twitched as I tentatively took the plastic dick between lips. Sinaid began licking my tight anal rim as Karen pushed ‘her’ cock into my mouth. I felt my sphincter begin to loosen as Sinaid gently tongue fucked my asshole. When the plastic cock hit the back of my throat I gagged and Karen pulled back. Both girls giggled. Knowing I needed to get Karen’s cock nice and wet, I ran my mouth up and down the sides of the amazingly lifelike fake cock. I used my tongue to coat it with saliva. I was still unsure about being fucked, but both ladies seemed to want it so much, I decided to let her try. Besides I doubt I had any choice in the matter at that point anyway.

Sinaid took her mouth away from my ass and I felt the tip of a small tube being inserted into the vacated opening. Suddenly I had a new sensation come over me as my ass was filled with a cold jell. Then Sinaid began to work first one then two fingers into my now well lubed ass. She stretched me and worked my prostate until I was at a point I thought I would explode. When she withdrew her fingers I felt empty and for the first time I craved the cock that Karen wore. The girls switched positions and Karen begin to tease my ass with her cock.
