 I wrote this as a request from one of my followers based upon a fantasy of his. Chapter 2 will be submitted shortly.

***

My name is Chan and I've been dating my girlfriend Lei for just over five years. We started dating when we both worked in the same office five years ago. She was the new girl and attracted the attention of most of the guys in the office from the day she started. Lei, who is Asian like me, has dark eyes, black hair, amazing 34D breasts and a beautiful round ass. She has that "girl next door" look about her, pretty but doesn't need to wear a lot of makeup and is somewhat reserved. She dresses in a professional manner but you can tell she is hiding a beautiful body under her conservative wardrobe. I think it gives her a mysterious quality as guys like to undress her with their eyes. They like catching a peek of her thighs when she crosses her legs or getting a glimpse of her lace bra when she leans forward, wondering what she would look like naked.

Several of guys in the office tried to date Lei, but she rejected their advances because, as I found out later, they seemed like that they only wanted to have sex with her. She didn't want to be one of their conquests, only to have them brag about having sex with her to the other guys in the office. I never thought a woman as beautiful as she would ever want to date me. I'm kind of nerdy, and not real confident in myself but I think Lei recognized that I wasn't like the other guys. We started having lunch together, talking about our mutual interests and life in general. I think she found it cute that I didn't have the confidence to ask her out right away but that made me different from the other guys. My best friend, Gene, finally convinced me to ask her out and I was shocked when, after gathering up all of my courage, she agreed to go on a date with me.

I was so nervous to be with such a gorgeous woman, I was shocked she agreed to go out with me a second time. I know other guys were looking at her wondering why she was with a guy like me but that just made me proud and I kind of liked them being envious of me, which was a different feeling for me. The more they checked her out, the better I felt. I gained more confidence too, enough to finally ask her to sleep with me after almost of two months of dating. I wasn't very experienced and Lei told me later, that she had only been with two other guys herself. That made me feel a lot better.

When I first saw her naked body, I thought I had died and went to heaven. I knew she was pretty and had a beautiful body but seeing her naked was something I couldn't have imagined. She is 5'7", about 130 lbs. with firm, full 34D breasts. Her nipples are dark which draws your attention directly to them. Her legs are slender and her ass is nice and round but not big. The first time we made love, it was soft and tender but then it became hot and sensual. She is still fairly conservative in the bedroom, not liking to swallow cum and refusing any type of anal play but that is fine with me. I didn't care because I was falling in love with Lei.

As we became more comfortable with each other, I tried to get Lei to dress a little sexier but she has her limits. She won't show too much cleavage or wear her skirts too short but she still attracts the attention of other guys because, as much as she tries, it's still difficult for her to hide her large breasts and lovely butt. She looks especially attractive when wearing leggings or yoga pants that cling tightly to every curve of her butt. She has told me that guys will sometimes try to grope her on a crowded bus or subway. While I know I should be angry hearing this, I find it exciting to think of another man's hands, feeling and fondling my girlfriend's ass. 

The longer Lei and I dated, the more confident I became. I began to understand that she wasn't going to leave me for another man and truly loved me. Once I realized this, I began to enjoy men looking at her even more than before, to the point where it would turn me on. When we would go out to a bar with friends, guys were always inviting her to dance or trying to buy her a drink and they are shocked to see that she was with me but that makes me proud. These big, handsome guys are envious of me. I have a beautiful girlfriend and they can't have her. I've noticed guys rubbing up against her in a crowded bar or even grabbing a handful of her butt but I don't say anything. I enjoy seeing it. Lei always pushes them away but it turns me on. I wish I could have told her what it does to me but I was afraid she would have thought I had a sick mind. I didn't want to lose her, especially knowing how conservative she was in bed.

We had been dating for a few years, and began living together, when we were invited to a large picnic at a Gene's house. He is a pretty popular guy and he told us there was going to be a lot of people there, along with great food and booze. Lei wore a pair of tight shorts that highlighted her lovely butt and a loose t-shirt that sort of hid her large breasts. Her attire wasn't sexy but it still attracted the attention of a lot of the guys on this hot summer day. I went off to talk with some of my friends while Lei was off talking to hers. It was a great picnic as everyone was having a good time.

While I was getting another beer, I overheard one guy talking to his buddy. "Do you see that Asian girl over there? The one with the tight shorts. Her name is Lei and I knew her in college."

He didn't know I was standing behind them as he continued, "Well, she is hiding a great pair of tits underneath that t-shirt."

His buddy asked how he knew and I was curious as well. "She was pretty popular in the fraternity I was in. I think it was her senior year and most of the guys fucked her during some parties we had. She's a great cocksucker too."

The friend asked more details and I also wanted to know as I stood silently behind them eavesdropping. "During the spring semester she started dating one of my frat brothers and he got her to fuck and suck a few of us at each party we threw. By the end of the year, I think she had fucked us all. It was a small frat, about 15 guys. I tell you, she was one hot piece of ass. I wonder what she's doing now."

My heart sank. He was talking about the love of my life acting like a whore in college when she told me she only had two other lovers before me. I was hurt, disappointed, and stunned. I walked away to be by myself. I couldn't grasp what he was saying about the girl I hoped to marry one day. Maybe he was mistaken. But he was clearly pointing out Lei to his buddy. I had no idea what to do. Maybe it was someone that looked like her. But he called her Lei, so he must know her.

I was distracted during the rest of the evening. It was difficult to socialize but I did the best I could. I was further upset when I saw the two guys go up to Lei and start talking to her. The one friend introduced his buddy to her. Lei didn't look like she wanted to talk to them and cut the conversation short. I made the best of the picnic and was pretty quiet with Lei the rest of the night. She asked me if something was wrong and I told her I wasn't feeling well, that I must have ate and drank too much but she knew I was upset.

I didn't sleep well that night as I couldn't get the thought of how Lei had lied to me and how many guys she had been with before me. I was hurt and angry. It was eating away at me. The next morning Lei asked me how I felt and I told her I wasn't doing well and that I had to ask her about something.

"What's that Chan? Is everything OK?"

"Well, Lei, I overheard a conversation yesterday at the picnic. Two guys were talking about you."

She looked concerned and replied, "Oh really, what did they say?"

"One guy was talking to another and was telling him how he knew you in college." She tried to hide her concern but it was written all over her face. "He said you were quite the party girl."

Lei responded, "I had some good times, maybe drank a little too much like most kids in college. Did they say anything else?"

"Yes they did. They said you had sex with most, if not all, of the guys in a fraternity. It sounded like you had sex with a few of them at a time. I didn't want to believe it but I saw them talking to you afterwards."

My girlfriend stared at me for a few moments, not know what to say. Then tears began to well up in her eyes before one drop rolled down her cheek. Her lower lip began to quiver. I felt sick to my stomach, almost anticipating what she was about to tell me. 

"I'm so sorry Chan. I didn't want anyone to know what I was like in college. I wanted to forget those days. I'm not proud of what happened. I'm not like that anymore. I didn't want to hurt you so I lied to you. Please Chan, can you find it in your heart to forgive me?'

I felt like I had been run over by a truck. I was shocked to think that the woman of my dreams was in fact an ex-slut. I had to know, "How many guys did you fuck and suck?"

She looked at me, pausing for a few moments, "I don't know maybe 10."

"It sounded like more than that Lei."

"Ok, maybe 20 or so?"

I could tell she still didn't want to hurt me further but I wanted the truth, "Tell me honestly Lei. I need you to be honest with me."

The girl I thought I was going to marry looked deep into my eyes and responded, "Well Chan, it was probably closer to 30. I don't know the exact number." She burst into tears knowing she had hurt me deeply.

I felt like she just stabbed me right through the heart. There was a huge difference between 2 and 30 or more. I was so hurt, maybe I shouldn't have made her tell me. I needed time to think. I was confused and heartbroken. I left our apartment to be alone with my thoughts. Lei was crying when I left, afraid this was the end of our relationship. I guess I was wondering if this was the end also.

I drove around aimlessly for a while before I decided to stop by Gene's place. I needed to talk to someone and I knew I could trust him to keep our conversation confidential. I told Gene everything over a couple of beers. I had never told anyone such details of our sex life past or present. He could tell I was upset and told me that if I really loved Lei, then her past shouldn't matter. It was the present and future that was the most important thing. I needed to forget the past and forgive her. But there was one thing that still bothered me that I just couldn't wrap my head around. Gene asked me what was still bothering me.

"The strange thing is that when I think about Lei with all those other guys, it kind of turns me on too."

He looked at me confused, "What? You get turned on thinking of your girlfriend being a slut?"

"Yeah. It's the strangest thing. I like the thought of her fucking other guys. Part of me wants to see her with several guys."

"Wait a minute. You want to see Lei get gangbanged? Are you serious?"

"I know its weird Gene, but, I think I'd like her to do it again but this time, with me being there too. I don't know how to tell her. I don't know if I want to tell her. I was upset at first, but the more I thought about it, the more excited I get."

Gene then gave more advice, "I've got two things to tell you. First, you and Lei have to have a heart to heart talk and lay it all on the line. Don't hold back so you can clear the air. Second, if you want a few guys to fuck your girlfriend, you better include me. Lei is hot and I'd love to fuck her. I'd gladly do it to help out a friend" 

That last statement made me laugh but I knew he was serious. I thanked him for listening to me, swore him to secrecy again, finished my beer and left to talk to Lei. When I got home, I could tell Lei had been crying for a long time. Her eyes were bloodshot and she looked emotionally drained. When I told her we needed to talk, she looked frightened but I told her everything would be fine so she relaxed a little but was still anxious to hear what I had to say.

I told her I spent a couple of hours with Gene, seeking his advice and felt much better. Lei wasn't too pleased that I told Gene everything but she was happy that he convinced me that I needed to forgive and forget. She was visibly surprised when I asked her if she liked what she had done in college because apparently she had been active with a number of guys over a long period of time. 

My girlfriend then confided that while she did enjoy her sexual escapades, she realized after graduation that the guys in the frat were never going to want to be in a long term relationship with her. Some of them used her for a blow job or to fuck her and brag about it later. She had her fun but knew she had to settle down if she was ever going to find a boyfriend whom she truly loved, such as me. She was afraid that if I found out, that I would leave her, so she never, ever wanted me to find out. She was kind of relieved that she didn't have to hide her past anymore.

I told Lei, "I understand but I need to know something."

"What's that?"

"How many guys did you have sex with at once? What is the most?"

She looked at me and asked, "Are you sure you want to know?" I nodded. She took a deep breath and said, "Well, I might as well tell you everything then; seven." She then looked down at the floor, ashamed of her admission.

I was more than surprised at such a high number and told her, "I have a confession also Lei."

"You have a confession. What is that?" 

"I've thought long and hard about this and it's difficult for me to admit, even to myself, but I find it exciting that you had sex with all those guys."

She looked at me, obviously confused. "What do you mean you find it exciting?"

"I mean it makes me hard thinking of you having sex with several guys in one night. What would you say if I told you I want you to do it again?"

Lei was caught off guard by my question, "Um, I don't know. I haven't done it in a long time. Do you really want me to fuck other men?" She stared at me with a look of disbelief.

"Yes Lei. The thought has been driving me wild. I thought if you enjoyed it and I find it exciting, then why not have a little fun together?" 

Now it was me that was anxious. What if she thought I was perverted? What if she wanted to break up with me for suggesting it? She didn't say a word and I got scared.

After a few moments of thinking it over, she finally broke her silence, "If I agree to do this, who would you like me to have sex with?"

My heart was racing, "I was thinking that we could ask Gene to join us. If it works out with him, then maybe, we could have some fun with more guys."

"Can I be real honest with you Chan?"

"Of course you can. I think we have been pretty open with each other already."

"I really miss my wild college days at times and have been wanting to have some fun but was too afraid of losing you. I'm 32 now, getting a little older, and I want to have some more fun while I still have 'it.' I'll do this if you really want me too but I don't want to jeopardize our relationship."

"Lei, I think I will love you even more and don't worry, you still have 'it'. I see guys checking you out and talking about your hot body all the time. Gene is always telling me how hot you are."

That night, we had the best makeup sex ever. Lei told me one of her frat party adventures. She never planned for anything to happen but she wore a really short, pleated skirt and white blouse with a lace bra on underneath which drew the attention of the horny, college frat guys. A few of the guys danced with her and she made sure to shake her ass which made her pleated dress sway back and forth across her butt and sometimes she would twirl to make it rise enough to show her bare ass cheeks and thong. The guys would try to grope her as she danced with them, which made her hot. 

She was especially attracted to one of the guys and the more they drank, the more dirty their dancing became to the point that they were dry humping each other in front of the crowd. He started to openly grope her as they both got hotter. He was lifting the back of her skirt, revealing her ass to the crowd. Finding no resistance, he started fondling her breasts. She was so horny by then, when he invited her to his room, she was more than willing. They eventually ended up in his room where she sucked his dick and started fucking him. While he was fucking her a couple of his frat brothers entered the room and began to watch which turned her on even more. 

When she didn't object, they began to undress and stuck their cocks in her face. She alternated sucking on each one while getting fucked from behind by the first guy. After he came in her pussy, one of the guys quickly replaced him without even asking but she never stopped him either. I was a little shocked when she told me the other guy came in her mouth because she never let me do that but it turned me on anyway. She fucked these three guys multiple times in addition to one more that night. She felt guilty the next day by acting like such a whore the night before but she felt guilty mostly because she liked it.

Hearing her story made me cum more than I had in a long time. I don't know why it made me so hot but I loved hearing all the juicy details of the first time she acted like a slut. The thought of her sucking and fucking four cocks multiple times in one night felt like a drug that made me high. I got so much pleasure from it, I had to fuck her again before we went to bed. I kept imagining other guys sucking on her tits, fingering her pussy, stuffing their cocks in her mouth and taking turns fucking her.

Word spread through the frat and she became a popular date with each one ending up with her giving the guy a blow job or fucking him. She would always get invited to one of their parties and ended up fucking a few guys each time. By the time the semester ended, she had a reputation of being an easy lay and a slut. Things changed once she had to get a job and she knew she couldn't continue her partying ways. I think Lei was also telling me these things to make sure I could handle watching her fuck Gene. My reaction must have given her the assurance that I was serious about her experimenting sexually with my friend.

The next morning we agreed that we would invite Gene over next Saturday night with the full knowledge that he would get to fuck my girlfriend. I would talk to him during the week and set it up. My best friend didn't believe me at first. He told me he fantasized about seeing Lei naked and fucking her since we started dating. He told me he was more than willing to join us and thanked me for asking him. I felt a little weird asking him to fuck Lei. It isn't a normal conversation to have with another guy. As difficult as it was for me to admit to myself that I actually wanted my girlfriend to screw another guy, the more I thought about it, the more excited I got.

I was so anxious all week waiting for Saturday to arrive. Time seemed to go so slowly. I felt like a child waiting for Christmas day. On Saturday, I was almost too nervous to eat. Lei suggested that when Gene arrived, we should have a few drinks and relax a little, then she would change into something sexy. She wouldn't tell me what her plan was; it was going to be a surprise. It sounded like a good idea to me. It's not like I've had experience planning this sort of thing.

Lei was in our bedroom getting dressed when Gene arrived. My heart was racing when I heard him knock on the door. I couldn't believe this was really going to happen. We both felt a little awkward, silently anticipating the events that were about to unfold. We were friends for a long time but this was certainly out of the ordinary. I grabbed a couple of beers and we sat down on the sofa in the living room while waiting for Lei. I heard the bedroom door open and heels clicking on the hardwood floors. She was wearing a jean mini skirt, a black, open shoulder crop top and heels, her full breasts bouncing freely underneath her top. She looked so sexy showing her bare shoulders, stomach and legs. It left us wanting to see more. Gene stood up to greet her and gave her the once over with his eyes and told her how lovely she looked. My girlfriend gave him a quick hug and peck on the cheek while I went to get her a glass of wine.
