 This is a follow up to: A Losing Hand in the End



After I told my girlfriend Noreen about my encounter with Ben it's hard to say who was more excited at the prospect of the three of us getting together her or me. We were sitting on the couch at the time and Noreen said, "Oh Russell you go all Bi without me there to enjoy the show. Not very considerate of you"

Then she stood, took me by the hand, up pulled me to my feet, hugged me as tightly as I had ever been hugged and said, "But you will be forgiven if you'll let me have some of this Ben for myself. You can't keep a young stud like that all to yourself, the three of us can have one hell of a time."

I assured Noreen that Ben was very interested in that happening and we just needed to set a date. I could tell that news made Noreen positively giddy because she tightened her grip on me and actually lifted me off the floor for a second saying, "You are THE MAN Russell and I am so happy you are MY MAN. Now to the bedroom because I am going to fuck you silly."

Which took the next few hours. 

Noreen and I met more than a year ago when I was working at a Pizza place and she came in on a slow night. We were talking and with my attraction to big women it was a quick match. To say the least we hit it off well and ended up sleeping together that first night. 

Part of what made me open to make it with Ben was several times Noreen and I had threesomes with other women. The first was with her college roommate who is a beautiful if short round woman 5-3 tall and 190 pounds. And I thought, if she can go both ways and include me I should be willing to consider doing the same for her. 

While I'm 25 years old 6-3 tall and 245 pounds Noreen is 36 years old, with long wavy black hair, 6-2 tall and weighs in at 265 pounds. Noreen has broad shoulders and nice big tits but her greatest feature has got to be her huge pear shaped ass. With her height she's an imposing woman but wearing sweat pants especially, from behind to see how her hips spread out from her waist to form that big wide round ass, damn she's an awesome sight to behold. And when she's on all fours, and I'm lined up there to fuck her, she presents a mind blowing task but one it's a pleasure to take on. 

I had told Ben that Noreen was a big girl and he said he was interested but with Ben being a toned athletic blonde 21 year old guy 5-11 tall and 180 pounds I wasn't sure if he would find Noreen to be a little intimidating. 

But Ben showed up at Noreen's place and upon seeing her at the door put his arms around her waist and hugged her as tight as he could with his head resting on her breasts and said, "Oh Noreen, Russell said you were big and beautiful but he understated both counts. I can only hope I can handle such a big sweet couple."

Noreen put her arms around Ben and grabbed his ass with both hands and said, "You are a lovely young man Ben and from what I've heard I have no doubt we'll all have a fabulous time." 

Well with the introductions out of the way Noreen asked Ben, "So do you need some seduction or can we get you out of these jeans and into my pants where you belong?"

Ben laughed and running his hands around the waistband of Noreen's sweatpants replied, "Let's all get these clothes in a pile on the floor and start the bed making some noise."

Letting my pants fall to the floor I gave Noreen's ass a slap and said, "That's the plan so let's go."

And we proceeded to strip on the way to the bedroom. I knew what Noreen had on her mind so I let her direct the opening round. Sitting down on the floor next to the bed she had Ben stand in front of her. Big Ben was already getting stiff as Noreen held it and Ben's balls in her hands. 

She then had me stand on the bed behind her which had my semi hard dick pointing at Ben's smiling face. Noreen took the head of Ben's cock in her mouth as Ben did the same for me and the festivities were underway.

As Ben skillfully sucked me off I could look down past his head to see Noreen going to town on his 12 inch cock. She was quickly working six inches between her lips, bobbing her head back and forth. I knew Ben was happy on both ends because I know from experience Noreen gives great head. 

Despite the considerable distraction he had below Ben was doing a magnificent job taking almost the length of my nine inches between his lips. I thought it would be rude to grab his head and fuck his face without asking so I ran my fingers through his thick blonde hair and we both found that very pleasing. 

Down below Noreen was finding her stride being able to swallow a good nine inches of Big Ben while stroking the backs of Ben's thighs. She was showing her stuff that's for sure and I had little doubt she would impress Ben by being able to take in every bit of Big Ben. 

But I guess in the interest of pacing herself Noreen stopped, slapped Ben on his firm little ass and said, "OK boys that will do for the warm up let's shift around and move to something else."

Ben seemed a little disappointed when he looked up at me but I patted him on the head and said, "Fear not, we've got plenty of time to get it all and you'll get it all."

He smiled and jiggling my balls said, "Yeah I guess I can get back to these in due time."

Ben then stepped back and taking Noreen by the hand planted his feet to pull with everything he had to get her to her feet. And he barely had enough. 

I'm sure Ben was up for what came next I just don't know how he would be doing when it was over. Ben layed down in the center of the bed on his back and Noreen climbed up straddling his chest. Ben was smiling as he rubbed Noreen's thick thighs but that was the last I saw of his face as Noreen slid forward and with her thighs flanking Ben's head planted her pussy on his smiling lips. 

As Noreen enjoyed her face ride I moved down to take my shot at sucking on Big Ben. Having had the experience of Ben's foot long before I knew I could only manage so much of it but it was fun to try. Holding the shaft in my hand I licked the big head all around like a lollipop before adjusting my jaw and taking it in my mouth. 

With Noreen planting him firmly into the mattress Ben wasn't moving his body much so I was able to get in a good position to work up and down and take a little more of his thick dick between my lips with every motion. I got about four inches and was able to get some good suction and the thought crossed my mind that maybe someday I'd get good enough at sucking cock that I could swallow this monster.

Meanwhile I could tell even buried under Noreen Ben was getting the job done because I could hear the familiar moans and feel the motion of my big girlfriend getting off. I reached over to stroke Noreen's hip just to let her know she was on my mind. Even if Ben's big dick was my focus. 

I felt Noreen move towards me and rest on Ben's flat stomach so I let the six inches of his dick I had in my mouth slip out and turned to look at Noreen who looked over her shoulder at me, "Oh Russell would you be a dear and roll a condom on that flag pole. Ben is quite muff muncher, I'm good and wet and ready to mount that baby." 

Down where I was I rubbed one of Noreen's big butt cheeks and kissed the other before replying, "Of course dear, if you think you're ready you've got a tall order here."

"That's a challenge I'm ready for Russell. Slip it on cause I'm gonna show this sweet young man what a big girl can do when she's got a big toy to play with" answered Noreen.

As I reached for the condoms on the nightstand I saw Ben and his face was beet red. I moved next to his face and seeing he was breathing asked, "Are you OK there Ben?"

He was a little out of breath but answered, "I'll be fine, fuck that's a lot of woman to be under. Never done anything quite like that before. Could I get some water?" 

"Just a second" I answered before returning to put that condom on him.

As Noreen got herself in position I got a cup of water for Ben. He tilted his head to take the water and I said, "You survived your first journey into the Thunder Cave, you're a good man." 

He looked at me with a puzzled look so I explained, "In that position with her Thunder Thighs on either side of your head it's like being in a cave, all you can do is lick your way out."

Ben laughed and poured the remainder of the water on his face which was getting back to normal. He said, "That's a new one on me, I'll have to OOOOOOhhhhh god."

I turned to see that Noreen had made her move and lowered herself down taking four inches of Big Ben into her sweet snatch and getting started on taking it all. Noreen began slowly working more of Ben's cock into her, smiling with her eyes closed. I gave Ben a kiss and moved around to get behind Noreen and began massaging her shoulders, back and hips. 

As she took in more of Ben's cock I reached around to squeeze Noreen's fat jugs. She was feeling it, easing herself down a little bit at a time, and it was sweet as Noreen leaned back against me and took in more of Ben's big dick. I had one hand playing with her clit and the other squeezing her tits as I held my shoulder against her back to help Noreen stay upright.

Finally she sighed and sank all the way down to engulf all twelve inches. She then started rocking and grinding in my arms on top of Ben, her pussy stuffed and said, "Fuck this is an awesome feeling Ben you've got a real pussy pleaser here. Russell I hope you're hard because when I'm done with this one I'm so fucking hot I'm going to need you to jump right on and fuck me." 

I gave Noreen's tits a squeeze with both hands and replied, "Don't worry Hon I'll be right there when you're ready." 

Ben gave out a low groan as he came and Noreen just stayed on top of him as his cock slowly went soft. Noreen got up on her knees and eased forward so her tits were hanging in Ben's face and he didn't need any coaxing to take them in his hands and start sucking on them. She then looked over her shoulder at me, slapped her fat butt and said, "OK Russell hit it hard." 

I had already rolled a condom on and was balancing myself with one hand on Noreen's big butt more than ready to stick it to her from behind. I easily slipped my cock into Noreen's wet and ready pussy and taking a good grip on a hip with each hand got right to banging her. 

It didn't take long before I was slamming my belly against Noreen's big butt which was a treat for both of us. Being a big guy there's nothing like having a big woman who wants to really get fucked hard. Being able to really pump your dick hard into a woman who not only can take it but wants you to really pound her hard is incredible. 

Noreen was really hot so I did something that she just loves. I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. I'm not sure why she gets off on that but she does and as I continued for fuck her hard she said, "Oh yeah cowboy, that's it, grab the mane and ride the big mare. Just make sure you hold on so you don't get thrown when the big girl bucks."

Well I know from experience to hold onto Noreen, got thrown off doing this one of the first times. After a few more minutes I was ready to cum so I kept a good grip of her hair and put my other arm around Noreen's waist and held her as I shot my load.

I pulled out and let go of Noreen. She plopped down on top of Ben for a second then rolled onto her back taking Ben with and holding him on top of her.

Noreen kissed Ben and said, "Well if you boys wouldn't mind, Russell I would really like to have Ben give it to you up the ass. I heard about it and now that's a show I'd really love to see."

Of course I was up for that, this was a day I was ready to let Noreen receive all the attention but the chance to take Big Ben again was always on my mind. "I'm game to be a part of that performance, Ben?"

Ben smiled and rubbed my ass replying, "Who would say no to getting to ride your big butt again Russell. I'm always in the mood for some big man ass."

Noreen clapped her hands and yelled, "Fandamtastic, OK Russell on your knees, I'll give Ben some help getting it up and we'll get the show started." 

Ben was already getting hard as Noreen began to give him help with both hands and he reached over to grease my ass up. That combination had Big Ben at the ready quickly and my breathing quickened with anticipation. 

I saw Noreen rolling a condom on Ben's dick and tried to relax knowing what was coming. Ben was behind me and tapped his stiff dick on my ass saying, "It's time Russell, take a deep breath and we'll give Noreen a show."

I nodded but barely got that breath before Ben poked the head of his cock into my well greased ass. There was a moment of pain then all was well as Ben began to slowly work his dick into me. Noreen was kneeling next to us rubbing my back with words of encouragement to both of us. 

Noreen kissed the back of my neck and said softly to me, "Russell I am shocked, amazed and so impressed that you can take that monster cock up your sweet ass. I'm so glad you're my man."

The memory of our first encounter was still fresh in my mind and again Ben was so good, not pushing in too deep or too quickly so we both enjoyed the experience. And damn as Big Ben filled my ass deeper with each stroke I was really fucking enjoying myself. 

I knew my ass was stuffed but I couldn't tell with how much of Big Ben until I felt Ben's balls slapping against mine and I knew once again I had taken every bit of his foot long in my ass. I've got to say even though Ben's big dick ids the only one I've had buried in my ass it is one fantastic feeling. 

That's when I noticed Noreen had retrieved and put on her 10 inch strap on. She returned to the bed and rubbing Ben's back said, "You are awesome on the back end Ben, how do you do when you're in front of the action? Ever had a big girl give it to you?"

"I like being in front just fine Noreen. I've had girls do me but never a big girl. Can you do it big time?" answered Ben as he continued to pump the length of his big dick in my ass.

"Well you're in for a treat Ben." Said Noreen, "I'm going to give it to you the big girl way, bang you're tight little ass and make you love it."

I believe the thought of getting it up the ass from Noreen was all Ben could take because he soon pushed in all the way and held me tightly before shooting his load. Ben rubbed my shoulders and as he slowly pulled out he said, "I hope you enjoyed that Russell because I sure did."

Noreen spoke before I could get my wits about me, "That is the first time I've had the pleasure of seeing a good old fashioned boy butt fuck but I sure don't want this to be the last time. Damn Ben you're one hell of a butt banger and Russell, took it all big guy. Wow that's some serious man ass."

I rolled onto my side and said, "I hope it looked good because damn it felt spectacular."

"Well here comes something else special boys." said Noreen as she was lubing up Ben's butt kneeling in front of her on all fours on the bed

Noreen was quickly probing two fingers in Ben's butt when he turned and said, "I think I'm good to go Noreen."

Tapping her strap on against his butt with her right hand she replied, "Well I've got the goods this time Ben." rubbing Ben's ass wither left hand adding, "This pumpkin feels ripe so let's get to it."

Ben gave out a sigh as Noreen pushed the big head of her strap on into his ass. I was sitting next to Ben rubbing his shoulders as Noreen gently pushed forward. He had his eyes closed but a very satisfied look on his face.

I could feel Ben's body tense up some each time Noreen pushed a little more of the dildo into his ass and then he would rock back slightly as she pulled back. This kept up as Noreen worked more of those 10 inches into Ben's ass. Finally Noreen's belly slapped against Ben's butt sounding out that she had bottomed out up his ass.

Noreen had a good hold on Ben's hips and was pumping every one of those ten inches in his ass and it was no surprise that Ben was loving it. I moved around behind Noreen and hugged her around the waist with one hand and took a fat tit in the other. I just held on letting her motion move me as I kissed her neck and shoulders.

We stayed like this for quite a while until Noreen pushed all the way in and held Ben around the waist with her right arm and was playing with his balls with her left hand. Ben you are one awesome boy toy to have around. I owe Russell big time for this."

Then she pulled back removing her strap on from Ben's ass. He just eased forward flat on his stomach as Noreen straightened up in front of me. I hugged her tightly and said, "That was good wasn't it?"

She turned her head and said, "Infuckingcredible Russell, now give me a hand getting out of this contraption. Boy I'm drained. Banging man ass really wears a body out." She said.

Ben took a deep breath and replied, "Don't I know it, taking a lot in on this end takes a lot out of you too." 

We all laughed at that and Noreen laid down saying, "Come on and snuggle up boys. I need a rest after that dose of you two young bucks. You're wearing me out." She paused then said, "But I'll be back for more." We all came together in a three way hug, Ben and I on nuzzled on either side of Noreen and settled in for a brief nap. 

An hour and a half later we all awoke, my hand met Ben's at Noreen's pussy and we knew we were ready to get going. Noreen was as ready as Ben and I grabbing both of out asses and saying, "That's it boys, heat up that honey pot, I'm rested and ready for more."

Ben swung around kneeling next to Noreen and went down on her while she reached out to get her left hand on his cock. Then holding my balls in her right then she said, "Bring that sweet meat up here so I can suck on it."

Noreen was enjoying Ben's efforts licking her pussy and I was certainly enjoying her cock sucking talents as I played with her fat jugs tweaking her nipples. I leaned down close to Noreen's face and said softly, "Two stiff dicks I think you need to double your pleasure."

Noreen pulled back letting my dick slip from between her lips and said, "Oh Russell you read my mind. Now let's get going on that." She then turned to Ben and said, "Ben it's time for you to take on a mighty mission. We're gonna see if you're man enough to take on my big ass."

Ben lifted his head and rubbed Noreen's pussy answering, "It's a big job but when there's ass to fuck I'm always ready for a challenge. And the bigger the better." 

As Noreen rolled onto her stomach and spread her legs Ben grabbed the lube and began working on lubricating her ass in preparation for Big Ben. After getting two condoms I took Ben's stiff dick in my hand to make sure he was good and hard. 

With two of his skilled fingers working into Noreen's butthole and his cock stiff in my hand Ben nodded at me and I rolled a condom on him. After getting my own on we helped Noreen up onto her knees and I positioned myself on my back in front of her.

Noreen straddled my hips and lowered her wet pussy onto my dick. Once she was settled Noreen turned to looked at Ben who was lined up right behind her and said, "OK Ben I'm ready to take everything the two of you can dish out, so stick it to me."

I reached around to spread Noreen's butt cheeks and she grunted loudly as Ben poked the head of his cock in her greased up ass. Noreen was slowly going up and down on me and Ben was matching her motions. Even being on the bottom of the action this was fucking sweet.

After working inch by inch Noreen sank down taking the full length of my nine inches in her pussy at the same Ben bottomed out Big Ben in her back door. Noreen had her eyes closed and looked to be in ecstasy with cock stuffed in her on both ends.

That's when Ben leaned down on her back and whispered in Noreen's ear, "You took it all now are you up for really getting your big butt pounded?"
