 The next morning, I made Lei breakfast in bed. Our conversation naturally turned to what had happened the previous night. She wanted to know if I had any second thoughts about her sleeping with Gene. I told her I had none at all. It was the most exciting sexual experience I have ever had and I said I wouldn't mind if it happened again. She was relieved that I didn't regret sharing her and she told me she enjoyed herself too. She said she realized back in college that having wild sexual adventures was a way for her to release tension and stress. In her final semester at school, she was under a lot of pressure to do well and graduate with high honors in order to start a career. After her frat party experiences, she was more relaxed and able to handle the stress better. Last night reminded her of that. It wasn't something that she wanted to do on a regular basis but was open to doing it again if I wanted.

I told her, "I most certainly would love to do it again. I had an awesome time. I knew last night that I didn't want it to be a one-time experience."

She responded, "We'll figure out when the time is right to do it again."

She then sheepishly asked, "How would you feel about inviting more guys next time?"

My first thought was it wasn't a question of if she would do it again but how many guys, assuming there would be more than one more. I asked, "How many were you thinking?"

"Oh, I don't know, maybe two or three more."

Lei caught me off guard but it was clear she wanted to relive some of her frat party slut days. I responded, "Let me know when you want to do it and I'll talk with Gene."

I knew it wasn't going to happen any time soon as we were both busy with work and other obligations on the weekends but the thought of seeing Lei with a group of guys got me thinking of her in college being fucked by multiple guys. The more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea of witnessing her in action.

Over the ensuing weeks, I took the opportunity to have Lei give me the details of some of her college partying ways. She really was a slut. She admitted to have been the star attraction several times at the frat parties. At the time, she didn't want to admit she looked forward to being a frat whore. She would promise herself she wasn't going to let it happen again but time and time again she found herself naked fucking and sucking several guys in one night. She lost some friends over her wicked ways when they found out she had screwed their boyfriends.

After telling me about a particular party and what the guys did to her, Lei and I always had a wild sexual time ourselves. Apparently, she had some ground rules such as limiting the number of guys she would screw in one evening. She had tried anal but wasn't fond of it although sometimes things got out of control and she let it happen. She had tried double penetration a couple of times at the request of the frat guys but wasn't comfortable with it. She was relieved that she didn't have to keep her past a secret from me anymore and it turned us both on when she retold the stories.

I did ask her if she would try anal sex with me, seeing she wasn't a virgin. I could tell she wanted to say "no" but agreed to try it with me anyway. I was so excited because even though Lei's ass had been penetrated by someone else before me, I had never had anal sex with her or anyone else before. I've heard my friends talk about it but I was still a virgin in that respect. I got some advice from reading articles on the Internet about the best ways to make anal sex enjoyable. I didn't want Lei to be in pain or to be uncomfortable. I knew she didn't really want to do it but was doing it to please me.

The first time we did it anally went better than I had hoped. Things started by Lei and I in a sensuous sixty nine with her straddling my head, just like she did with my friend Gene. I was licking her pussy but her anus was right there in my face too. I didn't know how she would react but I took a chance and let my tongue swipe across her asshole. She didn't stop me so I did it again for a little longer. Facing no objections, I begin to lick her back hole and even stuck my tongue in a little ways. I read this was a good way to get her to relax with anal play and it seemed to work. She told me later that she even liked it. I would alternately lick her pussy then move up to her anus again.

When I screwed her, I wanted her in the doggie style position so I could play with her ass at the same time. I waited a little bit before I started to play with her asshole with my finger. I teased it from the outside and stuck my thumb in just a little after I got it wet with my saliva. When I thought she was ready, I took some lube and put it on my index finger and began to finger fuck her butt. I kept taking it out to put more lube on to help prepare her for later. Once she was comfortable with one finger, I lubed up my middle finger too.

I then asked her, "Are you ready?"

"I guess so."

I took a moment to look at the gorgeous, round ass in front of me, bent over waiting for my penetration. I put more lube on her asshole, then put a generous amount on my dick before putting it against her upraised butt. I spread her cheeks wide and began to press forward while holding my dick in place. I tried as best I could to be gentle but as I began to press myself forward, I found I wasn't going in as easily as I thought it would so I pushed harder and about two inches of my dick forced its way into Lei's ass.

She immediately told me, "Ohhh, go slow. Take it easy."

"I'm sorry. I'll try to go slower."

My dick was now in my girlfriend's butt for the first time. My anal virginity was now gone. I pushed in more slowly now, being sure to wait for any reactions from Lei. Hearing none, I pushed more. When I was a little more than halfway in, I started to rock back and forth, even taking time to put more lube on my shaft before I pushed in again. It seemed to be working without hurting Lei so I began to thrust in and out, pushing more of my 7" dick into her ass each time until finally my entire cock was buried in my girlfriend's ass for the first time. I continued slow movements until I was sure she wasn't in pain before I began to thrust faster. My hands were holding her meaty ass when I started all out fucking it. Her ass felt much tighter than her pussy; I was in ecstasy.

As Lei relaxed, she seemed to begin to enjoy it herself, which made it more pleasurable for me. I've been dreaming about fucking her ass since I first met her and now my dream was coming true. She was literally a "piece of ass" now. As she began to enjoy it more, I felt her squeezing her ass tighter around my dick when I would pull back, then release when I plunged in deep. I held off as long as I could, but fucking Lei's ass was so pleasurable, I had to finally release my sperm into her.

Some of my sperm leaked out of my dick, then I lunged forward and released a full wad deep into her bowels. I continued short, deep thrusts releasing more and more cum each time until I lunged one last time, feeling my cock pulse a few times until my balls were drained. We both collapsed onto the bed, my dick still in her ass. After catching my breath, I pulled out of her ass and watched as some of my cum leaked out, witnessing my first anal cream pie.

After Lei cleaned up, she told me it went better than she thought it would and didn't have any pain at all. I was excited because that increased my chances of her doing it again. She told me she really liked having me lick her asshole. Once she got over the surprise of feeling my tongue there, she realized how good it felt. That made me feel good seeing I had no experience with anal sex. Thank goodness for the Internet.

It had been a couple of months since our threesome with Gene when Lei and I had a conversation over dinner one evening. She told me, "Have you talked with Gene lately?"

"Yeah, I talk or text him every few days. Why are you asking?"

"Sometimes guys can be so thick headed."

Then it finally hit me, "Ohhhhh. We've talked in general about, you know, the next time, but nothing specific. Are you saying you want us to arrange something?"

She responded, "Well, it's up to you, but I'd be open to something if you are."

"Heck yeah. I'd do it again. You said you'd be willing to invite more guys too. How many are we talking about?"

"With you and Gene, maybe two or three more. If you think that is too many, I understand."

"No baby, I think that would be awesome. I'll set it up. Do you have an idea of who you want to invite?"

My heart skipped a beat when Lei said, "No, it doesn't matter. A slut will fuck anyone and I want to be a true slut that night."

I smiled and said, "Ok, I'll take care of it."

Holy shit, I was about to set up my girlfriend for an all-out gang bang. Not many guys would find that exciting but damn, I thought it would be fantastic to see Lei being a full-fledged whore. After hearing some of her stories of her college days, I really wanted to see her in action for myself. Now it was a matter of setting it up, so I called Gene to meet me for a couple of beers.

Gene knew of Lei's past but it still wasn't easy to bring up the subject of setting up a gang bang for us. After a couple of beers, I finally broke the ice, "There's a reason I wanted to have a couple of beers with you tonight."

He said, "I was hoping it was because you wanted to invite me to fuck Lei again. Last time was awesome."

"Well, that's part of it."

"Part of it?"

"Uh, yeah, there's more."

"What's that Chan?"

"Well, she, um, we want to have more than you there."

He responded, "Really, who else?"

"It doesn't matter who but we were thinking, maybe two or three more guys." I felt really weird telling him that even though he was my best friend.

"Really? So you want me to arrange it?"

"Yes, if you don't mind. It doesn't matter who you invite. I find it difficult even talking to you about this so there is no way I can ask other guys if they want to fuck my girlfriend."

Gene grinned, "I'll call a couple of guys and let you know. I'm thinking, maybe a week from Saturday."

"Sounds good to me. Just let me know."

When I got home, I told Lei and she was excited and needed reassurance, "Are you sure you're OK with this? We don't have to do this."

"Lei, I'm more than Ok with this. If I wasn't, I wouldn't have asked Gene to set it up."

We had a great session in bed that night anticipating what was going to happen in about 10 days. I was counting down the days and time seemed to go by so slowly. Gene called me the Sunday before to tell me he found a couple of guys to join us. I told him I didn't want to know who they were; Lei and I wanted to be surprised.

A few days later, Lei told me she had a request of me. In college, she was in denial of her sexual urges but had a fantasy that she wanted to live out. It wasn't that bad but still wanted to try it. I was naturally curious and wanted more details.

"I've never acknowledged my desires to be a whore for a group of guys before. I suppressed and denied it. I want Gene to present me to the guys as their sexual slave, there to fulfill their sexual desires. I want him to openly give me to them as their slut for the evening. I guess I have a submissive side. I want them to call me dirty names too. I want them to call me their slut or whore."

"Lei, that is so hot. I can't wait for next Saturday."

She then told me, "I have an outfit in mind that I can wear next Saturday but I want it to be a surprise."

Waiting for next Saturday was torture. I'm an impatient person and the wait was killing me. Lei and I had sex everyday up until Wednesday. She told me she wanted me to have a nice load of cum for her. I kept picturing what outfit she might wear for the guys and what they were going to do to her.

When Saturday came, I could hardly eat all day because I was so excited, anticipating what was going to happen that evening. I hoped I wasn't setting myself up for disappointment. I called Gene to make sure everything was still on and he told me not to worry, that he had three guys that he invited over. They were going to get there by 7:00 PM. He wouldn't tell me who they were.

Lei spent a couple of hours getting ready. She showered and made sure to shave her genital area so it was nice and smooth. She also had her nails professional done and put on a little more makeup than she usually wears. She put on her favorite perfume so she looked and smelled nice.

Gene had a two level apartment with a man cave in the basement. There was a sofa with a pull out bed that we would use in a separate bedroom off the main room. The plan was for Lei and I to arrive before the guys. She could stay upstairs and have a couple of drinks, then when she was ready, Gene would bring her downstairs and present her to his guests.

When we were about to leave, I gave Lei a big hug and kiss and asked if she was sure about doing this. She said she was a little nervous after not having done this in a long time and never having it pre-planned like this but was ready as long as I was. I knew I was anxiously awaiting this evening and told her so. Having reassured each other, we left for the short drive to Gene's apartment. Lei had a small bag with her outfit in it.

When we got to Gene's apartment, I took a deep breath and rang the doorbell. This was really going to happen. He opened the door and gave me a handshake and quick hug and gave Lei a kiss and hug before inviting us in. It was about thirty minutes before the guys were going to arrive so we sat around his living room having a couple of drinks to help us relax.

As the guests started to arrive, Gene led them right downstairs so they didn't see Lei beforehand. The plan was for the guys to have a drink before Lei joined us. She would act as our waitress until things heated up. My girlfriends assured us that once they saw her in the outfit, it wouldn't take long for things to get going. Even though Gene and I kept asking, she wouldn't tell us what she had planned.

I stayed upstairs with Lei until Gene came up and said, "I think it's time to get this party started."

Lei looked at me, took a deep breath and replied, "I guess its show time."

She took a bottle of Tequila and a shot glass and went to get changed. She would text Gene when she was ready for him to come get her. I joined the other guys downstairs with my buddy. I wondered what they thought of me by allowing my girlfriend to be their sex toy for the night but it didn't really matter, we were doing this for ourselves, they were only helping us with our fantasies. .

There were four other guys in the man cave, not three like I was told. John was a work friend of Gene's about 30 years old, average height and weight, some gray beginning to show in his dark hair. Ken, who was a mutual friend of ours, had his eyes on Lei for a long time. He was in his late 20's, a nice build and a good looking guy. Ken brought his younger brother Bill, a good looking kid, a little shy, in his early 20's. Apparently, he just got dumped by his girlfriend and Ken thought he needed something to help him get over the heartbreak. Then there was an older guy, Sam. He looked like he was in his mid to late 40's, a little overweight with the typical dad body. He was a divorced neighbor of Gene's. The guys seemed a little nervous around me, not knowing what they should say or do.

As we were having a drink, waiting for Lei to get ready, I figured I might as well speak up and let the guys know why this was happening. "I wanted to let everyone know that tonight we are helping my girlfriend and I live out a fantasy. I know it sounds strange but let's all relax and have a good time. I just ask that you treat her with respect. If she doesn't want to do something, please respect her wishes and whatever happens tonight stays here, just like Las Vegas. Lei is a very sexual person so please relax and let's all have a good time. One more thing, she loves to be called dirty names during sex, so don't hold back."

That seemed to let some of the tension out of the air and the guys started speaking more freely about what they anticipated. Sam spoke up and said he hadn't gotten laid in a while and was looking forward to tonight. A couple of other guys were looking to party. I assured them they would have a great time tonight. Just then, Gene got a text from Lei saying she was ready.

All of us were anxiously waiting for her to join us. The room went silent when Gene opened the basement door and we heard footsteps coming down the stairs. I think we were all a little disappointed to see Gene and not Lei.

Gene laid out some ground rules, "I know Chan already told you some rules but we have a very special guest tonight and we need to treat her with respect. She sets the limits. The plan is to have Lei serve us some drinks and get to know us a little, then let things take a natural course. She told me we will know when she is ready to take things further. She's a little nervous so let's give her a chance to get to know us and we'll let things progress from there."

He then left the room and came back leading Lei by the hand and said, "Gentlemen, let me present to you the beautiful Lei who is here tonight for your pleasure. She has generously agreed to be our slut for the evening. Chan let me fuck her a couple of months ago, so trust me when I say we are going to have some fun tonight. She is here to be our servant tonight and will start by serving us drinks then we'll see where it leads. "

Sam let out a "hot damn" and John chimed in with "holy shit."

Lei was wearing an outfit that resembled that of a Middle Ages slave girl. She had on a bikini like top, her 34D tits barely covered, showing lots of cleavage and all she had on covering her lower half was a piece of silk material draped down across the front and back of her that came down to her ankles, held together on the sides by a thin string. Her entire leg, thigh and hip were exposed along the sides and you could see a hint of her ass cheeks. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. Her long, dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail. No one said a word. We all simply stared at her. She looked stunning. There was no doubt that she was going to be our sexual slave for the night.

Gene walked her around the room introducing her to the guys. I could see their eyes moving across her body as she greeted each one. I'm sure each guy was doing what I was, trying to see as much behind the material as they could when she moved. You could tell she was a little nervous as she greeted the guys.

After she met each guy, Sam was the first to say something, "Uh, Lei, could you grab me another beer?"

Ken chimed in, "Me too. Thanks."

We all watched as Lei walked over to the fridge, the material covering her ass swaying back and forth as she walked, then highlighting her beautiful, round ass as she bent over to grab the beers from the bottom shelf. She came back and poured each guy their beer, leaning over in front of them, her tits almost falling out of her top. Her outfit was such a tease because we knew she was naked underneath. The guys couldn't see any of her private parts but that didn't keep them from staring at her, hoping to get a peek. The tease of possibly seeing more was what made the costume so tantalizing. It revealed so much of her body but covered her female parts just enough to make it so exciting to watch her move around, that and the fact we all were anticipating being able to fuck her later. There was no dating, no drinks, or convincing her; she was there for one purpose, to get gang banged.

She sat down to join us in a drink, her full nude leg and hip on display as she crossed her legs. Guys would ask her to get them a drink and she would dutifully get up to retrieve a beer as everyone in the room followed her every movement. Sexual tension filled the air but no one wanted to say too much because they didn't want to push Lei to fast. They would compliment her on her good looks and nice body but nothing outrageous. I was so turned on watching my half naked girlfriend tease a roomful of guys. Everyone one of them was lusting for her. She must have been getting hot herself. I was getting anxious for the action to pick up and I'm sure the other guys were also.
