 A loud bang startled me awake. The clock next to the bed glowed 2:24am. Another loud bang and the sound of breaking glass caused me to jump out of the bed. My heart was beating so hard with fright that I could feel it in my ears and in my half sleep state I realized someone was breaking into my home. I bolted for my closet, hoping to hide there, but before I could even make it to the closet door the light to my bedroom popped on. 

Although the bright light temporarily blinded me, I caught a glimpse of a large man in a ski mask. Before I could react he was on me. I flailed about trying to free myself. I screamed, knowing no one would hear, as my closest neighbor was much too far to hear me. The man grabbed me by the hair and called out, "Hey, look what I found." 

Four more men in ski masks came into my bedroom. For a few minutes they were all laughing and pushing me around between them. I was truly terrified. I defiantly tried to push my way out of the circle of men, slapping their hands away, ordering them to leave me alone. Bluffing. Suddenly one man grabbed the front of my nightgown and in one swift move ripped it completely off my body. My ample breasts bouncing as he did so. 

I desperately tried to cover myself without much success as they all stood there ogling me. For several minutes I stood blushing as they looked over every curve. 

"God damn," one of them said. Someone else whistled. 

One of the men behind me was reached around and grasped me under the chin and pulled me hard against him. He towered over me from behind, pulling my head back and planted a hard long kiss on my mouth. One of the men in front of me began fondling my breasts, quickly bringing my large pink nipples to life. 

I struggled in vain to free myself. My petite body little match for the large men surrounding me. Instinct pushed me to run, to struggle. Yet my body was responding, warming, making itself ready for the onslaught to come. 

The masked man behind me decided he was done kissing me and took my long chestnut hair tightly in his hands. I was shoved down to my knees and my head pulled back by my hair, forcing my mouth open. A dick was shoved into my mouth and rammed down my throat, gagging me to the point of almost vomiting. Over and over the hard cock rammed itself down my throat. I could hear them laughing as I struggled to breathe. 

As one man pulled himself out another man shoved himself into my mouth. I closed my eyes in an effort to shut some of the experience out of my mind but it only served to heighten the sensation of hard manhood against my soft lips and mouth. Against my own will my body began to sway in motion with the man thrusting himself into my face. 

I became aware of my legs being pushed apart, my knees scraping on the carpet below. I felt a finger slowly trace down between my ass cheeks and around to my smoothly shaved slit from behind. He began to play with my labia. I tried to pull my legs closed but he yanked them back apart and inserted his fingers into my hole. 

"This bitch is wet" a voice behind me said. "She wants it", one of the other men responded. 

I was yanked up off the floor and thrown onto the bed, bouncing on it like a rag doll. The man who seemed to be their leader and who had been the one holding me earlier, stood at the foot of my bed and slowly undressed, except for the ski mask. I took in his muscular body. He was very well built, and the color of dark chocolate. My eyes lowered to the tent in his pants as he began to unbuckle his belt. I was quickly rewarded with the sight of his overly enormous manhood. 

During this time the other 4 men were standing at both sides of bed and undressing as well. One of them on my right had skin as light as mine and a very pink penis covered in thick blond hair. The other man on my right had pierced nipples and was the color of a worn penny. He had the longest penis I have ever seen and it was rock hard. 

On my left was a darker man with a hairy belly that pooched just a bit. He was not particular well endowed except for his balls. He had huge hanging balls and I could not stop myself from thinking about how nice it would be to have them dangling in my face and slapping me on the ass while he fucked me. The last man was quite a big man, quite tall with big barrel chest covered in thick black hair. 

The leader reached around my legs and pulled me by the hips to the end of the bed. With his warm hands on my inner thighs he forced my legs apart and exposing my center to him. He plopped his enormous member on my slit, bouncing himself against me a few times before slowing pushing himself inside. 

I am a quite small woman and this large man stretched me wide open and filled every fold of my insides as he buried himself into me. The head of his penis pushed hard against my cervix and still he thrust just a little deeper. My breath caught as a mixture of pain and pleasure grabbed at me. 

All 4 men at my sides said aloud, "One". 

The leader slowly, ever so slowly pulled himself completely out of me and bounced his dick on my lower belly again. Showing me the enormity of his cock, now slick with my juices. Then he slowly thrust deep inside me, and when he was fully buried in my body the men at my sides said "Two". 

Again he slowly pulled himself out, bounced on my belly making me look at him and slowly pushed himself back in -- "Three". As he exited my body after the third thrust the room echoed with the slurping noise of my juicing hole. As he bounced his dick on my belly this time I could feel it sticking to my soft skin just slightly, my wetness on him causing it to suction to my skin. 

As the men beside me quietly said "Four" my body tightened around the head pushing hard against the opening to my womb. My nipples were rock hard and I was beginning to shake with need even as resented this onslaught. 

At "Five" I had my hands atop his hands and was pulling my hips up off the bed a little in the attempt to get him in even deeper. My head was swimming as I began to lose the war between my intellect and my body. As he showed me his engorged penis after the fifth thrust I could see a single drop of ooze dripping from the head. 

As he entered me for the sixth time my entire box tightened against him. I could feel my cervix throbbing against his throbbing head as the men beside me said "Six". The seventh thrust caused me to pull my hips completely off the bed to give him deeper access and by eight my hands were reaching to his hips and pulling him into me. 

My hand went to the wet head of the penis bouncing between my legs as he prepared to violate me for the ninth time. He hesitated longer inside me this time and I could feel him growing even bigger. My cervix twitched against him in somewhat painful delight. A tightness gathered higher up in me, in my womb -- spreading downward. My whole body was shaking now as I heard the slurping sound of him pulling out and the sound of deep male voices saying "Nine". 

I was shivering with desperate anticipation looking at him on my belly and as he pushed himself in me. I reached around him and grabbed his buttocks. Every fold of my vagina was filled with him. My womb pushed upward as he penis demanded more room. The tightness inside me exploded as the voices said "Ten". I cried out as the release exploded within me. Overcome with need for more I reached out at both sides to touch the other men. 

"Fuck me," I begged softly. 

Within seconds all 4 men were on me, I had hands and dicks and mouths all over me. Ripping at me, shoving into me without any mercy. The smell of man and the sheer enormity of it overwhelmed me. Never had I had so much at one time. . I was insane with need. There was barely an inch of me that wasn't covered by man. 

I wanted them. I wanted all of them. I wanted man cum in me and on me. I lost control of myself and became nothing but a female in heat. My humanity left me as animal instinct took over. Likewise they were not human to me. Rendered without identity by the ski masks, they were nothing but male animals to me. 

They took turns at my holes for the better part of an hour. Every hole was cum into in every position they could dream up. When they tired of fucking me on my back they put me up on my knees and fucked me vaginally, anally and orally. When they tired of fucking me that way they took turns putting me on top of them and fucking all my holes at the same time, filling every single orifice with penis.

I lost track of how many times I exploded before they were all satisfied. My entire body was covered in man smell and sweat. My holes were raw and my nipples sore from the sheer lust that had exploded out of me. I was exhausted. 

One by one the men satisfied themselves on or in my body and got off the bed. One of them turned off my bedroom light and I fell into the deepest sleep I have ever had. I woke well into the morning. Sore, achy and crusty outside and in, from dried cum and sweat. I managed to stumble into the bathroom and shower, the warm water soothing my achy muscles. 

I dried off in front of the mirror, remembering the pure heat that came from me the night before. I put the towel down and looked at my pink body in the mirror as I smoothed body cream into my skin, lingering a moment at my erotic points, savoring the memory of last night. 

I dressed slowly and then went to the living room. The front door was half open, only the glass broken. A quick check of my home revealed only the spare key missing. I called a repairman and swept up the glass and looked forward to the night when the masked men returned for more.