 I awoke from my half-drunken sleep to the sound of sex, and God, it was a fantastic noise! I could feel the vibrations on the bed as Larissa rode Rain, plus I could hear her moans as she took him balls deep inside her cunt. She looked at me as she saw me rise, gesturing for something, and sure enough, she wanted it in her ass. It was a dream come true, and I had to pinch myself to be sure that I really woke up from my dreams at all. I found the lube and applied it generously to her asshole and my cock before easing into her delightful bottom. Her booty felt terrific on my dick, tight, hot, and velvety as it gripped me and kept me hard.

"Oh ... fuck me, you Yank bastard ... I love it! Take my arse ... take it!" Larissa exclaimed as she worked her hips and ass to draw me further inside her tush.

I could have sworn that I felt the movements of Rain's prick between the narrow barrier of Larissa's taint that separated her stuffed pussy and her equally filled butt. The consistent pace of his strokes and mine inside Larissa made her gasp and shiver, even groan and whimper as I sodomized her roughly from behind. I knew that, despite the name, not all Greek girls were into Greek love, but I was glad that my own personal Greek goddess was. She made it perfectly plain to me that she adored anal sex, especially now with my cock taking her ass while she got fucked by her sissy fiance in the other hole.

Larissa also made out with Rain, but then stopped to give me steamy kisses for a moment while I plowed her back field. Then she resumed her make-out session with him, before starting it up with me again. It was back and forth, her lips on mine, her tongue in my mouth for a bit, and then her doing the same for Rain, of course. She definitely did her part to make us both feel loved and adored now that we were inside her from opposite sides. We could feel her shallow breathing, her chest heaving, all of that, her heart racing as our own hearts did for their part while we plundered her body of its hidden treasures. My hands also fondled her buns while Rain began caressing her tits, which only drove her wilder still.

At last, however, Larissa couldn't hold back from the combination of my thrusts and Rain's inside her at once. She let out a rather loud scream as she lost all self-control and creamed herself on his dick, after which she clenched on his prick and squeezed every last drop of his spunk out of his balls into her twat. He groaned as he spilled his seed inside her pussy, even as I now exploded in her hot, tight ass. I slid out and kissed the back of Larissa's neck while Rain kissed her face and throat. She shivered and creamed herself again.

"Wow, aren't you just the sexiest woman alive? You were quite the trooper there, taking on Rain and I alike. And to think that when you first told me about him, he was just a friend with oral benefits who liked to wear women's clothing now and then," I teased Larissa, who winked at us and licked her lips.

"I think that we should try out the shower, see if three can fit in there, darling," Larissa suggested, taking us both by the hand.

"I have to warn you that I need to piss now," I cautioned Larissa, my new girlfriend who was engaged to another man.

"Me, too!" Rain added.

"So, pee on me and I'll pee on you guys, and then we'll wash it off, okay?" Larissa proposed, something that made sense in the shower at least.

We did that, and then we washed each other, Larissa actually doing it for both of us, just as we did for her. She took every opportunity to draw out and enjoy the experience, too, fondling us and encouraging us to grope her in turn. My new slut girlfriend didn't hesitate for a second to shower us (pun intended) with lots of affection and passion. She kissed and caressed us, stroked us here or there, rubbed her pussy and ass against us, and even licked our faces like a cat or something. It was crowded, it was steamy, and it had both of us coming a lot closer to a second wind, Rain and I alike. I can't help but believe that was intentional on Larissa's part, too. She loved to tease, as she showed at her hostess/waitress job.

"So ... lovers, breakfast? And then ... hopefully, more hot and heavy making out and fucking, or maybe both at the same time," Larissa winked at us.

Before I could answer, though, my cell phone rang. It was a Sunday morning, so what was going on here? I had no work to do on Sundays, liking my R and R too much to let work intrude on my few chances to unwind. The little menage a trois situation with Larissa and Rain, of course, helped me unwind quite a bit, in fact. They were both such terrific lovers, at least in my book.

Well, care to guess who it was? You betcha, it was Jessica.

"Hello, Jess," I answered crisply, not a hint of affection in my rather impatient tone of voice, "What's the matter? Decided to let me get my stuff from my former home, or do I have to get the Sheriff involved?"

"Former home? What do you mean, former home? What's this nonsense about your stuff? You can get it whenever you like. It's your place! And what happened to calling me 'dear' or 'honey' or 'baby,' anyway? Doesn't your wife merit such endearments?" Jess sounded a lot more shocked than she should have done, given that she kicked me out of the house.

"Do you have fucking amnesia or something? You kicked me out of the house, my own motherfucking house that I paid for, and then you expect things to go on normally? Kinda hard to get my stuff when I'm locked out, you stupid bitch! Yes, you've earned that, kicking out of my own home, as if you have sole fucking title to it. Technically, I have sole title to it, given that I bought for us, in my own name, before we married, or did you forget that? I could legally have you tossed out on your ass, but the difference is that I have too much class for that!" I snapped at her, causing some dead air for a moment.

"Wow ... I guessed that you might be a little pissed at me for what I did, but I thought that perhaps, with enough time to cool off, you and I might work things out. I'm still your wife, haven't filed for divorce and never will. I have no intention of leaving you, Stan," Jess tried to smooth my ruffled feathers, so to speak.

"No intention of leaving me? Have you listened to yourself? YOU LOCKED ME OUT! That's leaving me for sure. I am this close to filing for divorce or legal separation myself for you doing that, getting a legal injunction or a Sheriff on my side so that I can home, and then having you evicted or getting a restraining order on your hypocritical ass! How dare you kick me out of my own home for being bi when it's clear that your brother is bi, too! OHHHH! I could so fucking spit nails, I'm so fucking angry with you right now! You broke the law when you locked me out, I hope that you know that. It's all that I can do to keep from having you and your loverboy thrown into jail!" I slammed the phone down as I hung up on Jess, glad for my Otterbox right then.

Sure enough, my cell rang again, and I let it go to voicemail twice before finally picking it up.

"What, did you have some pithy comeback for that, Jess, you hypocritical cunt?" I snarled at my wife, whose voice now sounded much more timid.

"Damn it, Stan, it wasn't supposed to be permanent! Just temporary, so I could consider myself separated ... a trial separation, so that Tim and I could have an affair with a clear conscience! The bit about you being bi was due to that being a breach of our wedding vows that I could use to justify the separation. Once the separation was over, and I've decided that it is, you could come home and we could resume our marriage, as it was basically suspended, but now is back on, okay? It's like Rachel and Ross when they were on a break!" Jessica had the nerve to use a Friends fiasco to justify what she did.

"Are you completely insane? Rachel and Ross are fictional characters from a TV show! They have nothing in common with us! Trial separation? Nobody said anything to me about a separation, trial or otherwise. It sounded pretty damn permanent when you had the locks changed, Jess, and didn't let me back in to get my stuff. In fact, as I recall, Tim met me at the door with my own 12 gauge and threatened to fill me with buckshot if I tried to get into my own home. I could have him arrested for that alone! That's theft, squatting, menacing, brandishing a firearm, reckless endangerment, burglary, and assault with a deadly weapon," I pointed out, drawing a sigh from her.

"Tim did that? Really? Honey, I had no idea! I'm sorry, but I told him to let you in to get your stuff, and he did the opposite? What's the matter with him, anyway?" Jess ranted, "anyway, I thought that you understood. Why didn't you understand?"

"You changed the locks and didn't give me a new key. That sounds very permanent, especially combined with Tim doing what he did. Also, you blamed me for being bi and used that as an excuse, as a breach of our wedding vows? News flash, missy, we BOTH broke our wedding vows. I had committed sodomy and you committed adultery and incest.

"Technically, what I did wasn't adultery by the classic definition, just by the modern one, but I won't use that, since the old, Roman definition was inherently a double standard. Though admittedly, it's the actual standard set in the Old Testament and the Ten Commandments, contrary to what most people believe. Speaking of which, it's clear that you have a double standard, too, if you thought that you could unilaterally alter the terms and conditions of our marriage at whim and I would have no say in the matter whatsoever," I insisted, still very annoyed with her.

"Okay, okay, we both cheated or whatever! I'm sorry that I was a hypocrite about it, and I'm sorry that I kicked you out and locked you out. I guess that I expected you to know me well enough to do understand what I was doing, but you're not a mind reader, I suppose. I thought that you would get it, would infer the right conclusions and such, and that you'd be so relieved to be able to come back home that you'd jump at the chance. Where are you, anyway? Are you with somebody or something?" Jessica suddenly acted jealous.

"Wow, you got some nerve, you know, asking me if I'm with someone, during a separation that I assumed to be permanent, even if it weren't since, by your logic, separation releases us from our wedding vows. You do realize that both of us would be free to date others, right, not just you? You didn't think that I would just pine over you and cry into my beer in some pathetic excuse for a tavern or some fleabag motel, did you?

"Honestly, do you not know me better than that? Still being a hypocrite and trying to treat me as a disposable accessory, aren't you? I'm not a Ken doll, a sexless accessory to your Barbie, no way in Hell! Did you really think that I would come crawling back to a wife who would hypocritically treat her husband worse than her brother, anyway?" I snapped at Jess yet again.

"Okay, I guess that I deserved that. Damn, I've really screwed the pooch here, haven't I? Look, there's something that you need to know ... I'm ... pregnant. I don't know if you or Tim are the father, but I'd like you to be Daddy in any case, if that's at all possible. You know how I feel about abortion. I promise, I'll unlock the doors, forgive you for whatever revenge fling that you had, since you're as entitled to strange as me during a separation, I suppose, I hope that you'll forgive me as well for what I did ... and we can go back to being married, if you wish," Jess expressed her hopes.

"And Tim?" I inquired, reminding Jess of her incest with her own brother.

"He's gone, babe. I swear it. He and I had it out last night, when he told me that he's leaving me because he's not sure about his sexuality, that he's still conflicted and also jealous over you. He and I also differed over the baby, as he insisted that it should be aborted in case it was his, due to the risks of birth defects from incest.

"It happened because I asked him if he enjoyed it with you, if he was back to being straight, that sort of thing, or was he gay now? I mean, that was part of me kicking you out for being bi, is because bisexuality is just a transitional phase from gay to straight and vice versa. The difference being that you and I took vows and he and I didn't. It's not a permanent sexual orientation in my book... ," Jess rambled before I cut her off.

"Then your book is wrong, Jess. Bisexuality is very permanent and it sounds like both Tim and I have it. Given that he enjoyed you so much and still liked my cock up his butt, I could only assume that he is bi as well. It's not a transition. It's not a phase per se. For some people, perhaps, sexuality can be fluid, but for many of us, it's rather fixed. I was born bisexual. Odds are, so was Tim. It can seem more fluid than it is, because people take a while to realize their sexuality in a culture where heterosexuality is the default, the norm.

"As for knowing you well enough to trust you, are you that screwed-up in the head? Honestly? I thought that I knew you, until you pulled this stunt. Suddenly, everything that I thought that I knew about you was shaken up and called into question. Nothing could be assumed or taken for granted anymore, nothing at all. Nothing was certain anymore. All of my expectations and beliefs about you were turned on their head and everything. How could be I sure of anything about us, about you, anything at all, Jess? Just how?" I observed, causing her to gasp.

"Oh, dear, I've really wrecked things, haven't I? My relationship with my brother, my marriage, my relationship with my parents, all of that, all screwed-up now," Jess shivered at the thought in my hearing.

"What about your parents?" I wondered now.

"Well, they got involved when they learned that I kicked you out. Much to my shock, they took your side and told me things that I didn't want to believe, but now I guess that they were right. Well, maybe not side with you about you having other lovers, but I think that they'd be realistic enough to accept that part, given that you're not Catholic like me. I explained the situation and they threatened to cut both of us off, Tim and me alike, and leave their stuff to any grandchildren that they have instead. 

"This helped lead to the fight between Tim and me, which also makes sense with the shotgun incident that you mentioned. I had told him to get rid of your shotgun, in fact, because I never liked guns and you know it. I didn't want you having it available when you came back, in case you wanted to come after him. When I explained your logic, I guess that he came up with a different solution to the situation with you.

"I had planned for the affair to last a bit longer, but I was going to call you and have you get your things in the next day or so, while I supervised to make sure that you didn't take anything of mine, or your shotgun, for that matter. I was also going to try to talk to you about finally getting my name on the deed, but only once things have cooled down between us. I guess that will never happen now, will it?

"So ... any chance to reconcile at all? Please? I'm really sorry about all of this. I didn't plan for things to get so crazy, but I suppose that it's my fault ... and Tim's. We're both so ... torn up about all of this. We're not used to this kind of thing. Maybe you are, being bi for so long, but not us. We don't know how to react to these things. It's like, once I went off the map, in terms of not obeying the Church, I don't have a clear moral compass anymore. I don't know what's up or down, how to handle things, what's right or wrong, any of that anymore.

"What would it take, to at least get to you consider taking me back, Stan? A formal apology? A threesome of the other kind? Another guy to share? What's it gonna be? What do I have to do to make this right between us? Counseling? Let you kick me out for a month before I can come home? What is it? What do I have to do to make amends? Host parties for your friends and let them gang-bang me? Do amateur porn? Striptease? Hire a stripper for your birthday?

"What do you want from me? What do I have to do to get back the man that I threw away without realizing what I'd done? Look, I'm really sorry. I don't know if my relationship with my parents or Tim can be saved, but I want to try to save my marriage at least. I know that I'm the one who wrecked it, but I really want to save it if I can," Jess said through her tears, a lump apparent in her throat.

"Well, see, this is what happens when you listen too much to society, to clergy, etc. and don't form your own moral code early on, one that is unshakable and real. This is why I'm a Nietzschean, in fact. Nietzsche taught us to set our own moral code, our own value system. Even his views he expressed as being 'his' truths, not universal ones. This is part of why I'm not a Christian. That and my parents were atheists, as were my grandparents. Though my grandparents were Communists, but that's another matter. I'm no Red myself, nor were my parents, but they inherited that distrust of organized religion, anyway.

"Anyway, let me be clear on some non-negotiable points here. I have a new girlfriend ... and she's engaged to a really nice guy. He's a bit unconventional, as is she ... as is our whole situation. Monogamy is impossible now, you see. I'm ... intimate with both of them, physically in his case, both physically and emotionally in hers. I might well develop romantic feelings toward him in time, given how great he is. We have a triad, if you will. You want me back, you have to share me at least with them, probably more than that. That makes it a quad. Think that you can handle that?

"Also, I want to be able to bring them to live with us, and I want my shotgun back, Jess. It's mine. You have no right to dispose of it as you see fit. That shotgun was my father's, in fact. He was very proud of it, since my family didn't use to have any right to keep and bear arms, not under Communism, of course. That was too much of a threat to the Party. Plus, it's for hunting squirrel, turkey, pheasant, etc. That shotgun is mine and I'm not doing without it. You can either like it or lump it, but I'm keeping my shotgun, and if you already got rid of it, you'd better replace it for me.

"Now, regarding Tim, if he wants to move back in, he's gotta make some gesture to show that he is a team player. If he decides to come back ... and play by my new household rules as head of the household, then I would be more than okay with you keeping him as a lover. But on my terms. Oh, and the locks need to be changed back or else I get a copy of the keys, as do Larissa and Rain, my new lovers. And he won't be allowed within a yard of my shotgun ever again. Any thoughts?" I confronted Jess.

"Are you kidding me? Right now, I'm so fucking mad at Tim ... and at myself, that the last thing that I'm worried about is whether he climbs back into my bed. Maybe he will, maybe he won't, and I like having that option, but I'm in no rush to do so until he gets his head out of his ass. In the meantime, so what if you have a girlfriend and she has a fiance?

"I have a husband that I foolishly kicked out in my drive to have a fantasy, and also because I was pretty pissed-off that I thought that he might be turning gay. I figured that ... perhaps, you'd explore the gay side, I guess, then rush back to me once you missed me enough, or maybe, if I was lucky, you'd miss me sooner.

"Anyway, if you want me back, if you'll take me back, I'll do anything that you ask for at least week. Anything, honey! Anything! Hell, make it a month! I've been a horrible wife, I guess. I just want to be yours again, whatever happens with Tim. It's not fair to get too upset with you for moving on, I guess, though it hurts. I can see why you did and why you refuse to do the monogamy thing again. It was my idea and I couldn't even practice what I preached.
