 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

---------------------

Thank you for the interest in my stories. 

As requested, here's another story about My Girls.

If you'd read other stories about My Girls, skip the intro and go straight to the story. While the following story can stand alone, you might enjoy it more if you read My Girl-Sue Ann and My Girl-Sandy first. 

---------------------

Intro

I'm writing this to tell you about my girls. These are the girls I've known, the girls I've loved. 

I'm a lucky man. I have a good life. I'm a musician. My job is incredibly fun and I've made pretty good money at it. No, I'm not famous. Don't even ask. You wouldn't recognize my name if I told you. 

I've had the chance to meet some amazing women in my life. I'm going to tell you about some of them-not all, but some. Over the years I've slept with about three hundred women. The stories here are based on those girls. Some of the stories are combinations of more than one girls' tale, but that's only to keep me from writing hundreds of stories. What you're about to read is based on true events. 

Whether you believe them or not doesn't make any difference to me. I got to live them. Now I'm an old married guy, middle age is slipping by and I'm reminiscing about the girls I've known in my life. I may not be chasing after girls anymore but I'm still a lucky man. I've spent over twenty years with the same girl and I love it. I've never been happier and I've never been unfaithful. But every now and then I stop to remember...

---------------------

Chapter 01

The Phone Call

Another fifteen minutes. All I wanted was another fifteen minutes of sleep. Sandy had worked me over earlier tonight and I needed sleep. She was breathing deeply as she lay beside me, and I wanted to stay right there. Fifteen minutes more and I'd get up. I hit the snooze button and the alarm clock rang again. What the hell? I picked up the clock ready to throw it across the room when I realized the phone was ringing. It was three in the morning and my phone was ringing. Why was the phone ringing?

It was the first night in two months I had no gig, no nothing and my phone wakes me up at three in the morning. Somebody's dying. If they're not dying yet, they're going to be. I grabbed the phone and held it to my ear as my head feel back onto the pillow. "Yeah. This better be good," I growled. The other end of the line was quiet. I stared at the ceiling and said, "Hello."

Finally, in the silence I heard a small voice say, "Hello." It was so timid and quiet I couldn't recognize who she was. 

I took a slow deep breath to calm down and asked, "Who is this?" 

"It's me...Sue Ann."

With a smile I abandoned my homicidal urges and said, "Hello, Beautiful. How are you? Are you okay?" 

"I'm fine."

I wanted more information. Why is she calling? Is she in trouble? We hadn't seen each other for weeks and she was calling at three in the morning. "What's going on?"

"Nothing much, really. I just got home and thought you'd be up. I thought you were always up this time of night." She sounded like she'd been crying. 

"Yeah, I'm usually up but I had a night off. Now what's really going on? Are you okay? Do you need help?"

"No, I don't need anything. I just...I had a bad night and wanted to hear your voice." 

"Okay. What happened? Why was it a bad night?" I asked.

"Well, you know I started working with Mom at the hospital, right?"

"Yeah. You're handling the night shift in admitting aren't you?"

"Mm-hmmm. Well, this doctor that works nights has been flirting with me since my first day. I thought he was harmless and kind of a stuck on himself the way they all are, you know? But he wouldn't quit."

By now I was sitting up. Sandy, who had been sleeping next to me stirred and I motioned for her to go back to sleep. "What did he do?"

"Well, it isn't so much what he did as what he said."

This was getting frustrating, first nothing, then a flood, then nothing again. "Sue Ann, what did he say?"

After a long pause she quietly said, "He said you're a bum and I can't see you anymore."

"Oh. Really? Do I know this guy? Why did he say that?"

"He wants me to be his girlfriend."

"Well, he's got good taste." As she giggled on the other end of the line I went on, "I can't say that I'd blame him. If I were in his shoes I'd want you all to myself too. But I didn't know you were seeing anybody. I mean...if you like this guy..."

Sue Ann interrupted me saying, "I'm not seeing him. I don't like him. He just wants me to. I shouldn't have been so nice I guess. He thinks...well, I don't know what he thinks. I was just trying to be nice to him. Nobody likes him and he doesn't have any friends. He's really brilliant and he always looks so tired. He doesn't ever get to see his wife and I was just trying to be nice." 

The floodgates were open again. "Sue Ann, it's okay. Calm down." It took a minute for what she said to sink in. "He's married?

"Yeah."

"But he wants you to be his girlfriend."

"Yeah."

"What do you want?"

"I don't want to be his girlfriend. I want him to leave me alone. And I want you."

"Okay. Don't worry, Beautiful, he's just trying to bully you to get what he wants. Don't let it get to you. If you want me, that sounds good to me 'cause I want you too. But what do you want from me?"

There was an hour-long pause (okay maybe it was just a few seconds) before she said, "I want you to...you know...like before."

"Oh, you do, huh? And what else do you want?"

"I don't know. Can't we just see what happens?" She got quiet for a moment and then must have realized what I was thinking. "I'm not trying to tie you down or anything." Then she added in a whisper, "But if you want to tie me down, I think I'd like that."

Now I was sitting up and my cock was standing up. Before I knew it, my hand began to slowly stroke it. "Oh, yeah? That might be fun. When do you want to do that?"

"I don't know. I've got a long weekend starting tomorrow, why don't I come down? I could spend a few days there with you."

"That sounds good. When do you want to come?"

"As soon as you tell me to," she said with a giggle. 

Sandy was lying on her side now watching me. When I looked at her she licked her lips and asked, "Want some help with that?" I started to scoot out of bed but I wasn't quick enough. She took me in her warm, wet mouth. Grabbing me in one hand she slipped the other down to play with her pussy and said, "Keep talking. If you stop, I'll stop."

"Okay."

Sue Ann was saying something, but I wasn't listening. I cut her off and tried to catch up with the conversation. "I'm sorry, Sue Ann. What did you say?"

"I said 'I wish I were there right now'. I miss you." She sighed and went on, "What are you doing?"

"Well, I was sleeping, but now I'm up and talking to you."

I got to hear that cute giggle again as she asked, "Are you all the way up?"

"No I'm just sitting in bed." Sandy flicked her tongue around me to remind me that wasn't all I was doing.

"No silly. I mean is ALL OF YOU UP?"

I knew what she was asking but I wanted to make her say it. "I don't know what you mean."

"Is your dick hard?"

"What would make you ask that?"

"I want to know."

"You do? Why do you want to know?"

"Because...because I'm soaking wet thinking about you there in bed all alone."

"Oh, you are?"

"Yeah, I am. I can feel how soaked my panties are and the way I'm rubbing them is making my fingers wet."

"Does that feel good? 

"Mm-hmmm."

"That's a good girl. Where are you?"

"I'm feeling very naughty tonight so I'm out of the balcony. It's beautiful out here. You'd love the view."

"I bet I would," I said lasciviously. "I'll bet it's something to see." 

She laughed and asked me, "Are you doing it too?"

"Am I doing what?" Again, I was determined to make her say it.

"Are you doing yourself? You know...are you jacking off?"

I knew I could tell her the truth so I did, "No, I'm not."

"I thought you were hard."

"Oh, I am. I'm very hard."

"But you're not jacking off? Why not?"

"Let me think. How should I say this? I don't need to."

"I don't understand. If you're hard why don't you want to jack off? I wanted to do it together like before...I thought you'd like it."

"Oh, I'd like it. I'm sure I would. And I didn't say I didn't want to do it, I said 'I don't need to.' It's different."

"How is it different? And why don't you need to jack off...wait...is somebody there with you?" This girl may not be fast, but she's not stupid.

"Yes."

"OH MY GAWD. Is she jacking you off?"

"No."

"Is she fucking you?"

"No."

"Is she sucking your cock?"

"Yes."

"Oh my gawd. You are wicked." For a second she got real quiet and I thought I'd lost her. Then she asked, "Is she hot?"

"Oh, yes."

"Is she sliding her mouth up and down?"

"Up and down how?" I wasn't going to answer if she didn't say it.

"Is she sliding her mouth up and down your hard cock?"

"Yes she is."

"Is she good?"

There she was again, trying not to say anything dirty. I loved to hear her talk dirty. That sweet little voice of hers sounded so good when she did. "What do you mean? Is she good at what?"

"Is she good at sucking your cock?"

"Yes she is. She's a very good cocksucker. I think she really enjoys it too."

Sandy pulled her mouth off of me and loud enough for Sue Ann to hear her she said, "I love it. I love sucking your cock. It's so long and hard and it tastes so good."

"OH MY GAWD. I heard her. That is so hot. Tell me what she's doing. Tell me everything."

"Okay, she's curled up on the bed beside me sucking my cock. Every now and then she takes it deep in her throat. But what she likes to do most is hold it and swirl her tongue around it as she slides her mouth up and down. Oh man...she's good at that. She's really good at that."

"Oh I wish I were there. I want to see that."

I reached down to touch Sandy's head and told her, "She wants to see you suck me off. Does that sound like fun?"

"Oh hell yeah. I'd love it."

Sue Ann was getting breathless on her end of the line, "Oh, I heard that. Oh please let me come see her-please. Is she naked? Is she pretty? What is she doing?"

"Yes. She's in bed with me. She woke up when you called. Her pretty little body is right next to mine. Just like you have the phone in one hand and one hand in your pussy, she's got my cock in one hand and the other playing with her clit. It's very hot."

"Oh...oh...I can't take it. I want to come so bad."

"Then do it. I think she's about to come too." I looked Sandy in the eye as I said that. It was true no matter which one of them I was talking about. Sue Ann was getting louder and Sandy was moaning loudly around my cock. I put the phone close enough to Sandy that they could hear each other get off. They both moaned and whimpered through their shared climax. It was a trip. 

When she caught her breath Sue Ann said, "Let me talk to her."

I looked at Sandy to see if it was okay with her and she took the phone from me. Sue Ann asked her, "Did you come?"

"Yeah."

"Me too. I've never done anything like that before."

"Me either."

"Is he still hard?

"Oh, yeah."

"Are you going to fuck him?

"Maybe. Do you think I should?"

"Yeah, I do. I would if I were there."

"Yeah, I know what you mean."

"Can I listen while you fuck him?"

"Yeah." Sandy pushed me down on the bed and lifted her leg over me. With her firm breasts in my face she began to slide my cock back and forth along the lips of her pussy. Her slit was dripping wet as she teased my shaft with it. "Hmmmm. He's very hard. I'm going to have to ride him for a while."

"I love that. I love to lay him out and just tease his cock with my pussy so he can feel how hot and wet I am. It makes me feel so sexy to have him watch me too."

"That's what I'm doing right now. It's so hot."

"Are you playing with your tits? I love to watch his face while I play with my tits. You can see how much he likes it." 

"Yeah, but I only have one hand free to do it."

"I know, me too. Oh, don't put his cock in you, yet. Let me do it with you."

"Where are you? You coming over?"

"No, I'm two hours away. But I've got a toy I like to play with while I talk to him. Let me get in bed and fuck it while you fuck him. Just give me a minute."

"Okay, but hurry. I want this cock in me." Sandy looked down at me and said, "She's gone to get a dildo so she can fuck herself while I fuck you. She sounds like a hottie. I want to meet her. No, I take that back. I want to fuck her. Can I fuck her with you, Baby? Would you like that?"

"I'd love it. She's coming down for the weekend."

"That sounds good to me. I've never been with a girl before-this could be interesting." Then she sat up to listen to Sue Ann on the phone and said, "Yeah, you've got it? Yeah. Me too. Yeah. Hold on." She leaned down close to me and I could hear Sue Ann again.

Over the phone I heard Sue Ann say, "I'm dragging the head up and down, getting it wet and spreading my lips open with it. I'm so wet. I want it so bad. Are you ready?" Sandy mimicked her actions.

"Yeah. Do it. NOW." Both women moaned as they slid downward to fill their pussies. Sandy told Sue Ann, "I'm grinding, rubbing my clit hard against him while I squeeze him inside me. I'm not moving up and down, just squeezing him tight then letting go. Gawd it feels so good."

"Yes, and play with your tits. Squeeze and pinch your nipples while he watches. Let him see how hard and long they get."

"Oh, I want my tits sucked."

"I'm going to suck my tits. Do it too, girl. Let him see how much you like it."

Sandy leaned down and flicked her tongue back and forth across her tit, making the nipple slick and wet. Then looking me in the eye she took a nipple in her mouth and sucked hard on it. Switching hands with the phone, she did the same to her other tit and said, "That feels so good. "

"Feed them to him. Have him suck you while you fuck him."

Sandy shoved her chest in my face and said, "Suck my tits, Baby. Suck them hard."

I could hear Sue Ann's moans as she got close to coming. Sandy started riding me harder and harder nearing her release as well. They groaned together as Sandy shuddered and came on my cock. It felt like I was fucking them both at the same time. It was amazing. 

Sandy lay on my chest and panted, "That was good, very good. I came hard and he hasn't gotten off yet." I rolled us over and pulled her legs up so she could hold her ankles together. Both girls had done this with me before. Sandy described every detail to Sue Ann. "Yes, just like that. Oh, yeah. It goes so deep this way," she said as I drove my cock into her. A moan escaped from her chest and she told me Sue Ann was fucking herself in the same position. I began pounding into her with all the strength I could muster. She came again and again. As she wailed under me I roared and unloaded my balls into her hungry pussy. 

After we caught our breath I heard Sue Ann on the phone. "That was incredible. I'm going to sleep now but I'll be there as soon as a can tomorrow-I mean later today. Should I bring anything with me?"

I knew exactly what I wanted. "Bring two things; your dildo and your blindfold. We're going to have fun this weekend."