 "Oooohhhh, Fuuuuccckkkkk!" the hot wife panted, "Fuck me!" Katie moaned, "Harder!"

Her husband increased his pace as he rammed his hard cock into her wet aching pussy. The hot wife grabbed the headboard of their bed while on her knees. Her wedding ring glistened from the midday sun that peeked through the window. Her eyes focused on her large rock on her finger which represented her commitment to Fred as his cock maintained a steady pace inside her moist slit. The hot wife regretted what she had done earlier in the day. She knew she should have been stronger as she rocked back on her husband's stiff rod.

Mrs. Jackson knew she did horrible during the job interview earlier in the day. She fumbled through the questions as she couldn't concentrate after being fucked by her well hung neighbor in the dingy park restroom. The loving wife rammed herself back against Fred's thrusts, "Fuck me harder!" as she gritted her teeth.

The taste of Phil's spunk still lingered in her mouth as "Harder!" again escaped her lips between moans of lust as her husband tightened his grip around her slim waist from behind.

The hot wife called her husband after the interview and begged him to come home. They hadn't had much time to themselves so it didn't take much to convince him. He was quickly out of the office and fucking his sexy wife during his lunch hour in the privacy of their bedroom.

The sexy wife wanted him deeper; to fill her up. She wanted him to fuck her hard and ram his thumb into her tight ass as Phil did.

"Ohhhhhh Fred," purred Katie as she tried to get the nerve to ask her husband to thumb fuck her ass while his cock rammed in and out of her wet pussy. Just the thought of having the same feeling from earlier and asking her husband to do such a dirty thing made butterflies jump in her stomach. The sexy wife arched her back as she turned her head and looked back towards her lover. She balanced herself with one hand on the headboard and placed the other on her ass as her own finger rubbed the crack of her ass until her finger darted around her tight hole.

Fred watched in delight as his sexy wife rubbed her own backdoor and lost control during the moment, "Ohhhhhh shhhhhhiiiit," Fred gasped, "I'm cumming!!"

He pulled his cock from her love canal and stroked his stiff rod as his hot cum splattered across his wife's ass and lower back. It happened so quickly Katie never had time to spin around and take his load into her salivating mouth as she craved the warm salty spunk on her tongue.

She fell forward as she hid her disappointment in her pillow. The hot wife felt her husband rub his wet cock across her ass cheeks as he stroked stream after stream of hot sticky cum onto her.

"Sorry" Fred panted, "It's just been awhile since we had sex."

"It's okay," Katie moaned but she wanted so badly to cum herself as she hid the disappointment in her voice.

Fred hopped off the bed as he looked at the clock, "Shit! I have to get back to work. I'm late!"

"I know," the horny wife replied. She sat up in the bed as she reached behind her as she playfully rubbed her husband's semen into her skin, "Can't you call in sick?" pouted Katie.

Fred looked at his wife as she arched her back. Katie pressed her lips together as she lifted her hand that had gathered some of his delicious cum and licked it clean, "I'll do anything you want..."

Her husband swallowed hard, "I would love to but I have a phone conference with Allan," Fred turned and gave his wife a wicked smile, "but thanks for calling me home for lunch!" 

The hot wife giggled, "Are you sure I can't change your mind?," as she fondly looked at her husband as she spread her legs and fell back onto bed. She knew he had worked hard on an overseas deal with an associate in England but wanted more of his dick inside her. 

Fred quickly contemplated her offer. He looked towards his hot wife, "I can't baby! I need to work on this merger!"

Katie smiled as she got up and stretched her slender body for her husband to see. The hot wife rubbed her body with her fingers as she placed one of them into her mouth and sucked it seductively and pulled it out with a pop. She gave him wicked smile as Mr. Jackson shook his head and turned on the shower.

The hot wife slowly walked downstairs as she rubbed the sticky semen on her backside. The naked wife loved the feeling of pure nakedness and naughtiness. She never was like this before. She was always so reserved until the one day when her husband asked for a blowjob and her sex life hadn't been the same since. 

The sexy hard bodied woman walked over to the sink and poured a glass of water. She gazed outside as her eyes became huge as saw a familiar SUV parked in Phil Dorman's driveway. Katie stood motionless as knew exactly who it belonged to; Sheila Marshall, her friend and ex-boss from the hospital.

"What is she doing there?" she asked herself quietly as she watched intently from the window. Katie heard Fred's shower had ended as she returned upstairs and donned her robe. She sat on the edge of the bed and made small talk with her husband as he quickly put on his suit so he could return to work. 

Katie opened her robe and allowed her husband a full view of her hard body as she hoped to yet change his mind. She slowly worked her hand up and down her torso as she tempted her lover. He only grinned at the sexual energy of his wife.

Fred continued to make himself presentable to return to work as Katie glanced over at Phil's and 10 minutes had passed but no sign of Sheila.

Katie's husband hurried out of the bathroom and kissed his wife, "I'll see you tonight!"

Mrs. Jackson stood up and kissed her husband and grabbed an envelope from the dresser, "Could you mail this for me," as she handed her husband the application for the Mrs. Missouri pageant, "I forgot to take it with me this morning."

Fred smiled as he grabbed the letter from his wife and was out the door. The hot wife glanced outside and watched as Fred pulled away in the car. She quickly returned to the kitchen window and watched for another 10 minutes before Phil's door opened and Sheila walked out. Even from her house she could see her friend was crying and shaking. Katie could only imagine what happened inside her neighbor's house and what the old man told her.

***

Three Weeks had passed since her encounter with Phil in the restroom and he+ hadn't called or came over. Sheila, however, would stop by Phil's to pick him up in the morning and return at noon staying for 15-20 minutes each time. As the weeks had passed; Katie jumped at the sound of her phone ringing. Her hands shook as she looked at the caller ID as she felt for sure it would be Phil. Mrs. Jackson was confused by her reactions; did she want her well hung neighbor to call her or was she worried that he would call her? Her thoughts disappeared when the caller ID indicated one afternoon that it was from the hospital.

Katie cleared her voice as she picked up the phone, "Hello?"

"Katie?" she immediately recognized the voice of Sheila.

"Hi Sheila," the hot wife greeted her friend.

Sheila's voice quivered, "Can you come to the hospital I need to talk with you right away."

Katie signed deeply as she immediately suspected Phil must have told her about them. She needed to convince Sheila to not tell her husband, "Sure, I'll be right there," as she hung up the phone. Katie knew the more time that Sheila spent with Phil that it was bound to come out.

She sped down the road, almost getting caught in a police speed trap, as her mind raced of what she could tell Sheila. Within a half hour the hot wife quickly walked into the hospital and directly towards her office. Sheila Marshall was on the phone but the buxom manager waved her in. 

As Sheila spoke to another associate; the hot wife looked at the pictures that sprawled the walls and on her desk. Sheila was married to Brock Marshall. A skinny man with glasses who was a lawyer at a major firm in the Kansas City area. Katie never felt he was Sheila's type and was pretty sure she married him for the money. They had two children but Katie couldn't believe how fit she was. It seemed to come natural to her. Sheila was barely 5'2 with long brown hair that flowed to the middle of her back with blonde highlights. Her dark brown eyes looked at Katie while she talked on the phone. Sheila was wearing a shirt that enhanced the cleavage of her fake breasts. Katie could see that they were tanned and obviously she spent too much time at the spa. Sheila was probably in her late 30's and had a delicious hard body; Katie couldn't help but be jealous. She worked hard to get her own body into shape and it seemed like Sheila just had to wake up.

The manager hung up the phone, "Close the door."

Katie quickly stood up and shut the door and looked back towards her friend, "Is everything okay?"

"No," Sheila's lip quivered.

Anxiety overwhelmed Katie as she took a deep sigh, "What's wrong?" She fully expected her friend to divulge that Phil told her about what they had been doing.

Sheila was flustered, "Just listen.." The buxom manger turned on the speaker to her phone as she dialed her voice mail.

A familiar voice quickly erupted over the speaker, "Sheila Marshall, this is Phil Dorman. You haven't progressed like I hoped you would so you have left me no other choice but to raise the ante. I am down at my lawyers' office filling out a suit for negligence against the hospital, yourself and Mrs. Katie Jackson. It is all about you providing unprofessional medical services at the hospital and pretending that your staff was a fully qualified medical adviser, which she obviously wasn't. You allowed her to provide advice and later I had a heart attack. That heart attack may not have occurred if a properly qualified and experienced medical practitioner had seen me at the time and properly diagnosed my case. Mrs. Marshall you are to blame because in Mrs. Jackson's own words you were too busy to see me and asked her to step in to help you out, knowing she no more than a secretary. The hospital is to blame because it was there that I received the medical advice by your employee and was directed by yourself to speak with me and give medical advice. You should have ensured any person seeing me was appropriately qualified and experienced to deal with my case."

Katie's heart dropped at just hearing Phil name her as being involved in a lawsuit. She adjusted herself in the chair as the voice mail continued, "I know Mrs. Jackson left the employ of the hospital, but that is irrelevant. What is relevant is my health suffered dramatically and am now somewhat debilitated. I cannot pay my medical bills, so the hospital is going to have to pay for me and my basic lifestyle until I die. Before filing any paperwork I'll give you a chance to come to some form of settlement and begin negotiations as soon as possible. Please call me and let me know your intentions. Good day."

The buxom manager hung up the phone, "What did you tell him?"

Katie's face reddened, "I told him exactly what he said; that you were busy and asked me to help out."

Sheila put her hands on her head, "When he got upset with you that day and he left in a hussy, what did you say to him to get him to calm down?"

Katie turned a deeper shade and hoped this wouldn't go any further, "I guess I just apologized." 

Sheila stared at Katie and finally sat up, "I'm going to call him right now. You need to talk him out of this.."

"Sheila!" Katie begged, "Don't call him!" The hot wife quickly changed the subject, "What did he mean when he said you haven't progressed?"

The buxom petite manager paused and sighed deeply, "It started just with me giving him a ride home from therapy. He came in and said you dropped him off and needed help getting home. He was polite and I was leaving anyway so I thought I would help him. I assisted getting him inside his house and the next thing you know he has his..," Sheila paused thinking of the right word to use in front of her friend, "his pulled penis out of his pants stroked it in front of me."

Katie stared into the eyes of her friend knowing exactly the situation as it happened to her, "and he threatened to tell the hospital about everything we did unless I did things to him."

The hot wife quickly blurted out, "You had sex with him?" The tone of her voice didn't come out right; it made her sound jealous.

"No!" Sheila quipped. "I only picked him up and took him home after his therapy. He'd pull his cock out and try to get me to stroke him. All the while telling me if I didn't help him," Sheila began to turn red in the face either from embarrassment or rage, "by stroking, sucking, or fucking him; he'd tell the hospital or tell my husband." The buxom manager pointed at the phone, "He's taken this to a new level with this threat of a lawsuit."

Sheila looked towards her friend for advice, "I don't know what to do. I need you to talk to him! Do you know if really has a lawyer?"

The hot wife nodded, "He does. His name is Norman Williams," as she fidgeted in her chair, "but I don't think I should talk to him Sheila," Katie replied, "I doubt I could change his mind. Please don't call him!"

The manger ignored the pleas from her friend as she held the phone up to her ear, "Hello Phil. Its Sheila Marshall," as she sat the phone down and clicked on the speaker.

"That was quick," Phil's gravelly voice echoed in the room, "I take it you got my message?"

"Phil, this is ridiculous and you know it! You can't make me do things that I don't want to do by threatening to file a lawsuit!" Sheila shouted in the phone.

"You can think whatever you want, but I suggest you be at my residence this evening, say 7:00 pm to begin negotiations or this lawsuit will commence immediately with the delivery of the documents to the courts at 9:00 am. You should come suitably attired, you know what I like, and ready to negotiate." 

"Phil! Mrs. Jackson is here with me," Sheila quickly spoke into the phone.

"Katie?" a boisterous laugh erupted from the speaker, "Hell, she can tell you how serious I am."

Sheila looked at Katie waiting for her to acknowledge she was in the room.

"Phil I think you should reconsider what you are doing," is all the hot wife could muster to say. Sheila rolled her eyes at the lack of conversation from her friend.

"Tell you what Freckles, you and Sheila both be at my house tonight," Phil cackled into the phone, "I'm sure we can work something out."

"I can'..," before she could finish the old man hung up the phone.

Katie sat in shock. Any civil court would likely pass on the information to the county attorney for breaches under the various health acts. She and Sheila could both be in the courts in a long drawn out battle, with the hospital on one side, Phil on the other and both of them in the middle being whacked by both sides. The hours under pressure, the embarrassment for Fred and her family and friends. They were in deep trouble and they knew it. Katie couldn't believe that Phil had the audacity to suck Sheila into his game.

"What about this meeting at 7:00 pm at his place? What does he mean appropriately attired for negotiations to start the settlement process? Are you going to go?" Katie asked as she stood up and paced the room.

Sheila thought for a moment, "I don't think we have much of a choice," She leaned back in her chair, "I've negotiated with people like him before, I'm sure I'll be able to remedy this problem."

Katie was relieved that Sheila was dealing with the issues positively. She had a calmer brain to look for a solution; Katie needed to stay away from courts, from public ridicule and most of all she needed to protect Fred from her foolishness. Sheila was one of the negotiators for the hospital with many of the patients, so Katie was really ecstatic when Sheila calmly stated, "Don't worry. Nothing horrible is going to happen. We always will have an alternative." 

But the Katie did not like the look in Sheila's eye when she said, "But you need to go with me tonight."

The hot wife stopped in her tracks, "I can't tonight. Fred and I are busy."

Sheila stared up at her friend, "You need to change your plans. I need your help!"

Katie tried to explain, "but Fred.."

The manager quickly interrupted, "Tell him you are going to help him with his taxes. The hospital is offering a Labor for Love program in which we are making it our mission to help the elderly or poor."

The married women stared at each other. Katie's mouth hung open not knowing what to say.

Mrs. Marshall stood up and handed her the phone, "Tell him you're helping me tonight," growing impatient with her friend, "your ass is on the line as much as mine."

Katie stood motionless and she held the phone. Sheila pushed her hand and demanded, "Call your husband and let him know you'll be working tonight with me!"

The hot wife dialed husband's office, "Hi sweetie! Sheila called and wanted me to help her out tonight with a program through the hospital."

Sheila watched and listened as Katie continued to speak with her husband, "No it's not a job. She wants me to help Phil with his taxes. It's tonight. Do we have anything going on?"

The sexy buxom manager smiled as she heard and obvious approval from Fred, "Okay I'll tell her I can, I'll see you later tonight." The hot wife clicked the phone off and tossed it to her.

"Happy?" Katie asked as she sat back down across the desk from her former boss.

Sheila adjusted her chair as she looked at her friend, "What do you know about him? Why did he say you know how serious he can be?"

Katie looked down as she didn't want to discuss this any further, "I don't know what he's talking about," as she glanced at her watch, "I need to get going."

Sheila stood up and blocked the door, "What's going on Katie?" Sheila Marshall was an expert at reading people. It was one of the qualities that made her an expert negotiator and manager.

"He's been holding everything against me since this started," the hot wife confessed.

"What do you mean everything?" Sheila intently asked.

Katie's mouth hung open as she knew she couldn't hide anything from her friend, "The meeting I had with him for you, my family, my job.."

"Oh my God! You!" as Sheila looked at her in disbelief, "You had sex with him?"

The hot wife panicked. She stared into Sheila's eyes as she bit her bottom lip. Thoughts of lies she could say but maybe her friend would have a solution. Katie finally blurted out, "Well what was I supposed to do? He was going to tell Fred, the hospital board, the courts..."

"Ok. OK," Sheila calmly stated. She paused to contemplate the situation, "let's work through this.." was her only answer. "When we go over we'll begin discussions to see where we can deviate him and play it by ear, but I have an inkling of an idea that may just work. Do you and Fred have any funds that we can offer for a settlement?"

"No! We're in debt since I haven't been able to find a decent job. Do you?"

Sheila rolled her eyes, "I have enough hidden from Brock that I should be able to throw at Phil to get his attention. You have nothing to offer?"

"Money doesn't matter to him," Mrs. Jackson exclaimed.

"All men like either money or sex; We'll just have to find his price," the manger confidently stated.

"Sheila! He's not like that," Katie pleaded as she tried in vain to warn her friend.

She ignored the advice, "I'll see you in front of his house at 7:00 pm" as she opened the office door, "and don't be late. You need to wear a blouse, skirt, and high heels. It's what he likes."

The drive home was long. The hot wife was worried about the evening and what could transpire. She only hoped that Sheila knew what she was doing.

*******

Just prior to seven o'clock, Katie walked out of her house and was dressed as Phil requested. She wore a light blue button down blouse, tan thigh high skirt, and black high heeled shoes. Her husband had told her how sexy she looked but the hot wife explained that she was trying to impress Sheila that maybe a job would be in the works. Her body tensed at what she told him knowing it was a bold faced lie.
