 My Greatest Fantasy is Finally Realized The Sequel

After arriving home on Friday evening from my weeklong trip to California, I found myself very possibly in the throes of my most sought after fantasy ever. Due to a bit of luck on my part, I was able to finish business early in San Jose, but was unable to notify Kate of my early arrival, due to time constraints. 

I had just finished shooting a huge load of cum onto our back deck, as a result of watching my wife Kate, and her closest friend, Kitty, enjoy a rather intense session of lovemaking. I was able to view the entire event, beginning in our garden tub, and eventually moving onto our den floor, through the benefit of a couple of conveniently placed windows. This event was precipitated by their indulgence in a bottle of wine, along with Kate’s knowledge of the fact that I was not due in from my West Coast trip until the wee hours of Saturday morning. As far as I know, Kate, being the conservative person she is, has never made love to a woman before, so this was a very intriguing event taking place before me. 

So, there I was, standing out on our back deck, dick in hand, wondering what to do next. The obvious thing to do was to go inside, but I decided it would probably be better if I didn’t enter via the back door. After gathering myself up, I left Kate and Kitty lying on the floor, sharing a cigarette as they relaxed in each other’s arms, still watching the porno flick they had previously inserted. I made my way around to the front of the house, grabbing my suitcase from the breezeway along the way. I quietly unlocked the door, set my bag down, and made my way toward the den. Once in the house, I created a little noise, just so I wouldn’t scare them to death, and spoil an otherwise erotic mood.

As I entered the den, Kate and Kitty looked up at me from their place atop the blankets, both of them exhibiting a look of surprise at my sudden appearance. I had to bite my lip just to keep from laughing at their shared expression, both their eyes the size of quarters, and mouths in the shape of an O. “Relax” I said, “Don’t let me interrupt anything, I certainly don’t want to dampen the mood around here.” 

As a result of my preplanned reaction, they both relaxed a great deal. What could they say? Fortunately, Kate was aware of my ongoing lust for Kitty, as we have brought her into our bedtime fantasies many times in the past. Given the fact that she had been caught doing something she’d always denied having any desire to do in the first place, there wasn’t much she could do, other than invite me to join in the fun. It was also a bonus that Kitty had shown some attraction toward me during the time I had known her.

“Take your clothes off”, said Kate. As I began to undress, she and Kitty stood up and began to assist me, all the while touching each other, and me, as well. After removing my last bit of clothes, we all dropped to the floor and continued our touching and caressing of one another. Kate moved up and began to kiss me, and Kitty soon followed, adding to our already sexy, wet kisses. Both of them began to probe my mouth, alternately licking and prodding with their tongues, as they simultaneously caressed my already rock hard dick with their soft hands.

As if on cue, they moved down my body, first stopping to lick and suck my nipples, then moved farther down to lick my cock and balls, alternating positions with each other every few moments. Having never experienced this kind of attention before, I knew it wouldn’t be long before these two beautiful ladies forced me to shoot my load. When they began to take turns swallowing my cock, it was all I could take. After giving them a warning, I began to shoot even more cum than before, covering each of their faces and mouths with the sticky stuff. Neither woman missed a beat as they both attempted to catch as much cum as they could, catching it as it spewed out of my cock. I have always been turned on watching Kate swallow my cum, so it was a huge turn on to not only watch her, but Kitty as well, swallowing every drop they could get into their mouths. As the throbbing in my cock began to slow, they licked my cock and balls, competing with each other for the last drop of my semen. After licking me clean, Kate and Kitty once again turned their attention toward each other, kissing languidly as they swapped my cum between their mouths. What a site, these two sexy ladies kissing one another wetly, both of their faces and chins shiny from my cum.

This seemed to get them going once again, and I certainly followed suit, as my dick began to harden. I was thinking to myself: I feel like a 25-year-old again, I could go all night with these two hot, sexy women.

Kate looked up at me and said, “I want to see you fuck Kitty, I’ll help”. As Kitty rolled onto her back, I moved up between her legs and slowly inserted my 7’ cock into her soaking wet pussy. I was surprised at how tight her pussy was, though since her divorce, she probably had not been having sex as much as she would have liked. Once my cock entered her, she moaned with passion, and wrapped her legs around me, pulling down ever deeper. As I began to pump my cock in and out of her, Kate moved up and plopped her dripping pussy right down on Kitty’s mouth, wriggling her hips in encouragement. 

I started to increase my tempo, pounding my cock deep into Kitty’s cunt. She grabbed Kate’s ass cheeks and pulled her cunt down harder onto her mouth. Kate was so wet, I could hear Kitty smacking loudly as she drove her tongue in and out of her cunt. “Suck my clit”, said Kate, as she continued to drive her hips down onto Kitty’s mouth. “Stick your finger in my pussy and make me come”. With that, Kitty inserted two fingers into Kate’s pussy and started ramming them in and out, in a fast and furious fucking motion. It was music to my ears, hearing Kate’s wet pussy smacking wetly at the hands of Kitty.

As we all increased our pace, it brought us ever closer to the impending climax. I drove my cock hard into Kitty, once again spewing cum all over the inside and outside of her sweet pussy. Once I began to cum, Kitty immediately started bucking her hips upward, meeting my every thrust, experiencing and intense orgasm of her own. 

This was all Kate could take, as well. She started to moan loudly, her own orgasm beginning. As she climaxed, her pussy started gushing large streams of cum onto Kitty’s face. I love it when Kate cums this way, but was pleasantly surprised to see Kitty lapping it up as it streamed down over her mouth and face. 

Following my incredible orgasm, I laid next to Kitty with my softening cock still halfway in her cum covered pussy. After Kitty licked Kate’s pussy clean, Kate moved down and began to lick and suck Kitty’s tits, smiling at me amorously as she did so. As I lay there and watched, Kitty closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation. 

After a few minutes of this, Kate moved down still further, and began to alternately lick my soft, half inserted dick, as well as Kitty’s pussy, cleaning up every drop of our intermingled cum.

Kate was certainly not done, and with her erotic ministrations to my cock, it was soon back up to it’s full hardness, and ready for more action. I think this feat was accomplished as a result of “mind over matter”, in that, in my mind, I may never again have this opportunity, so I’d better make the best of it.

Kate rolled me over onto my back, and climbed up, quickly inserting my newly hardened cock between her swollen pussy lips, and into her sopping cunt. As she began to move her hips up and down, backward and forward, she pulled Kitty up and had her straddle my face. What a sensation, to have my wife pounding her hot, familiar pussy up and down on my cock, and at the same time, enjoying a liquid pussy right on top of my face and mouth. I took advantage of the opportunity, alternating between driving my tongue up into Kitty’s cunt, and flicking, as well as nibbling her engorged clit.

As things intensified, Kitty began to experience the first orgasm, leaking copious amounts of fluid into my waiting mouth as she came. Seeing this, Kate started driving her pussy downward, onto my hard cock. As we often do, she and I experienced a wonderful, simultaneous orgasm, both of us shuddering with ecstasy, as well as exhaustion. We all collapsed onto the blankets, each of us generously sharing kisses.

As we all sat in the hot tub later, sipping wine and touching one another, we talked of the possibilities of repeating the night’s activities. Kate, nor Kitty, seemed put off by the fact that I had caught them. 

In light of this, I couldn’t resist asking them if they had done this before. They just smiled at me mischievously, and blew me a kiss...