 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

---------------------

Thank you for the interest in my stories. 

As requested here's another story about My Girls.

If you'd read other stories about My Girls, skip the intro and go straight to the story. While the following story can stand alone, you might enjoy it more if you read My Girl-Tina first. 

---------------------

Intro

I'm writing this to tell you about my girls. These are the girls I've known, the girls I've loved. 

I'm a lucky man. I have a good life. I'm a musician. My job is incredibly fun and I've made pretty good money at it. No, I'm not famous. Don't even ask. You wouldn't recognize my name if I told you. 

I've had the chance to meet some amazing women in my life. I'm going to tell you about some of them-not all, but some. Over the years I've slept with about three hundred women. The stories here are based on those girls. Some of the stories are combinations of more than one girls' tale, but that's only to keep me from writing hundreds of stories. What you're about to read is based on true events. 

Whether you believe them or not doesn't make any difference to me. I got to live them. Now I'm an old married guy, middle age is slipping by and I'm reminiscing about the girls I've known in my life. I may not be chasing after girls anymore but I'm still a lucky man. I've spent over twenty years with the same girl and I love it. I've never been happier and I've never been unfaithful. But every now and then I stop to remember...

---------------------

My Girls Tina & Janice

It was parents' night at school when I ran into Tina and Janice hanging out together. I was the only single dad in a sea of single moms. It's an enviable position to be in. Women are drawn to a single dad far more than I ever imagined they would be. But I wasn't complaining. I was enjoying the attention. Tina and Janice gave me a lot of attention that night, working hard to keep the others at bay by monopolizing my time. 

Tina weighed 85 lbs and was 4'10" tall. She was so small and innocent looking when we first met I thought she was a kid. Short dark hair framed her delicate features and big dark eyes. Her figure was tight with firm little breasts that were perfect for her frame. Janice was another story altogether. She was a classic straight haired blonde, blue-eyed surfer type from the sixties. All the lush curves to fill out a bikini were there on her 5' 8" frame. Her full breasts jiggled provocatively as she danced to a beat only she could hear. 

We decided to go out for a drink together and the girls hopped in my car with me. At the time I was driving a roadster, so Tina sat in Janice's lap. I wasn't sure but I thought they were feeling each other up a couple of times as I drove. The bar was quiet so we got a booth in the back. Before we could get a round of drinks, the guys in the band asked me to come up and sing. They were a great band so it was a big deal to be asked up to join them. But they knew me well. I'd played with them for a week when their singer was on his honeymoon and for two weeks when their guitar player was recovering from an injury. (An injury makes it sound like an accident. It wasn't an accident. It was a fight. It was unreal. It is true though...I saw the police reports. If you want to hear about it, read the next paragraph. If you don't, then skip ahead.)

---------------------

When I sat in on guitar, it was also an audition for a permanent gig. No one was sure if Mike, the guitarist, was going to be able to play again. Mike was in a fight with a girl's husband who came home and caught them in bed together. Not surprisingly the guy was pissed. He was so pissed that he went after the Mike with a baseball bat. That was a mistake. Mike was a big guy and the husband wasn't. So the Mike took the baseball bat away from him pretty easily, but in the scuffle for it, the husband bit two fingers off of Mike's right hand. That was an even bigger mistake. When he did Mike LOST HIS MIND and beat the guy with the bat before he shoved it up the guy's ass. When I heard the story I didn't believe it. But I was curious enough to ask a question that sealed our friendship forever. I asked Mike, "Which end?" 

Now back to our story, already in progress.

---------------------

Tina and Janice got a round of drinks while I sang a few tunes. They even danced together during one of them. Since it was a quiet night I asked the guys if I could play a song I'd written for my son. They knew the tune and liked it so they said yes. They joined in to fill it out and it really sounded great. They were good. And the song is a tearjerker. When we finished it, they took a break and the girls both came over to hug me. The tune is a love song, maybe the best one I've ever written. But it's not the typical love song because it's not for a girl. I wrote it about how much I love my son and how much I love being a single dad. While most guys don't get it, the single moms out there love it. It's no big surprise that Tina and Janice weren't the only single moms there that night. 

The three of us piled into our booth and I finally got to have a drink. The girls were on each side of me and doing their best to make sure I knew how horny they were. Tina was the most obvious of course, because she not only didn't care who saw her, she liked to be watched. A couple of the guys in the band came by to say hello, but they knew what was up and left us alone. The club owner sent over a round of drinks on the house. Then after that the waitresses sent over another. I was trying to figure out how long we'd stay before we got out of there when the band got back on stage. The girls jumped up and headed for the dance floor and I headed for the men's room. 

As I came out of the men's room and started down the hall to the bar, a very pretty girl approached me and asked if I had a minute. I said, "Sure. What can I do for you?"

She answered, "My name is Sally. I just wanted to thank you for playing that song. Did you really write it? Is it really about your son?"

"Yeah. He's an incredible kid. He kept me going after my wife left. If it weren't for him, I don't know what I would have done."

"I know what you mean. My little girl means everything to me. Without her...I don't know what it would be like without her," she said haltingly. "I almost lost her last year. In fact this is the first time I've been out of the house in months. She's been too sick for me to work or go out. I had to take care of her." Her eyes started to mist up and she went on saying, "She's finally coming around now. She's going to be okay."

I took her in my arms and held her as she fought off the tears. It was something every parent understands, and I got it. We stood there in the hall for a minute and held each other. Eventually she either recovered enough or built up her nerve and leaned up to kiss me. Never one to turn down a kiss from a pretty girl, I responded. Soon we were both feeling more than just a shared love for our kids. But before it got too hot and heavy Tina and Janice came around the corner. 

"I told you he's making out with some chick," Tina said behind me.

"What a dog. I thought he was our date tonight," Janice added. 

Sally tensed in my arms and started to push away. I grinned at her and winked as I said, "Yeah, this is Sally. I think she'll be the next addition to my harem. She's so hot I couldn't resist." Sally blushed deeply. 

"Hmmm, she's is hot," Janice said. 

"I guess she's all right. Is she going to join us tonight?" Tina asked.

Sally looked freaked out for a second, but I winked at her so she would play along. "I don't know yet, she's just trying out for our little group now." Turning to face the other two I let them see her as I said, "What do you think? Isn't she tasty?" 

Tina sauntered up to us saying, "She is beautiful, but I don't know about tasty. Let me see." And with that she reached up to pull Sally down into a long, hot kiss. Janice slinked up next to me and rubbed her body against me while the two girls kissed. Sally was a little resistant at first but it had been so long since she'd been with anyone Tina re-ignited the passions she'd kept buried for a long time. 

Janice gave them a minute and then pushed Tina aside to kiss Sally herself. Tina wouldn't let go and kept running her hands over Sally's luscious curves. Watching the three of them had me hard as a rock and I thought it was time to get out of there to find a nice, quiet place to see where this went. But they had other ideas. 

Tina and Janice pulled Sally and I into the ladies' room and locked the door behind us. The place was so pretty and smelled so nice it surprised me. There was even a sofa along one wall with a little coffee table in front of it. I got pushed down into the soft cushions of the couch while the girls traded kisses with Sally and each other. Soon hands started to slip inside clothing to caress smooth soft flesh. I sat and watched the three of them with my mouth hanging open and my cock straining against my pants. 

Janice leaned back against the counter across from me and pulled Sally to her as Tina sat down beside me. She rubbed my cock through my pants and then grabbed it asking, "Do you want to fuck her?"

"Which one of them?"

She giggled and said, "Either. Both. Hell, all three of us."

"Yes. Yes. And yes," kissing her lightly with each answer. 

"Good answer. 'Cause we want to fuck you."

"Cool, let's get out of here."

"No, Baby. We're going to fuck you right here, right now."

Janice lifted Sally skirt up and stuck her hand between the girl's thighs. Sally's eyes flew open in surprise for a second before she pushed back against Janice's hand and kissed her with even more urgency. By now Janice had Sally's blouse open and was feeling her up as she played with her pussy through her panties. Sally's body was lush and curvaceous. She was more voluptuous than Janice or Tina, but she carried it well. Janice pushed Sally's panties to the floor as she leaned down to suck Sally's big round tits.

By now Tina had my cock out and dove down to suck it. While she worked on my dick, Janice was exploring Sally's slit. She ran her fingers up and down Sally's lips and teased her until she was panting. Janice had hiked Sally's skirt up enough to show me what she was doing and it looked hot. As she moved toward me I could hear her whispering in Sally's ear. "That's a tight little pussy you've got there. I'll bet you haven't been fucked in a while, have you? I'll bet you'd like a nice long, thick cock up in that tight little pussy wouldn't you? Want to get fucked?"

Sally held back for as long as she could then said, "Yes. Yes. I want to get fucked. It's been so long." 

Like they'd rehearsed this in advance, Tina pulled her mouth off me and held my cock at just the right angle for Janice to push Sally down on it. She backed Sally up to me as Tina lined me up and guided me home. A wail almost escaped from Sally's lips, but Tina was there to smother it with a kiss. Tina rubbed her tits against Sally's as she straddled the two of us and kissed her. "Doesn't that big, thick dick feel good?" she asked.

Sally moaned in response, "Yes. Oh, yes. It feels so good. Fuck me."

I held Sally from behind while I thrust up into her body. Tina and Janice kissed then went to work on Sally's big tits. Their hands were everywhere, on Sally, me, each other. It was incredible. I felt Tina's dainty little fingers against the shaft of my cock as I slid in and out of Sally's tight pussy. She shared a long deep kiss with Sally as she teased her clit. Sally began to shudder uncontrollably and flooded my cock with her come. Janice fell to her knees and pushed Tina's hand away to lock her lips on Sally's throbbing clit and make her come again. 

After a few minutes of this Sally had all but turned to jelly in my arms. I held onto her tight and laid her onto the couch beside me so she could catch her breath. As soon as my cock was out in the open air, Tina was on it, dragging her mouth up and down the side of the shaft and taking me down her throat. While Tina practiced her oral skills on me, Janice hugged Sally and made sure she was okay. Then Janice slid onto her back on the coffee table. She pulled up her skirt exposing her neatly trimmed pussy and told me to fuck her. Tina led me by the cock to kneel between Janice's legs and rubbed the head up and down Janice's tight little slit. Once we were sufficiently lubricated, Tina fed my cock into that sweet wet cunt. Janice moaned and quivered at the penetration, having a small orgasm as soon as I slid inside. 

Tina kissed me and said, "My turn now," and stepped to the other end of the table to lower her hot little pussy to Janice's lips. The three of us started moving like a well-oiled machine. I was thrust into Janice, Janice licked Tina's cunt, and Tina played with Janice's clit. The sight of these two hot women in action was too much for me. There was no way I could hold back for long and I told them so. Tina told me, "Fill her up, Baby. I want to suck your come out of her," making Janice moan under us. That was all I needed to slammed into her and growl as I shot my load. 

As I knelt there basking in the moment, Sally got up off the couch and wrapped her body around my back and side. Her hands ran up and down Janice's legs and my body as she looked at the girls over my shoulder and whispered in my ear, "That's so hot. I love it."

I turned as kissed her as my cock slid out of Janice. Tina fell forward onto her friend into a classic 69. Sally and I kissed as she grabbed my come soaked cock and ran her hand along the length. Her eyes got big when she did. "You're still hard. I can't believe it."

"Yeah, I am. You want a taste?"

"Oh, that is so wicked," she panted as she moved down to swallow as much as she could. She planted little kisses up and down the shaft as she licked my and Janice's juices off and then wrapped her lips around my balls one at a time. With a guttural moan she ran her tongue all over my heavy sac. Her fingers didn't reach all the way around the shaft but that didn't stop her from stroking me deliciously as she bathed my nuts. Then after running her face and lips up to the tip of my rod, she dropped her hot little mouth over me again. Holding me against her lips she pulled off and looked me in the eyes as she said, "Would you...would you fuck my face, please?"

I wrapped my hands in her hair and slid into that wet little mouth, forcing her down onto my cock. Instead of wrapping her hands around the base of my shaft or pushing back on my thighs to keep me from going too deep, she grabbed my ass and pulled me deeper. Before I knew it I was fucking her throat like a pussy. She was urging me on. Having me thrust in and out harder and faster. With one hand rubbing on her clit and the other one pulling on her nipples she moaned and came. The vibrations of that moan traveled down my cock and into my balls forcing my seed into her thirsty mouth. With the other action tonight, I knew it wasn't a huge load, but she swallowed every drop and kept me deep in her mouth until I stopped shooting. 

Tina and Janice had been watching the last of our performance and Tina said, "That was fucking amazing."

Janice added, "Yeah. I can't believe you did that."

"I hope you've still got enough left to fuck me," Tina said. "Everybody's got fucked tonight but me. I want some too." 

Without a moment's hesitation, I stood and picked up Tina's petite body. Pinning her against the wall I grabbed her ass to hold her up and teased her pussy with the head of my cock. "You want some of this, little girl?"

"Yes. Oh gawd yes. Give it to me. Please."

As she said 'please' I slid into her balls deep. She cried out and shuddered as I did. I split her open and filled her hot cunt. Her arms and legs wrapped around me as her hips jack-hammered her pussy on my hard cock. The other two girls crowded around us goading us on as we rutted like animals. Unable to control ourselves, we rushed to a thunderous climax. It didn't last long, but it was a memorable fuck. 

That was all I could take. I was fucked out. Janice helped Tina down as Sally got me on the couch. Sally took me in her mouth and sucked me clean as I softened. When I slipped from her lips she said, "Oh man. You guys are fun."

I kissed her and said, "So are you."

Janice said, "We've got to do this some more."

The other girls agreed but I chuckled and said, "Okay. But you got to let me rest for a few minutes first."

That got a laugh and hugs from each of them. Janice and Sally settled in on each side of me as we sat and Tina curled up in my lap. She kissed each of us slowly and then with a sleepy eyed look said, "Let's get a cab and get some sleep first."

Just as she said that someone knocked on the door. As we tried to find our clothes and get presentable Janice called out, "We'll just be a minute." 

Sally dressed first and grabbed the phone to call a cab. After we made ourselves semi-presentable the girls started out the door. I took one last look around for anything we'd left and then held the door for the ladies outside to enter. "Sorry if we kept you waiting long. We were busy."

A tall blond grabbed my crotch as she passed saying, "I'll bet you were."

Her girlfriend slipped a business card in my pocket and said, "If there's a night when you aren't busy with these three, call us."

Giggles from behind the door danced in my head as we headed out into the night.