 It was Friday morning about eleven when my office phone rang.

"Hi there sexy"

It was Julie, the woman I was having a sporadic affair with.

I refer to our affair as sporadic because the only time we see one another is for sex.

She tells me she loves her husband but he can't keep her satisfied.

She used to work here but shortly after we started having nooners she quit to work for her husband. 

"Well hello" I said in my sexiest voice.

"What can I do for you?"

"I'm horny" she said flat out.

I was already aroused by knowing why she called, but those words went straight to my cock causing it to rise.

"And you think I can help you with that" I asked, reaching for my swollen dick.

"Uh, uh" she cooed.

"And what do you suggest I do to alleviate your problem?" I asked teasingly.

"Oh I don't know" she answered demurely.

There was a pause then she finished her thought" maybe make me cum"

If there was anymore blood waiting to flow into my cock her reply accelerated it, it was now rock hard. 

"Just once?" I asked, trying not to sound too excited.

"Oh no" she said " I'm very horny; I need to cum more than once."

"How many do you suggest?" I asked trying to stretch out our game of words.

"Oh I was thinking three, maybe four times."

That was one thing I loved about her, no matter how many times she came she always remained horny and ready for more.

All she required was for me to stay away from direct contact with her clit for a couple of minutes after she came.

Then it was as if I was touching it for the first time.



"You horny devil" I said, "you've got my cock throbbing."

'too bad I'm not there to kiss it and make it feel better." She teased.

I couldn't take anymore teasing, she outlasted me.

"When and where?" I asked.

"Can you pick me up?" she asked.

"No problem."

'the usual place in, say, half an hour?"

"See you there" I said "bye."

I called my secretary Tracy into my office to inform her that I would be out for several hours.

I couldn't help but wonder what her reaction would be if she saw the bulge that my still stiff cock was making in my pants.

She wasn't old, maybe 35, but I always thought of her as kind of old-fashioned.

I don't know why I thought that.

She had a face as cute as a button, a body with a little extra padding, but I liked women that way.

The only thing that kept me from coming on to her was my impression that she was a happily married woman, to the same man since she was 18.

Probably married to her high school sweetheart and the only erect dick she'd ever seen was his.

I dared myself to stand and see her knee-jerk reaction, the thought got me even harder.

"Should I know where you can be reached?" she asked

"At the Rockford Motel" I answered honestly "but don't dare call."

She started to write it down, then she caught on and blushed.

"Luck you" she said.

I was shocked by her words.

Without thinking I stood, I wasn't wearing a jacket so the bulge in my pants was conspicuous.

Her eyes went to it right away and her face got redder.

"Lucky her" she said without taking her eyes from it.

Again she floored me.

There was an awkward moment when neither of us knew what to say next.

Fortunately or unfortunately the phone rang and she scurried out of my office and back to her desk to answer it.

"No, he won't be back for several hours" I heard her say.

I looked at my watch.

"Jeez, I better get going, Julie will be waiting."

"See you later Trace" I said as I passed her desk.

"Have a good time" she replied in a suggestive manner.

"Would you like to come along?" I asked jokingly.

"Maybe next time" she replied, surprising me once again.

"I just might take you up on that "I said.

"You know where to find me" she replied.

Wow, I thought as I headed for the elevator, I"m going out to meet my sometimes girlfriend and my secretary just gave me a wide-open invitation.

It doesn't get any better than this.

Julie was standing on the corner waiting when I arrived.

She got in the car and as soon as we were in motion she had her hand on my crotch.

"Horny?" she asked.

"Fuck, yes" I replied 'thanks to you."

I thought of telling her about the exchange I had with Tracy, but I didn't want to spoil the horny mood in the car.

"Feel this" she said taking my hand and placing it between her thighs.

Her panties were soaked.

"You pee your pants?" I asked with a giggle.

" That was caused by pure, tipple grade A, pussy cream" she said, 'thanks to you."

"Fuck" I said "you're going to drive me crazy"

"If you get any hornier you'll be too hot to touch"

"My pussy already is" she answered sexily.

"You wanna play with fire?"

My cock was as hard as steel again.

She'd been tugging on it through my pants from the time she got in the car.

I could see the motel sign up ahead and not a minute too soon.

Between her dirty talk and her hand working my cock I was ready to go off in my pants.

When we got into the room she slipped out of her skirt and tossed it on the bed.

She walked away from me affording me the spectacle of her lovely sexy legs in white stockings, white panties clinging to her full ass.

By the time she reached the bathroom door she had shed her top to display a matching white bra.

She turned towards me and leaned on the door frame of the bathroom, striking a very sexy pose.

"Your turn" she said.

I stripped off my clothes in a flash and within seconds was standing there naked with my cock pointing straight at her.

I remained where I was for a while drinking in her sexiness and cranking my cock like a love struck schoolboy.

She motioned with her finger for me to come to her, which I did like an obedient servant.

When I got close enough she grabbed my hard-on and slowly jerked it.

I freed one of her tits from her bra and sucked the nipple until it was long and hard.

I slipped my hand into her panties to find exactly what a man hopes to feel in those circumstances.

A hot, wet, ready pussy with a clit so big I could have jerked on it like a small cock.

She leaned into me and gave me a big wet kiss with lots of tongue.

"You're gonna make me cum" she groaned into my open mouth as my fingers kept working her swollen clit.

"Isn't that why we're here?" I asked.

"Oh yessss" she moaned "Oh yessss, I"m cumming."

After her clit meted out as much pleasure as it could she grabbed my hand to stop me from further stimulating it, for the moment. 

She kissed her way down my body and accosted my cock with her hungry mouth.

The way she sucked my dick was a prime example of how an orgasm did nothing to cool her down, and I loved it. 

It wasn't long before I saw her slip her hand into her panties.

"You naughty, naughty girl" I groaned.

"Are you going to make yourself cum again?"

My words seemed to push her over the edge.

She didn't answer, just moaned loudly and slammed her thighs closed around her hand.

I felt her moans of orgasm vibrating down my shaft.

What a fiery, insatiable woman I had sucking my cock.

She had cum twice already, we weren't in the room more than twenty minutes and she hadn't even taken her panties off yet.

I remedied that by getting her to stand and stripping her naked.

We kissed and I sucked her tits for awhile, giving her clit a chance to recover.

Then I knew by the way she was cranking my rod and sucking my tongue that she was ready for more.

"You want me to eat your pussy?"

She didn't answer orally but took my hand and led me, as she backed up, to the bed.

She released my hand, lay on her back and spread her legs wide.

"Eat it and then fuck it" she said in an impassioned voice.

I was tempted to fulfill her requests in reverse order.

Her pink pussy lips were swollen and parted, glistening from her plentiful juices.

Her clit peeked out from under its hood waiting to deliver more of what she hungered for.

It took all my will power to resist the enticement to ram my raging hard-on into her luscious box.

Instead I dropped between her thighs and was immediately induced by the fragrance of a horny woman to savor her juices.

I assailed her willing slit with lips, tongue and fingers.

Her back arched and her ass rose from the bed as she pushed her crotch against my face. 

To say she came would be a monumental understatement.

I'm sure her cries could be heard out on the street that went by the motel.

And I'm glad I wasn't wearing glasses because they would have been crushed when she gripped my head tightly between her thighs as she came.

She's soon flat on her back panting.

I'm kneeling between her thighs still stroking my cock, which by now, must be wondering if it's ever going to get off.

"Let's see" I said "I've gotten you off on my fingers, gotten you off on my tongue, and you got yourself off on your fingers."

"What's left?"

"Poor you" she said, "I'm having all the fun."

"Lie back and let me suck you for a while I get my feeling back, then you can fuck me."

What feeling is that?" I asked.

"Horny" was all she said.

We exchanged places and I watched her to begin methodically sucking my cock, seeming she was more into technique than passion.

Then after a couple of minutes her demeanor changed as did the look on her face.

Suddenly she wasn't just sucking my cock, she was making love to it and appeared to be getting great pleasure from it.

Her hand seemed to be drawn irresistibly to her pussy causing her to begin groaning.

Again I felt the vibrations in my dick but this time I didn't have near as much staying power.

"Let me fuck you before I go off in your mouth" I panted.

She look up at me through half closed eyes.

"Oh yes" she moaned " fuck me, fuck me now."

She fell unto her back still fingering her voracious clit. 

I got between her thighs and rubbed the head of my dick up and down her slit.

"Oh, fuck me Brad, please fuck me."

I jammed my hard-on into her full length and fucked her frantically.

She came almost immediately, sinking her fingernails into my back as she did.

Then my long-suffering cock finally got its reward, it erupted shooting stream after stream of my mind-blowing pleasure into her.

I have to say I have never been with a hornier, ever ready woman.

I think I'm in love.

Next chapter..Julie, Tracy and I?????