 Wow the feedback has been overwhelming and very encouraging. I hope you enjoy the second chapter and let me know if you want me to write a third chapter. 

* * * * *

I told Helen that Ken and Jay were stopping by her place Thursday evening because I needed to cover something with them. I suggested that Helen remain in her professional business attire until they left. I did not let on to her that they expected to fuck her. I had picked up some wine for the evening and when I decanter it I added an aphrodisiac to it. Helen was drinking wine and I was drinking beer when Ken & Jay arrived. Helen had started to feel the effects of the wine and aphrodisiac and had forgotten that they were coming over.

I let them both in and they sat in the living room with Helen and me. They couldn't take their eyes off of her and stared at her shapely legs. Helen was getting hot and I asked her if she was a little warm. "Yes, I am I think it is the wine," she replied. I suggested she take off her suit jacket and I offered to help her. As she stood up it was clear that she was feeling the effects of the doctored wine.

"Guys I don't think just the jacket will be enough, why don't you help me take off the rest of her clothes," I said to them. Helen just stood there balancing herself against me as Ken and Jay moved toward her. Ken began to unbutton her blouse as Jay worked on her skirt. Helen weakly protested but she was to far gone to be taken seriously. Jay had removed her skirt and Ken her blouse as she stood there in her bra, panties, and garter belt and nylons.

Ken next unclasped her bra freeing her tits and Jay unsnapped and removed her garter belt. Both the guys were sporting erections pushing out their pants like tents. Jay and Ken each removed one of her nylons and then they both slid her panties down and off her legs. Helen's pussy was sopping wet by now. The guys played with her fingering her pussy and tweaking her tits and nipples. "Let's take this up to her bedroom guys," I said leading the way. Helen walked to her bedroom supported by Ken as he played with her tits. Jay walked behind them fondling Helen's ass.

I had Helen lay on her back as the guys removed their clothes. Ken fucked Helen first and then Jay. They were so hot I knew they would come quickly. Helen was in heat and couldn't get enough cock. I fucked her next knowing that I would last longer bringing Helen to multiple orgasms while the guys recuperated. Helen was moaning and cumming all over the place when I finally filled her pussy with the third load of cum.

Ken and Jay were ready to go again when I told them that we were going to treat Helen to her first triple penetration. Key and Jay were both about the same size 8" and coupled with mine 9" Helen would be filled with 2 feet of cock. I lay on my back and had Helen straddle my cock taking all the way in her cunt. I told Jay to lube up her asshole with the cream on her nightstand and Ken could take her mouth. Jay buried his cock in Helen's ass as Helen sucked Ken's dick into her mouth. We got a rhythm going and Helen began moaning on Ken's cock, "Oh this is incredible, fuck me, fuck me in all my holes."

We fucked Helen for hours with each of us cumming in her mouth, ass and pussy. She lay on her bed almost lifeless with come leaking from all three of her holes. The guys showered and dressed and took off. I ran the Jacuzzi bath for Helen and myself. As we relaxed in the tub massaged by the jets and soothed by the bath oils, Helen came back around. "That was the most unbelievable sex I have ever had in my life," she said. "Me too, that was my first group session," I answered. "How did it feel to have 2 feet of cock in you at the same time," I asked her. "With all that cum that you guys left in me, it still feels like I have all that cock inside me," she sighed.

Helen leaned back against me and I reached around and played with her tits lovingly. I told her that I had a plan for her. First of all we still had our girlfriends and we did not want to make them suspicious. I said that I would still come over on Tuesday evenings, Ken would come over on Wednesday evenings and Jay would come over on Monday evenings. On Thursday evenings all three of us would come over for her triple treat. Helen giggled, "I will definitely need the weekend to recuperate from that schedule." The plan was put into action and Helen had all the cock she needed.

The following Thursday after the three of us had our individual fuck sessions with Helen we arrived at her home. She didn't need any aphrodisiac this time and was more than ready. I told Helen to lie on her back while I ate her pussy and Ken and Jay sucked on her tits. She went wild and came all over my face. Then I had Jay fuck her pussy. After they both orgasmed, I flipped her over on her stomach and told Ken to fuck her in the ass. Jay put his cock in her mouth and she coaxed him back to an erection. Ken shot a load in her ass and then I put her on her back and I fucked her pussy.

We kept this routine up. Next was Jay in her ass, then Ken in her pussy and finally me in her ass. All the time there was a cock in her mouth as well. Helen now had three loads of cum in her pussy and asshole. It was time for her triple treat again and she once more was filled with 2 feet of cock. Jay was in her mouth, Ken in her pussy and me in her ass. We surprised ourselves that night with our stamina as we rotated through all of Helen's holes once more. She was sexually drained, exhausted and almost lifeless as she lay on her bed dripping with cum.

We all showered and left while Helen was still in bed. I drew a bath for her and helped her in the tub and kissed her goodnight. I went home with my balls emptier than they had ever been. I was sure glad that I did not have to see Karen that night.

Helen meets Karen

Karen suspected something was going on and confronted me. She threatened to break it off with me if I didn't tell her what was up. As much as I loved fucking Helen and I did not want to lose out on fucking my hot girlfriend Karen. So I told Karen about my Tuesday evenings with Helen but I did not tell her about Jay, Ken and our four-ways.

To my surprise Karen was not that upset. She told me she would have had my ass if it had been Marcia who always had the hots for me. I told Karen that it all started when we had a little too much to drink and since then we had sex every Tuesday. Karen wanted to know all about it, "Is she hot? Does she suck your cock? Have you fucked her in the ass?"

"Yes, yes and yes, next you will want to know if she eats pussy!" I retaliated. "Does she, do think she would eat mine? Karen surprised me. "Are you serious," I asked. "Sure, I think that would be so hot for our High School Principal to eat me," she said.

"I think it would be really hot if she was eating my pussy while you fucked her in the ass" Karen excitedly stated. "Would you be willing to eat her pussy while I fucked you in the ass," I asked her teasingly. "If she did me first, yes I would do it," she said convincingly. Wow I thought this is going to get hot.

I met with Helen at school at told her about Karen. At first she was put out and then smiled at me and told me that she hadn't eaten pussy since she was in college. Also the thought of my hot little Karen eating her pussy was a real turn on. "Do you think Karen will let me fuck her with my strap-on dildo," she asked. "I bet she will and I would love me to fuck her in the ass while you fuck her pussy," I replied. Helen got hot talking about it and demanded that I fuck her before I left her office. She raised her skirt and shed her panties as I lowered my pants and underwear. Helen came immediately as my cock slid into her cunt and then came three more times before I filled her pussy with my jizm.

The next Tuesday Karen and I arrived at Helen's home. Helen was casually dressed when she invited us in her home. She told us to make ourselves comfortable in the living room while she served some wine. It was obvious to me that both Karen and Helen were nervous but they both tried to hide it. Eventually the wine loosened everyone up and the small talk turned to sex. Helen openly told Karen about her escapades with me and the toys that we used some times when we fucked.

Karen was getting horny from all this talk so Helen walked over to her and had her stand up. Helen slowly undressed Karen and constantly complimented her on her looks. "You are quite beautiful, you have lovely breasts, your legs are gorgeous, and you have a marvelous ass no wonder Walt loves to fuck you in the ass," Helen went on. Karen was down to her panties and she was trembling slightly. Helen stroked her panty covered pussy and said, "My you are wet, we best take these off you." Helen removed Karen's panties easing down and off of her legs. Karen's body was filled with goose bumps as Helen stroked her all over. 

Helen knelt in front of Karen and began to kiss her thighs and stomach. She then moved to Karen's pussy and began to lick and finger her. Karen was moaning and was on the verge of an orgasm. Helen's tongue probed Karen's cunt and made contact with her clit. Karen lost it and came in Helen's mouth and on her face. Helen kept lapping up Karen's juices and telling her how sweet her pussy tasted.

Karen could not stand any longer so Helen eased her to the floor and continued to eat Karen's pussy. Helen worked fingers into Karen's cunt and her asshole while she sucked on her clit. Karen was thrashing and moaning and pushing her pussy into Helen's face. 

Walt had removed all of his clothes and moved behind Helen. He lifted Helen's skirt up to find that she was not wearing panties. Helen's cunt was sopping wet and Walt easily slid his big cock into her pussy. Helen emitted an audible gasp into Karen' pussy as Walt fully entered her. Walt fucked Helen and Helen ate Karen until all of them orgasmed again. Walt filled Helen's cunt with a torrid amount of cum.

Karen lay on her back recovering from her intense orgasms when she looked up and saw Helen straddling her face. Helen had removed all her clothes and as she lowered her pussy to Karen's mouth she said, "It's your turn my dear plus you get to suck your boyfriends cum out of my pussy." Karen began to lick Helen's pussy trying to copy what Helen did to her. "You are doing fine Karen you are going to be a good pussy eater," Helen told her. Walt had maintained his hard on and moved between Karen's legs. He lifted her legs up and pushed them back until they touched Helen's back and then he slid his engorged cock into Karen's pussy.

Karen was moaning into Helen's pussy due to the pounding Walt was giving her cunt. Helen had cum once and was on the verge of a second orgasm. Walt slid a well lubed finger into Helen's ass sending her over the edge and Helen doused Karen's face with pussy juice. Karen was cumming again as was Walt and they timed it together with both of them thrashing around on the floor. As they all came back to earth Helen said, "I think it is time to take this to my bedroom." The three naked bodies proceeded to Helen's bedroom for a continuous night of debauchery. 

To be continued...