 My ultimate fantasy was fulfilled that night. As James and I were in the throws of passion, he asked me if I still wanted two men together. Of course I was taken aback at first but the thought of it lingered in my mind. As we teased each other and brought each other the heights unimaginable, we got the idea to call my lover, Jake and invite him over for a threesome with us. It was something that Jake and I had discussed and I knew that he would be fine with it. As his phone rang, my heart was pounding through my chest, when he answered; all I did was ask him if he wanted to come join us for a night of fucking and sucking. He said that he would be there in ten minutes. 

 As James and I waited for him to arrive, we continued to play with each other and by the time he walked in the door we were beyond ecstasy. We didn’t even acknowledge him; he just removed his clothes and climbed into bed behind me. I was lost in an extremely passionate kiss with James and could feel the heat of Jake’s body behind me, as well as his hot cock pressing against my ass. I kissed James one more time as he softly told me he loved me and to turn around to Jake. I turned my body so that I was facing Jake and I could now feel his rock hard cock pressing it’s way between my legs. He started to kiss me and now I could feel James behind me. Softly my two lovers pressed me together between them and spoiled me to endless boundries. I loved the feeling of hands roaming the curves of my body, they seemed to find every crevice and enjoyed exploring them all. I felt fingers spreading my lips, opening my pussy up, and other fingers invading me, which encouraged me to spread my legs a little wider, then a tongue, I didn't know whose, began a trail from my inner thighs, working gently upwards, expectation creating goosebumps over my whole body. Then, the tongue found my wet pussy, and went to work. I was curious as to who the tongue invading me belonged to, so opened my eyes a little, I had to see, to my amazement it was Jake. I must have came three or four times before I finally couldn't stand it anymore and begged for cock.

 James grabbed one of my legs from behind and lifted so that James could enter into my aroused and juicy pussy. I felt the slightest bit of pressure as Jakes throbbing cock entered me. As he pumped me full of his erection, James gently kissed the back of my neck and softly played with one of nipples. Slowly Jake pulled out of me and spun me around so that I could have another inside me. Like clockwork, James stuffed my hot cunt full of cock. He slid in and out of me with ease as my juice slid down my leg, the more I squirmed the harder he fucked me. Just then, I decided that I wanted to be flat on my back. I needed to feel both nipples being suckled at the same time, something I have always dreamed of. I stretched out both arms and cradled their heads in the nook of my arms. Almost similtaniously they took each nipple between their lips and lightly swirled their tongues around them. I thought I was gonna cream right then. I layed there and totally enjoyed being the center of attention. I loved being spoiled like this. 

  I sat up next to them and leaned over so I could  lick and suck James' cock and sure enough he was hard as a rock, this is what I wanted, I put one leg over him and took hold of his prick and as his hands went for my breasts I guided his thick hard cock into my soaking wet pussy the feeling as the tip of it entered was fantastic, all I wanted was his full cock in me and in no time at all I was riding his full length as he pulled and sucked at my breasts and nipples. I leaned closely to Jake and kissed him with hard pressed lips. It was not long before I felt myself coming and pushed as hard as I could down on his shaft as my body was racked by the most intense feeling I have ever felt as I came over and over again. I felt his throbbing cock deep inside me and swelling to explode that thick wad of cum right at the walls of my hungry pussy. James grabbed my hips and pivoted upward to give me the full force of his blow. I could feel each shot as it squirted all over my insides. My nipples got even harder as my body shivered and a tiny squeal came from my lips as I came with him. I stayed on my honey's rod until I could feel him soften and slide out of me with his juices running between our legs. Slowly I rolled off of him and lay beside him. I was exhausted but wanted more, so I turned to Jake, who was as ready as ever to fuck my cum soaked cunt.

  Lying me on my back, Jake mounted me from above and stretched my legs open as far as they would go to guide his cock into my juicy pussy. As he brought himself to his hands and rammed all his inches into me, I felt a slight nibble on my breast. I turned my head only to find the most amazing eyes staring into mine. James had been recouping from his explosion and decided that he wanted in on this next escapade. So as I was being fucked by Jake, James was suckling on my nipples...pinching and playing, rolling them between his fingertips. James knew that I loved to have my nipples played with while I was getting rammed and now he could see my pussy being pounded and play with my nipples at the same time. 

  As I was getting my pussy filled with another man's thick cock, James had wanted his cock to be suck, so I positioned myself so that Jake's shaft was driving me from behind while I was on my kness and a mouth full of cock. I loved to suck James' cock, he was always so verbal in enjoying it. The moans always brought me to orgasm as much as the feel of the swelled head touching the back of my throat. Each time that Jake thrusted into my cunt, James's thick hot rod went deeper into my mouth. I felt his fingers entangle themselves in my hair and he held on for all he was worth. The harder I got fucked, the harder I sucked my lover's cock, the more he yanked my mane and the louder I screamed. 

  More then anything I wanted to feel the wads of both my lovers fill me at the same time. Although I didn't think it was gonna be possible this time 'round. I love the taste of a man's hot jism and I knew that James loved it when I swallowed his load. I could feel Jake starting to come close to shooting his load into my already well fucked, soaking wet cunt. So I stopped sucking James' cock and concentrated on having my next load pumped into my love hole. I bucked back against Jake and wildly rode his throbbing head. All the while I looked into James's eyes. I could see that he was loving this. I wanted so much to tell him to take that thick cock into his hand and pump it till his cum shot all over me. I knew that he must have been ready to explode sitting there seeing me being rammed from behind. I brought myself up abit so that Jake could fondle my breats as he continued to fuck my from behind, but Jake had other ideas. He flattened me onto my tummy and grinded his cock deeper into my hole until he shot thick cum into me to mix with James'. As the last drop entered my cunny, he pulled out of me and the juice that flowed from that pussy was outragous. 

I was not finished yet though, I still had another load to come but I knew where I wanted that one. I shifted back up onto my knees and proceeded to slowly tease James' dick with my tongue. I wrapped my hand around the base of it and pumped little tiny strokes, this drove him wild. The whole time I never took my lips from around that rod. Gently I took my hand away and with one quick movement, I swallow his cock back and shifted my throat so that it would close around the head of James sweet cock. Quickly I drew back until just the head was at my lips and back down again I went to engolf every inch. This time when my head came up I took James cock from my lips and with quick pumps, I rubbed his knob with my hand. He bucked up his hips and I knew that he was getting close. I gently pressed my hand onto his pelvic region so that I could feel the pressure build up inside him until he let out a loud, low moan and said, "Here it comes Baby" With that my lips found the head again and waited to be filled with another load of fuck juice. When his cock finally stopped spasming, I had a whole mouthful of hot cum. Sweetly I rolled it around in my mouth to savor the taste and with a huge grin looked at them both and took one deep swallow......Smiles all around!!!!