 Since I was a teenager I had a fantasy: going to the doctor and pretending I had a pain in the tailbone. I would undress from the waist down, pull down my panties and bend over, then open my butt cheeks, flashing my tight wet pussy at the doctor. What happened next varied. I imagined getting caressed, spanked, or fucked.

It never happened when I was a teen. My real doctors, when I visited them for a usual checkup or the occasional flu were family friends so I wouldn't dare. Beyond that, they didn't fit my aesthetics. They were sweet and friendly. I fantasized about something more dominant, more adult. The gender of the doctor didn't seem to matter to me since I always felt bi-curious. But their attitude mattered a lot, they had to be serious not sleazy. 

In Norway, I was fighting with boredom and loneliness. I had things to do and people are fine but I couldn't connect and I missed the interpersonal connection. Simple encounters like talking to a clerk, a police officer or a doctor, became more important to me.

Being alone, and a single female in a foreign country allowed more freedom than when I lived with my parents. Sexual freedom that is. But I didn't want to be seen as a slut.

I guess that is why this fantasy crept back to my conscious. It had a really small chance of working but if it did it would be such a tease and a treat.

I would make three attempts on different GPs to see what would come of this.

The first doctor I flashed was a man in his fifties. He was surprised and smiled. As if he thought it was my first time in the doctor and didn't know what to do. He quickly corrected my position and check my tailbone. He told to use a pillow when sitting and check my posture. If it didn't improve I was to visit him again. Very professional.

The second GP was a woman. She figured me from the start and ended my game immediately sending me on my way. It didn't help that I was giggling and having too much fun. When she briefly lost her temper and whipped my butt with her stethoscope I got goosebumps in my body and reached down to rub myself.

I wasn't sure I wanted to do a third attempt. I got nothing from them apart from the stethoscope whipping that made my vagina tingle but even that didn't justify the money I had paid.

It was Friday night though and going back to my empty house wasn't appealing to me. I preferred the waiting area of a new GP I found. Sitting healthy among the others gave me some guilt for delaying the doctor. But I also rejoiced to know that I was okay. 

The waiting room was full. They were actually two practices under the same roof. I was there for the GP so I figured some patients would be for one physician and some for the other. People were sneezing and coughing. I was second from the last and wasn't going to sit among them. I didn't want to get sick just to flash my ass to a doctor, but when I set eyes upon him I decided that he had to see my butt.

The door of his office opened to allow the next patient to enter and I had a good look at him. He wasn't a god or anything. He was in his forties, and he had a big angular head with full black hair and a serious look on his face. There was nothing cute about him. I liked that.

I was going to wait it out for him. I asked his secretary if she could give me a call when it was my turn and she agreed. I went for a walk thinking about the doctor's reaction to my view. By the time the secretary called me saying that I was up any minute now, I was hot from excitement and my pussy was wet.

When I walked in the waiting room, a couple with the woman being pregnant came behind me. I gave precedence and she and her husband thanked me in front of the doctor. The other patient that was after me in line agreed also. While they were inside I went to the bathroom.

They passed me again on their way out and I finally entered the examining room. The doctor looked imposing even sitting on his office chair and I realized that he was tall. While he was taking all my data and giving me admiring looks my heart was beating fast and my body felt hot. I didn't feel like that with the other two doctors and wondered if I managed to get the flu.

"What's troubling you Chrysa?" he said with good English.

"I have pain at the end of my spine. At the top of where, my butt starts..." I said, blushing, and with my hand, I pressed at the point.

"Let's see," he said and I jumped up with an ever-widening smile that I managed to swallow.

Facing the door I opened my jeans and pushed them down. Down went my panties as well and bending I pulled my ass cheeks open. My heart was beating faster and the pulsation was felt in every part of my body. My pussy was soaked.

The doctor didn't say a thing. He just watched behind his desk. All I could hear was his breathing, the next patient outside coughing and his secretary talking on the phone.

"Not there like that... let's go to the examination table," he said and got up.

I turned around. And our eyes met. He was looking at my pussy. I walked to the table and lay on the narrow end with my ass hanging and my legs reaching the ground with my toes.

He cleared his throat. "Show me where it hurts Chrysa," with a voice that in the middle of the sentence lost its colour and became hoarse and passionate.

"There, all that part," I said.

With one hand I held my tight ass cheek and with other I gestured that the "pain" started from the top of my ass, and ended where my wet vagina ended.

He cleared his throat again and told me to stay like that and he would be right back.

"Sure doctor, I will wait," I said in disbelief that my fantasy had moved that far.

He left the room from another door. Not knowing what would happen next made me sweat but I had a good feeling.

When he came back he was with another woman that was dressed elegantly. She was in her forties and just as tall and lean as he was. She came next to me looking straight in my eyes.

"Hi Chrysa, I am Marit, Doctor Jan's wife and a surgeon. I heard that you have a problem."

I turned sideways, resting my chin on my palm that plunged my elbow into the soft bed. I took a good look at them from head to toe. Doctor Jan had turned red from the excitement and he had a raging erection that pushed on his trousers. Doctor Marit wasn't visibly aroused but didn't appear angry or threatening.

"I have a pain in my butt... it starts from the top of my butt and reaches the front where my vagina is... Do you know what it is?"

He looked at her wife. "Show us again Chrysa as you showed me!"

I resumed position and demonstrated again.

"Hold your butt open like that! Tell me how it feels," she said.

Squeaky and snapping sounds annoyed my ears as if someone was putting on latex gloves.

I felt a finger tracing my pussy from the outside and making its way in. I moaned from the time it touched my outer labia and I was gasping by the time the finger entered me and explored deeper.

"Is this where it hurts Chrysa?" Doctor Marit said.

"Yes Doctor," I said breathlessly, rocking my head up and down

"You can get up now," she said and snapped the gloves off.

She looked at her husband and then me. "I think you need treatment from Doctor Jan. If you don't have anything arranged for your Friday night we can treat you after we close the practice."

"I am free for the night..." I said looking at both of them.

The last patient spent half an hour inside. The secretary approached me with concern and asked me if everything was fine.

"They will be," I said and waved her goodnight.

When the last patient left, Dr Marit came out and told me to follow her. She had her shirt open showing her cleavage and a hint of a smile on her face.

"Ready?" she asked as she led me in an office. It had an empty IKEA table in one wall and the other wall was covered with empty IKEA bookshelves. The floor was covered with thick grey carpet.

She stripped down to her underwear leaving only her shirt on. Despite being twenty plus years older than me she could keep up. Her body was slim and toned and she had chiselled abs.

"I won't participate in your treatment Chrysa... but I will monitor the proceedings. You can undress now. Doctor Jan is coming soon."

I removed my clothes and she took them from me, placing them in the bookshelves by the wall.

"You can play with yourself if you want..." she said with one hand in her pants and the other rubbing a nipple.

I caressed my body. "I'm afraid I'm going to come if I touch myself right now!"

A minute later, Dr Jan came in the room and closed the door behind him. He wore his socks, a condom on his erect cock and a white T-shirt.

"Let's begin," he said.

He helped me sit on the table. We sensually touched each other's body and I lay back looking at the doctor standing tall in front of me. He came closer until our parts touched. One after the other, I rested my raised legs on his chest and shoulders. I couldn't see what was happening between my legs but I felt the head of his penis enter me and slowly move deeper. I moaned and smiled at the stranger that filled my pussy.

His wife came beside him. "Your treatment just started. Tell us if you feel any discomfort."

"OK!" I said and signalled him to start by wrapping my legs around his ass and pulling him on me. He gradually picked up speed until he was making me scream with joy.

"I think she wants it faster," his wife said and my lover turned me around and, grabbing by my hips, hammered my cunt until I came.

I climbed up on the table and looked at them kissing. She took off the rubber and went on her knees, sucking the throbbing veiny cock. She knew how to please him. It looked to me that he was getting more pleasure from her lips than my pussy.

I came down from the table and kneeled next to her. Some distance apart though because it was their moment and I didn't want to overstep my place.

I caught Marit's attention as she masterfully licked her husband's dick and drew me closer. I was looking at her as she pulled the shiny cockhead from her mouth and pulling Jan by the penis he moved him closer to me.

I was looking at her and the cock enchanted as she jerked him off. Then Jan groaned as his cum ejaculated on to my face. It was a lot. Way more than I expected possible. He really emptied his balls and I couldn't stop laughing as jizz hangs in ropes from my chin.

Marit sucked the last drop from Jan's cock and she took my hand, lifting me up with her.

"How did you like your treatment? Feeling better?" she said.

"It was perfect. Thank you!"

The couple led me to a bathroom so I could wash my face and insisted on driving me home.

As we stopped in front of my building they gave me their cards. They had my phone from the personal information I gave for the appointment.

"You could benefit from more treatment..." Marit said.

"We can do it for free and even visit you at home!" Jan said.

"I'd love to have you at my place!" I said and kissed them on the cheek goodnight.

After a few days, Marit called. "Ready for another treatment, Chrysa?"

"Sure! But... Can we do it in the middle of a working day when I have a day off? My building is empty then and I prefer it. I don't want to get a bad name..."

"I'm sure we can find the time. And Chrysa, there is another great doctor, Ricardo. Do you mind if I invite him to our session."

"I thought it was going to be the three of us like last time..."

"Ricardo will be there for me and not you."

"OK, then it's a deal," I said and we laughed nervously.

They came by my place at Tuesday around noon. I cleaned my small cosy apartment. It was just a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom.

The bell rang and I opened the door and greeted them. Jan was to the left, the taller of the trio. Marit was in the middle, a hair shorter, and to the left was Ricardo with crow dark hair and a well-trimmed beard. They were very smartly dressed in suits. They looked more like lawyers than doctors.

"Ricardo, this is Chrysa," said Jan after noticing that we stood by the door for some time.

"Come in! I have you standing there so long," I said and welcomed them to my house.

"It's not a big place as you can see... and I don't drink so I have water and candy."

"It's full of heart, I like being here," said Marit after observing the house and Ricardo nodded in agreement.

"Don't worry about the space... We know what we want to do and how..." Jan said looking at me with sexual gluttony in his eyes.

"Do we begin?" said Ricardo and the couple agreed.

They left their laptop bags on a chair by the table and Marit and Ricardo went to the bedroom. Jan started undressing in front of me in the kitchen. From the bedroom, I could hear their wet kisses and peeping I saw the two of them sitting on my bed taking each other's clothes off.

I reached into my yoga pants and rubbed my pussy.

Jan pressed his naked body on mine, pinning me against the frame of the door and caressing me all over with his big strong hands. He started by kissing my neck and he removed one item of clothing after another until I was completely naked, then his kisses reached every part of my body.

When I last saw the others, Marit was blowing Ricardo. Jan pulled me away and sat me at the kitchen table. He took a chair and sat in front of me and dined on my wet pussy. His tongue went in and out and all around making me scream.

He got up and I looked at him like he was my saviour. "Did that please you, Chrysa?"

I nodded my head in agreement.

"My turn now!" he said and as I tried to get off the table to give him a blowjob he stopped me, grabbing me by my wrists.

Sitting at the edge of the table I looked at his face that from time to time twitched from lust. I looked away when I heard moaning from the bedroom.

A slap on my right cheek stunned me. It was enough to make a sound and sting but not hurt. For sure he got my full attention. He back slapped me and once more and then kissed me passionately.

I felt weird. Every time he slapped me I felt a little ashamed but then he kissed me. For sure I was turned on and not afraid.

I left my hands down on the side grabbing the table's edge and left him to do his thing.

With one hand he masturbated me and with the other, he slapped my face and nipples. The more I moaned the faster the slapping became, making my face burn.

When he had enough of that game he grabbed me by the hair and brought our lips together and our tongues explored as he continued to finger me. Finally, he lay me belly down on the table and slapped my ass. This time it wasn't the gentle slaps I got on my face and breasts. Every slap sent my booty in a shake and by the time one cheek stopped moving the other had the same treatment.

He was telling me to hold my butt cheek as he slapped them. I got spanked from the top, from behind on my thighs. It hurt, I was screaming and my ass was on fire but my pussy was dripping.

All the commotion brought Ricardo by the door to see what the fuss was about.

Jan didn't stop. He grabbed me by the jaw and turned my face to look at the other man. He spanked me hard a couple of times before burying his hard cock in my hole that was aching for his dick's attention.

I moaned and screamed like an animal caught in a trap as it rained cock and spanks on my body. The pleasure was amplified by Ricardo standing there and watching me get fucked. He was stroking his cock and when he saw enough he closed the door between the rooms leaving me alone with Jan.

He rested on me on the table and his sweaty body touched mine as he slowly thrust his hips.

"You pleased me immensely Chrysa! Do you like it?"

"Yes..." I said reluctantly, hiding my answer from myself more than Jan.

"Come, we have more to do. But in the end I have gifts for you."

We took our game on the floor. I went on all fours and he licked my pussy again before mounting me. We fucked hard until I came and collapsed to the floor.

Jan sat on a chair and took a bottle of water. He took a sip then passed it to me. I greedily drank realizing how thirsty and sweaty we both were.

From where I was sitting I could see that he was still hard.

"Time for your first gift you little whore... It tastes great!"

I smiled and moved closer to him. As I was blowing him he lay back and enjoyed it moaning all the time.

His wife came in naked and took two water bottles from the table. She smiled at me as I gazed up and she sat next to us.

When Jan came in my mouth she encouraged me to take the whole load. I struggled because it was a lot and too fast but I did it and swallowed it all.

They kissed and I got up. When Ricardo came to the room I hurried to wipe some of the sperm around my mouth. As if this was the most embarrassing thing he had seen me do.

My three guests got dressed while I watched naked. I had to clean the house and have a bath before wearing new clothes.

We said goodbye and I set to clean. Under the pillow on my bed I found an envelope with 1000 Krone. It read 'The second gift for my little whore'.

"I guess that is his fantasy," I thought and threw the money in a drawer of the table. My real reward was a positive memorable sexual experience.