 When I first met my husband he was more like a good friend than some one I could date. In fact I looked at him like a big brother, because for one he was older than me, and for two he was always there when I needed him. I knew him for two years before he told me how he felt about me. He had waited until I broke up with my boyfriend and asked him to come get me. One night I called Chaz to talk to him about when he would be there and that was the night he told me he was in love with me. At first I was not sure what to say but then I told him I loved him too. Chaz was with some one at the time but they were not getting along. I moved in with them for a while until Chaz and I could get a place of our own. We got married four months after we got together. We were so happy together and our sex life was amazing but I wanted to spice it up a little. I had a threesome when I was younger and enjoyed it very much. So I suggested to my husband that we have one, at first he said he did not think he could do it, but then I told him we could have another female. He really liked the idea of that and already had some one in mind. Chaz had a crush on this girl who worked at the gas station close to us. Her name was Jess, she was about five foot two, with short brown hair, brown eyes, and the cutest smile. She was this perky petite young girl who always smiled at Chaz when he would go in there. 

I had invited Jess over to our house for dinner but did not tell Chaz about it. I had talked to Jess about having a threesome with Chaz and I and she said she would love to do that. Jess said she never had a threesome before but had always wanted to try it. She showed up before Chaz got home from work, she had on a black short skirt with a red low cut shirt, and a pair of red high heels. Jess looked amazing I knew Chaz with love the way she looked. We went into the kitchen I opened up a bottle of wine and poured us a couple glasses. Then we went in the living room where we sat by the fire place and started talking. Jess told me she was working at the gas station and going to school to be a Social Worker. As we were talking Chaz came home and was surprised to see Jess there. I followed him back to our bedroom, he asked me what Jess was doing there, and I told him. "She is part of a little surprise I have for you tonight." He looked at me and asked what I meant by that. I asked him if he remembered when we talked about having a threesome and he said yes. Then I told I told him that Jess agreed to have that threesome with us. He got a big smile on his face like a kid who just got a new toy for Christmas. We went back into the living room where Jess was sitting on the couch drinking her wine. Chaz went over sat down next to her and put his hand on her leg. I went in the kitchen to make Chaz a drink when I came back Jess and Chaz were kissing. 

"I see you two started without me!"

Jess looked at me and said. "Well why don't you come and join us!" I walked over sat next to Chaz and started to rub his already bulging cock. I could tell it was wanting to be released so I unzipped his jeans and let him out. Then I took my hand and slowly began to stroke it. As I was stroking him he reached over and pinched Jess's nipple. She let out a little moan then told him to do it again. I stood up told them to stand up and get undressed. After we all were undressed I asked Chaz who he wanted to fuck first. He said he wanted Jess first so I let him fuck her while he ate my pussy. She climbed on him and began to ride him as I climbed on his face so he could eat me. Jess and I were facing each other so I could see the look of pleasure on her face. Chaz spread my pussy lips apart licked my clit and shoved four fingers in my pussy. I let out a moan of my own and as I did Jess pressed her lips against mine as to silence my moan. Before I knew it she was shoving her tongue in my mouth and teasing my tongue with her's. As we were kissing I reached down and pinched her nipples. Chaz was sucking and biting on my clit I wanted to cum so bad but waited. I wanted to make sure it was a good orgasm so I held it in as long as I could. Jess was really pounding her hips into Chaz I could tell he was enjoying it because the harder she pounded her hips into him the harder he sucked my clit. My body began to shake and I knew I was about to come I could feel the orgasm coming. I let out one long loud moan as I came so hard I never thought I would stop. When I finally did stop Chaz told me that my juices tasted so good that he wanted more. 

"Well baby if you want more you have to follow Jess and I out to the hot tub."

On my way out back I grabbed us a bottle of wine and three glasses. When I got out there Chaz had Jess on the edge of the hot tub, he was eating her pussy, and I could tell she was enjoying it. She had her legs spread wide apart was leaning on her elbows and was moaning in delight. I walked over to the table opened up the wine and poured me a glass. Then I went over sat on the edge of the hot tub so I could watch them as they played. I sat there watching my husband suck on the clit of another woman and all I could think about was how I wanted to taste her. I wanted to be the one sucking her clit and making her cum. As I was watching them I pulled the bottoms of my swim suit to one side so I could play with my own clit. I took it between my thumb and index fingers and pulled on it a little. I saw Chaz stick four fingers inside of Jess' pussy and I wanted to do the same to myself. With my other hand I took four of my fingers and shoved them deep in my pussy. The more I could hear her moan the harder I fucked myself. Jess told Chaz to pound that pussy because she was about to cum. He took his fingers and really pounded her pussy with them. As he was doing that I shoved my fingers deeper in me so that I could cum too. 

"Oh my Chaz I am about to cum!" Jess said as she let out another loud moan. A few minutes later I could hear her moan real loud then say. "Yes I am cumming!" Chaz took his fingers out of her pussy licked the juices off of them and told her. "Wow you taste delicious!" I looked over at Chaz told him that I wanted him so he jumped up on the edge of the hot tub. I slowly walked over to him as I was taking off my swim top. When I reached him I spread his legs apart and found his already hard cock. It was waiting for the wetness of my mouth to be wrapped around it so I gave in to it. I gently took it into my hand stroking it up and down a few times, before I give it the pleasure of my wet mouth. I wanted to tease him some before I gave him pleasure. So I took my tongue and ran it up and down his long hard cock a couple times. Then I ran my tongue over the top of it a few times. I knew he was enjoying this because he began to moan. I had lost track of Jess but found out where she was when I felt her hand between my legs. I had never had a woman touch me before but have to admit it felt good. She found her way to my clit and proceeded to play with it. At first I jumped a little then I relaxed as she played some more. Chaz looked down at me and asked. "What is she doing to you?"

"She is playing with my clit and oh boy does it feel good!" It did feel good and I wanted to make her feel just as good. So I reached back behind me and felt for her pussy. When I finally found it, I spread her pussy lips apart, so that I could get to her clit. Her pussy was so smooth and felt good. I had wondered if she tasted as good as she felt. I stuck four of my fingers into her pussy and started to fuck it. Jess moaned and told me not to stop because it felt so good. What she did not know was I did not want to stop. I wanted to make her cum so that I could taste it to see how sweet she tasted. I was trying not to take my focus off of Chaz but was having a hard time focusing. I turned my focus back to him for a few minutes making sure he was well taken care of. I stroked his cock up and down as I sucked harder on it. He started to moan louder each time I stroked that cock of his. I could feel it throbbing in my hand and knew it would not be long before he came. While I was stroking him I did not notice that Jess' body was shaking. Wow could I make them both cum at the same time? Pounding her with one hand and stroking him with the other. Waiting to see who would cum first was killing me. The next thing I knew the both of them began to moan real loud. The both of them were shaking uncontrollably, I could feel Chaz shoot his huge wod into my mouth, I then felt her juices flowing down my fingers. After I swallowed what he just gave me I took my fingers and licked her juices off of them. 

"Oh my goodness Jess, Chaz was right you do taste good." I wanted more of her but I figured we all had enough that night. I then suggested that we all go in the house and maybe watch a movie. . We all went into the house to see if we could find a good movie to watch. The three of us were sitting on the couch and as I was flipping the channels I could see Chaz starring at Jess. I was wondering if he had gotten enough of her tonight or if he wanted more. I finally stood up to go into the kitchen and asked Chaz to join me. Once we got in there I asked him what he was doing and wanted to know if he wanted more of her. 

"Baby you know I can never get enough sex. Yes I would love to have her again but not if it will make you mad."

"It don't bother me if you want her again but I'm done for tonight. If you want you two can go in our room and have more fun."

We walked back into the living room to find Jess was lying on the floor propped up on some pillows. Chaz walked over to her and told her to follow him into the bedroom. As they went into the bedroom I went to check my mail online. When I signed on I had noticed that my friend Brad was on. I instant messaged him so I could tell him what had happened that night. I had talked to Brad about doing this for Chaz and he thought it was a good idea. As I was talking to Brad I could hear Jess say "Oh Chaz fuck me harder I want to cum for you." It made me happy that they were having a good time. After I told Brad what happened that night he asked me if I enjoyed it. I told him that I did very much and I wanted to do it again. Brad asked me if I had thought if Jess would be up to a threesome again. I told him I was not sure. I knew she enjoyed it but was not sure if she would join us again. A hour later Chaz and Jess finally came out of the bedroom and came into the den where I was.

"Who are you talking to baby?" Chaz asked me as he put his hands on my shoulders. 

"Brad! I'm telling him about our adventurous night of pleasure."

I told Brad I had to go, signed off, and went back into the living room with Chaz and Jess. Chaz laid down on the couch as Jess and I laid down on the floor. I leaned over and asked her if she enjoyed my husband and she said she did very much. Then I asked her if she would be up to doing it again she looked over at me and said. "The only way I will do it again is if you say it is ok and if you join in. Don't get me wrong your husband is good but I liked you better." I was shocked I did not realize she felt that way about me. Later that night after Jess left Chaz and I were in bed and I told him what she said. He was happy to hear that she wanted to do it again. Then again he was worried that she liked me more. I told him not to worry I would never leave him for a female. I told him I loved cock better than I did pussy. 

I called Jess the next day to set up another date the coming up weekend and she said yes. This time I wanted to try something different so I planned it where Chaz would walk in on Jess and I playing. Jess showed up and she told me she had a very nice surprise for me and Chaz. When I asked her what it was she lifted her dress to show me she had on a black bra and panty set with black stockings and a black garter belt. I wanted to take her right there but I controlled myself and waited. We went into the kitchen got a bottle of wine and a couple glasses. It was only 4:30 and Chaz would not be home until 6:00 so we went out in the back yard. We sat down on a couple of lounge chairs we had out there. I asked her why she wanted to be a Social Worker. Jess told me she lost her dad when she was eleven and her mom abused her. Then she told me that there was a Social Worker that placed her into a foster home and made sure she was ok. She would come and check on Jess to see if she needed anything. Jess wanted to be there for a child like that Social Worker was there for her.

I looked down at my watch and realized it was already 5:30 so I filled Jess in on my plan. We waited another twenty minutes then we took our dresses off. Jess still had her bra and panty set on and I went and put on a pink teddy. We both sat on one chair then began to kiss. Her lips felt so soft and tasted so sweet. They tasted almost like a sweet strawberry. As I was kissing her I reached over and grabbed her breast. They were huge and felt so good in my hand. I slid her bra off her shoulder so that I could get to her breast better. Her nipple was rock hard and sticking straight out. Just as I went to suck on it Chaz walked in the back yard. 

"I see how you two are you started without me."

"Well get your butt over here and join us!" I told him as I bent back down and sucked that nipple that was waiting for me. Chaz stripped down to his boxers and joined in on the fun.