 A good night out with friends that had come to an end. The three of us collapsed on the sofa, my head tucked under your arm, your hand draped around my shoulder resting on my breast. I spread my legs out over our friend, all relaxed and still very under the influence.

The soft core film on the TV making my mind drift to possibilities of pleasure. I can feel your cock growing in your jeans as you watch the girl on the screen being romanced in many different positions. Your fingers lightly tracing over my nipple. I push myself into you letting you know the images and your touch are having an effect on me.

Our friend is obviously quite happy too, his hands absent mindedly stroking my legs under my dress. Each time getting a little higher up my thigh. I look at his face and the smile tells me he would like to go higher if it is ok.

I reposition myself a little, giving him access to my most private areas if he wanted, I look at you to see your reaction. You watch him move his hand up under my skirt towards my pussy. You are looking right into my eyes and see the moment he touches me as my lips part and my eyes close a little, I feel your cock twitch under me.

You two exchange words but I am oblivious as his fingers trace the outline of my pussy lips, the wetness soaking through to meet his fingers. Your hand on my breast squeezing in time with my moans, you lean down and kiss me deeply, making me moan.

His hand moves my panties out of the way and he pushes his fingers into me, I open my legs and give in to you both, moaning and grinding against all of the contact I am given.

I close my eyes as I feel my dress being pushed up over my parted legs and my underwear removed. My breasts released as my dress pulled down underneath them.

You move me and lay my head down on the sofa. I feel your hot cock against my lips, I open my mouth and you moan as you feel my tongue make contact. I turn my head to take you into my mouth just as he pushes his hard cock into my cunt. I gasp mouth wide open, you plunge your cock into my mouth, holding my head you fuck my hot mouth as he pounds my cunt.

I want to cum so much, my pussy contracting as I feel you both moving in and out of me. You wrap your hands into my hair and move my head with you your eyes closed and head back.

Suddenly you both stop and you tell me to get on the floor down on my knees.

I kneel in front of you expecting you to make me suck you again, but you just smile wickedly and move round behind me, your friend taking your place. You hold your cock in your hand and rub it up and down my wet cunt. I move with you my body begging to be fucked. Your friend guides himself close to my mouth and you watch as I tease his cock with my tongue, my breasts swinging freely as I move. I can taste myself on him as I start to take him deep into my throat, he moans as my lips caress him.

You rub harder against my cunt and push yourself into me making my mouth bump against his stomach. You both gasp out loud as the feelings take over. I suck hungrily moving down his cock every time you push into me, deeper and deeper.

He wraps his hands in my hair and slides in and out of my mouth. I rub my clit as you fuck me hard, one hand on my hips the other under my breasts feeling my hard nipples brushing across them.

I moan louder and you both know I’m going to cum hard against your cock. You watch as your friend moans and pushes into my mouth, squirting his hot cum down my throat. Mercilessly using my mouth as he cums. My cunt squeezes hard and I am cumming against your cock over and over against milking it for what I can get. You moan out load as you fuck deep into me, cumming inside, pounding over and over as you cum, using me against your cock.