 [[This story includes, but is not limited to, a woman with only one breast, oral, coitus and sex play among the people attending the Grand Opening. Please read "My Invitation" first. It will give you the background for this story. If the reality of breast cancer and the physical and emotional possibilities of it are not something you can read about, don't read this story. If, you believe as I do that what happens to us is not nearly as important as what we do with what happens to us, read on. I welcome feedback and comments, especially from women.]]

*

Three days before Opening Night I called Kim just to make sure she was still planning to go with me. Business had me traveling for the weeks just before the opening and our contact had been by email only. I had arrived back in town just hours before I called her number. She answered the phone by saying, "I'm already wet, in anticipation of Friday night."

I smiled and asked, "Have you something appropriate to wear?"

"You mean something that covers my naughty bits and leaves me open to exploration?"

"Yes! That would be ideal."

"See through is Ok?"

"I'm certain it is more than Ok."

"Then I'm ready. I want to dress for ease of removal between my house and the club. You Ok with that or would you like me in a little black dress and heels?"

"Ease of removal is my favorite style on you. I caution you against wearing expensive shoes to this party. I would think we will be spending lots of time without our shoes on and I wouldn't want someone to go home in your expensive shoes, by mistake."

"I wondered about that. I have some older heels that will go quite well with what I'm barely wearing."

"If you're Ok with this plan, I will pick you up at five. At six the limo will pick us up at my house. We will arrive at or before six-thirty. By eight I think we will be eating."

"The limo?"

"Yes. I found out yesterday that the first twenty people who made reservations were offered limo service at no cost."

"Ok! How about if I take Friday afternoon off and I bring my clothes to your house and get ready there?"

"Can I play with your body before the party?"

"I was hoping you would."

"Then come on over. I'll leave work at eleven-thirty and be here by noon."

"Can I ask a question?"

"What?"

"Are you hard?"

"No. My dick is hard, I'm pretty easy."

We laughed and the call was over. On Friday I arrived home less than a minute before Kim. She carried a small bag, her purse and a garment bag. I unlocked the door and held it for her. On her way passed me she kissed me and said, "Hi Honey, I'm home." 

I quietly said, "In my dreams." I didn't think she heard me.

I showed her where she could get ready and asked if she wanted anything to drink. Iced tea. I made a pitcher. We clinked glasses and I left her alone. In my home office I heard the shower running in my bathroom. My thoughts went to when we had showered together in her bathroom. My cock liked the memory.

After four I went to the other bathroom and showered and shaved and all the stuff I do to get ready for a date where getting lucky is a 100% guarantee.

Inside the club I would be wearing a Japanese Happy Coat. It was really a short robe that covered me just beyond the dangle of my limp cock when it, the robe, was tied properly. It would be so tied while we had dinner and thereafter I intended to let the belt live alone over the back of a chair somewhere.

On the way to the club I decided to wear old jeans, old western boots and a polo shirt. Ease of removal was what Kim said. I smiled as I dressed.

We met in the living room at quarter to six. 

"We really don't have time to play, do we?" Kim asked.

"Not before we go. I plan to play with you all night long."

"I have a surprise for you. Do you want it now or at dinner?"

"Now!"

"Ok. Sit down." I sat on my couch, right in the middle. Kim was wearing old heels, thigh high nylons, a black skirt and a forest green blouse. She straddled my lap and kissed me. As we kissed she unbuttoned the blouse. 

When the kiss ended I looked down and she uncovered her breast. The nipple was now pierced and held a small gold ring with a tiny heart hanging from it. I looked closer. Engraved on the heart was an "N".

"It's my gift to you." She said. I kissed it and played with the ring and heart with my tongue.

Kim moaned and said, "I knew you would make me feel it all the way to my pussy!"

I kissed/sucked it again and she moaned again with her hands on my head. Then she pushed me back away from her nipple.

"Want the rest of the surprise?"

"Damn right!"

She flipped open the other side of her blouse and I saw another ring, another heart. If she had another breast it would have been hanging from her other nipple. As it was it hung flat to her chest where the nipple used to be. 

I didn't hesitate. I sucked the ring and heart into my mouth and played just as I had with the first one. The reaction was moans and hands holding my head to her chest. I wasn't finished playing with her new jewelry when the doorbell rang. We quickly gathered our belongings and went to the limo. Kim left everything at my house except the see-through clothes she would wear after we arrived. I took my ID, Kim's ID, a credit card and my house keys.

When we pulled away from my place the driver said, "Please review the rules for tonight. We will be stopping to pick up one more couple on our way."

We did stop in Brentwood in front of a very nice expensive home and another couple climbed in with us. They were about our ages and dressed like they had money. She was wearing a rock on the third finger of her left hand that screamed money. If it really was a yellow diamond of about four carets it was worth more than I made last year.

He was wearing an Italian suit, silk tie and also had a diamond on his hand. He shook my hand, kissed Kim's hand and introduced us to his wife. His name was Jack, his wife was Crystal. She was wearing the little silver dress, shiny sliver hose and silver high heeled sandals. The neckline was low enough on her dress that both of her "D" cup breasts were almost half exposed.

When Kim and I looked at her chest she said, "Jack bought them for me. I just love them. I spent most of my life as barely a "B" cup."

Kim said, "I'm impressed."

Jack said, "Since we'll be at the Club soon if you want to touch them you are welcome."

Crystal flipped the front of her dress down and both tits bounced into view. Kim looked and then reached for Crystal's tits. She hefted them and then leaned to the nipple of the one closest to her. She kissed it and sucked it for some time. When she let go Crystal said, "They aren't as sensitive as when they were small, but don't they look great?"

We agreed and Crystal covered them for the rest of the ride. The car stopped inside a building. None of us had paid any attention to how we got to the Club or what it looked like when we arrived.

The driver let us out and ushered us to a double doorway. A big man in a suit stood by the door. We showed our invitation and he opened the door. For the next half an hour we were video taped, signed waivers and agreements and finally were taken to the dressing/undressing/locker rooms. I put all my clothes in the locker and put on the Happy Coat. It was white with Japanese writing on it. I had no idea what the words were or meant. Jack wore a short smoking jacket that was just long enough to cover his assets. It looked expensive and gaudy. When it opened I wondered where is dick was. I saw a nest of black hair and nothing else.

We left the locker room together. When I saw Crystal I wasn't surprised. Great figure, made of plastic. She wore a thin robe that was floor length and hid nothing. Behind her I saw Kim. Her see-through robe was a light blue, barely hid her pussy at all and the gold of her new jewelry sparkled through the cobweb thick material. She was barefoot. So was I.

Jack took Crystal's elbow and guided her toward the dining room. I embraced Kim and kissed her. She took hold of something sticking out in front of me and we went into the dining room. The man in a suit at the door said, "You must keep your cock covered until nine o'clock."

Kim smiled and said, "One hand won't cover it all. I either have to swallow it or put it in my pussy."

"Just cover it with his robe." The man smiled and answered. We went to an empty table and sat down. We watched the other couples come in, look around and choose where to sit. Kim and I saw a couple come in, look around and notice Kim. She said something to her guy and then she led him to our table.

"May we join you?" He asked.

"Certainly." Kim and I answered.

They introduced themselves and we responded in kind. A silence hung over the table. I broke it.

"In a little over an hour we will see most of these people naked. We will see oral sex, anal sex, threesomes and sex from every position. Right now you want to know some things about Kim and me. Ask."

"When did you lose your breast?" Mary asked.

"I didn't lose it. A doctor cut it off because I had cancer, four years ago."

She asked good questions and finally got to ask why Kim was here, exposed and not hiding the scars or herself.

"If seeing me gets women to check themselves more often, gets one woman to save her own life, than it's worth it for all of you to see me."

Another couple arrived at our table. She wore crotchless panties and a top that barely covered her breasts. He wore baggy shorts. They sat, introductions were made and before anything else the other couples arrived to fill our table. Five couples at each of six tables.

Dinner was served and soft music played in the background. The conversation at our table was about how we thought we got invited. I had no clue. I didn't see anyone I knew in the thirty people having dinner. One man thought he had been invited because he donated to a museum that had a controversial art exhibition a few months ago. 

Suddenly the woman wearing a non-see-through tiny top turned to Kim and said, "You only have one breast."

"Yes. It was taken because there was cancer in it."

"They left the piercing?"

"No. I had it done weeks ago as a present for Nick."

"Oh. You give it to him and you wear it?"

"I get to look at them, play with them, kiss them, suck them and enjoy them. Sounds like a present to me, to me." I said.

"I've never seen someone so open after having breast surgery." Another woman said.

Kim explained her motivation to the people at our table. The woman closest to Kim's missing breast asked if she could trade seats with her male partner. He moved and she sat next to Kim.

"Is the scar sensitive?"

"Sometimes I think they took my breast but left all the nerves. The good part is that it doesn't hurt. You can touch, if you'd like."

We all watched as the woman slowly, tenderly touched Kim's chest. She avoided the ring and the heart. I said, "Suck on the ring."

Her eyes went up to Kim's face and Kim nodded. The woman leaned in and took the ring and heart into her mouth. Kim's head went back and she moaned. Dinner was over. Dessert had just been served.

The woman sitting to my right asked if I would move, please. I did. She sat next to Kim and immediately took the other ring and heart into her mouth. Kim's arms held the two women to her chest. She panted, moaned and said, "Yes!" often. In less than five minutes the fingers of both women were in Kim's pussy and she exploded in orgasmic bliss. They backed off and let her recover.

When Kim opened her eyes both women said, "Thank you," and sat back down.

"I guess that means dinner is officially over." One husband said. He stood and eight hard inches guided him away from the table.

I sat beside Kim and asked, "Where would you like to go? What or who would you like to do?"

"I want to try a swing." I helped her walk and we followed the signs to a swing room. We were the first arrivals. A man waited inside to assist us. We got Kim comfortable in the swing and at the perfect height for joining with me. I opened my Happy Coat and allowed my Happy body part to find it's way inside Kim. A minute later as I slowly swung her onto and off of my cock a woman came up and said, "Can I suck you, please?" to Kim.

Kim nodded and the woman walked around to Kim's side and bent to her scared side and sucked on the heart and ring. We joined and enjoyed being the focus of three other women and two men who wanted to suck and taste her breast and missing breast.

When I came inside Kim, she screamed and came as well. She was stimulated by my actions and the man and woman ministering to her chest. Hands pulled me back a little and when my cock slipped out of Kim a mouth engulfed it and cleaned me. Another mouth attached itself to Kim's cunt and sucked all the juices and cum out of her. She came twice more.

"Enough!" she cried and I stepped in, rescuing her from further stimulation.

We went to another room. There were couches around a central bed on a platform. A man was fucking the woman on the bed. The woman was Crystal. He had her folded in half, her own legs pressed against her plastic tits. His long shaft penetrated her as if he were a plastic machine fucking a plastic woman.

Kim sat on my lap and snuggled in. After a while she said, "That was so intense."

"Yes. I think something is going on between you and all those women."

"They don't even know it's me. They are making it with their biggest fear."

"What would you like to do now?"

"Get a diet Coke!"

We did. Then a couple came to us and sat by us. The man looked at us and said, "Pat has a lump. We go to the hospital on Monday. Can we talk?"

"Of course." Kim answered.

They were both anxious and scared. Talking with us and seeing how we were together helped. They said so. Kim let both of them experience touching her, tasting her and knowing she was honestly enjoying her sexuality even without two breasts. When they left us Kim said, "I'm so glad you invited me."

"So am I. I think you are glad because it has opened so many conversations with the women about what they fear. I appreciate that but it isn't why I'm glad."

"And, why are you glad?"

"Maybe I'm crazy, but I've been finally realizing something. Every time I talk with you, every time I've been with you, every time I think about being with you, I'm happier, more excited about life than I was before."

She smiled and leaned to me for a kiss. The kiss was soft and gentle. When it ended she only pulled back two inches.

"Furthermore, I am so touched by the hearts with an "N" in them. Someone else would have that mean they are a decoration for tonight. When you showed them to me I had them mean much more."

Kim smiled again and softly asked, "How much more?"

"I made it mean that you love me... almost as much as I realize I love you."

Our lips met again and her tongue entered my mouth. Her hands held my shoulders and then she ended the kiss.

"You're wrong, you know."

"I am?"

"Yes. I don't love you almost as much as you love me." She paused. "You love me almost as much as I love you."

My hands held her face and we kissed again. Her hands held my cock and inspired a full erection. Before she could do more than inspire a voice interrupted us.

"Excuse me, this is an area where food is present. The rules require you to go somewhere else to play." The fully dressed server spoke softly but made his point. We needed to take our activity to another room.

"Where would you like to go?" I asked.

"Anywhere where we can join as slowly as possible. I want to savor this joining like no other. You told me you love me."

We went to a small private room and locked the door behind us. It had not been used or the staff had cleaned it perfectly since the last visitors. The sheets on the bed were lavender and high thread count so they were soft and inviting. Beside the bed a dimmer switch allowed us to control the light intensity. Kim lowered the lights to a soft level and molded herself to me. We explored skin and feelings for a long while, standing beside the bed.

When I sat on the bed I moved so my back was against the headboard and had Kim sit between my knees facing away from me. I used the lotion from the night stand and applied it my hands, to warm it. Once it was warm I worked it into and onto her shoulders and neck. Lightly and then more firmly my strokes warmed her skin and my hands. 

She leaned forward and I worked lotion into her back. With long strokes near her spine and then out along her ribs and around to the front of her chest.

She made all the right noises as I worked her torso. I felt her body relax and her breathing slow.

I applied more lotion to my hands and then put them on her thighs. I started on the outsides and slowly worked my way to the insides. She leaned back against my chest and I found my lips near her neck. I could breathe in her scent and touch her neck with my kisses.

"Oh, Nick. You know my body better than anyone ever has. You kiss me and I melt."

My finger slowly slipped inside her vagina, feeling her slipperiness.

"I can feel you melting." I whispered.

She gently slapped my hand. I slid my fingers farther inside her. She sighed.

We sat holding and caressing for a while. I had the advantage; she was in front of me while I sat behind her. Then, she slowly turned and used her hands and mouth to pleasure me. Her kisses found my mouth and her hands massaged my shaft. I'm sure I moaned.

Her eyes looked deep into mine and I was lost in the look. Without breaking the eye to eye connection she lowered her head and took my cock in her mouth. The goal was not to get me off quickly. The goal seemed to be to get me so hot I melted in her mouth.

It almost worked. Before it did she stopped and moved onto my lap. She invaginated me and offered her breast and heart to my mouth. I accepted and took the heart on her chest in my mouth. My hand caressed her breast. She lifted an inch or so and sat back down.

Time didn't exist. The Club didn't exist. The Universe shrank to the size of the bed. Joined into a single being we moved together as one for as long as we did. When we increased the pace we smiled at each other and knew we were headed for a wonderful orgasm. A shared orgasm.

Kim's head tilted back. She took a big breath and ground her clit and pussy against me. I lifted my hips and speared up into her. We groaned, moaned and it became a bellow from me and Kim repeating, "I love you! I love you! I love you!" Louder and louder.

We dozed with her still in my lap, my arms around her waist and hers around my shoulders and neck. When I opened my eyes she said, "I'm hungry again."

We showered, dried each other and walked back to the food area. There were five or six couples sitting and enjoying snacks. We sat at a table where two other couples were eating. They saw us come in and motioned to us.

"Enjoying the evening?" A fiftyish man asked. He was mostly salt and a little pepper haired and wearing a gray Happy coat like mine. The lady beside him was no more than thirty, bottle blond with brown roots and ski slope tits. She also had a small tattoo on the side of her right breast of a scorpion.

"We are loving it."

"We are too," his lady said.

"Did you join?" He asked.

"Not yet."

"If you join before the evening ends there is a three hundred dollar discount. I'd pay the full price, but the discount is great."

I didn't say anything. I wasn't sure we wanted to join. Three seconds after I had that thought I realized I'd made an internal transition from me to we. The blond said, "I'm Janice and he's Mike. We live in Encino. Can I ask a question?"

Kim and I nodded.

"What happened?"

"I had cancer and they removed my breast to save my life."

"You sure seem healthy to us," Mike said.
