 Paul smiled and said “three things, first, take that dress off, go take a shit and empty your bladder.” I did what he said and when I finished and went back into the room he said “Ok now lay down, it is time for you to take a nap. I am going to insert these three eggs in you, and put on this lovely butterfly over your clit after I lick you to sleep. I know you are wide-awake right now, but that is the sexual excitement and the sex. You will sleep like a baby once you rest. You have a long night ahead, and I want you rested.” I laid down and Paul got between my legs. He had these three plastic oblong things with a wire attached. He laid there and slid the two of them inside my cunt and one in my ass. He had a control in his hand that he turned on. God what a feeling I was vibrating from the inside out. 

He was right, when we got to the room; I felt like I could stay awake for hours, (I was so full of energy.) (Sex does that to me) He was also right about me being excited; my mind would not shut off. He said, “Close your eyes, and start counting backwards from 200 out loud.” I closed my eyes and started counting. I felt his lips start working my clit. And he gently rubbed his fingers all around the outside of my vagina and asshole. Just teasing and touching I lost count and stopped. When I did so did he, but what made it worse was he switched off the eggs at the same time. He then said “I told you to count, now don’t stop again, or I walk out of here and you should just go get back on the plane home, it is my way or nothing at all.” 

I had all kinds of emotion flash through me, one of anger, one of fear, one of submission, another of survival. But most of all, one of need, I needed Paul to make all my fantasies come true, if he did walk out, I would never be able to have them. I immediately started counting again, and I made up my mind no matter what happen, I would not stop until I got to 1. I started counting again and so did he, first the licking of my clit and then the vibrating inside of me. Can you imagine how difficult it is to count like that while your cunt is experiencing such wild God lovely pleasure? 

I climaxed while counting till I could not climax anymore. It may have been 30 minutes or more of continuous climaxing I don’t know. I just kept counting I got to 1 and Paul said grab the phone, call Dan and tell him the meeting got changed to tomorrow at 10 am, you will be on the 4:50 flight. Give him your room number and tell him you are going to take a nap, eat, see the movie “Message in a bottle” and come back for a good night sleep.” 

I rolled to my side and called Dan at work. When I told him about the meeting being changed he told me that they called to try and delay my flight a day, but we left before they called. He told me to enjoy the movie and he was glad he didn’t have to go see it. He said he wanted me to call him before I went to bed. I told him I would. I did this all in a dreamy state, I must have sounded very tired to Dan, the last thing he said was you sound beat, get some sleep. I said good-bye and told him that I loved him. As I hung up the phone, I felt one last hard climax I screamed out with pleasure and Paul said “start again” I laid there in a dream state I could hear myself counting and I could feel the wonderful pleasure between my legs. Paul moved out from between my legs and with out much of my help, he worked the butterfly up and fastened the straps to my hips and legs. He lifted and closed my legs. 

He then took a light blanket and covered me as he came up and kissed my nipples, working them with love. He kissed up my body to my neck and around my ear. I could hear him talking while I counted. He said something like “Go to sleep my love, relax, keep counting and listen to my voice, your getting sleepy and you are so relaxed. You are content for the very first time in your life, you are a very horny slut that loves cock, you love any man’s cock, if it is not hard you will work to make it hard so you can fuck him or suck him off.” It was all fuzzy, I could not concentrate, I was falling to sleep, and my groin was in blissful heaven. 

I dreamed the most wonderful nasty dream. It was dirty, it was filthy, and I climaxed so many times in my dream. I can’t remember everything, but it had to do with me being a hooker, and things about me fucking truck drivers, fucking cops, fucking my neighbor and something about his wife and I eating and using things to fuck each other. I felt a huge climax come on me and in my dream something was fucking me on a stage with millions of men and women watching me. I was bucking under what ever it was as I climaxed and as I did I woke up huffing and gasping for air from my climax. I looked around the room and Paul was gone. I looked at the clock and it was almost 4:30. I suddenly realized that the things inside of me where still vibrating and they where warm. I reached down and pulled them out. Paul had them attached to a plug in the wall and since they did not have batteries, they just kept on giving. I knew that I was taking these little lovers back home. I got up and went to the dresser that had an envelope taped to the mirror; I got up looked inside and read. 

Well now that you are up sleepy head, Take a quick shower, (do not wash your cunt) put on the clothes I bought for you in the top drawer. Your micro mini skirt and top are in the closet, you are to wear the fishnet stockings, the black garter (we will be using the white one later tonight.) and the black heels. When you start your shower, page me at this number 909-453-0817. It is my Cell phone and pager. I will be waiting for you down stairs at the bar exactly 40 minutes after you make your call. I’ll see you down stairs. Oh one last thing, your not down here to do anything but be my hot fucking slut, so you better not try to hide your sweet little pussy. No panties and you will be displaying your self all over here till I put you back on the plane. Use the lipstick I bought. 

I looked at the note, walked over to the phone, and called him. He did not answer so I left the message I would see him in 40 minutes. I went to the closet and drawer to see what it was he had for me to wear; I saw one of the shortest hot pink mini skirts I had ever seen in my life. Along side of it was this lovely white mesh see through halter long sleeve top. On the floor where two pair of shoes, one white and one black. I tried them on and they both fit. I can only assume that is why he wanted all my sizes. I went to the drawer and found one white push up bra with open holes for my nipples and one black one just like it. I saw the two pair of fish net stockings one was white and the other was black. I picked up the lipstick and looked at it, it was a deep red. 

I said to myself “Ok girl now the real fun begins” I hurried and took the shower, I brushed my hair, got dressed and I kept hoping that Paul did get the right sizes for me. He did and when I looked in the mirror, as I was ready to go down stairs, I saw a streetwalker looking back at me. I looked like a whore, the skirt barley went past the bottom of my cheeks, and the garter showed as the straps came down to the tops of the stockings. I could see my nipples right through the white small fishnet halter-top. I just stood there looking at this mother, this wife that was going to be a slut for the next who knows how many hours. I knew that I would not need much more than my lipstick so I was glad I had my white clutch purse. Then I thought I can slip it in the skirt pocket, I did not want to carry around any purse tonight. 

I moved back from the dresser turned around and I wanted to see just how far I would have to bend in order to show the cheeks of my ass, and just when it was that someone could see my naked pussy. I bent forward and saw it did not take much to show the cheeks and just touching my knees would show my pussy. I turned around and raised my arms to see what would happen and I could raise my skirt up a little, but not enough to show myself. I grabbed the key card and went down to meet Paul. It had been 35 minutes and I still had to drop off my key or I had to carry it around. 

Oh God, the stares from the men that watched me sent me reeling with excitement. At the same time I could see from what few women there was around me all the looks, you know what I mean, the looks that say. “WHORE” “SLUT” “MAN STEALER” “WOMAN OF THE NIGHT” No woman said it aloud, but I know that look, I gave it many times before. My chest felt tight I felt like I could not breath because of my excitement. I had every man, and I mean every man looking at me as I went to the desk to turn in my key. The poor clerk’s eyes were bugging out. I asked him where the bar was and he pointed. I walked into the door and found Paul sitting alone at a table. The place was not packed, but it was full of men and women. I made my way to him, he got up we kissed and he said “My, oh my Linda, you are the hottest girl I have ever seen, sit down and we will have just one drink before we go, are you hungry? 

Funny, until he asked I had not even thought about food. All of a sudden I was however I did not want to stop and take the time to eat, I wanted to know what it was that Paul had planned. I just said “Oh I’m not too hungry, we can wait, what do you have planned? He took my hand in his and said “Oh you are going to love it all, we are going to have this one drink, then I am taking you to a place where you and I are going to watch a dirty movie. The place has those glory holes I told you about. I figure we will spend maybe an hour or so there, then we will go to this club called “Night Life” it has a dance floor; it is a nice place that allows adults to have fun. We will go there to eat and dance. Then we will come back here and put you in bed.” 

I sat there in shock, what the hell was this, a fucking date? I looked at Paul smiled and said, “Sounds like you have it all planned out my dear.” Or drinks arrived and Paul got up and said “I have to go make a call or two, Stay here and do what ever you want, just don’t drink any more than two drinks, I may be awhile.” He moved to my side, bent down to kiss me and when he did he ran his hand down to my bush, I quickly opened my legs and I felt his fingers slide up and down my slit as we kissed. He stood up and whispered into my ear before he turned to leave, “I want that a whole lot messier than it is right now, before we leave here, you need to fill it up” My mind was reeling, what was he saying? My god, I was now I knew what he wanted, he wanted me to fuck some guy here just to get my pussy all messy for him? I looked around and I saw a lot of single men. Paul was not anywhere out of sight before I had a man next to me. 

I looked up at him and smiled. He said, “I saw your friend leave, may I join you and bye you a drink? I said, you may join me, but I have a drink already” he sat down and the next thing out of his mouth was “How much to fuck you baby?” I picked up my drink, gulped it down, put the glass on the table. I looked at him and said, “Do you have a room?” he said “yes” I said “$100.00” he and I stood up, and we started out the door. I saw Paul sitting down at a table next to the door, I smiled, and so did he as he gave me a thumb up sign. We started to walk to the elevator when I stopped the man I said “I’ll make you a deal, you can have me for free just as long as you can find a place to fuck me down here rather than going upstairs to your room.” He looked at me and said, “Are you serious, what is going on here, no hooker I ever knew would say that, aren’t you a hooker baby?” I smiled and said “No, I am not a hooker, I’m a whore, I give it away to deserving men, and right now you are the most deserving man I know. If we go to your room, you pay, do it here and it’s free.” We stood there as he looked around, he said “how about the stair well, ever fuck in a stair well?” I smiled and said, “Nope not until today, but in 15 minutes I won’t be able to say that.” 

We walked to the elevators and went through the door that said “stairwell” Inside I leaned back against the door; we started kissing as I reached for him and he started working my slit. I worked his cock out and knelt down in front of him. He was rock hard and nice and fat, I realized that it must have been about 7-8 inches long. I was on cloud nine. I got him ready to shoot his load when I stood up, I turned around bent over and said “Stick it in” I waited and waited. I said “come on baby, I need you, out it in.” I heard him say “damn” I turned around to see him fighting with a rubber trying to get it on him self and it ripped. I said “Put it in me fuck me, forget the rubber.” 

Boy he moved in behind me so fast I almost lost my balance I ended up with my left hand on the back of the door keeping myself from hitting the door. I felt his cock fill my hole and I swear my head swooned my body shivered with lust. I don’t know who was fucking who; I had my right hand working my nipples through my small fish net top. My nipples where hard and so fucking and super sensitive. Oh the feeling, I knew people could see them, only a blind man would miss them sticking out of my tiny fishnet top. I was forcing myself hard backwards against him as he was shoving his cock forward into me. I knew that this guy would climax real soon, and I also knew that I would not climax no matter how hard I works my nipples and it did not matter, what mattered was I wanted him to fuck me, I wanted his cock spewing his sperm in me. I wanted someone to come down the stairs and catch us fucking. 

I did not need to climax to enjoy every microsecond of this nasty filthy pleasure. My whole body was wrapped around his cock every fiber of my body was focused on the penetration and I wanted him to cum, I wanted him to be full of sperm, I wanted his cum dripping out of me the next time Paul touched me. I felt his cock swell and pulse inside; my mind was screaming, "Here it comes.” I moaned and ground my ass hard against him as he clung to me pulsing and cramming his seed deep inside. I pinched my nipples so hard I started to hurt myself. I could hardly stand leaning forward with his big dick in me. I felt him pull back; I heard his zipper being pulled up. I moved to turn to face him, and as I moved so did he. I felt him slightly move me to the side as he opened the door and walked out. I stood there amazed at what just happen, he got his rocks off and ran away. I looked around the stairwell and some part of me was disappointed that no one was there watching us. I tried to straighten my hair the best I could with out a mirror; I looked at my nipples and they where just at hard as could be. They made the fishnet open up right where they stuck out from the bra. 

I could actually feel the sperm running down the inside of my inner thighs. I took a deep breath, opened the door, and walked straight to the bar. I walked in and Paul was sitting down alone at another table this time close to the wall. I walked up to him, and I saw the two drinks waiting. I moved to sit down next to him and he said, “Wait a minute, come here on my left side.” I did, I moved right next to him He said, “Bend over, and kiss me.” I knew that when I did what he asked, I would be showing myself to everyone behind me that I was bare-naked under my mini skirt. My pussy was wet as anything because of the stranger’s sperm still oozing out of me. I made a quick look behind me to see about 4-5 tables full of people. I looked back at Paul, smiled, and bent forward. I gave him one of the hottest, longest, most lustful kisses that I have ever given anyone my entire life. 

During the very long kiss, I felt his handwork up the bottom of my ass and to my slit. I felt Paul's fingers slide in my sopping wet hole. He broke the kiss and said, “Ok, now lets get to the Video store, one down, millions to go.” He stood up; I know my face was red as a beet. I was torn I wanted to look behind me to see who (if anyone) had watched us, and had seen me. I took one step, looked back and I saw 10-12 men smiling at me. They saw all right. I turned to Paul grabbed his arm and we walked out. We walked to the desk and Paul wanted me to get my key card for later. I did and we left. 

It was dark outside and we walked to his car. When he walked me to my side and opened the door, he said, “Sit down, and put just your left leg in.” I did as he said and as I moved my left leg in, he knelt down on the ground and started licking me pussy. I leaned back closed my eyes and raised my right leg onto his shoulder. We where not near any light, yet it still was not all that dark. With the door open the light in the car was on. I knew full well that anyone walking near us would see what was going on, and just thinking that made me so excited. I wanted to climax. Paul grabbed my clit and worked it; he sucked, tugged, boxed, licked, and loved it with his mouth. I felt myself loosing it. I felt one hell of a climax coming on. I grabbed his head of hair and held him tight as I rocked and rocked experiencing a lovely climax. The only thing that would have made it any better would be a person watching. I opened my eyes to see two young women standing on the driver’s side of the car looking in and down at Paul eating me. I stared at them as I started in telling Paul that I was coming. 

I watched them as I rolled and rolled with wave after wave of pleasure from Paul’s mouth. Felt Paul start to pull back and I saw the girls turn giggle and walk away. As Paul got up I said to him “we had an audience.” He said, “I was hoping he would, let's get going.” 

Note from the Author: How am I doing? Hope it is as good for you as it is for me :-)