 I have been waiting for this day I think all my life. I know when I get down there I will meet this man with such a lovely dirty mind. God it seems like everything that I have ever wanted to do in my sexual life, he has done. I can’t help but wonder a few things as this shift is coming to an end. The morning traffic I was sure would take my mind off of my journey, but as luck would have it, it has been a slow night. Even the breakfast crowd is small today. I am on pins and needles waiting to get out of here and get home to change for the flight. One minute I am all excited about going and then the next I am scared to the bone. What will happen if he doesn’t like me? What if he is something other than what he has been telling me? Can he really get 5-6 men that will do me? I mean I have always wanted to be in a Gang-Bang, can he really do it? What if they get mean? 

Just thinking about this is driving me crazy; I can feel that I am so excited just hoping that he will do some of the things he has told me about. If I don’t something to take my mind off of this, I will have to take a break in the bathroom. Jesus, I feel like I am on fire wanting to get down there just to see what nasty things he has planned He asked me to not wear panties and to expect the unexpected. He knows I love public sex even though it scares me to death; will he want me to exhibit myself to some one? On the other hand, will he want to fuck me some place in the open or a place we could get arrested in. Oh God when will it be time to clock out of here, just 15 more minutes. Maybe if I go clean up a bit I can stop thinking. 

Driving home I have to make sure I don’t speed, I have plenty of time, the plane doesn’t leave till 7:40. I have plenty of time. I have everything ready, all the lunches made, my little suitcase packed and ready. I have it all worked out that the kids and us will all leave the house at the same time. I love the fact that Dan is going to drive me to the airport, so see me off. God that in it self is one hell of a turn on, I am going to meet my net lover, fuck him, and anyone else he has lined up or wants me to. My good old husband is going to be kissing his nasty hot wife good by at the air port naked and wanting the new strange cock she is flying down to get. 

Oh shit I almost missed that stop sign, I have to get my mind on my driving and off this trip, if I don’t I may have a wreck and I would miss my flight and this sex journey of mine. I just hope everything is going as it usually does this morning. All I need is for one thing to go wrong and this whole thing is shot down the tubes. Finely I am home, I know I can’t act too anxious. I told Dan that this sales trip had to be today and since the last flight back is at 4 this afternoon. It would be a hard day for me to make the meeting, and run back to the airport. Paul was right, Dan did suggest that I stay the night and get a good night sleep. That way I could catch the early flight back from Ontario in the morning. 

As I suspected Dan had the kids up early today as I walked in I saw the kids where at the table eating. Dan had everything running smooth as a well-oiled clock. I looked at the kids, walked over, and kissed them. “Good morning everyone, where’s your father?” They said he’s was still in the bedroom getting ready, I told the kids I was so proud of them for helping me out like this by getting up early. I told them dad and them would be dropping me off at the airport on the way to school. Kids are so full of questions, but I had to get ready, and I had one very important thing to do. I told the kids I had to get changed and we would be leaving as soon as I got changed. I walk into the bedroom bath and took a very quick pee; my bladder had to be empty in order for my plan to work. I went back into the bedroom shut our door. 

Dan was standing naked at the closet looking for something to wear. I walked up to him and moved in front of him, grabbed hold of his limp dick and kissed him. I made sure he knew it was not any good morning peck. I had a plan; I held on to him and worked my fingers. I said, “Do we have time for a quickie?” Dan’s dick was getting hard and he said “I don’t think so honey, we need to get you to the airport.” I kept hold of his cock and started to stroke it a little. I kissed him again and said “Oh come on, just a real fast one.” I started kissing him again with passion. He tried but his body betrayed him. I was holding his now very hard dick with one hand as I undid my pants with the other. 

Dan said as he we broke the kiss “we better hurry honey, you know you have to be there one hour early and as it is you will be lucky to get there 30 minutes before your flight leaves.” I had my pants down and I was working on my panties as I said “Shut up and fuck me baby, I have to be with out it for two days, I want to carry you with me.” He started working my breast, and his cock was rock hard now. I backed him up to the bed and we spun around. I was wet as can be from excitement of what I was doing and why. As I hit the bed, I raised my legs and Dan’s cock slid right into my waiting and wanting pussy. It had been a good week since we last made love; I was hoping that he had not masturbated in that time so he would have a nice big load of sperm for me. 

God he was fucking me so hard and fast I had a good idea, he was full of sperm for me. I wrapped my legs around him and held on tight; I wanted every drop in his love juice in me. I was hot as hell my self, In my mind this was Paul ramming my hot hole, his cock ready to explode and his mouth working mine. I felt Dan explode in me and it triggered my own climax. It was a hard one and I held on for dear life. Dan came back to his senses first and said as he pulled out of me and stood up "Come on honey you better hurry, we got to get you to the airport, hurry up and get dressed.” 

I watched him grab a T-shirt and wipe off his dick; he grabbed underwear and a clean T-shirt. I closed my legs and held my vagina tight as I slowly sat up I am glad I learned in my younger years how to control my kagel muscles my vagina was tight. I know how that I would loose very little of his seed will out of me. If Paul really liked eating a freshly fucked pussy, he will love my cum filled cunt. I remember he said that when we meet each other that he wanted my pussy dripping wet with hunger. I smiled at my self; this man was going to get a very wet, very dripping pussy all right. I watched as Dan dressed so fast, he was walking out the door when he turned and said “Jesus Linda you knew we had to hurry, why did you make us waist time like this, hurry up, I’m going to get the kids lunches ready.” 

I said “Oh honey, don’t worry, we’ll make it, I’ll be right out” I went to the dresser put on my bra grabbed the stockings I bought for this trip and put on my long Blue high collar long sleeve dress. I choose my white flats and stood in front of the mirror to quickly brush my hair. I was ready. Paul had asked me to wear a very conservative dress and to be naked under it. I looked at my self and I looked like an old fashion schoolteacher, a perfect businesswoman. Looking very lady like and all business. I grabbed my flight bag and small suitcase and my brief case with my samples. I walked out and they where all ready waiting for me. Dan rushed us all to the car, and we where off. The kids wanted to know when I was coming back, and I told them tomorrow. Dan told me I looked lovely and he was happy I had insisted on our little brief talk. 

I squeezed my thighs tight and said, “Oh I am glad also, it is the perfect send off, and when I get back we will have to have a longer chat.” We both smiled at each other. Then I started to ask my self “What the fuck are you doing? Are you crazy? Dan’s a good man; I love him why am I doing this? I was almost to the point of calling it off. But how? What do I say? I had done such a great job preparing him for this day, how could I call a halt to it with out causing him to suspect something. Paul did warn me about this, and I knew I had to act normal. Oh Dear God, what do I do now? I was lost in my thoughts and Dan brought me back to reality. 

We had stopped in the loading zone and Dan was saying, “Honey are you alright? We’re here, you have to get checked in.” I got out in a fog now, and after Dan took out my suitcase, bag, and brief case he kissed me goodbye. I looked at him and with all my heart, with all my love I said “I love you dear, I’ll call you at work when I get checked in. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He told me he loved me as he walked back and got in the car. I waved as they drove away. 

I stood there thinking. Should I go through with this? I wanted too, yet I was scared, and I did not ever want Dan to be hurt. I walked over to the check in counter and waited my turn. All the time in line I kept fighting myself. Part of me was hoping that the ticket would not be there as Paul said it would be. I could always tell Dan that there was a ticket snafu, and call this all off. I could call Paul and let him know I could not go through with this right now. My mind was spinning I made it to the counter and I told the man my name. He pulled out my ticket, and with quick efficiency he had my suitcase and sample bag tagged going down the belt out to the plane. He told me to hurry to gate 3. I walked and as I did I could feel the sperm oozing very slowly out of me as I walked. I got a chill as I walked; my mind was shifting now. Paul wanted me to be wet; well when that bastard touches me, he will see I am sopping wet ready for anything he had planned. 

One time just one time I was going to be a very nasty cock hungry slut. I wanted it and Paul was helping me live out my nasty fantasies. I just hoped that when I fly back here tomorrow that all this stuff is out of my system. I hope I will have gotten all this stuff out of me, maybe it will be a bad experience and that way I will never ever even think of doing such nasty sick things ever again. For the next 24 hours am going to do every nasty thing that I have ever read about in those nasty sex books and stories. 

I emerged myself in the things I have always wanted to do in my life but could not do. I could never fuck any stranger, or even a Gang-Bang, or who knows what. How many times had I laid down, and masturbated living out these nasty things in my mind. I could feel my heart beating fast and hard. I realized that my thoughts were turning me on. I had three of those nasty stories I had printed out to read and pass my time with on the flight. I wanted to keep my mind indulged in sex, lovely nasty sex. Dicks, cocks and pussy. I forgot all about Dan, the kids or anything but Paul and his nasty filthy mind. I reached in my purse and pulled out one of my favorite stories that he sent me. 

I was glad that no one sat next to me and that I had a window seat. I buckled up and started to read. The flight was to be an hour, and I knew that if I thought about this, I just might change my mind. I was determined not to loose this chance. I know that if I do not go through with this today, I would never do it, and I would always wonder what this day and night could have been like. I sat there reading and getting so fucking hot. My mind could see every thing described the sucking of different men’s dicks, eating a lovely hot woman bringing her to a climax that melted my mind. I could feel every cock fucking the woman in the story. I sat there flexing my legs as I read. I wanted to touch myself so bad, but I would not. I swear if some stranger just touched my breast by bumping up against them right now. I swear I would loose it. I would climax just by an accidental touch. 

I had not finished reading the story when the pilot announced that we where getting ready to land. I heard that, folded, and put away the sex story. My heart was pounding, my pussy was throbbing, and my brow was wet with perspiration. Now all I could think of was, what if he doesn’t like what he sees when I meet him? Am I dressed too nice for him? Will he kiss me? When will he touch me? What will I do if he wants to touch me in public? The more I thought about all this, the more my heart neat with excitement. I was scared to death, yet I could not turn back I would not turn back. I made my bed so to speak, and I would be damn if I would wait all my life for this to chicken out. I just hope that Paul has done everything he said he would. When the plane stopped I grabbed my things and walked out. 

I saw him waving at me as I came through the door. My heart raced and I moved to him quickly, He took me into his arms and we kissed. We kissed as if we where lovers separated by time. I felt his tong in my mouth and I worked mine into his. We kissed long and he held me tight. He broke the kiss looked at me and said, “You are so lovely, I hope you are ready for this day and this night.” I looked into his eyes and said, “I am ready as can be, I am wet, I am naked, and I want you.” He kissed me again and then said “good, By the time you get back on the plane tomorrow you won’t want to see another dick for a month or two” I laughed and said “if you do your job right buster, I just may not want to leave.” 

He held me at his side as we walked to get my bags. As we walked he would lean against my neck and he said “I’m going to make you cum in the parking lot.” Then a few more paces he said “I’m going to eat you before we leave here.” I smiled and said to him “You’re so bad, but I like it.” He grabbed my ass as we walked and then he said, “Oh, I like that, your naked under that lovely dress aren’t you baby, just like I asked.” I turned my head and said. “Not only that, but I’m full of cum, I have a weeks worth of cum for you to clean out of me. I had sex less than two hours ago. You wanted dripping, you got dripping.” All this nasty talk back and fourth made the walk and time fly. Before I knew it we where at the baggage claim area. We had to wait, we went to a wall, and Paul leaned back us both against it. I leaned up back against him. He kissed the back of my neck and my head felt light and spinning. I could feel his cock against my cheeks and I pressed hard back against him. 

I could feel him kissing my neck I closed my eyes, as I stood there swooning and so fucking hot. I could feel Paul’s hands behind me. He was trying to raise the back of my dress; he was pulling it up. I opened up my eyes and looked around, I just knew everyone would be looking at us. I saw only backs; every one was standing close to the belt waiting for the suitcases to come out. I moved a little so Paul could get to his goal. I reached behind me with my right hand and found his cock, I knew what he wanted to do, and I wanted it I think worse than he did. I pulled down his zipper behind me and found his hard cock. I worked it out and it seemed to be perfect timing. He adjusted himself and I felt him work his cock between my cheeks. 

I knew he could not work it in my pussy like this with out my being very obvious. I wanted his cock in me so bad. I could feel him moving his dick and I leaned back hard against it. I kept looking around the huge room trying to see if anyone was watching us. I did not see anyone watching us at all. I felt Paul back at my neck and he said. “In your ass” I felt him move and I adjusted myself against him. We managed to get the head of his cock right at my asshole. I knew we did not have a lot of time, yet I also knew that we could not rush it at all. I moved my hips and so did Paul. We both felt the head slowly work it’s way inside of me. 

I wanted to scream out with pleasure, I wanted to get real dirty, and I wanted to bend over grab my ankles and let him fuck me with the whole world watching. It seemed to take forever for his dick to get in me. Just as he got it inside the conveyer belt started to bring out the bags. I felt him move his hips causing his cock to do its job. I opened my eyes again to look around and I saw a woman about my age, bag in hand leaning against the sidewall watching us, I stared at her eyes as she watched us. I looked around some more and I saw two men watching us talking to each other as they watched. I felt a rush like I have never felt in my life. I was being fucked in a very public place and strangers where watching me do it. 

I felt Paul’s cock swell and pulse, I knew he was coming. I squeezed my ass cheeks hard to milk every drop of sperm out of him into my ass. I had a climax for the first time in my life being fucked in my ass. In the past I would have to rub myself, or have Dan rub my clit to make me come. Today I ground myself hard against this cock in my ass as I had a wonderful wave of pleasure race through my body sending wave after wave of the strongest climax I had ever had in my life. 

When I finished I opened my eyes and this time I saw more people watching us. Now I was embarrassed, Paul pulled out and put his dick back into his pants. When he moved my dressed dropped and I watched the woman that had been watching us give me a “thumbs up” she walked past us out the door giving us both a long hot look. With the show being over, the few people that where watching us, started out the doors with there suit case’s Paul said “we better get your suitcases and get out of here” We moved over to the belt area that was still crowded. And we waited for my bags. Paul moved to the front and I realized all of a sudden that the crowd was pressing me real hard. I felt hands on my ass and a hand at my breast. I stood there. I had decided that I would enjoy every nasty pleasure I could this day. I pushed back against the hand on my ass and I reached up and held the hand needing my breast. I closed my eyes again and relished the feeling of being touched like this in public. 

I heard Paul’s voice say, “sorry to break this up boys, but we have to get going” I opened my eyes and he was standing there waiting. I moved and the hands moved away. One guy said something like “Man your one lucky son of a bitch.” I smiled and said, “he sure is.” We walked out to a big white car. Paul opened the door for me, and put the suitcases in the trunk. He got in the car and we kissed again, I felt him trying to get his hand under my dress, and I moved my legs to give him full access. I felt his fingers at my opening and I heard him moan as he found my slimy cum filled cunt now open wanting his touch. He broke the kiss and told me to lean back against the door. I did what he asked, and he moved down to my waist. I had one leg on the big bench seat, and one on the floor. He worked at getting down onto the seat and floor under the steering wheel. He lifted my dress and went under it. I felt his mouth and fingers at my hole. 

He went to work tugging my clit, licking my hole as his fingers where working into my asshole. I leaned my head back closed my eyes and my head spun around and around. I opened my eyes to see people walking all around us going to their cars. I could hear him making sounds with his mouth as he licked and sucked at my pussy. I started to climax with his first touch and it just kept on and on. He fucked me in public, and now he was sucking out my cunt fingering me while I climaxed over and over. 

I was lost in my lust “Oh yea, oh baby, lick me baby, that’s it, yea, yea, oh baby, your fingers, oh fuck your fingers. Do it baby, don’t’ stop, don’t’ fucking stop, it feels so good, it’s so fucking nasty, eat that cum, suck it out. Finger that ass.” I wanted to shout out my pleasure but at the same time I did not want anyone to cal the police and stop him from doing this nasty lovely thing. I looked around and saw a couple that had stopped behind me on my side of the car. They where right at my window standing they’re watching. I can not explain it, but knowing that they where watching me sprawled out on the front seat with a man under my dress eating and fingering me was so fucking hot. I could not breath, I grabbed my breast and squeezed them both I shouted out “EAT ME, FUCK ME, I’M COMING, I’M COMING, DON’T’ STOP, DON’T’ YOU FUCKING STOP, FINGER THAT ASSHOLE” I wanted more than to just be watched, I wanted to be shocking. 
