 Editor's Note: story contains bisexual male themes and scenes.

*

At 65 years old I was forced to retire from the job that I loved. I started in the fire service at the age of seventeen and I love it now just as much as I did when I started. Not many men can say that about a job, I thought my life was over. Being a single man for years I thought the only thing I had to look forward to was setting home, watching TV and growing old. 

Being a full time chief and an instructor for many years I was pretty conservative, never had much time for dating, never done much partying or drinking, that sort of thing. I always tried to be the example that my men would look up to. I always kept myself in pretty good shape and I really was not ready to just set down and do nothing but, little did I know that I was about to encounter a life changing experience.

My life was just about to begin

A hard core, bisexual thriller that will keep you cuming! 

Follow along as; a retired fire chief who as been the example of integrity for years, with one glance of the eye, suddenly finds himself in a world of unbelievable ecstasy. Feel for yourself, his emotional highs and lows as they change his life for ever and land him one of the most amazing women you will ever see. 

Chapter 1

Being a firefighter and heavy rescue paramedic, I had kept myself in pretty good shape over the years. In fact; just to brag on myself a little. Two months before my retirement, at age sixty five, I went through a very strenuous physical agility test along with my men. More than anything else; I think it was just to show them that the old man still had it in him, but to my own surprise; I beat all but four of those twenty year olds, who work out every day. 

I have been single for several years and with nothing to do, but set around the house and piddle in the yard since my retirement, I have started to get a little out of shape. I joined a local fitness club so I could work out once in a while. 

About two months ago, I had just finished my work out and went in to take a shower. I had been in the shower room just long enough to strip my clothes off and get under the water when a young black guy came in, striped down and went to the shower at the other end. I didn't think anything about it and continued to bath. 

As I was bathing, I turned to rinse under my arm and I caught a glimpse of his cock. I was so amazed that I almost said it out loud, as I thought: 

"Wow!!!"

I had never seen any thing like that before. Suddenly, I felt this weird sort of like an adrenalin rush go through me. At the time I thought it was embarrassment. I quickly turned away and kept bathing, but my curiosity got the best of me, I caught myself looking back at it again. I thought to myself: 

"He's going to see you starring and think you're gay." 

I turned my back to him again, but I couldn't get it off my mind, it was just so huge. I soon found myself looking a third time and thinking: 

"That thing must be six to eight inches long when it's soft and it's almost as big around as a toilet paper spool." 

I didn't realize it, but I must have been starring at it, because he looked at me without any expression on his face, and said. 

"You like that?" 

It shocked me; I don't know if it was fear or embarrassment but, I froze, I couldn't say a word, my whole body tensed as I looked up at his expressionless face. Clearing my throat I finally said: 

"I'm sorry man; I'm not that way at all, I don't know what came over me. It's just that I've never seen anyone that big before." and I went back to bathing. 

Both fear and embarrassment gripped me. The images of his expressionless face past before me as I wondered what he was thinking. Did he accept my apology or was he offended. 

Though fear seemed to be tightening its grip on me, the image of that huge cock was like a magnet drawing my eyes to it and when I found myself looking at it again, I glanced up at his face expecting to see his anger, but instead he smiled at me and said: 

"It's ok."

Embarrassed, I dropped my head and looked away. I could feel the blood rush to my head as my face reddened, it was as though I were a young girl looking at his huge cock for the first time. Seeing my obvious embarrassment, in a very gentle tone of voice, he said: 

"Do you want to touch it?" 

I stood there starring at it for a moment, and then said: 

"No, really I am not that way. I am just amazed at the size of it." 

He smiled again and said: 

"It's ok." 

I glanced at it again, and then looking him in the face, I said: 

"I am sixty five years old and I have never even fantasized about touching another man, I am about as straight as you can get. I don't understand what happened, I just caught a glimpse of it and this weird rush went all the way through my body." 

Fear suddenly grips me, I didn't know if some how he knew what that weird rush was, or if he was going to force me to touch him, but again he said: 

"It's ok" 

And he started walking toward me. 

Suddenly that warm rushing feeling came over me again and now this huge muscular body was standing just inches from me. I didn't know if he was going to just stand and give me the chance to touch it, or if he was going to force me to do something. The fear inside me took my eyes off that huge cock and they slowly moved up his rippled abdomen and muscular chest until I was looking into his face. My heart beat faster, a knot came up in my throat, my body trembled and my mind was gripped with fear as I thought about what he was going to do to me. 

It was as though he could see the fear in my eyes; he very gently smiled at me and said: 

"Go ahead touch it. It's not going to hurt anything." 

I don't know if my subconscious curiosity did want to touch it, or if I feared that if I didn't he would force me, but I did know that I had put myself in this position and there was now no way to get out of it. One way or the other I was going to have to touch this mans huge cock. 

I just stood there and looked at it, up close for the first time. Then I said: 

"What if somebody were to come in on us?" 

Seeing the fear in my eyes, he reassuringly said: 

"Don't worry, guys do it all the time in here, no one thinks anything about it." 

I looked down at that huge cock again, stared at it for a moment, then nervously reached out and took it in my hand. I had never touched another man's cock before, it was warm and soft and smooth. I closed my hand around it and there was still a good two inches extending past my fist. I lightly squeezed it and suddenly I could feel it growing in my hand. I found myself examining every inch of it. Unlike my own it was circumcised and the huge head was so smooth it shined. His skin was dark brown and flawless and a huge vein ran down the top of it. I seen his sack hanging below it, very well proportioned to its size. I looked back up at him and with a reassuring smile he said: 

"Go ahead and stroke it." 

I closed my hand around it and began to slide it up and down, but there was just something about it, now that I had held it and felt its warmth in my hands, this wasn't what I wanted to do to it. I found myself no longer doing it because of fear, but I actually wanted to hold it. With a very gentle grip I began, rotating one hand and then the other, gently stroking the full length of its shaft from its base to the head, my eyes following every inch of each stroke. It was though my strokes were stretching it. It kept getting bigger and bigger, I closed both hands around it and it still extended past my grip. I cupped his balls and they were almost all I could hold in my hand. 

A brief moment of reality hit me and suddenly I realized I was almost worshiping this thing. Guilt struck me like a volt of lighting. Unconsciously still holding on to it, I looked up at him and in my defense I said: 

"Man I have never done anything like this!" 

With that same reassuring smile he said: 

"It's Ok, nobody will ever know." 

I looked down unaware of my own body and to my surprise; I was as hard as a rock. I kept stroking him and by now he was about ten or maybe even eleven inches long and it was getting warmer and harder. I don't know what there was about it, but my fears seemed to have faded and were replaced with this warm feeling that saturated my whole body. I looked up at his face again, I guess I was hoping for more of his reassurance, and he smiled and said: 

"You like that?" 

Embarrassed, I slowly mumbled: 

"I don't know." 

He looked down at me and with a slight grin he said: 

"From the looks of your dick, I think you do." 

Embarrassed, I didn't know what to say. That weird feeling seemed to get warmer and my emotions seemed to become more comfortable with my situation, as my fears disappeared. Finally I stuttered: 

"I can't believe I'm doing this, just something about it, I don't know what it is, but truthfully in some weird way, I do sort of like it." 

He smiled and said: 

"Why don't jack it off?" 

My heart skipped a beat as my conscience hit me; he is asking me to go another step deeper into forbidden territory. I thought to myself: 

"Man, what are you doing? This is crazy; you're acting like you're gay." 

Unconsciously, while those thoughts were racing through my head, I had started jacking him and now I had speeded up my pace. Suddenly it was like everything shifted into slow motion, as I absorbed every detail of the sequence. He began to breathe harder and faster, a quite moan escaped his mouth and then a louder one. His body tensed, his hips arched forward, I felt his heart beat through the vein on the top of this huge erection and the whole shaft began to get warmer. I suddenly felt his cock stiffen and start to throb in my hand, a feeling I will never forget, I squeezed it a little harder and all of a sudden he shot a burst of cum about three foot across the room. 

As I started to turn loose, he reached down and squeezed my hand shut and started milking the last few drops out of his huge cock and suddenly I felt my insides start to heave and without even being touched, I erupted, shooting one of the biggest loads I have in years. 

With out a word he smiled at me and walked back to his shower. We both finished bathing and left with out ever speaking a word just an exchange of smiles. 

On the way home I had very mixed emotions. I thought: 

"Wow! I can't believe the excitement I felt when that thing started throbbing in my hand. I could feel every pulse as it hardened and then softened and hardened again. I loved the feeling of how warm and soft it was when I first held it. It seemed like it was soft and flexible, you could squeeze it like a warm sponge, yet it was firm and solid at the same time and that rush that kept running throw me as it started to grow in my hand." 

That warm feeling began to come over me again. Then like a sledgehammer my conscience hit me: 

"What's wrong with you? Are you crazy? You just jacked another man off and practically worshipped his cock and you're setting here thinking you liked it?" 

Then I started feeling dirty, like I had done the most shameful thing in my life and now I am setting here thinking that I enjoyed it. The emotions went on and on and back and forth from good to bad. Finally I turned the radio on, trying to drown out my thoughts. 

I got home and fixed me a drink and sat down to watch a movie. The man and woman in the movie started kissing and as the passions grew they started stripping each other and I saw both of their naked bodies. I felt a bulge swelling up in my pants. Though I had always looked at the women's perky little breasts and nice round butts; as they started to make love I caught myself trying to catch a glimpse of his cock. As though it were just for me; it showed her jacking him to get him hard. That warm weird feeling when through me again and I started rubbing the bulge in my pants. Then she started to suck him and that was all I could stand. I pulled down my pants and began to masturbate. 

About half way through the scene, the show went to commercial. I started thinking about that dudes huge cock and the feeling of it throbbing in my hand, that feeling that I can't seem to get out of my mind. I had never noticed it before, but suddenly I felt that same throbbing coming from my own cock as it exploded all over my belly. 

The next day I couldn't get it out of my head, it was like a picture of that huge cock was burnt into my brain. The day went by so slow and the mixed emotions was about to eat me alive. About the same time that evening I seemingly couldn't stop myself, I headed for the fitness club. I walked in hoping not to look too suspicious and looked around to see if he was there. I don't know if it was to the relief of my conscience or to the disappointment of my desires, but he wasn't there. 

I worked out harder then I ever had, I guess I was working off my frustrations. When I had worn myself completely out I headed to the showers. Inside I stripped down and started to try to relax under the warm water. I looked over at the other two guys that were showering next to me and both of them smiled and nodded their heads at me. I didn't think anything about it, I just kept on bathing. 

The next thing I knew one of them was on his knees sucking the other one. I couldn't believe my eyes, Stunned, I just stood there and starred at the show going on in front of me. I again felt that warm weird feeling start to run through my whole body. I began to masturbate, as my eyes froze on the sight before me. 

Suddenly I heard the man start to breath real hard and groan and I thought I was going to explode right there. I had never had a blow job from a man or woman but, I could tell from his exotic moans and groans that it must be awesome. His groans suddenly got louder and he began to thrust his hips like he was fucking the man's mouth. Then I heard the other man let out a moan as he sort of gagged and I seen his neck swell as he swallowed hard and moaned again. As he pulled his mouth away I seen the man's cock as it began to fall limp. He soon showered and left. 

The other guy was still there, just him and I. A new desire was now overwhelming me, my thoughts were going wild, I kept thinking: 

"Oh! I wish he would do that to me. I wish I had nerve enough to just walk over there. Please man, ask me if I want it." 

My desires were out of control, my heart was racing, my body was trembling and my desires were beyond anything I had ever experienced. My conscience desperately tried to calm my desires as I thought: 

"You can't do this, it's wrong, what is the matter with you?" 

I tried to wash the thoughts away under the cool shower but, they were still eating away. I caught myself looking at him, and I don't know if he could see it on my face or what but, he began to smile at me and I felt that rush go through me again. I smiled back at him as he was dressing and then he picked up his bag and started to leave. It seemed like my whole insides dropped, my emotions were devastated, as he started walking toward the door. 

To get to the door he had to walk right past me. Unconsciously, I guess my eyes were begging him to stay, because as he walked by me, he purposely reached his hand out and brushed my rock hard cock. I moaned and nearly melted right there in front of him. He laid his bag down and began to touch me; I suddenly felt the biggest rush of my life as he placed his mouth over my cock and began to suck. His mouth felt so warm and wet as he slid it up and down over its shaft and his tongue made circles around its head. I had never had such an exotic feeling, but it didn't last long. He hadn't had my cock in his mouth no time until I couldn't hold back any longer and I exploded in his mouth. 

The feeling was so intense that unlike the men I had watched, I couldn't tell you if I moaned or thrust my hip or anything about it, I just knew it was the most awesome feeling I had ever felt. 

Apparently, with the show that went on before me and my desires being so out of control I must have had a pretty good load built up, because when I shot my load he gagged and swallowed and then started to cough a little. He rubbed the shaft of my cock a few times and sucked the head as if to force the last few drop of cum from it, then pulled away and stood up. He looked at me and smiled as he walked away. I just stood there for a minute, my body trembled, my heart was racing and my knees felt like they were going to collapse under me. 

I started home; again the mixed emotions overwhelmed me. When I got to the house, I fixed me a drink and collapsed on the sofa exhausted. It felt like every ounce of energy in me had been drained and then I giggled to myself: 

"Yep, right out through the end of my cock."

As I began to relax the emotions started again. Being perfectly straight for sixty five years and now finding myself involved in these experiences and worst of all feeling that I really like them was overwhelming. My emotions were in turmoil as I thought: 

"What is happening to me? Am I suddenly turning gay?" 

Those feeling of shame totally overwhelmed me. I got up and went to the computer and searched the internet trying to find answers. I found a forum with a thread talking about my situation. I typed in what had been happening to me and the emotions I was feeling and to my surprise eight different guys started writing back. After about an hour of writing back and forth, they seemed to all agree. 

"You are not gay; you are just experiencing what most all younger men have already experienced, welcome to the world of modern day sex." 

One guy showed a study that a university had done, showing that 88 % of all men have had some type of homosexual experience in their life time. The study said that experimenting with your sexuality does not make you gay. What makes you gay is when you are both emotionally and physically attracted to only men. The report said that homosexual acts between men have been prevalent for thousands of years but, were considered to be taboo to talk about, but today it is more open and acceptable. 

At the end of our session one of them posted a note and the others all agreed with it saying:

"Grandpa, go and have your fun and don't whip yourself for it, it's natural." 

I then clicked on a gay forum and these guys were talking about how they love the taste of cum and how it tasted sort of sweet yet salty too. They talked about how a cock felt in your mouth when it begins to swell and throb against your tongue. That hit me; all I could think about was that huge black cock throbbing in my hand and how that one particular feeling not only stood out to me, but gripped me, more than any other. As hard as I tried I couldn't imagine what it would feel like to have it throbbing in my mouth. They talked about the excitement they felt anticipating the guy shooting his load down their throat. I don't know if it was just me wanting to experience it or if they just made it sound so awesome but, I couldn't take any more, my emotions were in complete turmoil.

I went to bed and with all this running rapid through my head I started to masturbate. I soon shot my load and not wanting to get it on my bed; I shot it in my hand. I got up and started to the bathroom to flush it down the commode. About half way there I got this almost forceful urge that I've got to see for myself what cum does taste like. I just barely touched my tongue to the pool in my hand. I never looked at it, I just hesitated a moment getting up the nerve to do it, and then I slurped every bit of it up into my mouth. It was just what they said; it was sort of sweet yet salty too. I kept it in my mouth for a few minutes, thinking I may never do this again. I started to the bathroom again to spit it out, but when I got over the commode I couldn't do it, I hesitated a moment thinking; "I've gone this far" and suddenly swallowed it. I started to rinse my mouth out and I decided not to, just like the guys on the forum, I really liked that taste. 
