 Dating Dana

After that weekend, Dana and I were inseparable, we could barely keep our hands off each other at work, I don't even think we did a very good job at hiding it. I did indeed see a different side to her, a naughtier, kinkier side. We fucked each other senseless for the next few weeks, in her bed, in her roommate's bed again, and all over at my place. She even let me fuck her in the arse in the car park of a restaurant before going inside for a meal. 

Aside from fucking constantly though, we also did lots of other stuff together. We ate out, went to bars, and generally started acting like a couple in public. I couldn't believe I was dating such a gorgeous woman and I couldn't have been happier. 

After a few weeks, Dana and her roommate had a small party at their flat and I was really enjoying getting to know some of her friends. I'd actually really hit it off with her roommate Felicity. She was a smoking hot blonde that Dana had known for years. She had a gorgeous face and, slightly wavy, bright blonde hair that she usually wore in a ponytail. Her skin was paler than Dana's but it was smooth and flawless and she had an amazing figure. She dressed fairly conservatively and had a pair of black rimmed glasses that made her look adorable in a kind of nerdy way. 

There were quite a few people at the party, it wasn't a huge flat but the neighbour opposite had been invited so it had kind of opened up across the two flats. Late on in the evening, a small group of us had congregated in Dana's bedroom including myself, Dana, Felicity, a girl I didn't know called Shara, and two guy friends of Dana's, Pete and Tom. We had been there for a while, drinking and laughing and listening to music and, as seems to be normal these days, things had started to get a bit naughty. There were various dares being made, people doing shots, and a bit of heavy flirting. Don't get me wrong, this was no structured game like at the last party, this was just a group of drunken idiots messing around. 

Pete and Tom were clearly hoping they could get some action from these girls but I was content with Dana. As we got more and more drunk, we were getting a bit brazen, touching and stroking each other. I honestly can't remember who dared who for what, but I knew it resulted in the girls agreeing to remove their jeans. The three of them stood side by side on the bed and started unbuttoning them slightly hesitantly. I wasn't worried about Dana showing a bit of skin as I was the one who got to have sex with her now. Flick was a bit adventurous in a playful kind of way but definitely not as promiscuous as Dana. I didn't know Shara, but she seemed a bit shy. She was cute but she had nothing on the other two girls, she was a bit bigger but had large full breasts.  

As the girls giggled, Dana was the first to pull her Jeans down and kick them off, revealing her small black thong. She stood there showing off her sexy body as Shara shyly pulled hers down over her wide hips and slowly pushed them down her legs. She was not as confident as the others and had fairly boring white knickers underneath. As if waiting for the spotlight, Flick now bent at the waist slightly to stick her arse out, and peeled her jeans down over it. Flick had an incredible arse, it was firm and round, not big, but pert. She slowly slid her jeans down revealing cute little yellow and white patterned panties that clung to her firm backside. 

Dare completed, the girls hopped down from the bed, now clad in their underwear, Dana and Flick wearing tank tops and Shara in a blouse. We continued drinking and joking around and, to be honest, I think Shara was starting to enjoy the attention. It's probably not often that she can be in a room with girls like Dana and Flick and have guys groping her arse and trying to grab her boobs. I had struck up a conversation with Flick about travelling and wasn't paying much attention to the others as we were chatting. I wasn't so bothered about this stuff now as I knew I would be the one spending the night with Dana. 

Not that I wasn't ogling Flick while we talked of course, she was stunning and, while I sat on a swivel chair facing away from the others, she was sat in front of me wearing not much at all. My dick was pressing against the front of my jeans as the atmosphere and semi nakedness began to arouse me. 

I heard some gasping and saw Flick look over my shoulder as something grabbed her attention. I spun my chair round to see Shara's blouse was hanging off her arms and Tom had one hand massaging one of her tits and the other shoved down the front of her knickers. Shara had her mouth open and her eyes shut and she was writhing her hips around and gasping. 

As we watched I felt my dick get rock hard and I noticed Dana and Pete also gently rubbing themselves. I felt a hand reach around from behind the chair and run up the side of my thigh. I have to admit, in my drunken state, I was wondering how far Shara would go and was turned on at the possibility of watching this young woman get fucked in front of our eyes. As Shara arched her back and moaned, it became obvious that Tom had at least one finger inside her and I looked over to see Dana openly rubbing herself through her thong, and Pete pulling his trousers open to let his cock spring free. All eyes were on Shara and by the time I looked back, Tom had pulled her blouse off her arms and unclasped her bra. As it fell away from her chest, her massive tits came into view, they were even bigger than they had looked and they bobbed around on her chest as she writhed and bucked on Tom's fingers. 

I think Flick had moved her chair closer as she was now right behind me, watching over my shoulder. She leant into my ear and gasped "that's so hot, are you hard? Why don't you take it out?" I thought she had a point, something about Shara made me eager to see her getting pounded and a wanted to enjoy it, so I unbuckled my belt and pulled my jeans down to my thighs, letting my dick spring free. I wondered if Dana would notice and come over to join me but she wasn't paying attention, her eyes were fixed on the front of Shara's knickers as Tom's hand moved around inside them. 

Tom was whispering in Shara's ear in between nibbling her earlobe and kissing her neck, when suddenly she groaned "Yes okay, okay do it, fuck me." 

Tom needed no further encouragement as he practically leapt up from his seat on the bed. He pulled Shara up onto her hands and knees facing the rest of us. I think at that point the realisation hit her that she had agreed to be fucked in front of four other people but there was no time to change her mind. She had a look of pure lust on her face as Tom knelt behind her, grabbed his dick and ran it up her slit. 

With no further delay, he grasped her hip with one hand, lined himself up and pushed forward, hard. 

"Ah shit!" She shouted as she screwed her face up tightly and gritted her teeth. "Ugh, ah ah, fuck." 

Tom was ramming his cock hard into her from behind while pulling on her hips and as he sped up his thrusting, her huge tits swung back and forth underneath her. 

I felt a hand on my thigh and realised that Dana had moved over next to me and reached for my cock. She began to stroke it gently while we watched the scene in front of us, which was anything but gentle. Tom wasn't hurting Shara but he had moved one hand to her shoulder so he could pull back with more force as he thrust his hips. Shara seemed to be enjoying it and had brought one hand up to roughly squeeze one of her tits while she got fucked. 

Dana was now stroking my dick all the way up and down and had one finger in her own pussy, but I felt another hand slide down to my balls and realised it belonged to Felicity. I glanced at Dana, who had seen what was happening and just smiled at me as she continued masturbating both of us. Our attention was snapped back to the action on the bed as Shara grunted "ah harder, fuck me harder." 

I was surprised she was so in to it, especially as she had been so quiet earlier on, but she was even thrusting her own hips back to meet his as he gently spanked one cheek of her big arse. 

Shara squealed as Tom pulled out of her, flipped her over on to her back, and collapsed back down on her, forcefully shoving his cock back into her. He held one of her legs up over his shoulder and was now hammering down into her pussy while her head hung back off the edge of the bed. She was grabbing at both of her breasts now while they bounced around on her chest and she slid one hand down to rub her clit while Tom pounded away. 

Shara let out a long deep "aaahhh" as Tom buried his dick in as deep as it would go for a couple of seconds before pulling out and grabbing it. As he stroked it, he began to spray his cum all over Shara's body while she giggled and rubbed a hand over her stomach. 

It seemed to take ages but eventually, he finished shooting his load and knelt back on the bed, Shara's leg still resting on his shoulder. The only sounds we could hear above the background music were heavy breathing, as they recovered from their exertion. 

As Tom dropped her leg onto the bed and moved away from her, Dana got up and went to kneel by Shara's face. She sat smiling down at her while, without any warning, Pete took up position between Shara's legs and pressed his cock against the opening of her sloppy hole. She didn't protest so he pushed his hips forward and plunged his dick inside her, forcing another loud "ah fuck" to escape her lips. 

I suddenly lost sight of them as my chair was spun round and then stopped, facing the other way, looking straight at Flick. She looked hungrily down at my cock which was sticking up proudly. Without saying anything, she grabbed the legs of my jeans and pulled at them. I helped by lifting my legs and allowing her to pull my jeans off and throw them to the floor. We stared into each other's eyes as she smiled a naughty smile and licked her lips. Without breaking eye contact, she lifter her own hips, slid her little yellow panties over her arse and then lifted her legs up to point them at me. 

She pushed the panties down to her knees and then leant back in her chair with her legs still pointed at me. Taking the hint, I reached up to grasp them and pulled them off her sexy legs. As soon as I dropped them to the floor, she stood up and quickly

moved across the few inches between us. As she reached me, she spread her legs wide and straddled me, sitting down on my lap facing me. We were both naked from the waist down now and we immediately put one arm around each other and the other one straight down between each other's legs. 

I ran my hand down through her tiny patch of light pubic hair and down to her pussy, which was dripping wet. As I slid my finger between her wet lips, she moaned and grabbed my cock, squeezing and beginning to rub up and down. 

We held each other close and continued playing with each other for some time, she had the cutest high pitched gasp when she felt pleasure. 

Between Shara's groans I heard some more rustling on the bed behind us followed by more heavy breathing. I was tempted to turn back around and watch Shara getting fucked some more but I didn't want to interrupt what I was doing with Felicity. I certainly didn't want her soft hand to let go of my dick. 

As I had been so obsessed with Dana in recent weeks I hadn't really thought about Flick in a romantic way but, as her firm thighs squeezed against mine, I began to notice how amazing she was. Her pale skin was soft and smooth, and I reached a hand up to feel her firm tits beneath her tank top. She let out a groan when I kissed her shoulder and she grasped my cock tighter in her hand. 

I started to notice that Flick's hand was slowing down and she had stopped moving her hips. I pulled back a few inches to look at her face and her gaze was transfixed on the scene behind me. Her mouth was open a little and she looked slightly concerned and, as she noticed me looking at her, her eyes met mine and then looked back over my shoulder. I managed to swivel the chair around just enough to look behind me but, as I looked over, my stomach leapt into my mouth and my head pounded as I instantly began to feel sick.

Shara was now stood up on her knees on the edge of the bed with Pete fucking her from behind, and there was Dana, stood facing her, holding on to Shara's shoulders. Her hips were bent away from Shara, her black knickers were stretched round her thighs and Tom was stood behind her slamming his cock into her. My jaw dropped and my throat went dry as I couldn't think how to react. Obviously I had seen Dana fuck other guys before but this was different, we were dating now. Flick and I both sat there staring dumbfounded, as Dana turned her head to look at us. 

"What the fuck Deb?" I managed to stammer out. 

Her head was bobbing about with the force of the fucking she was getting as Shara's did the same, their faces just inches away from each other. Pete was stood on his knees on the bed behind Shara, one arm wrapped around her waist and the other clutching a breast and holding her body tight to his as he slammed his hips against her backside. Tom was stood behind Dana, naked now, clutching her hips and eagerly pounding his cock into her pussy. 

She didn't react to mine and Flicks obvious shock, she just smiled as her body jolted back and forth. 

"What are you doing?" I stuttered.

"Tom said he thought Shara's pussy would be tighter than mine" she replied, panting away.

"What?" I replied, still in a state of shock and not sure how to react. Her brow furrowed just a little as if she was confused by my questioning. 

"My pussy is way tighter than hers, right honey?"

What the fuck was going on? Why was she acting like this was totally normal?

My head was pounding so hard it was all I could hear and I was in a daze. I just sat there dumbfounded as I watched my own girlfriend getting fucked. It went on for a while until I realised that my cock was still hard and was poking Flick in the stomach.

I didn't know if it was Dana acting like a slut that was turning me on, or Flick's continued slow jerking that was keeping me hard. In that moment I was so confused, I didn't know what I felt. 

Eventually, the heavy breathing in the room turned to heavier breathing and then to gasping from Dana. "Oh shit" she moaned.

I looked down to see that Tom had slid a hand around and was rubbing her clit from the front while she thrust her hips back to meet his. 

"Fuck!" Dana moaned again, louder this time. "Fuck, fuck." As we watched, she ground her hips back against Tom and shuddered her orgasm, grabbing Shara's shoulders for support. They were still fucking away although Pete had slowed a little now. Tom started grunting as he thrust his hips harder into her "I'm sorry Shara, she is tight" he panted. Then he leant in to her ear and whispered something. 

"You ready baby?" I heard Dana ask. 

"Do you want to cum inside me, do you want to cum in my little pussy?"

"What?" I choked "Deb, please don't." 

"But I promised" she replied, again acting as if this was perfectly acceptable. 

I tried to reply but no words came out and I felt totally helpless sitting there watching this play out. I was powerless to do anything but watch while Tom grunted loudly, ground his hips into her and held them there. "Oh yes, shoot it inside me" Dana moaned. 

This seemed to set Pete off and he growled at Shara "are you ready for another load?" 

"Yes" she grunted "yes I want it." 

"With another grunt, Pete slammed his cock into Shara and unloaded his cum inside her. As both of them pulled out, the girls collapsed next to each other on the bed, stroking each other gently. Without cleaning herself up, Dana just pulled her knickers back up with Tom's cum still inside her. The guys both sat down with them, laughing and joking. 

As I sat there stunned, Flick swivelled our chair back around and kissed me sweetly. I think she felt bad for me and wasn't totally happy with what Dana was doing. She pulled in close to me and lowered her voice below the music, then put her mouth to my ear and whispered "she shouldn't do this, you don't deserve it, I'm so sorry." We continued to talk quietly in the corner for a few minutes. It was a slightly weird situation, this gorgeous blonde was sat on my lap, we were both half naked and she was consoling me about my girlfriend acting like a slut. 

We heard more loud groaning from the other side of the room and looked round. 

Once again, my jaw dropped and I felt my face flush red. Tom and Shara were fondling each other while Pete was lining himself up behind Dana as she knelt on all fours on the bed. Her thong was gone now and she had spread her legs out as wide as she could for Pete to shove his dick inside her. "Dana!" I exclaimed. 

She looked up at me just as Pete thrust forward and buried himself in her pussy. 

"What's wrong," she replied, "it's only fair that he gets to compare too." 

What the fuck was going on? I didn't know if I had misunderstood our arrangement, maybe Dana thought this was just a casual thing but it had been going on for a few weeks, I couldn't have got it that wrong. Whether we'd actually put a label on it or not, she was my girlfriend and now here she was, kneeling on all fours, taking her second cock of the night into her slutty little hole. He didn't let up and just continued to pound into her as she moaned and grunted.

"Is that tight babe?" She goaded Pete. "Is that pussy tight?"

"I can't watch" I said, turning back to Flick. 

"It's okay, come with me" she said, standing up and taking my hand. I don't know if Dana saw us leave, I didn't look back. Flick carefully looked out of the bedroom door before quickly skipping across the hall to her room. I don't think anyone noticed but I don't think anyone would have cared that we were half naked. 

As we entered her room, she slowed down and reached her arms up above her head, pulling her tank top off and dropping it to the floor. As she turned to face me, she unclasped her bra and, hesitating for a moment as she caught my eye, pulled it away from her chest. Her breasts were incredible, they were big but not too big, just the right size for her frame and she had tiny, light pink nipples. She reached out, pulling me to her with one hand and stretching the other one out to grab my dick. 

She pulled me towards her and kissed me gently. "I'm sorry she did that, she gets carried away sometimes" she said softly, "a guy like you doesn't deserve that, let me make it up to you." With that, she practically tried to shove her tongue down my throat. We kissed passionately as she pressed her whole body against mine. I reached around to grab her arse and realised how perfect it was. Her skin was smooth and warm and her arse was firm but soft at the same time. As she started to wank my shaft, she moved her hand in a twisting motion as well, creating an amazing sensation for me. 

We made out like this for a while as we played with each other. As she became more aroused, she cocked her thigh out to the side a little to spread her pussy wide as I ran my finger through her folds. Eventually, she slowly walked backwards a few paces and broke off the kiss to lie back on the bed and pull me down next to her. She ran her hands over my chest and pushed me back as she climbed on top of me. 

I reached up and clasped her boobs with both hands as she moaned. "She doesn't deserve you, I've been thinking about this since the first time we met." 

With that, she lined my cock up with the wet lips of her pussy and slowly dropped her weight down, pushing me inside of her and letting out a loud sigh of pleasure. 

She was wet and my cock slid straight into her as she sat down. Despite my mixed emotions, I was still turned on and her pussy felt incredible. At that moment, I thought it was even better than Dana's and I just sighed as she started to rock back and forth. We fucked like this for some time until she began to tire and I pulled her down towards me. I rolled her over onto her side, slid in behind her, pressing my body up against hers, and lifted her leg slightly so I could slide my cock into her from behind. 
