 Here is a reprint of the original. i admit it sucked before so I hope it's a little better now. be on the look out for part 2 coming soon. 

*

For twelve years I was married to that fucking bitch. Why did I do it you ask? Well simple; she was hot and claimed to be pregnant with my baby. Little did I know she was lying and "conveniently" had a period a few days after the ceremony. I stayed with her for twelve semi-happy years, and then it all fell apart.

My name is Jake Ross, I'm thirty four and now am wishing I would have kept my dick in my pants. The bitch was cheating on me for over a year before I found out about it. After I booted her ass out she hired a prick lawyer and I nearly lost my life as the messy divorce drug on. I got ripped in half by that fucker in court as she used the judge like a pimp so a ho could get paid. When it was all said and done I was down to my half of the house and my car. She couldn't touch my family estate as my father had his lawyer snap her off from it, so I was lucky for that. My parents were not too happy with the divorce and let me know of it by pretty much excluding me from everything. 

I luckily got to keep my job as a whore for a major investing firm. I was seemingly set to drone on and on in my misery with no hope of anything. I do work for foreign investors for a fortune five company. It is not the greatest job, but it pays the bills and the cunt's alimony. I later found out she married that same prick lawyer and was having his child. I started to drink a lot for a while and let myself go. I really wanted to die sometimes, but one day I had an epiphany. It hit me like a double barreled shotgun to the chest. 

My job had some perks to it as I was able to easily find dirt on my superiors. You'd be surprised how sloppy big shots are about paper trails. I smiled as the knowledge became the tools of how I could make myself the man I should have been. I used my new knowledge like an assassin and in seven short months I landed five major contracts and got five of the yuppies above me fired for various reasons. I then used a paper trail I found and had the chairman dismissed for his little habit of buying pussy with the company funds. Before long I had moved from the cubicle to a higher office on the higher floors. The next year I had the alimony dropped thanks to my new found money and getting a great lawyer to get her suit dropped. I was all smiles when I found out the bitch was kicked out of her husband's house. It seems he found out her nasty little habit of being a whore and he was not playing her bullshit games. 

She tried to get back with me, but it wasn't going to happen. I smiled so demonically as she begged me for forgiveness. I did nothing except leave her to pay the check at the restaurant she took me to. I didn't return a single call or email from her as she hounded me constantly. It got so fucking annoying that I confronted her in a rage. When the smoke settled I had no idea where the animal I became had come from. The words came out of my mouth like a dragon's breath and she was reduced to a teary eyed wreck. God I felt so good at that moment! I strode out of her shit hole apartment with an ear to ear grin. If I had fangs at that moment my look would have been complete.

After I was done with her I looked in the mirror and was disgusted. It was at that moment I decided to take charge of everything in my life. I went to the gym nearly everyday and my body slowly took shape again. Gone was the tire and sagging chest of the broken loser and reborn was my stomach and pectorals. My arms took a solid shape and my legs firmed nicely. I was getting close to where I wanted to be; thirty four and making a high six figure salary. I had an office that had no dirt on me, better still was the office was terrified as they all knew. It would be easy for me to have any of them gone before they could dig up anything and the cocks knew it. My bitch of an ex was gone totally from my life as she decided to take a little too much of her codeine pills. She wound up dead and the baby was given to her ex. I laughed at the news and didn't feel bad what so ever. 

I sat in my office one day wondering what else I needed to make my life complete. I had money, power, and now looks. My cock was starting to get firmer and firmer as the herbal supplements I was taking made my blood pressure nearly perfect. My cock was always a good thing in my life. Eight inches and three wide it made the bitch scream when I used it on her, but lately I had no time for that. I decided to get out and make my life worth living once again. I, at first, was lame and went to the bars hoping to find something to pass the time, but boy was that a mistake. The hoochies in there were good at two things; nothing and even less. I was about to make my turn towards anything when I decided to move from my apartment to a nicer local. My company had an opening in San Francisco and I took it as it was a major upgrade, but more than that I needed to leave New York. I packed my gear and was gone without so much as a "fuck you buh bye!" It took me a few weeks, but I found a nice place in the city. At the dawn of the first day of me being in my new house I felt great. I took to my new home with gusto and before long I found a great gym, a wonderful cafe, and a great place to relax. It was at the gym that I unknowingly met the third part in my life's rebirth.

I was on the treadmill running at a steep angle making my lungs burn when I saw the sight that nearly made me break my neck. She was a young thing, couldn't be more than nineteen, she was fully stacked however. Her thin waist and massive ass made my shorts nearly rip open. She had a tight athletic bra on that strained heavily against a pair of at least D sized breasts. She had a tan completion that showed she was either Latin or Mediterranean in complex. Her hair was a thick lustrous black and she had it tied in a high pony tail. 

When she started to run I kept going. I had run my normal four miles and didn't stop until she did, that was seven miles later. I nearly had a heart attack as I got off the tread mill. She noticed my discomfort and came to me.

"Are you alright sir?" she asked me in a concerned voice.

I saw her face and it was even nicer than her body. She had brown eyes and full pout lips. Her nose was perfect to her features and her cheeks had slight dimples in them. Her soft hand touched my shoulder and it felt like a jolt. 

"I'm fine, just overdid it a little." I panted. 

She helped me to a chair and had me sit down. She got my water bottle and gave me a drink. I watched her fuss over me to my protests, but she had none of it. 

"I'm training to be a nurse sir, let me help you. You may be dehydrating." she said officially.

I looked at her incredulously as she took a towel wet it then started to wipe my face down. I smiled at the simple kindness she was doing. I felt like an eel as I had been leering at her the whole time, and yet her she was being nice. I guess the nice man in me was trying to come back to the front, but the dick I had become was stifling him.

"There you seem to be cooling off nicely, go stretch and hit the sauna. It'll make you feel better." she said smiling.

I nodded my head and got to my feet, she helped me stand the lovely woman she is. I started to walk and my thighs let me know I shouldn't have run that hard. I staggered off towards the sauna and to my surprise she followed me to make sure I got there in one piece. She helped me in the sauna and started the steam. I saw her bent over the controls and my shorts became very uncomfortable. Her juicy ass was not but three feet in front of me and it was a sight to behold. The heart shape of it was the first thing that caught my attention, then the way her shorts framed her ass to her smooth lean legs. She was well proportioned to say the least. I figured she stood only five feet four inches, so the curves definitely made her stand out.

She got up looked over at me and I was able to turn my head away from the grand spectacle of her body. My eyes panned up towards her lovely face. She had a pleasant look on her face as she chirped out it was going to be all right then left slowly swaying her hips. My poor brain was in overdrive at the spectacle of this woman, I wanted to see more of her I determined then and there. 

I spent the next few weeks at the gym like it was a new religion. I found her days of going to be simple three day a week variety. She was obviously the attraction of the gym as many men came and gawked and tried to hit her up. She was a tough cookie as most were let down easy, the ones who pressed got let down hard then tossed out on their heads, some not in that order. I kept to myself for a while at first gauging her likes and dislikes, I had scored deals with stuck up Japanese companies before so this challenge was just up my alley. 

I spent the next few days just being social to her, and the plan was working as she didn't like overly aggressive men. I figured she was either inexperienced, or maybe she hadn't gone all the way as stand offish as she was. We exchanged pleasantries on a few occasions and then I decided to make my play. After a nice workout involving the treadmill and talking about music I went for broke.

"I'm going for a fruit smoothie after this, want one? My treat." I asked her politely. I used the savvy I picked up negotiating to put her at ease with my request. Her eyes brightened up and she nodded her head.

"Oh that sounds yummy. Do you mind if we go to a different smoothie bar I know of? Theirs is absolutely delicious!" she chirped at me with pleading eyes.

The voice she pleaded at me with made me uncomfortable to say the least. She was so damn cute it was terrifying. We dried off and I changed into my casuals. I was wearing a simple button up shirt and slacks. My shoes were nice dress shoes, but they were comfortable enough to wear casual. I went out to my car and admired it. I had bought it to please my own mind back when I was married, and it was the sole possession of mine that survived her prick... lawyer I meant to say. It was a metallic gray 2007 Shelby GT mustang. I spent some money after my contract to fix it up. I made it look hot to say the least. I know most of the rich buy Bentley and the likes, but I loved this car from the moment I laid eyes upon it at the dealership. I looked up and saw her come out. She was wearing black yoga pants and a pink top. She was just a knock out to say the least.

"Wow nice car!" she exclaimed as she came up. Her eyes were wide and traveled over my car. She was drooling over it it looked like. "Old school front grill, twin pipes...wow that is an awesome ride!" she continued.

She knew her cars, I was impressed. She looked up at me and I had an ace to play. 

"Seems as though you know where the place is..." I started then tossed her the keys and she caught them wide eyed, "why don't you drive us there." I said smiling.

She squeaked ran up and hugged me. I felt her breasts squash against my chest and my crotch responded against my wishes. She hopped up on her tip toes, I am six three after all, and kissed me on the cheek. She then jumped into the drivers seat and waited patiently. I got in and had barely sat down when the engine fired to life and she tore out of the parking lot. She knew how to drive a car it seemed. She was bubbling out little bits of facts about Mustangs the whole drive and she was so happy to be driving one. I knew that I had scored cool points with her for this. She pulled into a nice trendy bar in the part of town that made me look at it funny. It was the part of San Francisco that catered to the gay community. She hopped out and urged me on. 

As I got out she took my hand and drug me along behind her into the bar. We entered the place and it was full of people sitting around drinking coffee and espressos. The shake bar was in full swing as three men were pumping out shakes for a large crowd. She stood in the line with me and I felt her squeeze my hand. I was enjoying the attention she was giving my hand when she leaned into me and whispered, "The banana mango strawberry is amazing by the way."

I nodded my head and decided to give it a try. We got to the front and ordered. It took a few minutes and then we got a seat. 

"My name's Belinda. What's yours?" she asked me as we sat.

"Jake, Jake Ross. Nice to finally meet you Belinda." I said politely taking her hand and kissing the top of it.

She giggled at my old way of greeting her. She and I spoke a lot of each other and what was going on. I found out she was going to be a nurse in a few months as her schooling was near up. She was also into rock music which came as a shock to me. She also told me she had gotten out of a bad relationship. She didn't speak too much of it, but I could relate. I told her of myself and she sat there listening intently. She was watching me speak as if she was a school girl watching her favorite professor. I felt her warm gaze upon me and we simply just enjoyed the moment. When I was done with my shake I looked at my watch, it was after three in the afternoon and I did need to get back to work, but then again I am the boss so it wasn't a thing to call out for the rest of the day. She had to get home as her roommate was going to make their favorite for dinner. I offered to give her a ride as she didn't have a car and she was in heaven at the thought.

We got out to my car and I smiled yet again and tossed her the keys. She looked at me then said, "Wow...twice in one day. Jake your too nice."

I shrugged my shoulders and got into the car. We drove to her place which was further into the neighborhood. We got to her place and she looked back at me.

"Want to come in?" she asked me softly. I nodded my head and she took my hand again. We went into her apartment and it was a mess. She was sheepish about the mess and cleared off a spot. I sat on the couch and she patted my cheek.

"Be right back." she purred and sauntered off to her room.

I sat back in the couch and it wasn't the clutter of her and her roommate that caught my attention, it was the amount of bras and panties on the floor that caught me. They were obviously liberated when it came to each others bodies and I was simply happy to be here. I sat back in the room and looked across the way to the TV, on top were some pictures. I got up and looked at them and saw Belinda hugging a very attractive Latina. I guess that she was her roommate. I was looking at the various pictures when I heard her come back. I looked back over my shoulder and she was wearing a simple house robe that cut at her mid thigh. It was black with Asian dragon designs and looked to be of silk. She walked up to me and without a word she got up on her toes and kissed me on the lips softly. I looked back at her and she smiled.

"That's for letting me drive that beautiful car of yours. I always wanted to drive one before, so thank you so much!" she chirped then kissed me again. I caught her around the waist this time and lifted her up. 

She sighed and kissed me harder this time. I shifted her and she hopped up and put her legs around my back. My cock throbbed between my legs as she snaked her tongue into my mouth. I was in heaven at this point as she continued to devour my face. She then pulled back and looked at me in her beautiful eyes.

"I knew you were watching me the first day we met. I also know that you ran so hard not to miss a minute of me running. I like the endurance it shows you have. You do have that endurance right baby?" she said to me with a hungry look. I smiled at her darkly and she shivered in my arms. 

I leaned forward and kissed her hard on the mouth causing her to moan into me. I turned about and pressed her against her wall. She groaned as my cock became hard as steel. It was pressed against her leg and she felt it through my slacks. She got wide eyed as it pressed against her and she looked down.

"That thing is huge!" she exclaimed as she undid her legs from my back and got down on the floor.

She unzipped my fly reached into my slacks and found what she wanted. I sighed as she pulled me out through my zipper. I was enormous it seemed in her small hands and she started to pump me slowly. As she a did a dribble of precum leaked out of my head. She smiled and looked at me naughtily, then snaked her tongue across my leaking slit. I threw my head back and groaned loudly. She purred on my dickhead then licked me again. She continued her licks until I felt her mouth take me in. I grabbed her shoulders as she did and my his inadvertently pumped forwards. She groaned as my cock filled her little mouth. I was enraptured as her full lips sucked hard on me. I felt the twinge in my loins and she did as well. I had gone a long time without relief and she saw the tortured look in my eyes.

"It's been a while for you baby?" she asked me in a soft voice. 

I nodded my head and she looked at me painfully. "How can a cute guy like you have gone a while?" she asked incredulously.

I looked down at her and told her why. She was shocked to say the least. She was angry with my ex for being such a bitch and was stunned at how hard I worked to get myself to my current place.

"Wow Jake, that's fucked up. I'm sorry your life hasn't been so great, but I can make you feel right today." she said smiling at me. 

I looked at her and she undid her robe letting it drop to the floor. She was fully nude underneath! Her generous tits were capped with thick dark nipples and areola. Her dripping slit was shaved completely bald and it looked delicious. Belinda held out her hands to me and slowly undid my shirt. My chest had gotten bigger thanks to the gym and my own taking of work out supplements. She smiled as she saw it and licked my nipples as she undid the shirt. Again I was in heaven as this beautiful woman was torturing me softly. She slid down my body dragging her tits along me and undid my slacks then slid them down my legs. She undid my shoes and socks then took them all off. She pushed me back so I fell on my back on the couch. She crawled along at me then took my cock in her hands.

Belinda stroked me hard and sucked me back into her mouth. She sucked me with a fury, I was lost in my own little world of lust as she did. She twirled her tongue on the tip ad sucked me hard into her mouth. She then opened wide and took me deep into her throat. I screamed out as she did. She smiled up at me with her mouth fully on me and it looked so damn hot. 

"Cum in my mouth baby. You deserve it." she whispered to me as she pulled off. 

She then sucked harder and harder and I lost it. I fired off a massive blast of cum. She sucked and swallowed as fast as she could, but I was too much for her and it dribbled out of her mouth and down her chin. She pulled me out of her mouth and stroked me and another shot hit her in the lips and she groaned. I was drained and it felt great. She licked herself and my cock clean then smiled u at me.

"Wow you were really pent up weren't you baby?" she asked me sweetly.

I put my hand on her face and she kissed it softly. I sat up and pulled her towards me. I kissed her hungry mouth and she sighed as I did. I tasted my cum on her tongue, but didn't care. I then turned her over on her back and began to make my claim on her. 

I licked her neck softly and she giggled. I trailed my tongue down to her thick nipples and sucked them both hard. She sighed and whimpered seductively as I did. I knew she was enjoying this as her body began to writhe under me. I continued my furious assault on her nipples and she started to grind her crotch into my stomach. I felt her sopping heat against me and I needed a taste. I licked her down her firm belly then down her firm hips. She was whimpering as I did and I continued my own torture of her. I licked her hips then down her thigh. She cried out as my hand brushed her clit. I licked her thigh down to her knee. She whimpered and pleaded me for more so I continued. I got to her feet then licked her toes and she moaned loudly. I then lifted her leg straight up and repeated my journey up it. I got to the back of he thigh and she screamed out in pleasure. I then angled my head and went to the juicy part of her being. I licked the slit from bottom to top and she bucked. I spread her legs wide and dove my tongue deep into her. She cried out as I did then I furiously went to work on her pussy. Her juices dribbled down my chin as she screamed and cried out at my ministrations. She undulated under me her hip bucking against my face as I continued my onslaught. She grabbed a double handful of my hair and started to buck wildly. I felt her spasm under my hands and she screamed as her juicy pussy flooded my tongue with her sweet nectar.
