 My Life As A Financial Advisor
Chapter 3: Michelle & Samantha

The office from which I work has about one hundred employees. Most of the employees are field agents like myself. About ninety percent of them are men. There are also about ten administrators - secretaries, assistants, etc. All the administrators are female. Don't ask me why, I don't make up the rules. And, almost all of them are good looking females.

One of the best looking secretaries is a woman by the name of Michelle. Michelle started working for the company about five years ago, and is one of the best workers you will find. She is dependant, loyal, hard working, and incredibly sexy. She was born in France, and moved to Canada when she was eighteen. Over the next four years she worked as a live-in nanny for a very wealthy couple. By the time she came to work for us, her English was fairly decent and it didn't take her long to impress management with her work ethics.

A few of the guys in the office attempted to go out with her, but she didn't seem interested in getting involved with an office relationship. With her appearance and her incredible personality, I'm sure she had no doubt getting a date whenever she wanted one.

Michelle and I got along fairly good. Not that we saw all that much of each other. After all, as an advisor, I only made money when I was visiting clients, so I spent very little time actually in the office. Up to this point, our relationship was mostly via the phone; with our conversation focusing on me getting up to date information on my clients.

I guess that's why she caught me off guard the day I showed up on my motorcycle. I wasn't planning on working that day, so I was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. We have a strict dress code in the office, and we are not allowed to enter the office area without a dress shirt and tie on. So, I walked up to the counter and asked Michelle if she would go and get my mail for me.

She came back with a few pieces of mail and smiled as she pointed at my helmet. "I didn't know you had a bike."

"Yeah, I've been riding since I was old enough to have a license. There's nothing like feeling the wind on your face as you ride the open road."

"Oh, I can think of at least one thing that feels better," she said with a wink, "but you are right, the feeling on a bike is great! It's been a long time since I've been on a bike, though. Maybe some time you'd give me a ride."

"I'd love to let you ride me, err, with me, I mean." 

She smiled back, obviously enjoying the flirting. "Well, I'd love the ride either way."

"Tell you what, Michelle, I've got a few things to do this afternoon, but how about I pick you up after work and we'll go for a bit of a ride?"

"That sounds like a wonderful plan," she said, her face lighting up. "However, I can't ride on the bike in this thing." She pointed her hands at her outfit. She had on a loose fitting blouse and a short skirt. Her legs seemed to go on forever, and I couldn't help but take a longer look than necessary. "Why don't you pick me up at my house about a half hour after I get off. That way I can quickly get changed into riding gear."

"Sounds great," I said, taking down her address. "I'll see you then."

I headed out and jumped on the bike and started down the road, trying to tell myself not to get too excited. After all, it may have just been harmless flirting. It might just be a bike ride. But, I couldn't stop myself from thinking about Michelle riding something else also. I showed up at her house right on time, the roar of my bike signaling my arrival about thirty seconds earlier. I jumped off the bike and took a spare helmet out of one of the saddlebags just as Michelle came out of the house.

She was incredible looking. Her reddish-brown hair was held back in a ponytail. She was wearing a black t-shirt that clung tight to her body, revealing the shape of her two precious breasts, pushing out from the material. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her nipples were clearly as excited about the ride as I was. Her jeans were skin tight, in fact, I can't remember ever seeing someone with jeans so tight fitting. I took in her incredible figure, and had to hold my breath for a second, imagining what it would be like to undress her. Her face was still lit up, her full lips smiling through bright red lipstick. 

As she came down the walkway towards me, she seemed to be enjoying showing herself off to me. She walked slowly, allowing me to take her in. She knew she was hot, and was proud of the kind of reaction she was causing in me. I watched as she reached up and put her shades on, slowly, her eyes staying on mine until they were lost behind the dark lenses of the glasses.

"So, do I look like a biker babe?" She asked, smiling as she came up bouncing beside me.

"Are you kidding? I trying to think of where we can go so I can show you off!"

I handed her the spare helmet and she fastened it on. "Tell you what, Pete, let's go for a nice long country ride, I'm not in the mood to see a lot of people. You can show me off another time, first you need to get to know me."

"That, Michelle, is music to my ears."

With that, I started the bike and we jumped on and headed down the street with the roar of the engine echoing through our ears.

As we headed down the open road, we said very little. Not that you can't talk on the bike. You do have to yell, but it is possible to have a conversation. It just seemed like talking wasn't necessary at this point. I was enjoying the feel of the bike, and the feel of the women with her legs wrapped around me. Her arms were wrapped loosely around my waist, and I couldn't help but fantasize about them moving lower. The bike vibrated with each twist of the throttle, and I wondered what it felt like for her. Was she any where as near turned on as me?

I knew how Crystal felt after a long ride. She showed me many times. Her pussy would be soaked by the end of an hour long ride. She said the vibration of the bike did wonders to her body. Many times she would reach down and rub my cock as we rode the highway. 

Was Michelle experiencing the same thing? I sure hoped so. My mind was lost in thoughts of how wet her pussy might be. What did she taste like? Was she shaved? I thought of how much I would like to put my tongue inside of her. How much I wanted to lick her dry right now. 

My cock was pushing hard inside my jeans, and I shifted slightly on the bike to try and get it into a better position. 

What would those incredible lips feel like wrapped around my shaft? I don't know why, but I was sure that she would give an incredible blow job. She just seemed like she had the perfect lips for sucking cock. I found myself getting lost in the idea of this beautiful French woman on her knees as I stood before her with my cock pointing out towards her. I imagined her smiling as she opened her full, red lips and took in my hard tool. Slowly it disappeared inside that hot mouth, her eyes closing as she took me in as far as she could. Her tongue flicking and sliding around the shaft as her lips closed around it. Then, slowly at first, she would begin to suck. Moving her head back and forth, taking me out right to the tip of the head before sliding me back in as far as possible. Soon my hips would begin to help, and I would begin to pump as I enjoyed fucking her mouth. I thought of what it would be like to explode inside that beautiful mouth. Would she swallow my load. Does she enjoy that kind of thing? I sure hope so.

My thoughts shifted to her lying on the bed, naked and ready. Her legs spread apart, beckoning me to her. I imagined what her pussy would taste like, as I buried my face between her legs. She would moan as her hips raised up trying to get more of my tongue in her. Her words would shift back to her native tongue as she encouraged me to do more in French.

I thought of moving up her body, enjoying her breasts before finally settling down on her, sliding my cock inside her pussy. How tight would she be? Probably very tight. My cock would slide in deep and the warmth of her juices would almost be too much for me to handle. Our fucking would be intense; hard and fast. 

"You just ran a stop sign back there." I jumped at the sound of her voice, and was quickly brought back to reality. "You must have been deep in thought." She yelled over the roar of the engine.

I looked down and realized that I was moving far faster than the speed limit. I eased up on the throttle and felt the bike slow down. "Yeah, I guess I was." 

"What were you thinking about?" Michelle asked, her hands tightening around my sides.

"Well, perhaps I should tell you later." I couldn't think of what else to say.

"I have a better idea," She replied, "let's head back to my place and you can show me."

My lips parted in a wide grin, she knew exactly what I had been thinking. And she didn't mind. 

I turned the bike around and we started the ride back to her place. It seemed like the road went on forever and that we would never get home. 

Finally we pulled up outside her house and jumped off the bike. "That was amazing!" Michelle said, pulling the helmet off her head. "I definitely need to learn how to ride. I could do that every day. I've got chills all over my body. And the vibrations; well, let's just say, they do wonders to me."

She leaned over and kissed me, catching me off guard, and then pulled away. "Thanks for taking me for a ride, Pete." She handed me the helmet, and for a minute I thought she was going to say goodbye and leave me standing at the curb with a massive hard on in my pants.

She moved fast, and started up the driveway. I just stood there, holding both helmets, looking like an idiot. I didn't know what to say or what to do. I was just mesmerized by the incredible sight of this shapely French woman moving up the walkway to her house. She walked up the stairs and took a hold of her door handle, and then turned around and looked at me.

"Well," she said, lifting a finger and inviting me to come, "are you done riding or are you ready for more?"

I quickly threw the helmets in the saddlebags and hooked the lock to the bike. I tried to keep my eyes on the lovely woman at the door as I secured the bike. I saw her wink and disappear into the house, and found myself moving quickly, not really caring if the bike was stolen or not.

I ran up the walkway and headed inside, closing the door behind me.

She was no where to be seen. Then I noticed a sock hanging off the first stair, heading up to the second floor. I smiled as I looked up the stairs, seeing the second sock about halfway up. I kicked off my boots and started towards the staircase, pulling off my own socks and undressing as I followed the path of clothes.

At the top of the stairs I found her black t-shirt that had clung so tightly to her chest just a few minutes earlier. By now my own shirt was off, and I was unzipping my jeans. Her jeans were laying just outside what must have been her bedroom. I paused and picked them up. I thought about how tight they were on her body, looking like a second skin on her. The crotch area was damp, and I figured she was probably not wearing panties under them while on the bike. I lifted the crotch to my face and took in the clear aroma of her love juices. I couldn't wait to taste her.

I walked into the bedroom and saw her, lying in the middle of her king-size bed. She was on her size, her arm draped over her chest, hiding my view of her breasts. Her legs were crossed and I couldn't see any part of her pussy. 

"Hi." She said, barely above a whisper. She was toying with me, but I didn't mind. I was hooked. She had me. Not that it would have taken much to get me.

"Hi." I said back, walking towards the bed. I stood at the side of the bed and looked down at her. My cock stood up at full alert, hard and ready. I watched as her eyes moved from my face down my body and locked on my manhood. 

"Whose your friend?" She asked, turning onto her stomach and sliding towards me. 

Before I could say anything, I felt her lips wrap around my cock and she began to suck me. I looked down at her naked body, her smooth back flowing down to her firm ass. I wanted to kiss her ass so badly.

Her mouth was so much hotter than I anticipated. Her tongue very forceful on my shaft. Her hands reached up and began to pull on my balls as her mouth sucked in most of my eight inches. I groaned at how good it felt. Her mouth did wonders. I had never experienced a mouth this good. She knew how to suck cock. Her hands squeezed harder around my balls, encouraging them to give her a prize. She was determined. 

I think she knew that I was ready to explode while on the bike. I didn't matter what happened, I wasn't going to hold my load for long. I guess she figured the best thing to do would be to get me off quickly and then we could focus on a longer session after I recuperated. 

Whatever her thinking, she just sucked harder. I wasn't in her mouth more than two minutes before I grunted and felt my cock swell and my load blast into her warm mouth. She let out a short squeal as she swallowed all that I had to offer her. Her hand continued to squeeze my balls, trying to get every last bit of cum out of me and into her mouth. 

Slowly she pulled her mouth off of my shaft, gently kissing it a few times, licking the tip of my head clean. She looked up at me and smiled, "Thank you, that was a delicious treat."

She moved back to the middle of the bed, turning onto her back and pulling herself up to a sitting position. This time she made no attempt to hide her body, and I looked down at her gorgeous breasts sticking out firmly from her chest.

Her next comment caught me completely off guard. "Tell you what, Peter. Why don't you sit over there on that chair until you catch your breath." Her eyes pointed over to a rocking chair in the corner of her room.

I looked over at it and then back at her. I was confused and it showed. 

"Trust me, lover. Sit in the chair." I was intrigued, and moved over to the rocker and sat down, my cock slowly become limp as it relaxed from the great sucking it had just received. I looked over at this vision of loveliness laying naked on her bed, wondering why I wasn't beside her.

"I need to tell you something, and I hope you don't get mad at me for it." She started, her words coming slowly and carefully. Too carefully to be serious. I could tell she was playing with me, but I had no idea what she was going to say next.

"From the moment you agreed to take me for a ride, I knew that we would end up here afterwards. However, I wanted to do something a little extra with you tonight. So, I invited a friend you know to join us."

My first thought went to Dave, my manager, who was having an affair with my wife. "Just my luck," I thought to myself, "Now I have to share a second woman with him!"

"Would you mind if Samantha joined us?" Michelle said, looking over at the open door. I followed her gaze and saw Samantha standing in the door frame. 

Samantha was another secretary at the office. I guessed her to be about 26. She had very short blonde hair and the deepest blue eyes I've ever seen. Her and Michelle were best friends, but I had no idea they did everything together.

Samantha stood with her arms at her side, completely naked. Her breasts were about half the size of Michelle's and stood firm, her nipples at attention. My gaze moved down her very fit body, pausing at her midsection, noticing that she had no pubic hair.

"Hi Pete," she said, as she walked into the room. "Thanks for inviting me to join you guys, Michelle. I really enjoyed watching you suck his beautiful cock."

I was shocked sitting in the rocker listening to these two gorgeous secretaries talk about me. I watched as Samantha climbed onto the bed and kissed Michelle. 

"Hmmm," Samantha moaned, "I can still taste him on your mouth."

"Just wait until you have him yourself, Sam, he's very tasty indeed."

They kissed again, this time their mouths opened and their tongues met. 

I watched as their hands began to feel their way around each other's body; their lips staying tight against each other. Michelle was the first to break the kiss. She moved down Sam's body until her lips closed around a nipple. I was frozen as I watched Michelle pull at Sam's nipple with her teeth, nipping at it while her hand closed around the other breast. Sam's breathing was coming heavier as Michelle began to move further down her body.

I looked down and saw my cock responding to the incredible sight on the bed. Michelle moved down between Samantha's legs and began to eat her. I couldn't believe my eyes as I saw how excited Sam was to have another woman's mouth on her pussy. She groaned as her hands reached for Michelle's darker hair, pushing her deeper between her legs.

My view was from the bottom corner of the bed, and I couldn't see Michelle's mouth on Sam's cunt, but I knew what she was doing. Michelle was on her knees, and her pussy was in full view. Like Samantha, it seemed to be clean shaven. It glistened with juice and I found myself staring.

Finally I decided to join the fun. I stood up and moved over to the bed. Michelle was still enjoying Sam's pussy, and I decided that her own cunt was just to accessible for me to ignore. She jumped slightly as she felt my tongue touch her moist lips. She lifted her ass a little higher in the air to allow me to get my tongue deeper into her. The only sounds in the room were the slurping of pussy juices and the moaning of the two woman as they enjoyed the oral sex.

Soon Michelle turned around and kissed me. The taste of her own juices mixed with those of Samantha as our tongues met. Sam moved to join us and the three of us stood on our knees on the king-size bed, kissing and feeling each other.

Soon the woman lowered me to the bed and Michelle lifted her leg over top of me. She slowly lowered herself down on my very hard tool. My cock easily entered her soaking wet cunt, and she settled down on top of me. 

Meanwhile, Samantha moved up to my head and lifted herself up and down onto my face. She sat backwards on me, so that she could look at Michelle. Her pussy tasted so different than Michelle's and it settled down on my mouth.

The women began to kiss and play with each other's breasts as Michelle moved up and down on my shaft. My tongue slid deep inside Samantha, and I lapped up her cunt with abandonment. All of us were groaning with passion.

I reached down and slide a couple of fingers into Michelle's pussy as it pounded down on my cock. I knew that I was going to last awhile since I had already cum once. With my fingers wet from her juices, I moved my hand under Sam's leg and up to her ass. As I continued to lick her cunt, I placed one of the wet fingers at her tight asshole, and began to finger it. She groaned louder as I slid the tip of the finger into her hole. Soon it was deep inside her. I then pushed the second finger into her and began to pump her ass with my hand.

She was the first to cum. She began to buck on my face as I finger-fucked her ass while my tongue flicked at her clit. Her moans were muffled by Michelle's mouth locked on her mouth. I pumped my hand harder as I felt her pussy lips tighten on my face. As she came, she literally squirted her juices right deep into my mouth. I drank her up as her cunt shuddered on my lips.

Samantha reached down and began to play with Michelle's clit as she rode my manhood. She squeezed and pulled at her cunt as my cock moved in and out of her. I felt her begin to tighten and it was too much for me. I grunted as my cock started to swell for a second time and I exploded my load deep inside of her. As soon as my cum hit the walls of her cunt, Michelle began her own orgasm, moaning loudly as her cunt tightened even more around my shaft.
