 Joanna was just finishing her first year as a Science teacher in a northern city in England. She'd never really seen herself as a teacher, but after finishing her degree, just on a whim, perhaps the lack of a better idea, had signed up for a years teacher training course. 

Now, after her first year of work, Jo had found she had real talent as a teacher. She was able to enthuse her students with science. In particular, she had loved the A level Physics course. That was the final two years study before University entrance. Her predecessor had just retired and had obviously been struggling. With a lot of work by the kids and herself, she was hopeful for good exam results and success in getting entrants to top Colleges and courses.

Jo wasn't naïve and didn't suffer from false modesty. She knew she was a looker, not beautiful, but pretty with long brunette hair. Just 65 inches tall, her figure was well, entrancing, particularly for 18, 19 year old boys. A conventional 36, 24, 36 figure, was not ordinary at all, with firm DD breasts, a plump but delightful ass and very shapely legs. Since moving to Derby, she'd had no boyfriends, though there had been plenty of offers. Getting settled in her career had been the priority.

She was only human though, with a healthy sex drive and was more and more horny. The school was mixed sex and some of the boys were gorgeous, tall, slim and athletic. She wasn't proud that many of her fantasies at night, included one or several of her students.

In the last week of term, two of the lads, stayed back at the end of the lesson.

"Miss, you've been great this year. We know we have a chance of good grades because of you and can't thank you enough." Andy finished.

"Well thanks Andy, that means a lot to me, being in my first year. But any success is down to you all getting stuck into the work, really."

"We beg to differ, but no point in arguing. Look, seven of us, two of the girls and five boys, are going off to Amsterdam to celebrate the end of term in two weeks. We were just wondering, well, it's just, would you like to come with us for a week. What do you think? Dave asked.

"Well I don't know, it's a very unusual suggestion, I'm not sure it's proper. It's just that, well, I'd be a fool not to notice, that some of you lads, have shown some interest. you know, in me."

"Miss Trueman, we all have some interest as you put it, but this is above board. It's just a chance to see the sites, museums, you know."

"And the fact that Marijuana is legal there and it's the sex capital of Europe, that didn't figure in your choice David."

"Perish the thought, what a cynical view you have of us. Though now you mention it, the thought of you, naked on a stage in a club, isn't that unpleasant." He finished.

"That's enough, let me think about it, now push off will you."

The boys left and she sank into a brief daydream. Yes that did feature her naked on a sex club stage, surrounded by her students. Jo felt herself getting moist and returned to marking some papers. She had to admit though, the idea was tempting, she had no other plans for the Summer and the boys were really fit. Teachers shouldn't think that way, no, but then there were the two girls to consider. Who else was going to be able to protect them. On the other hand, who was going to protect her. Did she want to be protected? No, probably not.

Two days later, Jo agreed to join the trip, but tried to establish the rules.

"So Lucinda and Jerry will share a room with me and you five boys will be in the other two rooms. Well I suppose that will be OK then, I think." And you're all over 18, I know.

In reality, she wasn't sure at all, whether she could trust the others, or herself for that matter. It had been over a year since she'd had sex. As of now, she would settle for any sex with anyone, that was the problem.

"Most important, no discussion about this trip with anyone, before we leave or after we come back. Do we agree? ... Well do we?

"Yes alright Jo, it makes sense, for all our sakes." Bill one of the other boys on the trip, agreed.

They met after school and finalised arrangements, what flight they were going on and Jo agreed to find three rooms in a cheap tourist hotel.

After the end of term and in the week before the trip, Jo thought about it more than seemed healthy. She really was anxious for some action, male or female. On the morning of the flight, they all met up at the airport and the kids all hugged each other. They looked at her and gave her a group hug too. She was conscious of several hands on her Ass and legs, one hand tried to push under her shorts. Jo gently pulled away, pink and flustered. This situation was already looking dangerous. Still they were all over 18, she wouldn't be risking jail.

After security, they all sat down with coffees and she started to relax. The conversation, or banter, was funny and intelligent. Quickly, she was casting off the role of teacher and adopting to one of older, slightly older, sister. After boarding, Jo found her paperback and started reading.

The flight really was short. They'd hardly reached cruising altitude, before starting to descend into Schipol Airport. Jo was as excited as the rest of them. They took the bus into the centre of the city and found their way to the hotel. There was a pretty Blonde in reception, about Jo's age.

After signing them in and taking there passport for registration, she said.

"This is a respectable hotel, the manager won't have drunkenness or rowdy late nights. I hope you understand."

"Oh I quite understand, we're here for the museums, the sites, you know." David reassured her.

"Yes, I'm sure you are." She grinned, unconvinced. "Well just remember what I said, thankyou."

They all went upstairs to their respective rooms and met in reception, ten minutes later. They'd agreed that the first day was for general wandering, getting an idea of how the city was laid out. So the team set off, chatting and laughing excitedly. Inevitably, they soon reached the famous Red Light District, the Porn shops, Live Sex clubs and the ladies! waiting behind picture windows in their lingerie, for customers.

"Remember boys, they don't like been stared or pointed at and taking photos will get you in trouble with security, just be careful, OK" Jo advised.

"How do you know Jo, personal experience?" One of the boys said, as she aimed a blow at his head.

"OK. let's check out a sex shop then." Andy suggested.

The girls said yuck, no way, but were pulled in by the boys.

"Come on girls, it's all part of the cultural experience."

"Cultural, bullshit you little pervert." But Jenny allowed herself to be pulled into the shop.

After some picking through the merchandise, the young salesman suggested.

"There are cubicles in the back showing films, a Euro for 10 minutes, they're good."

Jo and the two girls allowed themselves to be pulled into the back of the shop and a curtain pulled back, when they put a euro in the slot. She was no expert, but Jo thought the film was surprisingly good quality, with a naked , attractive brunette entertaining two quite large friends.

The boys were rapt, but the girls couldn't help giggling, till Lucinda asked Jo, 

"Why are there those holes cut in the walls?"

"No idea." She replied, trying to pay attention to the film. She felt flushed and a warmth in her groin. It really was very good.

She felt a sharp elbow in her ribs. Jo was getting annoyed by the interruptions, till she looked around and shrieked. There was a large, black, very nice erection, sticking through one of the holes.

"Can I touch it do you think?"

"Don't you dare young lady." Jo said, louder than really necessary, so the boys looked round and burst out laughing.

"What's funny may I ask. jealous are we?" Jerry teased.

The curtain closed and they all got up to leave, giggling at the intrusion. They left and the man behind the counter winked at Jo. An old hand at this, he could see how turned on she was and wondered if she might come back later.

They decided on a beer and sandwich and found a quiet bar. As they sat down to enjoy lunch, Jo was surprised how their relationship had changed, no longer a teacher, she was an equal, a friend. Laughing and joining in the conversation, but the sex shop, just kept intruding into her thoughts. God she felt horny, it had been too long, much too long.

When they got up to leave the bar, Jo had thought it out.

"Guys, there's an old Uni friend, working in a gallery near here. I promised to look her up, so I'll wander off, OK? I'll see you at the hotel about 7 this evening, for dinner." It was partly true, she had agreed to look up Arabella.

They waved her off and walked away. Jo saw a Pharmacist shop and went in to buy some condoms. No need for stupid risks, if she got lucky. Wandering on, she thought what she should do now. Not making a habit of looking around to get fucked. Passing several shops, Jo couldn't someone up the nerve to go in, till she came to a cinema, with a smiling man outside.

"Hey pretty lady, come on in, you get in free. You look gorgeous today."

She did look get in a short sleeved white tee shirt and tight blue shorts, bare legs and white sandals.

He gently pulled her by the hand and drew her in to the cinema. His other hand rested on her ass, but oh, that felt nice, to have a man's hand on her ass. She relaxed and allowed herself to be led into the cinema. They stood at the back.

"Sit down, enjoy yourself love, we're all friends here." And with that, he left her.

She stood there in the dark, adjusting her vision. She could see there were 15 or 20 people watching, mostly men, but a couple of other women. Turning to the screen, she could see a very attractive girl, sitting on a mattress in a bra and pants, surrounded by four naked men. Smiling she reached to stroke their erections, as there hands roamed over her body.

Jo moved and sat near the centre of a row of seats at the back. She chose it because no one else was nearby, but after a few minutes, a man slipped in to the seat next to her and a little later, she sensed someone sitting behind her. Trying to ignore them, she fixed her attention on the screen, but couldn't miss the sound of a zip being lowered. Looking to the right, she gasped as the man slowly masturbated a growing erection. It was a nice one too, not huge, but very hard.

The stranger gently took her hand and she didn't resist as he placed it on his cock. She took over the stroking and he moaned quietly, letting his head fall back. Jo looked around, nobody seemed to be watching, so she slowly bent her head, it looked so nice. Opening her mouth Jo slowly sank some of his cock in her mouth. She felt his hand on her head, gently encouraging her.

At the same time, two hands stroked her back and slowly lifted her tee shirt over her tits, undid her bra then gently cupped and squeezed the large firm breasts. The man she was sucking started speaking in Dutch, seeing she didn't understand, he said quietly in English.

"There is no room here, lets go down to the front, where we can enjoy ourselves. Come on sweet thing."

Gently pulling her to her feet, he smoothed down her tee shirt and led her to the front seat, with six feet at least, of space in front. She

caught sight of and heard another woman, groaning in a front seat a few feet away, attended by three men. Jo sat quietly with her two new friends each side of her, watching the film. She was a bit disappointed till a hand ran over her bare leg and tried to push under her tight shorts. Shamelessly, she undid the button of her shorts and lowered the zip, before pushing them off. The hand moved back up her leg and under her soaking black pants. A finger gently rubbed her clit, then pushed inside. The man on the other side lifted off her tee shirt and her bra and his head descended to lick, then chew at her nipple. Jo couldn't help herself, she moaned and quivered to a first orgasm. One of the men dropped to the floor in front of her, gently removed her sodden pants and eased her ass to the edge of the seat. She felt his breath on her fanny, then the first exploratory lick. She spread her thighs over the arms of her chair for him and sighed as his tongue and two fingers pushed in. Lying back in the chair, eyes closed, she was in heaven, unaware that three more men stood around her, stroking themselves.

She came again quickly and opened her eyes, murmuring thanks.

"Oh" was all she could say to the audience, but she wasn't shocked or upset. As if it was normal to be naked in a cinema, in front of five aroused companions. No, she was loving it. The man licking her stood and pushed off trousers and underwear.

"Just a minute, please", she begged, reaching for her bag, she took out and opened a condom. Smiling, she rolled it onto his cock, before lying back in the chair and spreading her thighs again. He stood there a moment, before taking off his leather jacket and putting it under her ass. This raised her enough to make it easier. Gazing into her eyes, he squatted. She was so gaping and wet, he slid right in, as he leaned forward to kiss her. It wasn't really comfortable, but it felt wonderful, as he set a steady pace, pounding in hard and pushing her up the seat, with each thrust, expelling her breath with a deep moan.

The man who had been suckling her breasts, had found a condom and gently pushed his cock between her lips. She'd always been proud of her cock sucking and quickly accommodated his full length. She used her mouth to suck and lick him hard, nipping him gently. He was able to push past her tonsils into her throat and came about the same time as the man inside her. All three of them lay in a sweaty heap, kissing each other, until the men were gently lifted off, by the three onlookers.

They had been thinking about the cramped cinema seats and gently lifted her to her feet. By this stage, she was not going to stop them doing whatever they wanted, as often as they wanted, lost in lust. 

She was now naked apart from a pair of sandals and was led behind the first row of seats. For the first time, she saw there were at least 10 others, men and women, nearby, staring at her hungrily.

"No please, not them," Jo whispered, frightened.

"Don't worry little one, only what you want, OK, they're just looking."

"Only with condoms, please?" Jo whispered.

"You're the boss."

They'd reached where they wanted her and her new friend gently pushed her down over the seat. Needing no encouragement, she spread her leg and curved her back, to stick out her ass. Spreading her labia, she felt the pressure of his cock on her entrance, then he thrust in hard. God he was big, his cock felt as big as her wrist, as he started fucking her hard. Jo's mouth gaped open and she shrieked. The sound was muffled as another cock pushed into her throat. She couldn't help gagging and choking. He pulled out and another cock replaced his. They took it in turns, fucking her mouth, as she struggled to cope with their size. Meanwhile, her cunt was been pounded very satisfactorily. The contracting vaginal muscles as she came, milked her assailant to an orgasm. As he withdrew, one of the men in her mouth hurried around the seats to replace him with hardly a pause and continued the hard pounding. Her whole body was shaking with each thrust, as the two men left thrust in together. They made so much noise, she thought the manager would come to stop them. But of course, the free show was great for business.

This was all so novel, as a convinced feminist, she was used to please and thankyou after a gentle, decorous fuck. Now she was a piece of meat to be used by everyone and she loved it. Strangely, she felt safe, she knew if she said stop, they would, but meanwhile, she could fantasise being gang raped.

Finally, the two men came into their condoms and she shuddered to a final orgasm. The five men stood around, talking in Dutch, obviously discussing what a great fuck she was. Jo was left lying over the back of the seat, covered in sweat and gasping for air. At last they remembered she was there, helped her up and to the ladies toilet, clutching her crumpled clothes and legs barely able to hold her weight at all.

After fifteen minutes, she slipped out of the toilet, unnoticed, ashamed now. But as she started to leave, the cinema manager took her aside and spoke to her.

"You are a natural sweet heart and what a body. Look, we have a sex club nearby and we are always looking for talented amateurs and you are talented, believe me."

"No, absolutely no, really" and she tried to pull away.

"Ok, no problem, but if you change your mind, here's the card. Ask for the manager and say Edgar sent you."

He walked her out, his hand stroking her ass. Jo checked the time, it was nearly 5PM and she really did have to meet Arabella at the Art Gallery. She'd arranged it on the phone, before she left. It wasn't more than 10 minutes away and Arabella rushed over to give her a hug as she walked in.

"Jo, you look great, so sexy in those shorts. Look it's quiet, we can leave now for a drink. I'll just check with the boss."

After a few minutes, they left arm in arm, chatting. Jo looked at her friend, so elegant now. They were quite different, Ara's family was rich with old country money. A Shropshire Farmhouse, horses of course, a private boarding school and a so refined voice. She looked different too, tall, not far off 6Ft, very slim, long legs, small breasts, but very pretty.

They carried on chatting in the bar.

"So how's Amsterdam and the job, any sex life?"

"Great, great and nothing at all." Arabella replied, then whispered,

"I could fuck anything in trousers love. How about you?"

Jo choked on her beer, "Oh you know, quiet, I am a teacher." She didn't think describing her afternoon was a good idea.

"What, no students to seduce and corrupt?" Arabella joked.

"Look, can you leave your little flock and have dinner tonight, just the two of us?"

"Why not girl, I'll just phone them and say not to wait for me. Look, can you take off a couple of hours tomorrow, show us the Van Gough, The Rijks Museum, any chance?"

Arabella said she could and Jo phoned one of the boys to say they should eat without her tonight. .

After another beer they wandered slowly to a quiet restaurant Arabella knew. When they arrived they started on a cold bottle of white wine and both were getting a little drunk. That gave Jo some courage to start on her afternoon's adventure. When she'd finished describing the sordid public gangbang, she mentioned the Managers offer.

"But Jo, you silly tart, the risks. You might have ended up in a brothel in Thailand or something. What about infection?"

"Oh I insisted on condoms."

"Oh that's fine then, not. You were such a quiet mouse at Uni. You and Clive was it, were devoted, quite touching actually. What happened there?"

"Oh you know, careers, he went to London, I stayed in the north. It was never going to be marriage and kids.

Well, what about one night only as a porn star in a sex club?"

"No you silly bitch, even if you didn't have those old students with you. Do you really think it wouldn't get back to school?"

"Oh I think it could be kept quiet. Look, why don't you join me, keep me safe?"

Arabella shrieked in horror and people at other tables looked at the two girls.

"Sssh, you're drawing attention. You said you weren't getting any action, so why not?"

"Nooo, look I have to work in this town. Alright, that's not true, it's been good, but I need a change. Daddy's got me a Summer internship at Christies, the Auctioneers. One of the directors is an old army buddy." There was a long pause as Arabella thought.

"Alright you slut, I'll regret it, but yes, why not. But look, you're shall we say, pneumatic, pulchritudinous, I'm a bit skinny."
