 This is about two friends of ours, Jane and Craig, who live just up the road and this happened last November. 

*

Jane and I are very close and tell each other everything (well almost!). We go shopping together and are in and out of each others lives constantly as our children grew up and went to the same schools together. We have even gone on holiday together as a group and have both gone topless together on the beach so we are very relaxed around each others' bodies. 

Neither of us had ever been with another woman before and we had never thought of each other in that way before either. She is just a very close friend who I find very easy to talk to and who I trust implicitly.

She is five years younger than me, with long blonde hair, blue eyes and a figure like a model, flat belly (god knows how, after having 2 kids!) and size 34 breasts. Whereas I have shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes and a figure not unlike a beached whale! Well maybe not THAT bad but after having 3 kids my belly refuses to listen to me and go the way of Jane's! Although I do beat her in the chest department, mine being 38d with a cleavage she's said she'd kill for!

Her husband Craig, works for a Japanese company and in June last year, he was asked to go and work in Japan for 6 months and he wouldn't be home at all until Christmas Eve so Jane would be left on her own with their 18 year old son Ben. Because of the possible career prospects that would result from his move, they decided that he should go. Jane loves sex and she and I have had some horny chats about Craig and Matt(my husband) over the odd glass of wine in the past. 

I know they used to film themselves fucking and that she loved cum and was quite imaginative; but she had not been with anyone else since they were married and like me, she was straight.

I saw her after Craig had been away for about five months and she asked me round for a drink and to catch up on gossip. After we had had a few drinks, she told me that she had a secret to tell me but only if I promised not to tell anyone about it.

Of course I promised, I knew that it was going to be juicy because if it hadn't been, she'd have told me about it ages ago.

She said that she was missing Craig terribly and that she was so horny all the time. She said that she kept watching the films that she and Craig had made together and that she now found herself playing with herself for hours to relieve herself. 

I said that it was only natural that she missed Craig but she said that wasn't the secret. 

She then told me that she had come home early recently and the door to Ben's room had been slightly ajar. He had been naked and his girlfriend (17) was kneeling in front of him, sucking and wanking him. Jane said she couldn't take her eyes off them and she found herself playing with her nipples and stroking her pussy. The girl kept sucking until Ben started to cum; she pulled back with her mouth open wide and Ben shot it in her mouth and all over her face. Ben then kissed her and then went down on her until she came and then he fucked her with her legs on his shoulders and then from behind; she had several orgasms before he filled her pussy before going down on her and making her cum while licking cum from her pussy. Jane said she was so turned on, that she couldn't take her eyes off them -- even though it was her son she was watching, she came several times; the way Ben and the girl had been fucking was one of her and Craig's favourite sessions, including the cum sharing.

Jane said that she couldn't stop thinking about it and she had been surprised how big Ben's cock had been. By now I was pretty damned horny too. I went to pour Jane some more wine but she moved her glass at the wrong time and I missed the glass and poured it on her blouse. I got a tissue and tried to mob up the spill. I could feel her warm breasts; no bra and her nipples were rock hard. I stopped with my hand cupping her breast and just looked at Jane -- she had her eyes closed and was breathing hard. I gently rubbed my right thumb over her nipple and she moaned gently. I don't know what made me do it but I leaned over and kissed her and she responded passionately. I stripped her and then myself and sucked her nipples while gently stroking her pussy -- she had a tremendous orgasm that went on and on. I then started licking her while still playing with her nipples; she was so wet and just kept cumming.

After a while I came up and kissed her deeply, sharing her pussy juice and then gently pushed her head down to my breasts. She worked on my nipples and I guided her hand to my very wet cunt. She slipped 2 fingers up me as she worked on my breasts. She made me orgasm and then she went down on me.

I opened my eyes just after another orgasm and saw Ben standing in the door with a very hard cock in his hand. His view was over his mother's really tight arse in the air with her fingers up herself and her head buried in my cunt. No wonder he was having a wank!

I leaned over and whispered to Jane that Ben was watching. She looked up and told him to come over and told me to suck his cock. She then went back down on me while Ben fucked my mouth. I worked on him and he soon shot his load into my mouth. I pulled Jane up and kissed her, she willingly shared Ben's cum with me.

As Jane and I were kissing and sharing Ben's cum I could see Ben was still pretty hard and getting harder. I whispered in Jane's ear asking her if she really wanted a a good fucking. She was so turned on and she just whimpered that she wanted cock. I gave Ben a little wank and pulled him towards us until he was inches from Jane's face. She turned her head and saw a thick hard cock and sank it into her mouth and really worked on it. I was licking Ben's balls and they were jerking all over the place as his mother sucked him. I pulled Ben out of Jane's mouth and pushed Jane's head back between my thighs and she went to work on my pussy with great enthusiasm. I indicated to Ben to go behind Jane which he did and fed his thick cock full length into Jane's cunt. She came immediately and Ben fucked her hard.I got up and went over and kissed Ben and watched his young cock fucking Jane. He turned Jane over and got her legs on his shoulders and really pounded her. She was screaming to give it her harder & deeper. Now it was my turn - I started to lick Jane's pussy and Ben fucked me very enthusiastically from behind. He said he was going to cum so Jane and I grabbed his cock and both licked and sucked him until he exploded all over our open mouths and faces.

Ben then kissed us both and we all shared his cum.

Ben went off to meet his girlfriend a bit later and Jane and I had a very sensual session together. She said she didn't regret fucking Ben, she knew he had always fancied her and she had often let him 'accidentally' catch her in her stockings or naked and she knew he had watched her fucking Craig.

It turned out the reason Ben had been using Jane and Craig's favourite positions, cum swapping, etc. is that he had watched the videos of them fucking each other.

That is the first and only time that I have been with another woman and although we sometimes mention it after a glass or two of wine, we've never repeated it.

And although she denies it, I have a sneaking suspicion that that isn't the only time that she has been with Ben.

I'm not surprised, he does have a lovely cock!