 .................walking out of the bathroom I show her the lingerie that we had picked out for her to wear. Picking it up she looks at the items. Smiling in agreement with what we had chosen she starts to get dressed. Giving her her glass of wine I tell her that that was only the beginning of the evening, but what had just happened in the bathroom was between us, a little get to know each other, our way. Smiling she says that her husband would have loved watching that. Smiling back at her, little does she knows that he had and had very much caught it all on camera.

Walking down the stairs I go ahead of her, walking into the kitchen I find you have started the dinner for me. Giving you a twirl I steal a quick kiss off of you before she walks in to the room. The look on your face as you look from her to me and back again, the lingerie has had the desired effect, even though I was the one who had tried everything on in the shop and paraded around in front of you before you made your decisions!! 

She looked amazing in her deep red underwear, her breasts accentuated by the styled cups of the baby doll and the small flimsy French knickers showed off her slim hips. Mine was a fitted royal blue corset, showing off my small waist but keeping my large breast in control. You go up to her and give her a big kiss and cuddle, reassuring her that all is ok, that she looks stunning and did she like what we had bought her to wear. Smiling at you she did a little twirl and walks over to me, cuddling me to her and asks what you think. The evidential bulge in your jeans tells her all she needed to know. Pouring her another glass of wine I suggest we move to the living room while we wait on dinner. You have lit the candles in there and the room is glowing softly, leaving you two together I go back to check on everything and to slip the empty wine bottle upstairs ready for later. 

Even though we had planned this evening together I still had a few tricks up my sleeve that you didn't know about. I was the one in control and I going to make the most of having the power over both of you! Taking the silk boxers out of the bag and the vibrating cock ring that I had ordered for you I put them on the bed ready. Going back downstairs I go into the living room where you are both kissing and cuddling, a slight pang hits me that you'll never truly be mine but was happy to share you with her knowing your addiction to me was strong enough to not let me go. I tell you that you are over dressed and that you had a surprise waiting for you in the bedroom. You look at me with surprise and intrigue. Smiling at you I walk away to the kitchen knowing that dinner was nearly ready.

Plating up the food I can hear laughter coming from the lounge, I smile at the fact that she is now very relaxed and going with the flow. Grabbing the tray I walk into the living room placing it down on the floor by the fireplace. As i'm going back into the kitchen you are coming back down the stairs,you follow me into the kitchen. Grabbing me from behind you spin me around and kiss me passionately, whispering in me ear that you love the undies that I had got for you and that the cock ring fitted perfectly, moving my hand to your cock to feel it there. Laughing I nip at your bare nipple the way you have grown to love and tell you to grab another bottle of wine while I grabbed the rest of the food. You grab my arm, spinning me around, smiling at me you ask me what other little surprises I have in store for tonight. Standing on tiptoes I kiss the tip of your nose and smile sweetly at you telling you that tonight is all about surprises and adventure. Chuckling to yourself you let me go.

We had put a lot of thought into the food; finger food was what we have decided to serve, that way we could feed each other. The dessert was chilling in the fridge along with the rest of the wine. Smiling to myself I stand there thinking about how much fun I had already had so far but the night was still young and the fun was only just beginning. You catch my smile and ask me what I am thinking, i tell you again that all will be revealed in time. Smacking my arse you laugh and we go into the living room. She is sat there watching us, smiling but with a few questions in her eyes. 

Wanting to wipe them away I go over to her and kiss her deeply, gently getting her to respond with her tongue. I move my hand to her breast and gently tease the nipple through the material, getting a small moan from her in appreciation. I move to sit down on the floor next to the food, getting her to join me, moving closer to her. Taking a piece of food I place it to her lips, watching how she takes it from me and licks my fingers clean. I can sense that she is getting into the swing of things, she takes a piece for me and I copy what she did. Looking over at you I can see the fire in your eyes as you watch your lover and wife feeding each other.

I decide to take it one step further and taking a piece of food I place it between my lips and move in for a kiss for her, gently biting it from me, we kiss and she laughs at the intimacy of the act. You move from where your sat on the sofa and come down onto the floor, taking a piece of food in both hands you place one at her lips then one at mine. Sucking your fingers clean I start to suck your fingers like I do your cock, watching her decide to do the same. Loving the act you grab some more and feed us both, enjoying watching us sucking your fingers clean. Wanting to move this on I suggest that we feed you, getting you sit back against the sofa I encourage her to start. Watching her feed you was really turning me on, watching her arse, barely covered by the French knickers, as she kneels over to feed you. 

Not able to resist I move over and plant kisses on her bare skin. Looking at me she wiggles her arse in my face wanting more so I oblige. I begin to stroke her arse, caressing the skin with my hands as I kiss it, moving a hand up and down getting closer to her wet core. I start to rub her clit through the material of the knickers and she wiggles her bum again, moaning softly in enjoyment. Not wanting to be left out she starts to kiss your neck, nibbling on your ear before kissing down you chest. This time I hear your deep moan, looking up I see that your watching what I am doing. The heat in your eyes tells me that you just can't believe that this is now happening.

Feeling more and more like the exhibitionist in your eyes, I start going to town on your wifes' pussy. Moving the material to one side I slip two fingers into her, feeling her push back immediately, finding her still wet from earlier. Pushing the material away from her arse I start to lick at her ring, feeling her jump. Looking round at me she looks surprised, I just smile with my eyes and carry on with what I was doing. Pushing her arse further into my face I start to push my fingers in her pussy a bit fast, sliding in another two, stretching her a little but loving the resistance. I flick my tongue, caressing her tight ring, lapping at it, making it wet and pulse, pushing my tongue into it with gentle pressure then pulling my fingers out of her pussy to smear her juices over it then plunging them back in. Sticking a finger from my other hand into her pussy to lubricate it I then rub it around her hole, applying a little pressure and seeing if she'll let me play with her again. I get no resistance so I begin to push my finger in, feeling the tightness around my fingers again. Slowly I pull it back out until it's almost out to plunge it back in again, licking and nibbling her arse cheeks as I'm doing so.

Trailing her mouth down your body she reaches the waistband of your boxers and grabs the material with her teeth, trying to pull them down. So far you have not moved your hands anyway, enjoying what is happening in front of you but you help her out by moving them for her. A small gasp of surprise comes from her when she sees the cock ring at the base of your hard cock and a little giggle rises from her throat. Taking your cock into her hand I hear the hiss that escapes as she flicks her tongue over the tip. Slowly she starts to suck your cock into her mouth, going all the way down to the cock ring and back, nibbling on the tip and making you jump. As she begins to pick up speed I watch you, though you know I love to watch your face when I'm sucking your cock. Your face is very expressive when I do, you hide nothing with all your lust, desire and passion painted in your expression. Your eyes have gone dark and hooded, taking in the scene before you of watching your wife suck your cock and your wife having her pussy and arse fingered. 

Feeling her getting closer to her orgasm I slide my hand under the sofa and pull out a long thick dildo. You look a little surprised and then smile and shake your head at me. Sliding it into her wet pussy, pushing it all the way in I feel her muffed surprised gasp at her pussy being stretched so much. I had bought a 10 inch realistic dildo to be used on her tonight and had easily pushed it all inside her wet pussy. Slowly I begin to pull it all out, leaving just the tip inside then pushing it all the way back in, gradually building a speed feeling her arse muscles getting tighter on my fingers as they speed up to match the dildo. Suddenly she lets your cock go and screams as the pleasure hits her intensively surprising you more than her.

Slowly she slumps to the floor so I pull my fingers out of her arse and the dildo out of her pussy I lean over to you and brush the dildo across your mouth, pushing it in to make your lick it clean and taste her juices. You take it willingly, licking it like a lollipop, smiling with your eyes at the wickedness of it. 

My pussy is now really aching for some attention so I remove the dildo from your mouth and get up. With a big smile I walk out of the living with the dildo and go upstairs leaving you looking after me.........................

I hope that you have enjoyed this journey that is unfolding as much as I am writing it. My lover knows of the first chapter from our chats and part of the second but this is developing in my mind and is surprising him just as much as you guys. Happy reading and the next chapter will be here soon x