 Can a woman be a flirt and still be a loving wife? I say, yes, because I'm married to one!

Barb and I have been married for many years. We were high school sweethearts and married young. My Barb is tall, slender, attractive, and very vivacious. She meets people easily and has seldom known a stranger. Part of what drew me to her was her flirtatious manner. 

Soon after we met, we were going steady, but that didn't stop her from being friendly with other fellows. I know now that she flirted with my friends just to keep me guessing while she teased and tempted them without really meaning to carry things any farther.

At first, I was jealous and often felt like dumping her for a less exciting girlfriend. Later, the thought of being with anyone else left me cold. When I brought up her teasing, she would laugh and hug me. "I love to tease and pretend I'm drooling over one of the other guys. It's not serious, really." 

We could wait no longer. We married right after graduation. She got a job as a clerk. I started college and found a part-time job that soon grew into about 35 hours per week. The job allowed me to adjust my hours to accommodate my full class load.

We lived a pretty Spartan life during my college years. We had little time for fun and games, but Barb still liked to tease and play pranks. I love her spontaneity and her sense of adventure. At times, the lady downstairs would complain about the running footsteps as, naked, we chased each other from room to room. Sunday morning became our time to sleep in and physically enjoy being married. 

We weren't talented lovers at that age, and stuck to the missionary position. We were usually good for at least two good fucks before lunch and, sometime, another session in the afternoon. Barb had a nice tight pussy and my thick cock filled her to the limit. 

Barb would tell me about the men who came into her store and some of her coworkers. Many made a pass. She enjoyed teasing them. "Guess what, this middle-age man was in the store today and bought y me quite a bit of stuff. He wanted my phone number and told me he wanted to buy me dinner for being so helpful. I teased him a little just to see what he would do. I leaned over on the counter so he could see down my blouse, and then I bent over to get a box and gave him a view of my butt. When I turned back around, the man had a hard on in his pants!" Barb giggled.

"Did you give him your number?" I asked worriedly.

"Hell no," she gasped, "I gave him my supervisor's number," she added with a sly grin. "She's about his age, so who knows?" Then, she reached over and lightly stroked my growing cock. "This is the stiff one that I like to play with."

Needless to say, her stories and exploits always gave me an erection. She could tell that her antics turned me on, increasing the height of our lovemaking as she related what had happened. After a few years, I began to have fantasies. My fantasies included Barb's teasing and advanced to dreams of her actually doing some things with the men whom she tempted. One Sunday afternoon, after a very intense fuck, I steeled my nerve and commented, "I'm willing to go along with anything you might want to do...sexually. I mean anything at all."

Barb turned her head on the pillow. "Anything?" she asked.

"Yes," I croaked . . . my throat dry. "We love each other and we will always trust that love. I don't want to set artificial limits on our pleasure. Feel free to express your desires and know that I will be happy to go along with your experimentation."

"I've really never thought about anything before. Don't expect me to jump up and start to belly dance," Barb joked.

"Now Barb," I coaxed, "don't tell me you haven't entertained any fantasies about some of the guys you've teased. That wouldn't be honest, would it?"

"Well," she began, "if you count those thoughts, maybe I've been guilty a few times."

I chuckled, as my pretty wife blushed red from her face down her neck to her upper chest. "Hells bells, honey, you've told me plenty of stories about the men who have tried to get into your panties. It excites me when you relate all the details about your encounters. I've also observed you flirting with some of our friends at parties. You're a natural tease and we both enjoy the game."

"So, your "anything" comment is restricted to me flirting and teasing, right?"

Barb had me in a corner. How far did I really want her to go? How serious was I? What would she think if I told her about my darkest fantasies?

"No, honey, to me "anything" means you are free to say or do whatever you are comfortable doing. I just want to be a part of it somehow."

Barb looked at me for several long moments. "Okay, let's take a for instance. What if I decided that I wanted to dance with another guy at a party? Would you be all right with that?"

"Yes, that would be fine with me."

"What if I let him hold me really close? Would you be upset?"

"No, I would probably get as aroused as you," I admitted.

Barb began to warm to our conversation. "Let's say that he put his hand on my ass while we were dancing close. Would you let him do that?"

"Uh huh, I'm sure that would give me a hard on, seeing him touch you like that. I've sometimes thought..."

"Thought what, Ken?"

"I've thought about how hot it would be to see another guy fondle you and watch you respond to his touch."

Barb shook her head slowly. "I had no idea that you got such a charge out of my flirting. This opens up a whole line of thoughts, that's a fact."

"Please go on," I urged, "see how stiff I am just discussing possibilities?"

"Oh my goodness, let me feel."

Barb stroked my hard shaft through my shorts and smiled. "You're making my mouth water, you know that?"

"Help yourself," I countered. "I love to feel your warm mouth on me."

Barb slid my shorts and briefs down and settled between my legs. She cupped my balls in her hand, then her tongue touched the tip of my rigid rod and it twitched. She kissed the head and looked up into my eyes as her lips engulfed a couple of inches. "Do you like it when I do this?" she asked coyly.

I nodded as I pushed my dick farther into her mouth. She swallowed more than half my length and began to suck and lick, making wet noises that excited me even more.

Pulling her mouth off, my sweet wife looked up. "How would you like it if I did this to one of your buddies?" she teased. "Would you be angry with me?"

"Oh shit," I groaned as a vision of Barb swallowing another prick swam across my fevered brain. Barb could surely feel my cock pulsing within the circle of her fingers. "That would be so hot!"

"You'd really like for me to suck another guy's cock?" she asked incredulously. "You'd let me do that?"

"Yes, anything you want to do," I gasped as pre cum leaked onto the head of my dick.

"What if I liked sucking him so much that I wanted to feel his cock inside me?" Barb proposed. "Would you want to see him fuck me too?"

My response surprised us both. I squirted jet after jet of warm, creamy semen onto Barb's face. Some wound up in her hair and her blouse became spotted with my liquid love. "Oh, my God," I groaned.

"I'll take that as a yes," Barb gasped as she licked cum from around her mouth. She used her fingers to gather more sperm from her cheeks, chin, and forehead; then licked her fingers clean.

Barb stood and went to the bathroom to finish cleaning up. I stepped out of my shorts and followed her to rinse the remaining cream off of my flaccid dick. "Sorry for messing up your hair," I said sheepishly.

"Messing up my hair isn't so bad. You've really messed up my mind," she murmured as she turned to study me.

"Don't take it the wrong way, Barb," I stammered. "What I said doesn't mean that I love you less. I care deeply for you. I do, very much. My love is such that I want you to enjoy everything that life can deliver. I never want "anythings" to take the place of our own lovemaking, but adding a little spice now and then should keep things exciting and fresh for us for years to come."

"Keep talking," she urged.

"I've heard stories about couples who become bored with each other. They drift apart, have affairs, or stop being intimate altogether. I don't want us to end up that way. Besides, I know you enjoy flirting and being a tease. It's just natural for you. I could choose to get upset and jealous, or I could choose to enjoy your outgoing ways with you. I decided that I would rather relax and enjoy it too."

"You're incredible!" she responded and hugged me tightly. "You're always thinking of me and how to make me happy. That's why I love you so much. But I do have a question."

"Yeah, what's that?"

"If I can try anything, does that mean you get the same privilege?"

"Frankly, I hadn't thought about that?" I admitted honestly. "I guess that would depend on you."

"How so?"

"Well, if you aren't okay with me taking a few liberties with other women, strangers or one of our friends, then I'll agree to avoid those situations. I'll let you be the final judge in all cases."

Barb gave my proposal some thought. "At this point, I don't know how I'd feel about it. You don't flirt, so I can't say that I've ever had to deal with such a situation. Would you still feel the same way if I decide that I don't want you messing around with any other woman?"

I responded with a simple, "Yes."

Barb shook her head slowly. "Well, this conversation has left me a bit addled. I'm going to need some time to process all this, so don't expect any changes in my behavior any time soon."

"I understand," I replied. "We need to take it slow and see how everything goes. I'll leave it entirely up to you to decide when and if you want to expand the horizon. Just know that I'll be ready and willing to support you, whatever happens...or doesn't happen."

Barb took my hand and pulled me toward our bedroom. "This discussion has made me so horny. All I can think about right now is making mad, passionate love to you. We've got the rest of the day to enjoy each other."

###

Barb and I avoided further discussions after our long talk on Sunday. I decided to leave her to think through the ideas and determine what she wanted to do, if anything.

Three weeks later, Gary and Roberta invited us to their home. Barb met Roberta through a mutual school chum. Barb and Roberta were both outgoing and they bonded right away in spite of a five-year age difference.

They were already out of school and earning enough money to afford a starter house. Gary worked for a giant energy company and Roberta was a medical specialist at the local hospital. Barb wanted me to meet them and accepted their invitation to spend Saturday afternoon at their community pool, then enjoy burgers and beer on their patio.

We found the house and Roberta met us at the door wearing a beach cover up over what appeared to be a rather brief bikini. She hugged Barb, then turned to me as Barb introduced her. I extended my hand, but Roberta waved it aside and gave me a tight hug. "We're already close friends, Ken," she said. "Barb has told me so much about you."

I felt Roberta's ample breasts press into my lower chest and glanced at Barb with a surprised look on my face. Barb just smiled sweetly, as if to condone her friend's action. Roberta was short, barely five feet, so her soft boobs fit against me just below my rib cage.

"Come on in and meet Gary," she urged. We followed Roberta down the hall and into the kitchen.

"Ken, meet Gary...Gary, Ken," she said as I shook his hand. Gary was an inch or so taller than me and just as muscular. He had thick brown hair and a moustache, making him look rather mature. His broad smile put me at ease and we made small talk while he pulled four beers from the refrigerator. 

Gary passed out the drinks and paused to give Barb a long hug, kissing her cheek. "Glad you guys could join us," he said. "It's a perfect day for a swim and a cookout."

Barb and I used their guestroom to change into our swimsuits. I donned my blue trunks and watched as Barb adjusted her two piece suit and slipped a T-shirt over it. The T-shirt was one of mine with "Hang Loose" on the front that a buddy gave me. I noticed that she chose her smallest suit, a bright pink number that allowed the wearer to adjust the size of the triangles covering the vital parts. Half of her ass stuck out of the suit and my shirt did little to hide that fact.

"You look good enough to eat," I remarked as we picked up our towels, leaving our clothes on the bed.

"Is that a promise?" she asked over her shoulder as we hurried back to the kitchen.

"It all depends on you," I answered cryptically. "I'm always happy to oblige, you know."

Barb giggled as we joined our hosts. "We're ready when you are," she announced.

The community pool was close by, across a grassy common area. Gary carried a cooler of beer and I lugged a sack filled with snacks. Four other couples were lounging or swimming as we passed through the gate and arranged ourselves on lounge chairs. 

Gary and Roberta greeted the others briefly, then they returned to us. Barb pulled off her T-shirt revealing her flashy little suit. I noticed that Gary took a particular interest in Barb's actions and smiled to myself.

I pulled my shirt over my head and settled into my lounger. Barb strolled over to the pool steps and entered the water.

Roberta whistled softly. "Barb has such a cute figure. She's so tall and slender. You're a lucky guy."

"I agree completely," I replied as I watched Roberta shed her cover up. Her string bikini barely covered her large breasts and I noticed that the bottom triangle revealed a camel toe dent in the center. Evidently there wasn't much of a bush to smooth the thin fabric and mask her slit.

"I think I'll get wet too," Roberta announced. She turned toward the pool and showed me that her suit was a thong! I immediately felt my cock begin to rise and stiffen. I decided to stay in the lounger and wait until my arousal subsided before joining the girls.

Gary took a quick sip of his beer, then headed for the water. "Time to cool off, Ken," he urged. 

"In a minute or two," I responded smiling. Gary didn't seem to mind the fact that his petite wife was exposing more than the usual amount of flesh to me and some others lazing around the pool.

I looked up at the clouds, down at my feet, and across at the trees. As I let my mind wander, my semi-erection subsided and I felt safe to rise and walk over to the pool. I was underwater before anybody really had a chance to examine my trunks.

Barb was chatting with Roberta and Gary in the shallower end of the pool. Both women stood so that the water was up to Roberta's neck. Barb was taller, so Gary and I could see the tops of Barb's breasts. Again, I noticed Gary ogling Barb's plump mounds as I moved over to them. Barb, of course, noted Gary's interest also. She smiled at me and hopped up and down in the water; which, in turn, made her boobs jiggle.

After making her point, Barb put her arm around my waist and pressed against me, increasing her cleavage in the process. Gary was mesmerized and Roberta seemed amused by her husband's unabashed interest.

"Down boy," she giggled as her arms wrapped around Gary's waist. Gary jumped and I suspected that Roberta might have let one hand slip down to squeeze his thickening cock.

Barb looked at the other couples sitting around the pool. "Let's get some sun. It'll feel so nice and warm." She slid past me and began to head for the pool steps. Roberta followed, leaving Gary and I standing together. 

"Your gal has a nice set of knockers," Gary said with a smile.

I nodded. "Yeah, and she likes to tease a little as you may have noticed."

"Don't take offense, Ken, I meant that in the most positive way," Gary replied nervously.

Laughing, I set his mind at ease. "No problem, Gary. You're not the first guy she's enchanted...just the most recent. Frankly, I'd say you're pretty lucky too. Roberta has a great pair for such a petite gal. I love her thong too."

"Touche, we're even then," Gary chuckled. "I think we've both been looking. I wonder if the girls have been doing the same thing?"

Barb stepped out of the pool and resumed her seat on a lounger. Somehow, she managed to shrink the size of the triangles covering her firm breasts during her journey. The strip of fabric between her legs was also smaller. Pleats on the supporting strings were bunched together closely, her tan lines on display.

I watched Roberta walk back to our chairs, her round ass all but bare in her little thong. There was no question in my mind that both wives were putting on a show for us.

"I do believe your suit is smaller," Roberta commented as they rubbed lotion over their arms and legs.

Barb giggled. "Yeah, this suit is adjustable on the strings, so I can tease the guys better. It still isn't a thong like yours. Ken can't keep his eyes off of your bare bottom."

"We both like to tease, I guess," Roberta replied as she slid her slick hands over her tummy. "I think I'll wait and see if Ken wants to put lotion on my back for me, okay?"

"He'll jump at the chance to grope you, Roberta," Barb replied. "Don't tempt him too much or you might get a surprise."

Gary and I returned to our chairs and surveyed the lovely flesh on display. Roberta smiled and turned to lie on her tummy. 

"Want to put lotion on my back, Ken?" she invited. 

I glanced over at Gary and saw him smile and nod. His eyes quickly moved to my wife and the copious amount of white skin showing around the little triangles of her suit.

"Sure thing," I responded, then picked up the bottle of lotion. Roberta looked delicious, lying there almost nude from the back. The strings of her top and the narrow thong up her rear were the only evidence that she wore a swimsuit. I poured lotion on my hands and began to massage it into her neck and shoulders. Trailing more lotion along her spine, I worked lotion into her back down to the strings. Without asking, I untied the bow and let the strings fall to the side. My hands moved down to her lower back and over her slender hips.

"You have soft hands," Roberta cooed as I spent extra time massaging her lower back.

The twin globes of her ass beckoned and I added more lotion before enjoying the feel of her firm globes under my hands. Her legs jiggled slightly as I worked the lotion deep into her bare ass cheeks. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Gary leaning over Barb. He was applying lotion to my wife and Barb seemed to be enjoying it.

My fingers brushed Roberta's thinly covered labia as I applied lotion to the back of her thighs. I could feel the extra warmth welling up from between her legs. 

"Mmm, that's nice," she moaned as she managed to separate her legs slightly.

My cock began to expand within my trunks, but I ignored the bulge and continued to concentrate on Roberta's legs. I slid both hands up and down her legs, accidentally allowing the tips of my fingers bump against her crotch every so often. When she didn't object, I let my finger trace the dent her slit made in the thin fabric covering her pussy. 

"So nice," Roberta groaned. "Make sure you don't miss a spot."

I finished applying lotion to her lower legs, then let my hands journey back up her thighs. When I reached the junction, I slipped my hand into the cleft between her legs and gave her pussy a brief massage. For a moment, I toyed with the idea of slipping a finger inside her suit, but decided to wait and see what might develop later on. 

"All done," I announced and plopped down in my lounger, glancing over at Barb. Her face was turned toward me and her eyes were closed. Gary was massaging her legs and sneaking his fingers up between my wife's legs. He saw me observing his moves and quickly moved down Barb's legs, finishing his sunscreen duties.
