 Exhausted merely from watching I slip back into the tub and lay back. The two ladies of my desire slide on either side of me. Hands explore me. My cock is found again, by whom I do not know. I lay with my head rested against the edge of the tub. My eyes closed. My mind trying to take in all I am going through on this night of sexual fantasies come true. I hear a whisper. "Don't give up yet sexy. I just got here"

It was not Kayleigh's voice.

I open my eyes, greeted by the gaze of this beautiful blonde whom I had just met, but already had carnal knowledge of. She smiles sexily at me, and behind her I can see Kayleigh's smile building. 

"Let's finish up in here you two." Ashleigh says softly. "I want to see the rest of the place."

With that we all finish up in the tub and dry of best we can before making our way back to the main room. As I enter behind the girls I watch as they gather up their purses as well as the rest of the alcohol from the bar and prance past me down the hall towards the main bedroom, giggling and smiling as the go. A room I have not seen yet. 

I follow them into the dimly lit room as they set one purse down on the edge of the plush bed and crawl on all fours onto the silky sheets. They lie in one another's arms, holding each other close, heads nestled in each other's comforting embrace. I can see how close they are, how well they know each other, and I smile at them softly. Their hands explore each other's bodies slowly, each one familiar with the other's sensual touch. Just as I am about to climb in next to them, Ash stops me with a defensive hand. She motions to the chair at the bedside. Puzzled, but not deterred, I slide the chair over to the bedside. Placing it right at the edge of the bed I sit on it with my legs propped up on the bed, arms dangling to each side with my drink in my hand, prepared to observe once again.

What was to come would prove to be better than any porn flick I have ever seen, and any fantasy I could ever concoct. I watch in silent awe as Ashleigh goes into her purse, withdrawing a slick, shiny silver cock. It looked quite large in her hands. I watch as she twists the plastic base and a soft hum reverberates through the room. Kay lay on her back, knees pointing up in the air and a smile plastered upon her face. Ash proceeds to snake towards her on all fours. Gripping the chrome pleaser in her hands as she slides her glowing body up her partner's, close against her now, as if fucking her in the missionary position, Ash brings the cock to her lover's mouth. I watch as Kayleigh opens up, taking the shiny rod into her mouth, her tongue running expertly along its length. Ash guides it in, twisting it, driving it in, and admiringly smiling as Kayleigh sucks it off for her. 

Muffled moans escape in between long licks, emanating from both of these vixens. As Ashleigh finished letting her lover suck the cock, she slides it down her body, the soft vibrations tickling Kay's nipples, as she cups her breasts around it. I watch as Ash slides of her, Kay's body still writhing in anticipation. Ash is now on her knees besides Kayleigh, sprawled out like incapacitated prey waiting to be devoured by her captor hovering beside her. Ash runs the vibe over the length of her body, grinning seductively as her partner's body writhes in wanting pleasure. Gently she spreads her legs, running the chrome one slowly over her moistening lips, her own hands instinctively finding its way between her own legs, running over her own hungry lips. 

Then it begins. Ash slides the vibe slowly into her lover. A soft gasp leaks out of both of them at the reaction. She concentrates as she fucks her with the cock, sliding it in and out slowly, probing every inch of her pussy. Twisting the base slightly more, the humming gets louder, at the same time, Kayleigh's body writhes faster, hips bucking more, and her breathing faster. Captured by the sensation of being fucked once again, Kayleigh's eyes shut tightly, thoughts and visions of all erotic dances through her mind. Her partner continues to fuck her, slow then fast, fast then slow, over and over she thrusts the silver dildo into her. With a hungry, seductive look Ash raises her head to look at me, grinning slightly as she watches my hands drift over my body, robe open hanging on the sides of my body. Her eyes lock on me as she begins to reel off another monologue to me.

"She likes it when you're watching. She likes it when she knows your eyes are on her, taking in her body getting used." My breathing quickens as my hand wraps around my shaft.

"You like watching her get used by me? Watching my dildo fuck her like it was your cock? Do you wish it was your cock doing this to her?" She asks.

The continuous interrogation of what I want to do to Kayleigh flowing from her dominating mouth as if she had practiced it time and time before. I can merely nod, as my breathing so labored as my hand continues to stroke me. Watching as the woman of my desire is pleased by her real life love. 

Ashleigh's pace quickens, her hand bucking harder into Kay driving that cock deeper with each thrust. Kay's moans loud, audible next door no doubt. Her hips fucking back the cock sliding in and out of her. Ash's other hand, wet from her own pussy slithers a trail up Kay's body to her mouth which instinctively opens to suckle a damp finger, moaning as she revels in the familiar taste of her love. Ash watches as her partner comes to a violent climax in her hands. 

Kayleigh's body begins to quiver violently, yet Ash's pace does not slow, but rather quickens. Screams of pleasure resonates throughout the room, mixing harmoniously with the cries of approval from Ash. 

Kayleigh's body writhes, each surge of pleasure from her body coats the silver dick further. Ash beings to slow, lowering her head down between her lover's legs. I shift forward to watch as Ash's mouth opens, sliding her tongue along the length of the glistening dildo with each withdrawal. Alternating moans fill my head, my hand affixed on my cock sternly, watching as Ashleigh pulls the dripping cock out of her as she licks her partner clean, and her body still shuddering with each pass of the tongue upon her. Streams of liquid drip down the cock, my desire to leap at it and lick it clean pleasingly broken as Ash guides it up Kay's body to her face, once again to taste the fruit of her reward. I watch as Kayleigh licks it clean, hungrily slurping her own nectar off the shiny metal. Her eyes glassy with desire, hungry for more.

Ash slides over Kay's body, lying on her side now running her hands over her lover's glowing body, smiling approvingly as she does so. Kay's head turns to me, and an instant smile forms. With a crook of her quivering finger she motions for me to come to her. 

I oblige. 

Standing up, my robe falls from my body to the floor. Quivering shadows flicker over my body from the surrounding candlelight as I crawl atop the bed to lie next to these two lovelies. Kay's hands instantly find my body, roaming her fingers over my skin, sending tingles throughout me. As I come to rest, her face lunges for me embracing me in a deep kiss. Our tongues dance, swirling around in a heated tango. The heat within me instantly sparked once again. This woman is insatiable I thought. 

In a flash, Kayleigh shoots up and is straddling my body. I can feel the moist residuals coating my stomach as she leans down and locks lips with me once again. I feel the sheets rustle as Ash slides over. Our kiss breaks as Kay's hands slide down my chest, resting on my muscles as her fingers trace circles around my nipples. My body tingles. One hand reaches behind her, finding my cock almost instantly. She massages me slowly as her head lowers to mine, a look of desire and seduction glowing in her gaze. She produces the dildo in her other hand and waves it in front my face. A sudden burst of fear hastily fades as her words slink into my ears.

"Take this baby. Ash wants it in her." She whispers as her gaze floats to her lover laid next to me. I can only nod.

Taking the silver cock in my hand, I can still smell the sweet scent of Kay on it. Curious, I slide it in my mouth, tasting the length of it, the remains of her climax still fresh, and an action which drew gasps from those watching. Positions now shifted. Kayleigh slid down my body, her beautiful breasts dragging over my tingling flesh. Her hands raking its way over my belly, my thighs, as her body nudges my legs apart. I watch for as long as I could as she assumed her knelt position between my spread eagle legs until she was blocked from view by Ashleigh's body now straddling my chest. 

My eyes follow the trail of beauty upwards, following her hands which were running up her own body. Stopping to cradle her breasts in her hands, kneading them together as her fingers roll her nipples to erection. As I stare hypnotically at her hovering over me, it is Kayleigh's voice which eases my hesitation. "Just do her baby; she wants it just as badly as I want to see it."

I oblige.

My hands cradle up to Ash's ass cheeks, squeezing tightly as her body glides slightly further up mine. Her pussy inches from my face, the scent of desire running rampant through my senses. So close, permission granted yet still I hesitate. A hesitation which is soon broken. Ash lowers herself onto my face. Her moist lips grinding softly against my lips as she rocks her hips slowly over my mouth. A now open mouth. My tongue greets her lips, lathering her up as it tries to part the lips, using the dangling silver ring as a guide. Her lips part under the guidance of my tongue as a soft moan of approval floats from her lips.

This moan from Ash signaled the start of Kayleigh's desire. At the same instance, I hear a faint moan of approval from her as I feel a warm sensation engulf me from below. My cock hard, now muffled within a warm wet sensation. Soft pecks of lips pelt my foreskin, long slow licks travels up the length. Kayleigh's mouth had taken ownership of my cock. Her mouth on me, Ash's pussy buried in my face, the sensation took me to heaven. As if a switch had been flipped one goal was on my mind. No sensation of nervousness or hesitation left to be seen, my only goal was to please these two women. 

I lap my tongue at this blonde pussy. Swirling and fluttering over the ring, the flesh surrounding it, and the hole begging for it. Her hips gyrate on my face, grinding herself further down on me. Driving my tongue inside her now, tasting her, causing her to scream out in pleasure. My hand drifts over her thigh, turning on the vibrator with one hand I guide it to her clit, swelling and throbbing before my eyes. The instant the cock touches her, her body drops. I watch as her body lunges forward, supported by her hands gripping the headboard. Her hips buck into my face as my tongue fucks her faster, the vibrator massaging her clit with a hum. One of her hands grips tightly on a dangling breast as her moans get louder. 

I sense her body going rigid, sensing her climax near; I ease back with the cock, lapping my tongue at all it can reach. The writhing of her body slows, as does her breathing and panting. But Kayleigh does not approve of this. She grips my cock harder, squeezing and massaging it as if to coax me to finish what I had started. She strokes me off, lapping at my head in between verbal urges to make her love come on my face. The urge to have Ashleigh hold off disappears. 

My tongue resumes its place and pace upon Ash's pussy. Her rhythmic fucking motion on my face also ensues once again, and as if picking up where she left off, her screams become frantic once again. Loud gasps start to fill the room, and I thought I could hear the faint muffled moans of approval coming from behind her. I close my eyes, fluttering the cock over her clit like a blur, my tongue unconsciously twisting inside her. The sweetness of her taste suddenly multiplies as her body starts to convulse heavily. Her pussy muscles tighten on my prodding tongue, and her body quivers in my grasp. A steady flow of nectar floods my mouth, open to take it in. Kayleigh stopped her oral pleasure on me to slide up and take Ash in her arms, comforting the turbulent shudders in her grasp. She licked her all over, whispering coaxing words into her ears, whether she heard or not, I do not know. 

Slowly, Ashleigh's orgasm subsides. Her body now slumping over, a hand still bracing herself against the headboard of the bed as her breathing tries desperately to catch up with her body. I can feel Kayleigh sliding back down my body. My eyes open and my vision adjusts from the blur of clenching my eyes so tight. The hazy vision of Ash sliding off my chest to lie next to me comes into view. My breathing as well trying to catch up as the last few drops of Ash slides down my throat. My head finally seeming to float back to earth only to be hurled back up into the heavens by what was to come next. 

Kayleigh's hands braced against my hips pushing me upwards, my upper body now propped up on pillows against the headboard, giving me a bird's eye view of what was to come. Kay in her place on the left of me, Ash slides down along my right side. Two gorgeous women now perched beside me, heads hovering over my shaft standing at attention. I blink to make sure I don't wake up. Thankfully I do not, as what I was in for was better than any dream I would ever have.

I stare dumbfounded as Kay and Ash slither their way up over my body. Their sweet faces meeting in a tender kiss over me. Tongues dancing and swirling before my eyes, their lips smacking against one another's as erotically as can be. My mind floats away as I watch them indulge in each other's passionate kiss, tasting the mixture of sensual flavors from each body there. Slowly, their heads lower, lips still locked tightly to open mouths, breaking only to adhere to my rigid cock. Moans of approval echo in unison as their lips traverse my skin.

Kayleigh's head continues down further as Ash's has stopped, her tongue slithering over the length of my shaft, coating it with saliva. Kay's mouth makes its way to my sac, cradling it in one hand delicately as her mouth engulfs me one by one, rolling me over her tongue, letting it fall out only to devour the other. The sensation overwhelming, causing me to groan uncontrollably, my body writhing from side to side, toes curling in heavenly delight. A delight that would only get better.

Ash's mouth opens wide, her lips curling over my swelling head. Slowly she takes me in, her mouth warming me further, taking my length in inch by inch as Kay runs her hands through the golden tresses falling over my skin. Ash's hands runs up my body, raking her nails back down over my skin, subtle marks being left in my tingling flesh as she begins to work her magic over me. Up and down her head bobs, milking me with her lips, Kay watches in nodding approval occasionally leaning in to sneak licks upon my glistening rod as Ash withdraws it from her oral grasp. My breathing so heated now, I can barely keep my eyes open to watch these two lovelies feast on me like conquered prey. 

They alternate now, one sucking me off while the other coaxes her on, sliding her tongue over my exposed flesh and balls. I watch as Kayleigh takes her turn, her familiar tongue slithering swirls down my shaft, taking me down her throat, suckling me hard as she releases me with an audible pop. Her eyes make their way to mine as she works her expert tongue over me, her eyes telling me a tale of satisfaction and desire, glassy and glowing sexily. Again she swallows me, her eyes never leaving mine as Ash urges her on with words of lust. Ash's hands tangled in Kay's dark locks, guiding her head up and down on my cock, grinning with each swallow of me. 

Faster she bobs her head on me, muffled grunts and groans vibrate my cock. Her hand wraps around my base, jerking me softly as her mouth orally assaults me. With a loud release and a deep inhalation she releases me, and not missing a beat Ash replaces her. Resuming the pace Kay just left off with. Fast, deep, and just as wet, Ash's mouth engulfs me, covering me, stroke after long stroke with her lips she sucks me off with an equally impressive ability. Her head thrashing about, swirling her lips, twisting and turning as she swallows me over and over. My head spins. 

I do not know how long this pleasing of my cock went on as Ash releases me with an audible moan. I look down to see two sets of hands running along my slippery wet length. The two women exchanging glances and soft whispers, then in a second that decision was apparent. Kayleigh gets up to straddle my crotch, lowering her damp pussy atop me. I can feel her warmth as it nears my head, then I feel the wetness as my head enters her easily. Our groans harmonize.

In a second, I am buried within her, her crotch resting atop mine as she sits there for a while caught up in the feeling of having me inside her once again. I watch as Ash hovers around her, admiring the view of her lover impaled atop my cock, leaning in every now and again to slide her tongue over an erect nipple. Kayleigh begins to rock, her hips gyrate atop me, swirling my cock inside her, her walls gripping me and releasing me rhythmically. The sensation makes me react, as my hips join her in a grinding pattern. Her body arches back, her breasts jutting outward as her hands comes to rest on my thighs. Ash responds my taking them in her grasp, suckling them gently and supporting them as my hips start to rock harder. 

My hands placed firmly atop Kay's hips, I start to make her ride me faster. Her body now bouncing slightly. I stare in deep concentration as she rides me back, my cock filling every inch of her, and Ash simply doing all she can to enhance the sensations, placing licks here, sucking there. Then as if possessed by a demon, Kayleigh begins to ride me hard. Her hands planted on my chest, nails digging into my flesh as she raises her ass and slams it back down into me, her head floating inches from mine, and her hips caught in a rhythmic trance of movement. Her eyes locked on mine as her hands curl around my face. "You like the way I ride you honey? Like my pussy swallowing your cock like this?" She purrs at me.

I nod in agreement as I can now feel her pussy starting to spasm. Her walls grip me tightly only to release me again, her breathing heavier moans coming at an alarming pace. Ashleigh sneaks behind her running a hand between our bodies and placing a finger over her clit. This kicked her into overdrive. She pants in desire as her hips seem to rock on me as if acting on its own. Ashleigh leans down and slither her tongue over my swollen sac, I groan in reaction. Kay now gets up on her feet, slamming herself down on me harder with the leverage she attains; she gazes down at me at the look of delight plastered on my face. I can merely watch and moan to her my approval as her orgasm washes over her yet again.

As her body begins to shudder, Ash slides up to her, placing a nipple in her gaping mouth, suckling as one hand rakes her back, and the other continues to vibrate her clit. Over and over Kay's body heaves, the symphony of sounds barely discernible from where I lay; I do not know who was moaning what, who was saying what. Kayleigh's pussy muscles milk me harder than ever, Orgasmic waves of pleasure floods Kayleigh's sensations for what seems to be the hundredth time tonight. Her body quivers with decadent delight, and seems to emanate with an ethereal glow as her moans ring out in my ears. An eternity seems to pass as I finally feel the convulsions of her heaving body subside. 

It is then that I realize how close to my own eruption she has me. She can sense this as she does not let up her relentless ride on me, regardless of how sensitive her entire body is. Glistening in the candlelight with a light layer of perspiration coating her body she continues to ride me, swallowing my cock over and over coaxing me towards the edge of passion and preparing to thrust me over it. Her hands brace her self on my chest once again, rolling and pinching my nipples as she fucks me madly. Once again I can feel Ash's lips cradle my sac, suckling softly in between soft, muted words urging her partner to make my cum for them.
