 I hope you enjoy the story... Voting and Comments are open and I look forward to constructive comments. Any bashing for the sake of bashing will be removed. For this reason, I have not put this in Loving Wives, where they seem to thrive...

***

It was a long drive but as I finally pull up to the hotel I am still cursing work for making me stay that second day instead of sending me home like it was originally planned. I should have been with her last night before we were to have our visitor, and even scarier is he could be up there right now with her. We were not supposed to do this apart. We were supposed to do it as a couple but I was not there and if he is, what can I say, I am the one that set it up. Parking in the lot I scan the second-floor look for the room numbers on the door as I get out of the car. Not wanting to waste any more time I leave the suitcase in the car and I listen to the steel steps ring out as I climb the stairs two at a time.

Finally standing outside of Room 208 I can feel the butterflies build as I stare at the do not disturb sign that sways in the slight breeze as it hangs ominously on the door handle. The room's sheers are closed hampering the casual glance of a passerby, but the curtains are still open, letting the sun in. My hand falters as I raise it to knock at the door, because I can't help, but try to subtly look inside the room as I listen at the door. The bed is too far into the room's shadows. Something or someone is on the bed, but I can't tell if the shadow is a suitcase or a couple locked in an embrace. With the fan for the window unit blowing, the shears keep billowing out, making the shadows within the room shift giving the shadow life.

I watch for a few more moments, afraid that I was watching my sweet Linda at play with her new friend since I was not able to get here when I should have. She always tells me that she loves me and would never play without me, but this is a strange week for us all around. Instead of spending our play time together like we always do, I have talked her into a threesome. She found Atlantisman that wanted to play and after a few emails, we agreed to meet here for the weekend. With him being the local all I could think of last night as I lay in bed and then also on the drive down here was that they were already together. His hands covering her breast, his cock deep inside her and all the time she just arches her back and moans in pleasure.

Finally tapping on the door I hear some movement inside and then the chain clatter on the other side of the door. Before the door is opened I see the curtains move slightly. The door swings open letting daylight flood into the room. Standing at the doorway is who I take for granted is Atlantisman. With a half smile, I stick out my hand to shake all the while I am looking deeper into the room wondering why I can't see my Linda. With just enough hand grip pressure to show his manhood, but not in an effort to intimidate he follows my gaze into the room as it dawns on him what I am looking for says "Oh, Linda. She is in the bath."

Turning back to him I take in his bare chest, sporting the same lightly curled salt and peppered hair that his trim beard and hair consists of. The scent of cologne, like Axe, emanates from the room. Stepping deeper into the room as he steps aside, and closes the door behind me as he watches me curious for what I am looking for. I know I am not coming off as the 'no strings attached,' swinger that we tried to show over the Internet service. Trying to be as subtle as I can, I look around for signs of sex, such as the rumpled bed, but it is made, although badly rumpled on one side. I do notice that the fan in the bathroom is running and that the door is closed.

He is talking to me and with only half paying attention I answer his safe questions like, how was my drive, and that I must have been upset when I found out I had to put in an extra day at an install before coming down to see Linda. I just nodded in reply as the bathroom door is opened. Turning I see my Linda's reflection in the mirror before I see her in person. As she steps out of the bathroom I smile for there is my Linda, tall, beautiful, and with a set of lips that draw me to her as my heart screams at me to kiss them.

She doesn't see me yet as she is concentrating on watching herself in the mirror, her hand is inside her bra, adjusting her breast so that they settle in right, giving the best cleavage impression she can. With those glorious 38dd's leading the way, even on a bad day, she is amazing. I just stand watching quietly waiting for her to see me, but Atlantisman can't resist and in a very nice baritone says "Oh my, do you need any help with those?"

Still looking in the mirror she looks up at him and smiles, cups the outside of her breast, bumping them up so they jiggle so nicely and says, "Like these do you? Then she catches sight of me and her hands drop from her breast as she turns to look directly at me. Atlantisman had already taken her words as an invitation and steps forward to bury his face into my Linda's cleavage as she turns. Wrapping his arms around her so she is pinned against him as he nibbles his way up her breast to her neck.

Linda just stands there frozen as she watches my face. Her mouth moves slightly as her arms wrap around him then as her palms slide to the front of his shoulder, she gently, but firmly presses. He tries to resist but realizes he is the guest and can't be possessive of a gift. I just stand there watching the hurt must be showing all over my face because as she pushes him away Linda takes a hesitant step toward me and then another until she is within arm's length of me. Standing still trying to look me in my eyes, which are downcast she says in a weak voice, "Love you."

I look up into those beautiful blue-gray eyes, and give a weak smile and say, "Love you too." as I start to raise my arms to embrace her I feel an arm wrap around my shoulders as Linda is suddenly crushed against me with only enough time to say, "Oh".

Atlantisman not to be ignored, joined into our greeting with a big three-way hug, capturing us in and pinning both of us unprepared into the crunch. He says, "This is going to be great. She is so hot I love those amazing tits of hers, I can't wait to taste her pussy juices." With that said he finally releases our shoulders from his grip and steps back..

I put my arms around Linda and kiss her ear as I whisper, "Please tell me he hasn't been here long."

"Honest, he has only been here long enough to down his energy drink I don't think I will let him have another one though." she says with a slight giggle as I nibble her neck. Her eyes flick toward him in fear of another group hug.

Atlantisman claps his hands together and says, "Alright now how are we going to do this? Do we strip down naked and meet on the bed or do the guys just surround her and pull the clothes off of this sexy vixen as we have our way with her?"

Releasing Linda from my grasp I slide her partially behind me, further away from this grinning idiot. Sticking out my hand I say, "Hi. I'm Bob." with a nod behind me I continue with, "This is Linda, and you are?"

Sticking out his hand once more he says in that deep baritone that I heard earlier, "Why I'm At_Lantis_Maaaannnn." Looking back at him as I tip my head and raise my eyebrows in that universal gesture of I am waiting. He gives me a slightly foolish grin and continues with in a higher, more normal masculine voice, "My name is Dan Smithers."

"Nice to meet you, Dan. Now you do know this whole evening is for one reason only and that is to make Linda a very sexually happy woman. Which means lots of foreplay and driving her to the brink and holding her there until she can't help but fall over it and then we just keep her coming until she flutters onto the edge of passing out. So will you help me do that?"

"Yes Bob, I would be happy to help you excite her." he finally looks a little bit calmer and I look at his bare chest. Watching me he looks to his shirt then back to me and says, "She invited me in and we talked for a few minutes than she said she would be right back and went to the bathroom. I thought she might be bashful and was undressing so I started, but you knocked and then she didn't so, ummm. Should I cover up?"

"No, your fine, going to have to get naked sometime." My eyebrows knit together a bit as I take a closer at him, with his lightly covering black chest hair just beginning to turn gray. Trimmed beard, with just the touch of a thin jawline beard leading to a goatee and mustache, and short salt and peppered hairline. He stands almost six foot two where I am only five foot eight. Otherwise, we could be twins. I turn back toward Linda only to see that she is stifling a laugh that wants to burst out. "You told me you got his picture and he looked fine, and that he will be fine."

Walking up to me she runs her hand down my back sending a shiver through me as I watch Dan's eyes widen in expectation. Her lips caress mine as she slowly turns toward Dan. Her hand traveling from my back to my chest keeps on traveling over to his chest as she gently uses her nails to twirl through his curls. Stretching up onto her toes she reaches his lips as his hands grasp her hips and pull her into the kiss. Her hands grasp his arms that bulge as her feet leave the ground and with a gasp, she spins up and around. Then falling, her mouth opens into a scream that never is released as Dan and Linda bounce side by side on the bed.

He pulls her close and covers her open mouth with his own as his hands explore her body. She starts to resist, as I say, "Oh, free rides. I'm next." and with that, she pulls him closer and starts covering his neck with kisses of her own. I watch on for a few seconds then slowly undo my shirt and remove it. Running my fingers through my own lightly graying black curly hair I smile down at them from the side of the bed. I drape my shirt onto the overnight bag I brought along. As I watch Linda's shirt is pulled apart. Most of the buttons were undone first, but I did reach over to pick one up and put it on the dresser as she fumbles with his belt.

As I watch her fight, trying to release his belt, I undo mine and drop my pants to the floor leaving my boxer briefs on for now, and am glad I did. Linda smacks Dan on the chest and buries her face into his chest as he rolls to his back and undoes his belt and pants for her. I almost laugh out loud as he starts to pull his own cock out for her when she slaps her own hand over his. Staring him in the eyes she says, "If you have to pull it out yourself, I guess you don't really need me at all, so you can go over to the corner, and jack yourself off, then leave. Otherwise, you better let me take over."

Pulling his hands slowly away as if she pulled a gun on him, she smiles menacingly at him as she slides her hand inside his boxers and pulls out her prize. All the while she was maneuvering around on the bed to take his cock in hand and swirl her tongue around the tip. Dan just lays back and enjoys the ride. His one hand lies back beside his head as his other absently slides up her shirt and cups her breast as it continues to the back of her neck. Kneeling beside him she forces his pants down a bit more then bobbles down onto his cock swallowing more and more with each stroke. Her wet lips leaving a moist trail behind.

Not wanting to be left out I reach in and gently remove her shirt one sleeve at a time as she lifts her arm up and back so that it can be pulled away. As her skin is bared Dan becomes more aggressive at reaching for more. Laying the shirt aside next to my own. By the time I turn back he has already unfastened her bra and the straps are sliding down her arms, allowing her breast to dangle down. Those amazing breasts seem to grow even larger and fuller. A beautiful sight that I never get tired of.

Dan's eyes round out as her breast dangling downward brushes against his own chest as she kneels over him. Scooping them up, one and then the other gets molded within his grip. His face buries within for only a moment until Linda turns to grasp his firm, thick, member. Decent length, but the girth is the more exciting part for her. As she bends with her ass in the air I step up to the bed and grasping the waist band of her pants I slowly work them down with her panties in tow.

Her ass slowly appears as I edge it over those glorious mounds of firm ass flesh. Wiggling back and forth slightly as she enjoys the moment, slowly licks around his helmeted head and then down to his sack and back up again wetting his cock nicely. His hands stretch toward her as he breathes slow and deep, but only his fingertips are able to touch her side, shoulder, and dangling breast. Her pants reach her knees and cupping her leg I gently lift one to slide the crotch past the knee then setting it down I do the other, without making her break stride on Dan. Which would be a shame since he seems to be really appreciating right now.

Sliding the pants past her feet I take the time to kiss her very nicely rounded bottom and then with a mischievous smile I bend a bit further and lick from the beginning of her pouting lips, up and over her puckered rose bud and up the crack to her lower back.. I hear a gasp as my moist tongue leaves a wet trail behind. Linda spreads her legs slightly as she picks up her efforts on Dan's cock, her fist surrounding the base by the balls as her lips spread wide. With a deep breath filled with passion as she inhales his thick cock all the way down to her fist and back up again setting a nice continuous motion of up and down.

Dan's futile attempts to do more than brush Linda's sides don't seem to be bothering him much as she cups his balls and bobs up and down slicking his cock in a wet frothing frenzy of lust. Dropping my tented boxers my cock bounces as it pulls free. Licking my palm I rub the moisture over the head of my cock and stand at the edge of the bed behind Linda. My hands latch onto her hips and pull slightly toward me until my cock bumps against her pouting lips.

I smile as my cock is wobbling in an up and down motion as I press forward into her luscious lips. The tip spearing in, pushing the lips back and apart as I sink deeper and deeper in. Eventually, the helmeted head disappears within her and an audible gasp as she leans back into me sinking half again within her wet, tight walls. Her head lays on his stomach as she feels my cock pressing deeper, her hand stroking Dan's cock in a firm grip. As I sink to the hilt she picks up speed on his cock and his head lifts from the pillow as he gasps. Pearly white jets of spray, shoots into the air to land in splatters, dripping down on the side of her hand, the further shots landing on her face which lay there as her eyes flutter shut.

I start to rock into her, slowly sliding my 10" thick cock through her moist, hungry, tunnel. I can feel her muscles contracting around me and stretching at the same time as I pump in, and out. Linda grips his cock firmly and squeegees most of the come off of his cock and onto the back of her hand. Bringing it to her lips she slowly licks it clean and then wiping at the globules on her cheek swipes them to her hungry tongue also. All the time I am watching and pumping away, picking up speed like a runaway train driving deep into her tunnel.

Moaning deeply she gets back up onto her fore arms and leans back into me giving me full deep strokes as she pants away with parted lips that slowly clean Dan's cock for him. My thumb slides between the puckered petals of her anal shoot, as I pummel her with my cock. I slowly insert my thumb deeper and deeper I start to rock it in and out in rhythm with my cock's thrusts. Linda drops her head against her breast and panting leans her ass further back so she can feel my balls slapping against her ass with each stroke.

Dan rolls out from under her and nods as he goes to the bathroom while I keep her entertained. Slowly she falls forward taking me with her pulling my thumb out as she collapses. So I can catch myself with outstretched arms on the bed to keep from crushing down on her. The bed is wet from the multiple orgasms she was having as I took her over the edge. I roll her over onto her back and her breast swing from one side to the other as she rolls, legs spread wide and the faint odor of sex wafts up to me as I drive my face down into her soaked pussy.

Her pelvis lifts trying to my lapping tongue even deeper as she is taken over the edge of another orgasm almost instantly. Dan kneels onto the bed beside her and kisses her lips, neck, and breast before letting his lips surround one of her nipples and sucks deeply. Stretching it out as he sucks it in. Grasping her breast and lifting it up as he pulls back sucking it into the air. His other hand rolling the other nipple between fingertips as I continue to lap her wonderfully wet juices. Bringing her from one orgasm to another.

Suddenly I get a face full of wet as she shudders from a massive wave of orgasms, spraying her juices up and out of her as she screams, lifting herself almost totally off the bed. With that I pull her to the very edge of the bed, lifting her legs up to my shoulders and drive my cock deep inside her as her spray slows. The wet drools down my beard and onto my chest as I drive my cock mercilessly in and out, building myself into a frenzy that ends in my slamming deep inside causing a gasp as I spray my own seed inside her still clenching cunt.

Dan is fondling her breast as I let my semi limp cock pull free of her I let her legs down gently before dropping down beside her to kiss her and gaze into her eyes. Almost totally closed I can see just a slit of that blue gray looking back at me. Her smile just a whisper of one left as she nears exhaustion. Her mouth opens wide as Dan spreads her legs without warning and buries his face between her thighs and starts licking away the come that is still drooling out.

Her mouth still open she stares at me eyes wide and her head bobbing up and down as she is pulled toward another orgasm. A quick look down at Dan then I look back to Linda and shaking my head from side to side I wrap my arms around her and rock with her pulling her tight and whispering my love into her ear. She latches on tight panting in my ear and as I kiss her earlobe she lets out a stifled moan. Deep and throaty signifying the beginning of another series of orgasms racking through her body.

As Dan pulls away from her and stands, tugging on his now rigid cock again, I roll Linda on top of me and slide my own hardening cock deep inside. Pulling her knees up she impales herself the rest of the way inside and starts to ride me. Until she feels a hand rest squarely on her back pushing her low against me. We lock in a kiss as the bed starts to tip from Dan climbing onto the one side. Linda tries to sit up but is forced back down as her ass is licked. A shaky moan escapes her for only a moment and then her eyes pop open realizing what is happening.

Too late to stop anything she feels some oil hit just before his cock presses against her outer ring as she rides with me inside her. The pressure builds as she feels him slowly sink inside. I watch as all she can do is sink her teeth into the pillow I am laying against and wail into it. The only mercy is that he isn't as long or thick as I am as he starts to very slowly pull back and drive in again. I can feel his cock riding the thin membrane between us as it swells to accommodate him. Her moan fades as she starts to pant. I try to match his rhythm.

Laying against her back he bites her as he fucks her ass and I hear her gasps, his grunts, and my own heavy breathing as I feel her pressed against me. The smell of her fresh washed hair, sweat, and com filling my nostrils as the grunting and moans fill my ears, the taste of her salty skin as I lick and kiss her neck and shoulders brings insanity. Base urges flood my mind as I ram deep inside her and I can feel my cock being flooded by her again and again, until he stiffens letting out a huge grunt and I feel Linda being pressed hard against me.
