 There's something about the weekend that just makes the previous week and all the troubles and burdens seem obsolete. I guess it's the fact that the weekend allows you to finally relax and gives you the feeling that you can do whatever the hell you feel like doing and give you a fresh start for the following week. As for me, I had plans. Amy and I would finally be able to go out on a "first date" so to speak. You know the routine, go out and have some fun, get to know each other a little bit better and maybe have the possibility of getting some later on, which in my case was a almost certain guarantee.

After that afternoon with Amy, I seemed to be constantly horny and rock hard all day long, especially when I talk, saw, or even thought about Amy. I would treasure the panties soaked in her pussy juice forever and use them whenever I had any time to kill. I'd spend hours with it wrapped around my cock, the wetness ending me to heaven as I though about that afternoon with Amy and all that we did. I'd keep telling myself that I'd REALLY have to fuck her soon or I'd go insane.

I pulled into the driveway of Amy's mansion and killed the engine. Amy immediately leaned over and kissed me with her beautiful lips. She placed her hands around my head and my arms found their way to her waist, holding her as we kissed, loving each and every moment.

"I had a lot of fun tonight," she said pulling away.

"Glad its done and finally over with," I said.

"C'mon, it wasn't that bad, Steve."

"How 'bout when we met up with Beth and her friends?"

"It wasn't that bad."

"C'mon, you were there. You heard how they were making fun of you, the 'rich girl' hanging around with someone like me."

"Well, she doesn't know you as well as I do," she said, leaning over.

"Oh yeah?" I asked, kissing her neck.

"Yeah, she's nothing more than a slut and everyone knows that…and I mean firsthand."

"Yeah, I know, but not firsthand," I said.

"Then she doesn't know what she's missing," she said, placing her hand on my cock, which was straining through the material of my jeans.

"So what exactly is she missing?"

"Mmmm…she's missing probably the best cock ever," she said seductively.

"Is it that good?"

"Oh yeah, I've been dreaming about it for the past week, wanting it in my hot pussy. I've been craving for it in my tight, warm, pussy," she whispered in my ear.

"I think I'd like to see how much you want it," I whispered back.

"My parents are out with my sister whose home from college at their country home for the weekend," she said, hinting something.

"My parents are out on business and my sister is probably at home with a bunch of her hot cheerleader friends. So we both have a weekend for you to show me how much you want my cock," I said, winking.

"Let me show you," she said, sitting straight up. Grabbing the bottom of her top, she slowly lifted it above her head. I stared in amazement as the material clung to her breasts, pushing them upwards as Amy tried to pull of her top. Finally the top was off and her breasts bounced as they were freed. They weren't big by today's standards, but they were a nice handful size, smooth and rounded, made to be put into my hands. Reaching out, I tried to grab them, but Amy quickly pushed my hands back by my side.

"Not so fast, Steven," she said.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Hold still."

And with that she leaned over, her breasts just below my chin, in reach of my hands, but I kept skill. She folded up her top several times and covered my eyes with them, tying it in a knot behind my head.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Quiet," she said, soothingly. Making sure that it was tied on tight, but not uncomfortable, she checked to see if I was able to see though it and seemed happy with the situation that I was in.

"The question isn't how much I want you, but how much you want me."

"Oh, I want you a lot," I said quickly.

"You wanna fuck me that bad?"

"Hell yeah."

"Then I'll let you fuck me, but on one condition," she said as I heard her get out the car.

"What's that?"

"You have to catch me first," she said, slamming the door shut, and running into her house, laughing.

"Damn, she's so hot," I whispered to myself, thinking about her beautiful topless self, running outside. It was night, nonetheless, but still it was getting me hard thinking about her topless and outside, breasts ready for anyone to see. I heard her house door slam shut and I quickly got out the car and closed it.

Stumbling up the steps, I nearly tripped several times before finding the door with my outstretched hands. Opening the door, I stepped inside, and unfortunately for me the little light I had from the streetlights was gone, meaning that the house was completely dark, making it even harder for me to find her.

"Amy, oh Amy, where are you?" I called out. Hearing nothing, I started walking aimlessly around the house, bumping into various tables and furniture along the way.

I'd say that at least ten minutes passed with me searching without anything happening and I was beginning to think that she wasn't even around. Then I heard a giggle coming from above that was quickly quieted.

"I got you now," I said, trying to find the stairs.

I worked my way back to the stairway that I bumped into earlier, trying to find it, and I did, but not how I expected. Jamming my foot into the bottom stair, I fell face forward onto the stairs, my hands too late to stop the fall. I heard someone let out a loud laugh as footsteps came closer and down the stairs.

"Man do you ever suck at this game," she said, laughing loudly. Her hand went onto my arm to help pull me up, but I quickly sprung onto my feet and grabbed her ankle as she tried to get back up the stairs.

"Got you now," I said playfully.

Unfortunately, it's not that easy to get back onto your feet and she slipped away and rushed back up the stairs. I scrambled after her on my hands and knees and started to chase her when I reached the second story landing. I followed her laughter through the hall, bumping in many things on the way. I knocked over tables, stools, and pictures on wall, lamps, and everything else that was in the halls. I heard a door slam shut and the house became silent again. Creeping to the door, I pulled off the blindfold and opened the door to a dark bedroom, most likely Amy's.

Stepping in, I was surprised when Amy suddenly jumped on me from behind, wrapping her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck. I spun around, trying to get her off and also to get a better look at her, but failed at both. I continued to try, all the while she was laughing like a lunatic along with me. Amy suddenly pushed forward and we fell onto her bed together as she finally let go, bouncing with me on the bed. I quickly climbed over her and planted a kiss on her lips, holding her under me between my legs and arms.

"I love you," she whispered, barely audible. "I've loved you ever since we first met."

"I love you too," I said, bending down to kiss, but she pulled back.

"What?" I asked as she got up.

"I'll be right back," she said, in a very sexy tone, walking to the adjacent bathroom, her beautiful ass swaying.

"I'll be waiting."

"You better be naked and hard when I get back," she said, closing the door.

I quickly unbuttoned my shirt and pulled down my pants, shoes and socks. My boxers was the last to come off, exposing my semi-erect, but not fully hard cock. I looked at the door to the bathroom, the light peeking through the cracks at the bottom. Before I knew it, though, the door flung open and out stepped a very sexy, and naked, Amy. Her long tanned legs glowed in the dim light from outside, up to her shaved pussy, her crack barely visible, disappearing quickly between her legs. Her flat stomach led up to her rounded breasts, nipples erect and pointing outward.

"Oh, you're not hard yet," she said, getting on the bed.

"Sorry?" I asked, shyly.

"Let me help you with that," she said, swinging her leg over my face and lowering her pussy onto my mouth. I felt her hands on my cock, slowly stocking it and her tongue working its way up and down. I began running my tongue up and down her slit of her tightly closed pussy, with nothing close to large and puffy pussy lips.

Then as I felt her warm mouth enveloping my cock, I stuck out my tongue and entered her tight pussy. I felt the walls clamping down on it as if it was my cock as I wiggled it around in her, thrusting in and out sharply. She let out a low moan as she continued to suck my cock, sending vibrations down my cock length. Taking out my tongue, I replaced it with my index finer and slowly pushed it inside, having to force it with the pressure of her inner walls. Soon I was pushing quickly and then added a second finger. I pumped in and out of her furiously, my tongue flicking against her clit and no sooner than five minutes later, she had a trembling orgasm. Her body shook violently, her teeth scraping against my cock, causing me to wince a little.

Her pussy became increasingly wet and it dripped out of her and onto my fingers and face. I eagerly licked up whatever I could get in my mouth as she rolled off. I was breathing heavily as she immediately got back on top of me, kissing me and got onto her knees, straddling my erect cock. Slowly lowering herself down, my cock head went inside of her with a loud "pop" as she continued to lower herself down. I could feel her pussy gripping me tightly and her cum running down the sides of my cock.

"God, your cock is big, it hurts!" she cried.

"I thought you've done this before," I said.

"I told you, only once and he wasn't as big…and it hurt then too," she whispered. Finally, she settled down on the full length of my cock and sat there, adjusting to me in her. She leaned forward and placed her hands on my chest as she bent down and kissed me.

"Oh God, you're so fucking big," she whispered.

"And you're so fucking tight," I moaned.

"Oh, you like?" she asked, slowly rocking her hips back and forward.

"Fuck yeah," was my only reply as she placed her feet up, knees bent and started to move up and down on my cock. Her hands were firmly on my chest and her head looking down at our hips moving, her glimmering hair over her head and in my face. My hands moved from her waist and around to her ass, grabbing her cheeks and slightly spreading them.

"Fuck me harder," she moaned, tossing her head back, looking upwards. She started to rock faster and faster, up and down, forward and backward. She was definitely a screamer as her moans changed from low rumbling ones to high-pitched squeals. It was a good thing that her family wasn't home, but I wasn't so sure that the neighborhood was all that unaware of what we were doing. My hands grabbed hold of her breasts, which were bouncing up and down wildly as we fucked. Palming her tits, I rubbed her nipples between my thumb and index finer, pulling on them a little, but started rubbing them harder as she bucked almost uncontrollably as another orgasm ripped through her.

"Fuck," she cried out repeatedly as she shook and rolled off my cock and onto her back.

"Don't stop fucking me," she moaned.

I quickly got onto my knees and placed her legs under my arms and moved in to her pussy. Pushing my cock in, I found her pussy wetter then I could ever imagine as it slipped in with ease, but her pussy tightened almost immediately after my cock fully went in.

"C'mon, fuck me," she said. I began to pump into her, slowly at first, but then quickly speeding my pace as I pounded her sweet young pussy for all that it was worth. We rocked together, the bed shaking and rocking along with us. Amy's hands were on her beautiful breasts, kneading them and pinching her nipples while she looked towards the ceiling, eyes closed and a wide grin on her face.

"C'mon, fuck me harder…yeah, pound my cunt," she whispered over and over as I continued to fuck her. I worked my left hand down to her juicy cunt and rubbed the area around her clit with my fingertips, causing her to moan loudly. Then, I started to rub and pinch her little clit that was barely sticking out as I fucked her harder than ever, sweat pouring down my face and chest.

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum!" she cried as I pulled out of her with a loud wet sound as the head of my cock popped out. I watched as she came, her pussy cum squirting out of her tight little hole. With one hand viciously pumping my cock, I stuck two fingers in her pussy, covering it with her own juices as she finished cumming what seemed like a river of cum.

I quickly straddled her tits, heaving from her heavy breathing and placed my cum covered fingers near her waiting mouth. Amy immediately opened up and stuck out her tongue, sucking her own cum from my fingers. That was all it took to send me over the edge.

"That's right, cum on my face," she beckoned. Seconds later, a large wad of cum shot out and landed on her sealed lips and slid off into a puddle between her bottom lip and chin. I grunted as another rope of cum landed on her beautiful face and then a third and fourth. My hands just kept pumping as I tried to count how much I came, ten, eleven, twelve wads of my cum landed on Amy's face. Her left cheek was nothing but cum, two long trails of cum were streaked on her right side and her lips were no longer red, but a milky white. Her hair was sprawled out on the bed and strands of cum were clearly visible in several areas. My cock was still somewhat hard as I rubbed the head over her face and she sure didn't mind. I rubbed around her cheeks, over her lips and on her chin. I collapsed besides her and watched as her hands went all over her face, collecting the cum and dripping it into her open mouth. Getting up, she smiled at me and winked as she pushed the cum back out of her mouth and lips, foaming at her lips before sliding down her chin and onto her beautiful breasts. She immediately went back down on my cock, which was still erect, but not as long, cleaning the cum that was on the head and dripped onto the shaft. Happy with her job, she got up from the bed as I remained naked and sprawled out, watching her go into the bathroom, closing the door behind her.

My eyes slowly opened to a dark room and realized that it was still very dark outside and in her room as well. The body next to me pulled closer and I realized it was Amy's moving that had woken me up. I was still naked, as her (which put a smile on my face pretty quickly) on top of the sheets of her bed. I was on my side, arm draped around Amy, and the other she had rolled onto. Her body curled into mine, leg between mine, arm around me, the other I could feel stocking my chest lightly and head tucked under my chin.

"Amy?" I whispered. Because of her delicate movements, I thought that she was awake, but alas, she was sound asleep, though she was involuntarily running her fingernails slowly over my chest. I lifted my head once and the soft glow on the alarm clocked informed me that it was only two in the morning. I could feel my semi-erect cock pressed against bare pussy and the thought of fucking her came to mind, but was quickly dismissed when I looked at her peaceful face sleeping. She pulled closer to my chest, hugging me tighter in her sleep as I closed my eyes and fell back asleep.

The next time I woke up, it was actually light out, the sun pouring into the room from several windows through the still closed window blinds. I was sprawled out on the bed, still naked of course, a shiver running through my body from sleeping naked on top of the covers all night. My head jerked upwards, looking around for Amy. Not seeing her around, I plopped back down, remembering that Amy said that her parents were out for the weekend with her parents. The clock told me that it was almost noon and I decided that I should look for her.

I got up and decided against clothes, seeing that we'd be alone for the weekend and since my parents were out on business, I could spend the entire day (and night) over without worries. My sister probably doesn't even know that I wasn't home, she'd be too busy with he friends and other shit those girls do. I wonder what we'd do today and probably tomorrow as I stepped out into the hallway, the chairs and table along the way still knocked over from the previous night, not yet straightened up. Of course, on the top of my list was to fuck her a dozen more times, at least. But seriously, I reminded myself, I wanted to spend as much time with Amy as possible and that wasn't going to happen if I didn't know where she was!

I faint sound caught my ear from the other end of the hallway. I had just gotten up, but I could have sworn that it was a moan I heard, quickly hushed. I slowly crept down the hallway and to a door at the end on the left side. It was closed, but I listened closely as I heard the unmistakable sound of moaning and heavy breathing.

"C'mon, that's it, make my pussy wet and ready to be fucked," a voice whispered over and over.

"Fuck, that's it, that's so fucking good," she moaned.

"Shhhh! Keep it down, he's still sleeping," another voice said, which I recognized immediately as Amy's.

"So what, I'm gonna fuck his cock anyway," she moaned.

I shifted around a little, uneasy and unsure what was going on in that room, but I was unlucky enough have stepped on a creaky spot on the floor, which slowly creaked as I lifted my foot.

"What was that?" Amy asked.

"I know," the other said. "Go out and bring him to me."

I quickly withdrew and tried to creep back to Amy's bedroom, but knew that I'd be caught and decided to run instead. I quickly sped back to the room, running on my toes, trying not to make any sound. Bouncing back into bed, I heard the footsteps of Amy as she came closer. I closed my eyes and prayed that she didn't see me running in the hallway.

"Steve," she whispered, entering the room. I just pretended not to hear and kept still.

"Steve," she said again, a little louder, sitting down at the edge of the bed.

"C'mon, I know you can hear me," she said firmly, with a hint of a tremble in her voice.

"Guess you caught me," I said, sitting up, scratching the back of my head.

"I guess you caught me," she said, softly before breaking into a tremble as tears formed in her eyes.

"What's wrong," I asked, confused, pulling a still nude Amy into my arms.

"It's…it's my sister," she sobbed softly.

"That was your sister?" I asked, stunned.

"Yeah," she said softly.

"What happened?" I asked, slowly rocking her in my arms.

"My parents sent her back this morning to get me and bring me over to our countryside home," she said, sobbing lightly.

"So what, she caught us in bed, just deny everything. It's none of their business anyway," I said, trying to calm her down.

"You don't get it. They'll believe anything she says and besides, they don't…they don't know about you."

"What do you mean?" I questioned.

"Th – they don't want me dating; I told them I had to stay home and study," she sobbed.

"Oh, I get it," I said, my heart dropping by the consequences that would follow. "And what about you sister?"

"She…she said she'll shut up if you fucked her…I was gonna come in here and blindfold you while she…she was gonna ride you and you'd think that it was me. I was so stupid to think that I could try to trick you," she said, her voice trailing.

"C'mon, you should know better than that."

"Yeah," she replied softly.

"I could never mistake that sweet pussy of yours," I said, reaching down and cupping her bare pussy and pushing my thumb into the small folds of her pussy and ran it over her clit. She looked up at me, tears stopped, but her eyes very red and wet. God, did I ever love her, so beautiful, so innocent (out of bed).

"I'm serious," she pleaded.

"So am I. I could never forget any part of you, whether your tight pussy or your beautiful face," I said, kissing her forehead.
