 Author's note:

As with all my series, this one started with just one germ of an idea that developed in my imagination one scenario at a time. Eventually, the series felt like it was at a nice place to end after 14 individual episodes. As I prepared to publish the collection on Literotica, I knew the full 80-some pages would be too long for one entry, so I thought about how it might be divided. As I re-read the story sequentially, I felt 3 distinct story segments emerge. I will publish each of these as I complete QA checks: 

"Part 1-My New Family" comprises 5 episodes about the narrator's view of the emerging sexual integration with his new wife and stepdaughter.

"Part 2-Helping Out." in 5 episodes I explore what happens when the sexual freedom in the family touches Honey's school.

The final four episodes are "Part 3-Adopting New Sisters". It gives a glimpse into Anne's generosity, sharing her husband with her girlfriends.

________________

Part II. Helping out

________________

Chapter 6. Homework Helper

Bee-beep 

Just as I was getting into the car to come home from work I got this text:

-From my Hot Lover Please come right up to my office when you get home.

That seemed ominous.

Bee-beep

-From my Hot Lover Honey and I need your help with her psych project. See you soon :*

Bee-beep

- From my Hot Lover P.S. Leave your shoes on and bring your briefcase, thanks Lover.

I waited a couple seconds to make sure there weren't any more messages and responded:

-From your Daddy Got it. Be home in 15.

Our house is an old-style colonial with 4 bedrooms upstairs. On one end is the master suite. Honey's room is on the other end. The middle two rooms serve as our guest room -which has a small desk I sometimes use- and Anne's office. All four rooms have windows that look out the back of the house onto the pond at the back of the neighboring horse property. 

We finished her office in dark walnut paneling. There is a large executive desk in the middle that has a view of the door to one side and the pond on the other. Her desk is sparsely adorned: a simple blotter and a classic desk lamp with a green glass shade. Anne's chair is a comfortable leather executive chair. Opposite, there are two leather side chairs.

When I arrived home, I parked in the garage as usual. As I entered the mud room, Anne met with a kiss, "Right on time. Let's get right upstairs, Honey is waiting." She was wearing a tight, black pencil skirt, a white long sleeve blouse, dark stockings with a seam up the back and red stiletto pumps. She took me by the hand and led me up the stairs. Her office is door directly in front of the stairs. It was closed. There was a black cloth bag hanging on the door knob.

Anne took the bag from the door knob and knocked tap tap tap then tap tap and I heard Honey say, "Ready when you are." With that, Anne grabbed my left hand as she opened the door with her right.

I only had a second to see Honey with her back to the window holding a video camera when she said, "Hi Daddy. Mom, masks please. Rolling video." 

Anne put on an lacey costume mask and slipped the bag over my head. 

[Honey narrating]

Step 1: sensory deprivation and isolation

We are going to explore reversal of power roles in the modern sexual society. Our executive has just been brought into a meeting by the assistant. He knows he is in his office. He knows every detail of the room, at least as he remembers it. Until this experiment is over, all he will have are those memories and the stimuli that are supplied.

The assistant leads the blindfolded subject to the desk. She takes the briefcase and places it on the corner of the desk. Then takes his suit coat folds it, and lays it on top.

The assistant says, 'please have a seat and don't say another word until I remove your mask.' Then she shoves him into the chair. The chair has been prepared with four short ropes: one at each arm and two secured to the center pedestal below the seat.

She unbuttons his cuffs and secures each hand, palm up. Then she slips each foot into a loop, puts it outside one of the five casters and pulls it backward as she tightens the rope at the center of the chair.

Step 2: humiliation

The assistant dresses down the executive, starting at the top where she vigorously rustles the black hood back and forth until she is sure she has messed up his hair. She loosens his tie, takes it out from under the collar and flips it back over his shoulder then she unbuttons the rest of his shirt. She opens it completely and pulls it off his shoulders leaving his chest fully exposed.

She unbuckles his belt and pulls it completely out of all the loops and drops it casually on the floor. After she has unzipped his suit pants, she wrestles them over his butt and pulls them down below his knees leaving only his silk boxers to hide his male anatomy.

The assistant then checks to see whether this activity has resulted in any arousal. She feels the front of his boxers and says, 'Unresponsive; no indication of manhood at all.'

Step 3: pain

Failing to see a response from the forced dressing down, the assistant moves on to her next tactic, pain. She opens the desk and finds a ruler. She slaps her hand with it by the executive's head. He jerks his head to the opposite side as though he had been struck. The assistant smiles at the reaction. She slaps her hand again on the other side of his head and he jerks the other way. How will he respond to actual physical contact with the ruler? She lightly slaps his open left hand and his fingers twitch reflexively. The strike is stinging, but barely raises a mark. She continues slapping in rapid succession, each new strike bringing more blood to the surface and increasing the color. She repeats the process on his right hand until both palms look as if he had just had a rope pulled through them.

Now it is time to move on to more tender parts. The assistant moves behind the chair and gives a light slap of the ruler on his right nipple. He jumps, straining his bindings at the surprising sting. Again, it is a light strike, barely leaving a mark and again, she rapidly applies slaps until she can see the blood coloring his chest around the nipple. Now to the front of the chair, she begins slapping the inside of his left thigh. Harder now as he is getting used to the pain. She watches his groin intently to see whether this is arousing him. She is again disappointed to see it is not.

Step 4. light touch

Having determined that the pain device she had planned was ineffective, the assistant puts the ruler back into the desk. She goes to her purse and retrieves a long ostrich plume. It is scented with her perfume. She waves the feather lightly in front of his masked face to release the fragrance. She sees his chest heave as he inhales deeply. Finally, she notices the smallest indication of appreciation in his boxers. Maybe the scent has some aphrodisiac quality or maybe it is awakening a familiar context that the other deprivation blocked. She begins lightly tracing the edge of the blindfold with tip of the feather to leave as much residual fragrance as she can before she begins working on the sense of touch.

She moves the feather down from his neck barely brushing the hair on his chest. When she arrives at his breast area, she lightly circles the hairless nipple as she blows cool air on it. It hardens visibly. This is something more interesting and more worthy of her attention. She flicks the hardened nipple with the tip of her tongue while she tickles the other nipple with the feather. It too responds favorably. Standing, she moves the plume lightly down his side and across his belly. She sees goose bumps rising in the wake of her movements. When she reaches the waistband of his boxers, she sees a hardening mound of silk. She flips the plume and uses the quill end to trace the now obvious ridge of his cock, looks to the camera and smiles. 'I think everything is working now.'

Thank you very much. Please put the feather away and join me on the other side of the desk for the interview.

Step 5. learnings

First, thanks for participating in this little project with me. I couldn't have done it without my two willing subjects. So tell me, what interested you in participating?

"Well, in the first place it is a compelling question. Everybody thinks they understand about gender roles in sex, but I don't think there has been enough actual experimentation that breaks it down like you did. I had never thought about the role that the senses play like that."

Oh, thank you. I wasn't sure if the experiment design would be effective. What do you think we demonstrated in the various stages of the experiment?

"First off, and I think this applies to both genders and sex in general, the disorientation that is caused by shutting out the environment creates a situation where sexual pleasure is the furthest thing from the subject's mind. I am sure our executive was running through a range of emotions from excitement to anticipation to fear. Even though the surroundings were familiar when he walked into the room he may as well have been in a third-world prison, he was probably thinking about baser needs."

Good observation. So the first stage of the experiment didn't so much inform role reversal as it used a reversal of roles as a pretext. That's fine. What else did you see?

"I think the big take away is you have to keep watching to see whether what you are doing works so you don't unintentionally push beyond limits. Not everyone knows for themselves what they might find sexually arousing. What works one time might not work the next, for whatever reason. I was checking frequently to see what signals his body was sending. It was more difficult not being able to see his eyes or facial expressions. So I think sexual exploration is better done when there is some light for better mood and response observation."

Do you have any other comments about the process before we end this video?

"I want to say 'thanks' for me and I'll take a chance and say thanks for my partner as well. I hope this experiment provides lots of opportunities for discussion and allows people to have a greater enjoyment of their sexual activities."

Thank you. This recording was made by Honey for Psy300-Human Sexuality; click.

[Video reorder off. End narration]

Anne removed her mask and set it on the desk and she and Honey walked around to the chair where I was still restrained and blindfolded. They knelt down in front of me one on each side. They each slid a hand up my inner thigh and their hands met at my pubic area inside my boxers. One squeezed my cock the other my balls for just the briefest moment. Then in unison, they drew their hands back down my thighs lightly scratching as they went. They slipped off my shoes, untied the ropes and slid off my suit pants.

After they had each untied one of my wrists, they ran their fingers up my arms and each took a side of the black bag. Together they lifted it off and leaned in and kissed a cheek. In one ear I heard the whisper "Thanks Daddy" in the other "Thanks Lover."

I turned and kissed Anne on the lips and said, "I agree with what you said about light and being able to observe to know what is working in sex. You know I would have agreed to do this experiment, but I'm glad you didn't brief me on it before. I probably would have compensated in some way that would have spoiled the experiment."

"Would you like to have us play in a way we can all appreciate before dinner?" Anne asked.

"Sure, what do you have in mind?"

Anne said, "Honey had thought maybe we could pick up where we left off the experiments, but without the bindings and blindfold. How does that sound?"

"Sure, I was starting to enjoy the feather."

"Do you mind if we take a less clinical approach from now on?" She said laughing.

We all laugh as I feigned hesitation, "Um, no. I'm happy to leave the clinic for the rest of the day."

"Us too, right Honey? Heh heh heh. Why don't you grab the feather and see what you can do with it," Anne said as she removed my shirt and pulled off my boxers.

While Honey was fetching the feather, Anne sat on the arm of the chair, leaned back across my chest, wrapped her arms around my neck and started kissing me passionately. Now I was fully engaged in foreplay and my cock was rising to the occasion.

I felt the tickle of the feather at my shins and heard Honey say, "This is not going to work." She removed my socks then she proceeded down my leg with the light tickle of the feather until she found my toes. She spent several minutes prompting funny reflexive actions from my piggies before she started working her way up the inside of my legs.

I get the impression that Anne and Honey had done more than just orchestrate the class project. They seemed to have planned how they were going to tag team me through the end of this entire session. Anne continued kissing and caressing and giving attention to my face while Honey focused on the lower part of my body. She began with very slow, deliberate tickling all over my body. Anywhere there was skin exposed, she found it with the feather.

I was already very stimulated by the attention I was getting from my lovely wife. I don't know what kind of signal they had worked out or whether it was just a coincidence of 3 people being very in tune with each other, but suddenly the feather seemed to zero in on my groin. First just circling my scrotum then down around my asshole and back to the base of my cock. It was moving inch by inch up and down from my asshole to the corona.

For each trip to the tip, Honey lingered. She traced the taut, sensitive skin around the head with excruciating patience until she saw the involuntary bobbing that indicated I was getting close to the edge. After the fifth or sixth time she did this she noticed a drop of precum starting to ooze. She said, "Mom, it's almost time, may I do what we talked about?"

Anne answered, "If you are sure you want to you may."

Honey put down the feather, cupped my balls in her left hand and grabbed my cock with her right, squeezing to calm the growing spasms. Then she leaned forward and licked the drop of precum. "Mmm. It's a bit salty. Not too different from my own sex juice. But I want it all, not just a taste, okay, Daddy?"

"Yes, Baby. I'm sure you and your mother have already talked about it. I'm so close now, I could explode at the smallest stimulation, so get yourself ready so you don't miss anything."

"You just lean back and kiss mom. I know what I want to do. Ready Mom?"

"I'm ready Honey." With that Honey put her mouth over the head of my cock, pressed her tongue hard at the tip and took her hand off the shaft. Meanwhile Anne thrust her tongue into my mouth looking for mine. I met hers and she sucked it into her mouth just as Honey started sucking hard on my cock and squeezing my balls. They timed it perfectly. I could feel the throbbing of my cock as it fired shot after shot into Honey's mouth and Anne's tongue was working up and down the length of mine at the same time.

It was crazy; almost as if I was coming from both ends at once. Honey squeezed and sucked. Anne sucked and I went from nearly every muscle in a state of tension to feeling completely drained. As Anne felt the energy draining from me, she let my tongue slide out of her mouth and she gave me a full, yet soft kiss.

Honey continued massaging my balls and milking my cock trying to get every last drop from me. She squeezed from the bottom to the top and licked each drop as it presented itself until she was sure there was no more to be had. At last she said, "Good to the last drop." She patted my cock playfully as she stood up. "You think you can handle him from here, Mom? I need to go do some video editing before turning in my project."

"Ha. Ha. Ha. Yes Dear, I think I can handle him from here. I hope you get an A on your work."

As Honey left the office, Anne hugged my neck and whispered, "You're the best." We rocked slowly in the chair cuddling until the sun was down.

________________

Chapter 7. Post Show Dinner and a Play

Anne kissed me and eased herself off the arm of the office chair. She said, "I'm thinking about dinner. You?"

"Now that you mention it, I'm famished."

As she walked toward the door of the office, I couldn't help staring at her in those shiny red stilettos. Her shapely legs were covered with dark, seamed stockings. She was so damn sexy looking in them with her tight, black pencil skirt and starched white blouse. "You take care of your clothes and get dressed while I start the food. See you downstairs with Honey in about 15?"

"Perfect," I said as I slid on my boxers and shirt. As she left the room I grabbed my briefcase in my left hand and laid my jacket, pants and belt over my left forearm. I grabbed my shoes in my right hand. I left the ropes for Anne or Honey to take care of.

I went into our room and hung my suit in the closet and threw the rest of my clothes in the hamper. I washed my face and brushed my hair then jumped into a set of warm ups that was waiting for my time in our basement gym.

I walked down the balcony hall past Anne's office and the guest room to get Honey. Knock, knock "Mom's getting dinner together. Are you at a stopping point?"

The door flew open and Honey sprang out, kissed my cheek and grabbed my hand. I guess she was ready. We skipped quickly down the stairs around the corner and into the kitchen.

We saw three big bowls of romaine. Slices of chilled, grilled chicken breast, anchovies and the chopped red onion I like were arrayed in dishes around the bowls. There was also a grater with Romano cheese waiting to be sprinkled on the assembled salads. Anne was at the blender finishing the Caesar dressing. The smell of the garlic toast crisping in the oven caused my mouth to water in anticipation. 

The table was set with place mats, silverware and tall glasses of ice water garnished with sliced cucumber. Ding. Anne pulled the garlic toast from the oven and put it on the rack to cool. She drizzled the dressing from the blender pitcher onto the lettuce and said, "go ahead and put your fixin's on, grab some toast and let's sit down and eat.

As we took our usual chairs, Honey was the first to speak, "That was fun, wasn't it?"

"I can't lie, that was the most unusual welcome home I've ever experienced. How did you come up with the idea?"

"It really was for my Human Sexuality psychology class. We were given a research assignment on the topic of "Social Norms in Modern Sexuality." We have to present our results either as a speech or a skit or something else. Mom and I have had lots of talks over the past year or two on what's good sex and what's not. What's supposedly normal and what gets classified as fetish.

"I told mom my idea and asked if she'd be willing to help. She said yes, but laid down some ground rules."

Anne added, "I told her that she could not show genitalia or anyone's face. She said that almost fit with what she had in mind and that it maybe made things even more interesting."

"Right. I was going to have mom in a mask to be the anonymous mistress, but having you completely blind let me play more on the idea of sensory deprivation. Then it all just came together. I truly didn't know how you would respond to any of the stimuli. I was a little surprised. I got the impression from mom that you always had a hard on for her."

"Ha ha ha. Very funny, you two," I said. "I'm glad we didn't have to disprove that myth for your assignment. What else was part of the plan?"

"Well, I was limited by the teacher to using only 15 minutes for my presentation and since we had to stay R rated, Mom said it would be nice if we came up with a reward for you after we were done with the recording. I came up with the idea of giving you the blow job and Mom had the idea of her focusing on your mouth while I used the feather to make it all flow together. Did you like your reward?"
