 Learning to Live with Honey and Anne

A collection of erotic short stories

All rights reserved © 2015 eatu55

*****

Author's note:

As with all my series, this one started with just one germ of an idea that developed in my imagination one scenario at a time. Eventually, the series felt like it was at a nice place to end after 14 individual episodes. As I prepared to publish the collection on Literotica, I knew the full 80-some pages would be too long for one entry, so I thought about how it might be divided. As I re-read the story sequentially, I felt 3 distinct story segments emerge. I will publish each of these as I complete QA checks: 

"Part 1-My New Family" comprises 5 episodes about the narrator's view of the emerging sexual integration with his new wife and stepdaughter

"Part 2-Helping Out." in 5 episodes I explore what happens when the sexual freedom in the family touches Honey's school.

The final four episodes are "Part 3-Adopting New Sisters". It gives a glimpse into Anne's generosity, sharing her husband with her girlfriends.

________________

Learning to Live with Honey and Anne - Part I. My New Family

________________

Chapter 1. School Daze or Who's in Charge

After my client canceled our afternoon meeting, I headed home to make a nice dinner for the girls. Cooking always relaxes me. I stopped at the market for some fresh vegetables to go with the steaks I've been aging for a night like tonight when I need to unwind.

I closed the front door and put the groceries on the counter in the kitchen. Noticing the music coming from the family room, I walked to the back of the house to see who's home.

"Do it harder," I heard from an unknown voice, "Better. Now harder and faster." When I peeked around the corner, I saw purple and pink pompoms on the floor by the sofa. Then I saw the bottoms of some shoes. Leaning in around the door further, I noticed that the feet belong to my step daughter. She was still in her school uniform, mostly. Beside her shoes, I saw the white knee socks and plaid pleated skirt, but she was nude from the waste up, her hair was a mess and she was sobbing. In front of her on the sofa was the girl belonging to the strange voice.

The cheerleader had her legs spread. She held her spanks pulled to the side. Honey's left hand was on the other girl's thigh. Her right hand was almost cupped, her thumb pressing on the girl's clit and at least two of her fingers were inside her apparently squeezing upward. Coaxing her on again, the cheerleader said "You're not doing it right, Newbie. Rub my clit faster and harder and push up with your fingers. If you don't do it right, you'll never get your panties back."

By this time, I'd seen enough, "Ahem," I cleared my throat as I entered the room. The cheerleader bolted upright and a stream of hot juice sprayed from her all over Honey's chest. She pushed Honey away and ran from the house.

As the side door slammed, Honey jumped up and ran over to me crying, "I'm sorry, Daddy. I'm s-s-s-so s-sorry."

I grabbed the afghan from the arm of sofa and wrapped it around her shoulders. "It's going to be okay, baby. Sit down and tell me what happened." As I sat back, she leaned on my right shoulder hugging across my middle with her right arm. "Okay, okay. Take a good breath then tell me."

Knowing I had just brought my widowed bride and her 18-year-old daughter from another state, I had a feeling I could guess the backstory, but what she related I never imagined from the most exclusive, private girls' school in the area.

"Daddy, it was horrible. I expected to have to work at making friends at the new school, but I didn't know they would be so cruel. You know my last class of the day is gym, right?" I nodded, even though I really don't have a clue about her schedule.

"Well, we played volleyball in class today. It was okay. Some of the girls were rough, but most were just normal. When the gym teacher dismissed us, we all went to the showers to get ready to go home. After I showered I went to my locker. That cheerleader, Bambi, was standing there blocking my way and twirling my panties."

She said, "Nice panties, Newbie. I think I'll keep them. What do you say to that? And don't even think about tattling to that old Dyke, Ms. Jones. She's been my coach on the cheerleading squad for 4 years and you're just a sissy little outsider."

"I won't tell. I just want my stuff and to be left alone."

"I have a better idea, Newbie. You're going to take me home and I will initiate you into our club. It's called the 'everybody-shares-everybody's-panties' club. After that, you'll get your panties."

"I didn't feel I had a choice, Daddy. She threw my backpack into my arms and said, 'Let's go, sister. You've got some things to learn about how things work around here.' The only good part of the day was getting a ride home in her Corvette. I guess you saw that on the street when you got home."

"When we got into the house, I got us some water, just like Mom always does. She found her way to the family room, took off her shoes, turned on the stereo and dropped herself down on the sofa and said, 'Are you ready to earn your precious panties back?'" 

"I guess so. What do I need to do?"

"Okay. First rule. You have to do just what I tell you. If you can do that, you'll pass the initiation. Start by getting on your knees right here in front of me. Good. A little closer. That's good right there. Now untuck your blouse from your skirt. Just lift it up then drop it back down."

"Okay. Is that all?" Honey asked.

"Ha. We are just getting started, silly Newbie. Now, unbutton the bottom button like a good little Newb. That's right," she said as she slid her feet up under the shirt tails and wiggled her toes at the top of my skirt. "Okay. Now another button." She pushed her hot feet further up my body and said, "now another."

"Daddy, she pushed her toes in the gap in the middle of my bra and lifted it off my breasts then rubbed them with the soles of her feet. I didn't know what else to do but follow her directions."

"It's okay, sweetie. Finish the story then we'll see what we should do about it," I said patting her shoulder.

"Okay," Honey said, sniffing. "She told me to finish unbuttoning then put my arms straight up; then she put her feet on the floor, bent forward, grabbed my blouse and pulled it right over my head with my bra. She grabbed my head in her hands and leaned in to kiss me. She flicked her tongue on my lips and whispered, 'Think you can do that?'' I nodded. 'Good.'"

"She pulled my head toward her and slid her panties to the side. She pressed my face toward her privates and said, 'Go ahead. Show me you can do it.'"

Honey started shivering as she explained how she did what she was told: Bambi held her head so Honey's lips pressed against her labia. "I just gave her a dry little kiss hoping it would be over soon, but she said to me, 'Is that what I showed you? Let me feel that tongue, right where you can feel that hard little knob. You know what it is. You know it will feel good.'"

"But I didn't Daddy. I had never put my tongue in a place like that before or felt a tongue on mine. I didn't know if it would feel good. I was frightened she might hurt me or tell stories, so I flicked it with my tongue. I didn't really taste or feel anything, but I guess she did because she pushed her pelvis up and gave out a moan before she sighed, 'That's a good little Newbie.'"

Honey continued, "I looked up to see if we were finished. But before I could ask, she said, 'Now, I want to see how strong your hands are. Get your right hand up here and put your thumb right where you just licked. Next put your first two fingers together and slide them between my wet lips until you find the hole then push them in hard—oh. Yeah, just like that. You are strong. Now I want you to keep your hand in this position and slide in and out. I want your thumb in constant contact with my clit while you do this.'"

"She kept talking at me the whole time telling me to change this or that and she really started wriggling around and gasping some. Then you came in and I think she peed all over me."

I gave her a reassuring hug and she just sat there her head resting on my chest. I hadn't noticed her right hand had slid down my belly to my lap, but I had been aware of the stirring in my pants as she relayed the story.

After a few minutes, she looked up and said, "Daddy, have you ever had anyone take control and tell you what to do?"

"Well, sweetie, I suppose I have. It's not too unusual for someone who is more experienced to tell someone what to do. Why do you ask?"

"I was just wondering if it works on boys, I mean men, too." She now had moved her hand over my cock and was following the roiling in my trousers.

"I think people are people and circumstances vary. Sometimes people have agendas and choose to tell others what to do, like our bossy little cheerleader, others have agendas where they choose to give up some power. The best situation is when both agree on what roles each will take without coercion. Why do you ask, do you have a boy you're interested in already?"

Honey looked up at me, smiled and began tugging down my zipper. "Shhh. I just want you to sit here. Will you let me take control?"

"Honey, what about your mother?"

"It's Wednesday. She has that late meeting. It will be okay. Now tell me. Can I try to control you?"

What could I do? She was already bare to the waist, without panties and had her hand around my cock. It couldn't get any more compromising than this, so I nodded my ascent.

"Good!" You could see the little girl delight in her eyes as she jumped up and straddled my legs facing me. She undid my tie and slid it over my eyes like a blindfold. Next, she unbuttoned my light blue dress shirt. When she was down to the tail that was still tucked into my trousers she pulled it apart and started lightly scratching my chest, moving her hands in every direction.

She made her hands touch every bit of exposed flesh she could find. As her right hand got up near my face, I could smell the female scent from the cheerleader and my cock pulsed once and Honey felt it touch her wet pussy and she gave a little squeal.

"In Sex Ed class they showed us a cool trick." I could feel her lean over. I heard her reach into her backpack then I heard a tearing sound. I heard some other rustling but I didn't know what was happening until I felt her grab my cock with both hands and felt her warm breath. She showed how they taught the girls to put on a condom: with her mouth!

I knew I'd gotten a bright girl when I married her mom, but this is proof. She's leaving nothing to chance. I admire her mom all the more for teaching her safe sex essentials.

"Daddy, am I still in control?"

"I'm not telling you what to do. What's the plan?" I asked.

"I just want to feel you inside me. I know this would never happen if I didn't make it happen. You have been a good Daddy to me, but I just want to know that a man who loves me and respects me will let me have him."

"Honey," I said, "you don't have to do this to be the woman you want to be, but yes, you are still in control."

She was right I would never approach her sexually. I love her mother and I love her as if she were my own daughter, but I also knew she had felt tremendous loss and needed to feel comfort. I thought to myself, 'I have surrendered control to her, what damage will I cause if I seize it back after all she's been through'. I hope she was smiling as she stepped onto the sofa put her hands on my chest and lowered herself onto my throbbing cock.

The progress was slow and deliberate, but also risky and thrilling. When she finally got me fully inserted she said, "I want you to cup my breasts," as she lifted my hands up her sides. I found them easily. "Now find my nipples and squeeze them."

After a few moments of fondling, I pulled my hands down her side and stopped them at her waist, my first refusal.

"Daddy, we can't stop now. I need to be in control," she said as I lifted her off me and gently set her on the sofa beside me.

"But this isn't you in control," I said as I removed the tie from my eyes and pulled up my trousers. "It is anger and fear controlling you right now," I continued as I finished dressing myself. "You feel anger because you felt helpless at school. You feel fear that there is no one who loves you. I want you to know that I will always be here for you, but as your Dad, not as your toy. I know you would never have done this with your father and, while I know I can never take his place, I don't want to do what he would never do. Do you understand?

As I handed Honey her bra and blouse, she sobbed and sniffed and looked up at me, "I'm sorry Daddy, I guess I understand. What happens now?"

"Take your stuff to your room, take a shower, and put on some fresh after-school clothes. Then meet me in the kitchen. We have a killer meal to prepare for your Mother," I said smiling.

________________

While Honey was chopping vegetables and I was seasoning the steaks I said, "I gathered up Bambi's stuff and put it in a bag in the trunk of my car. Only you and I know it is there and what it represents. After dinner, ask me for help with your homework and we'll write an ad to post to the school website about some pom-poms, a cheerleader hair tie, and some white sneakers bearing Bambi's initials on the side. This is how you will regain control over how this situation resolves at school."

Honey smiled and I could see once again the confident young lady her mother introduced me to. "I see. I get to put her in the beggar position."

"You do, but you aren't going to try to coerce her. You are merely offering to trade something she values for something of yours. Then, if she's lucky, she will gain you as a friend, otherwise, she'll just give you the space you need to charm the rest of the school. You will regain control in your life and our family will be whole."

Dinner was delicious and it came together just as I had planned it, mostly. The atmosphere was calm. Honey, her mother and I talked and laughed and planned the weekend.

________________

Chapter 2: Passing Grade

The evening finally ran its course. Having brushed my teeth, washed my face, and pulled on my comfy flannel pajama pants, I was ready to settle into our evening ritual. Since our wedding night, Anne, the widow of a deceased Army Ranger Captain, and I have made it our habit to snuggle in bed and talk through the events of our respective days before reading or playing ourselves to sleep. Anne is finishing her daily debrief with her 18-year-old daughter, Honey, who is a senior at a private all-girls high school. While I waited, I picked up the paper and turned to the crosswords.

"Whew," exhaled Anne as she whisked in and closed our bedroom door. "Let me out of these clothes so I can hear about your day." She disappeared into the master bath. I heard her happily humming over the running water. After about 5 minutes, I heard the water turn off and she emerged from the bath with a "Ta-da!" She was wearing the barely-there white nighty I gave her for our wedding night. She is radiant as her garnet-colored hair reflected the soon to be extinguished overhead light. As she crossed the room to the switch, I can't help studying her. Her firm muscles each flex as she swiftly crossed and flicked off the switch, leaving just the light shining outward from our nightstands. It made her almost ghost-like, but I could still see her amazing shape reflect through the sheer white fabric.

Still under 40, Anne's body puts many coeds to shame. Sure she has some nice curvy cushion, but her muscles are all well-defined and her breasts defy gravity. If I didn't know her first for her personality, I probably would have been too intimidated by her looks to have ever spoken to her. Thank goodness for good screeners at the dating site. She whipped back the top sheet and hopped into bed and in a flash she pushed aside the paper and pen and had her arm across my chest and her head on my left shoulder. 

"Honey told me to tell you 'Thanks for the homework help, tonight.' I don't know whether to be proud or disappointed that she needs help in Sex Ed," Anne said. She lifted her head. As our eyes met, I noticed a sparkle in her eyes. "I mean, I've tried so hard to prepare her for all of the pressures of so many simultaneous life changes, and we have her in that all-girls school," she paused, "and here after just a few months, she's comfortable asking you for help on topics few girls would take to their moms, let alone their fathers."

"I'm just happy I can do the part of being Dad for her," I said wondering what Honey told her since all I really did was 'help' craft the 'pompom ransom note' for the school web site.

"You are. You passed the test." With that, her hand submarined under the sheet past the waistband of my pajama pants and found my testicles. Squeezing my balls, she said, "You definitely passed with flying colors."

"Wait a minute. What did Honey tell you?" I could almost feel the blood drain from my cock removing any arousal potential. As she was now kneading the balls within my scrotum, my mind was fighting back the memory of us on the sofa in the afternoon. "What test? What's going on here?"

"Shhhhhh. It's okay. I'll tell you," she whispered, "everything is okay. Let me explain."

"After Robert died, I made up my mind that Honey and I would work like crazy to close ranks and build a strong friendship. We went on mother-daughter dates to the mall where we'd boy watch while getting mani-pedis. We went out to movies and watched movies at home. All kinds." She looked up. "Even porno flicks," she continued with a coy smile. And with that, my cock resumed its normal operation and began to rise to her teasing.

"We talked about what we like in men: sense of humor, personality, hobbies, careers, and even what makes a man seem sexy to us—height ranges, weight ranges, hair and eye color. When we watched the porno flicks we talked about what we thought of big dicks, long and/or fat, and the pain that goes along with them. Did we like big, 'hangy' ball sacs? Body hair? Pubic hair? We talked about anything, everything."

"We talked about what a woman needs and how to meet those needs in the safest ways. We talked about various masturbation techniques and manual stimulation versus toys and toys versus toys using batteries. We even made some trips to the sex shop to see what we might like."

"We probably did this 'sister' stuff for a couple of months before I posted my profile on SingleMingle.com. Honey helped me with my profile and we looked at lots of guys' and girls' profiles to make sure we had it set to attract the right kind of guys. I made up my mind right from the start that I wasn't going to hide the fact that I am a widow with a teenage daughter. I didn't want to waste emotional energy getting close to a guy then having to figure out how to tell him that he's also getting a daughter without losing him and having to start over again."

"Since I was putting myself and Honey out there we decided we needed a defense against losers or predators. We came up with a 3-step protection plan. Step 1: compare all the alerts from the dating site with thorough searches on Google and all the social media sites to make sure our dates have good education, job and reputation."

"Step 2: make sure all our dates show up looking sharp and take their time getting physical while still generating sexual interest for me and platonic interest in Honey. Step 3: see how he responds to temptation."

"We even set up some code words to text each other for various situations. I knew before I got home today that we would be having an interesting conversation tonight," she smiled up at me again then she pursed her lips and blew lightly on my nearest nipple, causing me to twitch.
