 After receiving the portfolio, David thought frequently about his Rebecca with Kat. He envisioned her innocence and the way Kat had initiated her, making her love and want sex. Looking through the album, he envisioned a flower opening, the petals all beautiful and soft. He watched his sweet baby learning and sharing her innermost feelings with him and he loved her even more. He had not met Kat yet, but he knew he would like her very much.

David asked Becca to invite her friend for dinner. When Becca called, Kat was pleased and excited by the invitation. She had a new boyfriend she wanted Becca to meet and thought this might be the start of a nice foursome. 

Dinner was planned for Friday night. Becca thought they should cook on the grill and serve a fresh green salad and some great white wine. She had all the groceries bought and the house ready for company by the time David got home from work. The tree was still up and twinkling in the family room. They had agreed to take it down that weekend, so they were going to enjoy it on the last night of the holiday. 

David and Rebecca took a shower together, something they had both grown to enjoy. They washed each other lovingly and slowly with a soft sponge and Raspberry-Orange scented soap. They kissed and touched, teasing each other, just letting the feelings build until tonight in their bed. They dried each other in the jumbo, fluffy towels and began dressing. David watched happily as Becca sprayed on her vanilla scent and then dressed in a delicate pink satin bra and panty. It made her skin look even more alive, more glowing. She chose a lovely dress of rose that fit her body well, showing off her lush figure and her beautiful bare legs. It was hard to dress with David around, he seemed to undo eveything she did. She playfully slapped at his roaming fingers, but loved every second of his "help". She giggled at him, kissing him and promising him she would be his hot lover later that night. David dressed in softly faded jeans and an Irish knit sweater. He was so handsome. She found herself melting as she looked at him, admiringly.

They went downstairs and lit some candles, lowering the lights and getting the fire going. It was such a beautiful house, and David living there made it perfect. They sat together on the sofa, just holding each other and watching the fire until the doorbell rang.

They opened the door together. It was Kat and her new beau, James. Kat and Becca hugged. David looked at the two women together and was struck by their differences. Rebecca looked small and compact, dark and exotic. Kat was tall and slender, a typical California girl. Her pale blondness was a sharp contrast to Rebecca. Seeing them together immediately brought their past to his mind. He could imagine Kat's pale hand on Becca's breast or Becca's face against Kat's white thighs. David had an erection before introductions were made. The couple came into the living room and had a glass of wine. James was a pleasant man, cheerful and chatty. He and David had many shared interests and immediately hit it off. He helped David grill the steaks, while the women dressed the salad and set the table. As they worked, Kat told Becca all about her new boyfriend, how they met and how wonderful he was. She was absolutely glowing as she spoke of him. She was incredibly happy. 

As they ate, all four chatted happily and easily. There were no lulls or embarassing silences. They talked about their childhoods and had many stories in common. The wine was flowing and the food was delicious. After dinner, they sat on the floor by the fire, talking and laughing over college memories. They were deciding whether to go out to dance or stay in and play cards when James' beeper went off. He apologized, saying he was on call and went to phone in to his company. 

He came back, frowning. He had to leave, but he hated to break up the party. James offered to take Kat home on his way, but Becca wanted her to stay longer. She promised him they would take good care of Kat, and, if he was very late, she could just spend the night there.

Kat walked him to the door, kissing him deeply and lovingly. She told him not to worry, she was very happy here with her old friend and wanted to get to know David better. She hugged him and told him to come back if he could. 

Kat locked the door behind James and returned to the family room. She found the lovers curled up together in front of the fire. She went to the entertainment center and selected some cds that she knew Becca liked and stacked them on the player. She got her wine glass and the bottle and returned to the warmth of the fireplace. She poured more wine for her friends and then relaxed against the sofa.

The mood grew mellow. Rebecca and Kat told tales of college disasters, the men they had dated and the nicknames they had been given. They pulled pillows off the sofas and were all lying on the floor, the fire making the women look golden and so beautiful. They took turns going for more wine. Becca brought out the makings for S'mores and they tried to make the gooey treats. As she ate hers, some chocolate remained on Becca's lower lip and Kat leaned forward and licked it off. The women didn't even notice, but David saw and was excited. He asked Rebecca to dance with him. The music was soft and dreamy. They fit together and swayed slowly, enjoying the full body contact. When the next song started, David invited Kat to join him. 

He had been with Rebecca so long that holding another woman seemed strange. Her scent was a powerful one that reached his center. She had worn a long, romantic dress and, in her bare feet, was nearly as tall as David. As they danced, David thought of the differences. Rebecca was warmth and sweetness. She was tiny compared to him and he felt protective of her. Kat seemed like coolness and a bright day. She was angular and tall, bold and vibrating.

After the dance, the three settled on the carpet to play games. Truth and Dare was the choice of both women. The questions were sexy, scintillating, seductive. The answers were wonderful. David found himself aroused watching his lover and her friend, thinking of the things Rebecca had told him, remembering her face in the pictures she had given him. Her face was reflecting things that Kat had done with her. Being totally honest with himself, David wanted to see her do them again. They continued drinking wine and playing games. David kept the fire going and the wine available. He flirted with both women and they flirted back. He was wondering how to progress the situation when Rebecca did it for him. She yawned, saying she was sleepy. She invited Kat to spend the night and Kat happily agreed. The women decided to move the party upstairs. Each took a bottle of wine and some glasses and moved unsteadily up the stairs. David had already built a fire in the master bedroom and it was cozy in there. Once upstairs, the girls decided that they hadn't danced together yet and proceeded to move their bodies together in a sensual dance. They smiled at each other and slowly removed each other's clothing, until they were dancing in their lovely, delicate underthings. Rebecca was in pink satin, the garments David had tried so hard to remove earlier. Kat had a lacy dark green bra with matching panties, stark against her pale skin. The women seemed to have forgotten David as they undressed each other, removing dresses and jewelry and hair pins. Then they just spun around the room, the firelight reflecting from their bodies, looking like fairies in a midwinter's night dream. 

They touched each other, slowly at first, just fingertips tracing skin. But as the dancing became more seductive, the touching became more intimate. They stood together in an embrace and it was natural they kiss, Kat leaning down to capture Becca's mouth with hers. Now the bras were removed, the nipples rigid and taut from the excitement. Rebecca's were dark brown and large, Kat's much smaller and a pale pink. They stood near each other, touching the nipples with wonderment on their face. Becca moved forward and suckled a pink nipple deep into her mouth, her eyes closing with delight. She loved the feeling of a nipple hardening in her mouth, she loved the bumpliness and texture of it. She stood there happily, nursing on first one then the other, while Kat moaned and held Becca's face to her chest. David sat on the sofa, watching as these two beautiful women made love to each other. The delicate hands tracing curves, the soft pink mouths exploring, long hair sweeping along smooth skin.

He stood and led the ladies to the bed. They sat together, holding each other and kissing deeply. He could see the tongue play as they kissed, hear the moans from deep within them. Together they realized he was still dressed. They invited him to stand before them and removed his clothes, particularly delighted by his aroused cock. They were sitting side by side, he stood before them. They reached out and cupped his balls in their hands, massaging the wrinkled skin as they held him tenderly. Both hungry mouths opened and began to suck and lick his stiff cock. They moved as if choreographed, up and down and all around his lovely erection. One would suck from the top while the other moved around the base. He had never felt so good, so excited. They crawled to the top of the massive bed, taking a pillow on each side, leaving him the center of the bed. By the firelight, he could see the smiles on their faces. He could hear the sharp intake of breath as he slipped his fingers into Becca's panties, finding her wet, swollen slit. Then he turned to Kat and did the same. Odd how different aroused pussies felt. Becca was full and soft, her curlies a tangle of softness, her wetness warm and seductive. Kat felt cool. Her pussy was sharp, bony. She was shaved smooth, her slit almost a fine line. She was wet, but it was a reserved wet, not one he could sink into. He pulled his fingers out and sucked them. Kat even tasted cool, almost tart, deliciously tangy. 

David felt hands pushing him back, fingers encouraging him to remain on his back. He had never been in a threesome, was not sure what to expect. There were fingers and mouths everywhere. His hands touched breasts and pussies all around him. His mouth was constantly busy with deep kisses, his cock was being loved in so many ways. Hands, tongues, soft long hair all wrapped around his engorged dick. His nipples were sucked deeply, causing him to moan. Mouths touched him in places he had never thought sensual, yet, he was more aroused than he could ever remember. Fingers slid up and down his thighs, behind his knees, along his ass. He was in an absolute haze of sensuousness. His face was covered by Kat's clean, dry pussy and he licked it with lust, reveling in the strangeness of it. He felt her tensing to come, and was amazed at the smallness of the tremors that shook her. Then Rebecca sat on his face and he buried his mouth in her curlies, his tongue pressed deeply into her heat. When she came, her entire body moved, her cries filled the room. His face was soaked with her juices, which Kat quickly cleaned with her tongue.

He felt them between his legs again. They licked his cock in unison, moving up and down the shaft with just the right speed and pressure. He felt them kissing him there, sucking the heat into their mouths, even kissing with his cock between them. They massaged his balls as they sucked him and he could feel them tightening and pulling into his body. He warned them that his explosion was near and they laughed and positioned themselves to catch the hot come. He felt himself shooting, one stream after another, and felt the girls moving to catch it all. They licked him clean, getting every drop, even sharing some in a deep kiss. The night was everything David had hoped for. As he drifted off, he heard the girls giggling and saying they had just begun.

To Be Continued...