 Chapter 2: Happy Birthday!

Angel removed her nightie then lay back on the bed and ran circle around her hardening nipple as she talked with Eugene about the threesome on the phone. When he told her, he would be fucking her mouth and rolling her nipples between his thumb and forefinger as Alan fucked her she quivered from her breast clear to the center of her womanhood. Oh god, she closed her eyes and imagined an Alan ramming her cunt with his hard tool and pulled at her swollen clit.

She spoke softly into the phone saying, "Oh darling I love it when you talk dirty to me. I want you and another man to fuck me! Ooohhhhh fuck, wish you were eating me!"

Eugene replied, "So do I doll! I love the way you talk and your sexy voice makes my cock so fucking hard! Angel, let me ask you a question, what would you do if a woman was doing you instead of Alan?"

For a brief moment, she thought about it and then said, "Eugene, I have always fantasized about having sex with another woman. Just think about it, she would know exactly where to lick, suck and finger to get me off!"

Angel threw back her head and screamed, "Oh fuck baby, I wish she was sucking my throbbing clit right now, I'm cuming!"

Eugene moaned when he envisioned a woman sucking Angel's nipples then licking her way down to her hot pussy. When he saw her shove three fingers deep into Angel's hotbox, he wrapped his hand tighter around his cock and stroked it hard. 

He held the phone in one hand and exclaimed into the receiver, "Baby, are you telling me, that you'd actually eat another woman's pussy baby? Oh fuck, keep talking like that and daddy will cum!"

Angel cradled the phone in her hands and uttered, "Yes, I would! And baby, you would be sitting in a chair watching us. I would strip her lay her down and kiss her lips as my fingers squeeze each of her nipples." "Then I would wrap my lips around each nipple sucking and nibbling them until she begged me to eat her. Then get between her legs spread her labia apart and run my tongue from her clit to her ass. Then tease around her clit with my tongue as I slide two or three fingers deep inside her hole. Then before I make her cum stop, look over at you stroking your hard cock, and ask if you are enjoying the view. Then turn back to her and continue eating her until she climaxes in my mouth. Then walk over to you and feed her cum to you!"

Eugene threw back his head and shouted, "Oh fuck, I'm cumming! 

Angel felt her clit throbbing in her fingers, pinched it hard, and came simultaneously. "Oh god," she uttered into the phone, "You my lover are a sexy blue eyed devil just full of surprises!" 

In the back of her mind, she said, I need to find a woman to have sex with for real. Oh, she knew a few woman online who were hot when it came to cybering, but would one cross that line and do it threesome in reality. 

Eugene told her to think about it and get back to him and he would do the same. He would look through his list of friend and see if any were willing to do a FMF threesome. He felt his cock twitch as if to agree with him, the idea of two women doing him was hotter then two men fucking Angel.

Angel sat back on the bed and wondered whom can I get to play with us. She thought of Natasha and decided that was out, they were not looking for a BDSM relationship. Then she focused Trisha and decided she was just to bossy and she would not like Eugene being in control of things. Then she thought of her newest friend in South Carolina. 

Nicolete was a petite five-foot woman with a curvy figure and a good set of tits. She was 44DD Angel was 42D. During a chat on day she had dared Angel that she could make her cum faster as fast as a man could. Angel accepted the wager and ended up not only loosing but also cuming twice.

The two women had many cyber-fuck sessions. They even called each other to masturbate and cum on the phone. She remembered the last time they talked; they were in a hot masturbation session. 

Nicolete whispering into the phone saying, "Angel, I want to suck your nipples hard then bite them as my finger pulls and pinches that clit of yours! Oh do it, rub your clit for me I want to make you cum hard! Now baby, put the phone next to your wet cunt, I want to hear the sloppy noise it makes. Oh honey, I wish I was there, I would move down and rub my hot clit against yours. Oh fuck Angel wish I was clit fucking you I am going to cum!"

Nicolete then screamed, "Oh-my god, Angel I'm there! I have cum all over my fingers and now I am licking then clean. Oh wish you were doing me for real!"

Angel ran the fingers of her right hand around her swollen nipple and then brought it to her lips. She imagined Nicolete's lips doing her, she closed her eyes threw back her head and screamed,"Oooooooh harder, aaaahhhhh Nicolete, I am cumming!" 

It was then she knew just who invite her to this hot scenario. She just hoped Nicolete would not think Angel was too far away from South Carolina. What could she loose, she picked up the phone and dialed it and held her breath as she counted the rings. 

On the third one a sexy woman's voice said, "Hello."

Angel almost dropped the phone, Nicolete had the sexiest voice she ever heard coming from a woman. It makes her nipples stand erect and her clit hard. Angel swallowed hard and asked, "Nicolete this in Angel. How would you like to come to my place the weekend of August 21st? I have a male friend who will be visiting me to help me celebrate my birthday. He is dying for a threesome with two females. Are you interested?"

She heard Nicolete laugh and then reply, "Angel my dear you know me well enough by now I cannot resist a sexy birthday party. And besides, you and I both know that if the shindig is boring, I will make sure things will get hot!" 

Angel squealed with excitement, "Oh-my god, really? Oh just wait until I tell Eugene!" 

Angel then proceeded to tell her about the new love in her life. Adding Eugene is on the road allot and they agreed to have an open relationship. They felt so comfortable with the idea that they went one-step further. If they fucked someone, later when talking on the phone, they would both get off listening to the hot cum filled details of the fucking session.

Lately, Angel fucked a man named Alan. He has been bugging her to find a man to do a threesome with them. At first, she declined saying she was not ready. However, every time he talked about driving his cock into her hot cunt while the other male fucked her mouth, the more she wanted to do it. 

Angel had just finished talking to Eugene, who had agreed to do the threesome. They were both so hot by the time the discussed ended that they wished they were together fucking! Eugene told her to rub her clit, while he jacked off. In the middle of masturbating, he asked her what would happen if the threesome were with a woman and not a man. Angel lost control and came so hard she nearly pissed the bed!

Nicolete told Angel to expect her late Friday night adding then the fun begins at the stroke of midnight. Well call this party, "A birthday threesome!"

It was Friday night and Angel had everything ready for their little party. There was a knock on the door, and there stood Nicolete. Wow Angel thought, what a knockout. Oh just look at those tits, damn I know Eugene is a tit man, I hope he does not like hers better than mine. Then, just like clockwork, there came the sound of an air horn, Eugene's signal that he would be there in just a few minutes.

She rushed Nicolete inside and closed the door, then practically fell into her arms. Their kiss was a thing of beauty and passion, full of lust and the promise of a cum-filled night to be. 

Nicolete put her arms around Angel waist and pulled their bodies close together. She kissed her hard, their lips parted, and tongues danced together. She broke the kiss and uttered softly, "Angel, I want to make love to you. I have wanted this moment since the first time I looked into your soft green eyes. Oh my sweet sexy Angel guides me to your bed and we can experience a night of bliss!" 

Angel responded by kissing her forehead and whispering, "I want to be with you, but I have never been with a woman like this before. I have fantasized about this moment and dreamt about how it would feel touching you and feeling your body next to mine. Oh god, show me how to make love to a woman, let me feel the passion and warmth of your body next to mine."

She glanced out of the corner of my eye and gasp when she saw Eugene standing in the doorway and tracing the outline of his hard cock. He grunted and said, "Well hello Ladies, don't let my presence stop you, I am enjoying the view. Besides, if you do not mind a third party I want to join you and watch some hot pussy action!" 

Nicolete looked into Angel's eyes and they gave each other that knowing little wink that said, "Yes." She then whispered into her ear, "Lets give this guy of yours a hard on he will never forget! I would love to do a threesome with the two of you. Are you game?"

Angel nodded yes then kissed Nicolete's check and then walked over to Eugene and gave him a kiss guaranteed to curl his toes. Then uttered, "Come with us handsome, for a journey through paradise!"

Eugene returned the kiss and tweaked my hard nipples saying, "You sure this is what you want to do doll?"

She replied, "Oh hell yes, I want to make this a birthday I will remember! Let's go to the bedroom now!"

The three of them entered the bedroom. Nicolete turned to face Angel then pulled her close and kissed her passionately. Then she looked at Eugene and told him to find a good spot then strip and sit. The show was about to begin and she wanted to see him stroking his cock as he watched us get it on. 

She then returned her attention to Angel and removed her blouse and bra. When her 42D's came into view, she purred in delight and kissed each nipple biting it lightly sending a bolt of electricity straight to her clit. She kissed Angel again as she slipped off her skirt and panties. 

Angel stepped out of the clothing and began to undress Nicolete, God she was so beautiful. She slid the dress from her shoulders past the gentle flair of her hips until she stood there only wearing white lace panties. Angel trembled and Nicolete sensed the she was unsure of what to do next

Nicolete pulled Angel close, kissed her neck, and instructed her to lie down. Her experienced hands explored every sensual curve of her body. She climbed on the bed, kissed her face, and then with butterfly kissed worked her way slowly downward. She stopped long enough to gaze into her eyes and utter, "Just relax Angel, I am about to take you to a trip through paradise!" 

When she kissed Angel's neck and left a wet trial down her wanting body Angel moaned softly. When she felt Nicolete suck her nipples into her mouth and bit it gently, she moaned louder. Angel's fingers traced the small of Nicolete's back and loved the soft velvety feeling of her skin.

She looked over at Eugene and he was last in a trace, his hard cock throbbing in his fingers. Suddenly their eyes met, she winked at him and he blew me a kiss, and she knew he loved the show.

Nicolete looked into Angel's eyes as she ran her tongue across her silky public hair. When her lips touched Angel's pussy lips, she literally melted and exclaimed, "Oh my god, yesssss," and almost came instantaneously! She spread her labia and slid her tongue along inner fold of her wanting pussy. 

Angel ran her fingers through Nicolete's hair and urging her mouth on. Her experience tongue was making Angel dizzy with excitement and she could not wait to return the favor.

She ignored Angel's clit for the moment and concentrated on tongue fucking her deep inside her hot hole and enjoying the sweet nectar. 

Angle arched her back and bucked her hips in effort to rub her throbbing clit. Nicolete waited for what seemed like an eternity then slid two fingers deep inside her then sucked her clit like a hungry kitty lapping at a bowl of milk. Angel screamed and clutched the cover as the first contact send on earth shattering wave of excite through my whole body. 

Oh god, Angel did not know a woman's touch would give her so much pleasure! Nicolete's tongue begins to tickle her clit with increasing fervor as her fingers worked on her pulsating hole. Angel closed her eyes and let Nicolete's tongue bring her closer to climax.

Angel felt a tap on her shoulder that brought her back to reality. There within inches of her mouth was Eugene's throbbing member. She licked her lips and purred like a kitten then opened my mouth and engulfed his cock. She knew this little scenario had turned him on past the point of just watching. He has always told her that he wanted to fuck her hot mouth as another woman was eating her. 

The three of then were lost in the moment blocking out the world around them and brought each other closer to organism. 

Nicolete stopped eating me long enough to say, "Oooooh fuck, you really know how to turn me on, my clit is throbbing to be touched!"

Never in her wildest dreams did Angel realize that having sex with another woman would make her feel so turned on. She tasted the sweet nectar of Eugene's impending climax as her tongue worked its magic. When Nicolete slid her finger into Angel's ass, it caused a chain reaction and a flood of new feelings. Her body shock with wave after wave of a glorious new feeling as an earth-shattering climax overtook it. 

It was all Eugene could take he screamed, "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum!" Nicolete moved up and both of them lapped at his hard cock as it spewed it sweet honey all over the two of them. The two women spent a few minutes licking the delectable delight from each other's bodies.

Then Angel instructed Nicolete to lay back and let her taste the familiar sweetness of her juices. She kissed her and their tongues danced in passion. I she rolled on top of Nicolete and slowly began to explore her sensual body with my mouth and tongue. She lost me in desire as her mouth moved from one tit to the other nibbling at the swollen nipples feeling them harden in my lips. The she suckled her like a baby as her hands roamed the rest of her beautiful body.

She uttered, "Angel," as then gave her words of encouragement and taught her the joys of pleasuring another woman. She kissed her way downward with a wt trail clear to Nicolete's swollen labia. 

Nicolete's aroma was intoxicating. For the first time Angel looked at the inner folds of another woman's pussy close up. Her lips unlike hers were smooth shaven with just a small mat of fur on the pubic bone. She parted her lips and ran her tongue the length of Nicolete is her hot pussy and savored the sweet tangy juices. Her tongue went in search of more of her honey and when she slid it deep inside her juicy hole, she felt my own juices trickle down her legs. For the first time, she felt comfortable having sex with a woman and her mouth tasted the delights of her womanhood.

Angel ran her tongue across Nicolete's hard clit and she moaned softly. She slipped two fingers inside her and continued tickling her clit with her tongue. Nicolete's hands guided my head close to her and she moved her hips in fucking motion matching the rhythm of her tongue. Her breathing became rapid and shallow and Angel knew Nicolete was nearing climax.

Then all the sudden Angel felt Eugene fingers fondling the inner folds of her hot pussy. He kissed the back of her neck and uttered, "I love you Angel! Oh, God, baby you are awesome! I'm going to slide my hot cock into your tunnel of love and fuck you like you never been fucked before as you as you eat Nicolete!" 

Angel was only a beginner, but the feelings were so intense it was if she had done this a dozen times before. As her finger, steadily finger fucked Nicolete, her tongue encircled her clit bringing her closer and closer to climax.

Angel felt Eugene throbbing member enter her pussy and he kissed the back of her neck and whispered. "Angel I love you, you're awesome. You have my cock so fucking hard, I am going to fuck your hot cunt harder then you have ever been fucked before as you make Nicolete cum!"

Nicolete begin to shiver and shake and her body tensed. She screamed out Angel's name and let her know she was cumming. Angel eagerly swallowed the sweet nectar and then felt my own body quake as another organism over her. Eugene followed simultaneously cumming and filling Angel's pussy with his hot juices. 

Nicolete told Angel to turn around quickly and hungrily ate Eugene's hot cum from Angel. Angle screamed, "Ooooooh fuck, yesssssss!" She was elated; two of her favorite fantasy became reality on the same night. Here she was having sex with another woman and a threesome.

They all curled up together on the bed and Angel kissed them both saying, "Thanks, that was one hell of a birthday present!"

Eugene kissed her and said, "Happy Birthday Darling! You know something, I think I like your nawty side better!"

Nicolete kissed Angels lips then chuckled saying, "Honey, can I spank you that many times? Angel, you know I love being nawty and the fun has just begun!"