 Dee's new job was a boon for our finances, and the hours she had to work made it fine with my work commitments and the kids. I was rapt to see her so happy and was also pleased with the attitude she was showing in the clothes she would wear when working. She'd always dressed nice for me when we went out and when we fucked, but to see my sexy long-legged wife walk out the door in high heels and a hot outfit for work was H-O-R-N-Y!!

About a week ago, Dee rang me at work and told me Al had phoned with a rush job that she had to do. Two Japanese execs from Toyota were coming in to town and were keen to buy a place down the peninsula where all the golf courses were. Apparently her job was to pick the two guys up at the airort, show them to their hotel, then drive them down to inspect the apartments and condos at each of the golf course developments. She was then to have dinner and negotiate with them before heading home. It was to be a long day for her and so I arranged to pick up the kids and cook them dinner. We spent a lovely night watching a video before I put the kids to bed and sat back and watched another video myself. I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew Dee was kissing me on the cheek and her hand was snaking it's way inside my trousers as I lay on the couch! 

She put her finger to my lips in the "don't say a word" message. I smiled and leaned back, enjoying the touch of her long finger nails as they raked their way along my rapidly firming shaft. She unzipped me and then went down on me as only Dee can. I am almost eight inches when erect, and my sexy wife can easily take it all the way into her hungry throat. I moaned a little and pushed my cock upwards deeper into her throat. Without a word she jammed it in until I could feel it bottom out on her tonsils at the back of her throat. Within three minutes she made me cum. My jism oozed and spurted into her mouth, and she managed to almost gobble the lot down. A few small trickles seeped out the side of her lips and she rapidly looked me in the eye and slurped them down aswell. She then stood back and removed all her clothes, but left on her black heels. I loved that! She always knew that fucking in heels was my favourite thing. These were her platform sandal style heels, six inches, and man she was tall when she wore them! I know Japanese guys are relatively short, so I expected she had impressed them with her height during the day's activities.

She tugged on my legs and turned me so that I was leaning back in the couch with my legs stretched out facing her. Slowly she stepped back and then started a sexy show, dancing and writhing in front of me. Her hands were all over her breasts, and kept cupping them, which she also knows drives me crazy! She then slowly, and I mean slowly, lowered her hands down her body, gliding down her waist and stomach, before reaching down and exposing her clit. She gave it a slow and wet flicker, before inserting three fingers inside her pink and hairless cunt. She pumped them up and down a few times, squatting down lower with each thrust, until her fingers were buried deep inside. Suddenly she pulled them out and showed them to me. The were covered in white sticky cum! I was shocked and aroused at the same time! Dee then shocked me again by thrusting the cum soaked fingers into her mouth, before licking the clean. 

Man was my wife a sexy bitch! Not to rest on her laurels, she slowly turned around and then bent over, so that her awesome ass was facing me. Her left hand then snaked it's way around and she inserted a finger deep inside her ass. Normally she likes the action round there to be slow, so I was a little surprised when she jammed the finer in and out pretty fast and deep. I soon found out why. She pulled out the finger and revealed that her ass was also full of cum! Man...it HAD been a big day!! My cock was starting to harden again and Dee noticed this.

Without saying a word still, she back towards me and took hold of my cock. 

"Fuck me. Stick your fat cock in my hot cum soaked ass and fuck the shit out of me".

It was the first words she had uttered since she had woken me on the couch. My hot assed wife wanted me to butt fuck her...so who was I to refuse a request like that????

I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart, noticing the wetness in her hot musky hole. Normally we would use a heap of vegetable oil when doing anal, but this night was different. She lowered her asshole down and pushed hard immediately, jamming my now raging hard on inside her soaking ass. I felt the heat in there and grabbed her hips really firmly, fucking her fast and mercilessly. I knew she wanted it that way. Her hair and head were thrashing around and she was grunting and moaning as she always did during anal or double penetration sex. I was wildly turned on. Her she was, heels only, letting me fuck her ass like anything. It was fantastic. I finally needed to cum and she didn't miss a beat. I pumped and pumped and then jammed it in as far as it would go as I deposited my cum where someone had obviously been earlier that day. Without saying a word, she pumped my cock with her ass until all my cum was trapped inside her butt. She then slowly moved off until a loud "pop" released my cock from her fantastic ass, and she walked off towards the bedroom saying,  "Come to bed and I'll tell you all about it"...........

Email us with your thoughts at the link below.