 It was a hot and muggy day now that summer was in full bloom. The night temperature would only drop to the high 70's or low 80's, just the way I liked it. It was really quiet around my house since my divorce. My wife and I couldn't see eye to eye on a lot of things and we drifted apart over the years. I couldn't blame her for wanting more but I didn't think she had to go to the extreme of fucking my best friend while I was away weekly. I guess she wanted more than I could give her so she said, "Fuck it!" and disappeared into the night about six months ago with my neighbor. I was kind of pissed at first but now I was enjoying my freedom. My wife and I never had children so that wasn't an issue. I glanced over at the vacant house next-door and wondered if it would ever sell. I heard from the realtor about a week ago and he told me he had a couple coming by today to show the house to, all I wanted was someone nice.

I cleaned up around the house and finally headed out to cut the grass. I had about an acre of grass to cut but it wasn't with my new riding lawn mower. I had made a couple of paths around the back yard and when I came up closer to the front I saw a car in the driveway next door. I knew it was the realtor's and wondered if he was showing the house. I'd been on the lawn mower for about twenty minutes when I glanced up once more and noticed three people in the backyard by the pool. The closer I got to them the more clearly I could see that there was in fact two woman and the realtor. I slowed the lawn mower down as I approached the driveway and I glanced over once more. Sam, the realtor waved at me, and the two young women along side of him did the same. I watched as Sam, along with the women start to make there way over towards me. I turned off the lawn mower and sat there at first. The closer they got I knew I wanted them as neighbors, at least because of their hot tight looking bodies...

The taller of the two girls had long blonde hair going down beyond her shoulders. She had a slender build but her body seemed fit as a fiddle. Her breasts jutted out from under her halter-top, I could make out the hint of nipples under the fabric. The other young lady was as beautiful as the first one. She too had shoulder length hair but it was a light brown almost brunette with streaks of blonde highlights running down the length of her hair. What really caught my eye about this second young lady was the belly button ring or stud that she had...it glistened in the sun and my eyes were drawn to it like a magnet. She was slightly shorter than the blonde but I sure won't kick either one out of my bed. 

"Dan, I want to introduce you to your new neighbors." Sam said. "This is Susan." Pointing to the blonde "and this is Mandy." Pointing to the other girl. 

I climbed off the lawn mower and stuck my hand out to Susan first and grabbed her hand. God it felt good to feel the softness of a woman's touch. I said "Hi" then I released my hand and moved towards Mandy the other young lady and held out my hand. She seemed hesitant at first but soon her hand grabbed mine and we cordially shook. There was something different about this young lady, I couldn't put my mind on what it was but there was something in the air...Mandy stepped back, away from me quickly. Sam spoke up again.

"The girls have decided without a doubt that this is the place for them. They love everything about the house, the pool and the location."

"Great." I said. "It will be nice to have neighbors again. Damn house has sat for months now and wondered if it would ever sell. I was kinda tired of cutting the grass." I laughed as I said this.

"You've done such a good job on it that Mandy and I should hire you for our grass cutting." Susan said with a big old smile on her face.

"Maybe I'll take you up on that...if the price is right!" I replied with a chuckle.

"I'm sure we could work something out." Susan replied.

"Well ladies, let's get the final paperwork completed back at the office. You should be able to move in rather quickly after that." Sam said.

Susan looked my way and gave me a wink. "I guess we'll see you when we move in Dan. It was nice meeting you." She said as all three turned and headed for the car. I watched as they climbed in to the car and off they went. Sam waved and so did Susan. Mandy didn't give me the time of day. Oh well I thought...

I climbed back onboard the lawn mower and started to cut once again. While the sounds of the lawn mower clouded my mind I couldn't help think about my new neighbors. Damn, it sure was going to be nice having two luscious looking ladies next door. Then my mind turned towards Mandy...I wondered what was up with her. Matter of fact she seemed a little put out that I was showing some attention towards Susan. I hoped that didn't offend her, it was just so easy talking to Susan. The hot air slapped at my face as I turned the corner on my finally pass around the yard. It sure will be nice climbing in to the pool next door. Sam had let me use it as long as the house stayed vacant. That was going to soon change...

***** 

It seemed like only yesterday but it had been three weeks when I heard the moving van pull into my neighbor's driveway. I watched from the coolness of my den as the movers took in box after box along with a ton of furniture. I did notice that there was two bedroom sets going in so my mind was kind of relieved, I was having thoughts that the girls were gay or something and didn't want anything to do with me. I didn't know where the thought came from, but I soon dismissed it. I could see Mandy and Susan working like little beavers. Each would carry in a load of stuff then they'd come back out only to do it again and again. It almost got comical after a while, but soon the movers were finishing up and the movement stopped out side. I headed for the shower...

There wasn't much on TV so I headed for my porch and sat with a cool one in hand, watching the stars above me. There wasn't any outside lights on and the stars could be seen from horizon to horizon. That's what you get when you live so far up a mountaintop. Even if you have neighbors, it was still nice and quiet. There was a small little community up here but the lots around here were all different sizes so we all had plenty of room. That's what sold me in the first place. I leaned my head back and just stared into space. I was almost asleep when all of a sudden the porch door opened and slammed shut loudly next door. I peered over that way and saw one of the girls standing inside their enclosed porch. Soon the other one appeared, I could see them talking but the distance was to far away for me to hear what was being said. I felt almost like a peeping tom because I was so intently watching them. My eyes had adjusted to the dim light from their porch and what I saw next just about blew me away. I couldn't make out their faces but soon the two of them were in each other's arms and from my view they were kissing... 

I about fell out of my chair. I instinctively turned and looked around me, not seeing anyone, I slipped into my house and grabbed the binoculars and headed back out side. By the time I got back outside I could see that they had lit a couple of candles and I noticed a bottle of something on the table near them, along with a copy of glasses. I raised the binoculars to my eyes and zeroed in on the girls. I could see them clearly now and what a sight laid before me. Neither one of them had on a stitch of clothing, and oh yes, I could see the whiteness of Susan's body contrasted against the light tan on Mandy's skin. My cock immediately started to rise. I watched as they rubbed and caressed each other's body and I could tell that this wasn't the first time. Their mouths met and joined together, Mandy removed her mouth first and moved it to Susan's neck, nibbling and biting. Soon Susan pushed Mandy away and she slowly dropped to her knees, letting her hands massage at Mandy's tight little body. I watched as her hands had held each breast and tweaked and pulled at each nipple. Susan's mouth stopped long enough at each nipple to make them grew in size. Mandy had thrown her head back and it was moving from side to side in a positive gesture. 

My cock wanted to be set free so I took the glasses away from my eyes long enough to shove my shorts down to my ankles then I kicked them off to the side. I returned the glasses and now Susan's face was buried in the tender spot of Mandy's crotch. Mandy had reached out with her hands and cupped the sides of Susan's face, almost pulling her into her pussy. I couldn't take much more of this so I reached down with one hand and started to stroke so slowly my growing cock. My pre-cum had dribbled out and now my cock was slippery as hell. I tried to concentrate on the girls but it was now getting real difficult whacking at my cock and trying to stay focused with the binoculars, so I opted for the whacking, but I wanted to see more. "Fuck it! I got to get closer!" I thought to myself. I let go of my cock and lowered the binoculars, setting them down; I now boldly crept over the grass towards the girls. I knew the girls couldn't see me because of the light coming from inside their porch. I was covered in the darkness of the night. The closer I got I could finally hear noises and they were definitely ones of passion. Mandy had now moved over to the chaise lounge and had her legs spread open wide and Susan was between them. I was at a perfect spot; Susan's round ass was pointed directly at me. It looked so fucking inviting that I almost charged the porch to take it... 

I got a bit closer and was glad I did. Now I could hear the moans rising up from Mandy. The moans of pure ecstasy filled the night air. I was almost at the porch now and was hidden by a set of bushes but I could see clearly how Susan was lapping and ministering to Mandy's needs. Mandy now had her hands at the back of Susan's head pulling her face deeper into her pussy mound; Susan's head was doing circles over Mandy's exposed pussy. I could see that there was a wetness dripping from Susan's exposed pussy and her lips were parted, making a perfect target for my hard cock. God I wanted that hot little box wrapped around my cock. I squeezed harder and pulled at my cock in unison with Mandy's cries of passion. 

"Oh yes babe, suck my clit now...Oh suck me baby!" Mandy moaned out. "Please stick your hand in my hot pussy. Oh, feel how wet you've made me. Make me cum my hot little babe." She hollered out!

Susan could only moan out loud, having her face buried deep on Mandy's clit mound, which masked the sound. When Mandy started to reach her orgasm so did I. My eyes were riveted on the sight before me but my hand was pounding away until the swelling rose in my cock and balls and I unloaded a blast of cum which landed in the bushes, then another and once more cum hit the ground and bushes. I almost fell to the ground because of the intense orgasm I was having. God, it had been to long for this...

It took me a couple of moments to get my thoughts cleared up but I was soon brought back to reality by the voice of Mandy. She was having an in depth conversation with Susan about sucking her pussy and wishing that it was filled up to the brim with cum. Then she mentioned my name...and my ears really perked up. 

"Oh Susan, to bad our new neighbor wasn't here between your legs filling your hot tight pussy with his cum. You know I just want to suck you dry." She said.

I was wondering about that statement and soon I knew what was up with Mandy being kinda cold towards me. You see, Mandy explained how much she liked the taste and texture of cum but she was very adamant about not having sex with a guy. Especially sucking a guy's cock was a turn-off to her. I had a hard time in trying to figure that out but I quickly dismissed it the thought. I wondered if Mandy had ever had sex with a guy or not. My mind was still trying to place all these new thoughts in the right file in my mind when Susan's voice hit my ears.

"Mandy, I think before the weekends out you'll have your chance to suck Dan's cum from my. When do you want me to seduce him? I can go in and give him a call or better yet how about me going over just like this?" She said. "Oh I know you want it so bad my sexy baby."

"You want me to suck and fuck Dan so you can have your taste of him. Don't you? I know you want to see his cock pound away at my pussy and finally depositing his hot load deep inside of me." Susan asked.

"Oh yes Susan, keep that up and I'll go get him myself!" Mandy stated. 

"Well, what do you want Mandy? Do you want to suck my pussy with just my juices or do you want a taste of hot sticky cum? Make up your mind; my pussy is beginning to ache. So what will it be?" she asked...

"Oh babe, whatever you decide, I'll go along with. You know I'm not going to have sex with him or anything else for that matter. How are you going to explain that to Dan?" Mandy asked. "You know how guys are. All they want to do is fuck and then treat us woman like shit."

"Don't you worry about that my sweet thing. Leave Dan up to me, he'll be eating out of my hand before the nights out or should I say he'll be eating out of my pussy." Susan said laughingly. 

I turned quickly hoping that I wouldn't be seen and hauled ass back home. I entered my house quietly and quickly closed the door behind me. I leaned against the door; my heart was beating so fast that I thought I was going to have a heat attack. "Damn, now these are some great neighbors." I thought...

***** 

I tried to collect my thoughts but it was so hard to get the sight of these two beautiful women out of my mind. Truly the body of a woman is something to look at and behold. There is nothing better to embrace than a soft tender body, one that will return or reciprocate the touch. Damn they're hot...I made my way to the bathroom and turned on the shower. My body was sweaty and sticky from the action in my neighbors yard and I needed to clean myself up, hoping that Susan would follow through with her taunting with Mandy, was an additional bonus motive! I'd cleaned up and had just stepped out of the shower when I heard a knock at the back door. My heart skipped a beat, just like a high school kid with his first lay. I slipped on a pair of shorts and headed for the door. I turned on the outside light and to my surprise, there stood Mandy. I opened the door and greeted her warmly.

"Hey neighbor, what brings you over here this late?" I asked.

Mandy brushed the hair from around her face and she kind of glared at me. There was a stark beauty upon her face. Her big brown eyes matched the tone of her hair and her body was lightly covered in a loosely fitted dress that reached high above her thighs, she was one foxy lady. I noticed for the first time that her hands were delicate and her nails were well manicured, just the way a woman's hands should be. My mind shot back to only about a half an hour ago when those hands were holding on to Susan's head firmly planted in her crotch. Her skin was radiant with a slight olive tint to it, not weather worn but well taken care of. God I wanted her...

"Dan, that is your name, right?" she asked while I shook my head yes. 

"Susan was wondering if you could come and check out the pool pump motor or something like that? We wanted to go swimming and the pool pump wasn't running. Can you take a look at it?" 

" Oh, ah, sure I can. Let me get a flashlight. I'll be right back, come on in for a moment." I told her.

"No that's okay, I'll meet you in our backyard by the pool." She said as she turned and walked off, not waiting around for a response.

It only took me a minute or two to find my flashlight and I headed over to the girls house. I didn't let on a bit about over hearing their conversation about me and my cum, nor did I let on about knowing damn full well there wasn't anything wrong with the pool motor. I decided to play along all the way. The closer I got to the pool I noticed that Mandy had now taken her little dress off and was standing there in a knockout bathing suit. She might as well not had anything on because she surely wasn't covering up much of anything. Then I caught sight of Susan bending over the pool pump motor. All I could see was her ass pointed in my direction with a thong bathing suit snuggly set between her gorgeous ass globes. My heart skipped a beat. The closer I got the better the view became. I knew one thing, this Susan girl sure knew how to get a man hot, she was wiggling her butt in the air and finally she stood up.

"Oh, glad to see you neighbor. I hope Mandy wasn't to hard on you about coming over." She said.

"Oh it's my pleasure. I know a thing about pumps and motors and stuff. You know the general shit a guy can handle. Let me take a look at the problem." I said as I walked closer and finally I stood next to Susan.

It blew my mind, but I could feel the heat coming from her body...it might have been my imagination but I could swear that she was just like a heater turned on high! Mandy had taken a position close by but not as close as Susan. I kind of glanced over at Mandy and noticed that she had a glazed look covering her eyes, almost like she had been smoking dope or something. I blew it off. I got kind of squatted down and messed with the pump and motor, only to find that there was in fact a loose wire, so it really wouldn't run. I turned my head and Susan's body was really close, I mean her crotch was right at my head level and I was looking directly at her barely covered crotch.

"I ah, I, do you have a screw driver anywhere? You have a loose wire and I think once I tighten up the nut, it will work again." I asked her trying not to stare. Susan looked at Mandy and without a word, Mandy headed for the house.

Susan broke the silence, but she hadn't moved a bit and her pussy was still only inches from my face. "I noticed Dan that you're not married but how about a girlfriend?" she asked.

All I could do was nod my head no. I was completely mesmerized by the sight of this scantily clad woman standing next to me. As I was squatted down, Susan opened her legs up a bit and I watched as the material covering her pussy mound slip up between her pussy lips, exposing a bit of them. I could feel my cock stir in my shorts and beads of sweat rose on my forehead.

"So you don't have a girlfriend Dan. That's a shame, I bet you're a great lay!" she softly whispered. Then she opened up her legs even more and now the material of her suit pulled up higher between her pussy lips and I noticed that there wasn't a bit of hair covering them...

I didn't know what to do so I just did what came naturally. I moved myself over slightly and placed my mouth directly over her mound as my hands grabbed her hips. I bit down gently at first and let my tongue push the material aside. Susan moaned out and opened her legs even farther now, which allowed me full access to her throbbing pussy. When Susan's hands touched my head I about lost it, she pulled my face closer until my nose was pushing hard against her clit. 

"Oh yes. I can see you like sucking me. Ohhhh, keep it up baby." She moaned.

I lapped and lapped until I could feel her clit swell below my tongue. I pushed the material aside and now her pussy was fully exposed and damn it looked and tasted fantastic. There was a bit of soft pubic hair above her clit and this kind of tickled my nose making me pull away for a moment. Susan laughed at me while she tugged at my shoulders, wanting me to rise to my feet. When I stood up it was very evident that she got me hot as a firecracker. My cock was straining at my shorts and there was a big wet spot growing on the material. Susan reached out and grabbed my cock through the shorts, giving it a big squeeze. Our mouths met in a passionate kiss while our tongues danced about each other. There was sweetness in her mouth and then it dawned on me, I tasted the fruits of Mandy's hot little pussy. This made me drive my mouth into Susan's that much harder now, and my tongue plunged in deeper.
