 It was a strange feeling. After the wild fuck on the couch, we headed to the bedroom and we cuddled and kissed. I was dying to hear all about Dee's latest work adventure. I lay with my head on the pillow, as Dee began to explain how her appointment with Al and the two Japanese guys had gone.

Dee picked up the guys from the airport and took them to their hotel. They both spoke broken English only, so it was a little hard to ask them many questions. However, she knew enough to get by, and after getting them settled in their room, showed them the sights on the way down to the peninsula where the golf condos were located. It was about an hours drive and on the way down there, Dee said the two men sat in the back as she drove. She could tell they were making some sexy or rude comments about her, because they kept laughing and making noises suggesting something horny. Dee made a mental note to study Japanese in future if Al was going to get her to do these deals. She thought it would be great to understand everything they said without them realising she could understand!

When they arrived at the first condo complex, Dee parked the car and then showed the men through the golf clubhouse. They made quite a sight. A six foot blonde in stilleto heels, followed by two Jap executives in conservative suits. A rather unusual sight in the pro shop laden with clubs, gloves and balls. Mind you, the story was to reveal that in fact Dee's afternoon would be filled with gloves and balls!!

Anyway, as they entered the first condo, the two men followed Dee into the main living room, watching her gorgeous ass sway as she clicked her heels across the floorboards. She was wearing her red suit, the one with the short skirt and lonnnnnnnnnng jacket - just like in the song! (Here's a pic so you know what she looked like). On her feet were her classic black stilettos, with the 6 inch heels she knows drives men crazy.

As Dee explained the various rooms, the men began to get a little flirty. One of them pointed to the main bed, and suggested Dee show them how good the mattress was. Being the vamp that she is, Dee sprawled down on it, writhed around a bit, then bounced up and down a few times, suggesting that it could cope with whatever the men could dish up. They both laughed in a deep sexy way before Dee bounced off the bed and headed for the door. She knew how to tease them and thought she now had them hooked.

They headed to the second condo, about ten minutes down the road. This was the one that Dee liked best, and she wanted to really do the hard sell here because the view was spectacular. The main bedroom had a balcony overlooking the ocean and the living room had a bar area that overlooked the green of the ninth hole of the fantastic golf course. Ass Dee got out of the car, she stopped momentarily to adjust her dress. The hem of her skirt had ridden up high as she was driving. Without looking at them or saying a word, Dee pulled the skirt down and walked to the front door, feeling the heat of the stares behind her on her wiggling ass.

This condo was exactly what the guys wanted. It was spacious, open plan living at its best. The views were sensational and Dee didn't really have to work hard to convince them. As soon as they entered, Dee knew that the two execs would choose this one, as they appeared to want a place that was good for entertaining clients from Japan when they came over. As they admired the view of the 9th green from the living room window, the taller of the Japanese men approached Dee. 

In broken English he said, "You show us bed, we play, we buy!". 

Dee felt a little used there, but remembered the commission. Hey, why shouldn't I tease the hell out of these guys, enjoy some nice sex and get paid heaps to do it? 

"This way gentlemen" she said, leading them to the bedroom.

In the main bedroom the bed was over by the window, and in the corner was a mirror on a stand, reflecting perfectly anything that happened on the bed. The bed itself was a huge king-sized waterbed. It was amazing. It was actually sunken in to the floor, so that the top of the doona was level with the floor. The Japanese guys showed their admiration, before turning their attention to my lovely wife. One of them kissed her blatantly on the lips, before she slapped him and stepped back. She knew how these execs for Japan liked their sex. They loved to be dominated. And dominate she would. Dee figured that if she was going to use sex to help earn some money, then it would be on her terms. The two Japanese men were in for a torrid time!

"Strip" Dee commanded. The guys didn't understand what she said, so she went over to the shorter guy and took him by the tie. She dragged him roughly over to the floor by the bed and ordered him again to strip. This time she indicated he should undress, and so he did as ordered. Funny thing was, as he stripped, he kept kissing and licking her feet! Dee knew she was going to enjoy this. Man number one was a submissive, and Dee was in the mood to dominate! She indicated to man number two that he should also remove his clothes, and then sit in the easy chair by the window and watch the action. He started to say no, but Dee grabbed him by the hair and dragged him across to the chair, yelling forcefully for him to do as he was told. He must have understood enough, because he too disrobed and assumed his rightful place in the corner.

Back on the bed number one was now naked, except for his glasses. Dee paused momentarily to wonder why all the Japanese men she'd ever met wore glasses? She stood over him like a queen at the end of the bed. Taking off her red jacket, she placed her foot on the edge of the sunken bed for him to worship. He didn't disappoint. His tongue went crazy, licking and slurping its way along her heel and toes, before he took her ankle in his hands and kissed and caressed her ankles and shins. Dee noticed with a hint of humour that the guy now had an erection. It was cut, and not very long, but was a reasonable size. She moved her foot to his balls and began playing with them using her heel as number one threw his head back and moaned. Before Dee knew what was happening, the guy came! His cock spurted it's love nectar all over her ankle and foot and heel, and there was plenty of it. Shocked but turned on, Dee grabbed him by the hair and forced him to lick her shoe and foot clean. He lapped at his own cum like a dog, and finished cleaning her in a minute. For his effort Dee pulled him to his feet on the floor and kissed him. She slid her sexy tongue deep inside his mouth and collected any of the remaining cum that was there. Their tongues entwined sexily and she rubbed his cock before leading him over to the window. 

"Sit and watch" she told number one, before pushing him to the floor.

Guy number two could see what was happening and stood from his chair. Dee went to him and they kissed. He was slightly shorter than Dee, and the image of this striking tall women with blonde hair, kissing the Japanese man with his jet black hair and smooth skin was a striking one. Laying number two down on the bed, Dee removed the rest of her clothes. We had a water bed so she knew the damage her spiked heels would do to the mattress! Number two moaned as she removed her clothes, and saw what a sensational sex queen Dee really is in the flesh. Crawling on to the bed, Dee took number two in her mouth, his smooth pole rapidly swelling as she licked and sucked him. He threw his head back, and moaned loudly as he watched the head, then the shaft, disappear into the gorgeous Dee's mouth and throat. Before long she had the full length of his now stiff cock in her throat and was working her magic with her tongue and mouth muscles.

After the disappointment of the first guy cumming so fast, Dee determined to make this guy wait a lot longer to feed her his cum. He had moved his hands to grab her by the hair, forcing his cock further into her hot mouth, but she would have none of it. She slapped his face and threw his hands back over his head, cursing him before resuming her tongue action on his cock and balls. She snaked her way lower until her tongue lapped at his butt crack. Sensing the tongue as his butt, the guy lifted his cheeks off the waterbed and Dee snaked her tongue into his crack, licking and poking his small opening with her dirty tonguework. She was on fire by now. Dominating these two guys and getting paid for it was making her burn with fuck heat!

She spun round and placed her pussy just above number two's face, then slowly lowered her pussy till his tongue began lapping at her blood swollen clitoris. He went mad sucking and flickering her clit, and she returned to his cock, savouring the 69 as she looked up and saw that guy number one was again hard, wanking his cock in the corner. She eyeballed him deliberately, before taking all of number two's cock inside her sucking throat once more, the effect amazing. Her own orgasm was welling now, and she decided to let herself enjoy her first orgasm of the day. Temporarily removing the cock from her mouth, she began to quiver and thrash as the first waves of pleasure rippled through the muscles in her cunt walls. In seconds she was a writhing mess of flesh, humping and thrashing upon the japanese mans tongue as it worked its magic on her clit. He was good. Dee granted him that fact, and as the wonderful feelings flooded through her and slowly began to abate, she decided that this guy was going to get spoiled. She would fuck him like he had never been fucked before. 

The moment she relaxed, she spun round and pushed his erect penis deep inside her sopping pussy. She was so wet that she engulfed his cock in one go, and felt his balls rolling against her ass as she began to pump up and down, rolling back and forth. His cock was not overly large, but Dee was in heaven. The guy underneath her reached up and sucked her nipples, and she grabbed him behind the head and increased the force of his actions, making her sensitive nipples twitch with excitement and pleasure. He fucked her good, and Dee knew he wanted to cum. 

"Not yet my lover" she said in english, and slowly pulled her saturated pussy off his desperate cock. He wanted to cum bad, and looked at her with longing in his eyes. Dee spun round, got on her hands and knees, and then invited him to get behind her. He rose to his knees and pointed his cock at her pussy once more, before she took him by the stiff glistening shaft and positioned his cock for the entry. He grabbed her hips and jammed it in....hard. Dee's head snapped backwards with the force, and she reached underneath and grabbed his balls. She knew that by pinching him in the right spot, she could force him not to cum until she was ready! She enjoyed the fucking and pumping action for many minutes, working both his balls and her clit with her fingers. She was in heaven, being fucked in a gorgeous condo overlooking the ocean and being watched by another man who was by now sporting his second erection of the day. She indicated he should approach them on the bed. He came over and Dee swallowed his cock in one go, now impaled like a spit roast upon two asian cocks. It was a gorgeous sight - Dee with her cheeks swollen by cock, being grabbed on the hips and fucked deep and hard by a man desperate to cum deep inside her pussy. Her hand still held his balls.

After ten minutes of combination fucking, Dee withdrew and stood up, much to the horror of the two men. She went to the balcony window, and opened it, before walking out on to the balcony through the door. She stood naked, looking out at the water, with juices dripping down her thighs and cum still sticking to her face where guy number one had popped off earlier. She turned to see both the men approaching, and smiled as she indicated they should join her on the balcony. Guy number one, the man who had cum in her mouth, she positioned on the sunlounge. He sat down and his small cock pushed upwards. Straddling him, Dee pushed her cunt onto his cock, and began fucking him again, his face buried in her chest as she rode him steadily, his cock feeling fabulous inside her cunt walls. She turned to number two and called him over, then positioned him behind her, before pushing her fingers into her mouth and covering them with saliva. She pushed the saliva laden fingers deep into her rectum, loosening her ass muscles before doing the same to his already slimy cock. Dee then took him by the cock and positioned him at her anus. She wanted to be double fucked. 

She wanted a japanese cock in her pussy and her ass at the same time. Slowly the cock pushed its way in, as guy number one held still a moment. He was enjoying the fucking he was getting from this amazing aussie woman, and was feeling the second cock enter her asshole, the thin membrane walls separating his friends cock from his inside Dee pussy and ass. The fucking then went mad. All three shrieked and moaned as the sexual pace increased on the balcony. Just as Dee was relaxing into a rhythm of being double fucked in her ass and pussy, she was aware of another pair of eyes. She looked out onto the beach and saw a man there. He was staring up at the trio of fuckers, and had his shorts around his ankles. His cock was in his hand and he was pumping it for all he was worth. He was masturbating watching the gorgeous woman on the balcony above being double fucked by the two asian men. It was an amazing sight.

It was all too much for Dee, and she burst into her second orgasm of the day - creaming the cock of the man in her pussy with love juice, and almost squashing the lovely dick in her ass as the muscles of her backside contracted. Guy number two, buried deep inside my sexy wifes' ass could take the pressure no longer. He had not cum yet, and after the amazing headjob he had received earlier, was dying for release. His cock spurted and spewed forth its massive load of cum deep into Dee's asshole, flooding the walls of her bowels with cum, and the guy in her pussy came too. It was a thrashing, cumming, juicing pile of bodies. As Dee shrieked and thrashed on the cumming cocks inside her ass and cunt, she managed to see the guy down below spurt cum about two feet in the air, the four of them cumming in a simultaneous orgy of ejaculation.

Her ass and pussy soaked in cum, Dee slowly climbed off the two men and returned to the bedroom. She dressed, cleaned up and then tidied the bed as the two execs also dressed. They visited the third condo, but it was unnecessary. The deal had been sealed with a kiss! At dinner, the two men signed the papers and Dee earned her commission from Al. As a gift, the two men gave Dee a japanese kimono - a very expensive traditional costume for japanese women. Dee promised them she would wear it for them the next time they met! But that is another story.......... She hurried home and found me asleep....as you know!

Email us with your thoughts to the link below.