 My husband and I have recently started enjoying the company of another woman in our sex life. We are still very much in love but we wanted to experience something new and taboo according to our families (not that they know!).

Our "other woman" is mainly for my benefit. She eats me, I eat her and if I am in a good mood she gives my husband a blowjob. Other than that my husband loves watching us.

One night he asked if I would ever give another man a blowjob. I told him I didn't know I would have to think about that. I thought about it and decided we already have a woman why not a man also. I told him my decision and he started looking. 

A few weeks went by and nothing else had really been said about our next adventure. On a Friday night when my husband came home from work he told me we had been invited to dinner at a coworker's home. We made arrangements for our children and went. Little did we know what the night had in store for us!

We arrived at Ed and Janey's house at 7:00. Janey answered the door to greet us. This woman is pretty damn cute I decided. She is built about like me, not skinny but not overweight. I could stand to loose a little weight but I am 32 and my husband says I am sexy so why bother! Her hair was shoulder length and a dirty blonde color. Her tan went very nice with her emerald green eyes. She showed us to the kitchen where Ed was mixing drinks. 

We went outside to the deck to enjoy the nice evening and it was closer to the grill! After dinner, we had more drinks and stayed outside. They live on the outskirts of town so the next neighbor is half a mile away and trees almost hide the house from viewers. The location turned out to be very convenient. We had several drinks and started getting louder by the minute. Somehow or another our conversation led to our sex lives. I guess when your drunk a person will talk about anything! 

Janey had just admitted her fantasy of being with another woman when Ed pops off he would also like getting a blowjob from another woman while his wife is being pounded by another man. Gee, how convenient I thought while giving my husband a look. He knew I was wondering if he engineered this whole thing and just shrugged.

After about three more rounds of drinks (they got stronger each round) Janey and I were going inside to pee. As she turned to go in the bathroom she stumbled and almost fell. I stepped forward and caught her but when I did her hand landed on my breast. She told me thanks but left her hand where it was. I blushed and walked out leaving her to pee. I went to the bathroom off the guest room and met her in the kitchen when we had finished.

After taking a shot of whiskey, Janey told me I had nice breasts. I told her thank you. The back door was open and the men overheard her comment and asked what that was about. I explained what happened. Ed spoke up and said he agreed with his wife. Then he asked if I enjoyed the feel. I asked why and realized all three of them were looking at my shirt. I looked down and saw my very erect nipples standing at attention. I half laughed and said I guess I did by their reaction. Everyone laughed. A few minutes later Janey looks at my breasts again and pops off about my still erect nipples. She comes over to me pinches one and says she wished hers were as hard as mine. Next thing I know I have an extra shirt in my lap. I look up and she has taken her shirt. Standing in front of me she bends down and takes my hand in hers. She places it on one of her boobs and starts moving my hand around in circles massaging her boob. I must admit it was arousing and her body agreed by the hardness of her nipple. She stands up and unlatches her bra from the front. Nice round 38Ds are now in my face. She has her hands on her boobs pushing them up asking if her boobs are okay. I told her they were very nice. Our men were leaning against the far rail with their mouths hanging open. 

Janey leans down and takes hold of my button down shirt and rips it open slinging buttons every where. Reaching around she unhooks my bra. This act places her boobs right at my mouth. Not even thinking, I lean forward and take her exposed nipple into my mouth. She gasps but doesn't pull back. I start sucking and licking on this stranger's nipple and my panties are becoming very wet The moans escaping her throat said she was enjoying the action. Ed finally comes around and clears his throat. Janey slowly pulls back and stands up. She commented on my skills as she let her hand graze my nipple. She turned to her husband asking if he liked seeing that. Both our men were sporting tents in their pants so we didn't need a verbal answer. After seeing how turned on all of us are, Janey pulls me to my feet. She unbuttons my shorts and pulls them down. I step out of them and she throws them at Ed. They land at his feet and stayed there for the remainder of the evening. 

Now on her knees in front of me, Janey runs a finger over my crotch. I could feel my hormones reacting to her gentle touch. Hooking her thumbs in the band of my panties, she pulls them off. This time my panties hit Ed in his face. Before removing them he sniffs the wet spot and they go in his pocket. Janey looks at my now exposed pussy. She has never seen another woman's privates this close and so bald before. Her fingers start lightly touching my lips. My body quivers to her touch. Next I feel her tongue barely tasting my lip. She likes the taste and starts licking and kissing both my lips while her fingers seek my clit. This chick says she has never been with another woman but she stepped up like a pro! Her tongue moves to my clit while her fingers enter my hole. 

First sliding in one finger she starts going in and out. I was so wet she added another finger to the fucking. I was so into this woman's touch I barely felt hands on my shoulders pushing me into a chair. My legs are lifted and spread wide. I look up to see my husband with one leg and Ed with the other. They wanted a closer look at my pussy being licked and poked. Being in front of strangers and outside in the open air was so exhilarating, it didn't take long for my body to tense up. Janey slurped my cum as it covered her face. As I was trying to catch my breath, I felt a hand pinching and rubbing my nipples. Ed was mauling my tits. Janey was now standing with James' hand on her tits and her hand stroking his meat. I smiled as I sat up reaching for his wife wanting to strip her completely. Her breath became more rapid in anticipation of my touch. I looked at her face when I first put my finger on her clit. Her eyes rolled into her head and she gave a most sensual moan. Spreading her lips, I started making circle motions around her clit with my tongue. My fingers had no problem entering her hole due to the juices flowing. I wanted to make her first experience with another woman something she would never forget. I stood and led her to the table. She got on the table and spread her legs as I knelt back down.

The pressure of the pants became too much for the men. They were naked and stroking their dicks in a matter of seconds. I found Janey's clit with my tongue and my fingers found her wet and willing. I put two fingers in and fucked her hole while licking at a steady pace. Moans of pleasure were coming from her throat. She couldn't lie still from the pleasure she was getting. Her hips were coming off the table as they were grinding more and more into my face. I decided to pick up the pace. My fingers were fucking her faster and faster as my tongue was all over her clit. I could feel her body tensing up. Just as her orgasm hit its peak, she screamed out and grabbed my head shoving it deeper into her. Her body jerked several more times as I licked every last drop. Ed couldn't take any more; he shot his load all over the deck. My husband kept stroking as he walked up to where Janey still lay. He shoved her legs up and even further apart. Placing the head of his cock at her hole he entered her with one quick deep thrust. Her head came off the table as she saw who was shoving a cock in her but soon she was in full throttle as my husband hammered her. 

I let Ed regain his composure a little before crawling to the chair he had fallen into. Placing the tip of his dick on my lips made him moan as he saw me take the length of his cock into my mouth. I told him to make sure he watched my husband fuck his wife like she was the village slut. He was already watching as I lowered my head and continued my mission. As my mouth and hand went up and down his shaft, I tightened my grip making his moans louder. As this whole experience was new to Ed and Janey, giving head to another man was new to James and me. Seeing me sucking Ed's dick didn't help James pounding Janey from behind, within a few minutes he shot his load. It was more than her cunt could handle as it started oozing everywhere. The sight of another mans ooze on his wife led Ed to his orgasm. I am not one to swallow. Sensing his orgasm, I pulled my mouth off jacked him to spurting all over my tits and stomach. 

The guys were done for but not us girls. We got into a 69 position and licked our husband's cum off each other. We licked ourselves into another orgasm. Breathless and on our backs, we decided it was time for another drink. Naked, we went to the kitchen. Our husbands were out of earshot this time and Janey mentioned her overflowing collection of vibrators, strap ons, and other toys. She told me we should get together while the guys were at work. We decided on Monday. 

After we left, my husband asked if we should have them to dinner the next weekend. I smiled and said definitely. Our other friend is put on hold for now, unless we decide to have her bring a friend.