 I took my usual seat at the bar and took my first sip of beer. It's been a long week and it's been unusually hot. My apartment has no AC so there was no point in hurrying home. Another regular pulled up the seat next to me and we enjoyed some small talk while we sipped our beers. Peter mentioned that he didn't mind the heat so much because he has a pool at home. 

I was thinking to myself that I really wish he'd invite me over because I'd really enjoy a cool swim. The sweat was pooling below my armpits and dripping down the back of my neck. I really wished for an opportunity to cool off.

We had another beer and he slowly looked up and asked "hey Johnson, you want to come over for a swim and watch some porn with me?"

I was shocked. He was right there looking me in the eyes. I'm sure my face looked like a deer caught in the headlights. 

Right at that moment his blue eyes began to take on a whole new aura. It was like looking into pools of water while my mind was spinning out of control. In that split second I was thinking thank god he's invited me for a swim and I was also thinking "watch porn with me????!!" Did he really say that? 

As I contemplated the question I thought to myself... I really want to swim and I really do enjoy watching porn. He knows that. We've talked about porn before. What harm could come from swimming and watching some porn with a buddy?

I swallowed hard, pushed my glass back and answered "sure, I'd like that."

We paid our tabs and I followed Peter back to his place.

He opened the door and I went up the stairs first. When I reached the top I saw his living room to my right and the kitchen and family room to the left. Directly ahead were the glass sliders to the courtyard and his beautiful pool!

He caught up to me, grabbed me by the arm and said "come on, let's get cooled off!"

We went through the doorway and stepped onto the patio. 

"It's completely private out here so we won't need trunks" he said as he pulled his shirt over his head, dropped his trousers and jumped into the pool. I was doing my best to hide my discomfort with this situation so I followed suit but I kind of turned my body when I dropped my pants - false modesty I guess. I too jumped into the cooling waters of the pool. 

"God this feels good!" I said.

It was a big enough pool that there was room to swim and splash around a bit without risking accidental contact. Now I'm not what I'd consider homophobic and I'd be lying if I tried to say I'd never had thoughts about what another man would feel like in bed... but still I was really feeling awkward.

Peter jumped out of the pool and asked if I wanted a beer. I couldn't help but glance at his equipment. He hung long and flaccid with a bit of a twist to his left. He was cut and probably five or six inches soft. His balls hung well below the head of his cock like two eggs in a pink sack. 

I answered "sure" as I looked away.

A couple of minutes past and I made my way over to the steps that lead into the pool. I found a comfortable spot on the top step where I could sit back and relax in the water. I put my head back and closed my eyes. I was re-looking at Peter's peter in my head. I'd only glanced at it but it had certainly made an impression. I wondered what it would look like if he were aroused...

Peter returned with fresh beers, leaned over and handed me one as he took a seat opposite me on the steps.

"So what kind of porn do you enjoy?" He asked.

I felt my cock twinge and realized that it was becoming aroused. I'd gotten a bit lost in thought and now I'm getting visions of my favorite porn scenes mixed in with my mental picture of Peter...I don't think I'll be denying my interest in any particular porn theme with my lie-detector springing up between my legs.

"It's your call, let's watch your favorite" I answered.

Just at that moment a voice called out musically "Honey! I'm ho-ome!"

On to the patio strides a beautiful woman in heels and a short, tight red dress. Her long blonde hair cascading over her shoulders and framing her perfect pixie face. Her eyes were bright and wide open and her smile beamed. Her breasts were perky and full as they strained against the fabric of her dress, nipples well defined through the soft fabric.

"Johnson, let me introduce you to my wife Kitty." Peter said as he rose to his feet to meet her.

I found myself stammering as I too raised up to greet the lovely lady. 

Glancing again at Peter I could see I wasn't the only one with a budding hard-on and to my horror I realized that mine was now nearly a full blown woody sticking out from my body as if looking for a friend...

"I see you were true to your word," she said looking at Peter and giving him a smile. 

Glancing back at me and looking me down from my eyes to my feet with a noticeable pause at my now towering cock, she crossed her arms and grasped the hem of her dress and in a single smooth motion raised it over her head tossing it aside. She stepped out of her heels and dove between us into the pool.

Her motion was that of a goddess. Every move she made was fluid and soft. I couldn't take my eyes off her beautiful full breasts. As she flipped and dove through the water I was given a show featuring her firm plump ass and hairless pussy as she swam.

"I invited you over for a swim and to watch some porn" Peter said. "We've had our swim, and now the porn has begun." He continued "I told Kitty that if she wanted to put on an erotic show, like the movies I enjoy, that I would bring her an audience."

"How do you like it so far?"

I couldn't tell a lie at this point because my cock was an obvious betrayal of my enjoyment. I told him I was glad to hear he's a man of his word and thanked him for choosing me to help him prove it!

He smiled as we turned our attention back to the show.

Kitty came up from under the water and looking Peter in the eye she slowly rose as she made her way toward us in the shallower water. First her face cleared with water running down across her cheeks and over her lovely ruby lips. Her neck and shoulders appeared followed by what seemed to be a slow-motion arrival of her plump perky breasts. She raised her arms as her breasts breached the surface and collected her hair into a bun. Through this process her breasts danced in and out of the water as she tied her hair slowly.

I stared at her nipples as they seemed to dance. They were very hard, poking straight out and pointing slightly upward. Her golden globes bounced as she leaned forward.

She moved closer towards us and soon her soft, hairless pussy was exposed and just a few feet from our faces. 

As I focused my eyes on her smooth puffy pussy she brought her hands down slowly, sliding them along each side of her flat stomach until they met at the very top of her crack. Her fingers began to part her pussy lips. She giggled as she looked up at the two of us. She knew she was capturing every bit of our attention. Her fingers found her clit and she began to rub and pinch and twirl her pleasure button. 

"God I'm wet" she said in a soft, sultry voice...

She continued masturbating and as she did she began to slowly twirl in the water allowing us to see her entire body in motion. My cock broke the surface of the water as if to get a better look for itself! I glanced again at Peter and saw that his cock was in the same state. Her breasts danced as she moved and I was in awe of her sweet ass. It was plump and round, but small at the same time. Each cheek was separate and her crack will defined. She bent just a bit as she turned away giving me a good look at her rosebud. I gasped just a bit at the sight and she picked up on my delight right away. Soon she'd moved one of her hands lower and began probing her ass hole with a finger. Just poking to her first knuckle and circling around her beautiful anus. 

She was now standing in water only up to her knees and she moved closer to us and put one foot up on the step between us. This opened her now fully aroused and dripping wet pussy and I watched intently as she parted her pussylips with her delicate fingers. 

We were now all fully enjoying the live porn show when she looked me in the eyes and said "I want to watch you stroke yourself while I fuck my husband's brains out."

Both Peter and I scooted ourselves up onto the pool deck and out of the water. I started to gently stroke my cock, which was now beginning to drip copious amounts of precum making it shiny and slick. 

Kitty turned her back to Peter and lowered herself down onto his towering pole. I watched the bulbous head of his cock slide up Kitty's crack and enter her pussy. She leaned a bit forward and her pussy swallowed his now fully inflated 8" post until all that was visible were his balls. 

She was still rubbing and fiddling with her clit as she began to ride up and down on Peter's cock. I was mesmerized. This was honestly the best porn I'd ever seen. I was no longer "gently" stroking myself. The head of my cock was soaked with my fluid and my hand was pounding furiously in a rhythm with her motion on my friend's manhood.

Kitty grabbed one of her breasts and squeezed hard. She brought the nipple to her lips and took it into her mouth suckling it loudly. Her other hand was now going fast and furious on her clit and vulva as Peter's thighs became tensed, defined and rock hard.

Kitty pounded up and down on Peter. She rubbed and suckled herself furiously. She let out a muffled scream as her orgasm shook through her entire body! She continued to scream and pound. She was cumming and cumming hard on her husband's cock.

I watched as his nut sack contracted and he to let out a deep loud moan as he unloaded his sweet love juice deep into her pussy. 

At the same time I let loose and sent stream after stream after stream of my hot, white jism flying through the air in every direction. I haven't come like that since I was sixteen!! Kitty loved MY show too! Her grin was from ear to ear. She was proud of herself and rightly so.

We were all spent, cum-covered, and catching our breath when we rolled back into the pool and began swimming ourselves back to earth!

After a few minutes we all took a seat on the steps.

I looked at the two of them and said "God I love porn!"