 I have no idea why I did it. Well, I kind of do. But it still. Surprised and makes me hot when I think about it 

It was coming up on the weekend. Thursday Danielle called me. She told me that her and some girlfriends rented a beach house and one had to back out. She asked me if I was available. She said that the girl would take 1/2 price of her share. 

Danielle had worked with me at another job. She and her friends were 10 years younger than me. After my divorce she had set me up on a couple of dates. I think she forgot how old I was. When I was 38 she was trying to set me up with guys 5-10 years my junior. I didn't hang out with Danielle a lot, but we did stay in touch. 

She was sweet. A lot of my married friends didn't really want to hang out anymore. Most of them didn't want an attractive divorcee around. At 5'8", 140, blue eyes, I think they worried about their husbands. It true, some hit on me, but that wasn't my fault. I always said no. 

I had no plans. Kids at college, divorced, 41, I don't live the most exciting life in the world. Besides the gym, I had no plans. I jumped at the chance. 

There were 4 of us Danielle, me, and 2 of Danielle's friends, Kelly and Sam, (Samantha).

The girls were fun, Kelly and Sam were married. Danielle single. Friday night we had a blast. We drank wine, laughed, made fun of men. It was just the kind of fun I needed. I truly enjoyed myself. We sat on the deck and listened to the water. There were houses on either side of us with lights on.

About 10:00 4 men came out of the house next to us and went running to the water. I say men because that's what I thought then. On their way back they saw us on the deck and came over to say hi. 

There were 4 of them. They were all about 22-24 They told us they were renting the house next door with 2 other guys. They were there till Monday. They stayed and chatted. A lot of it silly as is normal for young guys. 

Danielle, Kelly, and Sam had had a drink or two. They started flirting. They were not serious but they were having fun teasing the guys. They would lead them on, make sexual innuendos, and laugh. It was all in fun. As the older woman, I laughed but did not participate. I made fun of the girls for being naughty. They knew I was joking and they made fun of me for being a prude. We were all laughing at the boys expense, but it was all in fun.

Eventually it was late and we chased the boys off to go to bed. 

We hung out a bit more making jokes about penthouse forum stories and older women porn. We laughed about "making their day", and teased each other about wanting to take on a strong young man or 2. Talking about the recovery time of a young man. A little more laughing and we all headed to bed. 

When I laid down I started thinking about the jokes. Strong young men. As I thought about them my fingers drifted to my pussy. With visions of being ravaged by young men I lightly played with my clit, came, and fell asleep. 

I was up before everyone else. I was sitting on the deck in a pair of loose shorts and a t shirt, drinking my coffee. It was about 8:00 and I was enjoying the quiet and the view. 

2 guys came out of the house. They saw me and waved. I waved back. I had no idea if it was the same guys from last night or not. They ran up and down the beach for about 30 minutes. It was fun to watch. They were young, in great shape, eye candy. I sipped my coffee and enjoyed the view. 

When they were done, they ran up to the porch to chat with me. I think they were a bit disappointed I wasn't one of the younger girls. One of them asked for Samantha by name. I thought it was hilarious. 

We chatted for a while. Nothing flirty. I think they kept looking past me and hoping someone else would come out. Eventually they moved on. 

The other girls woke up. We had coffee, breakfast, and decided to do nothing all day but lie on the beach. About 10:00 I grabbed my bathing suit and headed for the beach. 

At 41 and 2 kids I'm not perfect, but I work out 4 days a week and even I know I look good. I can still rock a bikini like any 30 year old. Since I was planning to tan and did not care what anyone thought I brought 2 very skimpy string bikinis with me.  

I pulled one on and set out for the beach. I spread out my towel and lay down to enjoy the sun. I was lying on my stomach. I'd undone my top. 2 of the boys came up and asked if they could sit with me. I said sure. I think they were surprised it was me and not one of the younger girls. 

I actually heard one whisper, "Oh my god, did you see that ass?"

I laughed to myself, but looking back, I have to admit I found it flattering. 

The boys were joined by the others. Every time a new one showed up the ones who were there whispered and explained that it was me and not one of the younger girls. I heard a few "no way"s and "Holy shit"s. The word MILF was whispered. I was enjoying it. 

Eventually the other girls joined me, all in bikinis, but truthfully mine was the most revealing. They started chatting the boys up. The joking and the flirting started. This time they boys tried to engage me as well. I joined in. Not at the level of the other girls but I was having fun. 

At one point I stood up to go in the water. When I stood up, the guys stopped talking. I put my hair in a band and headed for the water. Two of the guys asked if they could go with me. I was feeling flirtatious. I wiggled my ass at them and said. I'm way too old for you boys. 

They laughed and said they didn't think I was too old at all. When we hit the water the guys got playful touchy. Nothing overly sexual, but at one point I was laying on my back floating while they held me up. One of the guys had his hands on my ass holding me up. I didn't stop him.

The day went quickly. We had lunch and spent most of the day on the beach with the boys. They were sweet. High school buddies who after graduating college decided to go away together once a year to keep their connection. 

As we left the beach, I wrapped myself in a towel. 2 of the boys walked up with me. As I was on the deck I decided to hang my bikini on the railing to dry. The two boys with me watched as I untied my top, pulled it out from my towel, and hung it to dry. Then I reached under it, pulled off my bottoms, stepped out of them, and hung the bottoms. The boys just watched. You could tell they were fascinated by the fact I was naked under the towel. 

The boys said they were heading out that night to go dancing. They asked if we wanted to come. We just laughed and said we'll see.

The town was a beach town. You didn't need a car to get anywhere. Everything was right there. We decided to get dinner and go walk around. Not sure where we were going I pulled on a cute summer dress. It had white floral pattern, short sleeves, and a V neck that ended in just barely decent territory. A pretty push up bra added enough interest to keep someone looking. The dress followed the curve of my body and hips and then flowed to ankle length. It was slit up one leg to mid thigh. When I walked it revealed a tantalizing flash of leg. A pair of cute pink panties and strappy sandals and I looked good. 

I stepped into the main room. The other girls were there in jeans and T shirts. They looked at me. 

Danielle said, "No way you're getting all the attention." 

She went back to change. Sam and Kelly decided to do the same. When they came out we all looked good. 

We headed out around 8. We got more than one look from the men and boys around town. I have to admit it made me feel sexy being part of this hot girl squad. The men my age checking me out were all attached. But the groups of young males certainly went to my head. 

We stopped for dinner. My dress fell apart at the slit and showed a lot of thigh. It's always interesting that men show more interest when they see something they think they're not supposed to be seeing. I wasn't showing any more leg than the other girls, but I got a lot more looks. As we ate we'd joke and tease each other about the guys checking us out. It was a huge ego boost and, I admit, a turn on. 

After we went to a local bar with dancing and music. We ran into the boys there. We weren't the oldest in the club, but we were above the norm. The boys spent the night dancing with Sam. Kelly, and Danielle. When they weren't dancing they hung out with me. It was extremely flattering. You could see the looks on the 20 something year old girls as these good looking boys ignored them and paid attention to us. 

The night was ending. The boys offered to walk us home. We all left together. When we got to our place they asked if we wanted another drink. We said sure, they ran and got some. 

Sitting on the porch we flirted. Even I joined in. A couple of strategic leg crossings caught a lot of attention. The boys were vying for our attention. We gave them just enough to think they had a chance, but we knew they didn't. 

When I went to bed, I already knew I was turned on. I stripped off my clothes, jumped into bed, and masturbated myself to an intense orgasm. Visions of strong young men fucking me, hot cum hitting me, they flashed through my mind as I had my fingers buried in my pussy.

Sunday was the day we were leaving. We had the house till 8 pm. We again headed for the beach. As soon as we hit the sand, the boys were there. 

Sam asked one of the boys to lotion her back. He jumped at the chance. 

I laughed and said, "Me too." 

I thought they would hurt each other trying to get to me. At last 2 of the boys compromised. One took my back, one took my legs. I was enjoying the attention. Strong hands rubbing me, seeing how far they could go. Actually, I wasn't stopping them. They did get my ass, under my suit a bit. The side of my tits. They did brush their hands against the crotch of my bathing suit. What did I care. It was fun driving boys crazy and I was enjoying it. 

We swam and enjoyed the sun. The boys attention kept us entertained. Sadly every time we went in the water one of the boys had to do lotion duty again. I hated it. 

The sun was starting to wane and it was getting time to pack up. I threw on a pair of loose legged Khaki shorts and a cropped tank top with a scooped neck. 

We all packed our cars and said our goodbye's. I was about a mile away when I realized I'd forgotten something. I was returning the keys the next day, so I had them to let myself back in. 

As I came out and locked the door, one of the boys came over. He said they were grilling some steaks and asked if I wanted to join them. 

I had nowhere to be, and steaks sounded good, so I said sure. They were great, very attentive, but very respectful. At one point I stretched. One of the guys offered to rub my shoulders. I said sure. He moved his chair behind me and started massaging them. His strong hands felt great. 

Two of the other boys each grabbed a foot and started massaging them. I didn't stop them it felt great. Slowly the one massaging my shoulders expanded his area. He would go from my neck, down to my back and also around my chest a little. 

I was loving it. I move the shoulder straps and bra straps out over my shoulders so they were out of the way. 

The boys rubbing my feet were moving up my calves. I just sighed and let them

The boy doing my shoulders was now going in long strokes from my neck to the top of my breasts. He went just a bit under the neck of my tank top. Because I had moved my straps the tank and bra were a bit low on my chest. 

The ones doing my legs had moved to my thighs. One of the boys put my leg on his shoulder to stretch it as he massaged it. 

I was sure he could see right up the legs of my shorts. I was wearing a cute white lace thong. I was wondering how much he could see. The thought of this young man being turned on looking up my shorts was starting to turn me on. 

His friend saw what he was doing and put my other leg on his shoulder. Now I knew they both had a great view up my shorts. I almost wished I wasn't wearing panties. 

The guy on my shoulder's hands were now running from my neck, down over my shoulders, onto my just and touching the top of my bra. As he did he pushed it down a tad. He was about an inch from my nipples. It felt good. I tried to remember the last guy who touched my nipples.

The guys on my legs had reached my shorts and were about an inch from my pussy. 

I was getting hot and loving the attention. My mind was racing. I was loving this, but how much further should I let it go on. 

I knew I should stop it. I realized my friends were gone. I'd never see these boys again. 

One of the hands on my thighs brushed my panties. A spark of electricity shot through my whole body. Soon both boys were running their hands up my leg, brushing my panties and then back down. 

The one on my shoulder had pushed my bra down so my nipples would show on the next pass I knew I should stop this. Also knew I didn't want to. 

Finally I came to a decision. I stood up and said "That's enough." 

The boys looked at me. You could see they were worried they'd crossed the line and I was pissed. 

I walked to the door of the cabin. I pulled my top off over my head and said, "Let's play inside instead," and I dropped the top in the doorway.

No one moved. I unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts, let them drop to the floor, and said, "Coming?"

They all looked at each other. I think that somehow a collective spark traveled through them. They all figured it out and started after me through the door. As they came through, I was walking towards a bedroom and removing my bra. 

When they arrived at the bedroom I was sitting on the bed in my panties. They all piled in but obviously had no idea what to do now. 

I reached out and grabbed the 2 closest to me by the waistband of their shorts. I pulled them close. I undid one's board shorts. His cock sprang out at attention. I wrapped my hand around his cock and took it in my mouth. He moaned. The others just watched.

I grabbed the shorts of the other guy and pulled them down. There was another young cock staring right at me. I wrapped my other hand around it and started alternating between the 2 boys giving them blow jobs. 

The others looked on with astonishment. The room was silent except for the sounds of the 2 boys moaning. 

I looked at the other 4 and said, "Well, get undressed."

The boys scrambled out of their clothes. I continued to suck cock. Now I had 6 naked boys not sure what to do next. 

"Get on the bed."

The 4 who's cocks were not in my mouth got on the bed. 

The two who's cocks I was sucking started to moan. 

I started talking. "Where do you want to cum? You've been talking about me all weekend. Tell me some of the things you said. Did you fantasize about me sucking your cocks? Did you want to fuck 'The MILF'.

"Where do you want to cum? On my face? In my mouth? On my tits? You're choice boys.

"Did you jerk off at night thinking about me? About my ass? About my tits?"

I saw the boys behind me on the bed slowly stroking their cocks. I was surrounded by 6 hard cocks. 

I felt the cock in my hand start to swell. "Give it to me. Come on. Fill my mouth."

I clamped my mouth around his cock. He exploded. I could feel the cum hit my throat, fill my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could. I got most of it. Some dribbled down my chin. 

I felt a shift on the bed behind me. One of the boys got on his knees behind me. He started to cum. It hit my back and ass getting cum on my panties. 

I looked back at him, cum dripping on my chin and just said, "Mmmmmmm."

The other guy I was blowing lost it. With my hand wrapped around his cock he came. I aimed it at my tits. I loved the feeling of hot cum splashing and sticking to my nipples. 

I then stood up. Turned to face the bed. I looked at one of the guys who just came and said, "get these panties off me."

He reached for me and pulled them to the floor. 

I stepped out of them and crawled on the bed giving those 2 a great view of my shaven pussy. 

I crawled over to one of the guys and straddled him. I reached down and placed his cock at the opening of my pussy. 

"Ready?" I said.

He just nodded. Very slowly I lowered myself open his cock. I was enjoying every inch. I loved the feeling of the cum drying on my body. I'd often fantasized about being a slut, but when would you ever have the perfect opportunity. This was it. I let the cock sink completely in me. I came. 

I reached out to the other 2 boys and had them kneel on either side of me. I grabbed them and started alternating between sucking on one, then the other. 

I looked at guy between my legs. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Don't hold back. Cum in me." 

To the group I said, "Tonight, in this room, for only you, I am your slut. I want your cocks and I want your cum. I'm your cumslut. Fuck toy. You can fuck me till you drop. I will take it all." 

With that the guy under me started fucking me. He held my ass and used his strong hands to pull me up and down on his cock. 

He rolled me on my back and started pumping me hard and fast. The other 2 guys put their cocks to my mouth so I could continue sucking them. The other 3 were standing around stroking their cooks to hardness again. 

I could feel his cock ready to explode. 

"That's it. Cum in me. Fill up my cunt. Fuck me." 

He started to cum. I felt it shoot hot in my pussy. I had a raging orgasm. 

He fell out of me, cut dripping out of my pussy.

I looked at one of the guys I was sucking. 

"Your turn," I said. 

He couldn't get there fast enough. He just rammed his cock in my cunt. I was so wet from my juices and a load of cum he slid right in. 

I came again. He started fucking me. 

"Mmmm, I love it," I said. "How does my cum soaked pussy feel." 

He just groaned and kept fucking me. When I turned my head back there was another cock in front of my face. I had 2 again. I alternated between jerking them off and sucking them. 

One guy started to tense up. 

"Where do you want it," I said. "Want me to swallow it all? Want to spray it on my face and tits? Where do you want it?" 

He rammed his cock in my mouth and filled it. I swallowed and sucked it all. Some dripped on my chin. I started concentrating on the other cock. I dragged it across my face getting his precum mixed with the cum on my face and then all over his cock and my face. I went back to sucking it. 

He came. He caught me by surprise. I let his cock out of my mouth and got most of it on my face, tits, and some on the bed. 

I ran my fingers through it and brought them to my mouth to lick off. 

As I did the guy in my cunt came. I came again.

I now saw 3 hard cocks. I said, "anyone got lube?" 

They looked at each other and one ran out. I told the other to lie down. I lowered my cum filled pussy on his shaft. I was so messy I could barely feel him, but that even made it hotter. I had the other guy lie down in front of me. I started sucking his cock. 

The guy came back with lube. I took it from him and started lubing up his cock. Then I poured a bunch in my hand, reached back and started lubing my ass. All the guys watched in fascination.

I'd had anal before, but it wasn't my favorite but the idea of having all 3 holes filled turned me on immensely. 

I stopped fucking the guy I was straddling. 

"Hold still," I said.

I looked at the lubed up guy. "Fuck my ass. Slowly."

I felt the tip of his cock at the opening of my ass. As I relaxed he started to push through. I'd never felt so full in my life. When I needed to I told him to stop. He waited till my ass adjusted. Finally he was all the way in. I started moving. Trying to set a rhythm. The boys let me be in control. I could feel the cocks sliding against each other inside of me. 

I grabbed the cock in front of my face and started sucking. 
