 It was a nice warm sunny day. Everyone was off doing his or her own thing and I was alone in the house. I decided to go out by the pool and lay in the sun naked. No one was around and I knew they would not be home for sometime so I felt very safe in doing this. Well I got my towel and the sunscreen and went out back to the pool. I sat in the lounge chair and put on my sunscreen, squeezing it out of the bottle all over my body. Rubbing it in my arms, legs, belly, tits, and even on my hairless pussy so it would not get sun burnt. I lay there for quite a while just enjoying the warm rays of the sun.

For some reason I had this feeling I was being watched but every time I opened my eyes and looked around there was no one there. I looked at the neighbor's house, where the two college guys lived but there did not seem to be anyone home. Everything was quiet . I looked over at the wooded area on the other side but could see nothing so I settled back into what I was doing. Just enjoying the sun. I continued to enjoy the sun. But was getting a little warm so I decided to take a dip in the pool. I jumped in feeling the cool water all over my warm naked body. I went under and came back up ohhhhh that felt so good on my hot body. Still I felt like I was being watched but could not see who was watching me. I got out and adjusted the chair so I could lie down on my stomach. I lay down and looked up. 

There stood Carl, one of the college guys from the house next door. He was standing there by the tree that divided our yards. He was smiling and told me that he had been watching me. He asked me if I would like to have him put some sunscreen on my back. It was a little late to be embarrassed so I told him sure that, that would be nice. So he comes to my side and kneels down squeezes the lotion on my body. The lotion is cool enough on my body that it gives me goose bumps. He rubs it in and massages my arms, back, and legs and last but not least he rubs some on to my ass. 

Sliding his hand into the crack and rubbing around my ass hole. Sliding it in and out he then puts a finger in my wet cunt. I let out a slight cry of excitement. He asks me if I want him to rub some sunscreen on the front of me. He helps me roll over and then he squeezes the lotion all over the front of my body. Rubbing it into my neck, arms, legs, and belly leaving my pussy and tits without any lotion. I told him that I needed to have lotion there also because they were very sensitive areas and I did not want to get sunburn. Carl told me that I would not have to worry about that. He leaned down and kissed my nipples. First one then the other then took each one in his mouth sucking it with deep desire. He took his tongue and flicked the hard nub and sucked again and again. 

Oh god I thought I would cum just feeling this. He took his hand and squeezed some lotion out on to my pussy and began to rub it in. He did not stop sucking my nipples. He rubbed the lotion on my bare pussy down in between rubbing my clit and every once in a while sliding a finger into my very wet cunt. All I could do was except what he was doing to me because it felt to good to ask him to stop it. He was working very hard sliding his finger in and out and rubbing my clit with his thumb. I asked him if he wanted to get out of those shorts that he wore. He stood up briefly stopping what he was doing and unzipped his fly and the shorts fell to the ground. He was wearing no underwear just shorts. He had a cock that I swear looked like the size of a cucumber. It was big. He knelt back down beside my chair and went back to work on rubbing my pussy and clit with one hand. 

My nipples with his mouth and other hand I asked him if he was getting hot and he said yes. I suggested that we take a dip in the pool so we both got in. We swam for a few minutes enjoying the cool water on our bodies but he cornered me at the edge of the pool. He asked me if I wanted to feel his cock inside me. I looked him in the eye and told him yes. Again I had this strange feeling that we were being watched but when I looked around I could find no one. He started kissing and biting my neck. He was kissing me with hard tongue kisses and I could feel his hard cock pressing at my belly. He took my legs and wrapped them around his waist and his cock slide into home place just like it was meant to be there. He was hard and I was hot. He gripped the side of the pool and I locked my legs around his waist and started squeezing my cunt muscles around his huge dick. 

That was okay for a while but then all of sudden he broke loose and turned me around. He leaned me forward and slid his huge cock back into my pussy and wrapped his arms around me. He slid one hand down to my clit and started rubbing. With the other hand he had my nipple between his fingers and was pinching and rubbing it. His mouth so close to my ear and he was sucking on it and talking to me in whispers. Saying things like "you are so fucking hot. Your pussy has my cock on fire. How do you like having my hard cock in your pussy?" 

And this was making hornier and hornier. I was going to cum and he knew it. I could not hold back anymore I told him I was Cumming and he just sneered "goooood cum hard for me baby." I told him that I wanted him to cum with me and he told me not yet. That he was waiting. He was not done with me yet. I finally settled down from my orgasm and he turned me around and kissed me with his tongue. I was still horny. I wanted more and he planned on giving me more but with a little surprise on the side. While we were still in the pool in our embrace there was a voice "Hey what are you two up to?" 

It was Carl's roommate Scott. I was startled and a little embarrassed. Carl greeted him and said" hey, I am really glad you are here!" I have something I want you to do. Carl asked if it would be okay if Scott joined us. I told him okay. Not knowing what would come next. We got out of the pool. Scott looked at Carl and with out saying a word to each other just knew what was going to happen next. Carl told me to lie on the lounge chair and he and Scott would put some sun lotion on me. So I did as I was told. Before doing this Scott slipped out of his shorts and got naked so he would fit in with us. As I lay there with my eyes closed I had four hands rubbing lotion all over my body. Scott at my head area he leaned over my head dropping his cucumber sized cock into my mouth. {Where do all the large cocks come from}? 

Carl told me "suck him and make him hard baby". Carl laid his cock in my hand. He was hard. Scott was getting there. Carl and Scott were both talking dirty to me now telling me that they wanted to fuck my tits so Carl put lotion on my tits and slid his cock in between them I held them together and he fucked them cuming all over my tits. He rubbed his cum all over my tits. Scott still in my mouth was about to blow his load just by watching Carl cum. He did not though He held on to it and pulled out. Scott told me to get up. They helped me up. Scott took me to the picnic table on the side of the pool and told me to lie down on the seat for right now. He told Carl to drop his cock in my mouth and experience the masterful sucking that I do. 

"You have got to feel it" he said. So Carl slid his limp dick in my mouth. Scott knelt down beside me and started eating my pussy. Oh my Goddddd, I went wild I was so hot I wanted to be fucked again. By now Carl was hard again. Scott while eating me had been playing with my asshole. He had me so open and wet. Scott climbed up on the top of the table and lay on his back. His dick was so hard that it just stood up straight all by itself. He told me to get on top of him. He laid me on my back on top of him. He told Carl to take the lotion and rub it all over my ass and his dick and then place his dick up my ass. Ohhhhh I can not even begin to describe the feeling that it gave me. I was feeling full. His hard cock up my ass and I was taking it all. 

He was in my ass up to his balls. He had his arms wrapped around me and his hands were playing with my nipples. He told Carl to climb up and fuck my pussy while he fucked my ass. I did not know if I were coming or going. I was in heaven. They fucked me hard Carl slamming into my pussy while Scott was fucking my ass. I could feel both of them. All the time Scott is whispering in my ear. "Do you like it baby? How do you like having both your ass and cunt fucked at the same time? Do you want to cum? I want you to cum for my baby. 

I want to cum in your ass. Do you want me to cum in your ass? " Scott was talking about my ass and Carl was talking about my pussy and all I could do was moan. I told them both that I wanted to cum, needed to cum. They gave me permission and I came, hard and violent I shook and bucked and screamed. I told them I wanted them to cum in me both of them I wanted to feel their hot cum in me. Dripping from each hole. They came also. We rested for a moment. They got dressed and kissed me. Long and passionate kisses then left Well you know after that I sunbathed in the nude all I could. While they would watch and then come join in.