 Suddenly there were hands all over her. They were pulling off her clothes, pleasuring her in every way. Then a kiss full on her lips, but it was dark and she couldn't see who was doing it. 

Crash! Lisa woke up. 

She couldn't tell if she really heard a noise or not. The night was silent and cold, yet she felt flush and warm from her dream. She sat up to hear better, but the silence was only interrupted by the drip from her sink. She put her head back on the pillow. 

"Wow what a dream!" she thought to herself still feeling the effects of the hormones rushing through her body. 

Crash! Lisa sat up straight. It sounded like it came from outside. She slid out of bed feeling vulnerable in only her nightshirt and panties. She crept over to the window staying low to the ground, more for comfort than effect. She looked out the window. The neighbor's house was lit up. They had told her they were having a party tonight. She had even been invited, but had of course refused. Feeling kind of down, and old compared to the two 25 year old guys who had moved in next door, she just wasn't up for it. They were attractive but they all just seemed so young. 

Crash! The noise revealed itself to be about four guys each trying his best to throw empty bottles into a trash container about 15 feet from their back porch. From the sounds of things they were missing quite badly. 

Just then, she heard her dog Salty begin to bark from down stairs. Ughhh! She was going to get no sleep this way. She grabbed her robe and headed down stairs to reassure Salty.

Salty was in the living room sitting on the couch, where he had probably been sleeping. At this point he was in full protective bark. Seeing her he stopped barking and his mouth opened and tail began to wag. Giving him a quick pet, she headed into the kitchen to get some water for both of them. She flipped on the light, grabbed his dish and filled it and a glass for her at the sink.

As Salty began lapping up some water, she went back into the living room, keeping the lights off, and sat on the couch drinking her water. 

"Why hadn't she gone over there?" she thought to herself. It wasn't like she was a prude or anything. She was proud of her fit body, though sometimes she wished she stood a little taller than 5'2". Guys had always commented on how her tanned skin, dark hair and dark eyes made her look exotic. Though, since the divorce, she really hadn't tried to hard to get men's attention. She was still a little mistrusting and bitter. She drained the last of her water and sat there thinking about the dream she had just had. She began running her hands across her silken legs, thinking of a man's rough touch.

Just then her backyard motion light came on. It startled her. She saw someone climbing her chain link fence. She froze. She expected that this intruder would head to her shed or maybe some other such mischief, but instead he headed right for her back door. Could he see her? He might be looking right at her. Instead of coming directly to the door though he cut to her right and appeared to be looking in the kitchen window. Was he trying to case the house? Was he looking for her? Then he reappeared, startling her, right in front of the slider. He tugged on the handle, pressed his hand and face to the window trying to look in. Then, of all things, he knocked on the glass. 

Lisa just stared at him. Is that Jim from next store who had invited her over earlier? Staring a little while longer at the features she was almost sure it was him. Just then Salty came bounding out of the kitchen and began to bark at the figure on the other side of the glass. 

"Hey Salty it's just me. How are you doing buddy?" she heard the figure say muffled through the glass. Salty got up closer to the window still barking. It was definitely Jim. Why was he knocking? A male knocking at the door in the middle of the night usually only leaves a couple of possibilities to his intentions. Since Jim had been partying all night she could probably guess his. However that did not stop her from getting up and answering the slider. 

She cracked the slider open only a couple of inches. "Hey Jim, what are you doing knocking in the middle of the night on a girls back door?"

Salty pushed his nuzzle through the crack in the door. Jim knelt down and began to pet him. Jim and Salty had recently become friends when Jim had watched Salty when she was out of town. Jim, beer in hand, finally looked up at her and said, "I saw your light go on and figured maybe we woke you. I came to apologize."

"Ahh, apologize, uhuh, that's why you came over." Lisa said in flirty tone that surprised her. 

"Yeah of course, I mean we are neighbors and I would hate to upset the prettiest girl on the block... even though she did turn us down for the party." Jim said taking a drink from his beer. 

Lisa unconsciously slid the door a little bit more open and caught a breeze. She quickly pulled her robe closed; not having realized it had come open. What was going on with her? Was it the dream she had just had? 

"Why yes flattery. It's good tactic with a grumpy women, with a big dog, whom you just awoke." She said teasingly. 

"Can I come in?" Jim tried.

"Nope." Lisa retorted.

At this point Jim looked quite out of steam as if his little plan had just been foiled. Then the fence rattled and the motion light kicked on again as several bodies came over the fence and one of them called out "You over here Jim?"

This however was all too much for Salty as he growled out a throaty "go for the jugular bark" and forced his way passed Lisa, and through the gap in the door. H would have been mid yard tearing at flesh, or at least barking like he was, had Lisa not caught his collar at the last minute. However in her noble try at saving the other guys coming over, she found herself launched flat on the ground by Salty's momentum. Salty stopped for a moment trying to decide whether she was ok and figuring out why she had stopped him as Alex from next door tried to calm him "Whoa Salty its just me. Down boy. Lisa, are you all right?" 

Flat on her stomach with her arms splayed out and her robe hiked up around her she realized what a sight she must look like. 

"Uhh, yeah I am fine," she said as she began to gather her self.

Just then Jim reached down and grabbed her waist to help her up and Alex grabbed her arm, their touches seemed familiar. The other guy whom she did not recognize came over also. 

Her knee, her wrist and her pride all hurt at once. 

Just as she got to her feet and began to pull her robe closed, Jim leaned down and kissed her. For some reason she kissed him hard back. His arms slid under her robe and pulled her close to him. She felt the night air on the body. She draped her arms across his strong shoulders. She wanted this. She kissed his harder opening her mouth to enjoy his. His hands slid across her back grabbing her muscles and rubbing them through her skin. She just couldn't get enough of his. Her mind flashed to the two other guys and what they would think, but she was beyond caring. 

He somehow grabbed the robe and she dropped her arms so it could slide off. His hands where now pulling up her night shirt. She was hungry for his. He pushed her toward the door and onto the floor in her living room. She was now on her back, in only her panties. All three guys were in the room. He leaned down to kiss her. But it wasn't Jim it was Alex. Oh where is this going she thought ... answering her own question as she reached for the other face now near hers. She began pulling at shirts and zippers. She kissed Alex deeply, then Jim, then the stranger. Their hands then their mouths found her breasts. They rubbed and teased then. Licked them and sucked them. Then her panties were gone. She felt free. She was waiting for what was to come next. But first they flipped her roughly and pulled her to her knees. There was Jim before her in all his glory. She put one hand stroking Alex as she put Jim in her mouth. Licking and sucking and from the sounds of his groans she was taking him very close. Then she stopped and turned to the stranger and began working on him. She was teasing now, trying to bring each one and denying him satisfaction. She knew that would make them more attentive to her. 

Together they finally pushed her on her back. Jim began kissing her breasts and then worked his way down across her belly, next his tongue was inside her and she was in ecstasy. A moan barley got out of her mouth because Alex was kissing her deeply. She was now their toy and they were hers. Finally, Jim drove inside her. He was pressing down heavy on top of her with her arms wrapped around him urging him in deeper and deeper. Jim was driving harder and harder as hands were every where tweaking her nipples and caressing her body. Jim came with sudden shudder and rolled off her, then there were hands pusher her over and she was on her knees with the stranger suddenly in her mouth and Alex beginning to enter her from behind. She was awash in a deep mist of hormones and ecstasy. It didn't take long for the stranger to cum in her mouth and then it was just Alex filling her. His hands were now rough on her sides and he drove harder and harder into her. The rhythm became overwhelming and they both came in a triumphal simultaneous orgasm. They slid sideways to the floor together where they curled up for the moment. 

She awoke to sunlight streaming in through the window. She was naked on her family room floor. Alone. She remembered the night before... what had she been thinking!