 So there I was, sitting on the table with Angie on the chair in front of me sucking my dick for all she's worth when the storage room door swung wide open.

"Oh fuck," I said, desperately trying to push Angie away and get my pants up before whoever came in here looking for some post it notes instead got a full on view of my balls. I was freaking, Angie was not. She calmly took her mouth off of me and grabbed my arms. 

"Don't worry baby, It's only Emily. She's going to join us – unless you have an objection"

Objection? Hell no! For one thing Emily was smoking hot with long black hair and long legs, for another she was Angie's immediate boss which meant she couldn't well cut our time short if she was back here getting fucked too.

"What the fuck," I said, "Why don't you pull up a chair?"

She did and moments later I had two woman lapping at my dick like it was a snow cone on a hot August afternoon. The contrast between the women was great, with Angie's blonde hair and Emily's black hair commingling in their quest to seemingly make me cum way too soon! My cock hit the back of Angie's throat and she gagged, a most pleasant feeling as Emily stood and began to undress. 

Emily was wearing a knee lenght black skirt with some very sexy heels and a red blouse that contrasted well with the long hair falling over her shoulders. She unzipped the skirt and let it fall to the ground, revealing thigh-high stalking's covering some very nice, trim legs. They looked about 4 feet long from where I was sitting. She was wearing a pair of black thongs and those quickly joined the skirt on the floor. Her blouse and bra were next, but she kept the nylons and shoes on much to my pleasure. There is something amazingly sexy about a woman in thigh-highs, sexy shoes and nothing else. 

Emily sat back down and took Angie's place on my cock. Angie is one of the sexiest dressers I have ever known and today was no different. She had on soft cotton pants that clung to her ass and a shirt cut so low that it was wholly inappropriate to wear to a bank. These quickly joined Ahsley's cloths in a quickly growing pile of discarded garments. Angie wore no underwear of any kind on most days, in the 6 months since we started fucking I'd seen her in panties on only a half dozen occasions – today was not one of them.

My cock was being expertly worked on by Emily, who seemed to love to use her tongue and get my cock covered in spit. She would work the head in and out of her mouth, tonguing my pee hole and the underside of my head; then she would spit on my cock and with long strokes of her soft hands rub me in a way that was most agreeable.

Angie now naked wanted some attention. She pushed me down so that I was lying on the table while Emily was performing her miracles on my cock. Angie slid up onto the table and straddled my face.

"Eat me," she ordered and who was I to disappoint the lady?

My tongue found its mark, and her clit was already at attention. I used my tongue to roll it around my lips, putting pressure on it and then sucking on it gently. I could tell from the way she started bucking her hips that I was doing just the right things. Moving my head down I placed my tongue into her hole and that was it, she came right then, covering my mouth with her sweet juices.

Emily had apparently had seen enough and I felt her move from the chair up onto the table and straddle my fully erect cock. I had a brief thought of hoping that the table would support all three of us but I didn't have the thought long as my cock was forcefully surrounded and engulfed by Emily's pussy. She was as tight a woman as I had ever felt, almost to the point of discomfort, but she was wet and warm and certainly knew what she was doing.

She had her feet underneath her and was bouncing up and down on my cock, taking every inch of me from the word go. This was an impressive task; most women take at least a few pushes to get used to my girth. She was making some impressive noises too and she was either the easiest girl in the world to get off or she routinely made whimpering sounds like a puppy when she fucked; my guess is the former. This girl was fucking the living shit out of me and I was loving it.

Angie meanwhile had moved herself up a bit to give me access to her ass. She had discovered with fucking me that she really liked having her ass played with, licked and fucked. What the hell, if she liked it I liked it. I liked around her hole in tight circles, changing directions and pausing to lick her with some long strokes of my tongue every now and again. I was aided in my quest to make her have a good time by her right hand, which was frigging her clit at a furious pace – God how I love to watch a woman get herself off, and it didn't take Angie much longer as her body convulsed and she moaned so loudly that if her boss hadn't been in the room buried up to the hilt with my cock, she would have come to investigate.

I needed a break if I was going to make it through the hour in one piece. I persuaded both ladies to get off of me and lay back on the table, side by side. Their legs intertwined when they spread them and it was a beautiful sight – Angie's tanned, muscular legs and Emily's trim, stockinged thighs. I was in heaven. I pulled my chair up and put my face between Emily's legs.

Emily's pussy wasn't shaved, a pity, but it was trimmed and well groomed. I placed my tongue at the entrance to her tunnel and lapped at her juices. She tasted good, a bit musky, and her fine fur was slightly matted with the juices produced when she was so expertly riding me. I began to work my tongue around her clit and got the response that I was looking for, the raising of hips to meet my advances that told me I was doing something that she liked.

Next to her was Angie, who was still playing with her own pussy. I, of course, wasn't letting her have all the fun. I had two fingers buried in her wet hole and was finger-fucking this girl with gusto. She was loving it and I could tell that it wouldn't take long for her to cum again. When she began to rotate her hips I knew she was on the verge and I moved my mouth from Emily's hole to hers and began to lick at her pussy. In no time at all she was cuming and for the second time I was tasting her sweet juices wash over my tongue.

I knew she wanted fucked and I wanted to fuck her, but this was maybe my only opportunity to do with Emily what I wanted and I wasn't about to let that go to waste. I stood up and stroked my cock, it was still at full attention and the orgasm that I had to fight off seemed to have retreated for the time being. I grabbed Emily's legs and pulled her to the edge of the table, then without warning or tact, I buried all eight and half inches in her.

Emily came immediately and I never felt like more of a stud than at that moment. Two awesomely beautiful girls to do with what I wanted and one of them so orgasmic that all it took was penetrating her to make her hear bells and whistles. They say every dog has his day, today was obviously mine.

I fucked Emily slow at first, in and out with long powerful strokes that she seemed to really enjoy. As I fucked her she grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs back and apart, giving me total access to her soft pussy. I began to fuck her harder and harder, banging into her with reckless abandon. She was going nuts, coming and moaning and thrashing about. I couldn't take it anymore and was about to come when Angie smacked me on the ass, hard.

"I know that look mister, and you're not going to cum until I get my ass fucked by that cock of yours," she said coaxing me down off the high-wire that is the male orgasm. I backed away from Emily and stood looking at the scene before me. Emily was lying prone on the table, legs spread and pussy juices glistening in the soft light. She had come so hard I wasn't sure she would be able to move from that table for the rest of the afternoon.

Angie ordered me to sit and I did as she commanded. She bent over seductively and took my cock in her mouth.

"Easy," I said, "That thing is liable to go off at any moment."

"I know, but I had to taste Emily and I don't think we are at the point in our relationship, she and I, where I can tongue her slit," she said coyly.

I raised my eyebrows, "Tongue her slit?"

"Shut up," she said as she took my cock out of her mouth. She had obviously spent the time while I was fucking Emily lubing up her ass because when she sat down on me, she aimed my cock straight at her backdoor and it slipped in with ease.

"Mmmm," she moaned. I knew how she felt, fucking her ass was quickly becoming one of my favorite things in life. Right up there with a good cigar, good bourbon and Crossing Jordan reruns… what? We can't all be fucking Dr. fucking Phil.

Angie must have been thinking about having my cock in her ass for some time because she attacked it with reckless abandon. She was going up and down in long strokes, slowly at first and then faster as she began to loosen up and get used to me sharing space with her colon. She stood, letting my cock fall completely out of her ass and turned around, placing her back to me.

She pushed my legs apart and sank back down on my cock. Leaning as far forward as she could, she began to bounce up and down on my cock in a way that I found much to my liking. There is just something extremely erotic about watching ones cock fully penetrate a beautiful girls most sacred region again and again while she derives extreme pleasure from it. I highly recommend the experience.

Emily had since recovered and came to stand next to me and observer Angie fulfilling her most wanton cravings.

"Impressive," she said, "How does that feel Angie?"

"Fucking gre….,' Angie screamed the last word "great" as a major orgasm rippled through her body. "Fucking great," she finished when the orgasm had passed.

"I've never had any experience with that," Emily said, still watching Angie play 'disappearing act' with my dick.

"Well, I hadn't really either… until recently," she said with a grin as she looked over her shoulder at me, "but it's awesome. Stick with us and we'll open you to shit you only thought happened in porno."

I looked at Emily and nodded my agreement. "You are welcome to any of our fuck sessions, either here or the weekend versions."

"You guys do this on the weekends too? This kind of intensity would about kill me," Emily replied.

"Every weekend," said Angie.

"All weekend," said I.

"Well," said Emily looking thoughtful, "Count me in then."

"Ok, will do," I said smiling, "but right about now I need someone to swallow my cum. Interested?"

"Sure am," She said and she came over and kneeled next to me.

Angie continued her assault on my cock and it wasn't going to be long before my load and I parted ways. The experience was always great, but it marked the end of our encounter and that was most unfortunate. I pushed the thought out of my mind and concentrated on the beautiful blonde girl with my dick shoved up her tight ass and the brunet on the floor next to me who was going to swallow my cum. I mustn't keep my public waiting.

I placed my hands under Angie's ass and pushed her up and off my cock. She looked at me to protest but I was too busy to do anything but aim and fire. Emily was before me with mouth wide open and I managed to shoot most of my load onto her tongue, though some of my efforts were going to require she do a little touch up to her blush.

After my first spurt I stepped forward and place the head of my cock in Emily's mouth and she used her tongue to massage two more jets of sperm out of m. She swallowed it all and never thought twice about it – what a woman.

Angie of course was unhappy that she hadn't gotten to swallow me. Looking hurt she address Emily, "Hey, that wasn't nice. I wanted some cum too!"

"Don't worry, I saved you some," Emily said as she stood and went over to Angie. Angie opened her mouth and Emily let a large glob of my cum drop from her lips into Angie's waiting mouth. Angie swallowed and smiled contently.

"Holy shit," I said, "That has to have been about the nastiest, sexiest thing I've ever seen. If you ladies didn't have to get back to work I'd fuck you again all over right now."

"You just wait until this weeken," Angie said smiling at Emily, "You haven't seen nothin' yet!"

She was right, but that story is for a later time.