 Boy meets girl. Boy and girl hook up. Then girl decides to pose for a certain well known men's magazine. Some girls just wanna have fun. I'm just trying to hang on for the ride.

PART 1: Orientation

***

"What the hell are you thinking?"

"I'm thinking I can't live one more minute without tasting you!" she smiled up at me from her kneeling position on the floor.

"Someone could walk by any second!" I hissed in my same exasperated tone.

"So you'd better hurry."

And with that, the hot blonde got my dick out of my shorts and fed upon me.

My knees went weak and I physically collapsed a few inches until my back hit the cinderblock wall behind me. We were hidden...(-ish) in the narrow stairwell, but I knew that our privacy couldn't last forever.

"Cum for me baby. I'm a slut for your cum. Give it to me!" Her hand was jacking up and down my shaft, and then her mouth had enveloped me once again.

On one level, I knew getting myself off faster would mean it was less likely we'd get caught. And she was certainly keeping up her end of the effort by rapidly jerking and suckling and teasing every sensitive nerve her tongue could reach. But the harder I tried to shoot off the more it eluded me, until finally I just said "fuck it" and let myself go, giving in to the thrill of the moment and the pleasure coursing through my dick.

**Who cares if we get caught? What, like I should be ashamed of a hot babe blowing me? This feels too fucking good!**

I glanced down, staring right into the pale blue eyes of this gorgeous woman giving me fantastic head, moaning around my pecker stuffing her mouth. She hummed when I moved my hands to her head, holding it steady as I started fucking her face as I went down the final stretch before the end.

She opened her mouth wide and let me have my way with her until finally, with rapid thrusting, I slammed myself into the back of her throat and came, rocketing jet after jet of cum into her.

Her lips clamped down and formed a watertight seal as she swallowed quickly, drinking down every drop I gave her while she coaxed out more with her hand still squeezing at my rod.

Eventually, she stood up while I got my jeans back in order. Very clearly, that encounter had been more for her benefit than mine, even though I was the one with the orgasm.

"Satisfied?" I asked her.

She just nodded and a trickle of jizz leaked out the corner of her mouth. She caught her breath and then scooped the glob back in with a delicate finger. A wide smile spread across her face.

"Well, playtime's over." I sternly informed her. "We're late for class."

***

TWO WEEKS EARLIER

Of all the places you'd expect to find hot chicks, I never would have picked a bowling alley. But that's where I first met Courtney.

It was freshman orientation, and the upperclassmen figured a midnight bowling run would be a good way to get all the timid froshlings to come out and talk to one another. They were right. And I reaped the benefits.

She was in Lane 17. I was in 18. I was your average proto-adult with just enough experience to fit in and not enough experience to start the conversation. She was a tanned and fit, blonde Southern belle with a brilliant smile and a smokin' bod. Quite easily, she captured my attention from the moment I saw her. And she held my attention even more firmly once I let my eyes wander up and away from her large breasts to her beautiful face.

Two days into our first experience living away from home, everyone was looking to make new friends. Of course, a number of nearby males were trying to become more than just friends with Courtney. The three guys bowling with her in Lane 17 were falling all over themselves to get her bowling ball for her or offer her their seat. Some ex-high school jock in Lane 16 was trying to charm her and look cool at the same time. And another muscled Adonis in my own lane was suitably attempting to impress.

That's not my style. So I held back, being perfectly polite and friendly but happy to watch five other dudes make fools of themselves. Instead I chatted with my new roommate and we both just watched the scene unfolding. Courtney's light hair and pale blue eyes were flipping left and right to address the volume of adoration being sent her way so that she never lingered on any one guy for more than a minute, much less looked towards me. So we left her and her gaggle of admirers to do their thing. Instead I focused on my bowling.

Now I'm no professional, but I can throw a ball in a straight line. And after seven frames I was clearly in the lead amongst both Lanes 17 and 18. And my score had Courtney's attention.

In the eighth frame I popped another strike, and Courtney hopped up to me with a loud cheer and a giggling high five. Her mood was infectious, and I was celebrating right with her. My roommate also got up to yell out his own encouragement. But I was honestly more pleased by the hot babe jumping up and down in front of me.

When I got up for the ninth frame, Courtney was cheering me on and completely ignoring everyone else. A second strike in a row was more than enough to elicit a happy reaction from her, and suddenly she was the perky cheerleader on the sidelines who inspired the most magical of performances. I could actually FEEL my confidence spike as she jumped around.

"Strike! Woo-hoo!" she popped out another high five, and I slapped her hand gleefully. Seriously, I was just thrilled she was talking to me.

And then I was sitting on my ass across the floorboards after Mr. Adonis had purposely bumped me on his way to the lane. Courtney was then next to me as I got up and dusted myself off, and we looked up just in time to see that the jerk had thrown his second strike in a row as well. With only one frame left, he still had a chance to beat me.

I was cordial enough to let Courtney fuss over me for a moment, but the competitive edge in me was now taking center stage over my hormones. I'd rather focus on my next ball.

"Don't choke, bitch," came the snide remark from my competitor.

"Hey! No one likes a poor sport," Courtney leap to my defense.

I didn't bother with a response of my own.

A third strike in a row would seal the deal. Anything less would leave a window for Mr. Adonis to eclipse my score. So lasering in on my target, I let fly and then let out a holler of joy as all ten pins hit the floor. Then I turned around to see the expressions on my waiting spectators.

There's really nothing more satisfying than seeing arrogant ex-jocks looking dejected in defeat.

Except maybe the fact that Courtney had jumped into my arms and given me a warm hug of congratulations. She smelled really nice, and I let a goofy grin spread across my face. **I think I'm going to like college.**

***

It was 3 o'clock in the morning when I finally got Courtney to her dorm room. My roommate had made himself disappear the instant we got back to campus (thank you!). And after a minute of chatting I'd offered to walk Courtney back to her room. It wouldn't be far since we both lived on the same floor in the same dorm. 

But then one left turn had led to another and suddenly we'd been strolling away into the campus greenbelts. Clearly, neither of us had wanted to find our rooms just yet.

We'd spent one of those multiple-hour, late night conversations that you always dream about: you know, the pleasant getting-to-know-you conversation mixed with the I-can't-believe-how-absolutely-fabulous-this-person-is giddy feeling. I hated for the evening to end.

But there were more mandatory Orientation activities the next day, and we both knew we SHOULD get some sleep. In the end, we'd said our goodbyes just outside of her door, careful to be quiet. Courtney's roommate had skipped the bowling night and was sound asleep already.

I was standing quite close to her body, and even had a little bit of that "lean". But I chickened out at the last moment and with a goofy grin, walked away.

***

My roommate, Brian, and I were just about dressed and ready to catch the very end of breakfast hour at the dining hall. The knock on the door caught us both by surprise and I waited the half second for Brian to finish putting his shirt on before opening it.

Two stunningly gorgeous faces shone in the morning sunlight, and I actually felt my breath being taken away as I gazed upon such a lovely sight.

Courtney giggled and stepped into the room, lifting two fingers under my jaw to snap my mouth shut, and her equally pretty friend followed after before standing in the middle of the room. Both girls were dressed in casual college attire, jeans and a pastel shirt for the friend and another cute shirt and summer skirt for Courtney; but the clothing contoured to their wonderful figures in a way no baggy T-shirt had ever hung on my torso.

Courtney said "hi" to Brian as well and then paused to introduce her friend, Christine. While Courtney was the gorgeous, blonde southern belle, Christine had more of a cute face framed by darker strawberry-blonde hair. And her green eyes sparkled while she turned to survey both me and my roommate while also profiling her body to the both of us. I swear Christine had even bigger tits than Courtney, and somewhere in the back of my head I thanked whatever fate was out there for putting me into this position. With thin waists, tight asses, and round breasts, these were Playboy-material babes we'd be spending our time with.

We finished the introductions, and then smiling right at me Courtney asked, "Are you heading out to breakfast?"

"Just now," I answered. And seizing the opportunity I continued, "Care to join us?"

"Of course." Courtney's smile was brilliantly brighter even than the morning sun.

Instinctively, we paired off when heading out of the dorm and to the dining hall. Courtney and I walked up front, easily continuing the previous night's conversation. I had worried that the magical connection would have dissipated overnight. But that electrical spark was still right there, and I felt a surge of adrenaline flowing through me when Courtney reached out and looped her hand through my elbow. I caught several gawking gazes of supremely jealous guys passing by in the opposite direction, and my ego tripled as I cruised through campus with such a gorgeous creature on my arm.

Brian and Christine followed just steps behind us. I dimly heard them chatting and having no problems with their own conversation. But most of my own attention was on the goddess beside me.

Breakfast and then the day's activities flew by in a blur. None of it mattered or registered in my head except for the knowledge that Courtney spent the entire time by my side. We entertained ourselves with little snarky comments about the boring presentations. And more than once someone would give us a short glare because we were making too much noise in our restrained laughter.

Ironically, we were shushed during a speech lecturing that we shouldn't get into romantic relationships too early without forming a comfortable circle of friends to fall back on if the relationship falls apart. There's not much worse than finding yourself a year into school without a single friend except for your ex-girlfriend.

For their part, Brian and Christine seemed to be hitting it off just as well, and we all stayed joined at the hip throughout the day and shared dinner together. After dinner we lazed around together in one of the dorm lounges.

I was infinitely grateful for this Orientation week. We had days to kill just immersing ourselves in the college experience, meeting new people and enjoying the campus before the world of classes and homework took over our lives.

Our foursome stuck together, although we did mingle with the other freshman students hanging out in the lounge. A ping-pong table in the back of the lounge also caught my attention, and with Courtney's encouragement I challenged one of the new guys to a friendly game.

Well, with me playing, a friendly game quickly turned über-competitive. Courtney was right back in cheerleader mode, watching attentively and urging me on to do well. It was as if she took personal pride in my success, and that level of attachment felt really, really good to me. How could I possibly let her down?

He was pretty good, and after a few frustrating early points, I went on an 8-point run to finish him off. Courtney was hugging me again and this time she gave me a peck on the cheek, setting off a deep red blush to involuntarily rise into my cheeks.

Christine teased me about the color in my face while Brian just clapped me on the back in a more "manly" congratulation. But then another alpha male froshling stepped up to try and take me down.

I spent the next half an hour just taking on competitors. Some of the games were close and some were not, but I managed to win all of them. Finally I retired citing wrist exhaustion, and Brian commented that I wouldn't be able to jack myself off tonight after wearing myself out.

Courtney dropped in with a seriously sensual, "I could do it for you."

And then the red color was in my cheeks again.

Eventually, the hour got late and we decided to go to sleep. We made plans to meet up again for breakfast the next day, and I think Brian was even more eager to see Christine again than I was excited to see Courtney.

***

The next day started off in the same manner. Courtney and Christine arrived at our door to pick us up for breakfast. This time we were already dressed and very ready to go.

Our foursome picked up right where we'd left off the previous day. The same familiar comfortability permeated our every discussion. The same electric connection between us stirred the air. And we were laughing and talking without awkward pauses or any other hiccups.

Orientation presentations and small group meetings with our upperclassmen "mentors" went smoothly. Although those small group meetings represented the only times we were separated from each other, and I felt a piece of me dying inside in every moment spent away from Courtney.

I wouldn't consider myself to be the life of the party, but I usually wasn't afraid to speak up or take part in a social activity. But now, trapped with five other froshlings and one mentor, I found myself the social wallflower. Quiet, staying in the background, and constantly daydreaming about the gorgeous woman I'd spent the morning with. I was counting down the minutes until this interminable meeting was over and I could see her once again.

When it was time to return to the big lecture hall, I literally raced through the crowd like a little kid eager to get to the front of the line. And once I got the big fountain in the main courtyard, I was frantically twisting my head this way and that in my futile search.

I couldn't find her.

But then a cheery "Hey you!" sounded behind me and the most blissful smile of my life spread across my face when I saw her. And everything in my life was right again.

More boring speeches went by, and then our foursome reunited for dinner.  Then after dinner was free time. So Brian led the way to the pool table we'd found in a back room of the dorm and we set up for a friendly two-on-two. For a moment, I was expecting a guys vs. girls matchup. But then Courtney made a smart-ass remark to her friend about how we would kick Christine's and Brian's collective asses.

So the challenge was on. Brian broke and then proceeded to knock in half of his stripes. I just smirked at my teammate as Courtney shouted her encouragement at me. I could really get used to the sound of her cheering me on.

So then I promptly ran the table and sank every solid in sight. And when the 8- ball dropped into the corner pocket, Courtney just looked at me with wide eyes and wondered aloud, "Bowling. Ping-pong. Pool. Is there anything you can't do?"

"Haven't found anything yet."

"Competitive, aren't you?" Christine whistled.

"Well, I won't stop at anything until I've mastered it."

"Anything?" Courtney asked. There was a flirty light in her eyes and she grinned at me.

Taking the bait, I offered up, "Sure. Anything."

"Well, how are you at licking pussy?"

Brian audibly choked.

I was sure I didn't hear her right. "Uh, excuse me?" For the first time, I felt my confidence waver with the unexpected.

Courtney simply sauntered over to me and then stopped just inches away. One finger went to my chest and she looked downwards, following the trail of her finger as she traced my pecs. "Have you mastered the art of licking pussy?" And then she looked up into my eyes with her blue irises on fire.

My mouth came up with its cocky answer before my brain did, "Well, would you like a demonstration?"

"Mmm, well proving it does seem to be the best solution." Courtney's eyes dazzled me with their inner light. And without further ado she turned and elevated herself onto the edge of the pool table. Then spreading her legs, Courtney lifted up her skirt to prove she had gone without panties for the entire day, and a juicy wet pussy was now staring me in the face, covered only by a thin strip of blonde fuzz neatly trimmed and pointing the way.

Christine hissed, "Courtney! What are you doing? There's no lock to this room!"

Courtney kept her eyes firmly fixed on me while she replied to Christine, "Relax. And why don't you watch the door, will you?"

I was in awe of the sight before me. I'd seen a pussy up close and personal before, but never on a girl who captured my imagination quite like Courtney. I felt the wave of uncertainty washing through my body, but my hormones and my ego had gotten me into this situation and I dared not back out. So schooling my face to betray no fear, I got to my knees and inhaled Courtney's sweet scent.

"Oh, god," Christine moaned as she watched me moving into position, a pant of arousal more than shock at this point.

And then I extended my tongue and took my first swipe along the moist slit. Courtney shuddered above me when the wet appendage first touched her skin, and she moaned happily as I moved deeper into continue my tongue thrashing. At that point, my world condensed until there was nothing left but the thighs around my ears and the gate to paradise before my eyes.

"Fuck, yeah," she moaned. "Lick me, baby."

I was quick to do just that. My lips and tongue never stopped moving while searching out every tender bump and crevice along Courtney's pussy. Automatically, I was mentally cataloguing which areas were more sensitive and which actions spurred the best reactions.

A few minutes later, Courtney was juicing out of control as I introduced a finger into the mix. And when my tongue wrapped around her distended clit, I brought up two fingers and pressed them deeply into her tight tunnel. There was plenty of lubrication for me to thrust easily while the pads of my lips continued to attack her.

"Oh, yeah. Deeper. Oh, shit! Just like that!"

Her words were the most powerful aphrodisiac, spurring me on to a fervor I didn't realize I could possess. There was something about the way she said everything that made me feel like I was the most awesome sex god in the universe. And that enthusiasm showed in the way I attacked her body.

I could tell she was getting close as Courtney was now having a seriously hard time keeping her body still. Her heavy pants were music to my ears as she gyrated on top of the pool table. And just as her moans were speeding up, I had a sudden inspiration and bared my teeth for just a moment to let the hard edges nudge against her throbbing love button.

Courtney shrieked with just the briefest moment of pain, loud enough I'm sure to have carried well beyond the confines of this room. But the sudden rush had its desired effect and she was suddenly cumming, her legs wrapped around my head and her pussy visibly spasming in front of my face. A deluge of honey poured out of her body and across my chin while I slurped up as much as I could reach.
