 Notice: All participants are fictional and at least 18 years of age.

*****

"So let me get this straight, you'll do me, Freddy and Jacob, all if Allison does us all too?"

Colin Sparks had the biggest grin on his face. I was the pixie cut, gymnastics team captain, and self-confirmed lesbian, and I was willing to do his football Neanderthals all to get access to head cheerleader Allison Wenslow, and he couldn't even see my angle, or the downside.

Sure it was going to suck, or rather, I was going to suck, fuck and take everything the three biggest jocks in the school could do to my face, ass and pussy, but I was going to win Allison in the end—emphasis on end.

We were all seniors you see, but I'd had my eye on Allison since we'd both got our period on the same day back in middle school. The nurse had been so busy that day, we'd both gotten the speech in the same exact way, and all of those different feelings you've probably read about from every other Lesbian, in every other story they've ever written? I had them right then and there for Allison, and every single day since.

And the best part of it all? I'd seen the looks, the glances in the hall as I'd dated Wendy, then Cassidy, and most recently Genelle, the only other "out" Lesbians at our entire school. I'd seen the jealousy and the desire in her eyes, and I'd known that I was what she wanted.

So why was I willing to agree to be pawed, fucked and savaged by a bunch of barely straight men in order to do it? Allison was worth it.

Black hair, as straight as her first boyfriend, blue eyes as pure as her Baptist pastor of a father thought she was. Her father, who'd condemned me since at least eighth grade. Oh, and long legs that had been the queen of the cheerleaders and the top of every tower they'd ever formed. She was the prize, and worth almost anything to achieve. Plus, she was as Gay as I was, and she needed to figure it out before she fell completely apart for Colin's gang bang posse.

Oh yeah, let me describe the boys. Colin, Freddy and Jacob are like every football player jock in America. Muscled, loved by their fans, and overcompensating for their actual feelings for each other by sharing the women they fuck. Seriously, these guys have girlfriends so they can fuck them and think about each other. It's about conquest, high fives, and their bro-ness, and maybe just maybe I can pry Allison out of this, and all I have to do is survive three dicks.

Okay, some of you out there are questioning whether I'm a real lesbian or not. Number one, fuck you. Number two, yes. I like women, I like the shape of a woman's breasts, the touch of her ass, the taste of her cunt, and I love the response I get back from a woman to the shape of my lovely c-cups, my tight gymnast's ass, my firm arms and legs, and their tongue on my clit. Seriously, I'm there for the clit of my lover, but like many, many lesbians out there, I was born in a world that doesn't let you dive into the first muff you want. I've had a boyfriend. He was shy, we fooled around, and I was not into it. I tried really hard, but my mind was usually on my memories of what Allison looked like, while he fumbled through the motions. I've had a dick in my mouth a few times, I know what to do with it, but it's not because I wanted the guy on the other end of the dick to be happy. Like many of my systers out there, I sucked a dick because I wanted my mommy and daddy to be happy. So number three, fuck that. And number four, fuck you again.

So yeah, I have taken a dick. I've taken a dick in my pussy, I've taken one in my ass, and as mentioned before, I've tried the taste a few times. Mechanically, it all works. I can come, but my mind has to be on her not him, and that's just the way it is with me. I can fuck a guy, but I can only love a woman. Make sense?

Anyway, it took two hours for Colin to get back with me on the time and place. 

"Pride Rock, seven-thirty, take your pills dyke."

Seriously girls, straight or otherwise, don't get pregnant with the Quarterback's kid. Take your pills, take a few extra if necessary, but do not have kids with the Colin Sparks of the world.

*****

So I got there ten minutes early, mainly so I could steel myself for this. If I didn't see Allison, I was going to bail, drive off and get the fuck out of here, but there's a certain amount of consideration you have to give when you're about to take three guys to get to one woman.

But the truck rolled up, a Ford super duty with an extended cab, and Allison got out first. She was excited, she'd been listening to her boyfriend explain the deal and the look on her face was one part fear to ten-thousand parts excitement. The scared little smile on her face as she crossed in front of the truck headlights before Colin had even gotten his door open told me this was going to be worth it, no matter what it took.

"Whoooo!" bellowed Freddy, 6'7" black lineman, he was the one I was most worried about. Guys, all women talk to all other women about the size of your dick, the way you use it, where you want to put it, and how well you move. Freddy had an eight inch long dick with a full hand's worth of girth. Every woman he'd ever dated said it went in her ass at least once, and that he plowed like a freight train. His yell meant he fully planned on plowing Allison and I. I felt sorry for dainty little Allison. Barely a size two, no hips to speak of, and she'd probably taken Freddy at least once or twice since she and Colin had been together. She flinched a little when she heard him pound on the top of the truck from the door as he climbed out.

Then there was Jacob. He was short, a little fat, and had a short fireplug of a four inch dick. This is just under average in length guys, but in girth he made up for it. Fully hard, he was a mouthful, and he'd pop some of his dad's Viagra when he could get the chance, because he loved to face fuck.

Which brought the attention back to Colin. He was longer than Freddy, almost nine inches, but a little less girth. He had a staying power though. He basically didn't come until all of his friends had, or until he'd met some certain point of sadistic, satisfaction. He was the wild card. Until he was done, Allison couldn't be with me.

"We still doin this dyke?" Colin sneered as he walked up and put his arms around Allison.

'It's up to Allison," I said, my confidence wasn't as solid as I wanted it. Like I said, I can fuck a man, but I make love to women. I was about to get fucked hard, to get access to a woman I'd wanted basically my entire sexual life.

"You still in baby? Think you can lick her hairy snatch?" Colin was so into the sadism of it all. He wanted the kill in all things.

"C—can I see it?" Allison let out nervously, and then blushed as only a brunette can. Freddy let out with another war whoop, and I thought I could oblige. I was backlit from my headlights, and front lit from Colin's truck. I popped my shirt over my bra, and set it on my hood, then moved quickly to unzip and kick off boots that would have slowed getting out of my jeans. The whole while I kept eye contact with Allison, but avoided smiling. The boys whooped and hollered, but I could feel my heart beat, and I saw her eyes watch me the whole time. It was almost like they weren't even there. Then I stood up, bra and matching panties in a nude flesh tone that matched my own. 

"Meet me in the middle," I said at that point, and the boys hooted, while Colin whispered something in Allison's ear.

"Yeah, I'll do it," she said.

She pulled off a thin sweater, to reveal a lacy, strawberry red bra, that could barely contain her. She was headed up a size any day now, and her abs were tight, her belly button perfect, and she bent over to drop her skirt, revealing a pair of white panties, and that her stockings were just thigh high. She was already wetting the folds of her panties, and a selling, defined camel toe revealed every curve of her.

"Enough of a show, time to pay up." Colin put his arms back around Allison, a cage around all that interested me here, and I was brought back to reality, as Jacob stripped to his beer belly and white boxers, while Freddy took off his jeans and jersey to reveal that he was commando. Black skin and uncircumcised cock. Definitely not my favorite. 

Jacob moved around first, and I obligingly moved into position, there was short grass all around the picnic area, I took to my knees, rightly assuming what he wanted from me. In a single motion, I decided to take control of what happened next, knowing that once he got started it would be the last time I was in control of much of anything. I jerked his boxers down in one swift motion. Curly red pubes framed his angry fireplug, and I relaxed my jaw as I tried to take him swiftly into my whole mouth. He hollered a "hell yeah," as I closed around him.

I don't know what other women do when they're sucking dick, but I count stokes. One, two, as a dry cock gets wet in my mouth, at five strokes he put his left hand on the back of my head, and his right into the twists of my short hair, and started to pound against my face. The smell of him was all over me. He was disgusting, the worst of the three as far as appearance and smell. His hair, his balls against my chin, the rolls of his belly against my forehead. I counted to 20 before I gagged the first time, and I counted to thirty before Freddy got impatient.

Freddy came around behind me and undid my bra first, but my hands were on Jacob, trying to make sure I still got air as he moved, and working to find some purchase on his hips or ass where I could speed things along. That meant I had to free one arm and then the other as he guided my bra straps off. He grabbed my tits from behind, and that's when I noticed from the corner of my eye that Colin had let Allison go so he could move around for a better look. Colin took off his belt and jeans, while Allison watched Jacob pound my face. I caught her eye, and tried to think to her. "I'm doing this for you," and the pained look on her face seemed to be in answer. Freddy was moving to remove my panties, when she suddenly decided to get involved, kneeling down on the grass herself behind Freddy, and planting her face squarely between Freddy's ass cheeks. 

"Holy shit!" I had to maneuver Jacob a little to get an eye on it all, but she was just jamming her whole face into his ass, like she'd thrown herself on some grenade, trying to slow the progress of that dark skinned man from going for my ass.

Colin was laughing. I was up to almost fifty sucks, when Jacob started spraying cum into my mouth, and all I could do was to swallow as he held my head into his body while he spasmed. He took ten long seconds to release me and then I coughed and spat for a few seconds as he fell onto his ass and everyone laughed. Everyone, but Allison who was still buried with her tongue stuck into Freddy's asshole.

Colin kicked off his jeans then, and moved toward me. I turned a bit, and he rolled me onto my back. Seeing that my panties were still on, he pulled them down, and off with a practiced move. There was no spit on his hand, no preamble, Colin Sparks just took my panties off and he thrust his full length into me, right there.

I'd like to tell you that I was dry, that sucking off a fat pig like Jacob had left me completely disinterested, but the girl of my dreams was licking out the asshole of a man who was about to plunder my asshole. She was throwing herself into it with such passion and abandon to protect me that I had flushed as wet as I have ever been, and Colin's movement into me was as smooth as if I'd been chock full of the lube I had sitting in my jeans on the ground a few feet away.

That was when Freddy decided that a tongue in his asshole was great, but that his dick in an asshole was better. He turned around, bent Allison over the front of my car, and pulled her panties down to her knees.

"Freddy please, not like last time," she called out, and I did the only thing I could do as Colin grunted in me.

"Wait, in my jeans. For her," I said, and Colin drilled me harder, while Freddy went to inspect my jeans pocket.

He found my lube, a small bottle, but silky smooth lube with a strong flowery smell. He poured plenty into his hand and slathered his dick. He handed the tube to Allison, and she worked a little into her tight asshole. I could tell from here, that it was still going to be a bit rough in the beginning. Freddy was huge. And she was so dainty. I'd have switched out, but Colin was trying to turn me over in the grass, and I was straining to watch Allison take on Freddy.

He bent her back over, lined up, spreading her cheeks with one hand while he guided with the other. His head dipped into her pussy, sliding down and in the first time, but he was here for ass, and he was going to have her ass. He slid up, and I saw the head of his dick disappear, just as Colin found my pussy from behind. I popped up into Doggy style so I could continue to watch, as Allison turned her head toward me in pure agony. 

For what it was worth, Freddy then started to move slowly, patiently, responding to Allison's hand pushing against him to slow his movements. By the time he was all the way in, the pain was gone from her face, and Freddy had reached around with his right hand and found her clit. The joy on her face as she orgasmed, and looked into my eyes, set me off. I came once, and the squeeze of my gymnasts's ass gripped Colin so hard, that I felt him shudder all over. He looked over at Allison, then I looked up at him, and he realized what had happened between us.

"Freddy," he called over, "Hey Freddy switch." Freddy gave two more powerful strokes, then turned his head.

"What?"

"Switch with me. Give me back my girl, and give this one what she came here for."

Freddy pulled out, glistening and hard.

"Bring the bottle," I said cavalier, as Colin moved over to Allison. He whispered something else into her ear. Something vicious, but she nodded and said "okay."

As Freddy lubed up again, and I took the bottle from him, I could feel some of Colin's precum leaking out of my pussy. I was glad for the pills I'd taken, but I was also concerned about how he was maneuvering Allison to be down next to me. On all fours just like me, side by side.

"Jacob, the pills kicked in yet?" 

"Hell yeah," he said, his dick had never gotten flaccid, he'd taken the pill before he'd even come, but the real answer was that he was recovered enough to look for another face to fuck. 

"Take Allison, while she watches," Colin called, and Jacob plopped in front of her. I'd watch while Colin took her sweet pussy from behind, while the fat folds of Jacob's belly smothered her, and while Freddy's cock took my ass. Well played Colin. Well played.

Jacob had just plugged Allison's sweet mouth, as tears streaked out of her eyes in a quick gag reflex, when Freddy found my ass. His gentleness was for Allison, for me, he was looking to finish.

It burns at first. You think you need to take a giant dump, you then feel more full than ever, all the arteries and veins in your head feel like they're being pushed on, and then he sticks another inch in. I thought I'd been fucked in the ass before, but Freddy filled me up and then some.

I want to say it was the most miserable experience in my life, but I'm going to admit something that maybe only I and my old girlfriends know. I cum hardest with something in my ass.

Usually it's a strap on or a fist while my clit is being worked on by able, supple and feminine lips. Tonight it was the biggest, black cock in school, and a friendly reach around by stubby fingers that had never dropped a football, and were hoping to get some cum out of a lesbian.

So while my biggest crush was being spit roasted by a fat slob, who I still had the taste of in my mouth, and her sadistic boyfriend, who'd just ordered my ass filled, I was cumming buckets while the freight train hollered behind me.

He could feel me cumming. My ass was milking his dick against my preference, my gender, and against any reason or strategy. Every movement he made slid across that secret spot, just a little ways in that shared the same nerves and sensation inside my pussy, and ran me over every single time, whether a man or woman did it. My tight ass grabbed him at one point, and he sucked in his breath for a second, and blew every bit of his load. He moved, and panted, tugged and twisted for a moment, but I had him even though his dick was in my ass.

I looked over, and my pretty, blue eyed lover, who I'd never touched before, managed to push Jacob away, just in time to get a blast in the face. He pumped across her eyed, nose and forehead, a stream of cum. All she could do was cough, because her boyfriend was finding his own end. He could see my savaged ass, with cum leaking out of it, he had his own dick in Allison, and could see her angry red asshole, and now he could see the concern on my face as I saw Allison choking, and he'd finally reached what he wanted.

He painted the inside of her. I stopped and looked at him as he panted and heaved. So much theater as he got exactly what he wanted. His friends satisfied, his girlfriend dirty and humiliated, and me, the dyke, bent over and used in every hole. He fell back laughing.

Freddy moved off to the bushes, whooping and hollering, this time to go and take a piss. I stood up, and moved to my driver's side to retrieve some wet wipes.

Jacob was partially passed out on the grass, with his erection still as solid as before.

Colin just kinda watched, as I cleaned up his girlfriend's face. She took one of the wipes from me, and started working it out of her eyes, while I moved to clean off my ass a little.

"So you've got her, what are you going to do to her?" Colin asked then, as I bent half over, and reached around behind with a fresh wipe to handle the outflow.

"Allison, are you okay?" I asked then, realizing what Colin's plan was now.

"Yeah, just give me a second, she sniffed."

"No Dyke, what are you going to do with her?" Colin pressed.

"I'm going to give her a second to freshen up," I said, and tossed the used wipe I'd just finished with at him. He dodged of course. Not like those things are aerodynamic or anything. I was about to pick it up and throw it again, when I heard Allison behind me.

"I'm ready now."

I turned, and sure enough she was. This was the first time I really got to see her completely. She was mostly shaved down below, just a few short, soft hairs around the lips of her pussy, where unskilled hands hadn't used the razor well. She had dark, erect nipples, and was lying back on the grass. She'd done the best to clean up her angry asshole, and puffy lips, but she had Jacob's taste in her mouth, and she didn't like it, an her expression showed it. Jacob was a smoker, and to anyone who isn't a smoker, the taste is not something you want in your cum, and especially not in your mouth.

I could feel Colin's eyes on my back, but I didn't care. She said she was ready, and this is what I'd done it for.

I lowered myself to the ground; who cares what Colin saw. I came in and I locked my lips on Allison's mouth. We had the same horrible taste in our mouth, the same lips had sucked the same dick, but we found power in that kiss to ignore the taste, to hold onto that moment. My right hand found her nipple, and her right found mine. That was all that mattered. That kiss lasted a full minute, and I tried to wipe every tooth, every miniscule part of her tongue and mouth clean, and she tried the same. When we broke, the look in her eyes was hungry, and I moved down to her belly.

Normally, I like to give, and then I like to receive. At this moment, while Colin watched, while Freddy came back from his leak in the bushes, and while Jacob returned to consciousness to the sight of two women making love, I was doing whatever I could to make Allison feel better, and she, an incredibly fast learner, was doing everything she could to make sure the same thing happened to me.
