 My ultimate fantasy has always been to have sex with two women at the same time.  Unfortunately, none of the women I ever dated had the same fantasy until I met Harry (Harriet).  I found out that she was not adverse to this proposition one Saturday night after a mutually satisfying lovemaking session at my house.

We were lying in my bed, basking in the after glow of orgasm.  She had her head in the crook of my arm and was making aimless patterns in my chest hair with her fingers.

"Tell me what you fantasize about the most."

I tried to be gallant.  "Why, making love to you, of course."

"That's not a fantasy, that's a reality."  Her hand had slowly inched its way downward and was now bringing life back to a dead soldier, while her mouth was suckling on a very sensitive nipple. "Tell me a good one and I will give you a nice reward."

"Well...," I was very hesitant to broach the subject for fear that she might think that I wasn't completely satisfied with our relationship, but the thought of a reward was appealing, especially since she had moved down the bed and was now eye to eye with a soldier at full attention. 

"I have always wondered what it would be like to have two women at the same time."

"All for yourself, or can they do each other too?"

I hadn't thought about that, but the more I pictured it in my mind, the more interesting it became. "Oh, I would love to see two women having at it, as long as I could join in."

Her velvety mouth engulfing my swollen cock, sliding up and down drove the thought of any thing but the immediate satisfaction of carnal rapture from my mind. Not to be left out, I moved her around to sit on my face so that I could fuck her with my tongue while she sucked the cum from deep within me. I could feel my climax rapidly approaching so I made every effort to bring her off at the same time. My tongue darted in and out, back and forth and up and down in rapid succession. I was so successful that she beat me to the draw and flooded my face with her juice just a few seconds before I shot my load into her mouth.

That night, I fell asleep with her in my arms and the taste of her nectar on my lips, all thoughts of fucking two women at the same time forgotten. 

A few days later she called me at work and asked if I could come over for dinner the following Friday and meet an old friend of hers.  She suggested that I should bring a couple of bottles of a nice wine because we were going to have "red" meat.

I took off work a little early on the appointed day, dropped by the booze store and selected three bottles of a nice merlot and, as a kicker, a 18 year old port. I arrived at her apartment, freshly shaved and showered promptly at 6:30 p.m. and was greeted at the door by a very attractive woman who introduced herself as Mary, an old college chum of Harry's.  She invited me in, said Harry was busy in the kitchen, took the wine and asked if I would like some now or would I prefer something a little stronger.  I opted for the wine and cast an appraising eye at Mary as she removed the cork and poured three glasses.

Mary was about the same age as Harry, just a little taller, but where Harry was very slender Mary was solid, at least 15 to 20 pounds heavier.  It was well distributed over her frame and gave her a softer, rounder look.  She had short dark hair and very dark, almost black eyes.  She was wearing blue jeans and a paisley, jersey, blouse.  I sat mesmerized when I realized that she wasn't wearing a bra and the sharp points I could see in the glossy fabric were the nipples of her very shapely breasts. 

Harry saved me from making a complete fool of myself by coming out of the kitchen, making formal introductions and telling us that dinner was ready.  She and Mary had been friends and roommates all the way through collage.  They had formed a long-lasting friendship and kept in close touch with each other.

Over dinner, as difficult as it was with my eyes glued to "The Blouse" and its obvious treasures, we learned a lot about each other.  Mary, was married, but separated from her husband and she had no children.  She worked as a paralegal in one of the major downtown law firms.  At age 34, she was preparing to take the bar exam. 

Of course I already knew that Harry was a relator because she had handled some real estate transactions for me.  I also knew that she was 33 years old.  I was surprised to learn that Mary lived just downstairs in the same apartment building as Harry and that they visited each other often.

I told Mary of my successful construction business partnership and how we specialized in remodeling and repairs.  I had a personal sideline of buying old houses on spec, and living in them while I remodeled them in my spare time.  I had met Harry when she sold me the house I lived in now and had just finished rehabilitating. 

Slowly, the dinner conversation changed from general areas to more specific, personal, details. Harry described our relationship to Mary. It may have been the wine talking but to my surprise, she then let it out that she and Mary had been lovers at school.  Mary didn't deny this and, in fact, when I stole a peak at her she was looking at Mary and smiling.  "The Blouse" caught my eye and I could see that the glorious nipples were at full attention.

Through the fog of alcohol I begin to get an idea that perhaps there would be more to this dinner than I had anticipated.  Then I remembered the conversation that Harry and I had last week. My imagination began to work overtime and it mentioned to my penis that this may be a little more than a casual dinner followed by easy conversation. My cock thought that my imagination was on to something and responded by preparing itself for action.

Harry announced that the port would be served in the living room.  Mary led the way and Harry took my hand to lead me to the sofa. She noticed the bulge in my pants caused by the preparations that my dick had made and, with a knowing smile, let go of my hand and used this newly erected handle to guide me to a seat on the couch. Mary was busy putting a "Bump and Grind" tune by Herb Alpert on the C.D. player so I think that she missed this little bit of horse play.

Slowly, in time with the music, Harry began a sensual dance.  Assisted by Mary, she started removing her clothing, one, sexy, piece at a time.  Before the music was over, she was completely nude.  I had seen her naked many times, but her lithe, nymph like body with the shaved pussy gave her a nubile look that was most appealing.

Now, it was Mary's turn.  Harry restarted "Night Train" by Herb Alpert.  My eyes were wide with anticipation as Harry unbuttoned "The Blouse."  Mary removed it while her back was turned to me. Harry helped with the removal of the jeans and panties. Now both girls were nude but Mary still had had back to me. The fullness and round shape of her ass was just as appealing in it's own way as Harry's sylphlike look. I was dying to see her tits!  My cock was so hard it actually hurt. 

The girls continued their dancing but when they started kissing and running their hands over each other I thought I would loose it right there!  When Mary turned around, I never saw anything as sexy as Harry's lips kissing those perfect, big, pink nipples. It was all I could do to notice the perfectly trimmed, heart shaped patch of dark pubic hair that hid Mary's pussy.

They must have sensed the level of my arousal, because they both came over to the couch, each took a hand and made me get up to join in their dance.  The fact that my cock was sticking straight out made no difference to me because I was lost in the erotic fantasy of dancing with two beautiful, naked, women.  As Harry had done to Mary, they both began to remove my clothing.  (My shoes and socks had been left at the couch.) First my shirt, then my under shirt.  Mary began to undo my belt and as soon as it was done, Harry helped me step out of my trousers.  I was completely naked except for my boxers, my pecker making a very large bulge in them.  Mary pulled me close and began another sensual dance, rubbing herself hard against the bulge.  Harry, in the meantime, was rubbing her hands all over my back and my ass.  In a quick motion she pulled the boxers down, letting my penis leap out in all its glory.

Now, both girls moved in front of me, making a triangular pattern of dancers. I had my left arm around Harry and my right arm around Mary.  My erect cock, sticking straight out, was acting as some sort of a divider between them.  Slowly, we danced towards the bedroom bumping and grinding all the way.  When we got there, somehow they got me with my back to the bed and pushed me down on it. "Just lie there and let us take care of things," said Harry as she crawled up on the bed beside me on her hands and knees. 

Since she was fondling my penis and Mary was rubbing my chest as she got onto the bed, I thought that maybe Harry knew what she was talking about.  I just lay there with my eyes closed and enjoyed the moment.  I opened them wide when I felt the unmistakable luxury of a warm, velvety mouth caressing my cock.  It was Mary at first and then Harry.  They were taking turns licking up the shaft to the knob, kissing each other then and going back to swirling their tongues around my main organ.  Mary seemed to be in charge of positioning, and had Harry come around and sit on my face while she got ready to slide her pussy down on my cock.  They were facing each other, each fondling the others breasts and kissing while I fucked one with my tongue and the other with my cock. I had to fight Harry's hands to get a feel of Mary's perfect tits with the wonderful nipples.

It was difficult to concentrate on parting the lips of Harry's pussy and finding her clitoris with my tongue while my dick was experiencing the ecstasy of Mary sliding up and down on it.  I was within two or three strokes of cuming when Harry said, "Let's swap places."

I assumed she meant that she was going to sit on my cock and I was going to get to taste Mary's pussy, but that's not what happened.  Instead, Harry laid on her back on the bed. She opened her legs and Mary, on her hands and knees, buried her face in Harry's pussy.  At first I felt left out until I noticed that Harry's ass was high in the air, her wet pussy inviting my hard cock.  I found that I could stick my dick deep into her pussy from behind and fondle those wondrous breasts at the same time.

I think that my cock driving into Mary's cunt made her work even harder, sucking the little love button of Harry's clit and within moments all three of us were moaning in the throws of passion. It was Harry who went first, letting out an animal like growl as she reached her climax, twitching and writhing as Mary continued her attack on the delicious pussy that I myself had enjoyed so often.

Now it was my turn and I could feel the joy of sex beginning deep within me. It slowly built until I could contain it no longer and, in a mighty pulse I felt the product of my passion spewing spurt after spurt into Mary.  I was holding her hips and ass tight against my groin luxuriating in the feeling of my cum shooting deep inside her.

When I finally released her she pulled away and said, "That was good, but, you're not quite finished yet."  Then I realized that she was the only one that had not cum.

As weak as I was, I set about to rectify this omission right away. My dick had wilted and was completely useless, but I my tongue was still working and I had wanted to taste her anyway, so I dove right in. I often ate Harry right after we fucked so that the taste of my cum mixed with pussy juice was something that I looked forward to as the highlight of a lovemaking session.  Although there was a little difference in the taste, it was very pleasant in it's own right and I lapped at it with gusto. Within seconds Mary was writhing in the same throws of ecstasy that Harry had enjoyed just a few moments earlier. She captured my head with her legs and held my mouth in place until the last drop of her excitement had been sucked from her pussy.

She finally released me and I collapsed, spent, on the bed beside the two of them. I was lying there trying to throw off the stupor that follows the climax of erotic passion when I heard Mary say, very politely to Harry, "May I?"

Harry's answer must have been a nod, because I didn't hear it, but only a short moment later I felt the familiar touch of a mouth engulfing my completely deflated cock.  I proved to Mary (and myself) that I was a gentleman and rose to the occasion, at least the part of me she was working on did.  The soft sleeve of her mouth, gently sucking on my cock, the same as a baby would on a breast, the feel of her tongue as it outlined and swirled around the knob on the end of my dick, was heaven and it only took a few minutes for me to bestow upon her the same reward she had so graciously given me such a short time before.

I think I must have fallen into a coma, because it was well after daylight on Saturday when I came to in Harry's bed, sandwiched between her and Mary, who was still sleeping. Harry was nibbling on my ear when she whispered, " O. K., lets talk about my fantasy of having two men fuck me at the same time!"

Copyright (c) 10-01-2000 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.