 I have many stories to tell and they are spread over many categories. Many are ready to be submitted. As one is published, I will then submit another. This will keep them in time line from earliest dates to the most recent. When the tales of these three are all published, I will begin back when I started my 14+ month bike ride. Please take the time to read them and hopefully enjoy them. Comments and voting are very much welcome. Be it good or bad I want to hear them all. Thanks.

======================

It has been a couple of months since my first time with Beth then Sally, Beth's mom. They had both been by a couple times a week each since then for some "servicing", which I didn't mind providing. 

Beth found out that her mom was fucking me. Sally had forgotten something and returned to get it and Beth and she passed one another on the road. Sally, knowing where Beth was headed turned around and we all discussed the situation. Beth was fine with it. She was just glad Tom was gone and told her mom about Tom trying to fuck her. Sally was pissed and said, "It's a damn good thing he took his ass back to California where he belongs. I'll kill that bastard if I ever see him again. Why didn't you tell me?"

Beth looked down in embarrassment and stated, "I have a couple of friends that happened to and their mother didn't believe it. I figured you wouldn't either."

"Oh, damn Beth. I'm sorry you didn't have that much faith in me" and hugged her tight.

That was last week. I left them to sort it out.

--------

June was just a few days away. I was thinking another bike ride might be nice. Not as long as last time because I like my job driving a school bus. I was by the pool in the planning stages when Beth called. She wanted to stop by for a little while. That always meant a couple hours of some serious sucking and fucking. My answer was "Ok". Hell, my answer was always "Ok". 

It was only about ten minutes later when I heard a car coming up the drive. She must have already been on her way when she called knowing I would say yes. When I looked up, I saw someone with her. "Damn, that's disappointing" went through my mind. "Oh, it's Ginnie." I had met Ginnie. She was about 5'2" and was a real knockout but she had somewhat smallish tits, probably B cups with dark hair and dark eyes and was just a bit thinner than I liked, but I would still...well, I would.

"Whatcha doing?" asked Beth.

"Thinking about a bike ride, maybe to Yellowstone. It's been a few years since I've been. Hello, Ginnie."

Beth leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Ginnie turned 18 last week and she wants to do you."

I looked up at Ginnie and she was all grin and lightly rubbing her pussy through her shorts. She had on a cropped t-shirt and her nipples were about to poke holes in it. 

I told her she needed to stop that and I would take care of it later if she really wanted to do this. She stopped immediately. "Right now, today?" I asked. They both shook their head. 

I stood up and started to skin down. Suddenly, both girls did the same. "Are you sticking around, too?" I asked Beth. She just grinned really big and pulled her shorts down. Neither girl had panties on. It really makes me stiff when any woman doesn't wear panties or bra. Ginnie's pussy was shaved slick and her nipples were very tiny but long and dark brown. We all jumped in the pool.

Beth and Ginnie were giggling and whispering and Ginnie came over and started stroking my hard cock. Under the water she went and engulfed my dick in her mouth. I like all this play and its a lot of fun but I really like fucking in the comfort of indoors or sometimes on the deck by the house. I like it at campsites as well if it's going to be outdoors.

When she came up for air I said, "You are a hungry little girl aren't you?"

"You bet I am. I haven't had dick in a couple months."

I climbed out of the pool and laid out to sun and dry off. The girls joined me.

After I had dried off some I got up and walked over to Ginnie. She was lying on her back with a towel over her eyes to shade them from the sun. I reached down and started rubbing her clit. She jumped with a start and removed the towel and I said, "If you want this cock, you need to follow me" then headed for the house. I looked over my shoulder and saw her shaking Beth. They both jogged to catch up with me, all four breasts bouncing delightfully. Damn, what a sight.

When we were inside I directed Ginnie to the bed and told Beth to stand at the door and watch and I would tell her when I was ready for her to join in. When I turned around, Ginnie was lying on the bed with her legs ajar. I slowly kneeled between her legs and started licking the inside of her thighs, one side then the other. I worked my way up to her very wet pussy. I licked her pussy lips and slid my tongue up to flick at her clit then back down to her sex hole then back to the nub. I paused long enough to call for Beth.

Beth went to stand beside us and just stared at what I was doing. She was there for about a minute when she said to Ginnie, "I want to kiss you." Ginnie didn't reply. Beth leaned down and kissed her. When she pulled back just a little, I noticed their tongues dancing with one another and Beth started pinching and squeezing Ginnie's tiny nipples. Ginnie did the same to Beth. Beth leaned over and hovered a tit over Ginnie's mouth. Ginnie pulled Beth down and began to suck it. Beth then moved down and took Ginnie's left nipple in and sucked it. Ginnie was quivering and I knew she was close. 

I asked Beth if she wanted to taste Ginnie's pussy. She didn't answer but moved around where I was. I got up and Beth took my place. I fucked Beth from behind for a short time then I climbed on the bed next to Ginnie's face and she took my rock hard cock in her mouth. She started sucking and then very quickly she was shaking fiercely and I started pushing my cock down her throat as she came hard. She didn't gag and it was in her mouth to my balls when she was finished cumming. When her orgasm slowed, I pulled out and moved to where Beth was. She slowly stood up and I saw she was drenched from her chest to below her waist. Ginnie had squirted a lot of juice all over her.

I pulled Ginnie to the edge of the bed and started pushing my cock in her cunt. She screamed and almost jumped off the bed. Oh, damn, she was no virgin but her cunt was tight, very tight. Tighter than even Beth's. Ginnie said very loudly, "It's too big, it's not going to fit" as she squirmed on the bed and pushed back. 

I said, "Yes it will. Just relax and I will take it slow, but it will fit." It was like her pussy was trying to strangle my dick it was so tight. I had never had a pussy so tight. I retrieved the KY from the bathroom. I massaged a generous amount on my cock and on her pussy lips and inside her. I began entering her again and told her to relax. She did but grunted and grimaced as I slid my cock in her amazingly tight cunt. It took a couple minutes but when my cock was finally all the way in she moaned and a big smile came to her face. We were motionless for a while. Ginnie finally started humping a little. 

I directed Beth onto the bed straddling Ginnie's face while facing me. She lowered herself and Ginnie was stabbing and licking her pussy with her tongue. Beth leaned forward and kissed me and started rubbing Ginnie's clit. It didn't take long and Ginnie was ready to cum a second time. I was stroking my cock in and out of Ginnie's tight pussy and going slow at first then I began picking up the pace quite a bit. I could feel my nut starting to build fast. I wanted to fill this girls pussy with my cum. When Ginnie started shaking and jerking it put me over the edge and I squirted a lot of cum in Ginnie's tight pussy.

That is when Beth started cumming. I was still fucking Ginnie because my dick never went limp. Ginnie had another orgasm. Ginnie squirted but her pussy was so tight on my dick that I don't think a drop leaked out. When I pulled my cock out of her pussy, it gushed out like a dam had broken. Beth was on her third or maybe fourth. I quickly pulled Beth off of Ginnie onto her back and slammed my cock into Beth's wet pulsating pussy. She never stopped her orgasms. I felt Ginnie between my legs, she started licking and sucking my nutsack while squeezing them gently with her hand. Then she pushed a finger into my asshole and was stroking in and out. Beth was losing her mind with orgasms one right after another. I could feel it starting to rise and I got Ginnie back on the bed on her back. I shifted over and pushed my cock in Ginnie's super tight and very wet pussy. It was much easier this time and Ginnie offered no complaints. Beth lay next to us and watched. I pumped as hard and fast as I could. My body finally stiffened and spasmed into a very extreme orgasm. Ginnie was cumming again as well. She bucked and arched her back and her screech was very loud. I had delivered a lot more cum into Ginnie. Then as I was relaxing from it, I came again, not as intense this time but it was still a nice one. Damn, that's never happened before, or since but it was a wonderful feeling.

We all lay on the bed to catch some air. After a few minutes, Ginnie broke the silence, "I always thought that I came when I could feel the guy cumming in my pussy it felt so good but this is something a lot better than that" and then started sucking my dick. I let her and she went for what I know had to be 20-30 minutes non-stop. I played with her pussy and clit until she came twice more and Beth was licking her the entire time. Although I was as hard as ever, I was not going to cum again for a good while I'm sure but it still felt wonderful.

The girls cleaned up and got dressed while I stayed naked as always. Just before they left, Ginnie came over and took my soft cock in her mouth for a few seconds then pulled back and looked up and said, "I still want to taste your cum. I missed out on that. Would it be alright if I came back alone sometime so I could have you all to myself?"

"Absolutely, Ginnie. Just be sure you call before you come. You can get my number from Beth or her mom."

"Your fucking Beth's mom, too?!?!? Holy shit!! You've got a fucking harem going. Damn, that's hot. I'm glad to be a part of that as long as I can get some of that hot cock." Ginnie screeched.

I looked at Beth wide eyed and she said, "Don't worry, she won't tell anyone. She keeps secrets really well."

"Ginnie, you can't tell anyone about what goes on here. Do you understand? No secret, no cock."

She did the twisty thing on her lips to show it was locked up and threw away the key. 

"Good girl"

I was relieved and spent when they left. It was only 1:30. I had time to fix something to eat and get back to work planning my trip.

--------

Five o'clock that evening my cell phone sprang to life. It's Beth's mom, Sally. "Hey, you. ...Sure...You hungry? I was about to fix something...About an hour and a half...Ok. The door on the back deck is unlocked, come on in when you get here."

Just like clockwork an hour and a half later Sally shows up just as dinner was being put on the table. "What's for dinner?" Sally inquired.

"Bacon wrapped chicken breast stuffed with spinach and goat cheese and a baked sweet potato."

"You are one hell of a good fuck and can cook, too" she exclaimed. "Why has some woman not staked her claim on you I'll never figure out."

I knew she was fishing, "One almost did once."

"What happened?"

"Well, since I was very young, I always said I'd never get married. Found one that changed my mind and was just about to ask her to take the plunge. I walked in on her and what would have been my best man, that I had grown up with, fucking like minks. Haven't seen either of them since that day."

"Wow. That must have been really tough."

"Yeah, well, it just reinforced the reason I had said I'd never get married. My mom cheated on my dad. He cheated on her, too. My sister cheated on both of her husband's before I was even 20. My brother cheated on all of his girlfriends and his wife. Got remarried and is probably cheating on her, too. Almost everyone I knew who was hooked up was cheating on their spouse or girlfriend or boyfriend. Male and female. Some got caught, some didn't. Not the heartbreak I wanted to go through, but did anyway. At least I didn't have to go to court to get rid of her. Let's eat."

She tried to talk about it some more over dinner but I told her that it was enough. She respected that and has never mentioned it again.

We went for an evening swim and played our private game of tag. When she was it, she had to touch my dick. By the same token, I had to touch her pussy. Afterwards she was hanging on the side of the pool and asked if she could see inside the guest house. 

We dried off and retrieved the key from the shop and off we went, still naked from the swim. It was far enough away from the main house to allow privacy, but close enough to the pool. I explained I had originally built it for my mom when she was sick but she never moved in. She was an old East Texas girl and stubborn as a mule or worse. Two bedrooms, one and a half baths with a sleeper sofa, love seat and two recliners in the living room. Satellite TV, full kitchen, and I've added two game consoles and a hot tub since Mom died.

She just blurted out, "How many times do you think I can cum in an hour?"

"Wow, not really sure I can count that high"

"You making fun of me?" She started messing with her phone. She always had it by her side religiously. She said, "Take this and push the start button as soon as I have my first one." I noticed it was set for one hour.

"Damn girl, you're serious. You really want to do this, don't you."

"Yes I do, and I can see you're ready to start" while squeezing my now hard cock. Just the thought of fucking her or Beth gets me hard. She lay at the edge of the bed and spread her long, tanned legs to give me access to her pussy.

Who was I to deny her? I kneeled and started licking her feet and sucking her toes. Working my way slowly up the inside of her calves and thighs to her hairy pussy. I knew that normally she and Beth both would have one orgasm then it would be a few minutes before her second one. When her second one hit, she would cum over and over. It was like one long one with short lulls in between as long as I was licking or fingering her clit or pussy lips or even fucking her. Sometimes Sally would cum while sucking my cock with absolutely nothing touching her pussy or her clit or her tits. She said they weren't too strong like that but it was still amazing.

I had fucked Beth and Ginnie earlier so I knew I could last a good while fucking Sally. As I was flicking at her clit for a few minutes, I could feel it starting. She came the first time and I had to look for the phone and finally hit the timer. I kept eating her out and she started to shake and tense up. There's two, then three, then a fourth. After number 14, I stood up and plunged my dick in her as deep as it would go. She let go with a very long orgasm immediately then even more. I look at the timer, 42 minutes to go and she was at 17. Wasn't sure my old legs would last that long. 

As soon as her cum session started to fade, I scooted her up on the bed and crawled between her legs and crammed my cock in her cunt hard. I still couldn't feel my cum start to rise, but I was determined. She said, "You haven't cum yet, did Beth come by earlier?"

"Yes, and she had Ginnie with her."

"And you fucked Beth with Ginnie here?"

"I fucked both of them."

"Damn, that's hooOOOOOOT" and she started cumming again. That was number 22. The timer showed 27 minutes to go. After 12 more orgasms, she decided she needed a break. I wasn't going to give her one. I rolled off of her and turned around. I pulled her over me and started licking her hairy pussy and she took my swollen dick in her mouth and was pushing her head down to get it down her throat. Another minute she started cumming again. 

I could now feel my orgasm rising from my insides. She was still cumming one after another. Some were strong and some were pretty weak and I wasn't even sure they were orgasms but I counted them anyway. My cum was slow to rise but when I did come deep in her throat it was a massive one. I mean the feeling, not the amount of jism. My dick went soft but I continued to lick at her pussy. Finally she just shot up in the air and flew off me. 

"I can't do this anymore" she screamed. 

I tried to pull her back but she refused. She was wasted. Looking at the timer there was only 7 minutes left. I told her she had time for at least 10 12 more.

She said, "Uh, uh. Nope. I'm done." 

"I never thought I'd see the day I wore you down instead of the other way around."

"How many?" She inquired.

"Well, a few were pretty weak and I wasn't even sure if they were actually orgasms and I lost track at one point..."

"How many, damn it"

"Best I could count, almost 50, maybe more."

"How could you lose count?"

"I was pretty distracted when I busted my nut in your throat. It was the strongest orgasm I can ever remember and it lasted, oh I don't know, like forever it seemed"

"Yeah, you were pushing my head down so hard and long I thought I was going to pass out from lack of oxygen." Then she laughed pretty hard and gave me a hug and a huge sloppy kiss. "I haven't gotten any morning wood from you yet. Do you mind if I stay the night?"

"Not at all" I replied. "Did you bring something to sleep in?" I asked laughingly.

"Well, no, but I'll think of something, or nothing" she answered.

"You have anything sexy and revealing to wear out?"

"Why?" she asked.

"I'd like to take you out for lunch tomorrow on the bike and show you off a little. Do you mind?" I was waiting for a strong rebuke but it didn't come.

Instead, her eyes lit up and she giggled really big. "Do I mind? I'd love to be your slutty arm candy. It's been a hell of a long time since I've done something like that. Tom always hated it when I dressed slutty so I stopped. I will have to go home to get something. Skirt or shorts? Remember, I don't wear panties, ever."

"Skirt. As short as you can dare. A thin blouse. No bra."

"Good choice. You got it, you dirty old man. You want to go with me?"

"Sure"

Tomorrow could be very interesting indeed.