  Ch.04  The End of Season Party

I didn't worry about the team's end of season meal as such. I had my moments of uncontrollable giggling as I fantasized about the evening and I had a few where I was gripped with apprehension and terror. How bad could it be I kept thinking but some of the replies I gave myself were very scary.

I decided I was going to be a relatively good girl for a change. My exploits on the coach still lingered at the back of my mind. I had enjoyed it but I couldn't understand why I had become so depressed as soon as it was over. 

Carl came over one night for a chat and over a bottle of wine we discussed the events of the trip. I didn't realise he knew nothing about Scott until I mentioned it. He raised his eyebrows a little but never made a comment. He was more concerned about me being depressed that day. As soon as I told him about Scott he seemed to understand completely and telling someone else made it clear to me also. 

I had been wallowing in my own thoughts but didn't understand why, now it was clear to me there had been no problem except for the one I had created for myself. Why was I depressed, well it had ended and I have always joked. Good sex is like delicious chocolate, one is never enough. I was sad because it was over, that was all and now I smiled at all the heartache I had caused myself. I agreed to visit the club with Carl later that week to let the guys know I was fine and still going to their party. 

Over the next few days I put the coach trip to the back of my mind, although it still made me smile occasionally. I had been naughty and rather than punish myself, now I was able to enjoy it.

Carl drove me to the club a few days later. It was the first time I had been nervous about seeing the players. They were as sweet as ever and I was greeted with hugs and kisses. I could actually feel my smile grow and my apprehension slip away. Scott wasn't there and in a way I was glad, I still had no idea what I would say or what he thought of me. 

We stayed for a few drinks and after I assured them I would be at their party, there was even some teasing. I kept quiet but maintained my smile which seemed to wind them up more than words. A short while later I left with Carl and headed home. It was only a flying visit but it had done the trick and set my mind at ease.

The next few weeks did drag a little but Carl was marvellous. He worked with the guys from the club to create the opportunity and keep it private, something which had worried me. Carl was constantly on the phone, filling me in on the latest news about the party and explaining how things were to be kept quiet.

For my part I was at the gym everyday. I don't think I have ever worked out so hard. I trawled the shops for the right outfit but eventually settled on clothes I already had. A few days before the party I spent hours getting a perm of tiny ringlets. Both Alan and Carl said I looked stunning and I couldn't wait for the night to arrive.

Before the party I had to attend a meeting in London with a client. I opted to take the train and relax for a change. As I sat in the busy carriage I thought about the party and began setting my limits. I had no idea how far I would go and I sat imagining the evening and little scenarios. I was using my PDA and for every limit I set I would imagine it happening, then sit back and dream. All the way to London it seemed I was raising the bar and pushing my limits.

I took a taxi from the station to the meeting and even then I gazed out of the windows, spotting those handsome few that wandered the pavements. By the time I reached the offices I was feeling quite horny. 

I managed to control myself for the brief meeting and decided to have a wander around the shops before heading home. I was feeling quite pleased with myself, the meeting had been a success and I was happy with my ideas for the party. After a short walk I stopped for a coffee. The guy serving was young and very handsome and I couldn't help flirting. 

I was dressed for business, a dark tailored skirt suit which was quite figure hugging. I spent some time flirting until I took another walk through the shops before heading back. I felt so good, I could hardly believe it. I was smiling to myself as I wandered along and received so many smiles from men passing me in the street. Maybe they thought I was some kind of escaped loony or maybe you are more attractive when you look happy.

The train trip home was not so relaxing but I still managed to enjoy it. I was in such a good mood I wasn't letting anything spoil it. I continued to daydream about the party and giggled to myself as I continued to raise the bar.

By the time I arrived home I had worked myself into quite a state. I was so horny and feeling very naughty but it wasn't to be. Alan had already called saying he was staying onsite so I was all alone. I opened a bottle of wine and sat dreaming about the party but couldn't help discreetly amusing myself.

I spent most of the next day on the phone to Carl. After teasing him for a while about what he had missed the previous night we got down to talking about the party which was only two days away. Everything was ready and I was still going so Carl arranged to pick me and take me. Now all I had to do was wait.

Finally Carl picked me up, I'd been waiting ready and dressed for well over an hour. I scuttled out to the car and climbed in beside him. 

"What! No preview?" He asked.

"Sorry" I smiled.

We drove to the club and Carl parked at the rear. It seemed pretty quiet and Carl led me inside towards the function room.

I was dressed discretely for the moment, having a long Mack over my clothes. The bar was almost deserted but we had a quick drink before one of the players appeared and we followed him into the kitchen. 

There were several staff who were far too busy to notice us and we passed into a small room beside the main function room. Carl explained what was to happen. The kitchen staff would place the food in the adjacent room from which I would serve. 

It was quite good actually because they had erected a temporary wall so even if I entered when the kitchen staff were there, I couldn't be seen. I was happy and slipped my coat off revealing my outfit to Carl for the first time. 

I can't explain the look on his face except to say it filled me with confidence. I had on a very small and very tight waistcoat with nothing beneath. A knee length skirt with a long slit down the side, revealing lots of leg as I walked. Beneath I had my hold up stockings as promised and some brief panties which tied at the sides. I'd taken the small apron from a French maid's outfit and wrapped it around my waist as a final touch.

Carl pulled up a chair and seated himself with a beer, making sure we had no prying eyes. I took a deep breath and strode into the dining room. It was quite dull with a very large and very long table down the centre. The walls were lined with trophies and old pictures

The reaction from the guys was electric as I entered and I wandered around the table saying hello to each one. I think most of the team were there and they were all dressed very smart, dinner suits which I am sure was for my benefit. 

"You promised underwear," one of the players shouted.

I smiled but didn't reply to him directly, simply saying," Dinner is served."

I hurried back to my room and took two of the plates that had been prepared. The starters were easy but for the main course Carl told me which were which, steaks rare, medium etc. It was quite easy because they were being brought out in order, so all I had to do was work my way around the table from Brian. I tried to be as dainty as possible but it was such a frantic rush. I have every admiration for those that do this for a living. 

Eventually the starters were out of the way and everyone had their main course so I wandered back to my room. Carl helped me open a few bottles of wine before I decided it was time to adjust my clothing. Carl sat grinning as I slipped off my skirt and retied the apron. I took some wine and walked back out to the players. Now there was a thunderous cheer as I walked around the table, topping up their wine glasses. I felt great and my body was tighter than it had been for a long time.

I was soon clearing away plates and sliding between players as I collected them. As I returned for more I could tell they had been talking behind my back by the way they all went quiet. Gradually guys took the opportunity to fondle my ass or run a hand up my legs as I squeezed between them but I never objected.

I don't know who had designed the desert but it was very funny. A serving of ice cream covered in chocolate with a cherry placed on top which closely resembled a breast. The players appreciated this as well and there were ripples of laughter as I served them.

Finally all the players had their desert and I stood between two players at the table, placing a hand on each guys shoulder. The guys had been great all night and the conversation had been quite tame for them. I felt it was time to warm things up a little and took hold of each guy's closest hand. Slowly I guided them to the string securing my underwear. With no further encouragement they both tugged and my brief panties were pulled away. 

There were cheers from everyone and after giving them a little twirl I quickly returned to my room, Carl noticing immediately that my garment was missing. 

"Wow!" He exclaimed.

"Lots more to come," I said as I gave him a naughty grin.  I opened more wine and returned to the players, topping up their glasses again as they were all over me. Every guy taking his opportunity to touch my skin or fondle and I was providing them with lots of opportunities.

Slowly I began to wander around the table, standing beside each player in turn. I wasn't exactly looking to be groped but I accepted it. I was more interested in knowing if they were happy with things so far. Scott had been very quiet and to be honest I had been trying to avoid eye contact with him. Now I found myself cuddling up beside him and felt myself tremble a little. He gave me that gorgeous smile of his and I lowered my head. For a moment I kept my face, inches from his before standing upright again.

I scurried away towards Brian causing a few guys to laugh. I leant forward to give him a cuddle, wrapping my arms around his neck. As I began standing again Brian tugged at my waistcoat. I giggled knowing exactly what he meant. I stood again and without a word I undid the waistcoat and removed it. I smiled at the guys as I walked back to my room waving the garment around above my head. 

Carl didn't look surprised when he saw me but he did look pleased. I giggled and took a large drink of wine as I prepared to go back in. It had gone quiet back in the dining room and I wondered what they were plotting so I returned immediately, hoping to catch a poignant phrase. 

They were already quiet but most grinned as I entered. I knew they were planning something but so far I had been in control of the evening. I sidled up to Scott and leant forward, bending over between him and the next player. Scott was finishing his desert and I took his spoon in my mouth, eating the ice cream but holding onto the spoon. I kept it in my mouth for a moment before releasing it and allowing him to slowly withdraw it. I was feeling so very naughty and I wanted them all to know. 

I took a bottle of wine and again began topping up glasses, except this time I insisted on sitting on the players lap as I topped up their glass. This seemed quite popular and the guys were getting much louder with their thoughts. I say thoughts because they were revealing exactly what they were thinking.

After a while I stepped away from one player, leaving the wine bottle on the table. Casually I walked around the players eyeing them up. They were all twisting and turning as they watched me walk around the room. I tugged at my apron and pulled it away, revealing pretty much everything.

I was walking around their table, dressed in only a pair of black hold up stockings and high heels. Casually waving the apron around above my head until I tossed it away. I stopped at the door to my room and slowly pushed it shut. I wasn't giving up control of this party, no matter what it took.

I was strutting around the room and taunting the guys. All I wanted was a reaction I could capitalise on. The guys were making a lot of noise now and I was getting hornier by the second.

I was revelling in their attention and doing whatever I had to. The guys were really getting worked up and their usual saucy comments had gone up a couple of notches. 

A few guys were standing and I danced around with them. Gradually more players stood and it was starting to feel like my audience was closing in on me. I don't know why I did it; I just had the urge and went with it. I was at the opposite end of the table to where Brian was sitting when I suddenly crawled onto the table. I was at one end of a table that was around twenty feet long, with nowhere else to go but forward. 

It wasn't that easy as there was still a lot of clutter to climb over. Despite this I moved very, very slowly and was as sexy as I could be. The guys had gone quiet and were clearly enjoying the show. It seemed to take forever to get to the other end and my knees were killing me. I was sure my stockings would be in tatters when I eventually climbed down.

Brian was sat a little way back from the table so I used him to climb down. However my method was a bit strange. I just crawled over him, placing my hands at the tops of his thighs and pressing my naked body against him as I slipped from the table and onto his lap. Brian looked nervous but elated. I had straddled him and sat pressing my body against his for a moment before I slowly climbed off and stepped behind him. 

I danced around Brian for a minute thrusting my hips in his direction, more clumsy than seductive. Someone made a comment and I spun around to face them, rage written across my face. Other players shouted their contempt but the culprit escaped me. The guys knew how far to go and not to try any further.

The thought of stopping never entered my mind and I turned back to the rest of the players sat around the table. I used my hips and ass to nudge Brian from his seat and out of my way. I sensed something going on where the comment had come from but I paid it no more attention. I had a suspect and I believe he was just put in his place by some of the other players, he was quite discrete afterwards.

Having cleared myself some room I placed my hands on the table, pushing the clutter into the centre of the table. I sprawled myself over the table, waving my ass around. Occasionally I rose up, raising my hands to caress my breasts then slowly dropping them to my tiny patch of pubic hair. Scott was sat along the table to my left and I constantly met his gaze. I couldn't help giving him a seductive smile. After a few minutes of this I became less aware of the other players and focused on Scott. 

I had fantasised about this moment several times during my train trip and knew that this is where I would have to make my choice. My husband Alan told me when I first started playing our game, 'you make a decision, stick with it and then learn to live with it'. I learnt to know what he meant; sometimes enjoying myself had left a bitter aftertaste. 

This time there were no decisions to make; I'd already made them, back on that train. I had decided then to let things take their course and I understood what that meant. I knew the players wouldn't pass up the opportunity.

I was still staring at Scott, smiling gently while my eyes beckoned him closer. Slowly I began to bend forward onto the table, resting my stomach onto the cold wood I spread myself out as I watched Scott climb from his chair and head around the table towards me. 

There was a silence around the room and the air bristled with anticipation. Scott ran his fingers down my spine as he pressed his body up behind mine. I tingled from head to toe but was distracted by Scott fumbling with his clothes behind me. I clenched the edges of the table with expectation and then as he pushed his cock into my body I let out a loud rasping moan of pleasure. 

Scott was quickly into his stride, pumping his flesh into my body with long, forceful strokes. I was beginning to gasp and yelped with every stroke. There was no cheering or chanting from the other players, they simply observed. I raised my body from the cold wood and my tits bounced around franticly. Scott was proving to be better than he had been on the coach and certainly as long. I was lathered with sweat as his strokes started to become more erratic and his body started to jerk. A few moments later and Scott released his fluids, filling my pussy with his warm cum. I moaned loudly, almost screaming with pleasure even though I hadn't reached my orgasm. 

Scott massaged my back for a moment before withdrawing but I continued to lie over the table, my body exhausted but my mind racing. 

"Rian, are you OK?" A voice asked.

"That depends," I giggled.

I raised my head up and glanced around at the players surrounding me.

"Are you all finished?"

I caught the expression on Scott's face and he must have been shocked more than anyone. Suddenly the room was filled with chatter and I was grabbed by the waist firmly. I was just turning my head to glance back when his cock was literally rammed inside me causing me to shriek.

I was being picked off the table with every stroke as he pushed his cock as deep as he could. I was howling, his cock filling me over and over again. This was not delicate but forceful sex and he was pulling me in all directions as he thrust my body onto his shaft. 

After only a couple of minutes I was exhausted and it seemed he was too. His body jerked violently and he shot his hot cum into my body. I could feel his cock pulsing for what seemed like ages as he continued to deposit his sperm but I think it is the first time I have ever been glad of a two minute lover. 

He stepped away and I lay face down on the table, panting heavily. I suddenly pushed myself upright from the table and spun around to face him. It was Brian and my jaw dropped. I couldn't help myself and I slapped him hard on the arm.

"Are you crazy? Save some for the second half will you!" I screeched.

Brian looked embarrassed but everyone else burst into laughter at my comment. Brian put a hand on my shoulder as if to apologise and I allowed him a smile. 

I was taking a moment, the sheer strength of Brian had surprised me but hurt a little too. I'd scarcely caught my breath when more hands clasped my hips and began turning me back to the table. I barely put up any resistance as a hand pressed me forward over the table. 

It had become silent as my anonymous lover positioned me. Only when I relented and freely surrendered did the chatter return. I didn't even attempt to glance around as his cock was slipped inside me. My mind seemed to be having a quiet moment all to itself. Everything seemed to be in slow motion as my body began to shake again and his long probes pushed the air from my body.

He never went crazy; maybe he didn't want a slap. His rhythm was steady and it wasn't long before I was writhing around on the table. Our bodies slapped loudly against each other as he thrust harder and harder. My first orgasm of the night hit me like a tidal wave and I screamed unashamedly with pleasure. 

"Cum, cum now I want you to cum." I shrieked. 

He said something but I was making too much noise to hear and a few moments later he released his juices inside me. I collapsed my body back onto the table, my hot breath filling the air around my face. 

Another player was instantly grabbing at my ass as he positioned himself behind me. I was already exhausted but I knew this was far from over. Worst of all, the edge of the table had begun cutting into me and my hips felt red raw. 
