 "Hi, what's your name?"

"Susan, what's yours?"

"Bob. Bobby to my friends."

And that's how it started. Two years later we were married. Boy meets girl, boy and girl fall in love, boy and girl get married. The usual. Well, not exactly. And along the way I learned a lot about myself. A whole lot!

That first time we met, we talked for over an hour. She was with friends at a local bar and grill and I monopolized her time. Nice girl, good looking. Slim, smaller breasts, looked like a fitness advocate. We set up a date for the next Friday.

And that next Friday we were in bed together. Of course we did the usual preliminaries: drinks, pizza, chit chat. But to get to the interesting part, an hour later my cock was in her tight pussy.

Not only was she very attractive, she had a body to match. To me her small boobs were not a disadvantage. I like big boobs when they are encased in a tight top or small bikini. But unleashed, I prefer the perky size. To each his own.

Anyway we did the usual making out on the sofa and then I led her to my bedroom.

"Oh, nice cock, Bob! Really nice. That's going to fill my pussy. This is going to be fun." I had always been proud of my appendage, knowing it was bigger by far than most. 

"How about you eating me a little before you stick it in?"

Sure, I like to eat pussy, especially a bare one like hers. I scooted between her legs and nudged the tip of my tongue between her lips. A few minutes later she was moaning and wiggling. I increased my licking and sucking and was soon rewarded with a fresh burst of her pussy juice.

"Oh, damn, Bob, you really know how to eat pussy! That felt so good. Let me catch my breath and then put that big cock into me."

I guided the head to her still swollen lips and rubbed up and down, getting it covered with her pussy juice. Waiting only a minute, I found her hole and pushed, my cock sliding in half way.

"Oh, my, honey! You are big. Go slowly, let me get used to you. Oh, this is going to be fun!"

I gradually thrust deeper and then set up a steady rhythm, pulling nearly out, then back deep. Her love tunnel was slippery with our combined juices and I knew I wouldn't last much longer.

"How you doing, baby? I'm getting close," I warned.

"Me too. Go for it."

Some rapid thrusts and then I fully embedded myself as I spurted. She responded moments later. We stayed coupled for a minute or two, not wanting to break the bond. As my cock started to shrink, I pulled out. Her pussy was gaping with a little fluid leaking between her lips. She reached down and ran a finger between them and into her hole.

"That was so nice, Bob. Now can I call you Bobby?" she giggled.

We lay side by side for some time.

"Oh, it's getting late! I need to get going. I have a date."

"A date?"

"Yeah, there's this guy I met a couple of months ago. We have gone out several times. Before you and I met we had already agreed to another date. At eight. God, I need to get my ass in gear."

And then she laughed.

"What?" I inquired.

"I think I'm going to go just like this. Won't clean up. Won't that be a surprise, sloppy seconds? I think I'll do it! God, my panties will be soaked by the time we get into bed."

I had never met anyone who was so openly sexual. Suited me fine and we planned on a second date for next weekend. It was a virtual repeat: pussy eating and some good sex. One difference, however, which I though a little unusual.

"Bobby, do you have a digital camera?" she asked as we were undressing.

"Yeah, a pretty good one. Why?"

"Get it out. I want you to take several pictures after you put your cock in me. Get some close-ups of your cock and my pussy. OK?"

"I guess. What will you do with them?" I wasn't totally comfortable with photos of my cock floating around the internet, but then figured there wouldn't be any way for someone to identify me (no face). 

I dipped my tongue into her pussy and spent the next ten minutes slurping away with my tongue and mouth. She wiggled, moaned, bucked, and came with a shout. I was good at pussy eating and it was always nice to have such a satisfied partner.

"OK, now fuck me. But don't forget about the camera. Wait a bit until we're all juicy down there."

I took a number of photos, some with my cock head just between her lips, others with me half-way inside, and several with my cock deep into her pussy. Setting the camera aside I concentrated on giving her a good fuck. Again I was fortunate to time my climax to nearly match hers.

"Got another date tonight?" I asked, remembering last week and the guy who was going to get sloppy seconds.

"No, just you. How about we clean up and go out for a drink and then come back here? I really like fucking you."

"Sure, we can take a shower together. By the way, how did it go with that guy?"

"Fine. I forewarned him that my pussy was fully of cum. Naturally he was plenty surprised and asked how that happened. I gave him the short version of our date. I spread my legs and used my fingers to open my pussy lips. 'See,' I told him.

"He was fascinated that I had already been fucked and got really close to look. Then he put a finger into me. 'Lots of cum in there, huh?' I said. 'You could stick your tongue in and taste.'

"I was really surprised that he actually moved between my legs and started to clean me up. 'Damn, Jim, you're full of surprises. You're doing a great job,' I told him. He stopped after a few minutes and stuck his cock in me."

"So who fucks better, him or me?" I asked, bringing the conversation back.

"Fishing for a compliment? Yeah, you're pretty good," she said with a smile, squeezing my hand.

"Just pretty good?" I was seeking a bigger compliment.

"Yeah, pretty good. I've had better. But you're good and have potential to be great. I just need to do some coaching. And I admit, that cock of yours is wonderful."

I was a little deflated but figured she was purposely laying out a challenge, one I would definitely take up. Back at my place we did a repeat performance.

"How about going out tomorrow night?" she asked.

"What, no other dates?"

"No, my other guys are all busy."

"Other guys?" I knew about that one guy. There were others?

"It can't be a surprise to you by now that I like sex. Good sex and lots of it. I'll show you my photo album when we get back to my place."

It was very upscale condo in a classy area.

"Susan, how can you afford to rent this place? It must cost you a fortune."

"I don't rent. It's mine. Nice isn't it? I looked for quite a while before finding just what I wanted."

"Yeah, but ... "

"Well, I don't make a big deal about it, but my grandfather was very wealthy and set up trust funds for me and my sisters."

There seemed to be more to it than that but it wasn't my place to pry. But fancy car, nice clothes, everything spoke of money. A great deal of money. Interesting.

"I started this album way back and kept it updated ever since." She flipped to a page towards the back, showing two of my pictures. I was flabbergasted. It was a photo album of cocks, and more specifically, cocks in her pussy! God, there were pages and pages of photos, with mine at the end.

She flipped through the pages. Many photos were from a similar perspective, presumably taken by the guy. All sizes of cocks.

"Yeah, I've had some black ones too," she pointed out several photos. "As you can see, they were bigger than most but you are just as big. See?" as she turned the pages and then back again to the last pages. "Here's yours and here's the guy that got your sloppy seconds," she indicated an average sized cock.

"You can see, not as big as you but he uses it well. See how engorged my pussy is? He took that picture just before I came. I would like you to meet him."

I was astounded. It was a fascinated collection, quite suitable for some professor to use in a research project. 

"Lots of cocks, huh? Like I said, I like sex and never date just one guy," she explained as she looked at me. "I guess I'm a slut and try to remember all of them, or at least their most important part. But I haven't done married guys and don't take boyfriends away from other girls. And there have been lots of guys who didn't get me into their beds."

"What about now? Will there be other guys' photos added to your album?"

"Undoubtedly. I mean, you are a great guy. And like I said, you have the makings of being a great lover. And I would like to work on that, but not exclusively. Can you handle that?"

"Uh huh. But I really like fucking you so I want a goodly share of your time - and pussy."

"Fair enough. How about you eating me?" she said as she pulled me into her bedroom.

She came twice, once with my tongue and once with my cock. "Very nice, Bobby. You're getting better at sensing my level of excitement. Are you ready for your first lesson?"

"First lesson?" 

"On your way to greatness, on becoming a stud par excellence. You know, a lover that girls swoon over and drag you into their beds. I guarantee you will get lots of pussy."

"Sure, whatever. OK, what now?"

"I want you to eat my pussy." I looked at her with surprise. "Yeah, I know my pussy's full of your cum. That's the point. I want you to clean me up, eat my creampie, make me come again."

"That's too much to ask," I responded, looking at her swollen pussy with some liquid dribbling out. "Come on, Susan, that's too gay."

"No, it's not. Other guys have done it and you can too. The taste isn't bad and it's your stuff."

She stuck a finger into her hole and then into her mouth. "Tastes like pussy and cum. It's just sex." She stuck her finger back in her pussy. "Come on, be a sport. Taste."

I reluctantly opened my mouth, tasting the juice on her finger. It didn't taste like much, but then again there wasn't much there either.

"Have some more," as she did it again. "Now, honey, get between my legs and taste some more. Come on, Bobby, don't be a wimp."

I shouldn't have done it, but I did. I moved in slow motion between her legs and very tentatively stuck my tongue out to her lips. OK, so far, so I pushed between her lips. She encouraged me to lick up and down.

"Good, Bobby, I knew you would do it. You are such a good lover. Now lick higher, up to my clitoris. Lick it, now back down. Yes, like that."

She reached down and spread her pussy lips with her fingers. "There, now you can go deeper. Stick your tongue into my hole. That's you and me you are tasting. Here, I'm going to push out a little more."

The taste was suddenly stronger. I started to pull away but she held me to her crotch.

"Don't stop, get it all, Bobby. You're doing great. Just a little bit more. Now put your mouth on my pussy and suck out any remaining cum."

She shuddered and pulled my face tightly to her. A fresh burst of her pussy juice filled my mouth. I couldn't breathe for a few seconds and then she released her pressure on my head and I back away.

"Well, Bobby, that was terrific. What did you think?"

"It was all right," I admitted. "But not something I want to do again."

"It was just your first time and you'll get used to it. That really turns me on and I hope we can do it frequently."

****

"Bobby, I have a real treat for you," Susan gushed as I picked her up two weeks later for our date. "Take me back to your place. I want to fuck."

Her wish is my command.

"I brought you a sloppy pussy. It's full of cum from the guy that I met after our first date."

I wasn't expecting that sort of surprise. She hurriedly undressed and laid on the bed, spreading her legs. Her pussy lips were tightly closed.

"I guess they are stuck together," she giggled. "He shoots lots of cum. Here, I'll get them apart so you can stick your cock in."

I was still standing by the bed. "Come on, Bobby, get undressed. Fuck me."

I positioned my cock between her lips and pushed. Her lips had been sticky but her pussy was very lubricated, obviously with cum.

"I feel so squishy. Pull out for a moment, I want to see if there's cum on your cock. Yes, it's there, see? Does it feel weird to have some guy's cum on your cock?"

Yes, it did. But I shoved it back in and proceeded to rapidly thrust.

"Oh, I like that, Bobby. Fuck me hard and add your cum to my hot pussy."

We came within seconds of each other.

"Well, what did you think? Something different, huh?" she asked.

"Yeah, it was ok. You were much slipperier than normal but I don't think I would have guessed it was cum."

"I told him I had to hurry to get home since I had another date and wanted his cum to be fresh. He got a big kick out of knowing some guy was going to stick his cock in his cum."

She reached for her cell phone. "Jim, you ready to pick me up? Yeah, the address I gave you. Hurry over, my pussy is really overflowing now. 

"That's the guy. I told him I wanted him to fuck me again after you did me. So he gets a sloppy pussy with two loads of cum. He's getting lessons too."

She just finished getting dressed when a car pulled up. I laughed to myself as I watched how she walked. It reminded me of someone who just did diarrhea in their shorts. Lots of cum leaking, I guessed.

****

The next step in our sexual adventure was a week later. Susan wanted both of us to fuck her and I agreed. I had never been close to a naked guy before, much less one with an erection. She positioned me on one side of her, the guy on her other side, and fondled our cocks. Mine was somewhat bigger.

"Jim, I want you to fuck me first but eat me some to get me going." 

He scooted between her legs and lapped away. His technique was pretty much the same as mine. Then she told him to fuck her. She guided his cock to her pussy, he pushed in, and they fucked for quite a while. I had to admit that watching them was much more exciting than any porn video I had ever seen. And it was interesting to watch Susan's expressions and body responses as she became more excited. I stroked my cock to keep it ready.

His tempo increased and I notice Susan's pussy became engorged and foamy liquid was coating his cock. She began to hump back on each thrust and a minute later he shoved deep into her pussy, filling her with his cum. Afterward they stayed coupled for a moment.

"Very nice, Jim," she complemented as he pulled his cock out of her pussy. "Now, Bobby, your turn. Do me doggy," and rolled onto her tummy.

I rubbed my cock head between her lips to get it to maximum hardness and coated with her juices. Her pussy was gaping and engorged like before and I had no trouble pushing into her. Cum squished out as I thrust away. The other guy propped himself up on the bed and watched. I knew in that position he would get a good view of my cock and I didn't mind showing off.

She did lots of wiggling and I had to hold her hips to stay inside. "I'm coming," I warned much sooner than expected.

"Oh, I'm not ready yet. Try to keep going, Bobby." Too late, I shoved deep and spurted several times.

"Damn, I was almost there. Jim, eat my pussy," as she turned over onto her back. Jim scrambled between her legs and lapped away. Susan came a few minutes later.

"Thanks, Jim. You are a good pussy eater and a good fucker too," she exclaimed as she sat up and kissed him. "Oh, you taste like cum. Better rinse out your mouth."

He got up, quickly dressed and left, leaving her and me in my bed.

"Well, that was fun, don't you think?" she asked as she swung a leg over me, mashing her squishy pussy against me.

"Yeah, sorry for coming so quickly. That caught me by surprise," I was apologetic.

"You didn't last very long but that was your first time in a threesome. Too exciting for you, I guess, but Jim saved the day. He's a really good pussy eater, isn't he?"

"Has he don't that before, eaten you after another guy fucked you?" I asked, still amazed.

"Only once before, that last time after he picked me up, you know, when I brought you my sloppy pussy and you fucked me. It's really not all that different from what you did. Eating creampie, I mean."

"That was my cum, Susan, not some other guy's. To me that's a big difference."

"Well, suit yourself. All cum is pretty much the same, especially when mixed with pussy juice. Maybe sometime I can get you to try it. Think of it as another lesson. Oh, Jim also likes to play with guys."

"Really? He doesn't seem the type and he sure liked fucking you."

"Oh yeah, he is really good at it as you saw. But he likes to fuck guys and likes a cock up the ass from time to time."

"Really! How do you know that?"

"Sometimes when I have two guys in bed that are so inclined, I encourage them to do some playing. One time he fucked the other guy while that guy fucked me. That was wild, as you can imagine. Not very practical, however, and they never got synchronized. I also like to watch him suck cock."

"You're shitting me. You encouraged two guys to go at it?"

"Sure, why not, if they want to. It's fun watching. Come on, Bobby, I know you were turned on watching him fuck me. That's why you came so quickly when you stuck your cock into me. And besides, I only pick guys who will fuck me too so I get my share. I believe that all sex is fun, if the participants are willing. By the way, Jim wanted to know if he could play with you, maybe suck your cock or you do him."

"Huh? He would have done that? No way, and I'm sure glad he didn't try."

"Well, I told him you weren't ready for that. But he thinks you are hot. He said he likes big cocks."

****

We had a lunch date Saturday at the Pavilion.

"Jill, this is Bobby, a good friend of mine. You've heard me talk about him."

"Oh, yes. Really nice to finally meet you. Susan says you are a really fun guy. And even better looking than she described."

"I think she's great too. Susan said you are best of friends and go back a long way." I couldn't help but stare. Her friend was a ravishing blond.

"Yes, we are as close as sisters, maybe closer," Jill looked at Susan and grinned.

Up to that point I didn't know much about Susan's early days and Jill filled me in. 

"Best friends all through prep school, then roommates at Wellesley. Our parents are business associates as well."

"Jill's too modest to say, but she should also add 'lovers'," Susan volunteered as Jill blushed. "For many years. We also share guys."

I didn't know how to respond.

Susan burst out laughing and Jill joined her. "Information overload? God, Bobby, by now you should expect the unexpected from me. Jill is my roommate and we do everything together, and I do mean everything. Tell him, Jill."

Jill had gotten over her momentary embarrassment and said that they began experimenting years ago. Then boys came along and they usually double-dated, sharing cocks.

"You know how much I like cock, Bobby. Let me tell you, Jill may seem a little more reserved but she's a tiger in bed," she boasted as Jill blushed some more.

"Anyway, I wanted you guys to meet so the three of us could have fun together. Would that be ok with you?" she asked, placing her hand on my crotch to make sure I got the message.

"I would like that as well," I dutifully responded.

She squeezed the bulge in my jeans. "Don't act so excited. How about this evening? At our cabin."

"Cabin?"

"We have a family cabin in the Blue Ridge Mountains. About a two-hour drive from here. Pick us up at four. That would get us there before dark. And bring stuff so you can stay the weekend."

"Sure."

I must be dreaming. A girl who loves to fuck, her best friend, gorgeous to boot, and a weekend together. I'm sure glad I didn't do any jerking off the last couple of days. I think I'm going to need everything I got. Better get my tongue warmed up too. 

I wonder what their cabin is like. I would normally expect a tiny place in the woods. But having seen Susan's place and car and learned about the family money, I upped my expectations, but not enough.
