 A couple of days later I was in bed with them and a new guy. He was really young, Susan said just eighteen. She took his virginity the prior week.

"Bruce, you are going to fuck my friend Jill and my boyfriend is going to do me. Then I want you to eat my pussy. Will you do that?"

"I don't know how, I've never done that before."

"I'll show you, don't worry. But first I want you to watch my boyfriend fuck me. Watch how a guy with experience does it."

If I do say so myself, I put on a splendid demonstration for this kid. I held my cock at her pussy and moved it up and down between her lips. Each time that my slippery cock head nudged her clitoris she shivered just a bit. And each time the head passed by her hole, it entered slightly, just enough to be a tease. As I continued, each time it went a bit deeper.

Susan gripped my ass and pulled me towards her, wanting me to go deeper. Instead I rubbed my cock head back and forth on her clitoris. 

"Oh, Bobby. You bastard! I need your cock. Come on, fuck me!"

One deep thrust and I was inside her hot tunnel. Within minutes she was moaning and panting. I love fucking her tight pussy and my cock reached maximum hardness as it thrust into her. A few minutes later we came almost simultaneously. 

Afterwards Susan and I watched as Jill guided the inexperienced boy to her pussy. His big cock was hard as a rock as he probed away. Suddenly he found the spot and shoved in. 

"Easy, big boy. We have all the time in the world. If you go too fast the girl won't be ready. Now slow down and enjoy."

In spite of her coaching he continued to rapidly thrust away. A few minutes later he got all excited and shoved deep into her pussy. We knew he was coming and Jill, naturally, was nowhere ready.

"Bobby, come over here," Jill asked me. "I haven't cum, he was too quick on the trigger and you need to finish me off. Too bad your cock isn't ready but you can eat my pussy. Bruce, watch how he does it."

Oh, my first big challenge along the road to matrimony. I had just cum and now eating creampie didn't seem like fun. And, besides, this creampie wasn't mine. Tasting some guy's cum was a pretty big step. I knew Susan had been leading up to this but now that the situation presented itself, I had to make a decision. Do I or don't I?"

"Come on, Bobby," Jill implored. "I need your tongue really bad."

"Do it, honey. I want to watch."

I moved between Jill's spread legs and dipped my tongue into her swollen pussy. I had to admit that this kid's cum tasted about like mine and soon I refocused on giving Jill a good time. Which I did. Meanwhile Susan was playing with the boy's cock. As soon as it was hard she positioned it at her hole and he pushed into her. She reached for my hand, squeezing it with each thrust. 

She coached him on technique and this time he seemed to pay some attention. Meanwhile I licked and sucked his cum from Jill's pussy. Once I got going it wasn't bad at all and I brought her to a good climax. We then sat up in the bed to watch this kid go at my girlfriend's pussy. Having cum just a few minutes earlier, he was less frantic in his fucking. Susan's pussy was making sucking sounds with each stroke of his big cock.

"Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Oh, baby, that feels so good."

With her verbal encouragement he redoubled his thrusting. Creamy foam coated her pussy lips and his cock. He was like a machine, pounding away. I was mesmerized as his glistening cock rammed into my girl. I suppose I should have been jealous that he was using her pussy and that she was enjoying this so much. Once he pulled out too far, his cock slipping out, exposing Susan's gaping hole. I had to admit it, this 18-year old kid had stamina. Her pussy was swollen and red and she was getting really close now.

"Fuck me deep. Give me all of your big cock. Oh ... Oh ... Oh, damn, Oh..."

She shuddered with a powerful climax, causing him to shoot his cum deep into her. We counted six spurts. "Not bad for his second time", Jill remarked. 

He started to withdraw but she grabbed his ass. "Stay in me. Stay deep." They stayed coupled for another minute before he pulled out, leaving her pussy red and swollen from the heavy pounding. 

"Very good, Bruce. You made me cum with that beautiful cock of yours. Congratulations! And that was your first sloppy-seconds fuck. Now I want you to watch as my boyfriend eats my pussy. Honey, my pussy is now overflowing with double dose of cum. Give him another demonstration and clean me up."

Having just tasted him from Jill's pussy, I didn't see any reason now to object to a second helping via Susan. And truth be known I did want to show off in front of this kid, especially after he did such a good job of fucking my girlfriend. My ego was bruised. 

Turning to the boy, Susan explained: "Girls love guys who eat pussy and my boyfriend is really good at it. You saw him lick up all the cum you squirted into Jill. That's called eating creampie. Now I want him to do me and then I want you to try."

I moved between her legs, getting a close-up view of her swollen pussy. I spread her glistening lips, exposing a vagina that was still gaping from our two cocks. Some creamy cum was already seeping from her hole. Scooting closer, I dipped my tongue into her hole, tasting the kid's cum. I continued for several minutes and then she pushed my head away. "Bruce, come over here and take his place. Do what he was doing."

As Susan's young plaything began, Jill reached over and stroked my still limp cock. It was getting half-hard now but not good enough. She scooted down and took it into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head. She continued for some minutes before I was ready.

"You ready to be fucked by an expert?" I bragged.

"Oh, yes, baby. I want your big cock. And thanks for eating my creampie, that was a pleasant surprise. Your first with someone else's cum?"

"Yeah, well Susan's been really working on me to try it. I guess it's going to be something I'll have to do from time to time. So you liked it?"

"God, yes. Only a couple of guys I've had would do even their own creampie and never another guy's. You are amazing. You know, the absolute best would be if some guy fucks me, then you, and then you eat me. Like you just did with Susan. How about we do that next opportunity?"

"I guess, if that's what you and Susan want. How about now, after I fill your tight pussy with my cock?"

The kid lay on his side next to Susan, idly stroking his limp cock as I fucked Jill. As it became half-hard he took Susan's hand and put it on his cock. She massaged it to full hardness. Damn, he was ready again.

"I'm getting on top," she hissed. Positioning herself, I watched as she lowered onto his rigid cock, taking it deep. She rocked back and forth, his big cock smoothly sliding in and out.

Meanwhile I was doing Jill doggy, alternating long, deep strokes with shorter, rapid thrusts. I pulled mostly out of her pussy and fucked her with just my cock head. I normally would have come way too soon doing that. But having climaxed once I thought I could take my time. But sooner than I expected I exploded, spurted several times. I pulled out, my cock coated with cum, even more leaking from her. I was disappointed that she hadn't climaxed so I quickly licked between her lips. And then I finger-fucked her as I tongued her clitoris. 

"Oh, honey, god, that feels so good." Sensing she was close, I put my mouth on her pussy, kissing and sucking. She mashed my face into her crotch as she exploded.

"Oh, that was super," she exclaimed after a moment to compose herself. 

I moved to her side and watched as Susan continued to rock back and forth on her new friend's big cock. I was fascinated by the smooth motion as it slid in and out from between her swollen lips. "I'm coming," he shouted. "Oh, here it comes." Susan mashed down onto his crotch, taking his cum deep into her pussy. They stayed coupled for a minute, both out of breath.

"Very nice, Bruce. That was a really good fuck, one of the best! Did you like it?"

"Oh, yeah. That was awesome." 

****

Susan moved on from Jim and Bruce. Good. Her latest stud was a 20-year old that she met at Starbucks. She attracted guys like moths to a light. She asked me if it would be ok for him to join us. I took that as a positive sign of our new relationship since she had never asked before.

"Sure, if that's what you want. Do you know anything about the guy?"

"We talked at length, I think I freaked him out by being so direct about sex. Unless he's bull-shitting, he's pretty experienced with the girls. One other thing, Bobby. You remember we talked about you loosening up?"

"You mean, doing things with a guy, like sucking cock? Yeah, I remember."

"I think he's a good one to try, if you don't chicken out. He admitted, after some probing, to having sex with his roommate. Sucking and fucking when they didn't have dates. But mostly, he says, he likes girls. So what do you think?"

"I'd rather not. This is something you really want to do?"

"Yes. You've now tasted other guys a few times when you ate creampie. It wasn't much different than when it was just yours, was it? Come on, admit it."

"No, it really wasn't, just juicer pussy. So what would you have me do?"

"I want him to suck your cock, get you hard and you cum in his mouth, and then you suck him. Afterwards you both fuck me. Please do this for me."

"Why is this so important?"

"I told you, before I met you I had two guys in my bed, and they sucked each other. It really turned me on. I actually joined in for a few moments before letting them resume. How is that any different than what Jill and I do? I know that turns you on, so this is my turn-on." 

"Well, maybe."

"Please, honey, I really want you to do it. I've got it set up for Thursday night at my place. Come over about seven."

It later occurred to me that she already set it up before I halfway agreed. She knew all along I would cave. She correctly pointed out that I had tasted creampie cum and it was ok. I was being molded into some kind of versatile sexual guy. A guy who fucks, eats pussy and creampie, and soon, sucks cock. 

She wants me as her husband. That part sure ain't bad. She's the best looking girl I've ever dated. Great piece of ass, not to mention her very sexy friend. And don't forget that nice trust fund. I wonder how big it is? OK, I decided, I'll do it. And I can't make it seem like I'm doing it under protest. 

****

Glad you got here a little early, Bobby. He should be along momentarily. Did you decide to play along?"

"Yeah, it's what you want and I want to totally satisfy you. Afterwards we fuck, right?"

"How about I let him fuck me first, then you can have sloppy seconds? Or would you rather go first?"

"I want to watch. It turns me on to see some guy's big cock stretching your pussy."

"Good boy. Oh, that's him at the door."

She made introductions. The guy was extremely nervous. Susan explained that she wanted him to suck my cock and then I would do him. And afterwards he would get to fuck her.

"Is that all right, Stan? Please don't be nervous, you are going to have a great time. And my guy hasn't ever done this before. Well, let's get started. Take off your clothes."

My cock popped out hard as a rock. I guess this was a turn-on after all.

"That's a really big cock," Stan said, taking it in his hand. "I won't be able to get very much into my mouth," he apologized.

'That's ok," Susan replied. "Just do what you can."

Stan licked and sucked for several minutes. It felt pretty good but I wasn't anywhere close to coming. Finally I asked him to stop.

"OK, Bobby, your turn."

I held his cock in my hand, the first one I had ever touched. OK, in for a penny, in for a dollar, as the old saying goes. I grabbed it and pulled it towards me, the head already leaking with pre-cum. I tentatively licked the pre-cum and then the head. Still holding his cock, I took the head into my mouth. Knowing what I liked when Susan sucked me, I swirled my tongue around the head. More pre-cum was leaking as I toyed with his cock. Then, feeling emboldened, I fucked my mouth with the head, taking it in and out.

"Oh, good going, Bobby! You are doing super. Oh, that is so sexy!"

With that encouragement I slid my mouth past the head, wondering how deep I could take it. About three inches, I decided. Stan gently moved back and forth as I clamped my lips around the shaft. After several minutes my mouth was getting a little tired and I pulled away from him.

"Just a little longer, Bobby. I'm getting close."

"Yeah, honey, let him cum in your mouth. You know that's the best."

He resumed and held the back of my head as his cock slid in and out. And then he suddenly pushed to the back of my throat, making me gag. Moments later I tasted warm cum as I continued to gag.

"Oh, that was good, very good. Just as good as my roommate. That was your first time? You are a natural. Thanks," he said as he moved to the chair.

Susan was all smiles as I stuck out my cum-coated tongue at her. That's when I noticed the camera. Jill was taking video. 

"You haven't come yet, honey, so you fuck me first and that will give his cock time to get ready again." She turned on her tummy, inviting me to do her doggy.

Needing no further invitation, I lined up my cock and quickly embedded myself into her tight pussy. I fucked her more forcefully than normal. As with the last guy, I wanted to show off my expertise. 

Holding her hips, I withdrew almost completely, leaving just my cock head between her lips. And then smoothly pushed deep, fully embedded myself into her hot pussy. Then back out, just the head barely splitting her lips, and then deep again as foamy fluid coated my hard cock. Then on each stroke I now withdrew my cock completely. Her pussy momentarily remained obscenely open and I easily plunged back in. All eight inches of hard cock. Susan grunted as I pounded away, meeting each thrust with her hips. I didn't worry that I would finish too quickly since this guy would be next. 

Moments later I shoved deep, pulling her hips to me as my hot cum exploded within her. I pulled out, my cock still hard and red, and the guy quickly straddled her, pushing into her gaping pussy. The same cock that I had sucked just a few minutes ago was now thrusting into my girl. He used my mouth as a pussy, now he was using her pussy.

He was very good and Susan was responding. I felt a momentary twinge of jealousy as she grabbed his ass and pulled him close. She humped back, meeting each thrust. They were as one, joined by a hard shaft, the tempo gradually increasing. 

He rolled them over, putting her on top. Susan now rocked back and forth, his cock sliding in and out. She would drop down, mashing her pussy against his crotch, then lift up, his cock nearly sliding out, then back down. In and out they continued, his big cock slippery with their juices mating with her engorged pussy. I scooted closer to get a better view.

"Oh, baby, so good. Keep going. I love your cock. Oh ...," she gasped.

Minutes later, she pressed down, holding him tightly in her love tunnel. Her eyes glistened with passion as she reached a huge climax. Moments later he shoved his hips upward, holding her in place as he filled her up. They lay together, still coupled, sweaty with exertion. Finally Susan lifted off him, her pussy making a sucking sound as his cock pulled out. 

Susan looked at me with glazed eyes. "That was the best fuck I have ever had!" She turned to the guy. "Thanks. And thanks for breaking in my boyfriend. You are so talented. 

"Now, honey, do it."

I knew what she wanted and moved between her legs. She spread her swollen lips and I eagerly licked up the visible cream. Several times she pushed, more cum coming each time. God, this guy really pumped her full. 

A few minutes later he was dressed and out the door.

"That wasn't so bad, was it?" Susan asked after we were alone.

"You mean me sucking his cock? Well, it wasn't much of a turn-on. You noticed, I didn't cum, wasn't even close."

"Well, you were just nervous. But you did a great job sucking him. I laughed when you stuck out your tongue with cum on it. Jill got lots of video. Here, let me show you."

She held her phone so we both could watch. My cock-sucking was certainly graphic, capped off with my idiotic tongue sticking out. I wondered if this was more a matter of control, Susan's desire for me to accede to her wishes. When, or if, we got married, who would wear the pants?

"He really did a great job fucking me, honey. I enjoyed it a lot. I think you could pick up some pointers."

I suppose. This was the second guy she really liked. My ego was injured but I did have to admit that he did get Susan really going. I plan to watch that video.

She saw my wry expression. "Hey, honey, it's just sex. You know that. You know big cocks get me going. Him and Bruce. And they used them very well. Well, maybe not so much Bruce, but he made up for it with enthusiasm. But, honeybuns, no one has a better cock than you."

The next several weeks were idyllic. Susan brought some new guys to our bed and I sucked cock and ate creampie. After that first time it didn't seem to be such a big deal. But mostly I was in a threesome with her and Jill. We twice went to the cabin. 

"Bobby, we haven't talked more about it, but what about getting married? I think we would make a fine pair."

I was ready. We told our parents and made plans. Susan and her parents insisted on a big wedding. Given their social positions, this was important to them. I didn't mind. Afterwards we went directly to the airport to join our cruise. Susan and me - oh, and also Jill.

"There are only two other suites on this level. I like the privacy," I responded, thinking about how two girls and one guy in a cabin would look.

Susan laughed. "Yeah, I saw the porters and room stewards check out Jill and me and then eyeball you. That's why I told the butler that we were on our honeymoon!"

We no sooner settled in our cabin suite and off went our clothes. 

"Now you have your work cut out for you. We are both really horny, right Jill? No sex since before the wedding. Since a wife has privileges I get him first."

After giving my wife a series of butterfly kisses, I licked my way down her sexy body. Reaching her pussy, I nudged her lips apart and commenced to use my tongue as a little cock. We were so good together and I could easily sense when she was ready. I placed my mouth on her pussy to drink in her burst of pussy juice. As I lifted my head, Jill laughed.

"What?" Susan asked.

"Sorry, it's just that Bobby's face is totally wet from your pussy."

I rubbed my cock up and down her slit and massaged her clitoris with the head. Then I teased by pushing the head slightly into her pussy, then back out. After a minute of this action she turned over and I fucked her in the doggy position. We both came together. I noticed that Jill was close at hand with that damn video camera.

"Smile, Bobby. I'm recording your first fuck of your new wife. You guys will just love watching this."

Susan turned onto her back, bending her knees and spreading. Jill zoomed in on her swollen and gaping pussy. "Spread your lips," she directed. "Push out some cum. Oh, splendid. So very sexy. Bobby, come on, don't let it go to waste."

I positioned myself again between her legs. By this time in our relationship I had eaten her creampie many times and loved doing it. I sensed Jill getting video close-ups as Susan spread her lips and pushed out more cum. Within minutes my wife had her third climax. We were so compatible.

Posturing for the camera, Susan announced: "Great job, my new husband. Now I want you to eat my girlfriend's pussy and then fuck her with that big cock of yours. You'll do that for me, won't you? She's so horny and needs relief. I'll do the camera."
