 Helping Move to College. A True Story. (names have been changed by request of the girl I helped move)

It all started like any other day, I was sitting around wasting time on my computer on a day off while my fiance went out with her mom for the day, when my phone started ringing.

"Hello?"

"Hey Danny, it's Sarah, is Elizabeth there?"

"No, she's out with her mom and she forgot to take her phone with her."

"Damn, well hey I'll just ask you then, are you busy today?"

"No, not really, whatcha need?"

"Well today is move-in day at the college dorms and I need some help moving all my stuff to my room, I was wondering if you and Elizabeth could come help out?"

I thought about it for a second, "Well, Elizabeth said she'd be gone until late tonight so she probably can't, but I'm just screwing around online today so I'm free if you want."

"Yeah sure, I'd appreciate any help I can get, Chris can't get off work today and neither can my parents, so it's just me today."

"Yup that sounds about par for the course." I said, laughing. Sarah was my fiance's, Elizabeth, good friend and one of her bridesmaids. Chris was Sarah's boyfriend and was never around when she needed any sort of help, and from conversations I'd been overhearing between her and Elizabeth, the relationship was heading downhill in many ways. "Yeah I can come be slave labor for the day I suppose, I don't get out of the house enough anyway, I'll head over to the dorms now."

"Thanks a lot Danny, I owe you."

So I got dressed and hopped in my car to head to the college dorms about 30 minutes away. I was going to the same school so I knew how much space the dorms had, and I just knew Sarah was going to have enough crap to fill most of that space. But, as I had told her, I never get out of the house anymore and I needed to get out and do something, even if it was just helping a friend move.

I got to the dorms and found her car in the back lot, closest to her dorm room, and parked next to her car.

"Hey Sarah, good to see you again." I said as I got out of the car. We were old friends from high school and were in marching band together.

She got out of her car and smiled. "Good to see you too hon, thanks again for coming to help, you probably know how much stuff I've got."

"Yeah, I figured I had my work cut out for me today, but at least I'm out of the house for once."

She laughed at that, she knew how little I was able to get out of the house because of Elizabeth, work, and school. She turned around and leaned over to pop open her car's trunk, and I took the rare opportunity to look over another woman. Sarah had always been in fairly good shape, not super-trim or anything, but just enough meat on her to my liking, I never liked skinny women, I prefer a woman who doesn't focus religiously on her looks and is just herself. Sarah had wide hips, a well-rounded rear, and beautiful double-D breasts. I had always admired her body, and once again I found myself almost wishing I had been able to go out with her back in high school. I had tried, but she never showed any interest beyond being friends, so I accepted her friendship and stopped hoping for more.

"Alright," she said, turning around and moving to the trunk, "grab my computer out of the trunk to start I guess, then we'll start moving the rest up after that."

I grabbed all her computer stuff and starting walking to her dorm room, knowing she'd make me set up her computer and make sure it was working before I could leave. I was surprised when I saw that she had a single-bedroom dorm, most of the dorms were four-bedrooms that you had to share with roommates. "How did you manage to get such a nice room, aren't these hard to get?"

She just smiled her 'dirty little secret' smile I'd seen her use very rarely and said "I went to the registrar's office, took off my top and bra, then gave him a blowjob, that's all."

I rolled my eyes, not truly surprised. "So an old man's dick was worth a better room to you?"

"Hell yes, especially given how little action I've gotten lately, the room was just an added bonus."

Now THAT surprised me, "How little action? You mean you and Chris don't do anything?'

"Not for the past six months, no. That asshole is always too busy for me, and I'm pretty sure he's cheating on me."

"What makes you say that? He doesn't seem the type."

"I got on his cell one night and checked his voicemails and found a message from some bitch named Trish asking when he wants to go have another date and not to bother bringing any more condoms because she was back on birth control."

I was shocked, Chris had never been that kind of guy when I knew him during school. All I could say was "Holy shit, I'm so sorry."

"Don't be," she said, the smile gone from her face. "That asshole doesn't know what he's losing."

"Is there anything I could do maybe? I'd go talk to him if you wanted."

She just frowned, "No, just help me finish moving in please."

The next two hours were spent in an uncomfortable silence while we finished bringing in and arranging the last of her things. As I brought in the last box, she walked over to me.

"Would you mind setting up my computer before you go, please?"

"Yeah sure, I figured I'd have to."

It took me 20 minutes to untangle all the wires and cords for her computer equipment, but once that was done I started hooking everything up. I crawled under the desk to hook in some wires when I heard her walk up behind me.

"Hey Danny, could you help me with something else real fast, I can't do it alone."

Sighing quietly so she couldn't hear me, I spoke up "Yeah one second, need to get out from under here, it'll take me a seco—what the?!"

Sarah had grabbed hold of the rim of my shorts and yanked them down as hard as she could, getting my shorts and underwear down around my ankles. I rolled over and was about to ask what the hell she was doing, but then stopped, breathless. Sarah was on her hands and knees, crawling forward while straddling me, completely naked. Her gorgeous breasts rubbed across me as she moved over me, that wicked little grin on her face again. She leaned down, her face coming towards mine, whispering "Just lay back, I need this and I know you've wanted it." Then she kissed me, locking her lips to mine hungrily. I was at a loss and couldn't decide whether I wanted to let her keep going or if I should push her off before things went any farther. But then she made that decision herself as she grabbed my dick and pushed herself down onto it, taking me inside her to the hilt.

I moaned into her mouth as she started rotating her hips, moving me around inside of her, never once taking her lips from mine and thrusting her tongue into my mouth as I started responding to her. I started slowly thrusting my hips up into her and let my tongue into her mouth. After a few minutes of kissing and grinding, she broke the kiss and smiled at me, sitting up while keeping me inside her.

"I've needed this for a while now, and once I get worked up, I don't let up until I get what I'm after..." She grinned as she lifted herself a few inches, then slammed herself back down, sending my dick deep inside of her, a small moan escaping her mouth as her grin grew wider, "and by the look of things I don't think you want to argue with the results any more than I do."

I just grinned back at her as she started slowly sliding up and down my cock, "You know that I've always wanted to fuck you, Sarah. But you could've done this a little sooner instead of making me cheat on my fiance with her bridesmaid."

"I know," she moaned, riding me faster and faster with each thrust. "I actually wanted to do this before now, but you had started going out with Elizabeth and so I didn't try, now though..." she slammed down hard again, then started bouncing faster and faster on top of me, riding me hard, "I..ooooh...I think you and me will have to do this regularly, Chris never felt this good inside of me." She laughed and then moaned loudly, "Of course, he wasn't..oh god..yes yes yes..uh..as big as you either!"

Her moans got louder and louder as she neared her climax. I grabbed onto her hips and pulled her down onto me harder while at the same time I thrust my hips up to meet her as hard as I could. Her eyes opened wide and her moans turned into screams as our hips slammed together fast and hard, making loud slapping sounds. I groaned loudly as I felt myself getting ready to come.

"I'm cumming Sarah!" I yelled as I slammed myself as deep as I could inside of her. I felt my sperm rush up my shaft and explode inside of her, coating her insides with my load. She screamed again as I filled her, and I felt her vaginal muscles grip me tighter and felt her body shudder as her orgasm ripped through her, her back arched, eyes closed, and mouth wide open as she screamed her pleasure.

She fell forward, laying on top of me trying to catch her breath. I could feel our combined fluids flowing out of her and down my shaft and groin, soaking into the carpet under us. I rolled us over and knelt between her legs, then started slowly thrusting into her again.

"Oh god Danny!" she said, gasping and biting her bottom lip, "You're still hard?!"

"It takes more than cumming once to tire me out," I said as I thrust harder and harder into her, making her breasts start to bounce in rhythm with my thrusts, "and if I'm going to cheat on my fiance, I intend to make it last as long as I can."

Her head started rolling from side to side as she moaned loudly, "Oh yes, give it to me! I've never felt this good with Chris, he's long but he just isn't as BIG as you are, you feel so amazing inside me, Danny!"

I grinned as I kept thrusting inside of her. My dick isn't as long as Chris', I'd seen it once in high school when I'd walked into a bathroom and heard sucking sounds. It was coming from the corner stall, so I quietly went to the one next to it and looked over the wall, only to see Sarah on her knees sucking Chris' dick. It was a narrow shaft about nine inches long, and Sarah was taking it down her throat completely, her mouth running his full length as she slipped from the tip all the way to the base over and over, deep-throating him. I'd never told them that I'd caught them, and I'd fantasized that it was me Sarah was sucking off many times since then. But where I lacked Chris' length, I am about eight inches long, I was much thicker than him, almost two inches wide.

I picked up my pace and soon we were fucking as hard and fast as we had been minutes earlier. Sarah was writhing under me, breasts bouncing wildly to my thrusts, moaning and screaming as I pounded her, stretching her wide. Then an idea came to me, and I thrust hard into her a few more times then pulled out of her.

"Oh please, keep going, don't stop!" Sarah moaned, trying to move her hips closer and take me back inside her.

I just grinned and laid my dick across her pussy, "Is there anything else you'd like me to do with this, Sarah?" I asked her in a low voice, sliding my dick downwards across her pussy, the head penetrating her an inch or so, then sliding out and down.

Her eyes widened a little as she realized what I was suggesting, then she nodded. "Do it," she said flatly, her eyes never leaving my dick. "I never let Chris do that to me, I want you to have what he never did."

I nodded and pushed forward, the head of my penis popping an inch into her ass. Sarah gasped and groaned as I slid out, then pushed in a little deeper, adding one inch per thrust. On the fourth thrust, with me about halfway inside her ass, some of our cum seeped out of her pussy and slid down her crack to my dick. I rubbed it across my dick to use for lubrication and then thrust the last half of my dick deep into her rear. Sarah gasped loudly and was grinding her teeth, lightly rotating her hips until she adjusted to me being inside her ass. After a minute or so, she sighed and nodded to me, and I started sliding in and out slowly, picking up speed with each thrust until we had a good pace going.

A few minutes later I felt the cum rising again and picked up the pace, pounding her ass in a hard, steady rhythm. "I'm gonna cum Sarah, are you ready?"

"Fill my ass, Danny! Please don't stop just fuck me and cum!"

I grinned at her, then groaned as I started shooting wads of cum into her ass, still thrusting while I filled her ass with my sperm. I could feel my warm cum spreading around my dick as I kept fucking her, her moans loud as she came with me, soaking us both with her pussy juices. I had just finished cumming when all of a sudden my phone started ringing. I reached down to my shorts and fished out my phone while still fucking Sarah's ass, my dick still as hard as ever.

I answered the phone, struggling to keep my breathing and voice normal, "Hello?"

"Hey love, it's me," Elizabeth said, "just calling to see how you are doing."

I looked down at Sarah, sliding my dick out of her ass and back into her pussy. "Pretty good, Sarah called and asked me to help her move into her dorm today, so I'm over here hooking up her computer right now."

"Oh cool, I'm about to go to dinner with my mom then I'll head over there."

"Well, it's a bit of a mess over here right now, I'm just hooking up Sarah's computer then we were going to hit a bar so she could buy me a drink to thank me for helping." I said, knowing that she didn't like going to bars. I felt Sarah shift under me, and I looked at her again as she crawled out from under me and grabbed my hand, pulling me over to her computer chair.

"Oh," she said, "well then I guess I'll see you when you get home then." Sarah grabbed onto my dick as I talked to Elizabeth and took me into her mouth, sucking and lightly moaning, staying quiet enough that Elizabeth couldn't hear us.

"Yeah I'll see you there." I said, trying to keep my voice even as Sarah took my dick completely into her mouth and throat, her face buried in my groin, moaning lowly so that her mouth and throat vibrated along my entire length as her tongue worked all over. "I've gotta go, I love you."

"Love you too, bye."

I hung up then dropped the phone, moaning as Sarah worked my entire shaft with an expert touch I'd only seen her use on Chris that one day I caught them in the bathroom. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning loudly and forcefully, her lips, mouth, and throat vibrating strongly against the entire length of my dick, I'd never had a blowjob this good before, Sarah definitely knew exactly what she was doing.

"Oh god Sarah, I'm gonna cum again..." I told her, groaning. I'd never had a girl that could make me cum twice in a few minutes, let alone three times, I was in heaven, and the fact that I was doing this with my wife's bridesmaid just made it feel all the more erotic.

"Mmmmm.." Sarah moaned, looking right into my eyes as she took my entire length down her throat to the hilt again and kept me there, her tongue working furiously as she moaned and sucked, trying to milk my cum out of me, and I was more than happy to oblige her. I leaned back and groaned loudly as I felt my cum rising one last time, flowing down my shaft in into her eager and hungry mouth. She moaned when she tasted my cum as I shot my load down her throat, and sucked even harder, making sure to get every drop of sperm I could give her and swallowing every last drop.

"Sarah, that was amazing." I said, slouching into the chair and sighing contentedly.

"After the amazing fucks you gave me, I felt I needed to give you something back." She said with that wicked grin on her face again. "I'll do that any time you want, as long as we keep what happened today and," she stroked my dick, softening finally but still fairly stiff, "what will keep happening just between us. Agreed?"

"You've got yourself a deal, babe." I said, returning her grin. I knew that what we had just done, and what we had just agreed would continue happening, likely often, was wrong, but I really didn't give a damn. She was by far the best sexual experience I'd ever had and I had no intention of saying no to her if she wanted to do it regularly, especially with us both going to the same college and her dorm room minutes from our classes.

It was already looking to be a great semester...