 It started off innocently enough. My wife and I had visited friends for brunch. However the engagement turned out to be much longer than either of us had expected. The casual conversation ended up turning to business and almost instantly both my wife and I became board and distant. 

I know my friends noticed that I was clockwatching- but I really couldn’t help it. This was no way to spend a Saturday afternoon. Funny thing happened though; just when I thought I couldn’t take anymore of this something happened that took my mind off the crappy conversation that was going on. 

I guess my wife had, had enough of it also because she had reached under the dining room table and started to caress my thigh. 

My 24-year-old wife Sandy had always been the adventurous one. To describe her most distinguishable personality trait I would have to say risk-taker. I think it got her off by having sex in places where she might get caught. However, she did exercise extreme caution while doing so. For example, if she decided she wanted to fuck outside, it would be at night behind our fenced backyard. Or if she were feeling more amorous it would be in a public restroom behind a locked stall.

We were always very open when it came to discussing sex. I think we had discussed every fantasy known to man. The topic of group sex came up once or twice but neither one of us were too interested. She said she loved me too much and I said that she was enough for me. But I must add, she was a flirt through and through. 

Sometimes when we went out she would accept a guy’s invitation to dance and I would watch as she slid her hands seductively over his back while she stared longingly into her partner’s eyes. Sometimes I would even get a bit jealous but logic always won out. I knew after the dance was over she would return to me, we would go home and then fuck each others brains out.

Sandy brushed her long red hair away from her eyes and then winked at me as our friend’s conversation droned on. 

I tried to pretend nothing was going on as her hand worked its way over to my now bulging cock but it was nearly impossible. I know I must have leaned a little further back in my chair and closed my eyes with a sigh.

Immediately I looked up and looked around the table to see if anyone suspected anything. 

First there was Jason who sat directly across from me. He was a good enough guy and everything but he wasn’t one of my closest friends. He was an open homosexual and the few conversations we had together I found we had little, if anything, in common. He just continued to run his mouth as if he heard nothing.

Chris, my best friend at the time, sat at the head of the table and seemed more disinterested in the conversation than Sandy and I, so I figured that he gave two shits about what was going on under the table.

That left Jeffery who sat on the opposite side of my wife- as I glanced in his direction and I noticed that he had this strange all-knowing smirk across his face.

I am not sure if it was just the moment or the fact that all these good-looking guys surrounded Sandy but she became a little more blatant and slowly and quietly unzipped my zipper.

Good-looking wasn’t quite a good enough description of this get together. 

Chris was tall and rather on the thin side but his blonde hair, blue eyes and his GQ looks always seemed to land him the best looking women. He had a way of seducing his date with just a look in their direction. It seemed as though his blue eyes could melt through any girl’s resistance. 

Jeffery, on the other hand, was Chris’s direct opposite but I believe he was one of the most handsome black men I have ever seen. He was rather on the large size but his face was chiseled to perfection. He had the face of a warrior and the body of a Greek god.

Even Jason, the homo, was cute in his own way. He had red hair like my wife, but his was more the boyish good looks and charm. He was the apple-pie boy next-door- freckle face and all.

I guess I decided that no one would notice or even care what my wife was doing to me under the table so I closed my eyes and let her probing finger find its way to my straining cock. I was so horny now that I knew she only needed a stroke or two to get me to orgasm right there at the table. Strange thing though, just as quickly as she started fondling me she stopped. 

Needless to say I was VERY disappointed. I glanced over at her as if to plead my case but she sat there in some sort of glassy eyed haze. Maybe, I figured, she thought it was my turn to play. Maybe she just wanted to prolong my climax for when we left the party, I wasn’t quite sure.

I leaned in a little closer to my wife and started to slide my hand over her thigh. This must have startled her because she quickly grabbed my hand and pushed it away. I can’t tell you how frustrated and disappointed I was. I think that somehow the frustration turned to anger. I mean heck she was fondling me, I figured what was good for the goose was good for the gander. I was a bit more forceful this time as I reached in toward her thigh. 

Much to my surprise and rage a hand had beaten me there. Sometime during the afternoon Jeffery had worked his hand between her legs and was messaging her vagina. You have no idea how pissed I was at that moment. I wanted to stand up and cause a scene or at the very least say, “what the fuck is going on?” But somehow reason prevailed. There was no way I wanted the rest of my friends to know something was going on

I gathered my composure and glared in my wife’s direction. I wanted this whole thing to stop immediately but when I finally made eye contact I could see nothing but indifference in her eyes. 

About that time Jeffery stood up and stretched. I noticed his hand rest on my wife’s shoulder like he was trying to tell her something and then he excused himself go to the restroom. As he walked passed me I noticed the outline of his dick. It seemed to be an amazing 10 inches long. 

“What are you doing?” I whispered angrily into my wife’s ear.

She never really even looked at me she just smiled and then said, “Honey, I’ll right back okay?” and then trotted off towards Jeffery. 

I was a little embarrassed as the conversation came to an abrupt halt. I was sure by now everyone had figured out what was going on. I just sat there for a few minutes red-faced and humiliated. 

As I sat there stewing over my wife’s behavior I should have realized that eventually the inevitable would happen- I would have to go and check up on my loving wife.

The minutes I sat there waiting for Jeffery or Sandy to return seemed like hours. I finally gathered enough courage to excuse myself in the direction of the restroom.

I shouldn’t have been surprised that the bathroom was completely empty. I was determined to locate Sandy and demand that she leave the party with me immediately. I walked down the long hallway listening and peaking into every door I passed. 

At the end of the hallway, last bedroom on the right, is where I found them. Jeffery and my wife were locked in a romantic embrace. His cock was jetting out from his zipper and she was stroking his long black member as their tongues twisted and turned in each other’s mouth. 

Strangely enough I had a thousand mixed emotions. Jealousy, anger and rage were a few but somewhere down deep excitement was there too. I stood there for a long time watching them not knowing exactly what to do.

But as Sandy dropped to her knees I knew it was now or never. I moved in closer so that they would notice me. My wife only briefly looked up at me before she leaned in and took Jeffery’s cock inside her mouth. 

I felt like I was going to explode as I watch his dark meat slide inside her powder white cheeks. Jeffery closed his eyes and then unbuckled his pants to give Sandy free access to his low-hanging balls.

The next few moments were a blur as articles of clothing were strewn all over the room. At first I felt a little inadequate standing there with my five-inch pecker but it was a feeling I would quickly get over. 

Jeffery flopped down on the bed and spread his legs wide as an open invitation to my wife to continue her expert blowjob. She submissively crawled up toward his dick panting like a bitch in heat. I watched as she swallowed his dick and started to finger herself.

At that point I couldn’t help myself. I too crawled up onto the bed and started to kiss her sculptured ass and work my way downward toward her soaking wet pussy.

I could hear slurping noises and her lips lowered further and further down his shaft. 

“Oh yeah, suck it bitch.” Jeffery moaned.

Sandy’s juices flowed from her cunt and I just sat there kneeling between her legs lapping it up. All the while I jerked on my little cock. 

I believe this “foreplay” intensified enough to make Sandy lose what little inhibitions she had left. “I want you to fuck me with this big black dick.” She groaned before she positioned so she could lower herself down onto his shaft.

As I watched his dick disappear into her pussy and I leaned in to continue my suck job on my wife. With Sandy being on top I was unable to lick her clit but I WAS able to lick her stretched out lips. With every taste I wanted more!

I was like a madman. I slurped and licked and sucked all around her entranceway and around Jeffery’s hard cock. The smell of sex was intoxicating- driving me to get bolder and bolder. I’m not sure how it happened but eventually I found myself sucking Jeffery’s balls as he fucked my wife.

Even though I heard the bedroom door open again I couldn’t stop what I was doing. I didn’t care who saw me or what the end result would be. I had to continue.

The very next thing I saw was Chris standing at the head of the bed feeding my wife his 7inch dick. I couldn’t help but think how beautiful my wife looked as she slammed herself into Jeffery’s meat and at the same time slurped on my best friends cock.

I felt another hand reach underneath me and cup my aching balls. I knew it had to be Jason but at this point I didn’t care. I needed something to relieve my throbbing nuts- actually I needed anything!

Sandy was uncontrollable as she thrust and bucked her hips against Jeffery. She momentarily allowed Chris’s cock to fall from her mouth as she screamed her first orgasm. Her hips were moving so fast there was no way that I could continue to eat her. 

“I want…” She moaned and stammered. “I want you to cum inside me.” She ordered. 

I noticed that Jason had stopped playing with my balls and must have moved away from the action. I couldn’t believe how disappointed I was. I had figured out by now that if Jason didn’t bring me off I would have to do it by myself. 

I stroked my cock as I watched Jeffery explode inside my wife. With every thrust more and more cum oozed from between her now reddened lips. I didn’t hesitate and leaned in close enough to scoop some of his pure white seed into my mouth.

I gathered enough composure to look around to see what happened to Jason. Poor guy must have been at a loss on what to do because he had given up and found his way to a chair in the far off corner of the bedroom. He just sat there naked watching the whole fuck scene. 

As I stood up and moved away from the bed I noticed that Sandy had went back to work on Chris’s cock. I realized she was too busy to even notice I was gone.

“Hey bud what’s wrong?” I asked Jason shyly. 

“You know, guess that wasn’t quite my scene.” He replied. 

My heart kind of went out to him. His poor limp cock just kind of laid to one side. I guess a gay guy watching a woman getting fucked would do nothing for him. “Not even horny in the slightest?” 

“Sure, but I don’t think anyone here is up for what I would like to do.” He answered.

Surprising even me, I reached down and took his soft cock into my hand. I’m not sure if was pity or if out of complete lust for sex that made me make the first mood.

Jason looked up at me as if he were saying, “you know you don’t have to.” But before he could say a word I knelt down and took his meat into my mouth. The feeling of him getting hard between my lips was unbelievable. 

As he caressed the back of my head a whole new range emotions surfaced. It was no longer a deranged lust that controlled me but I seemed to side more with the loving, tenderness side of me. My heart raced as I looked into his eyes.

I reluctantly allowed his dick to slip from my hands and then moved to straddle him. 

Briefly we stared longingly into each others eyes and then he moved in to kiss me. It was the most gentle and loving kiss that I had ever had. He smiled as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close to him. I couldn’t help but love his freckled-face boyish grin he shot at me.

Finally I reached down and tightly gripped his long cock and guided it inside of me. The feeling of him penetrating me was too much for me. Without touching myself I came all over my chest and his. However I still didn’t want it to end. Without missing a stroke Jason slowly continued to fuck me. I say fuck, however, making love to me would be a more accurate description.

We never lost eye contact even as I felt him empty his semen into my ass. With a groan and through our tightly pressed lips I heard him say, “I love you.”

Unbelievably I came a second time 

“I love you too Jason.” I whimpered as I slowly pulled myself off of him.

I was surprised to find Sandy, Chris and Jeffery sitting on the edge of the bed. I’m not sure how long they had been watching us but to be truthful with you, I didn’t care. 

As I stood there leaking Jason’s sperm from my ass all I could do was think how Sandy and I both must have found what we were looking for.

Sandy winked at me and then once again quickly swallowed Jeffery’s cock.