 The apartment was quiet as I entered, closing the door behind me. It was nine o'clock on a Thursday night and I was surprised to find myself alone in the place. Any other night of the week my roommate and a few friends would greet me on arrival. No dice tonight, though.

I reached to the right of the door, flipping the switch for the overhead light thus illuminating the main room. It was your every day, average, two bedroom apartment in Northern Kentucky. The layout was a staple of most apartments. The dining room and living room were really just one large area. The kitchen was a small cubby hole that stood off to the side as if it were the least important element of the dwelling. The bedrooms were down a short hallway along with the bathroom.

The décor was also typical of most of these places. The walls were white and bare, holding no sentiment for the tenants. Not many people would live in a place like this long enough to personalize it. The carpet was a drab, stain-friendly, brown that was worth its weight in gold to any landlord. Our furnishings were mismatched and second hand from the dining room table to the tan fabric couch and scarred coffee table. The apartment was clean, but still unremarkable. In fact, the only item in the place that showed any kind of care was the fifty inch television. That we saved up for.

I saw all of this while still standing in front of the main entrance. I'd seen it many times before, but that night I really noticed all of it. There was nothing to interrupt the image for me. I took the good with the bad and I packed the reflection away into a corner of my mind for later use. In my mind's eye, I can still see the round of Corona beer bottles that sat on a high shelf, a tribute to one of our many parties.

A few steps took me to the refrigerator where I grabbed two beers from a nearly full case. A few steps more took me to the couch where I decided to enjoy the beers and the television. For the moment that would do. Later, I might go to my room and find a decent book to page through.

"Half-Baked" was in the VCR and, with the touch of a button on a large remote control, it was on the screen. I leaned back and drank from a cold bottle, ready to indulge in the misadventures of four stoners.

About fifteen minutes into the movie, Shane opened the door with a girl in tow. I looked up at them and ended up staring at her. The blonde behind my roommate was gorgeous. There is no other word to describe the tall, well stacked female. She smiled at me with pouty lips, letting her green eyes linger with my own. I grinned at her in return. I knew then that I'd have her soon.

"Wayne, meet Megan. Megan, meet Wayne," Shane said as he nearly ran to the bathroom. "Nice to meet you," Megan giggled, "He's had to go to the bathroom since we left Katie's house. He said he wanted to stop by and see if you were home yet."

"Well, here I am," I stated with a wink, "Have a seat."

I turned my head toward the bathroom, still glued to my seat on the couch and reluctant to take my eyes off of the girl walking toward the sofa. She was wearing a very short skirt and a very thin blouse and I had every intention of letting my gaze wander over her for at least a few more minutes.

"Shane, man, are you alright?" I shouted.

"If I tell you how good that just felt, you'd have to go do it too," he declared, opening the door and flashing a winning smile.

I laughed. If nothing else, this guy was massively entertaining. I looked back toward Megan, who had now taken residence on the couch. She wasn't far from me, and she had crossed her well muscled legs. She was looking back and forth between Shane and I, her eyes alight with amusement.

"How was work?" he asked as he plopped down on the other side of Megan.

"Tedious. Want a beer?"

"Yeah. I'd love one."

"Good. You can get me one, too. I'm sure Megan could use a drink," I said, grinning again. I leaned back again, running one hand through my short black hair.

Shane hung his head as he walked toward the kitchen to grab a few beers. All I could do was laugh and ogle Megan. I was successful at both, but enjoyed the latter more than the former. If I wasn't mistaken, she was ogling me right back.

Bottles appeared from the depths of the kitchen and we each popped the top on our own. Shane was talking about how long a ten minute drive could seem when you have a full bladder, and we were quite entertained by his opinion on the matter. As for me, I was fully content with the evening's turn of events. In fact, I was enjoying the conversation almost as much as the view.

"So, Megan wants to see your dick, dude," Shane said in a matter-of-fact sort of way, jolting me from the confines of my thoughts.

"I'm sorry?" I had to ask.

"Fuck, Shane, you think you could've put it more subtly?" she asked him, slapping his chest.

I could see her blush, but she also wasn't denying anything. I looked questioningly at my roommate and he simply nodded with an air of satisfaction. I had to laugh again. This guy was fantastic.

"She's been talking to Jessica and Katie, if you hadn't figured it out."

"Is that so?"

"Apparently, dude, you're packing a horse cock or something. The girls are telling everyone about it. In my defense, they've said plenty about me, too," he spoke while rubbing the area on his chest that Megan had probably bruised.

I noticed that she had gone quiet and was looking at us expectantly. I looked back toward Shane, who was nodding vigorously and signaling that she might be our kind of girl. Actually, he looked like he was going to have a heart attack.

"What? You want me to just whip it out?" I asked both of them.

"Why not?" Megan spoke up, "You don't want to show it to me?"

She was challenging me with the look in her eyes, and I was way too cocky to back down. I thought about it for a minute, one eyebrow cocked as I matched her stare. I glanced back at Shane, who'd already seen me naked. Hell, we'd fucked in the same room only days ago. He was grinning in a way that said he was up for whatever I might be thinking up.

"I've got a better idea. Why don't you do it for me, Megan?" I suggested, giving her a challenge of my own.

"I don't know about that. If I touch it, I'll want it," she replied, showing a more forward side of her personality.

She reached to the other side of her, to Shane's lap, and began moving her hand up and down his thigh.

"And I think I want more than one."

Shane and I looked at each other for only a second. We communicated the obvious answer between one another. 

"We can do that," he said, simply.

Megan stood up abruptly and walked a few steps away from the couch, turning toward us as she stopped. She swept her hair back behind her shoulders and smiled at us. Her hips started to sway back and forth in a silent rhythm that made me want to rip her clothes off. Instead, I stayed put, watching her. Shane had decided on the same plan of action, his eyes on her perfectly shaped body. Playing it cool is always such a hard thing to do in a situation like that one.

"I think I'll have to get you boys ready for me, first," she said, slowly running her fingers along the smooth curve of her breasts, "I do like them good and hard."

I stared as her palms trailed down her stomach, tracing the muscle there, and then down to her hips. Her little black skirt slid upward as she moved those well manicured fingernails along the skin of her thighs, showing me that she hadn't worn panties. It was as if she'd planned this from the beginning. If so, I wasn't objecting and neither was my silent friend on the other end of the settee. 

Megan curled her fingers under the tail of her blouse and pulled it upward, revealing flawless skin. She inched the top up, teasing us with her flesh, never taking her eyes off of us. Slowly, I saw the bottoms of her breasts come into view. Her areoles were a soft brown that only contrasted with her complexion in the slightest way. Soon her breasts were in full view, heavy and natural, and her shirt was behind her. 

I felt my hardened cock twitch as she began pushing her skirt down those wonderful thighs. She was completely shaven. Her pussy was uncovered and beautiful. I wondered for a moment if she'd been freshly waxed, but dismissed it because it didn't matter. I would soon have my mouth on her sex. I could almost taste her.

"You like?" she asked us, one of her hands massaging her full breast while the other slid down her taut stomach toward her crotch.

We nodded, neither Shane, nor I, ready to speak for fear that we might lose what little control we had over ourselves at the current moment. I noticed that she hadn't kicked off her sandals. She seemed to tower over us in three inch heels. My body tensed at the thought of touching her. I'm sure I wasn't the only one with such thoughts.

"Shane, stand up," she commanded as she placed her body in front of his,

I could see the smile on his face as he stood. He was nearly a foot taller than her 5'6", but with the heels she was much closer to eye level. He loomed over her, resisting the urge to grab her, somehow sensing that she didn't want him to quite yet.

She reached out, grasping his shirt and pulling it up and off of him, baring his well defined torso, undressing the muscle that the fabric had concealed. She touched his chest as the garment fell to the floor, her nails scratching the fair skin. His pants were next, the button popping and the zipper sliding down as he kicked off his shoes. His underwear, a pair of black boxer briefs, followed as Megan hooked her thumbs into the waist band and pushed down. Her body followed the progress of his briefs, her breasts sliding along his skin, down to Shane's toned abs and lower still to his thick veiny shaft. I watched as his cock slid between her breasts. The head bounced upward as she knelt before him, her mouth level with his erection, her head turning to look at me as she engulfed the bulbous knob with her full lips.

She stared at me as she sucked him in deeper, her tongue moving around him, the shape of his cock clearly outlined in the skin of her cheek. I could hear Shane's gasp as she took his prick deeper. It was surely at the back of her throat now and I was enraptured by this purely sexual act before me. 

Her breasts heaved as she began to move her lips up and down his shaft, showing me how much of it she'd really taken with each stroke. Her hands were on his thighs, rubbing the strong flesh there and reaching up to knead his ass with her dexterous fingers. Megan's eyes closed as she sucked my roommate's cock. She moaned as if it were the taste she'd been wanting for so long it hurt.

I saw one of her hands slide down to her pussy, rubbing her clit slowly. Her other hand went to Shane's balls. She cupped them in her palm, her fingertips fondling the sensitive flesh.

At once she pulled away from his cock, making Shane moan in protest. She looked to me again, standing up as she pushed Shane back to the couch.

"You now. Stand up," she demanded.

I did as she asked, measuring myself, breathing deeply, trying to stave off my own urge to take control. She was against me, quickly, removing my shirt and pulling it over my fuzz of short black hair. She pressed her tits against my chest, her nipples poking against me, and pulled my head down to her own. We kissed, roughly, without any preconceptions. Her tongue forced its way into my mouth and I pushed back with my own. 

I felt Megan's hands at the waist of my jeans, her need making her move faster with me than she had with Shane. In no time I was nude with them, my arms down at my sides. Even though she was more excited, I still believed that she wanted to play this little game out.

She dropped to her knees, barely taking the time to break our kiss, and stared at my throbbing prick. I looked down at Megan, so turned on by her, needing her to touch me. It was torture to make me wait for it, but she didn't mind that one bit. I felt her breath on me, but nothing else for some time.

My head managed to turn toward Shane. He was watching, just as I had, and I was sure that the girl was putting on a show for him. He was slowly stroking his cock as he watched our spectacle. I didn't blame him at all. I was nearly to the point of touching myself if Megan wouldn't. I saw him grin and felt her lips move down my shaft almost completely. 

I threw my head back as I felt her tongue on me. I moaned as her teeth scraped the head of my cock gently. She knew so well what she was doing that I became lost in the sensations she was causing. I ran both hands through her hair as she sucked me into her warm mouth.

Megan fucked me with her mouth faster and faster until I felt my balls contracting. My shaft was rock hard in her mouth and she would soon make me cum if she didn't slow down. It was as if she knew this. She began to slow her movements, letting her tongue trail along the underside of my shank, her lips slipping further from the base with each breath I took.

Soon, she was pushing me back onto the couch just as she had done to Shane. It took quite a bit of strength for me to let her go, but I'm proud to say that I did it. I knew, somehow, that it would be worth it in the long run.

Megan walked back to the middle of the living room, her body blocking the idiocy on the television that had been absently left on. She knelt there, staring at us as if she didn't know what to do next. I don't think she had a single doubt as to what she wanted. I just think she was having trouble deciding how she wanted it.

"Both of you. Come here," she said, her body trembling with lust.

Like two good little boys, we did as we were told, standing up from our seats and walking to either side of her. I wish now that I had a picture of this scene, even though I can see it in my mind almost perfectly. The sight of Megan between the two of us, reaching up to wrap her hands around both of our cocks was so erotic that I nearly couldn't stand it.

"So nice. I want them both inside me," she cooed, her hands sliding along our lengths.

Neither of us seemed to be able to speak. The only sound in the room other than Megan's voice was that of the forgotten movie playing in the background. Her digits gripped us strongly, then softly, torturing us with every motion.

I wanted her so badly. She was perfectly delicious as she sat on her knees on that living room floor, telling us how badly she'd been needing this, how badly she wanted to have us fuck her from both sides.

"I want to ride you Shane, get your cock in this tight little pussy. Then you can fuck me in the ass, Wayne, while he's in my pussy. You can fill me up. I know you want to just as bad as I want it. 

"Jessica told me that you were so fun to play with while I was licking her pussy last night and I just had to have you both."

That was the last straw for either of us. I dropped to my knees, her hand never leaving my member, and moved behind her. Shane knelt down in front of her. He grabbed a handful of her hair and brought her mouth to his prick, pushing her down on it, making her take all of him at once. As she bent over to fellate him, I spread her ass cheeks and ran my tongue from her clit all the way to her sweet little asshole, taking long wide strokes along her slit. 

Megan moaned around his prick as I licked her, letting the tip of my tongue slip into her moist opening, my lips kissing every inch of her down there. I loved the way she tasted, sucking up all of her juices as if I were a man dying of thirst. I was impatient to taste her cum, to make her scream.

Soon, my efforts were rewarded. Her entire body seemed to gyrate against my mouth as my lips wrapped around her clit, suckling her and rubbing against her mound. I heard her muffled moans as she tried to clamp her legs shut against my tongue. She pushed her ass back against my face, shaking and shivering in rapture. I took the opportunity to lick her ass, my tongue rimming her sensitive little pucker. 

That seemed to set her off even more. I heard her now, screaming, begging to be fucked, and I was more than happy to comply.

I pulled my face away and positioned my body behind her, my cock standing at attention just outside of her entrance. Slowly, ever so slowly, I let the bulbous head slip between her pussy lips, parting her with my tool as I entered her. It seemed that it was my turn to tease her a bit as I leisurely slipped inside of her, the walls of her cunt gripping me tightly. It seemed to take forever to enter her, but once there I lost all control.

I ravaged Megan, my shaft blurring as I fucked her. I couldn't have stopped myself for anything. Faster and faster I went, my body pistoning into hers' harder by the second. The sound of my hips slapping her perfect bottom was only out done by her moans as Shane matched my pace, fucking her mouth with determination.

Megan was ours as we used her from either side, causing her to climax over and over. I couldn't tell you how many times I felt her drench my cock with her juices and tighten around me. 

As if we'd known the next move by heart, Shane and I switched sides, him taking residence behind her, me driving my cock between those luscious lips of hers. I heard her moan, felt it on my cock as he entered her. Megan sucked my cock harder, taking each thrust with ease, nearly in tears as we filled her.

Feeling my body tighten again, knowing what was coming, I did not relent. I looked up at Shane, seeing his eyes squeeze shut. He was as close as I was.

"Where do you want it, Megan? Do you want us to cum inside of you?" I asked, teasingly, as if I didn't know better, somehow.

"I want it in my ass, first! Don't cum until you fuck my ass!" she screamed.

Shane took no time in pulling out of her and rubbing his cock between her buttocks. He would have her there first, but not just yet. I pulled her away from him, my cock drenched in her spit as she moved on top of me. I felt her hand around my prick again, this time guiding me into her with a whimper. She fell forward, our chests pressing together, and we pushed our lips together as Shane prepared her ass, fingering the hole gently, loosening her for his own need. 

"In my purse," she said, breaking our kiss again, "Get my purse and get it wet."

I heard him rustling around in her bag as she rode me, our tongues dancing as I tried to hold off my orgasm. Her eyes opened wide as Shane used the lubrication she had brought to push his cock into her ass. 

I felt it, too, when he pushed all the way into her, the only separation between us being a thin membrane between her two holes. Megan bucked against us, riding us both at an ever increasing speed. She seemed to begin a string of orgasms that wouldn't stop until we were done with her, or she passed out from the exertion. 

It wasn't long before the three of us were moaning in unison, Shane and I passing the point of stopping the climax that would soon over come us. I felt her gripping me again, the pressure so overbearing that all I could do was hold on and scream as I filled her with my seed. My cock seemed to erupt into her, splashing her insides with my hot fluid. 

"Oh, fuck! Fill me up, Wayne! I can feel it in me! I can feel you cumming for me!" she screamed.

Her nails dug into my shoulders as I felt the pace pick up even more. Shane was thrusting into her, seemingly tearing her apart as he too began to shout, his own climax upon him. I felt her body go limp as he came in her ass, filling her with more of the liquid she loved so much.

Megan's head lay on my chest as our movements began to cease. She was shaking atop me, her body racked with little spasms. We lay there, the three of us, for quite some time afterward, Shane beside us while Megan lay on top of me still, my prick softening inside of her.
