 "Beer me," she said for the fourth time, grinning and holding out an empty can of Budweiser.

I grabbed the empty, instinctively denting the can in the middle as I went to the fridge. We'd been drinking and telling stories in the living room of my second apartment for the last two hours while my roommate bawled the brains out of her best friend. 

I looked back at Jessica as I pulled two cold brews from the refrigerator that contained almost nothing other than more of those cold brews. I was twenty and she was an attractive eighteen-year-old. I couldn't help but look. The girl was well past gorgeous with short black hair and asian eyes.

"Are you checking me out, Wayne?" she asked as subtly as a hammer to the head.

"Absolutely," I replied, feeling well buzzed and brave.

She raised an eyebrow at me and slumped back against the couch cushion. Her breasts pressed against the tight white tee that didn't quite cover her midsection. Her tummy was flat and tan. I imagined that there wasn't a place on that body that had escaped the sunlight. I shook my head in order to get the image out of my mind. This girl was intoxicating.

She crossed her legs, the crook of one knee coming to rest on the opposite thigh. Jessica was wearing skin tight blue jeans, but that seemed just as sexy as if she'd been bare below the waist. I noticed all of this in slow motion even though the movements had only taken seconds. 

"At least you're honest. Some little boys would've lied about it," she declared, taking the aluminum can I offered her and popping the tab.

"I believe in honesty, beer, and nice legs. Right now I have all three to enjoy."

She laughed, her head tossing back the slightest bit. I grinned my half-assed grin and sat down beside her. In seconds we were drawing fluid from our beers and chatting. The girl was fun, you could tell that, and I was having a good time in her presence. Who could blame me?

"I wonder if they know we can hear everything they're doing in there." I asked her in an overly loud voice. 

"Only one way to find out," she said and instantly let out a series of orgasmic moans in answer to the ones coming from her friend Katie in the next room.

I bit my lip when she did this, holding in the urge to laugh and grab her. I had a feeling that I could produce more than the token moan from Jessica. She was driving me insane.

"Talk about creating sexual frustration. If they keep that up I'm gonna go nuts. You guys are making me horny!" she shouted, squeezing her thighs together, "And you ought to see what you're doing to Wayne!"

I heard sudden laughter at my expense and knew that Jessica could see the tell-tale bulge of an erection in my jeans. God had been quite cruel in his choice of the male sexual organ. I wondered if He was enjoying the joke as much as they were.

"Man! That ain't right at all. I can't help it when I've got two women moaning within earshot. The little guy has a mind of his own."

"Little, hell," she said, her lips curling into a sexy smile revealing the smallest glimpse of her straight white teeth, "You have me scared."

"I'm telling you. It looks way bigger than it is. I'm so small we could have sex right now and I wouldn't even have to tell you about it."

"If we have sex right now, you better tell me about it. That might be too good to miss from the looks of it."

I felt her fingers on my leg, just above my knee. Slowly she started to move her hand upward along my thigh, getting closer to my straining member by the moment. I raised my eyebrows at her and she did the same in return, giving me a nice look at those deep brown eyes. I felt her fingertips graze the head of my cock and I must admit that I shuttered a bit.

Just then I heard my roommate's bedroom door open, the voices of the freshly fucked couple filled the main room and I felt Jessica give my "Little Guy" a firm squeeze. I wondered, instantly, if she'd take her hand away. I was loathe to have her stop, and at the same time knew that she would.

I was surprised to no end when her massaging didn't stop, but increased in fervor as our two friends entered the room. I saw a widening of eyes and an obvious look of surprise cross their faces, and only smiled in return. I leaned back with my arm stretched along the back of the couch, my fingers touching Jessica's neck, and enjoyed her ministrations.

"You guys look comfortable," Katie said as she sat down and stole my can of beer.

"I found a new toy. Look at how big," Jessica declared, running her fingers along the shape of my member for Katie.

I gave a nervous glance to Shane, my roommate, and he shook his head. He had a beer in his hand and a grin on his face. That was a satisfied man if I'd ever seen one.

"Damn, Wayne. Where'd you get that thing?" Katie was asking.

"Grew it myself. I spent a lot of time on it, too."

That pulled laughter from everyone. Jessica had kept up her handy work and was well on her way to stroking me into a frenzy. She kept looking down at my erection and then back up at me. I wondered exactly how far she would take this little show.

"I think you should take it out so everyone can see, Jess. Don't you?"

That was Katie again. Her blue eyes were bright inside the frame of long blonde hair. She had a way of smiling at you that might get a certain roommate killed at some point. I started to object when the sound of a zipper opening cut me off. It wasn't loud or anything, but when it's your zipper you pay attention. 

Jessica reached inside my pants with her left hand, her eyes locked on the area where my organ would soon be on display. Everyone was quiet, Shane included, as it came into view an inch at a time. My voice was stuck in my throat and I wondered what my friend would think of his girlfriend's attitude in the situation, but I wasn't about to call an end to what was about to happen. Hell, I was as curious as anyone.

As she pulled it out, she continued to stroke my shaft, slowly teasing me to maximum hardness and staring at her small hand on me. Her fingers didn't touch her thumb on the other side and she seemed to be putting real effort into seeing just how thick and long she could get me. Meanwhile, Katie had moved over on my right side, her legs touching mine as she watched and sipped my beer. I noticed that she was blushing and also moving as close to me as she could get. I simply leaned my head back, ignoring any awkward feelings that might surface and smiling the whole time.

"Wow. You have a very nice tool down there," Jessica whispered into my ear, her lips touching the lobe softly as she spoke, "I'm glad I got to see it."

"Me too," Katie agreed, her hand coming to rest on my thigh.

Katie leaned her head on my shoulder, staring at the action going on below my waist. I leaned my own head toward hers and was stunned when she moved her hand down to where my fly had opened and reached inside my pants. Her gentle fingers found my balls, moving them outside my pants. She traced her fingertips along the sensitive skin, making me moan in utter pleasure. These two girls were doing a number on me.

Jessica pulled Katie's hand up to my cock, making her hold it as she moved the other girl's wrist up and down, showing her the way she wanted the task done. Katie obliged quite willingly and began her own movements. As she was doing this, Jessica stood up in front of me.

"I'll bet you never expected this," she said as she peeled the white tee-shirt off, revealing the most perfect set of c-cups I'd ever seen. Her breasts were tan, as I'd imagined, and firm. Her nipples were hard and flawless, the areoles just a shade darker than the skin around them. Her collar bone stood out from her shoulders in just the right way. Her stomach was defined and taut. 

"I know you didn't. And I know you love it," Katie countered and sucked my earlobe between her lips, her hand sliding along my foreskin and driving me crazy.

My eyes slipped shut for a moment as I grunted in agreement with the two girls. When they opened, Jessica was sliding her jeans down, leaving nothing to cover her. I know that my cock twitched then, but it didn't really register. I was staring at the freshly shaven cleft between her legs and wanting the taste of her on my tongue.

I had nearly forgotten about Shane until he appeared behind Jessica, pulling her back against his six-foot frame. I saw that he was naked behind her and I watched as she reached back between them with one hand and up around his neck with the other. His lips were on her neck and his hands were roaming along her torso, up to the undersides of her breasts, and back down, lower, lower. 

"Aren't they sexy?" Katie asked me, moving around to face me, her legs straddling mine, "I think we can beat them, though."

"I agree," I answered as my own hands found their way to her hips.

Katie leaned back from me, letting me explore her front, and I took the opportunity to lift the bottom of her shirt up, baring the creamy white skin of her stomach, further up to her ample breasts. The garment was off and I could see her body, touch her skin, and taste her soft pink nipples. The whole time she squeezed and stroked me as if she couldn't let go of my prick if she wanted to.

I pulled my own shirt off and she leaned into me, her fair skin contrasting with my own tanned upper body. We kissed, our tongues searching for one another, our lips pressing hard together. I'd never really thought about acting on any such urge with Katie, but now I needed her.

As she stood back we hurriedly pulled our pants off, getting fully naked for each other, lusting so heavily that it seemed an inconvenience to have ever had clothes on at all. I reached down to her sex, touching her pussy lips with the pads of my fingers, feeling how wet she was. I slipped my middle finger into her, and thumbing her clit in small slow circles. We kept our kiss going as we did this and didn't have the first inkling of stopping it.

Katie moaned into my mouth as she knelt, my hand sliding away from her. In no time at all, I felt her lips and tongue sliding along the head of my cock, down my shaft with slow kisses and back up. She knew exactly how she wanted me. I think she needed to take her time with me, because who knew if we'd get this chance again? 

As she engulfed my throbbing member I gasped, looking up to what was going on with the others in the room. I saw Jessica bent over, her hands on the arms of our recliner and her tits swinging as Shane drilled her from behind. He was slamming his cock into her relentlessly, making her scream in orgasm. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her teeth were clamped together. I saw her beautiful body tense and relax with pleasure as my two hundred pound friend thrust into her. I looked up at him and realized he was watching us as well. We both grinned, making sure that everything was going to be fine after all of this was over.

I looked back down at Katie. She was tonguing my balls and moaning deep in her throat. As she looked up at me, I nodded. She stood and turned to face her boyfriend and best friend. I heard her moan with need as she sat down, holding my cock, guiding it into her. I nearly screamed as I entered her, her sweet warm sex nearly squeezing me to bursting.

She paused once I was fully inside of her, both of us relishing the feeling. As she began to raise and then lower her body against mine, we kissed again, passionately. We both needed the taste of one another as we felt our bodies mingling in that wonderful act. We fit together perfectly as she let me slide nearly out of her and then back in again so agonizingly, ecstatically slow.

We moaned almost in unison with Jessica and Shane as we all writhed against our partners. Katie was leaned back against me, our lips locked as we thrust against each other, my hands gripping her breasts, pinching her nipples between two of my fingers. I saw movement as Jessica appeared in front of us, her tits level with Katie's mouth. Her fingers ran through Katie's hair as she pulled her face against her breast. I nearly came at the sight of it.

Jessica smiled down at me as her body was thrust forward and pulled back over and over, still being fucked from behind by Shane. Katie switched between either of Jessica's nipples, suckling and licking them enthusiastically while she bounced up and down on my cock. I reached over Katie's shoulder to fondle one of those perfect breasts as I watched Jessica's eyes. She was overcome with lust, her brow raising and lowering almost in a grimace as she came again.

I felt Katie tighten on me, her body growing frigid, as she had her first of many orgasms, cumming with a deep chesty moan, her fingernails digging into my stomach as she braced herself against me. Her sex clamped down on me and I felt her wetness flow over my balls as she began moving again.

Jessica had disappeared during this, but it wasn't long before I realized where she had gone. I felt her tongue running across my balls up to where my cock entered Katie and then both girls whimpered. Jessica's mouth was all over us, her lips working against my shaft and Katie's clit as we fucked each other. Jessica's hands were kneading my balls and rubbing my perineum softly, driving me wild. I groaned almost continuously with pleasure as she touched us.

I looked up toward Katie's muffled moans to see her sucking Shane's cock, gleefully. He was moving her head up and down on himself with both hands, forcing her to take his prick down her throat. I felt her cumming again as this was happening and thrust harder against her. I reached around us to grab a handful of Jessica's hair. I pushed her face harder against us, making her work faster on Katie's clit.

Without warning, I felt the tip of Jessica's finger slipping against my asshole, smearing spit along my rim. All at once she'd pushed the same finger into me, slowly twisting it, pleasuring me in a way I'd never felt before, working more and more of her finger into me as she licked my cock.

I pulled myself out of Katie and shoved Jessica's mouth down on my cock as it jerked in reaction to her finger. When I looked up at Shane and Katie, I noticed that she'd copied Jessica's idea by pushing a finger into Shane's anus. It seemed he was being affected in the same way as I was. 

Without warning I felt my balls contract, my body tingling at every pore, as I started to spray stream after stream of cum into Jessica's mouth. I squeezed Katie's tits harder and thrust my hips forward, moaning loudly. My eyes pinched closed as if I couldn't bare to see anything while I was feeling this sensation, this shuttering cascade of ecstasy. Jessica didn't stop what she was doing. I could feel her swallowing my seed as it flowed into her mouth.

At that very moment I watched as Shane pulled his cock from Katie's mouth, covering her face with hot, sticky cum. He exploded onto her, splashing her face, neck, and finally her breasts with his juices. My hands were still on those wonderful tits as he sprayed them and I rubbed the fluid onto her breasts, making her shake with lust once again.

For a moment we all just stayed in that position, Jessica cleaning my softening cock with her warm tongue, Katie holding my right hand against her breast as she licked the head of Shane's prick.

I wondered if anything would change after this. I wondered if I'd get to have the pleasure of these two girls again. 

For the moment, no one said a word.