 This is a follow up to the story of my first threesome (previously posted here on Literotica). As always, this story is 100% true. I try to stick to the facts of what happened as much as possible, which means that it might not be as "hot" as some fictional stories - my apologies in advance. Also, a warning - this story involves my first heavily bi-sexual experience as well, so if that sort of story makes you uncomfortable, feel free to turn back now.

My second threesome happened a little less than two years after the first. It was the summer before my senior year of college and I was in an extended dry spell. I hadn't had a steady relationship since I had broken up with the girl I was dating when I had my first threesome. I had enjoyed the single life and hooked up with a few old friends and played the game a bit, but those opportunities had mostly dried up, as I will explain.

That summer I was living on campus doing some summer work for a professor, and I got a side-job as an RA. Being summer (small school, so not many students on campus) it was an easy job and it got me free housing in a single room in one of the dorms. All that privacy and nobody to share it with was more than a little frustrating, however. Since the college I went to was in the middle of no-where, and with almost everyone gone for the summer there was little chance of meeting anyone in person, so I turned to adult classifieds once again.

Being stuck in the middle of no-where as I was, it took a fair amount of time to actually turn up a couple who was ready and willing. Eventually I got in touch with a guy who was interested in another guy for some MMF female action. The catch was that, for me at least, it was to just be MM - the woman was for him. I wasn't completely thrilled with the notion, but by the point I felt comfortable enough with my sexuality that I was willing to give it a go.

We arranged to meet at a hotel in the afternoon. I hit some bad traffic, so I arrived a little late, but still with plenty of time for a nice liaison. The guy was middle aged, probably early 40s, and in pretty good shape. His lady friend was about the same age, a little overweight, but with huge, firm tits. We introduced ourselves with a few handshakes and since time was a little short, got down to business.

All three of us stripped down and I got my first surprise of the day - both of them had piercings (his cock, Prince Albert style, and her clit). His dick was about 6" and circumsized. As I pulled my pants off he hungrily stared at my cock, and almost as soon as I got my clothes off he knelt down in front of me and took my cock in his mouth. As he sucked my dick, she sat on the bed and watched us, fingering her shaved pussy furiously. She seemed to get as much out of it as he and I did, if not more...I think she came at least once just watching us. Watching her and under his expert skill, I didn't last all that long...he begged for my cum and I gave it to him, shooting right down his throat. He swallowed it all and proceeded to lick me clean, from balls to tip.

At that point I was a little unsure...we had already laid out some ground rules, and I had discussed that I didn't want him cumming in my mouth, but I knew it was time for me to reciprocate as much as I was comfortable with. I'd never sucked a cock before, but his was a good first. He was shaved, cut, and nice and clean. I wrapped my lips around the tip and moved down the shaft, taking in as much as I could, until I felt his tip at the back of my throat. The texture was unexpected...smooth and silky and definitely not unpleasant. I began some inexpert head bobbing, doing my best to mimic his skill on my cock. As as I sucked him off, she settled down over his face and he began to eat our her pussy, nibbling and sucking and inspiring her to fill the room with moans.

We kept at this for a while, with him getting harder and harder in my mouth and with my own cock quickly stirring back to life. Feeling that he was getting pretty close, I asked if he'd like his lady to take over. They paired off into a sixty-nine position, with her on top sucking away at his cock and with him continuing to lap at her dripping pussy. She was one of the wettest women I've ever seen - his face was literally covered with her juices as he ate her out. I sat and watched and continued to stroke my cock as they went at it. Pretty soon he indicated she should get out of the sixty-nine and lay down, and he got up between her legs and slid that fat cock right into her sopping pussy. He fucked her like an animal, hard and fast - her pussy juices began to turn white from the friction, and were dribbling down her asshole as he continued to pound her. He gave it a good fight, but nobody could last too long after all that stimulation, and pretty soon he gave a last hard thrust and dropped a load deep inside her.

He wasn't done yet, though. Almost immediately he got down between her legs and started licking her pussy and sucking his cum off her and out between her lips, and going to town on her clit. She was in ecstasy, and finally lost some of her shyness, I suppose. She looked up and saw me sitting, watching, stroking my dick and signaled me to come over and sit on the bed next to her. As he continued to go down on her, she wet her hand with some spit and began to stroke my cock. She worked me good while she continued to be pleasured, squeezing tight occasionally when he'd lick a certain spot. The site of her squirming in pleasure while he licked out their mingled juices was almost too much to bear - my dick grew rock hard under her ministrations. She kept pumping, faster and faster, and soon I shot out another load, all over my stomach and her manicured hands. She didn't last much longer than I, and pretty soon she stiffened and moaned as he licked her to a final completion...

I never did get to pleasure her, but overall it was a nice change of pace. Since then I haven't really sought out more bi-sexual experiences, but I haven't avoided them either (and so I have a few more stories to tell that involve me and another guy, but they'll come later!). For those guys out there who are on the fence, I'd say, give it a shot - you never know, you might like it!