 My hip pressed against the woman's thigh as four of us squeezed onto the too-short couch. My husband perched on the armrest on my other side, his knee hooked over mine, his hand on my shoulder. Her husband nudged her closer to me so he could shove in beside her, his hand between her legs, pushing the skirt of her little black dress an inch higher.

In the middle of the room, a friendly, easygoing man was setting up his equipment. An array of silicone dildos stood like sprouting flowers on the coffee table, which had been pushed to the side to make room for the star of this little exhibition, the Sybian, the fabled sex machine.

It seemed simple enough. A bit like a saddle mount, padded, with a cord coming out of it leading to the little control pad in the man's hand. 

"Who's first?" he asked.

I exchanged glances with the woman beside me. "I'm not ready yet," she said. "In a bit."

"Is this your first time?" my husband asked.

She laughed. "No."

Her husband guffawed.

"I've been on it a few times. But I don't want to go first. Maybe later tonight. After some more vodka," she added.

"You should see her on it. A goddess!" her husband commented. "You should try it," he continued, to me this time. "Ever seen one?"

I shook my head. "Not in person. What is it, like a vibrator?"

The man in the middle of the room chuckled. "It's so much more than a vibrator," he said. "You want to try it?"

My eyes darted around the room. My red Solo cup of wine was only half-empty. "No. No, I don't think so." It was oddly pressuring, the idea of having all these people watch me come. What if I didn't? What if I didn't like it? What if I didn't want to get naked in front of these strangers?

But that's why we were here. "Maybe... I don't want to go first," I said.

The female half of the third couple in the room stood up. "I'll do it," she said. She shed her panties and hiked her blue skirt up over her hips. She was shaped like me, a little jiggly in the thighs and butt, somewhat pear-shaped. Very attractive, especially her hair. Auburn curls cascaded around her shoulders, and her dress only just contained her shapely breasts.

The man demoing the Sybian shook her hand. "I'm Matt," he said. "Which one?" He indicated the selection of attachments.

"I don't know. What do you recommend?" 

He indicated two simple ones, straight, slightly textured, narrower than the average penis. "These are usually pretty successful," he said. "Unless you want to go wider. Or these stimulate the G-spot more directly." He indicated two others.

She chose one of the simple ones, and he attached it to the unassuming little machine on the floor. He rolled a condom onto it and added lubricant. "Go ahead," he said.

I wanted to giggle, but I held my breath as she straddled it, lowering herself and wiggling a bit to let the dildo slip into her, then settled, resting on her knees. Her boyfriend knelt in front of her and kissed her. Matt moved a lever on the control pad. The woman's eyes widened, then closed, an expression of pure bliss flitting across her face.

The whole floor started vibrating as he increased the power.

"Oh!" she gasped. 

Her boyfriend lowered the straps of her dress and her breasts sprang free. He caressed them, then moved in to suck on her nipple.

The floor vibrated more.

I crossed my legs.

Matt watched her intently, and as her hips started to move, he upped the power again. She leaned forward and wrapped her arms around her boyfriend's shoulders.

Her smiled widened, her head tilted back, and she laughed. "Oh my God!" she cackled.

My husband put his mouth near my ear. "You should definitely try it," he said. I kind of really wanted to. But I wasn't sure about having an audience.

Laughs had turned to gasps and moans now. The vibrations increased. Matt's half-smile spoke volumes. He knew she was close.

Her moans were shouts now. "Oh! Oh! Oh my God yes!" Her fingers dug into her boyfriend's shoulders, her toes curled. Well, that hadn't taken long. A few minutes, five maybe. Less than 10. I was mesmerized.

"Okay," she panted. "Okay." The vibrations slowed and stopped.

"Just sit there a minute. Don't try to get up," Matt said.

She didn't take his advice and tried to get to her feet. She immediately flopped back down to the floor on her knees, laughing. "You weren't kidding." 

"You should definitely try it," my husband said again.

I'd finished my wine. I watched the woman on the floor, saw the dampness on the disposable pad Matt had wisely placed under the Sybian. "Okay," I said.

The woman next to me patted my thigh. "You'll love it. I'm Megan, by the way," she said. "And this is my husband Rob."

"I'm Sam," I said. "And this is Gabe."

The woman on the floor was finally able to get up, and she hobbled over to the couch to put her panties back on. She fixed her dress. "Wow," she said.

"She'll go next," Gabe said, volunteering me.

"Sure. Just let me get this cleaned up. Five minutes," Matt said. 

I was suddenly very self-conscious. Everyone in the room was watching me. But the mood wasn't judgmental, or competitive, or even expectant. They were excited for me. They wanted to share an awesome experience. And, probably, they wanted to see my boobs.

I do have pretty magnificent boobs. 

Rob was studying me, eyes on my chest.

"She has the most amazing nipples," my husband said. 

"What are you?" Rob asked. "38? 36D? Double D?"

I giggled nervously. "36 double D, yeah."

Matt returned from washing the equipment the previous woman had used. "Ready?" he said to me.

"Nope." But I stood up and pulled my thong off from under my dress. "I guess I'll use the regular one?" 

"Okay. Hop on." He attached the dildo and added a condom and lubricant. He was so matter-of-fact about the whole thing that he put me very much at ease. 

I straddled the little machine and worked the dildo in. I leaned forward on my knees, and Gabe sat in front of me and immediately pushed the straps of my dress off my shoulders.

Matt turned the machine on. Subtle at first, just a vague sensation of motion as the dildo started rotating. "Oh!" Unexpected. Incredible. And then the vibration. The dildo itself vibrated inside me, and my position caused my clitoris to rest directly on a pad that also vibrated. "Oh my God," I said, involuntarily.

Gabe was playing with my nipples. I closed my eyes, shut out the watchers, shut out everything. 

My hips moved. I shifted, trying to get the angle just right. Gabe was sucking on my nipple now, just the way I liked, pulling it deep into his mouth and flicking with his tongue.

"Oh my God!" The vibrations were stronger now. I rocked my pelvis. The dildo struck my G-spot, my thighs clenched, I had my husband's upper arms in a death grip, breathing fast and hard, groaning, groaning, shouting.

More vibration.

I wasn't even in the room anymore. My brain had shut down. All I knew was the primal need for pleasure... release... more. 

I laughed.

More...

Someone spoke. Someone else shushed them. I'd forgotten about my audience. I laughed again, joy, ecstasy, flooded with sensation.

My forehead against Gabe's shoulder, my back arched, holding my breath now, lightheaded, tingling.

He kissed me. My breath exploded out of me, I rose up, then pressed myself down against the machine, my pussy throbbing, my world compressed around that single point, that bundle of nerves. Another deep breath. My whole body shaking, muscles twitching, contracting, and then a deep, guttural shout and I was coming, coming, quivering and panting, thighs of jelly, brain half gone.

The vibrations slowed and stopped. I opened my eyes, saw that my audience had grown by two, everyone looking on in awe. 

"Don't get up," Matt said.

How could I get up? My muscles wouldn't do what I wanted anyway. I tried to speak, and it came out slurred and incomplete. "What - wow," I said.

Matt chuckled.

"Did you enjoy that?" Gabe asked, still supporting me.

"Yeah. Little bit," I said. I tried to get up, fell to my knees. "I'll just sit here for a minute."

"She does have nice nipples," Rob commented. I fixed my dress. Gabe helped me back to the couch.

We sat for a few more minutes. Matt started telling us about a woman who squirted so much, he had to use two puppy pads under her. He showed us some of the other toys he had brought, a few wands, a rounded metal crescent with a ball at each end, a huge metal dildo.

"I love my job," he commented.

I had recovered, and no one else was volunteering for a turn on the Sybian. "Let's go outside," I suggested to Gabe.

Outside in the backyard, there were at least 50 people roaming around, men and women, some single, some couples, some even in three- and foursomes. The women were dressed provocatively, some so much that it would be illegal for them to leave the house that way. I saw lots of cleavage and nipples and butts. The men were mostly in jeans and t-shirts, much more casual than the women. Almost everyone was drinking. A few were smoking cigarettes. A few were smoking something else. I was getting a contact high.

"I need another drink," I said to Gabe. I hadn't put my panties back on, but I had straightened my dress. I felt very naughty, even though I was more covered than a good 25% of the other women there.

Something stronger than wine this time. I went with rum and Coke. The bartender was generous. Very generous.

We wandered, looking for a couple who seemed interesting. Most people were clumped into little groups who already knew each other from other parties. A few sat at tables, mostly people-watching. The pool was empty - it was too cold to swim. But at the hot tub, two men, nude, perched on the edge while a woman stood in the hot tub, also nude, giving them both a blow job, alternating from one cock to the other. I stopped about 15 feet away to watch. 

"I'm going to the bathroom," Gabe said into my ear. I nodded and sipped at my drink.

I was a lightweight to begin with, and I'd already had a very generous cup of wine, and I'd come hard on the Sybian, and I was drinking more, and quickly. The scene before me intrigued and excited me. 

One of the men in the hot tub saw me watching and beckoned. I glanced toward the door my husband had disappeared through and didn't see him. The other man turned around and beckoned to me as well.

The white man looked familiar. I'd met him earlier, fully clothed, in line for my first drink. He'd seemed nice. Friendly, blue eyes, a little older. The other man was African-American, gorgeous, muscular. The both beckoned again. I took a step closer. I had to wait for Gabe, though. I couldn't just... I couldn't just...

Could I?

Gabe appeared beside me. "Those guys invited me over," I said, gesturing to the hot tub.

"So go!"

I finished my drink and handed Gabe the cup. 

Now I was drunk enough.

Gabe accompanied me over to the hot tub.

"Shoes," I said. I bent over too far trying to slip my sandals off and lost my balance. Gabe caught my arm. It took me three tries to slip my finger behind the strap and pull my foot out. I had similar difficulties with the other sandal. Why were they so hard to take off?

I couldn't very well go into the hot tub in my nice little black dress. Gabe unzipped me and helped me step out of it. Four sets of eyes were on me now, and I was naked.

The two men watched me. The woman with them looked from me to my husband and climbed out to talk to him. He sat on a bench nearby. The two men waited.

No problem. I could just slide right into the water and I wouldn't feel quite so naked. There was a group of people sitting around a firepit close enough to almost be part of the action. A few glanced at me, at the men, smiled, then went back to their conversation.

Right. Hot tub. I moved closer and saw a step. I put my foot in, expecting to climb down into the water. And then I was under the water, flailing, startled. I righted myself and stood up, wiping water from my eyes and pushing wet hair off my face.

Well, that wasn't embarrassing at all. I hoped I didn't end up on YouTube.

No one was laughing though. The gorgeous, muscular, black man had hopped off the edge and into the water to help steady me. "I thought there was a step there," I said.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Yeah. I'm fine. Just wet." I laughed. I wasn't entirely sure what had happened. "I'm very graceful."

He held my forearms. "I'm Pete. Are you sure you're okay?"

"Yes. Yeah. I'm Sam. Also graceful. Nice to meet you." Well, it was almost English. 

The other man dropped down into the water on my other side. "I'm Bill," he said. "We met earlier."

"Hi. Graceful. I mean, Sam." I laughed.

Pete's hand found its way up my arm and across to my breast. Bill aimed lower, between my legs, and sucked on my other nipple. I forgot about falling in. I forgot about a lot of things.

I stole a glance at Gabe. He was half-listening to the blonde woman who had vacated the hot tub, leaning forward to watch me. He grinned.

My hands sought their cocks under the water. Both were big. Really big. Oh my.

They each sucked one of my nipples while I rubbed both cocks. I wondered how those cocks would feel inside me. I wondered what it would be like to have three men swarming over me, a cock in my pussy, a cock in my mouth, mouths on both nipples, so many hands.

Bill finger explored my slit, his other hand on my ass, his mouth on my nipple still. His cock had grown in my hand. Pete smiled at me. "You're okay?" he asked again.

"I'm great," I slurred. "Really great."

He kissed me then, soft lips meeting mine, tongue probing. He brushed some wet hair from my face. His cock had swelled, too.

Pete backed away from me and hopped back up to his perch on the side, feet dangling into the water. Bill joined him, and I found myself prompted to give two blow jobs at once. Pete's cock barely fit in my mouth, and Bill's wasn't much smaller. I did the best I could. I certainly had no complaints.

Gabe approached, having finished his conversation with the blonde woman. "You want to get a tent?" he asked, gesturing to the cabanas set up in a row a few yards away. 

I looked up at Pete and Bill. "You got a condom?" Pete asked me. "Magnum?"

We had regular old Trojans, but one of the women at the firepit overheard, and suddenly someone had tossed a Magnum to Pete. "Ready?" he asked.

I climbed out - considerably more carefully than I had climbed in - and grabbed a towel. I wrapped it around myself and led my little entourage to find an empty cabana. The four of us ducked into one and zipped up the entrance.

I spread my towel on the mattress that the party hosts had provided and lay back. Bill sat beside me so I could continue his blow job. Pete pushed my legs open and stretched out on his stomach. Someone took my hand and guided it to my other side, and I realized my husband had undressed and wanted my free hand on his cock. 

Pete's tongue on my clit, Bill's cock in my mouth, my hand on Gabe's cock. My brain buzzed, senses as overwhelmed as they had been earlier on the Sybian. Pete's fingers slipped into my pussy to attack my G-spot, and I had to let go of Bill's cock to yell. My eyes rolled back in my head. I felt for Bill's cock to continue rubbing it with my hand.

"Now that's the face of a woman having a good time," Bill commented. Pete laughed. I grunted. 

"Good time?" I gasped. "Holy crap." 

Pete finger-fucked me almost viciously, watching my face, while I jerked off both Bill and Gabe. I closed my eyes and groaned. Then a mouth on each nipple again, and I lost it. I ground my pussy into Pete's hand, my own juices soaking the mattress beneath me. My thighs closed, my hips lifted, and I let out a strangled moan.

Pete looked pleased with himself. Gabe coaxed my head to turn toward him, and I took his cock into my mouth. It was so comfortingly familiar, the shape, the size, the taste. I came down and opened my eyes to Pete rolling the condom onto his impressive length.

Then it was inside me, pounding against my cervix, stretching me in every direction. "Oh my God!" I cried. It was so good it bordered on painful, such an exquisite assault deep inside. 

Gabe pushed my head back toward Bill, and I resumed my attentions to him with half a mind. My imagination couldn't have painted a picture as exciting as the real thing. Three cocks, three men swarming over me, lost in the confusion of hands and mouths.

"I love being with a white woman," Pete murmured. "I love seeing the contrast of my skin against hers." 

"You're my first," I said. I touched his face, his hair, ran my hands along his muscular arms. "Never been with a black man before."

"No kidding? Well, I hope you're enjoying it."

Gabe chuckled.

"Little bit," I said.

He resumed his hammering, and any further conversation became impossible.

I'd been neglecting Gabe and Bill. Gabe moved closer so he could fuck my mouth, and I stroked Bill with one hand. Pete's stamina was incredible. He put my ankles up on his shoulders and penetrated even farther. I didn't think I had any more depth to give, but here he was. "Oh God," I groaned.

Bill had sat back to watch, apparently satisfied for the moment.

Pete pulled out and gestured to Gabe. "Did you want to get in here?" he asked. 

"Man, you can go forever!" Gabe said. He took Pete's place between my legs. I sighed with pleasure as he entered me. We matched well, Gabe and I, and he knew just how fast and hard I needed it. Pete took Gabe's place and bit gently at my nipple. His dark hand against my pale stomach added a visual element to the cacophony of sensations.

Bill rolled my other nipple between his fingers. I wrapped my legs around Gabe's hips and pulled him into me, rising to meet his every thrust, building, building, gasping, moaning. I grabbed Pete and Bill's hands and squeezed, my whole body contracting. My pussy spasmed around Gabe's cock, and he came a beat after I did.

Gabe and Bill traded places this time. I hadn't noticed Bill rolling on a condom of his own. He was only just smaller than Pete, but he moved more slowly, a more sensuous style, unlike Pete's jackhammering. 

Pete stood back, watching Gabe suck my nipples while Bill massaged my G-spot with his cock. A third orgasm was brewing. I held Gabe's head to my chest, and he flicked his tongue just so, as he had when I was on the Sybian. Bill picked up speed and came, then pulled out and let Pete take his place again. Pete's renewed vigor took my breath away. I was beyond thinking now. I couldn't even move. I lay there, arms stretched up behind me, my whole world condensed to my overused pussy and throbbing clitoris. Pete adjusted his angle, Bill pinched my nipple, and the world exploded. Dizzy and out of breath, I pushed Bill and Gabe away. 

"God, I'm tired," I panted. 

"Had enough?" Pete said.

Bill laughed. "He could go all night."

I nodded. "Yeah, I think - yeah. Wow." Pete stopped and pulled out, and I lay still, collecting myself. My breath slowed, and a languid smile spread across my face.

"Well, thank you," Pete said.

"Thank you!" I giggled. 

"She's really something," Bill said to Gabe. "If I ever find a wife, I hope she's as amazing as yours."

"She's pretty great," Gabe agreed.

I wasn't sure what I'd done to deserve such praise, but I would certainly take the compliment. I finally found the strength to sit up, and Gabe handed me my dress. 

"Well, thanks guys. I had a lot of fun," I said.

"Maybe we'll see you again. Will you come to another party?" Bill asked.

"Yeah, I think so," I said. "Looking forward to it."

I hugged Bill and kissed him, then Pete, and Gabe and I left the tent.

"Did you have fun?" Gabe asked.

"Little bit," I said with a grin.

"Do you want to go back to the living room? See what else that guy has?"
