 On the third try I managed to get the key into the hole and unlock my apartment door. Amazing what half-a-dozen Malibu and Diet Cokes will do to a girl's head. I stepped inside with my two new pets hot on my tight little tail. I had decided that one cock just wasn't going to be enough for me tonight, so I brought home two.

Earlier, at the club, I named them Rock and Jock. Rock was tall and slim, with long dark hair, deep brown eyes, and lips that were made to kiss my pussy. Jock was the poster boy for lean muscle mass, with broad shoulders, epic abs, and a bulge I couldn't wait to unleash. 

"Wait over there boys, I need to go get a few toys." They exchanged knowing looks and took their places as directed in the middle of my living room. As I moved through my bedroom and bathroom collecting various items, I grinned with wicked anticipation. They had no idea what I had in mind for them.

Once back in the living room I deposited my collection on the coffee table. A life-like rubber cock, a pair of nylon stockings, a small vibrator, some lube, and a pair of white lace panties. Jock rubbed his hands together, clearly eager to get started. Rock's eyes were locked on the cleavage peeking out of my low-cut top.

"Okay, boys, what say we start with you two kicking off your shoes and getting out of those shirts." They both quickly removed their shoes, and pulled their shirts over their heads, while I moved to the sofa and took a seat. Jock was in full-flex mode, trying his hardest to impress me. Rock was still staring at my chest. What he lacked in muscles he made up for with some rather intriguing tattoos. 

"We're going to play a little game. It's kind of like Simon Says. You with me so far?" They both nodded vigorously. "If you play by my rules, then you'll both get a nice prize." I uncrossed my legs suggestively, giving them a glimpse of the satiny black thong I was wearing beneath my leather skirt.

"Now, take off your pants," I purred. Jock reached for his zipper, but Rock held still. Jock noticed and froze too, looking at me sheepishly. 

"No, no. This isn't actually Simon Says. You're both going to do everything I say. Everything. Those are the rules." With that they both dropped their pants without question. Rock was wearing dark blue boxers, while Jock was left proudly standing there in nothing but fire-engine red skin-tight briefs. 

"Very nice. Now rub yourselves through your underwear. I want you both hard." Jock's hand was on his package in a flash. Rock hesitated a moment. I lifted a hand up to my chest and let my fingers trail lightly across my breasts causing my nipples to rise just enough to show through the fabric of my top. Rock quickly took hold of himself through his boxers and began to tug.

"Good boys." It only took a few moments for them to reach full arousal. Rock's hard-on poked straight ahead, tenting his boxers, while Jock's erection seemed almost painfully restrained within his tight briefs. "Turn around, and lose the underwear," I commanded.

I stared hungrily at their bare asses as they pulled down their underwear and stood waiting for my next order. Jock's small, hard buns were begging to be smacked. Rock's round soft cheeks cried out to be lovingly squeezed.

"Let me see those hard cocks. Turn around, slowly." When they were half-turned I had them stop so I could inspect their erections in profile. One curved up with a long, almost pointy head; the other stood straight out and had a bulbous mushroom head.  

"Beautiful, now face me." They turned once more and both their hard cocks were staring straight at me. Jock's balls were clean shaven, and scrunched up tight beneath his shaft, while Rock's hung loose. I picked up the bottle of lube and tossed it to Jock.

"Rub this on your cock," I ordered. He squirted some in his palm and stroked himself until his penis glistened. "Perfect, now put some on his cock." Jock went to hand the lube to Rock. "Uh, uh, uh. I want you to rub it onto his cock." Their lurid expressions suddenly changed as they both realized that my game was going to go beyond their boundaries.

Jock just gaped at me dumbly, waiting for me to laugh and say it was a joke. Instead I put on my best pout and unbuttoned my top. "I was going to play with my nipples while you oiled up his cock." Jock swallowed hard and looked at Rock, who considered for a moment and finally just shrugged. 

Jock squirted some more lube into his palm and haltingly reached toward Rock's penis. I let my shirt briefly slip to the side, allowing a quick look at my swollen pink nipple, before coving up again. That was enough encouragement for Jock to wrap his hand around Rock's cock and slide it up and down a few times. 

"See, that wasn't so bad now, was it?" I gave them a sly smile and rewarded my boys by taking off my top completely and rubbing my tits for them. I pinched my nipples and pulled until they were both stiff. "Go ahead, stroke your cocks while I play with my tits." They both started rubbing themselves with slow, even strokes. It was obvious they were both taking it easy on themselves so they wouldn't cum too quickly. So cute.

"That's it. Keep stroking, and turn to face each other," I cooed. Warily they turned. "A little closer." They each shuffled forward a bit. "Now touch the tips of your cocks together for me." They stopped stroking and just stood their holding their dicks. I hiked my skirt up and hooked my thumbs under the top of my thong ready to slide it off, then waited.

Rock reluctantly leaned forward a tad and touched the tip of his penis to Jock's, then backed away. I just pouted. Rock took a deep breath and moved forward again and pressed the tip of his penis against the tip of Jock's. "Oooo, that's what I want," I whispered and wiggled out of my thong. 

"Rub them together, rub your cock on another man's cock for me." I opened my legs exposing my neatly trimmed pussy. With that motivation they began sliding their cocks one against the other, doing their best to give me a good show. Despite the embarrassment on their faces, I could tell they were enjoying this new sensation (even if they would never admit it). I ran a finger along my pussy and found that it was soaked with my own juices. I couldn't remember the last time I was this turned on.

"I can't wait to have both your cocks inside me, but not yet. You have to finish the game first." I closed my legs and thought for a second. "I want you two to switch off. You stroke his cock, while he rubs yours." Again, there was a pause, but they knew there was a reward to be earned, and so, like well-trained little pets, they took hold of one another's cock. Awkwardly at first, then with increasing deftness they each jerked on a the other's penis. I once again opened my legs and slowly spread the lips of my pussy with two fingers, while I caressed the nub of my clit with my other hand. They responded by pumping their partner's cock faster.

"Be careful you don't cum before I tell you! That's against the rules," I chided. "You boys like my pussy don't you? You both want to fuck my warm, wet, soft pussy, right? But it's too tight for you to both fit in at the same time. I guess that means that one of you is going to have to put your cock in my ass instead." Their eyes went wide at the suggestion.

"I've never let anyone fuck me in the ass though. Raise your hand if you want to fuck my virgin asshole tonight." Both their hands shot into the air. "I don't know, since I've never done it before I'm a little scared." I picked up the cock-shaped dildo from the table in front of me. "Maybe if you brave boys showed me what it's like, I wouldn't be so scared." I tossed the dildo to Rock. 

"Who's first?"

I held my breath. Had I pushed it too far? Would they both grab their clothes and run? They looked at each other helplessly, oil-covered cocks still hard and throbbing with a naked woman just a few feet away. I knelt on the sofa and turned my ass towards them.

"C'mon guys, it's easy. Just bend over like this," I leaned forward and thrust my ass out, "and spread your cheeks." I reached around and did just that. "Then just relax and take it in." When Jock got a good long look at my asshole his mind was made up.

Jock turned and dropped to all fours. I squealed with delight and clapped my hands with genuine thrill. I'll definitely be playing this game again in the future!

Rock shrugged again and fumbled with the rubber cock as he knelt down next to Jock. He picked up the bottle of lube lying on the floor nearby and slicked up the dildo. Next, he squeezed some out onto Jock's ass crack. Without even realizing it I found that I had started rubbing my pussy while I watched my own live porn show. Rock was now nudging the dildo between Jock's cheeks, spreading the lube around the target area.

"That's right, get his ass all nice and slippery," I instructed. "I want to see that big rubber cock balls-deep in his asshole." Rock positioned the tip of the dildo against Jock's hole and pushed. Nothing. He tried again, but still no penetration. "Just relax baby, let that cock slide into your ass, just like I want yours to slide into mine." 

Jock took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Some of the tension eased in his legs and back. He gave a slight nod and Rock pressed the dildo forward once more.

After some wiggling and jiggling the rubber cock finally infiltrated Jock's asshole. Rock couldn't help grinning at his success. "The hard part's over, now ease that cock in deep." I grabbed the vibrator from the table, laid back where I had a perfect view of the action, and clicked on my toy to a low hum. A tingly shiver ran through my body the instant I felt the buzz against my clit. I thought I was going to cum right there and then. But I restrained myself, carefully teasing my pussy with the vibe, coaxing small quivers of pleasure from between my legs.

Rock gently pushed the dildo into Jock's ass. Jock gave a small grunt, but otherwise accepted his anal violation. His dick looked so cute from this angle, dangling down toward the floor. Rock's cock was still in fine form as well. Even better, Rock was so intent on his task with the dildo that he didn't seem to notice that his cock was now rubbing against Jock's thigh. I don't know why that turned me on as much as it did!

As the rubber cock disappeared farther into Jock's ass, I slipped the vibrator into my pussy. I swirled it around until I found the perfect spot. It was at just about that moment that the dildo had penetrated as deep as it could go. I gasped with pleasure, reveling in the perversity of the scene being played out for my own personal amusement. An hour ago these two perfectly straight guys had no idea they'd be getting ass-fucked while I watched.

"Fuck his ass like you want to fuck mine," I ordered. Rock began pumping the rubber cock in and out of Jock's asshole. To my amazement, Jock began rocking with the rhythm of his ass fucking. I was beginning to suspect my little pet was actually enjoying this. Next, another surprise, as Rock took hold of his cock and began jerking himself off again.

"Very good boys. Show me what I want to see." I was fucking myself with the vibrator in time with the ass fucking dildo. Jock's hand found his dangling penis and resumed jerking as well. I could feel my own orgasm building, but I desperately did not want to cum yet. I quickly pulled the vibrator out of my cunt.

"Stop, wait, slow down." We all caught our breath for a moment. "Whew, I'm am so hot right now. Alright, let's switch it up. Change places." Rock pulled the rubber cock out and hurried to get on his hands and knees.

"Well, it looks like someone's an eager beaver," I said. "But first, put these on." I tossed the stockings and panties to them. By this point they didn't even blink an eye, and complied without hesitation. Rock struggled to pull on the sheer stockings, while Jock shimmied into the panties. Once they were in their sissy lingerie, Jock began lubing up Rock's backside.

"Make sure he's good and wet." With that, Jock slipped a finger into Rock's asshole much to everyone's surprise. He twisted and probed with that finger limbering up Rock's anus. He reached for the dildo and prepared to plunge it into Rock's butt hole.

"Oh, hold up. That's just plain nasty. You don't want to use that dirty old thing. Hmmm, what could you use instead?" My eyes dropped to Jock's stiff cock. He knew what I wanted and gave me a sad, pleading look. I dipped my fingers into my sopping wet pussy and smeared the musky juices onto my nipple. I then cupped my tit and pulled it up toward my mouth as I stretched my tongue out enough to lick my own nectar from my nipple.

"Just close your eyes and think of me," I offered. In one quick move Jock straddled Rock's narrow ass. Without leaving time for a second thought, he aimed himself at Rock's waiting asshole and thrust his hips. There was only the briefest moment of resistance before his cock popped into Rock's asshole. I couldn't hold back any longer, rammed the vibrator back into my cunt and began fucking myself hard and fast.

"Just like that, my pet, fuck his ass while I watch. Fuck his asshole for me," I cried as I rubbed my tits and tugged at my nipples. Both my boys were moaning as well, finally surrendering to the shared pleasure they were so ashamed to submit to only minutes ago. 

And it was all because of me. They were my playthings, my slaves. The promise of my cunt was enough to make these two boys fuck each other in the ass for my enjoyment. The sensation of raw power mingled with the waves of sexual ecstasy building deep within me to evoke a euphoria unlike anything I had ever felt before.

Rock jerked his own cock furiously while Jock pounded into his ass with mounting fervor. They were both bathed in sweat, bodies taut with impending release. 

Jock suddenly pulled out with a forceful groan and unleashed a series of jetting streams of cum that arced through the air, splattering on Rock's back and coating it with gobs of thick white semen. Rock was reaching his own crescendo with a panting moan as he pumped his cock with his hand. Jock, seemingly possessed by the sheer depravity of the moment, rolled Rock onto his back.

Jock lunged for Rock's swollen penis and took it in his mouth. This was more than I could have hoped for. I lifted my ass up off the sofa, discarding the little vibrator and shoving three fingers into my cunt. I finger-fucked myself as I watched Rock drive himself into Jock's throat. His body shivered and jolted. He grabbed Jock's head and held it to his crotch as his hot cum coursed out of his cock and into Jock's mouth.

At the sight of Jock gagging and Rock's cum dribbling down his chin, my own orgasm let loose. A burst of pure pleasure erupted and spread through my body and was followed by wave after wave of sublime bliss that seemed to intensify with each continuing thrust of my fingers deep inside my pulsating cunt. It was like several orgasms layered one upon another, replacing every rational thought in my mind with a desperate desire for this feeling to never end.

But slowly, deliciously, the sensations began to recede. Every muscle slackened in perfectly satisfied relaxation. A dizzy little whirlwind danced through my mind as I gradually gathered my wits. The guys were splayed out on the floor, both breathing heavily. Jock's hand rested comfortably on Rock's still hard cock.

"Well, boys, I guess our little game is over," I said between gasping breaths. "It looks like we all won that round." I rose naked from the sofa on wobbly legs, and moved across the room. 

"Meet me in the bedroom as soon as you're both ready for round two..."