 I stumbled back to my room, sore and half in shock as to what had transpired today. I came home from work and caught my sister fucking my friend Randy, while her best friend Samantha got banged by Chris. My quick thinking enabled me to get the episode on videotape, as they then switched partners for some oral sex, then as the guys left, had some oral fun with each other.

My luck continued when Sam came over to my house to watch videos with my sister (Laurel) and I snuck the tape I’d made into the VCR. I blackmailed them into a wild night of sex, all of which I taped again. 

Samantha was sleeping over tonight, and I planned to call in sick to my internship tomorrow. But for now, I needed sleep. I'd cum at least four times today (including once by my own hand) and passed out as soon as my head hit the pillow. 

I woke up to a pounding on my door. It was my father, telling me I was going to be late for work. I mumbled something about not feeling well, and that I was calling in sick. He said something that sounded like "OK, I'll check in with you later", but I had already started falling back asleep.

I woke up at 9:30 and stumbled out of bed. I was only wearing my boxer shorts as I hunted around to make sure Samantha and Laurel were still here. I went downstairs and looked around, but all was quiet. I headed back upstairs and quietly opened Laurel's door. Both girls were still there, sleeping. They were both wearing t-shirts and their underwear. 

Laurel was 5-foot, 9-inches tall, 120 pounds, with brown hair and light green eyes. When she wasn't tanning herself she was working out, accounting for her washboard stomach and toned arms and legs. Her breasts were the typically full, firm mounds you'd expect of an athletic 18-year old, and from the couple of times her bras ended up in my laundry basket, I knew she was a 35C. Samantha was even more beautiful than my sister -- a little shorter at 5-foot, 8 inches, with red hair, full, pouty lips, and breasts that seemed to defy gravity. Both girls had shaved their beautiful pussies completely bare. 

Satisfied that they were still home, I went to the bathroom and washed up. My cock was hard again as I remembered the events of the last 16 hours. If it wasn't for the two videotapes in my room, I'd have thought I'd imagined the whole thing. 

As I walked out of the bathroom, I literally ran into Laurel. "Oh, sorry," she said. "Is it alright if I take a shower first?"

"Why don't you get Sam, and we'll all take one together," I said. "Showering's always more fun with a friend or two."

Laurel knew it wasn't a suggestion. 

We went into her room together, to wake up Samantha. 

"Get undressed," I told her. 

Wordlessly, Laurel got undressed. By now, she didn't bother with any signs of modesty as she got naked in front of her brother. Laurel sat on the bed next to Sam and gently shook her. 

"Not like that," I said sternly.

Laurel looked at me.

I pushed Samantha's underwear to the side and started rubbing her bare slit. "Use your mouth," I directed her, as I teased Sam's clit. 

Laurel laid on the bed and started licking Samantha's bare pussy. It wasn't long before I saw Samantha open her eyes and lift up her head. It must have been quite a sight to wake up to -- her best friend eating her pussy, while her best friend's brother fingered her clit. She laid back on the pillow and put her hands behind Laurel's head, grinding her pussy against her face. Both girls moaned loudly as Laurel ate her friend out, and I leaned down to suck on Sam's firm breasts. I pushed up her shirt as I hungrily attacked her nipples with my mouth, and the sensation of two people pleasuring her bringing Samantha quickly to the brink of orgasm. 

My cock was pressing against my shorts, straining for release. I worked my mouth back and forth between her tits as Laurel licked and sucked her beautiful pussy. I felt Samantha squirming next to me and her quick breaths told me she was going to cum very soon. Laurel knew it too, and she started sucking on Sam's clit. That's all it took to send Samantha over the edge, as she exploded all over my sister's face. Laurel licked up all her juices then moved up her body and kissed her passionately.

"Good morning," she said.

"Mmmmmmm, good morning," Sam replied.

"Sleep well," I asked.

"Woke up even better," Sam said.

"That's just my way of telling you it's time to take a shower. Get undressed."

Samantha quickly shed her clothes as I yanked off my boxer shorts. We headed into the bathroom as I turned on the water. Samantha didn't even bother asking for privacy as she relieved herself. Laurel got into the shower first, then me, and lastly, Samantha. We took turns soaping each other up, as I took extra care cleaning their breasts and pussies. Smantha caressed my cock slowly, gliding her soapy hands up and down my hard shaft.

My cock was bulging. 

"Bend over," I told Laurel, barely able to speak.

Laurel bent forward, her head even level with Samantha's breasts, as I stood behind her. I took my cock in my hand and guided it to her slick slit. 

I thrusted forward, easing my cock inside my sister. Last night I'd only fucked her ass. This was the first time I'd been inside her pussy, and it felt incredible. She was so slick from the soap I slid inside her easily. I grabbed her tits with my hands as I thrust in and out of her tight cunt. Samantha took Laurel's head and pressed it to her chest. Laurel held on to the wall as she licked and sucked Sam's breasts as I fucked her slowly from behind. 

I pulled half way out, then drove my cock hard and deep inside of her. Laurel moaned into Sam's chest with each thrust, as Samantha stood there, eyes closed, as she enjoyed my sister's attentions to her breasts. 

I had an idea, and stopped thrusting inside Laurel. I told Samantha to get on the floor, underneath me and Laurel. Samantha kneeled underneath us, and looked up. She was directly under Laurel's cunt, and had a perfect view of my cock sliding in and out. I pulled Samantha's mouth to Laurel's pussy, and she got the idea. 

Samantha started licking Laurel's pussy as I fucked her. Each time I pulled out, my shaft would glide against Sam's tongue. After a few thrusts, Samantha grabbed my ass and pulled me deep inside my sister. With my cock buried inside Laurel, Samantha concentrated on Laurel's clit and my balls, alternating her mouth between them. It was the most incredible thing I'd ever felt. Laurel used her internal muscles to work my cock inside of her as Samantha licked and sucked us both together. Sam's expert oral skills soon had Laurel cumming harder than I'd ever seen someone cum before. As her orgasm subsided, Samantha concentrated on my balls. She licked and sucked them into her mouth, and I quickly followed Laurel's orgasm with my own. 

The first two shots went deep inside Laurel. I slowly pulled out and shot the rest of my load all over the outside of Laurel's pussy and into Samantha's mouth. As my orgasm ended, Samantha cleaned my cum out of and off of Laurel's cunt, until she'd gotten every last drop. Laurel helped Sam to stand up, and they shared a long, passion-filled kiss. 

We were quickly running out of hot water, so we rinsed off and got out of the shower, dried off and went downstairs, all of us naked. It was after 10:00 and we were staving.

The girls whipped up breakfast while I made coffee.

As we finished eating, Samantha spoke. "So, Jake. Are you going to keep us naked all day, or do you have other plans for us?"

"Well I have some errands to do today, but I expect you here when I get back. You're also going to be the bar girls at my poker game tonight. Glen's house, 8:00."

"What do we have to do as 'bar girls'," Laurel asked.

"What it sounds like. Get the guys drinks, fill the snacks, stuff like that. And anything else the guys want from you, of course. Samantha," I said, turning towards her. "Are your parents home this weekend?"

"No, they're at the cabin. Won't be back until late Sunday night."

Samantha's parents had a cabin upstate they shared with another couple. They were usually there two weekends a month.

"Good. Laurel, you tell Mom & Dad you're staying at Sam's for the weekend. I'll tell them I'm crashing at Glen's. You're both going to be at my service all weekend."

I looked at my watch. It was nearly 11:00. "I'm going to do get dressed and do my errands. I'll see you later."

I went to the bank, the convenience store for refreshments for later, and then to the costume shop. I got two 'French maid' outfits for the girls to wear tonight. I also went to the adult store downtown and picked out two vibrators, a double-ended dildo, a strap-on and some handcuffs.

By the time I got home, it was after 3:00. The girls were in the living room. Samantha had fallen asleep on the couch. Laurel was sitting in the easy chair, watching the video from last night. She was up to the part where I was fucking Samantha from behind, and I could see that she was fingering her pussy as she watched. 

"Enjoying the replay," I asked. 

Laurel jumped in surprise, hitting the "pause" button on the remote. "I didn't hear you come in," she said.

"Well I can see why. You were a little engrossed in the TV."

Laurel sat back down on the couch. On the screen you could see my cock splitting Samantha's cunt, her full breasts hanging down below her like ripe melons. Off to the side you could see Laurel's hands massaging her pussy, just like she was now. 

"So what were you thinking, watching me fuck your friend like that?"

"I was thinking how much I wanted you to be fucking me. I mean, I know you're my brother, but at that point I didn't care. I was so hot, I just wanted your cock inside of me."

I pulled out one of the vibrators and handed it to Laurel. "Show me what you wanted."

Laurel took the vibrator and turned it on. She rubbed it back and forth against her wet slit, getting it all slick before slipping it inside of her. She moaned softly. 

"Tell me what you wanted me to do to you."

"I wanted you to fuck me. I wanted to feel your hard cock slipping in and out of my wet pussy. To feel your hands on my tits, rubbing them and squeezing them." 

She was fucking herself faster and deeper with the vibrator.

"How did you want it? On your back, from behind or you on top."

"I want to be on top, so you could see your cock sliding in and out."

"Mmmm. I love being on bottom so I can play with your firm breasts. Keep going."

Laurel was fucking herself very quickly by now. 

"I wanted to slide up and down your cock. To watch the look on your face as I squeezed your cock deep inside of me as my orgasm got closer and closer. You'd reach up to my breasts and knead them between your fingers, playing with my nipples. I'd lean down and offer them to you as you sucked them hard into your mouth as I bounced up and down, drawing you deep inside my cunt. Ohhh Goddd Jake, I'm so close."

"Cum for me, Laurel. I want to watch you cum for me." 

That was all it took. Laurel slid the dildo deep inside her and came hard. Her whole body shuddered as her orgasm ripped through her. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever watched. Off to the side, we heard some moaning. Samantha had woken up and was fingering her cunt, watching Laurel fuck herself with the dildo. Laurel was making so much noise herself, we hadn't heard Samantha wake up.

I kneeled next to her, as she laid back on the couch, her eyes closed, as she drove her fingers in and out of her cunt. I whispered in her ear. "Oh yes, Sam. Cum for me. Imagine those are my fingers inside of you, teasing you, rubbing your clit."

Samantha's breathing got faster.

"Ohhhh you're so wet, Samantha. I can feel how wet you are, how easily my fingers slide in and out of your beautiful pussy." I wasn't even touching her, but my words were enough for her to imagine it was me fingering her, and not herself masturbating.

I took the vibrator Laurel had just fucked herself with. It was slick with her juices.

"Mmmmm, I can't wait to fuck you. I want to take my fingers out and slip my thick cock inside of you."

I put the vibrator in her hands, and Samantha quickly drove it inside herself. 

"Ohhhh yes, Samantha. That feels so good. You're so tight, I can feel my thick cock rubbing against the walls of your pussy. Mmmmm....I barely pull out before thrusting quickly back inside of you. I fuck you faster and faster..."

Samantha acted out my words with the vibrator. Laurel had moved next to me, watching her friend fuck herself with 'my cock'. 

Samantha was fucking herself faster and faster. Her breathing was coming quicker, and I could tell her orgasm was quickly building. 

"Oh yes, cum for me, Sam. I'm so close."

My cock was pulsing with excitement. I took Laurel's hand and placed it on my cock. She started rubbing me back and forth.

"Oh yessss....I'm so close, Sam. Cum for me. I want you feel you cumming with my cock buried deep inside of you." 

Samantha exploded in ecstasy. "Ohhhhhh GODDDDDDDDDD JAKE. Ohhhh GODDDDDDDD."

"I'm cumming too, Sam....I'm cumming too...."

I stood up as Laurel pumped my cock. I breathed in sharply and came, shooting my load all over Sam's stomach. The feeling of my cum hitting her body sent Samantha into another wild orgasm.

When we both settled down, Samantha opened her eyes and saw my cum all over her stomach. "That was incredible, Jake. I've never cum so hard before." 

Laurel bent forward and started licking my cum off of Samantha's body.

"Save some for me, too," Sam said.

Laurel scooped some of my cum on her finger, and held it out to Samantha. Sam licked her finger clean.

It was after 4:00.

"Why don't you two go clean up and get ready for tonight. I bought you your outfits. You'll need to change after we leave, since Mom & Dad can't see what you're wearing. Oh and one more thing -- no underwear tonight. Now go take a shower and get cleaned up."

I straightened up downstairs while they took a shower. I couldn't leave any evidence out for my parents to find when they got home. 

The girls came downstairs and joined me to watch TV. My parents came home around 6, and after dinner, we told our parents of our weekend plans. My sister would be staying at Sam's, while I'd be at Glen's. The excuse served two important purposes. First, it got us out of the house, and second, my parents didn't question the duffel bags we carried out of the house. Of course instead of real clothes, they had the 'French maid' outfits for the girls. They wouldn't need much clothes besides that this weekend.

At a quarter after seven, we left. I told my parents I'd drop the girls off at Sam's house on the way to Glen's. My father commented about me feeling better, and I said something about just needing some extra rest, I guess.

Out the door without any suspicions, we headed to Samantha's house. I handed the girls their outfits and reminded them of the 'no underwear' rule. They took off their clothes and put on their outfits. Needless to say, they looked incredible. Their breasts were barely contained in their tops, and their asses were barely covered by their short skirts.

I reminded them that nothing was out of bounds tonight, and if one of the guys wanted them, they had to submit. 

A few minutes after eight, we left for Glen's. The guys were usually on-time, and I wanted to make a grand entrance.

We got to Glen's a quarter after eight. I led the girls inside. Everyone stopped talking when they saw me and the girls. 

"Holy shit, Jake," yelled Glen. "What's going on?"

"Forgetting the reasons why, Laurel and Samantha are going to be at our service tonight. Anything you need -- and I mean anything -- they will provide it for you."

The guys looked stunned. Besides me, there were five other guys there: Glen, Steve, Michael, Paul and Dave. Nobody spoke. 

"Stay here."

I went to the table and picked up a deck of cards. I took them out of the pack and walked over to Samantha and Laurel. I stood in between them, the three of us facing away from the poker table. I threw the cards in the air, and they scattered all over the floor.

"Bending at the waist, clean that up."

The girls did as they were told, giving the guys a clear view of their bare asses. 

They understood now.

The girls picked up all the cards and handed them back to me. I took them back to the table and sat down. I told Samantha to get me a beer from the fridge, and said to the rest of the guys, "C'mon, let's play cards."

Samantha brought me my beer and I pulled her down to my lap. I slid my hands under her blouse and massaged her firm breasts. I kissed her hard, driving my tongue in and out of her mouth as I brought her nipples to full attention. Breaking our kiss, I gave her a swat on her ass, and asked if anyone else wanted something. The guys shouted out drink orders to Laurel and Sam as fast as they could. The girls dutifully brought the drinks and let the guys paw their bodies as a "tip".

The game moved on, and after an hour I was up 10 bucks. (We played small-ante games mostly). The girls performed their bar job well, keeping our drinks full and our cocks hard. 

At one point, when Samantha and Laurel were both in the kitchen getting drinks, I decided to push things along a bit. I followed them in the kitchen, and ordered them to remove their tops. They looked at me and started to protest but I cut them off.

"You don't want Mom & Dad seeing that tape, do you." I reminded them.

They took off their tops. 

I sat back down at the table and waited for the girls to make their grand re-entrance. I was sitting next to Dave, across from the entryway between the kitchen and the dining room. The other guys were sitting looking at their cards, or with their backs to the kitchen, so when I saw the girls coming, I elbowed Dave in the ribs. He said "What the f---" but when I pointed at the girls, he stopped and dropped his cards.

"Holy shit," he yelled. 

Everyone stopped and turned around to see what was happening. There were a lot of mumbled exclamations as the girls entered the living room carrying the drinks, their firm breasts bouncing proudly in front of them. As Laurel put her drink down, she walked past me and I pulled her into my lap, facing away from me. I pushed her hair to the side and started kissing her neck as I slid my hands up to her breasts. In full view of my friends, I rubbed and teased my sister's bare breasts as she rubbed her ass back and forth on my cock. I patted her thighs and she got up. Soon every guy had pulled each of the girls onto his lap once, feeling and groping their bare breasts. After around 20 minutes or so (and I had to remind the guys to 'share' or they'd keep the girls on their lap all night) we got things back around to playing cards, though the other guys were so flustered, it was hard for them to concentrate on the game. 

By 10:30 I was up around $40, Michael was up $50, Paul was around even, Dave was down a buck or two, and Glen and Steve were down big. Again, it was time to 'kick it up a notch', and I had the girls remove their skirts. This time there was no protesting and when I went back to the table, the game had stopped and all eyes were turned towards the kitchen. When the girls came back in completely naked, a huge cheer went up from the table that probably woke the neighbors. 

I pushed my chair back, and pulled Samantha onto my lap, with her back pressed against my chest. I spread her legs apart, exposing her bare cunt to the room and started fingering her pussy. I worked two fingers in and out of her tight slit, my free hand pulling on her hard nipples. After a few minutes of exclusive attention to her clit, I had Samantha cumming hard on my lap. I told her to go get a drink for herself, as Glen grabbed my sister and started playing with her pussy. Hoots and hollers went up from the table as Glen got Laurel to cum even faster than Samantha, and as she stood up, Dave grabbed her and started working his fingers in and out of her wet cunt too.
