 Together.

Wife called me after lunch once she reached home. Oh well, I will give you her name. Sherin. That’s her name. She is is just over five feet tall, well built, great boobs, great but. She comes from a rich family. She is very conscious of her weight so often goes to the gym. Her long black hair are straight and fall to just than the shoulder blades. She has small tiny nipples, unlike Kiran’s who has large dark ones. She likes to keep her cunt clean shaven. Her pussy lips are thin and flare beautiful showing off her cunt when she spreads her lips. She has a wide mouth, which makes me wonder why she fears taking the cock in. Small mouthed women may find giving a good head, but wide lips people are supposed to be good atit. Maybe it is just the style she grew up in. She fucked around a little before she met me. Small one time affairs, so it hardly possible that she got the chance to give a good head.

She is a beautiful women. And our sexual life is a healthy one. We fuck two three times a week, have a good social life and have always flirted within range. 

Evening when I came home she was wearing her maroon lingerie. And that was a good hint what she wanted. We had a dinner. I could see she was a bit fluttery wanting to ask about the weekend. She had probably talked to her friend. And I had talked to Kiaran too so that I knew shat she had told Sherin.

“So,” she asked me at last, “anything exciting happened while I was gone?”

“Should it have. Well are you referring to your present are you?”

“Of course I am. Tell me everything. She really had hots on you and I know you found her hot too so I thought what the hell. But please tell me everything. Every little detail, she refuses to give me detail and asks me to get it from you.”

“Of course I will tell you the details. But don’t you think it would nice to here them when we are making love?”

We left that at that, finished the dinner, she went off to the kitchen to wash the dishes. I watched halfway through a movie. She returned fast enough. We went to bed.

I told her some details, making it a point to tell her how fucking good at blowjob she was. Telling her she sucked my juices off. And how I asked are about it she said it was all in practice. Even she got choked at first and hated semen. I casually told her about how we talked about schools for such thing. Learning how to suck cocks or cunts, how but fuck. I wanted to ease her into my plan. But she surprised me. 

“Tell me one fucking thing, is there anything I do better than her?”

I was afraid of this, nut quite honestly no one I have ever fucked could use her cunt the way Sherin did. I told her that. Kiran was too passive when it came to normal fucking. She did not have the right moves. Actually she could learn a lot about how to prepare for sex and not spring it on a man. And maybe she could learn from Sherin how to use her cunt well. As Sherin could learn from Kiran how to use her cunt to the fullest. That would make both perfect.

That’s when she said with a small laugh. “Maybe I could invite her next weekend for a few lessons. You could be the subject.” 

“Would you really like that?” I asked, actually leading her on. “Could you watch while fuck her, my cock going in and out of her mouth? Or her watching while we fucked like crazy, your legs wrapped around me. Your cunt tight as a bitch?” 

“Oh baby yeah” she said hoarsely her cunt juices flowing. 

I entered her. The tight smooth cunt. It tightened around my cock like a sucking machine, her inner muscles contracting like a vibrator. 

“Maybe” I kept up the talk, fucking slowly. “My cock in while I lick her pussy.” She was jerking like mad, coming. “Or maybe my cock in you while you lick her cunt. suck clit.”

She jerked and shuddered again, coming. “You like that don’t you?”

“Oh yeah.... I want it bad baby. I want to learn everything from her and anyone who is better. Tell me did you take her ass?”

“Oh it was beautiful baby, tight like hell, you know something we were doing it all wrong, not lubricating it enough. It take almost take a whole tube to get lubricate the ass. But how she got me to do it is a long story, I can’t tell you now. Later I will tell all the gory details. But honey it was one fuck I am not going to forget soon.”

I was fucking her slowly, long slow strokes, my talk had also kept my mind off the sex. She had come several times now.

This was a good time to bring out the other plan. Put it out into open. Test the water, so to say. 

“And you know sweet, I realized this weekend how much I need to learn about fucking too. I come too fast, I don't prolong the fuck long enough, you deserve better and I need to learn too. I want to give you the same present you gave me. But I want to be there. I want to see another man take you, would you want feel what it is to be fucked by someone who really knows it. I want to watch you come like I came, in mad frenzy.”

She was coming like a machine gun. “I want to see a cock working in your wonderful cunt while you suck me, no my cock fucking you while you suck another one”. Her mouth was open wide moving like a cock was in it, she was shuddering and her body in spasms as her juices trickles out of her cunt like a tap. I have never seen my woman get so wild.

I was near explosion too. I spoke in broken sentences too as I fucked harder and faster. “You know what would be best? What I would like most? I fucking your ass while the poor bastard gets to enjoy the most wonderful cunt in the world. And your lips on Kiran’s cunt, sucking her to seventh heaven.” She screamed. Her body arched up the maximum it could, her cunt tightened around me, squeezing my shaft hard. I came, poured my pent up liquid into her. I kept throbbing and jerking along with her cunt for minutes. Even though there was nothing left to come out it felt I had poured gallons into her. We fell back together.

It took us nearly fifteen minutes to get our breath back enough to be able to talk. She slapped my but. “You stud, if this is how you fuck after having another woman then go and have one everyday.”

“Not after having just another woman my love. Only a woman you bring to me. That’s what made it beautiful and special. Or else it would be sleazy thing, full of guilt. Only because we know about it, are talking about and are jealous about it that it has improved the performance. And let me tell you one thing right here. A million women cannot change what I have with you. You are the love of my life. You are my wife. All others will be the ones I fuck, only you will be the one I make love to. I will never fuck another woman until you know of it before hand, until you agree, and maybe be there with me. That’s a promise. And I hope you will give me the same respect: Fuck any man you want, as long as I know of it. And maybe there with you. DOn’t don’t it behind my back. And of course, if I am not around, tell me every goddamn detail about it.”

She took a long breath. Or relationship was changing, into something more beautiful and honest.Into something more concrete. “I promise you that. Because you will always be my husband, my man, because my love to you comes from the heart and not from just the desire of the body. I am not even certain I can fuck another man, I feel too scared, I don’t even know how to seduce one. But the talk, the thought of someone else in me was so sweet, made come several times. Maybe one day we will do it, but first we invite Kiran next weekend.” She smiled and rolled over on top. “But keep talking that way when we make love. It is fun.and really satisfying too. But please tell me about what happened with Kiran, that part about her ass. Please, please.”

I wanted a drink badly. I told her so, we went out, while she made a drink I sat on the swing outside just wearing my shorts. She came out in her nightgown. Sitting there with the cool breeze Itold her of the first night with Kiran. She shuddered at some parts, her hand caught mine and moved it to her pussy, dripping like crazy. I finished the story. She did not say a word. We went back to bed and made love again. She did not speak a word about that night. Was she scared I thought. I hope I had not put her off in any way.

We went about our business the next day. She and Kiran talked everyday as they usually did. Kiran couldn’t come the next weekend as her Mom had dropped by for a visit. We did not even see her the whole week and most of the next.

The next Tuesday Sherin told me that Kiran had agreed to be our guest for the weekend. She busied herself redoing some of the decor. Changed the rugs and all. At night when I approached her she turned me down. “No sex until the weekend, hon. I want us starved for it. And don’t you dare masturbate either stud. Sleep now and be as fit and healthy as you can for the weekend.”

I was a bit down too with all the sex. Even though I couldn’t help my ever rising cock, I decided her plan had merit. We abstained from sex the whole week. Sherin was home when I returned from work on Friday. I could see she had beauty busy the whole day, her hair looked it had been done, her skin glowed from her visit to a beauty parlour. She gave me tea and went to shower. She came out looking stunning in a deep red dress. It had a low neckline and dropped sideways to her knees. I had never seen this one before, must have just bought it. She said: “What are you doing slouch, get up and get ready, I have put your clothes on the bed.”

“Are we going out?” I asked. I thought it was going to be just us huddled together the whole weekend. 

“Of course we are. You are going to take two beautiful women to an expensive dinner, have some champagne. Let’s make it romantic weekend.”

I was just spraying some perfume on myself when I heard the door opening. I came out. Kiran was there, hair as well done as Sherin’s, skin as glowing. Both had paid a visit to a beautician together, I should have guessed. But she was not dressed to go out. Was wearing her home shorts and a singlet. But my wife as I should have known had planned the whole affair, she had bought her a green dress, slightly than her own but than looked as stunning on Kiran. She had even got her a matching pair of shoes and bag. 

We went to a beautiful garden restaurant in the outskirts famous for its food as ot was for its environment and cost. We had a wonderful dinner, all of us conscious of not eating too so as to make us lethargic, but with enough calories to hold us on for the night. We enjoyed small talk, Kiran told us some hilarious stories from her work place, Sherin told us funny jokes, we laughed all though. Never did we once refer to sex. The bottle of champagne empty I asked if I should order some wine to end the dinner. Kiran refused, wine changed her personality, she said. And did I know how?! We decided to forego wine, after all there was plenty at home if wanted some. Kiran said she would mind a whiskey with soda later, Sherin piped she wouldn’t mind one too. 

We reached home. It was just past eight thirty. Sherin switched the lights to a dim state. The home looked cosy and romantic, the fragrance of fresh roses in the air, she had put some fresh ones in the room. The bedroom I knew had a big bowl of jasmines and roses. I had drunk in its heady perfume just hours earlier. 

Sherin disappeared into the kitchen to get glasses for the whisky. I looked at Kiran, she really looked stunning. Herpale green dress showing off nicely, as I have mentioned earlier she did not have the tits of my wife that made her chest so wonderfully sexy, but my thoughts went to what was behind the dress between her legs. Was she wearing a panty? I wondered, was it wet? I would know soon enough. Kiran returned with a tray with three glass. We raised the glasses: “To a new relationship.” toasted Sherin. We agreed. 

A couple of sips later Sherin picked up her glass and said: “Lets go to the bedroom, it is much cooler there.” We picked up our glasses and followed her. She closed the door and turned to me and said. “Undress us hon, one by one, just as you would undress two women you love. Her first.” I reached for Kirans zipper at the back. Sherin intervened. “Come on, hon. That’s not how you undress me, kiss her first, caress her hair, touch her all over.” And held Kiran’s head in my palms and kissed her lightly, let my lips fluttering over her eyes, cheeks, nibbled her earlobes. I knew Sherin was watching me but now I did not care, the woman’s heady perfume was turning me on. My hands moved down her back to Kiran’s ass. I squeezed her ass while my lips sought her and locked into a deep kiss. I heard a deep sigh from my wife and glanced at her: She was flushed her lips open.

I turned to the my whore. She was moaning softly too. My fingers found the zipper and pulled it down, I moved away a bit to pull the dress down. The dress fell to her feet. She was wearing black lace under garments. I unhooked the bra, a small tits increased in size slightly, free from confines. I went down on my knees kissing her belly and belly button. My hands hooked the panty and brought it down exposing my naked whore to my fully dressed wife, who had now walked behind Kiran to look at her ass. She hesitatingly moved her hand to touch the firm and big ass.

I got up to my feet and gently pushed Kiran to bed. I took one step towards Sherin. She was already hot I could easily see. Her cunt must be real wet by now. I caressed her, pushing away the strands of hair from her forehead. Pinching her cheeks softly as I always do, I kissed her eyes, cheeks, making my way down to the throat and returning to her soft warm lips. My hand on her boos, her beautiful taut boobs I knew would even make Kiran want suck and fondle them. I squeezed the breast, turning slightly so they were in Kiran’s view. I squeezed them and unzipped my beautiful cunt’s dress. It fell down easily over her cute small buttocks. She too was earing lace, but red undergarments. I freed her of the both. giving my cunt a lick while I was there. 

Kiran was watching her hand on her pussy.

Two naked women in my bed, one beautiful cunt, my wife, another my whore. My wife turned to Kiran. “Come darling, help me undress my man.”

And then I knew what heaven must be like, two pairs of hands unbuttoned my clothes while two sets of lips burned my skin, as both lips reached mine, one pair had to give, my cunt locked her lips to mine, Kiran lifted Sherin’s hair from her shoulder and began kissing her licking her all the way down to the Sherin’s ass. She squeezed each ass cheek with her hands, seeing my erect rod she stroked it. cupped my balls gently.

They both pushed me to the bed. My cunt held my cock in both hand, bent forward and reverently kissed it. Then looking into Kiran’s eyes said: “Come Kiran, please suck this beautiful cock like only you can. I want to learn from you, but not now, later maybe. Now just pleasure this handsome stud.”

Kiran obliged. fucking my cock slowly while my wife moved to my lips and began kissing me deeply. My hand reached for her cunt, her thighs were wet with her flowing juices. I finger fucked her. She moaned into my mouth: I told her to give me her cunt. She came over me, her thighs on either side as she sat, I shook my head asking her to turn around and face Kiran. “Watch her suck your husbands cock, baby. Put your sweet lips on it too, kiss her, fondle her.”

She turned and soon Sherin was crooning to Kiran. “Like the my husband’s fat cock Kiran? I love its feel in my cunt. Fills me up. Beautiful rod isn’t it, look at the veins standing up. Look at the beautifully carved head. Did you feel a twinge of jealously that I can fuck this man any time of day or night. Kiss me girl, let taste his flavor from your lips.” They were kissing now, and then two pair of lips began to work on my shaft. Kiran went lower to the base and the balls, Sherins sucked the rest. Then Kiran left the rod. Saying sorry girl, I don’t want to disturb an expert doing her job. She began to kiss Kiran on her head and neck and shoulder. My tongue was now ready for her clit that was standing erect to demand attention. I gave it one a few lick to wet it nicely and then began sucking it. She stiffened. And moaned. 

“Oh Kiran baby, can I have my cock back, I need it badly in my cunt. Please baby, please.”

Kiran did not pay any attention to her. Sherin kept moaning and begging and when she got desperate and tried to moved her away from my cock, Kiran let go my rod and said: “Listen darling, I know it is your cock, I know you can fuck him anytime, anywhere, and I know you don’t want to learn anything today. But remember one thing that you MUST learn. Don’t ever leave a cock until you have squeezed his juice, and don't let him leave your cunt until you collapse from coming. All that is happening is that your are coming, and you are used to his cock inside you when you come. Close your fucking eyes and imagine a big fat cock in it. If you still can’t do it then go do something else and cool yourself. I will help you after I am finished, I can feel him coming anytime now anyway. So back off.” She took a few deep breaths after the monologue and reached forward to take a sip of whisky. And then went back to the cock, plunging it down her throat till the hilt cupping the balls gently. She was right that I was coming, the respite due to her talking had helped only delay it by moments. I had left my wife’s cunt to hear her say. I went back to it. Slowing down on the clit this time, gently biting the pussy lips and licking the inside. 

And then my whore fluttered her tongue on the head of my cock and plunged in, caressing the underside with her tongue. My cock began to swell and exploded. She held it deep down her throat her head jerking by the throbbing rods impact. Slowly as the throbbing ceased she pulled it out. licking and sucking it. Squeezing and watching as a little drop oozed out and snapping it up like lizard with a flick of her tongue. My wife head stopped moving and was watching in amazement. She her had never done this. And that Kiran was doing it and enjoying it so much surprised her. Kiran put her cheeks on my still slightly throbbing cock and rubs them. Then she put her nose on it and took a deep breath drinking in the fragrance of the semen. 

Then she got up. Took one big gulp of her whiskey and gave my wife who took a sip too. She gently held wife by the armpits and moved her away. She gave me my glass which my parched throat badly needed. She lay wife down beside me. Then climbing over on the bed, she stood between us, her legs apart. Her voice was now her husky sexy self. “Look at my cunt darling, look at my juices flowing, Sherin baby.” And they were, down until her heels now. “While sucking your man, sending him to seventh heaven, I was imagining a fat big cock in my cunt. And one fat big cock in my but. And when you came near me, your kissing me, your lips were not on my neck and shoulders, they were on my pussy, sucking my clitoris, your tongue fluttering and my black puckered asshole. And even as was sucking your man I was coming too. Fucking does not have to be just a cock in your cunt baby, you can come a thousand time by a tongue and lips. Look at my cunt girl, it not as beautiful as yours, it has thick ugly pussy, but look how the pussy is still shaking from the coming. Touch it darling feel the heat.” My darling touched her cunt. Holding her hand and moving it over her cunt Kiran continued. “Feel the heat Sherin girl? Feel the ugly lips shaking? Just imagine how wonderful your beautiful cunt will look shaking like this. And with your stud working on you, sucking your button, you cunt will shake and quiver like never before, more than mine. Just let him please you like he would like to please him. 

She sat down on the edge of the bed, I got up and my beautiful cunt moved to give her more room. She bent forward to kiss my wife’s cunt, gave it a lick. She spread her legs further apart and gave me a nod to move to my wife’s cunt. I did. She held Sherin head, cuddled her, pushed away her damp hair from the forehead. I began licking my wife’s beautiful pussy lips, sucking them softly, priming her before I began she was ready for clitoris. Sherin began to moan softly. Kiran began to croon. 
