 I was so excited to see my son's name on my phone. He's in his final year of University and I hardly ever hear from him anymore. He only comes home at Christmas and summer break. Spring Break is next week and I didn't expect him to come home, but I had hoped.

"Jacob!" I answer enthusiastically. 

"Hey mom! I can't talk long but I need a favor!" He said in a rush. "A couple of my frat brothers are driving down to Mexico for spring break. Can they stay at your house for a night or two on their way down?"

I groaned. Whenever Jacob's home my house becomes a frat house, laundry, beer cans, and trash. "How many, exactly?" 

"Just Austin, Declan, and Isaac. They'll be on their best behavior, I promise."

I agree reluctantly and get started on getting the house ready for three grown men with the minds of adolescent boys. 

Friday afternoon the door bell rings. I open the door to three strapping young men on my front porch, each with a large bag. I am immediately enveloped in a tight 4-person hug, each boy as excited to see me as if I were there own mother. I forget that some of these boys don't get home very often. 

I show them to their room and offer them some ice cold beer after they settle in. 

The first boy to come down was Austin. He was average height with model like features and looked to be a strong body that came from working out frequently. During our discussion I find out he's an avid gym rat. He's majoring in psychology, but plans to become a personal trainer after college. He takes one look out my back door and offers to mow my lawn. My husband died when Jacob was 9 and since Jacob went off to college the lawn only gets mowed when I get around to calling a gardener.

I watch out the window as he takes off his shirt and starts the mower, his muscles rippling as he rears back with the cord. That young man is going to make some girl very happy someday.

My dirty thoughts are interrupted by Declan. "Thanks for letting us stay Mrs. Baker." Declan is tall, closer the 6 feet, lean with a swimmer's body, light brown hair and the lightest brown eyes I've ever seen, almost a tan color. I remember Jacob telling me he was a state champion swimmer in high school and is studying to be an engineer. 

"Please, call me Lila." I tell him as I had him a beer. He notices Austin mowing my lawn. Not to be outdone by his overachieving frat brother, he asks what he can do to help. I tell him the weed wacker is in the garage if he'd like to start on the trim. He takes his shirt off on the way out the door and throws it at me with a smile. I allow myself a brief look at his shorts, the way his firm ass fills it out nicely. It's only when he's out of sight that I notice someone standing next to me. Isaac. He's watching me watch the shirtless young men in my yard with a grin. I'm a little embarrassed to be caught perving on these kids by my son's best friend. I'd never met Isaac, but I feel like I have. Jacob talks about him all the time. He's a surfer kid from LA. His father died when he was young, which is what bonded the boys. He grabs the beer I hand him and fingers brush briefly. "What do you want me to do for you." I imagine his face buried between my legs, my fingers gripping his shoulder-length blonde hair. 

I step out of the dirty daydream. His smile is wide like he was seeing the same image I was. 

"I could just use some company." I link my arm through his and step out onto the back porch and direct him to the patio furniture. I sit on the love seat and he plops down next to me. He whips his shirt over his head. What is with these boys and their perfect bodies? They look like works of art. 

"Sorry." He says when he notices me staring at his abs. "I just didn't want to be the only one here with a shirt on." He laughs and looks down at my shirt. "Oh, oops. I guess I'm not." 

I flush and take a large swig of my beer. Well, I did have my bikini on underneath. I grab the hem of my shirt and just before I pull it over my head I see Isaac's eyes go wide. I'm not sure he was expecting that. 

"Holy shit, Mrs. Baker. You're smoking hot under those clothes." Spurred on by this young man's admiration, I stand up and pull my shorts off. 

I sit back down next to Isaac, my bare leg touching his, his eyes locked on my D-cups, barely covered by the black string bikini top. "Do not call me Mrs. Baker. My name is Lila." 

His mouth turns up in a smile. His blue eyes piercing me, dancing with laughter. "I'm sorry, how can I make it up to you?" He whispers seductively. His arm is on the back of the love seat and I feel his fingers graze my shoulder, heat sending sparks down my arm. 

I take a final swig of my beer and take his empty one from him. "I'll think of something" I whisper and walk into the house for more beer, knowing full well those boys are watching my ass in the bikini. I see in the reflection of the sliding glass door that Austin and Declan had both stopped their yardwork to stare. 

I come back out with a pitcher of stiff margaritas and 4 glasses. I motion for the boys to join us and they eagerly drop their work to come join the party. 

"Are you boys going out tonight? I'm sure Jacob gave you the name of all the best bars to pick up chicks in town." 

Isaac responds immediately "He did, but I think I'd really rather just stay in tonight." The other boys both nod in agreement. Isaac turns to the other boys "You sure? I'd be happy to stay and keep Lila company tonight." He lays his hand on my knee, his thumb moving in a circular motion on my skin. 

I put my hand over Isaac's and look right at both of the other boys. "I think if they'd like to stay in we can manage to have a little party of our own, right boys? Why don't you two go shower and I'll see what I can do to get some dinner started." 

They enthusiastically ran for the door, racing each other to the showers, leaving Isaac and I alone on the deck. He leans in, and his mouth meets my neck. His hand moves up from my knee to cup my breast, gently squeezing and using his thumb to pull the nipple loose from the material. His mouth works its way down my chest and brings my nipple into his mouth. I feel the vibration of his groan into my chest. I gently push his head lower, looking to fulfill the brief dirty daydream I had earlier of his head between my legs. I want to come all over his pretty face. He kneels between my legs and unties the strings on both sides of my bikini letting the material fall down revealing my waxed pussy, completely hairless. He brings his face down, his tongue seperating the folds, flicking my clit. His fingers invade me, pumping in and out. I grab his blonde hair in my fists and grind my cunt into his face. I arch my back and release a primal cry. I open my eyes to see Austin and Declan standing at the back door, watching Isaac on his knees between my legs, lapping up the rest of my cum from my dripping pussy.

"I think you're friends are feeling left out." I motioned for them to join us. The two young boys scramble over, dropping their towels on the way. Isaac backs away, allowing one of the other boys to feast on my already soaked pussy. Isaac moves next to me, his 8 inch rod hard as a rock and staring right at me, a drop of pre cum glistening the tip. I licked it off, and took his full length in my mouth, loosening up my throat for his long shaft. He pumped his cock deep in my throat aggressively while I came on yet another young man's face, while he eagerly lapped it up. 

To my left is a lonely young man with his cock in his hand, patiently waiting his turn. Without taking Isaac's cock out of my mouth, I reached over and grabbed his shaft out of his hand and began stroking his cock. 

"It's about time you got fucked, Mrs. Baker." Isaac instructed the boy with his face still buried in my cunt to lay on his back. I straddled this strapping young man and lowered my wet cunt onto his throbbing dick. It felt so good to have a dick fill me so completely that I cried out in pleasure. I rode that cock hard, my tits bouncing while Isaac stood back and watched with a smile, his hard cock in his hand. I felt someone behind me. I felt his hands on my shoulders, and the tip of his cock pressed against my ass. I felt the pressure as it penetrated my ass, sliding deep inside. Rocking back and forth, I felt the orgasm building, I was going to explode. Isaac kneeled next to the young man on the ground below me, who opened his mouth eagerly and Isaac slid his dick right in his mouth and face fucked him. It didn't take long before Isaac was cumming. He pulled his cock out and sprayed it all over his face. I leaned down and licked the warm salty liquid from his face. I came so intensely that my body convulsed on these two young boys. 

The rest of the night went pretty much the same. 

A few days later I get a call from my son thanking him for letting his friends stay. They told him they had a great time. Me too.