 'Hey babe?' a sweet feminine voice calls out. 'Is she here yet?' 

'In here baby.' he replies, lifting my hips up so he can use his mouth to talk. 

I'm suddenly all flustered. I completely forgot about the girlfriend. I try to hold back the progress of my pleasure, which my new friend is not making easy. I hear the bedroom door creak open and i peer over my shoulder. 

The cutest girl I have ever seen stood in the doorway. Dressed like a doll, with sea green, sultry eyes. Pastel pink makeup enhancing her adorable features, round cheeks, big lashes, strawberry blonde curls falling onto her shoulders.

'How could you start without me?' she's pouts, but her eyes are transfixed on me and my pussy. I try to wiggle away from his grasp; I'm suddenly pretty embarrassed. But he's not letting me go anywhere. The dildo just keeps pumping, unrelenting.

'Well can you blame me babe? I mean just look at her.' 

'You're right, but now I've got some catching up to do.' 

I don't know what comes over me, but I manage to form a sentence together.

'well if you get that pussy over here, I'll make it up to you.'

For a second, he stops. I think I actually shocked him. He forgets that I am a switch, of course. She whips her knickers off before I can even take a breath and jumps onto the bed, her legs spread before me, like meat on a silver platter. 

'You can carry on now, Sir.' I gently remind him. He eventually remembers himself and starts pumping and licking with new fervour, and I get to work on this delicious morsel in front of me.

Her smell is as sweet as her look. My mouth is as wet as my pussy and I can't help myself. I usually like to take my time with a woman, but I was too hungry. My face dives between her folds and I make out with her lips, my tongue swirling around her clit. Her thighs clamp around my ears, and so all of her moans are muffled. I relish in my playtime. Enjoying my pussy being sucked and hammered, while I get to suck, nibble and lick this delicious girl. 

His speed is incredible now and I can't hold back any longer. An almighty scream leaves my throat. All of my muscles tense up. The dildo stops moving. I think because my powerful vagina has gripped it tight. The vibrations of my orgasmic scream move up into her little pussy and she starts to moan loudly, her thighs gripping my head tighter. 

But I collapse. I can't go anymore. I'm spent. But I want more. So much more. 

He removes himself from my grasp, and she just strokes my hair as I lay in her lap.

He moves round to the head of the bed where she sits, and kisses her deeply. I can hear their lips gently smacking together. 

'I've missed you babygirl. I've been desperate to play with you.'

'Me too Daddy. Me too. Can we play while she recovers?' 

'Mmm, ok.' I try to shift out the way, but it's not happening, my muscles are too weak. 'I need to cum so badly, you're gonna drink it like a good babygirl aren't you?' 

'Make me Daddy, make me drink it.' 

While I am lying, helpless, breathless, in-between her perfect thighs, he straddles me so his thighs are on either side of my head as well. I can feel his soft testicles just brushing cheek. I open my eyes to see his almighty cock, erect and poised. I see his hand grab her beautiful locks and thrust his cock inside her willing mouth. 

I just lay there, motionless, watching his thick manhood slide in and out of her lovely lips. His balls swinging, brushing my cheek with every thrust. I have an excellent view of his throbbing vein running up his shaft, purple with rushing blood. Watching their tantalising movements, somehow made me very jealous. I wanted that dick in my mouth. The lust in me gives new life to my muscles and i slowly lift my hand to cup his clenching buttocks, and that soon evolves into me pushing him into each thrust. Then my tongue pokes out and starts to lick his scrotum. Licking turns to sucking, and then my hand starts wandering from his cheek to his crack, and then lower, and lower. Following his crease, i find his sweet spot. And then i simply press, ever so gently, inside him. He gasps, he moans, he grunts and pulls out of her gaping mouth, his cum squirting across her face and dripping onto mine. 

'Oh my god,' he eventually says, breathlessly. 'I'm definitely going to have to go for a smoke. I won't be long.' He climbs off us, his cock still dripping, his butt glistening with sweat. We get a good view as he bends over to retrieve his boxers and he carefully stumbles downstairs. 

I watch after him, with narrowed eyes, wanting so badly to scrape my nails across those broad shoulders. I turn my head to find those big green eyes are looking up at me, wanting some attention, i'm guessing. We both start giggling at each other, as we start to playfully lick her Daddy's cum off each other's faces. We kiss in between licks, sharing the taste. Her soft, tender lips part and her strong tongue joins with mine, caressing and teasing. My hands find her breasts. Her stiff nipples are just begging to be squeezed. I comply, and she lets out a little sexy whimper to encourage me. I pull away from her kiss and move down to her breast with my mouth, suckling. She lifts one of my large breasts and suckles as well. And we just lie there, enjoying each-other's nipples. I don't know for how long. But Daddy was really happy when he finds us. 

He doesn't announce his presence, but watches us for a while, feeling himself stiffen again. He moves to his collection of toys and grabs a couple of spools of rope. He works methodically tying us together, so that we are locked in position. Neither of us mind or protest. The feeling of the soft fibers rubbing against our skin sends gentle electricity through us, and the security we feel is simply amazing. We properly relax into each other's bodies. The rope goes around our waists,our breasts and weaved between our legs, but we each have our top leg free and we are so wet. Feeling her pressed up against me, and unable to escape, i just can't help myself and i start shifting, humping, rubbing my pussy against her. Daddy wastes no time, and kneels above us, moves her leg over shoulder and ploughs away into her pussy. The sudden fucking shocks her into biting my nipple, hard. The exquisite pain, just makes me rub myself against her harder and I gently bite her back, then harder, my tongue playing with her nipple piercing. Then he decides it's my turn. My leg gets stretched over his shoulder and in his cock goes. I feel like i've been waiting for this moment for weeks. I stop what i'm doing to her nipple. I need to savour this. I can feel every inch of him push into me, stretching me, pushing against my magical ridges that send shudders up my body. The g-spot orgasm makes me squirt hot cum over him, and oh is he happy with me. 

'Oh no.' he says to us. 'I can't decide which one of you i want to 69 with. I've been thinking about it this whole time, and I...I... I just need you both.' We're a bit confused but we are so excited. He stands up on the bed, and stands over our heads. Ah. i get that amazing 'slut's-eye view' of his balls, his hard cock above me. He then kneels down, and places his head by our pussies, and his cock lies in between our faces. We know exactly what to do. We each lick his shaft and a testicle each. We take turns in sucking his head, while the other one sucks a nipple, bite one of his thighs. So much flesh to taste. Speaking of taste, we can both taste ourselves on his cock and it is simply, filthily, pleasurable. Meanwhile, Daddy has a muffin buffet to himself. His head swaps between our pussies, tongue diving in and out. Then he moves down. All the way down. And our anuses are treated to tongue too. He bites our cheeks and fingers our holes. There is so much sensation, that my brain cannot contain itself. Neither can hers. Neither can his. Amazingly, we all cum, simultaneously. We all squirt, everywhere. Our hot, sticky juices, all mixing in our mouths, the sour, sweet, salty tastes combining into a delicious cocktail of lust and perversion. We all pass out drunk on our pleasure, in a big pile of carnal flesh. When I wake up, I don't think that things could get any better. I am wrong.