 On a hot Miami night, my girl crush who became my sugar mama, Sheridan, her personal trainer, Alex and I stumbled out of the club to drunkenly fall into the limo for the slow ride home. Alex watched as Sheridan's hand crept up my thigh jutting from my dress. I looked her in the eyes as it moved to my silken slit and I opened my legs slightly for her to continue the trip.

She asked, "Anybody ever tell you that you should model?"

"An agent told me my legs weren't long enough," I replied.

"Me too!"

"They're crazy. Your legs are beautiful," said Alex with his sexy Latin smile.

Sheridan and I posed together, preening in our sexy little dresses and pouty smiles as Alex took pictures of us on his phone. My dark hair meshed with her blonde, me sultry in red and her, the sexy beach girl next door dressed in a matching black dress. We were a sight to make any man drool.

We cruised through the bar district, drinking tequila all the way back to Sheridan's condo. We drunkenly held on to Alex as we all stumbled into the building. Once the elevator door closed, Sheridan grabbed Alex's head and planted a big sloppy open mouth kiss on him. He then turned his head to me and hungrily kissed my lips. My clit jerked at the sensations of his strong insistent lips. My hands caressed his stubbly face and the smell of his cologne and manliness was intoxicating. The doors opened and we all stumbled forward, clutching each other as we laughed down the hall to Sheridan's place.

We tumbled into the bedroom where Alex landed backwards onto her bed with a smile. He scooted back to prop himself up against the pillowed headboard, unzipped his pants and eased his hand into them to massage his dick as he watched me and Sheridan paw each other at the foot of the bed. Sheridan's fingers fumbled with my dress zipper until she finally tugged it down. I stepped out of the little red dress and into her open arms. My fingers pinched her dress zipper on the back of her dress and I pulled it down as far as it would go to caress her smooth back. I could feel her muscles moving under her creamy skin. She stepped back to shuck off the dress revealing her nakedness and we pressed ourselves together kissing and nuzzling each other necks with eager mouths until we fell sideways onto the bed. Alex unbuttoned his shirt as he watched us crawl towards him on the bed. 

He shucked it off, tossing it aside to reveal his tanned body of cut muscle. He unbuckled his pants to which Sheridan and I each grabbed a pant leg, drunkenly tugging at them until we finally stripped them off. His cock lay coiled like a snake in his briefs and he grasped it with a tug. Sheridan licked his thigh and with her ass in the air, I cupped it, rubbing it with my palms until I could resist the temptation no longer and bit it. I licked it before moving over her, rubbing my boobs against her back until I moved to face her waxed pussy again and planted my mouth upon it. My tongue plowed into her. She was as juicy as summer fruit and my tongue stretched down and under until I found her pink pearl in the folds between her silky thighs. She moaned in pleasure, her ass wiggled a bit, before she collapsed onto Alex's thigh. I knelt up to see Alex's curved cock aimed towards the ceiling, fully erect in his kneading hand. Sheridan raised up on her knees, turned, and gazed at me with half closed misty eyes and a sexy smirk. It was then that I fell in love.

We felt Alex join us, kneeling on the bed with us as we formed a triangle. He kissed Sheridan then me, before his big hands palmed the back of our heads and gently forced us forward, until our heads her on the bed.

Alex said, "Let me just do this and then you two can do whatever you want."

When and how he got out of his shorts, I don't know. Sheridan's eyes closed with pleasure and her mouth opened but uttered nothing as he entered her from behind. His hand slapped my ass and he squeezed it while Sheridan's head and shoulders bucked forward with his thrusts. My mouth clamped onto her open mouth, sucking the air from her as she jostled against me.

The bed stopped moving as Alex withdrew and I whimpered as he entered me with his thick dick. His hands gripped my hips as he pumped me from behind. It felt so good, his smooth head gliding in and out.

"Oh God," I cried out as his balls slapped against my clit.

Sheridan brushed the hair from my face and kissed my cheek as my pussy spasmed out of control. He pulled out of me and entered Sheridan again and fucked her until she was near the edge then entered me again. We took turns getting fucked by Alex, patiently waiting our turn with our asses in the air. He was in me, pumping very hard as if he was on the verge of cumming.

Sheridan looked up at Alex and said, "Don't cum in her, either of us. I don't want to eat cum all night."

He pulled out of me.

"Okay, you girls. Get over here."

Shoulder to shoulder, cheek to cheek, Sheridan and I crawled up under his balls and stuck our tongues out as he furiously jerked off until ropes of cum spurted onto our faces. He fell back against the bed as Sheridan moved to her nightstand to grab a box of tissue. We both giggled as we wiped his white mess from each other's faces until Sheridan grabbed my hand, pulling me off the bed and into the bathroom where she started running the shower. We stepped in under the warm water and turned our faces to the shower, washing them clean. Sheridan's gentle fingers stroked my dark long hair from my face as I brushed burnished gold hair from her cheeks to reveal freckles I'd never seen before. I smiled, very smitten with my beach girl, Sheridan, and kissed her water wet lips.