 The morning after the night of Kelly's party, I explained to Kelly that what had happened should have never happened. If she was going to be sexually active at all, it should have been with boys her own age, not someone my age. Even though she was over 18, her parents were trusting me to be something of a temporary guardian while she stayed with me and I felt bad about my actions, even if I wasn't the one who had instigated the action. 

Kelly told me that she understood and that she would control herself in the future, but asked me if it was okay for her to continue to confide in me about her love interests. I assured her that it was okay with me as long as that was all that it was. 

Kelly continued to dress like a boy, keeping up the charade so she could continue to attend the workshop that had been closed to girls. She also continued to tell me about her interactions with the two boys she had an interest in, Steve and Danny, especially the stories about their after-school showers. Several times now, the boys had gone into the showers with Kelly sitting by and watching, always with the excuse that she'd left her change of clothes at home. 

Initially, Kelly had felt uncomfortable watching the boys get naked and shower in front of her, but then she began to like it and even looked forward to it. One time, she'd noticed that Danny had gotten an erection in the shower, which Steve, the one with the bigger cock, made fun of, not for its size, but because he'd gotten hard in front of two guys, well, in front of a guy and a girl he thought was a guy. 

Kelly told me how that image had stuck with her and how she'd wanted to see if she could produce that result in him herself by saying things that she thought would get him aroused. 

On their next trip to the showers after a game of basketball, the boys undressed as usual and Kelly found her opportunity to try it out. She asked Steve what he had done with Tammy the night of the party, which Steve had bragged about earlier. Tammy was one of the girls who had signed up for the workshop before the course had been closed to women. Tammy was also someone who Kelly knew made all the guys horny and she was certain Steve had slept with her. 

Steve told the story about how he had been grinding on some hot, slutty girl on the dance floor at a party, but what he didn't know was that the slutty girl was actually Kelly, the girl who was sitting there in front of him, dressed like a boy. 

As Steve told his story, it produced Kelly's desired effect on Danny. She pretended not to be looking, but every chance she got, she was checking out his cock, which was obviously stiffening. This put Danny in an awkward position of trying to hide his growing cock from Steve and Kelly. 

Steve laughed when he noticed Danny trying to hide his stiffening cock and told him, "Dude, don't worry about it. Tammy's one hot bitch. My cock is getting pretty hard, too."

Kelly looked at Steve's groin. He wasn't lying. His cock was sticking straight out from his body and Steve began stroking it as he continued telling his story. 

"Dude, you're just going to stand there and jerk off?" Danny asked. 

"Man, I jack off all the time," Steve responded. "What's the big deal?"

Danny confessed that he hardly ever played with himself and that Steve's story about what he'd done with Tammy and how the slutty girl had let him play with her tits on the dance floor had made him really horny. 

"If it was me," Kelly began, "I'd just finish it off right here," she lied, trying to get him to jerk off in front of her. 

Steve shrugged his shoulders and said, "Yeah, that's probably what I'd do, too." 

"Really?" Danny sounded a little embarrassed. "You guys don't mind?" 

Kelly shook her head, "Just let it rip. I do it all the time." She tried not to look like she was watching, but she was secretly very turned on by it. 

"What happened with the slutty girl?" Danny asked. He gripped his cock and began stroking it frantically. 

Steve giggled, "Dude, you want me to tell you something to help you cum?" 

"Well, just tell me about the slutty girl at the party and I'm sure I'll cum," Danny pleaded. 

"Okay," Steve said, slowly stroking his own cock. 

"Yeah, what was she like?" Kelly asked, wanting to hear what Steve had thought of her when she was dressed as a girl. 

"I couldn't see much of her face in her costume, but she was dressed in this slutty, little outfit that didn't hide much of anything, and would you believe this bitch took her top off on the dance floor? She stripped down to a thong out there in front of everybody!"

Kelly was feeling a little embarrassed to hear Steve recount the story of her actions that night. 

"What were her tits like?" Danny asked. He was obviously enjoying the story. 

"They were small, but really perky, you know? And she had those nipples that stick out really far. What do you call them?" 

"Puffies?" Danny answered. Kelly had never heard the term before. 

"Is that a good thing?" She asked. 

"Dude, are you for real?" Steve asked with a grin. "I love puffy nipples, but you usually only see them on girls with small tits." 

"Then what happened?" Danny asked. He was stroking his cock and aiming it right in Kelly's direction. 

"I was standing there grinding up against this slut and after I'd pulled her top off and was playing with her titties, Tammy grabbed me by my waist and was grinding her tits up against my back. I was trying to figure out a way to get both these bitches in the same bed with me when Tammy tells me, 'Dump this flat-chested bitch and let's go somewhere private'." 

"What did you do then?" Danny asked. 

"I said, 'Only if you promise to suck my cock'," Steve said. 

"No shit?" 

"No shit. I took her to one of the bedrooms. She tried to kiss me, but I said, 'No, bitch. Kiss my cock'." 

"Fuck!" Danny said. The head of his cock poked out of his fist and a stream of cum shot out of the head, spewing onto the shower floor and swirling down the drain. His eyes were closed and his whole body looked stiff as he continued to shoot his load onto the shower floor. When he'd finished, Danny milked the remainder of his cum out of his cock with his fingers, allowing the cum to run down the drain. Then, he turned to face the shower head and washed his dwindling erection free of cum. 

Steve stopped stroking his own cock and stepped out of the shower with his huge erection leading the way. 

Danny was a bit embarrassed as he left the shower and dried off. 

Kelly had gotten so aroused by the incident that she had to drive herself home as fast as she could so she could masturbate to the fresh images of the two guys she desired, but that wouldn't be the last time she'd see the boys' hard cocks. 

A few days after Danny had jerked off in the shower, Kelly and Danny ended up at my place alone. They were watching TV on the couch when Danny asked a stunning question, "Kelly, are you a fag?" 

"What?" Kelly was shocked. "Why would you ask that?"

"You play ball with us almost every day and you sit and watch us shower afterward," Danny explained. 

"So? You guys ask me to hang out in there."

"Yeah, but I see how you stare at us all the time. I see you checking out our cocks like you want some of it." 

"No, I don't," Kelly lied. One of her greatest fears was being realized. If only she could tell the boys she was really a girl who only dressed like a boy so she could attend the classes she needed, then the problem would be solved. Secretly, Kelly did enjoy looking at the boys in the shower, but she couldn't admit that to them or they wouldn't let her do it any more. 

"Yeah, right," Danny insisted. "I bet if I pulled my cock out right now and told you to suck it, you'd be all over it." 

"Bullshit!" Kelly exclaimed, but she knew it was true. If she could get away with it, she'd be all over Danny's cock. 

"You say that, but if I whipped it out, I know you'd want to suck it, wouldn't you? Do you want me to pull it out so you can suck it?" Danny asked. 

Kelly didn't answer. She just sat there in disbelief. She did want to suck Danny's cock, but she didn't want him to know she wanted to suck it. She also didn't want to ruin her whatever chance she might have of letting her suck him. He didn't sound like he was opposed to it, just that he was curious if she would do it or not. 

Danny unzipped his pants and tugged them down, leaving only his underwear covering his cock. Kelly glanced down to look at it. Surprisingly, he appeared to have an erection. 

"See! You do want to suck it!" Danny exclaimed. "Why else would you look at it?" 

"You must want to have it sucked," Kelly reasoned. "Why else would it be hard like that?" 

"Because I know you want to suck it, you fag!" 

"I'm not a fag!" Kelly argued. It was true, she wasn't, but Danny had no idea she was a girl. All he knew was that Kelly was always staring at his cock. 

"You want to suck my cock, don't you, you fag?" Danny asked, pulling his underwear down. "Come on, go for it." 

Kelly still didn't know if he was serious or just trying to see what she would do. What if he was just pretending and when Kelly made the move, Danny would pull away and pull his pants up? 

"I'm not going to wait forever, you know. Here, I'll make it easy for you." Danny pulled a pillow over his face. "Now, you don't have to look at me when you do it." 

With the pillow covering Danny's face, she was able to look at his cock freely. She wanted it so badly, but she was afraid to act on her feelings, afraid it might be a trick. 

"Okay," Danny said. "I'm going to count to 10 and if you're not sucking my cock by then, I'll put it away and never, ever give you another chance to suck it." He started the countdown. 

Kelly was nervous. It was either now or never. As Danny counted down from 10 to one, Kelly weighed her odds. What did she have to lose? 

When Danny got down to three, he stopped counting, "Last chance," he warned. "When I get to zero, the offer ends... Three, two..." 

Kelly couldn't take it any more. Before Danny could say "one", Kelly placed both hands on Danny's thighs and slipped his cock into her mouth, sucking the head of his cock and hoping she hadn't fallen into a trap. 

Danny pulled the pillow away from his face and locked his hands behind his head as he watched Kelly suck his cock. "This isn't your first time with a dick in your mouth, is it?" Danny asked with a grin. 

Kelly shook her head from side to side as much as she could while she bobbed her head up and down on Danny's cock. 

"I knew it!" Danny laughed. "I knew you wanted to suck my cock. You do it really good, too." 

Kelly's face was red with embarrassment. She wasn't sure how to feel. Danny was her friend, but now he thought she was a gay boy, which wasn't what she wanted him or anyone else to think. She couldn't stop herself, though. She'd barely been able to control herself in the shower, but now with Danny encouraging her, she couldn't stop herself. 

Kelly slid her mouth down the length of Danny's cock, enjoying the way his flesh felt on her tongue. As she sucked him, she felt some pre-cum secrete from the head of his cock, which she quickly sucked down and swallowed, enjoying the taste of it on her tongue. 

In only a few short minutes, Kelly felt the muscles in Danny's legs stiffen and he appeared to have stopped breathing for a second. It didn't take long for her to realize why. He was starting to cum. A thick stream of his load erupted into her mouth, which she held in her mouth to savor its taste before swallowing it down. 

Danny's hips pressed forward as more of his cum flowed into her mouth in sporadic spurts. Kelly moaned in pleasure as the boy she had lusted after finally finished cumming in her mouth. Even after Danny had finished cumming, Kelly kept his cock in her mouth, tracing circles around the tip of his cock with her tongue.

"Mmmm..." she said, slipping the cock out of her mouth and milking the shaft of Danny's cock with her hand. 

"See," Danny beamed. "I knew you were a fag." 

Kelly was stunned. What would happen to her reputation at the school now? More importantly, what would Steve think of her and what would this mean for their after-game showers? 

"Don't worry, I won't tell anyone" Danny assured her. "I'll keep this our little secret. I think it will be mutually beneficial." 

"How is that?" Kelly asked, wondering what she'd gotten herself into. 

"You get to keep your secret and I get an occasional blowjob from the prettiest boy in school." 

Kelly wasn't sure how to react to what equated to blackmail. She also couldn't believe she'd just been called pretty. To a boy, that would normally be an insult, but Kelly didn't mind. She wasn't really a boy and no one had told her she was pretty in a very long time.