 As I promised, here is a short prologue to the entire story of Roni, and my learning of my love of watching her fuck. It isn't long but gives you an idea of where I came from.

*****

Hello, my name is Dale...

And I loved to watch my sweet wife Roni fuck.

Fucking me on video... watching her fuck another guy on the sofa... taking three guys on a pool table in an empty bar... 

To paraphrase Dr. Seuss; It didn't matter if in a plane, it didn't matter if on a train, it didn't matter in a bus, it did not matter, why bother fuss...

As long as she was happy with whatever cock in her mouth, her pussy, her ass, any or all of the above. Individually or all three at once...

I loved to watch Roni, my little Hotwife fuck. Period. End of statement.

*****

Did I always know I did, or would, feel this way... with anyone?

No, I don't think so. Maybe I did, deep down, but wouldn't admit it, maybe I had some small, nagging idea. 

It was many years in the making, to finally concluding that I really did enjoy it. Thankfully, for both Roni and me, that realization happened before we got met. I knew I would love it if the opportunity ever came. Going through her our early days, her awakening and submission to her feelings, while also trying to sort me out? That would not have worked, and I would have had no clue how to help her.

To follow the whole story, I have to go back... wayyyyy back.

*****

As you know from my admissions in prior writings, I have an ADHD personality. Once I lock on to something of interest, I go forward... like a bull in a china shop... then, for good measure, I turn around and finish the job.

As a typical male American teen, I loved sports. It didn't matter which, but my passion was baseball... until it was football... until it was golf or whatever it picked next. One summer, because I was very tall for my age and looked older, I hooked up with an older girl... my "sport" of obsession, became sex.

By the time I was 22 and on my way to basic training, I had sex with many girls, several many actually. Just like with sports, my personal make up didn't let me settle on one girl. Whenever I saw something new and shiny present herself in front of me, my attention shifted.

A couple of them cheated on me throughout that time. I'd be angry, but whenever I thought of them actually fucking whomever, actually visualize it, I'd feel... what?... anger?... excitement?... Thrills?...

I thought it had to anger, what else could it be... but why is my damn cock throbbing and ready to burst? It had to be anger adrenaline, yup, that's it!

*****

During basic training, while on KP duty, I flirted with a girl from the Bronx, who was also a trainee. We got busted by one of the SGT's in charge and dressed down good. "Put your passions back in your pants privates!! You're both camo-colored grasshoppers, and we don't got no time for grasshopper fuckin' in my kitchen!!"... Obviously, this was way before political correctness came in to fashion.

Later, during weapons training, she and I finished our firing near the beginning of our Companies and got selected to go on a "detail". We were told to get in to the back of a big 2.5-ton truck and sit on what I think were folded up tents, by the same SGT from KP duty. He told us we had an hour drive to the sandpit to fill sandbags. It was very hot so he told us to remove our boots and camo tops. He smirked at us and said: Now, don't you two lil 'hoppers get all frisky, like you wanted to do on KP. He closed the canopy flap and we drove off.

She and I obeyed every word he said to us. For about 2 minutes. An hour drive, after 6 weeks of segregation... right!... she sucked my cock until it nearly fell off, while I finger-fucked her silly.

We were back to normal an hour later when the truck stopped. Just two quiet, camo-colored grasshoppers. The SGT got out and came around the truck, opened the flap saying: "I hope you've been good."

We were not at a sand pit. We were on the side of a dirt road. He handed us each a single sandbag and told us to fill them. We were back in the truck in less than 5 minutes. His parting words before going back to the cab to drive back? Remember, be good, you "only" have an hour.

We fucked on the tents for 30 minutes. We were spent.

I saw her ride off on another truck, with the same SGT a few days later, with a different trainee. My first thought wasn't jealousy, it was "how can I hide this raging hard-on I have all of a sudden.

Things like this, the mystery hard-ons, kept happening. Dating girls, hearing from someone that they'd fucked someone else, and all I kept doing was picturing them with other cocks in their mouth and/or pussies and BAM! Instant erection, no need to add water. I still hadn't a clue.

Barely a year in to my first duty assignment at Ft Hood, Texas. I met my first ex-wife. She would turn out to be a true mistake. Sharing was NOT in her vocabulary, along with a slew of other words commonly associated with relationships.

She was gorgeous though. Long light brown hair, tall, 5'9", 120 pounds, huge 36DD tits, 24" waist, 36' hips. A perfect 36-24-36 model type. The closest modern day equivalent I can think of would be former media advisor to President Cheeto Mussolini, Hope Hicks. We fucked the first night she arrived in the unit. We'll call her Donna.

We were both what the "Real" Army types called Admin Pukes, part of a Battalion HQ Company. The barracks building that we lived in, was 4 stories of brothel. Other than the Charge-of-Quarters each night, no-one of consequence ever came in to the building. Guys and girls had friends coming in and out all the time. Even the female's area on the second floor was wild.

We ended up getting married a little more than a year later. After a few months the sex start to slow down. No more blow jobs. I was told "don't even think about putting that thing near my mouth. Then, a month later, it went totally right off the proverbial cliff, complete with screeching tires.

Not long after, a friend called me one day about a new "toy" he got. It was called a PC. At least my ADHD had something new to lock on to. But I still missed the sex. I got laid once a month... mostly.

I was doing my stint at PLDC (Primary Leadership Development Course). The third Friday, we were told we would be able to go home for two days, once everything was cleaned up and in order. I thought I'd surprise her. About 8:30 we got let go. It was dusk as I set off. I walked to my unit, got in my car and drove home. As I stopped at a stop sign before turning the corner I saw a car stop and park by two others on the street, near our house. Nobody ever parked on the street there. Every house had a double garage and a good-sized driveway. I saw the driver guy get out and walk to MY house. It was almost dark so I parked around the next corner, waited 20 minutes for the darkness to set in then started toward the house, cutting across a construction site.

When I came up behind the house, I didn't see any lights on inside, except a dim light by the patio door. I snuck up slowly to peer through the vertical blinds. Holy crap!! There was my "loving" wife, banging three guys in MY Livingroom. What the FUCK!! Why did my cock get instantly hard? Why am I not furious!! I seriously watched the three of them tag team her for nearly two hours while I rubbed out three loads of my own on the patio door. 

When they were finishing up, I drove back to the NCO Academy barracks and went to bed. I dreamt they fucked her all night... the dream lasted that long, so I guess the fucking in it did as well.

I saw her do this several times. I once told her one weekend that I was going to San Antonio with three retirees I played golf with, for a two-day, charity scramble tournament. That night, after dark I went back and sure enough, I watched her fuck two of the absolute biggest black cocks I have even seen. When she passed out, finished in every sense of the word, she was covered, hair, face, tits everywhere, with loads of cum. So was the patio door. 

I spent months trying to figure myself out... when I wasn't learning everything about my friends PC. What the fuck in going on in my head. To rationalize things, I fucked a couple of her "friends" to "get even"... and I felt bad... wtf?

Whenever she got drunk, which was about as often as I got laid, which was now not often, I'd try to bring up situations like that, or "get caught" hiding a porn video of gangbangs that she would "never" find. She'd just shut down if I brought "sex talk" up at all. When she found the porn video she just rolled her eyes and threw it in the trash.

We came down on orders for Germany in mid 1988, for a February 1989 reassignment date. She was now in the same Primary Leadership course I had been. The one weekend she came home, she was on her "Lady time", so we didn't have sex. In Mid-October, we found out she was pregnant.

The Army doctors put her on a no-fly restriction because of the pregnancy, so she would follow me over once the baby was born.

For some reason, in December, while we were visiting her parents, her due date came up. I had never thought about it. Tracking back from her due date, her mother said she got pregnant... wait for it... around a date, right in the middle of her time in the Leadership course. She looked at me, busted, I didn't say a word.

The 2-hour drive home was silent, a week later I filed for divorce and moved out. But why did my dick get hard every time I thought about her fucking someone in the course classrooms?

As for the reassignment, I didn't end up flying in February because of our court date. 

In court, the Judge said he was confused and was going to impose child support, even though she didn't ask for it in the documents. Her lawyer told him it wasn't necessary. The Judge wasn't having it and asked why. They were silent, because her parents were there. So, I did; "Because she knows it isn't mine, your Honor" The gasps from the room were priceless... Donna muttered "Asshole" under her breath, I laughed to myself.

Smack!! The gavel dropped, the court found in my favor and her parents had to bail her out for the nearly $20,000 she'd dropped shopping on our credit cards. I enjoyed depositing that check.

I then got delayed again because of Unit requirements and I ended up leaving the last day of March.

You know me, can't relate a story without a quick side mini-story...

Karma, as we all know, can be a bitch.

As lady Karma would have it, when Roni and I moved to my third duty station in Germany, I actually met and became friends with a guy Donna screwed, and screwed over, after me. He caught her cheating and stealing from him and reported her. She was livid that he had the balls to report her, so she "got even". She went in to a barracks and sucked the cock of every guy she found, more than 40 he told us. When they filled her mouth, she spit the cum into a jar. Then she went, found him, and dumped it over his head. Between that, and the theft, she got dunked two pay grades, 120 days restriction and lost some pay. When her restriction was over, she was discharged.

I love Karma!

*****

I flew out of Austin, Tx to St Louis. The flight I was supposed to take from there, to the old Rhine-Main Airbase in Frankfurt, of course, was delayed as well. I didn't arrive in Germany until late the next morning. By the time I arrived, I had been awake for nearly 26 hours. I hate flying and my brain kept going back to Donna and her fuck buddies. Needless to say, I was not in a really good mood. Finding out I'd missed the morning transport to my new base in Bavaria didn't make it any better.

I finished in-processing and then, being a new Sergeant, there were no waste-of-time work detail for me to do. I got to sit around, relaxing, waiting for the evening bus. 6 hours later I, along with 50 others, were on the bus, ready to go. Just as the bus driver closed the door, the Admin puke came out and pulled me off the bus... my orders were being changed. For some reason, it didn't even phase me. No problem. Weird. (I found out later someone officer Donna was fucking called a friend of a friend and got them changed so we wouldn't end up in Bavaria together. Again, lady Karma shined on me. Donna had no idea the favor she'd done for me, LOL.)

When I went back inside, they told me they had received a call from the branch manager in Heidelberg. I would now be going to Berlin and was being assigned as an Admin to "Information Management Services", whatever that was. OK, cool, Berlin. 

Hours later, in the middle of the night, I was on a blacked-out train, the "Berlin Express" commonly referred to as the Duty Train. We were transiting through what everyone called "The Corridor", behind the Iron Curtain, between Helmstedt-Marienborn and Berlin.

When we arrived, I got off the train and I was instructed to wait for my ride. Everyone was gone by the time a dark sedan arrived for me, with a civilian driving. Only 5 active duty people worked in my office, 3 Army and 2 Air force. Several Germans did and 3 Americans. The 3 Americans always gave me the creeps. They hardly ever talked, would disappear for days, and were really spooky characters.

My work friend Danny made sure I got settled in and started to introduce me around. One day, while wandering around the area, I ended up meeting Claudia, who you first "met" in "My Time with Roni - Submission Ch. 01"

Later that year "The Wall" came down. One of the first thing Danny told me was a famous Army line in Berlin; If you can't get laid here, you're dead. He was right. Now that the Wall fell, add a few hundred thousand East German girls in to the mix. For the American GI's, it was Pussy Heaven. For the girls looking to land a husband, and a green card, it was; "May the best fuck win". I knew guys who fucked different girls almost every night. It was a mad house. I don't know if it was because they didn't have anything else to do for fun in the former East but these girls KNEW how to suck a cock and fuck. Damn!!

After I met Claudia and she did her "99.8726% Lesbian teaches dumb American to lick, suck and fuck properly to please the woman" schooling with me. I called it, my come to Jesus moment: "this isn't just about my cock", it's about THEM... and they reciprocate. She asked me which of her friends I wanted to be introduced to. I picked Silke.

Claudia laughed, "She's married and has the best husband ever." I was just about to name another one when instead, I asked: What makes a guy "The best husband ever"?

Well, He's sweet and he'd definitely enjoy watching you fuck her with that nice cock of yours... That is, if you think you are up to fucking her with him there.

I thought for a minute, well, she's hot, I like to fuck...what the hell.

Claudia set us up. I did OK, for my first time as the "toy", but I was more interested in the whole situation than just the fucking. After it was over and we were sitting around having a beer. I asked them about their "arrangement".

Listening to Andreas tell me his story was like a mirror into mine. I did a lot of thinking over the years in Berlin. Fucked many girls just for the practice, and even got some friends involved as I "progressed" though my learning. I did like dating AND watching other guys fuck my girlfriends... and they liked it... A LOT!! Andreas told me that it was like radar... we were just attracted to women who put out these "vibes". I told him about my ex. He said she had the "Vibe" she just didn't like sharing. I needed to learn the difference.

I learned a lot in my 4.5 years in Berlin and had spent most of 1993 and the first quarter of '94 shuttling back and forth to the states for various schooling. I was a full-fledged Information Security techie now. I would soon move on to my next assignment, where I'd eventually meet Roni.

Then, in August of '94, I met Anja, I was enchanted by her. She had "the vibe" but was kind of shy. She was born behind the wall. We were inseparable. We started dating and continued after I moved to the west when Berlin shutdown.

*****

On one trip to Berlin to visit her, two of my work buddies came along as well since they'd never been there. I spent the day with her while they ran around the city. That night, while I as fucking her, from behind, I let my finger touch her lips. She sucked it right in. I teased her about wanting to suck another cock while I fucked her and she went right along with it. When she fell asleep, I went out and got Rich and brought him in with us. I'd planned it with him, that if I thought she wanted it, I let him fuck her. When I woke her by kissing her, Rich reached around and squeezed her tits. She groaned, I backed off and watched her fuck his lights out... while loving every minute of it. 

I got deployed to the Balkans in 96 and she and I decided that we'd go to the US and get married when I got back.

I got back to home station in Mid-November and had planned our wedding trip for over Christmas. 2 Days after getting back, I went to pick up my car out of storage on another base so she hung out with my friends.

When I got back, they were watching a movie. She said they'd been there a few hours. I thought the movie was unusually long. It was over 2 hours before it ended. When It did, we went to my room and started to have sex, talking dirty as usual. Boy she was really wet! It didn't hit until I watched that movie later that it was just starting.

I didn't find out for some time, she wasn't wet from our sex talk, that was cum oozing out of her pussy from fucking my two "friends" while I was picking up my car. One of them was Mark. (yes, some of you are paying attention, the same Mark that set Roni off that made her come to me)

Anja never told me. I would also find out she'd been fucking 8 or 9 different people the entire time I'd known her and never shared that either, even after our night with Rich AND knowing I liked watching her fuck. I'd found another Donna.

I filed for divorce. This is what lead to the Roni stories, where she stormed in, bitching about Mark, people talking about us, spreading rumors about her and me.

I would be more careful this time and it would be AWESOME!!

I LOVED watching Roni fuck, and she LOVED sharing.