 The events in this story happened the same summer as those in my "second threesome" story, so obviously much of the background is the same. I was still living in an on campus dorm, alone with too much free time on my hands. I had enjoyed my last experience, but I wanted a little more...while it was great fun being with the guy, being mostly barred from touching his lady friend was disappointing, so I continued my search for partners. After a few more weeks of searching, I had some luck - I got a response to one of my e-mails to a mid-40s married couple who were looking for a bi-man for some fun.

We arranged to meet at a hotel, but that fell through at the last minute so they invited me to come over to their house. When I got there the husband greeted me at the door with a firm handshake and invited me inside. The entryway to their house has an open stairwell, and as I looked up I saw his wife on the balcony at the top of the stairs, already dressed in sexy lingerie and eager for some fun . The two of us hurried upstairs as she disappeared into their bedroom.

When we got to the bedroom, she was laying on the bed waiting for us. We both stripped down and hopped on the bed to join her. He pulled her breasts free from her little teddy and began working at her nipples with his tongue, while she grabbed his cock and began to stroke him hard... I positioned myself between her legs and pushed up her short little skirt - no underwear, just a neatly shaven cunt I dove right in with my tongue, licking her clit and fingering her. She didn't last long under my ministrations - soon she was bucking up against my face and moaning, then she clenched her thighs around my head and gave one long, shuddering groan...

With her needs taken care of for the moment, I turned my eyes to her husband's cock. He was still kissing her and playing with her breasts, so I moved up on the bed slightly and took his cock in my mouth. It was already a little salty with pre-cum, and just as soft and silky as I had remembered from my last experience... He was a bit smaller than the last guy (he had been about 6" or 6.5", this guy was more like 5"), so I was able to take the whole thing into my mouth, right down to the balls. He moaned a little and put his hands on the back of my head, and using my mouth as a fuck hole he began to pump his cock in and out of my face. As I continued to work on him I felt his wife's mouth wrap around my cock, and she began to return the favor I had given her just a few minutes before... Noticing her ass up in the air, he began to furiously finger her from behind, eliciting the occasional moan as she continued work on my dick.

We continued in this triangle for a few minutes, then he asked me I would like to try a 69 with him. I gladly agreed and laid back on the bed, while he positioned himself over top of me. As I took his cock back into my mouth, I felt his own lips wrap around my dick. He began to vigorously suck on my cock and pump at the base and play with my balls, while all the while fucking my face with his own rigid rod. Dick to mouth, mouth to dick, we had forgotten one thing - but she didn't let us forget her for long. "Honey, I'm lonely", came the call from across the bed - and he took his mouth off my cock long enough to ask "Do you want to fuck her?" Not one to miss a chance, I mumbled "Sure thing" through my mouthful of cock.

We disengaged from each other and he sat down on the bed. She got on all fours in front of him and took his cock in her mouth - I positioned myself behind her and slowly worked my cock into her wet little cunt. As I fucked her, she sucked him - and he reached across to me and brought my face to his lips and locked me into a kiss, fucking my mouth with his tongue. It was my first time kissing a man, and the whole thing was so intense that I felt I couldn't last all that long...and I didn't want anything to end, just yet. I held off as long as I could, but when I felt like I was reaching the point of no return I pulled out and replaced cock with fingers as I cooled down a little and watched her continue to work her husband's cock with her mouth.

Feeling ready to get back into the action again, I asked if we could switch up positions again. I wanted to fuck some more, but I wanted another go at that cock too. She rolled over and laid down on the bed, and I got in between her legs and began to work my cock back inside her. She pushed up towards me and then I was in, feeling her lips slide right down to the base of my cock. He positioned himself right over her head and offered his cock back to my mouth, and I began sucking him again as I slowly pumped his wife's pussy. I began to pump at her, harder and harder, and I guess it was apparent that I was close to completion. She whispered to me - "Don't cum inside me, cum on my stomach" Just before I reached the point of no return I pulled out and began to stroke my cock, sloppy wet with her juices...it took just a few pumps and I started shooting a huge load all over her breasts, stomach and pubes.

As I sat back to take in the final act of the show, her husband move into my old position between her legs, but before he could take my place her in cunt she stopped him "Wait - lick me clean first" He bent down and began licking my sperm off her stomach and breasts, while fingering her furiously. She bucked and moaned as he fucked her with his fingers, and soon he took her calves in his hands, spread her legs, and slid in with one hard thrust. I got back on the bed and offered my still-wet cock for him to clean off with his tongue, and he worked over my slowly softening dick as he continued to pound her hard into the bed. He barely lasted any longer in her tight pussy than I had - soon he began to grunt, thrusting harder and harder, and then he stiffened and shot his load deep inside her...