 My boyfriend Keith didn't know that I had come home early from work that day. He was working till 5 and said that when he got home we would be going out that night. We live in Atlanta and I arrived at home a little after 3 because the traffic wasn't that bad and decided I would get my shower and get ready for our date. Before I got started I was going to check my email one more time and noticed something strange on the computer upstairs. Keith had left a web site up and he was still logged in as well. The web site was a dating web site, but not like the usual heterosexual dating sites. This one catered to bi-curious couples. I was intrigued to know what he was up to so I started poking around and see who he had made contact with. We had talked about bisexuality before and I had told him about my experiences in college. He was very curious and wanted to know all the details. I told him some but not all of my adventures and he wild with lust afterwards. 

One of my experiences in college that really got him going was being drunk and at a fraternity mixer. I would go with my sorority sisters and we would start dancing and drinking early. The night usually rolled into the men daring the women to kiss each other and fondle each other. This was nothing new to me and I would get a big kick out of seeing the guys getting turned on. One particular night, I was grinding on the dance floor with one of my friends, Kate. She is very beautiful and sexy. We both noticed a new guy watching us and asked him to join in with us. So we sandwiched him in between us and kept dancing. Lucky for me I was in front of him and I got first hand knowledge of what made his pants fit him so snug. He was grinding his cock into my backside and I was loving it, while Kate was behind him, she was pretending to hump him like a guy would a girl. I think this got him going even more, and I began to wonder what kinks this guys was into.

After the party was over, we went back to my apartment and started fooling around. First it was a lot of kissing and fondling, then it slowly started to us undressing and getting naked. Kate and I sat on the sofa while we watched Craig take his clothes off one piece at a time. When he was down to his boxer briefs, we noticed his cock was hanging to the left and all the way down till it's head was peaking out the leg opening. My mouth watered at the thought of a very enjoyable night of sex. As I started to climb into bed, Craig told me to lay on my stomach and he would massage my backside. I laid there as he rubbed my whole body from my head to my toes. While he worked on my shoulders, I could feel his massive cock lying on my ass and the heat from it was tremendous. I told him I wanted to feel him inside of me, so I hunched my ass up in the air and felt him rubbing his cock looking for my pussy. He started to slide into me very slowly. It felt really good as it went deeper and deeper. We started fucking and I could feel the sweat from him drop on my back. Kate was watching this the whole time and wanted to get in on the action. She moved up behind him and ground her pussy on his ass while he was grinding away on me. She was running her hands all over him and started to work on his tight butt. He hands rubbed both of his cheeks and slowly moved to his crack. While he was pumping away, she started to run a finger around his anus making him go wild. I suddenly felt his cum fill my pussy and realized what his hot button was. He liked to have his ass played with.

While he was pulling out of my pussy, I needed to be cleaned up and I was still horny. Kate and myself found ourselves on top of each other eating each others pussy. She had laid down beside me and I climbed on top of her with my pussy in her face. I could feel the cum oozing out of me and she was licking every bit of my pussy. Craig watched us and started talking dirty to us, telling us how sexy we were. I could feel my orgasm building and I started grinding my cum filled pussy on her face. I was screaming as my whole body was overcome with a mind shattering orgasm. 

I got up afterward and turned around to give her a big kiss and thanks for the orgasm. We kissed and tasted each other, slowly making out and I knew she hadn't had any real fun yet. As I was running my hands on her breasts, I told Craig to bring his cock over here. I told him to put it between us so we could suck it back to life. Kate was licking the underside and I was licking the top, going from the head to the base. It started to come alive and grew back to it's original thickness when I was getting fucked by it. At full size, it was about 9 inches long and very thick. I moved off of Kate so he could plunge his cock into her and let her feel what a real man felt like. I watched him climb on top and she used her hand to position his cock at her entrance of her pussy. He pushed in a little at a time till she could accommodate his size and then he started pumping in and out of her very slowly. I watched her face go from discomfort to pure pleasure while she was submitting to him.

Now was my chance to see how far Craig would go to please two women. I reached into the nightstand and pulled out my rabbit that I play with from time to time. I grabbed the KY and started applying some to his anus while he was fucking Kate. He stopped for a moment to let me get his ass nice and wet before he continued giving her the fucking of her life. I moved up behind him and whispered in his ear that I also had a "big" surprise between my legs. He just groaned and I started rubbing the head against his asshole. He again stopped for a moment to allow me to ease the head of my vibrator into his backside. Kate opened up her eyes when she felt him stop and then let out a big smile when she saw what I was doing. I told Craig to give it to her hard and at the same time I did the same to him. He let out a yelp and I shoved the toy all the way in his ass. His cock did the same to Kate as he tried to get away from my invasion. I started sliding it in and out of him while he got used to the fucking he was receiving. I reached down and turned on the vibrator which sent a new wave of feelings from his ass and prostrate down through his cock to Kate. 

She screamed in pleasure as her orgasm which was right on the edge, overcame her and shook throughout her body. I wanted to see him cum in her pussy, but I had other plans as well. I told Craig to slide out of her pussy and kneel at the edge of the bed on the floor. He knelt down with me keeping the vibrator in his ass and I pushed him over so that he was bent over on the bed. Kate slid down a little and spread her legs to allow Craig to lick on her used pussy while I continued to fuck his ass. 

As I knelt behind him, I could see his cock hanging down with cum dripping from the end of it. I reached out and grabbed it to feel how slimy and hard it was. I asked him if he usually liked getting fucked in the ass like this, and his response was a muffled yes. I new right then that he was definitely bi-curious, maybe even fully bisexual. His cock felt huge in my little hands and I proceeded to speed up the pounding I was giving his ass. In no time, I watched the cum pour from his cock and run down the side of his leg while he had a massive orgasm.

Afterward, we just slept the rest of the night, exhausted from all the physical activity earlier. My mind was just spinning with ideas of things I wanted to try with Craig later.

After telling my boyfriend this, he jumped on top of me and wanted to fuck like crazy. As we made love, I asked him about the web site and the look on his face was hilarious. I told him I wasn't mad, but I was intrigued to know what else he liked to do that he hasn't told me. I'll tell you the rest another time.