 Hello all, it's been a while since I've been here. It's been a busy year. Roni told me to let you all know she hopes you enjoy her adventures.

I ran in to an "old friend" of ours the other day, whom, if you asked Roni, was definitely a contributor to a couple of her more favorite adventures.

So, without further delay... here it one.

********

After Roni and I received orders back to the US, once we returned, we spent a little over a year in the Southeastern US at my final duty station. We enjoyed our time there and got more and more settled in to our "married" life.

Not knowing anyone there and with it being a more conservative southern state, our "playtime" adventures slowed down considerably, although our sex life did not. Roni reverted back a bit to her quiet, soft spoken self and her progress of opening up reverted as well.

Unless being prompted by a night out, a few drinks and some hot talk during sex, she was once again struggling to sharing her feelings and thoughts about her new-found desires. Once we got going and she had an orgasm, then I could get her going and she'd set her wild side free again.

After roughly 16 months, I retired and we decided to move back to the upper Midwest where I was born and raised. We'd been there about 3 weeks when we found a house and stared to settle in. We purposely bought a house near my family, but we were also careful to not be too close, lest we be too close... a nice 15 - 20 mile "privacy" buffer zone in all directions, LOL.

I already had a job lined up with a large national Insurance provider before we moved and by the end of the first month, Roni also found a job with a small, family owned company that employed roughly 50 people.

Both our schedules worked out perfectly. Every day we'd leave for work and I'd drop her off on the way to my office. It normally took 20-30 minutes depending on traffic so we always had nice conversations on the way to and from work.

On the way home, it was the usual how was your day stuff. She'd talked about this and that... Tammy, Carol, Ron, Jeremy, John, blaa blaa blaa.

Every so often, when she'd mention one of her co-workers, she'd say "Davis", which was the afore mentioned John. Everyone called him by his last name, except Roni, she'd always call him John... unless her day report included something about him picking on her.

One Friday, as she was complaining, I noticed her face was flushed, not mad flushed, blushing flushed and her nipples were so hard there were about to poke out of her silk blouse. She was only pretending to mad. As she "complained" I rubbed her leg just below the hem of her skirt, pretending to console her "pretend" anger. She was so hot I could feel the heat coming from between her legs. She continued "complaining until we got home.

As we pulled into the garage and the door started to close, I slid my hand up between her legs and it took one slow thrust to burry two fingers in side her. She moaned, eyes half closed as she looked at me, slightly confused, slightly pleased, and extremely horny... and she knew I knew it.

As I finger fucked her slowly, I said straight out to her: You REALLY want to fuck this "Davis" dude, don't you? The mere thought of it pushed her right over the edge and she came in a squirming, shuttering orgasm with a groan that came from her toes, through her entire body, like a deep growl. Needless to say, we didn't have dinner until fairly late that night. She fucked me silly.

Over the next several months this happened quite often. I asked her a couple times why she didn't just ask for permission to pull him to an out of the way place in one of the empty offices or one of the warehouses and suck his cock or fuck him. She said he was dating another woman in the office, or maybe two... she wasn't sure. She called him a slut. I laughed, "Just like you my dear" which got me a smack on the arm.

We saw him several times when we were out, he was always with one of his girlfriends. Never the same one twice. Roni couldn't take her eyes off him on any of the occasions we saw him. John was about 6'5", just over a foot taller than Roni, 40 years old and very fit. He was a tri-athlete and it showed. He didn't see us most of the time. I could see Roni throwing eye darts at whatever girl he was with.

*****

I had gotten a recent promotion that lead me to working under a new VP. As luck would have it, she happened to mention on a call that she was looking for a new admin assistant. I knew what our company paid compared to what Roni made, so I mention she might be interested. Roni took the new job 2 weeks later.

About a month and a half after Roni left the company, we were out as usual and John actually saw us and made his way over. The girl he was with was a giggly little blond I recognized from as a bartender at one of the local watering holes. Cute, not the brightest bulb on the tree, but made a mean cocktail and was a real happy-go-lucky girl.

They walked up to our table and John waved to Roni and said "hey Kiddo": I thought I saw your SUV in the parking lot. Roni semi-stammered a quick "HI" and promptly knocked her glass over and sent another crashing to the floor trying to catch it, causing her to blush in the dimly lit club, causing John and his friend to laugh, and me to both laugh externally and to internally smirk and move forward just a bit, lest someone notice the hard-on growing in my jeans. I knew knowing Roni must be absolutely sizzling and dripping wet between her legs... I'd be getting fucked good when we get home... That's if she didn't make me stop at a hidden place we know of before we even made it home.

The club was packed so John asked if they could join us. "Of course, belly up to the bar", I said as I motioned to the table. John introduced himself to me and both of us to his friend, Chrissy.

We all chatted for a while before the already dim lights got darker and the music started to turn louder. After about an hour it was nearly impossible to talk across the table. After several Vodka Red Bulls, Roni was in her full tilt, "my clit is swollen and tingling, I wanna fuck, happy dance," mode. 

Even though she was trying to suppress he movement, it got her noticed by John. "You must really want to dance tonight kiddo" he said. She managed to spill another drink and before she could think of a snappy comeback, other than; "No, but I'd really like to fuck you, asshole", Chrissy lit up and grabbed her arm. "Let's leave these two lazy guys here" - let's go dance!! 

SAVED BY THE BELLL!! or maybe by the goofy blonde, but saved none the less. Roni toddled off with Chrissy to the lady's room on the way to the dance floor. John and I just smirked at each other.

He came around to the back side of the table and he and I started shooting the shit. Our jobs, the local ball teams, cars... basic guy stuff. After about 10 minutes the waitress came by and got us some new drinks and cleaned up the latest spilled drink.

We both laughed when she finished and John commented about Roni always being clumsy and dropping things at work and things too. I must have given him a quizzical kind of look and he mentioned how she was always dropping things, spilling coffee and a couple times she tripped over a chair and nearly walk in to a door. I looked at him with as little expression as possible on my face and said, yeah, she has a condition.

He started to apologize, saying he had no idea she had a medical issue. I put up my hand and cut him off. 

Me: No John, she has a "Condition", making hand quotes in the air around that word.

John: looks at me confused.

Me: Did you ever see or hear about it happening when you aren't around?

John: Come to think of it, no. I'd see her when she didn't know it and I never saw that happen.

...a few moments of silence

John: So, what "condition" are you talking about that makes her clumsy? 

*He was actually REALLY confused now... I was laughing hysterically inside and shook my head laughing...*

Me, thinking "Welcome to man-land, we're always the last to figure it out": She's clumsy because you make her blood pressure spike, her clit hard and her pussy hot and wet... long story short? She wants to FUCK YOU... BAD!!

His jaw dropped, he stammered ad tried to find words. I never let him open his mouth. It's OK, man, I saw the swelling in your jeans, I know you'd like to fuck her too. More attempts to find words that wouldn't come out. Just then the girls came back.

They were both really drunk now.

Roni: Hey guys, how's tricks (yup, toasted)

Chrissy: We just wanted to check in, well, back to dancing... and off they went.

John hadn't said a word and never took his eyes off of Roni. As they walked off, I could tell Roni liked him looking at her... her ass was shaking just a little more than usual.

Roni looked back over her shoulder as she walked away... not at me, at John, directly in to his eyes.

John saw it and froze. After she turned away I snapped my fingers next to his ears to get his attention and he looked over at me with a somewhat worried look on his face.

Me: Don't worry dude, it's cool, I'd love to watch her fuck you... His jaw dropped when I asked for his cell number and gave him ours.

He and I talked a lot that evening, watching the girls dance. He is actually a great guy. Has 2 kids and his ex-wife makes his life miserable. He has a real phobia of relationships that get serious.

I told him several times that it was all good, that I could use a nice FfWB. He got his confused look again.

FfWB = Friend for Wifely Benefits: i.e. a friend I could have fuck my wife from time to time who maybe has a female friend we could include, or even a male friend to help him service her.

That's when he had the upper hand and smirked. My quizzical look led him to share: I have an identical twin brother who lives nearby, on the way to where you live actually... and he said his bimbo girlfriends will fuck anyone, so that part can be covered too.

When the girls came back, Chrissy had another friend, Andrea, with her. She told John they wanted to go to a different club. John said he wasn't really keen on the club they wanted to go to and told Chrissy it was fine for her to go, so she left with Andrea, leaving John there with us.

Roni was a quite happy drunk. Not trashed, but fun drunk. She was still dance happy so I told her to go to the edge of the dance floor where we could see her and watch her dance. She was more than happy to. She walked to the floor, shaking her tight sexy little ass in her skirt and she went knowing we were both watching her. She danced and swayed, facing to and away from us. Her hips gyrating for the next hour or more. Stopping occasionally for some water. She must have really been feeling the moment because I knew her happy drunk must be fading a bit but her horny was not. What she didn't know is that a plan had been formed.

At closing time. John said his good-bye and as I told him would happen, Roni reached up and gave him a hug. As she was hugging him, he looked at me over her shoulder. Just as I told him to when she hugged him, he slipped his hands down to her ass and gave it a nice double squeeze, pulling her close and kissed her one the side of her neck. This made the hug last just that much longer and I could literally see the chill run up her spine.

We all walked out of the club and John drove off. When we got in our vehicle I asked Roni how it felt when he squeezed her ass. Her breathing immediately picked up.

Roni: You saw that, she asked?

Me: Yes, the shiver you had told me you did. "*smirk*

Roni: ASSHOLE!! Smack on the arm.

Me: You must be really hot and horny right now.

Roni: Take me to "Fuck me" park!!

"Fuck me" park is a place we found way off the beaten track off a country road on the way to where we live. It's an old abandoned picnic/park/camping area. It's pretty much forgotten so hardly anyone goes knows where it is or goes there, especially in the middle of the night.

I told her to get in the back seat. She did. Off we drove.

As we were driving along, once we left the main well-lit part of town I told her to move to the middle of the seat. "Take off your panties" and spread your legs. She did as she was told and began to finger her sloppy wet pussy, legs pull up and wide open, no prompting needed.

She was really going at herself, unable to respond other than a moan or grunt when I said something she liked, which at that point was almost anything.

You enjoyed looking at John, didn't you? Moan!

You've been thinking about his cock all night, haven't you? Grunt, moan!

You'd love to fuck him, wouldn't you? Moooooooan! ORGASM!!... that didn't take long.

It took us about 20 minutes to get to the abandoned park. When I arrived, I opened the backseat windows so the air wouldn't get stuffy with what was coming. Roni loves outdoor sex. 

By the time I turned off the engine and got in the back with her, she has stripped off all her clothes, kneeling in the middle of the seat and before I had even sat down, she had my cock in her mouth.

Roni was ravenous. It took her three bobs of her head to take my entire cock down her throat. She was sucking like she hadn't had a cock in quite a while.

As she was working me over, I tilted my head back and gave a thumbs-up out the open window. Just then, her phone jingled loudly which startled her.

Just as I was going to say something she stopped and looked at me, laughing. "Why do people have such fucking great timing" giggling to herself?

It's for you dear, I said, handing her phone to her. She didn't notice I had her phone in my hand when I got in. She looked at the number and didn't recognize it. Open it, I said. Confused, she opened the text message.

Even I was a little impressed. There in the text message was an athletic hand, wrapped around a huge hard cock, at least 9 inches with big, throbbing veins.

"Would you like this baby?" was all it said. Roni, always easily confused, looked at me with a WTF look on her face. Go ahead, answer it. As she started to type, I took the phone out of her hand. She said, how can I answer without my phone, almost in a pissed off tone. I laughed and pointed to the open window. I said, answer out loud.

Roni-confused: Answer what?

Me: Do you want that cock some day?

Roni: ... um... Yes... but who...*cutoff*

Me: Yes what?

Roni: Huh?...

John, speaking through the window as he opened the door and got in, naked, except for his sneakers: Do you want to suck my cock before I fuck you?

Roni: stunned, speechless, motionless.

Me, taking Roni's hand, placing it on John's cock: Do. You. Want. To. Suck. His. Cock?

Roni: looks at me, then at John, quietly and shyly says "yes"

John, in a firm voice: Roni, if you want to suck my cock, ask nicely?

Roni, breathlessly: John, can I please suck your wonderful cock.

John barely had a chance to respond and Roni had her mouth wrapped around his cock. It took her 5 minutes to get his cock fully buried deep in her mouth. She sucked him like a mad woman. It was 20 minutes before he exploded in her mouth, pumping shot after shot into her, cum oozing out the sides of her mouth. Once she was done, he used his finger to feed her every last drop that had escaped her lips, which she eagerly sucked from his fingers, looking in to his eyes.

Without warning, John got out of the vehicle and motioned to Roni. She complied and followed him out. As she exited, John easily picked her up and carried her off toward the old picnic area. On the edge of what was a grill pit area, there was a big bench, made out of a portion of a thick tree trunk, about 36 inches wide - more than enough to lay her back over its gentle curve.

John sat her on it, then laid her back, arched perfectly, pussy spread wide on one side, head relaxed and resting over the other. Kneeling between her legs, John went to work and he had her moaning in no time. 

John told her it was OK to let loose because there was not a chance she'd be heard with us ½ a mile off the road. He told her the nearest house was several miles away: I found out while he and I were talking, that he knew this place, that's when we hatched our plan. He grew up two houses from that nearest house... his brother still owns the house they grew up in.

While John was busily working on Roni's clit, I walked around and slipped my cock into her mouth, she was at just the perfect height after all, no sense in wasting the perfect opportunity. Roni must have pictured what was happening in her mind because she yelped in an orgasm nearly immediately, bucking and screaming, her voice echoing a little in the trees.

John was nice and gave her a minute to regain her composure before he moved up between her legs, laying the tip of his huge still hard cock at her clit, rubbing gently. Roni whimpered as he teased her.

I winked at him, then he asked Roni: Does your tight little pussy need my cock. Do you want it? Slut!!

Hearing him say that word nearly made her cum again on the spot. Yes John, please fuck my tight, hot, dripping pussy. I need your cock. I haven't had a wonderful new cock in so long and have been dreaming about fucking you. I need it, please fuck me.

The entire time she was talking, John had been using his fingers to lube himself up with her juices and as she begged, he slid the entire length of his cock slowly in as she spoke her last three words. He didn't stop that long slow thrust until his balls slapped up against her ass just as the word "me" finished.

John slowly slid his cock nearly out over 3 or 4 seconds, then slammed it to the hilt, repeating that motion over and over.

Roni's eyes closed the first time he slowly slid in, her head tilting back, two hands on her cheeks guided a cock deeply into her mouth. Each time John slammed in to her, it pushed cock deep in to her mouth. She would tell me later that it took her a few minutes before she realized it was no longer my cock, and I don't think at that point she really cared. She said once she figured out it wasn't me she got hornier knowing that it was another really nice cock.

John fucked her like that, with another cock in her mouth, for nearly 30 minutes before she exploded again, covering his cock with juices. He pulled his cock out, moved around and replaced the other cock and made her clean his cock off. The other cock moved around and slid into her wet, tingling, pussy. She gasped as it went in. She hadn't realized, neither had I, that this cock, although shorter than Johns, was even thicker.

Once she had finished cleaning his cock, John backed away. Roni lifted her head and looked to see who was attached to the huge thick cock thumping into her.

OMG!! She said, moaning before and after saying it. OMG, FUCK ME!!... she could believe it. She looked to her left, then back between her legs. How? She said... I could see the confusion and pleasure in her eyes, the questioning.?. How can John stand next to me AND fuck me at the same time?

Roni, meet my twin brother, Rick. With a loud groan she laid her head back before screaming again... Please fuck me harder with your thick cock Rick!! Rick complied.

Roni had her legs wrapped around Rick, ankles locked behind him. She'd be damned if he even had the chance to think about stopping before she was done. After a few minutes she told him she wanted him to fuck her from behind. Rick pulled out and she flipped over and he was back inside in mere seconds. The first time he slammed in to her from behind she growled and bucked back against him. 

After a few thrusts, John had moved up next to her and she started to lick and suck his cock. John raised his hand and slapped it down on her ass. She screamed in pleasure and told him to do it again, John complied. Rick fucked her and john spanked her every so often. This went on with Rick fucking her so hard for 10 minutes, that she convulsed and came so hard she momentarily passed out during orgasm. She told me later as she blacked out she nearly threw up from her body tightening up so violently.
