 Please note, dear reader, that Sophie likes her name to be pronounced with the accent on the second syllable. She prays you to keep this in mind when reading this story. You might even exercise it a couple of times before you start, she suggests :-) Sophie furthermore wishes you a pleasurable and exciting reading and so do I.

This is my story on how I first met Sophie, some ten years ago. Yes, it was like a fairy tale. I was in my mid twenties at the time. On a bright hot summer day I went for a long walk with my dog Boris, a German shepherd. Soon I was in the woods, protected from the hard burning sun.

As I had walked for some time I saw a girl approaching my path from another direction. As she came closer I noticed she was dressed like a schoolgirl. In fact she might have been a schoolgirl, barely eighteen as I learned later. She wore white stockings that came to her knees and a dark blue pleated skirt that ended at her mid thighs. 

She looked very young, like a girl of sixteen maybe. Although … her white blouse betrayed her real age. It was half unbuttoned (yes it was a warm day) and revealed her white bra and the upper part of her firm titties, as it is appropriate to call those treasures of a girl that young. In fact they looked like the full breasts of a mature woman. 

As we met, she gave me a bright smile. I told her it must be my lucky day, meeting such a beautiful girl in the woods. She laughed and said the luck was all hers, crossing the path of a handsome young man like me.

Believe me or not, she wore a basket on her arm. As I asked what was in it, she said that she was taking some apples to her granny. 

"Oh, so you are Little Red Riding Hood," I smiled. 

"Then you must be the huntsman," she replied. "And is this the big bad wolf?" she asked, pointing at Boris. He waggled his tail, showing he wasn't. She gently stroked the dog's head with the result of a still more vehement tail waggling. 

"I think he likes me," she said. "Look at his tail!"

"I like you too, but it doesn't show that clearly," I replied. 

Briefly, as if unintentionally, she looked down at my crotch and blushed in an adorable way. She looked up at me and we both laughed. 

"I'm Sophie," she introduced herself. "I'm going to my granny for the weekend."

After I introduced myself, she asked me if I would like to come along with her to meet her granny and her cousin Fanny who also would be there. I willingly agreed. Boris waggled his tail and we resumed our walk.

After a while we took a rest and sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree. Sophie moved close to me and I put my arm around her shoulder. Lovingly I caressed her auburn hair. She looked me in the eyes and smiled. I gently kissed her on her lips. Yes, this was love at first sight. 

Again I kissed her and she responded eagerly by opening her lips. My tongue went cautiously in her mouth. Slowly I moved it in and out. I ceased for a moment, wondering what she would do. Hesitantly her tongue went in my mouth. Then she started to move it teasingly in and out with quick strokes. Obviously she was not totally inexperienced in the matter. 

I put my hand in her blouse and gently stroke her tits. I unbuttoned her blouse. Still kissing her, I tried clumsily to unhook her bra. 

"Oh, boys," she laughed. She stood up and removed her blouse. Then she drew her arms behind her back and unhooked her bra. She held it before her breasts and smiled teasingly. 

"What do boys want to see?" she asked.

"Boobies, titties, tattas," I replied eagerly. 

"And how do boys ask for that?" she questioned me.

"Please," I said. She smiled but didn't move.

"Please, may I see your titties," I tried once more.

Sophie lowered her bra and dropped it on the ground. She stood up in front of me and slowly turned around so I could admire her breasts in front as well as in profile. They were full and slightly more than medium sized, yet firmly standing up as only very young girls have them. Her erect nipples proudly pointed forward. 

In profile her breasts looked at their best, gracefully rounded at the underside, gradually drawing up to her nipples, and then curving perfectly at the upper side. They were of a dazzling beauty, a sculptured work of nature. But this eulogy of Sophie's breasts is only a faint description of what my eyes feasted themselves on. 

I raised and approached Sophie. As I reached for her breasts, she quickly escaped me and put her bra and blouse back on. She noticed the disappointed look in my face.

"You only asked to see," she laughed. "Maybe next time you can ask for something more." 

We resumed our walk and soon arrived at her granny's cottage just at the rim of the wood. There seemed to be nobody home.

"She must be in the garden. She likes to sunbathe," Sophie said. She took my hand and we went around the house. There we found Sophie's granny lying on a large bath towel in the grass, apparently asleep. She must have been in her early fifties, but looked like a woman of forty at the most. 

I swallowed as I saw that she was lying on her back completely naked! My eyes were drawn to her large breasts. Those must be all in the family I thought. She had her legs slightly open, probably in order to get a complete tan. I had a splendid view on the ample bush of her pubic hair, which covered almost entirely her sex, except for the middle where I could see the fleshy lips of her cunt. Boris waggled his tail. 

Sophie silenced me with her finger across her lips. Cautiously we approached the lady in the grass. Then Sophie coughed loudly. 

The gorgeous lady opened her eyes, amazed to see us. 

"You naughty girl, sneaking in here with a complete stranger," she said to Sophie. "Look at me laying here naked."

"He already had a good look," Sophie replied, referring to me. 

The lady didn't seem to be utterly annoyed. Apparently she wasn't of a prudish nature. Nevertheless when she rose to her feet, she drew her bath towel around her. For a moment I had seen her standing naked. She was tall and had a firm statuesque figure.

"Now I am decent," she said. As her towel barely covered her big boobs, yet revealing a bit of her pussy, I was thinking that everything in live is relative.

"May I present you my friend Paul," Sophie said formally. 

"Hi, I'm Sophie's granny," the gorgeous lady replied. "But don't you dare to call me that. My name is Vicky."

As Sophie asked where her cousin Fanny was, Vicky told her she went upstairs to take a shower. At that very moment a young girl appeared, running wildly at Sophie. She enthusiastically took Sophie in her arms and kissed her on her lips. She wore the tiniest bikini I ever had seen. It barely covered anything of her exquisite figure. Boris waggled his tail fervently. By the time he had become a connoisseur. 

Fanny must have been of the same age as Sophie but like every one in the family looked much younger. There was although a noticeable difference with Sophie and Vicky. She had a slim build and rather petite titties! On the other hand, her nipples were of the family brand, hard and nearly piercing the bra of her bikini.

After Sophie had presented me to Fanny, we all went to a porch at the backside of the house where we could sit in the shadow. Vicky served us some cool long drinks. 

"Why don't you take off that uniform with this hot weather," Vicky told Sophie.

"I don't have my bikini with me," Sophie answered hesitatingly. 

"Oh, you can sit in your underwear. I'm sure Paul won't mind," Vicky replied, looking laughingly at me.

Sophie went inside the house and returned in only her white bra and panties. Yes, Boris was waggling his tail again.

Now I was sitting on the couch with Sophie next to me. In front of us Vicky and Fanny sipped on their glass. A low table stood between us. I had a view on the garden behind them. But my eyes were more attracted to Fanny's crotch. Her smallest possible bikini thong had a seam in the middle that slightly entered her cunny, as in Victorian times they called this charming treasure of teenage lasses. It made her lips protrude provokingly. 

I shifted my eyes to Vicky. Her bath towel had dropped at the top, uncovering one of her breasts almost entirely, its provoking nipple clearly visible. The bottom of the towel had slightly drawn up. 

"Remember this is your lucky day," Sophie whispered in my ear.

I put my arm around her shoulder. As if inadvertently she rested her hand between my legs. This gave her a clear knowledge of the state I was in. 

Vicky poured us another long drink. She suggested that we would go back to the garden and all take a sunbath. 

Fanny brought us some more towels and spread them maliciously on the grass: two by two so we would face each other. As she and Vicky installed themselves on their back in front of us, Sophie and I had a tantalizing look between their legs, as we rested on our backs as well. Vicky had removed her towel and lay completely naked! Fanny had taken off her bikini, although this didn't' make a big difference.

"Take off your clothes, young lovers," Vicky smiled.

Sophie stood up and removed her bra. Then she bent over and graciously took off her panties. In all her splendor she stood naked before me and smiled. For the first time in my life I had a look at her adorable pussy, barely covered by the shadow of her light brown hair. Oh Sophie! 

"Well young man?" Vicky questioned me.

I removed my shirt and trousers and stood in my underpants.

"I'm afraid this is not enough," Vicky said with a resolute voice. 

"I cannot," I replied hesitantly. "I'm not decent."

The ladies all looked at the bulge in my underpants. 

"I keep a fisherman's hat of my late husband in the trunk on the porch," Vicky said helpfully. "It might just fit you." 

Fanny went to catch it and handed it over to me. A bit timid I turned my back and removed my underpants. I held the hat before my hard on and lay down before the ladies. The hat stood up fiercely!

We all lay down now on our towels enjoying our sunbath. After a while Sophie asked me innocently to get some more long drinks for us. Cleverly holding my hat before me I went to the porch. As I returned with the drinks on a tray I didn't have to hold the hat. It stood without any support!

Sophie whispered something in Fanny's ear. Abruptly the girl removed the covering hat on my dick. I couldn't drop the tray and stood in my naked glory before the girls' avid eyes. 

Sophie took the tray from my hands and put it on the grass. Swiftly I covered myself with the hat again. We all had another drink. 

But then, as I was lying on my back again, Fanny without any warning took my hat once more and ran away with it. Quickly I chased her, following my erect penis! As Vicky and Sophie watched this bucolic scene, Boris ran behind us, barking loudly. I waggled my tail!

Finally I catched Fanny. She dropped the hat and bent over to pick it up. In my run I collided her bum, just managing not to enter her pussy.

"Oh, did you hurt your willie?" she giggled. 

"Sucky sucky?" she laughed.

Before I could move or say anything she went on her knees and gave me a kiss on my cock. She took it in her mouth but was interrupted by Vicky.

"Stop it," she ordered. "What must Paul think about our family!"

I kept my luscious thoughts about the family for myself and lay down on my bath towel again, next to Sophie. All these events had not diminished my erection of course. But I didn't cover myself with the hat anymore. As worst had occurred, I willingly resigned to my fate. 

Fanny kept staring avidly at my dick. She slowly licked her lips looking me strait in the eyes. Then her hand went down between her legs. She smiled teasingly as she entered her middle finger between her pink pussy lips and slowly drew it in and out.

"Stop that bantering Fanny," Vicky ordered. "The poor boy looks as if he can't stand it much longer. He is all wet from perspiration."

"Come upstairs with me," Sophie said. "I'll show you the bathroom so you can take a shower."

"Fucky fucky," Fanny laughed. Vicky smiled. Sophie blushed.

She took my hand and we went into the house. In the bathroom she took me in the shower with her.

Soon we were all wet. Sophie started to rub my back with ample soap. Then she turned me around and raised my arms. She soaped my chest and slowly went down. I held my breath as she stroked my cock. But soon she stopped.

"I don't want to make you come yet, darling," she said. 

Now it was my turn to soap her back. I caressed her buttocks. Then I twisted her around but she pushed me back.

"What do boys want to touch?" she smiled. 

"Boobies, titties, tattas," I answered.

"From now on, you don't have to ask for it anymore darling," she whispered.

She cupped her breasts, offering them to me. With both hands I began to massage them. Now and then my thumbs circled her erect nipples. Then my hands went down and I rubbed her pussy. Gently I entered my finger between her lips. But again she pushed me back.

"No, not yet darling," she said with a hoarse voice. She turned the shower on again and I took her in my arms and kissed her passionately. 

We came out of the shower and I rubbed her dry. As I kneeled before her to wipe her open legs, I had an enticing look at the delicate folds of her moist cunt. I kissed her pussy.

"Come darling," Sophie smiled amorously. 

I followed her to her bedroom. As we lay down on the double bed, Sophie leant on her elbow and kissed me. I caressed her breasts while her hand tenderly stroke my penis. Not able to restrain myself any longer, I kneeled between her thighs and eagerly tongued her sweet cunny. She moaned.

"Come darling, come in me. Fuck me," she whispered. 

And then gently, tenderly, I entered her. Oh, Sophie!

She responded passionately moving her hips up and down. Then she wrapped her legs around my back in an invitation to enter her as deep as I could. Slowly, for an endless time I moved in her. Again and again I kissed her. Sophie closed her legs on my penis and squeezed me in a tantalizing ordeal. We looked deeply in each other's eyes.

We heightened our pace. Faster and faster, deeper and deeper, I thrusted myself in her. Sophie climaxed and moaned softly as I spend in her.

For a long time we rested in each other's arms. 

"I love you Sophie," I said.

"I'll love you forever darling," she whispered.

* * *

After a while we went downstairs, both with a bath towel around our middle. As we sat on the porch, Vicky and Fanny joined us. 

"Will you stay for the weekend?" Vicky asked me.

"Yes," Sophie and Fanny answered in unison.

I smiled and thanked Vicky.

"I will go to the super market now and I'll buy some food for Boris as well," Vicky said. Boris thankfully waggled his tail. 

Vicky served us a delicious cold dish that night. As later on we prepared to go to bed, Fanny innocently asked where I was going to sleep.

"With Sophie of course," Vicky said.

"I think we should draw lots for it. You can participate too," Fanny replied.

"Mm, don't tempt me," Vicky smiled. "But he is Sophie's boyfriend and we will leave the two lovers alone now." Had I seen briefly an eager look in her eyes?

I went with Sophie to her room. Soon we lay naked on our bed. As Sophie started to kiss me all over my body, it didn't take long for me to get another firm erection. Then slowly the door opened and Fanny entered the room. She wore only the top of a sheer baby doll that ended well above her pussy. She had a finger in her mouth and looked terribly sexy.

"I hope I don't disturb anything," she said innocently. 

"Oh, come with us Fanny," Sophie laughed. "I was expecting you."

Fanny enthusiastically joined us on the bed and hastily removed her baby doll. Of course it didn't take her long to kneel between my legs and take my penis in her mouth. Sophie eagerly watched her slow movements on my cock and kissed me passionately. 

I groaned as I felt Sophie's tongue moving teasingly in my mouth, while Fanny's strokes on my rigid shaft went deeper and deeper. Suddenly she cautiously started to bite my tormented cock! But then she stopped abruptly. 

"Please, may I fuck him?" she asked Sophie.

"I don't know if he wants you to," Sophie smiled.

"Well, eh, I wouldn't mind," I replied hesitatingly. "But I want to stay faithful to you."

"You will always be faithful to me if you only fuck the girls I want you to," Sophie replied. Fanny gave her a tender kiss.

As my fate was decided upon now, Fanny didn't loose any more time. She opened her legs and slowly lowered herself on my penis. Her cunt was all wet and felt terribly tight. 

As an experienced Amazon she rode me in a frenzied way. As she lowered her torso she raised my hands beside my head, holding my wrists firmly. I kissed her perky little tits and softly nibbled on her hard nipples. Fanny increased her pace. 

"Wait," Sophie asked. "I want some too. Don't worry, I'll give him back to you and I won't make him come."

Reluctantly Fanny raised herself from my prick and made room for Sophie. Again I was eagerly mounted. But as Fanny couldn't wait any longer, she spread her thighs over my head and rubbed her hot little pussy on my mouth. My tongue went deeply in and out her cranny as at the same time I fervently thrusted my cock in and out of Sophie's cunny.

As promised, Sophie eased herself from my prick now so Fanny could take her place once more. Again she rode me wildly. Sophie lay on her back beside us, vehemently masturbating. Completely going wild, Fanny suddenly cried out as at the same time I spend in her. Sophie softly moaned as she climaxed.

It took us some time to recover. Both girls lay silently in my arms sighing contentedly from time to time. Oh, how I cherished this tender moments! After a while Fanny bid us goodnight. She tenderly kissed Sophie and gave me an amorous smile.

Sophie and I soon went to sleep. In the middle of the night Sophie woke me up with sweet kisses. We made love again.

* * *

In the late morning we went downstairs where Vicky had prepared us an elaborate brunch. Unfortunately the weather was not so bright anymore. As we could not sunbathe, Fanny suggested that we play a party game. She went to her room and came back with a mysterious box. It was labeled 'Kinky Games for Horny Lovers.' Sophie smiled knowingly. 

Before we started all the ladies had to go upstairs and dress themselves in elegant garments and frivolous lingerie! I was instructed to get fully dressed.

The game was not too complicated. Each time we threw the dice somebody had to remove some garment. But one could also draw a card with special instructions for the player of his or her choice. There were pink cards for the girls and blue cards for the boys.

For some strange reasons I soon was in my underwear. Fanny and Sophie still were completely dressed. Vicky on the contrary had to remove her dress and showed us her ample figure in an exciting pink lingerie set that contrasted in a marvelous way with her tanned complexion. She wore a low cut bra that revealed her full breasts and the dark areolas around her protruding nipples. Although Boris was not participating in the game, I saw his tongue licking his mouth.

Fanny drew a card showing 'remove the bra of your opponent.' I was designated to do so with Vicky. Then Sophie drew another card that instructed Vicky to remove her panties and to pose naked before us. Soon I was instructed by the rules of the wicked game to stand completely naked also in front of the ladies. They gazed eagerly at my fierce erection. 

As Fanny and Sophie still were fully dressed, I grew a bit suspicious. Were they cheating? But now Fanny drew another card instructing me to kneel between Vicky's legs and to kiss her pussy. Vicky smiled. Was I the innocent victim of a conspiracy between the three ladies?
