 My ex husband, I note, has written a lot of stories, a lot of them involving me, but also that slut Sandy he hooked up with after we separated. Serves the prick right she dumped him. You may have read some of them, he writes under Ronnie 1946, and I'm the Catherine he refers too. I must confess though the last story he wrote about my first swinger's experience, which he told in the first person, was pretty accurate, within reason. I mean there are just some pillow talk a girl just doesn't tell her husband after she's just been super screwed by two studs!!

Anyway I'm not here to talk about him and his stories; I'm here to talk about a lot of the stuff he never knew about.

For instance the time I met one of the guys, Tony, who used to go to the swingers parties with his girlfriend, Sue. Tony was a tall, well built guy, probably in his early thirties. When we first screwed, at one of the many parties we went to at Mark & Jocelyn's, we hit it off immediately. Although I was a lot older than his little sexpot girlfriend, I think she was in her early twenties, not much older than our son, he really enjoyed sex with me and would often commandeer me most of the night. I didn't ever object mind you, the guy had a thick 8" cock that really filled me up, great staying power and I would frequently end up orgasming many times before he eventually blew his load.

Anyway Tony had been witness to me in some MFM action, although never involved himself, knew of my obvious enjoyment 

I committed the swingers cardinal sin! I let Tony talk me into a daytime meeting with him alone. I never hesitated in accepting the invitation, I loved his cock and his staying power plus I was a little bit, oh alright a lot, flattered that he would want to screw me, a forty five year old mother of three, when he had the horny little twenty something girlfriend.

As the time got closer for the meeting I started to get "cold feet" but then my clit started to twitch, my pussy began to get wet thinking about it and all guilt senses disappeared.

We were to meet at the Gazebo Hotel in Parramatta, not far from my home in the Hills District but far enough away not to worry about bumping into anyone I knew. 

Although I have three children, they were all by caesarean section (not by choice it's just what nature did to me) so I still have a very tight pussy. Having been a nurse, up until recently, I've kept my figure in trim so I'm quite shapely with curves in the right places. I'm particularly proud of my boobs (36D), I have a nice shaped bum, that hasn't sagged yet, and reasonably long slender legs. 

I dressed to kill!!

I showered at home, shaved legs, underarms and pussy so not a hair was to be seen anywhere, where it mattered, on my body. I put on my favourite Chanel perfume, Coco, and being summer I wore a light summer dress that showed off my best assets, particularly with the sun behind it. It had a low cut neckline and my boobs were accentuated by the half cup bra so plenty of cleaving, and a far bit of breast, was on show. The dress had a belt around the waist, the skirt stopping just above the knee and my legs took on that lovely shapely look by wearing stilettos, the type with the strappy ties up the calf. You know, the type that say "take me home and fuck me!"

We met in the bar and I felt pretty good as I walked in, I couldn't help noticing the admiring glances from a lot of the men, as I walked towards Tony. As I walked past one table I a guy say quietly to his mate, "lucky bastard, reckon he's gunna get into her pants today."

If only he knew I was being daring and wasn't wearing any!

Tony greeted me with a kiss on the cheek. 

"You look like you could use a drink," he smiled.

I smiled back, "A glass of wine would be great."

There weren't any tables left to sit at so we moved to the end of the bar and sat on a couple of high stools. The talk between us was very lighthearted, with a bit of sexual undertones, and after a couple of wines I was feeling quite mellow and considerably horny!

"Would you like something to eat?" Tony asked, as I finished the last of my wine.

"No, but I wouldn't mind if you had something to eat. Me hopefully?" I smiled. 

Tony grinned, slid off his stool and held out his hand, helping me off the stool. As I slid down the skirt of my dress caught up on the stool sliding up and exposing my bare butt cheeks and almost my pussy. Quickly I pulled it down to cover my embarrassment but not before a wolf whistle came from a group of guys sitting at a table behind us in the corner.

"Gorgeous butt, lady. You're a lucky man buddy," one of the guys called out.

Seeing my reddening face Tony quickly slipped his arm around my waist and steered me out to the lifts. I don't embarrass easily but showing my bare arse to a bar full of men and women is not quite the norm for me. 

In the lift Tony put his arms around me and held me very tightly. "He's right you know, the guy in the bar, you are a very beautiful women Catherine and I feel special, to be able to spend any time at all with you."

Some men just know how to say the right things, don't they? I melted against him, letting him feel every curve of my body against his. He slid one hand down my back and cupped my bum, as he tilted my face up to his with the other, and kissed me deeply and passionately, his tongue probing into my mouth. I received him eagerly, responding just as fervently with the kiss, and felt his cock straining in his pants as it pressed into my abdomen.

"We had better stop this now," I said breathlessly as I broke the kiss, "otherwise we are going to be arrested for fornicating in the lift."

The bell in the lift announced we'd arrived at our floor, ending any chance of an arrest!

Once in the room Tony wasted no time taking up where we'd left off in the lift. Wrapping his arms around me and pulling me to him the kiss became more urgent as his tongue probed me once more, his hands roaming over my butt squeezing my bum cheeks and pulling me hard against his stiff cock. He slipped the shoulder straps of my dress down over my arms. I helped him as I dropped my arms to my side to allow him to undo the belt and slip the dress over my hips and onto the floor.

I stood there naked except for my bra and strappy stilettos.

"You are sensational Catherine, I'm going to come before I get my pants off if I don't stop playing with you now."

"We don't want to waste a drop of your cum, I want that in me. So we'd better get you undressed straight away."

As he started to take of his tie and shirt I began unbuckling his trousers, unbuttoning them, unzipping his fly and letting them fall to the floor. His beautiful cock was straining through his jocks so I very quickly released it from its captivity, grasping and caressing it with both hands. I dropped down, knees on the floor and slid my mouth over his beautiful cock letting it slide right into the back of my throat, my nose pressed up against his shaved pubic area. I love deep throating and I might say, without boasting too much, I'm very good at it!

Tony gasped as swallowed his cock, then I drew back and swallowed it again. I kept this going up and down his cock, his hands grasping my head, as he struggled to keep his composure.

"Catherine if you don't stop I'm gonna come."

I didn't stop, in fact I worked his cock and his balls even harder, one hand following my mouth up and down his shaft whilst the other gently squeezes and kneaded his balls. I felt his cock thicken, his balls tighten as he groaned, "Oh fuck, I'm coming." I sucked him right down my throat as the first load hit the back of my throat and swallowed it straight down. The swallowing motion increased the pressure on his cock and the second load seemed even bigger than the first. I just kept sucking and swallowing 'til there was none left. I was very proud of myself; I didn't spill one tiny drop.

As I let him slip his cock from my mouth I looked up at him. Amazingly his cock was still hard. I reached for it again but before I could grasp it he grabbed my hand and pulled me gently to my feet. Bending down to me he kissed me hard and passionately, his hand slipping down between our bodies and cupping my mons. A finger slipped easily into me, I was very, very wet.

"My god you're wet," he said surprised.

"I think I had a little orgasm as you came," I smiled, wriggling my pussy onto his fingers, of which there were now two inside me. "And now I'd like to have a big orgasm, if you don't mind. In fact if you keep finger fucking me the way you are I'll probably come quite soon."

Gently removing his fingers from my very wet pussy he scooped me up effortlessly and lifted me onto the king size bed. Laying me down he eased my thighs apart and eased three fingers into me, massaging my clit with his thumb and his fingers now, rubbing my G spot. It didn't take long and I started to come. I'm a vocal person when I orgasm and there are a lot of calls to the lord and his son in amongst the "oh fuck, I coming. Don't stop" etc.

Tony slowly withdrew his finger, knelt between my parted thighs and eased his 8" thick cock into my waiting pussy. It slid in easily but still made me gasp as it hit all the way home. He lifted my legs high so my buttocks weren't touching the bed, just my back and shoulders, grasped me by the ankles and began to plough my aching pussy mercilessly. My hands reached around to grasp his bum and pull him in further.

I came again immediately but with much more force this time, accompanied with the obligatory "Oh fuck, don't stop. Don't ever stop. Oh god, Christ I'm never gonna stop cumming. Oh fuck, give it to me, ram it into me, fill my cunt with your sperm, god, Jesus, I never want you to stop" etc, etc

Losing my self control in the throws of the orgasm I sensed, rather than knew, there was another presence in the room. I felt the bed move behind my head, then there were knees and thighs either side of my face. Another pair of hands grasped my ankles from behind allowing Tony to release them and grab my thighs, pulling himself harder, and if at all possible, further into me.

I opened my eyes, from my post orgasmic bliss, and looked up to see a very good looking, naked muscular guy holding my ankles. What was more impressive was a solid, hairless, thick veiny cock and balls, the cock standing out straight in front of him had a very large head and was stiff as a board. No longer having to hold Tony's bum to pull him in (he couldn't go in any further his cock was pushing hard against my cervix) I reached up for the strangers cock to try to pull it down to my mouth. It was way too hard to bend down that far so I lifted my head slightly and took one of his testicles into my mouth. As I began to suck on his nut I started to stroke his lovely rod, massaging the head that was dripping with pre cum. It was a sensational feeling, stroking him, feeling the prominent veins down his rod and his involuntary shudders when I massaged the head, and feeling Tony plumb my depths so energetically.

Again I felt Tony's cock thicken and with a final savage thrust the first spurt of his load splattered the walls of my cavity as he began to empty his sperm into my sensitive and willing pussy. I orgasmed again, even more forcefully than the last time. Incoherent moans of delirium accompanied my ferocious orgasm as Tony's cock spewed its never ending load into depths of my cunt. Still holding onto my other lovers cock and my mouth still sucking on his balls I tried desperately to contain my own superb orgasm but had to give into the rippling pleasures taking over my body. I released my grip on the fat cock, my hands grabbing at the bedclothes, and opened my mouth in screams of ecstasy (they probably heard me up in the Hills district) which, thankfully, prevented me from castrating the newcomer. 

I must have blacked out momentarily, I do this sometimes with intense orgasms, so did not observe or feel Tony withdraw from me. As I regained my senses I felt my cunt being opened up again with a fat hard object forcing its way into my depths. I started to resist but soon discovered I was powerless. Tony was sitting behind me, his legs stretched out either side of my body and over my arms. My head was resting in his lap and his hands were massaging my breasts and squeezing my nipples, my bra had been removed. 

It was the other guy beginning to fuck me!

Tony spoke, "Relax Catherine, this is Neil, a friend of mine. I know you enjoy fucking so I brought along some help, so just lie back and enjoy it."

Even though I was pissed off at Tony for having the audacity to just assume it would be OK to have someone else come and fuck me, the combination of having my tits squeezed and nipples pinched was sending electric impulses down to my cunt. Neil's fat heeded cock was finding its way easily up my cum drenched canal, my hips were involuntarily responding to his penetrative thrusts and I was matching his movements. 

"Oh, if you're going to fuck me give it to me hard, you prick! Com'on slam that hunk of meat I've been playing with into me! Fuck me harder you bastard! I want to feel in my belly!"

The filthy talk coming from me was obviously turning Tony on again and I could feel his cock poking into the back of my neck. He released his hold on my arms and I felt him slide off the bed. Moments later Neil rolled me onto my right side and lifted my left leg onto the crook of his arm. His cock went in even deeper! I could feel it pressing against my cervix!

I felt something wet at my anus! Quickly I realised it was oil, or a lubricant being applied to my puckered entry. A finger slipped in and began to work around enlarging the entry. Another finger accompanied the first with more lubricant being applied and squeezed in to the now enlarged opening. Meanwhile Neil kept hammering away at my cunt almost totally distracting me from what was happening to my arse.

Then I felt the fingers withdraw to be replaced immediately with a cock head! With my leg still up over Neil's elbow (now I know why) I felt his hand pull at one bum cheek as Tony's hand pulled at the other opening my arsehole up as much as was possible. The lubricated head slipped in! I gasped with the pain of the sudden invasion, but that quickly disappeared as my slutty lust took over and the cock penetrated further into my anal passage.

I was in heaven! I love DP! It was one of the few things my husband and I both agreed on. He will always give my pussy up to anyone who wanted it as long as he can fuck my arse at the same time. 

Anyway I'm digressing. Once Tony had buried himself to the hilt, in my arse, the two guys started to move in unison, the more they moved the more I orgasmed, and I was constantly coming! 

"Give it to me you two bastards! Fuck me senseless! Ram my arse! Ram my cunt! Spew your loads in me! I want to feel your cum up my arse! Give me a cum enema!"

They kept at me, no gentle lovemaking here, just unadulterated lust and sex on all our parts. They drove there cocks in and out of me ferociously, and I loved it! 

Neil was the first to blow! I mean Tony had already cum twice. Neil just gave one almighty shove into the depths of my cunt and held it hard in me. I felt his cock twitch, and then erupt as he spewed his cum, splattering the walls of my cunt. His cock throbbed and spewed and twitched and it was the most sensational feeling as another ferocious orgasm racked through my body. The shaking and thrashing of my body must have set Tony off because the next sensation was my arse flooding with cum as Tony's cock erupted and I went off with another, even more devastating, screaming orgasm! This time I totally blacked out!

I must have been out for a couple of minutes. When I came around I was laying on my back on the bed. Tony was gently wiping my forehead, face and neck with a wet cloth, looking very concerned.

"Are you alright Catherine?" he asked with some concern.

I smiled weakly at him. "Do you mean am I about to shuffle off this mortal coil? No I don't think that will happen but I have to say I'm sure I've never, ever, orgasmed that intensely in my life. How long was I out?"

Neil leaned over me "A couple of minutes, Tony and I were getting quite worried. Although you seemed to be breathing it seemed quite ragged."

Laying there with cum dribbling out of my arse and cunt I felt quite the little slut. Looking up at these two good looking men I wondered if they looked on me that way.

"I think I'd like to take a shower. I'm covered in, and dribbling spunk."

"And you look quite beautiful," Neil smiled genuinely as he helped me to my feet.

I walked, a little unsteadily, to the bathroom. It was quite large with one of those two person shower stalls. I turned on the hot water, adjusted the heat and flow, and stepped in. Letting the water run over my body I thought about what I'd just done. Sure, I'd made plans to fuck Tony but I didn't count on him bringing along a friend. How did that make me feel? Slutty? Used? Or just well fucked?

Deep in my thoughts the shower door opened and Neil slipped in and joined me.

"I thought you might need you back washed," he smiled down at me.

"Now look Neil," that was all I managed to get out before his mouth came down on mine his tongue finding its way into my mouth, his arms wrapping around my wet body. I began to tremble and my legs felt weak as I responded to his kiss. I also felt that familiar stirring in my pussy as his hardening cock began to press into my belly.

He placed his hands under both my armpits and effortlessly lifted me up. I spread my legs wide as he lowered me down and speared my cunt with his hard cock.

Even though I'd had him up me less than ten minutes ago, I still gasped as the fat head forced its way up my canal. I came to rest with his cock buried in me to the hilt, my feet still not touching the floor, his hands cupping my bum. I wrapped my arms around his neck, my legs around him and kissed him passionately as he began to move in me.

I don't know whether it was the fullness of him stretching me, the hardness of him against my womb, the passionate kissing or just the fact I was still on heat 'cause I orgasmed immediately, shuddering and shaking as I did. What happened after that orgasm is still a mystery to me! I seemed to go onto "auto pilot", not really having any control over my thoughts or movements. I became almost "zombie" like!

Neil broke the kiss, "That was amazing, you've come already?" he said, more of a question.

I just nodded dumbly, dazedly thinking to myself "When am I ever going to stop cumming?"

Neil withdrew from me. Leaving me leaning against the shower wall he let the water run over me as he fetched some towels. Helping me from the shower he gently towelled me dry as I stood there in a daze. 

I think I had reached a point where I cared about nothing else but to have this lust driven craving of my body satisfied. I was basically in a stupor wanting my urges satisfied and I didn't by whom or how! I was wound up to a point where I just wanted to be fucked senseless!

Neil picked me up in his arms and I wrapped my arms around his neck as he carried me back to the bed. He laid me down gently.

"Want some more?" he looked down at me.

I just nodded dumbly and opened my legs, my cunt glistening from where I'd come in the shower.

"My god you guys weren't joking, she's fucking hot." 

I looked over and saw an average looking guy but just then Neil entered me again, his fat cockhead spreading me once more. Again I gasped as he moved quickly up my well lubricated canal and quickly started to pump his cock in and out as he bent down and took a nipple in his mouth. He bit hard. The pain travelled straight to my pussy and I screamed and orgasmed immediately. This quickly brought me out of my "zombie" state. He fucked me harder, ferociously thrusting his cock into me as he sucked and bit my nipples. I kept coming.
