 I got my meeting wrapped up and headed to the airport for the flight home. The flight was long but gladly uneventful. I spent most of my time thinking about Amy and the way she looked standing in the doorway naked. I had to smile when I thought back on the look on the cabbies face when he saw her.

Once back on the ground I headed for home and to Linda. I hoped she was in a good mood and by chance had missed me.

I opened the garage door and her car was gone. I pulled in, gathered my bags, and went inside.

There was another note:

Sorry I am not home but had to go to Diana's house for a quick neighborhood meeting. Should be back about 10.

Love, Linda

What the hell is going on? She is never home. I once again decided that the little slut was fucking another guy.

I decided to go down the street to Diana's house to see if this story was true. Diana only lived three blocks away so I just walked.

Linda's car was out front as well as about five other cars. Maybe it is true there was a neighborhood meeting. I thought I might as well see what it was about. I headed to the front door when suddenly I saw what appeared to be a naked female pass quickly by the sheer curtained window.

I then decided to not go to the door but rather try to look through the window. I snuck around to the side of the house so that if any neighbors were watching they would not think I was some sort of peeping tom. There was a window that had the curtains drawn but had a slight opening so that I could see in.

HOLY SHIT! There was Linda on her back in the middle of the living room floor naked. Her legs were spread wide open and Diana was in-between Linda's legs with her face buried in her pussy. She was licking and sucking and although the window was closed, I could hear Linda moaning in ecstasy! I moved slightly so that I could see if anyone else was in the room and on the couch were two more women fondling and kissing each other as they watched Diana pleasuring my wife.

"You little slut" I whispered to myself. 

No wonder you have not fucked me in over a year. I continued to watch as Diana kept after Linda's pussy. The two women on the couch separated slightly and I could then tell that one of them was Vicky, Linda's other friend. I did not recognize the other woman who was with Vicky.

I suddenly noticed movement in the living room and moved to get a better angle on what it was. 

"Son of a bitch" I again whispered. There was a guy in the room. He was also naked and his cock was large and hard. He walked over to Diana and Linda and I heard him say, "You've got her ready now it is my turn."

Diana reluctantly relinquished her spot between Linda's legs and this guy with the big cock got down on his knees between Linda's legs.

This bastard is going to fuck my wife! He leaned over Linda and she quickly wrapped her legs around his waist as he guided his cock toward her pussy. 

He then leaned forward and entered her. Linda moaned and writhed on the floor as this stranger slid his big hard cock into her.

He withdrew and then plunged his full length back into her and she groaned as their groins met.

Diana moved to Linda's chest and sucked a nipple into her mouth while pinching Linda's other nipple. 

Linda screamed, "OOOOHHHH YES FUCK ME!"

What was I hearing? Linda had never used language like that for as long as I had known her. 

She was thrusting back at the cock that was impaling her and biting her lip in an attempt to keep from screaming.

I had not taken my eyes off Linda but decided to see what was happening on the couch with Vicky and her friend.

"Son of a bitch!" There was another guy in the room and he was getting his dick sucked by Vicky and the other woman. They were taking turns swallowing and stroking his cock.

My wife was involved in an orgy and no telling how long this had been going on. I mean the bitch had not fucked me in nearly two years and here she was screaming "Fuck Me" to some stranger that was pumping away at her pussy.

I looked back over to Linda who was writhing on the floor and moaning so loudly that I could hear her through the window. The guy fucking her pulled out and quickly moved to her side while he continued to stroke his cock. Linda quickly sat up and opened her mouth as the guy shot cum onto her face and into her mouth. She used her finger to gather up the cum on her face and then stuck her finger in her mouth and licked it clean. She then sucked the guys deflating cock into her mouth and sucked it clean.

In all our years together, she had never once let me shoot my load near her face and especially not in her mouth. She was acting like a whore! A whore that I have never seen in her before.

I continued to watch through the window as the guy on the couch with Vicky and the other woman was now thrusting into Vicky. Vicky had one hand on the back of the couch and one knee on the cushions. Her other leg was on the floor holding herself up as he fucked her from behind. The other woman was beneath Vicky sucking and licking her large hanging tits the best she could as they were swinging back and forth from the pounding she was taking.

I then nearly went into shock as I saw Linda crawling across the floor and stopped with her face firmly planted between the legs of this other woman.

"Motherfucker" I whispered to myself. Susan was licking and sucking on the pussy of the woman sucking on Vicky's tits.

Diana had to join the party so she laid on her back under Linda and began licking Linda's pussy. The guy who had just been fucking Linda was now hard and was between Diana's legs then guided his cock into her.

It was one big chain of people all fucking or sucking one another.

I had been mesmerized by the whole scene and had not noticed until then that my cock was hard as a rock.

What kind of a sick fuck was I to be watching my wife being fucked by another man and now eating out this woman's pussy and have a hard on?

Worse yet I pulled my hard cock out and was stroking it as I watched the fuck session going on in front of my eyes.

The guy on the couch groaned and pulled out of Vicky and shot his load onto her back and ass. Linda had the woman screaming into her orgasm as she was also pushing down into Diana's face with her pussy.

Diana had wrapped her legs around the other guy's waist and was pulling him into her. Diana was moaning into Linda's pussy, which caused Linda to moan, "OOOHH YESSSS!" as she came on Diana's face.

I shot my load onto the side of the house at about the same time the guy fucking Diana shot his load onto her belly and pussy.

Everyone collapsed on the floor or on the couch. I tucked my cock back into my pants and walked back down the street towards home.

As I walked, I was thinking how to handle this situation when Linda came home. I so badly wanted to confront her with this new revelation.

I went in the house and got ready for bed.

About one hour later nearly one am Linda walked into the bedroom and went straight to the bathroom.

She soon reappeared in her flannel granny gown and crawled into bed. She smelled freshly showered but had not showered when she was in the bathroom.

I asked her, "Where have you been?"

She replied, "We had a small neighborhood meeting at Diana's house tonight and we got caught up talking".

"What was the meeting about?" I asked

She rolled over to me, kissed me, and said, "I'm really tired can we discuss this in the morning?" She then rolled over again facing away from me.

I moved in behind her just to see what would happen. I spooned in behind the little slut, reached around, and grasped one of her tits.

She shrugged her shoulder as to pull my hand from her tit and said, "Not tonight. Go to sleep."

Somehow, I knew that was going to be the response to my advance. I rolled onto my back and so badly wanted to kick her ass out of my bed and out of my house. 

However, my mind kept going back to Amy.

Before falling to sleep I was thinking, "What a fucked up marriage this is".

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The next morning I woke up and could hear Linda on the phone with someone speaking in a low voice. I crawled out of bed and walked quietly to the corner that goes to the kitchen so I could hear what she was saying.

"My gawd Diana he was so hot how could I not keep from screaming?" she giggled into the phone. "I did get a little carried away when I went for Susan's pussy I will have to admit but, that was wonderful also." She whispered.

"Hey Diana I had better go because Jim came home last night and it would not be good for him to hear this conversation. Ok then talk to you later, Bye." And she hung up the phone.

I snuck back down the hall, jumped back into bed, and acted as if I was still asleep. I heard her come down the hall and into the bedroom then into the bathroom. I laid there in bed as I heard the shower turn on.

I decided to push matters a little further. I got out of bed and went into the bathroom. I raised the toilet lid and began to take a piss. She heard me and peeked around the shower curtain, "Can't I have a little privacy?"

I replied, "Why do you need privacy in the shower?"

She huffed and closed the door.

I pulled the door open and stepped in. She was soaping her hair and had her eyes closed and did not know I was there. I stood and admired her naked body. It was a body that in the past I had become very familiar with but recently had forgotten how sexy she really is.

I watched as she rinsed her hair and the suds ran down her large full tits.

She then opened her eyes and saw me standing there. She jumped and screamed not expecting anyone to be there, even me.

She got an angry look on her face, "What the hell are you doing?"

I said, "I simply had forgotten what you look like naked and wanted to see".

She covered her tits but her pussy was still in sight. I noticed that she had shaven her pussy so that there was only a strip of hair above it.

"I like the haircut", as I looked at her pussy.

She quickly tried to cover her tits with one arm and cover her pussy with her other hand.

"Get the fuck out!" she yelled.

"I had a shocked look on my face, "My, my, such language. Where did you pick that up from?"

She turned around facing away from me. I walked up behind her and put one arm around her so that my hand was on her pussy. "Did you get that little haircut and shave just for me?"

She jerked my hand away from her pussy and yelled again, "GET OUT!"

I again reached around her and grabbed her big tits. My cock was getting hard but I have to admit my mind was thinking about my showers with Amy.

She said, "Get your hard cock out of the crack of my ass."

I just kept holding a tit with one hand while the other traced down to her nearly hairless pussy.

She turned around and said, "Alright if I jack you off will you get out?"

I looked up and said, "If you suck me off I will."

She huffed again and bent over to suck my hard cock into her mouth. She was stroking more than she was sucking but it felt good. I soon could feel the cum ready to shoot from my cock and was not going to tell her. My cock grew even harder and she knew it was time and pulled off letting my jism fly into the stream of water and down the drain.

She stood up and said, "Ok, now get out."

I had a hurt look on my face and she inquired, "What now?"

I said, "I thought you might let me shoot my load into your mouth like you let that guy last night."

She looked at me with a deer in the headlights shocked look, "WHAT?"

I just stood there and looked at her with my best do not act innocent look.

She asked, "What the hell are you talking about?"

I just shook my head and said, "I started to come to your little neighborhood "meeting" last night and when I got to the door I saw what looked like a naked woman walk past the window. So, I went around to the side of the house and looked in the window to the living room. I saw you and your friends fucking your brains out."

She looked shocked and replied, "So what now you're a peeping Tom?"

I replied, "And so now you're a slut? You have ignored me and not fucked me for over a year now. Then I come home and find you on your back at the neighbor's house fucking some guy and then watch you eating pussy. YOU ARE A SLUT!"

She screamed, "Get the fuck out of the shower!"

I grabbed her and spun her around. I grabbed the back of her head and pushed her so that she was bent over. My cock was hard talking about her fucking some other guy and reliving watching her.

"I am not getting out of the shower because I'm going to fuck you like the whore you are."

She struggled to stand up but I kept her pushed forward as she screamed "you fucking bastard!"

I replied, "I'm the fucking bastard that is going to fuck his whore wife right now."

I guided my cock toward her pussy and shoved it into her pussy. I sunk to the hilt and mashed my groin into her ass.

She screamed as my cock intruded on her less than ready pussy. I kept my hand on the back of her head as I withdrew and then plunged back in. She was still struggling and screaming profanities at me.

I was plunging in and out as I told her, "You even talk nasty like a whore and I'm going to fill your nasty pussy up with my cum."

She suddenly quit struggling as much, braced herself against the shower wall, and began pushing back at my cock that was now sliding easily in and out of her slick pussy.

She then yelled, "Keep fucking me you prick. HARDER!"

I realized she was getting off on me calling her a slut and a whore and said, "Shut up you whore and fuck me!"

She suddenly reached for her pussy and began to massage her clit. I reached for her hanging tits and pinched her nipples hard enough to hurt.

She screamed, "OH FUCK YESSSSSS! Pinch them harder!"

I pinched them harder between my thumb and index finger then rolled them.

"OHHHHHH FUCK!" she screamed.

I felt the cum boiling in my balls as she shuddered and said, "OOOOHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSS!"

I shot load after load into her pussy.

When we both quit cumming she stood up turned around and kissed me deeply and passionately for the first time in a long time. I kissed her back.

The water was now getting cold so she turned it off and we climbed out of the shower. She was still wet and sat down on the toilet seat. When I reached for a towel, she reached for me. She grabbed my hips and turned me toward her. She reached for my now flaccid cock and sucked it into her mouth. 

I looked down at her and said, "You really are a little slut aren't you?"

She looked up at me with my dick in her mouth and just sucked harder. My cock struggled to come back to life so quickly but she was not going to take no for an answer. She stroked and sucked until I was hard again. She then stood up and led me by the cock into the bedroom where she shoved me onto the bed and straddled me. She quickly spun around, placed her pussy at my face, and sucked my cock into her mouth. We had not done this for many years. She had never really enjoyed oral sex before.

I dove into her pussy like I was starved. Truthfully, I had been starved for her pussy. I loved licking and sucking on my wife's pussy. I licked her clit and she moaned. I ran my tongue along her slit and let in slid into her. She was licking and sucking my dick and balls and it felt wonderful. I had truly forgotten how good she was at it.

I sucked her hard little clit into my mouth and let my tongue flick back and forth across it until she moaned on my cock. I then placed more pressure on her clit, flattened my tongue against it, and licked hard. 

She then nearly swallowed my cock and I was ready to shot again. In the past, I had always let her know when I was ready to shoot my load, "OOOOHHHH FUCK!" I growled.

In the past, she knew this meant I was ready to unload. She just kept sucking, in fact, she quickened her pace, and I jerked and shot into her mouth. When I realized what she was doing, my orgasm kicked into overdrive. I sucked hard on her clit and she too jerked as her orgasm overtook her body. She pressed hard against my face and sat up as she came on my tongue.

After her orgasm subsided, she crawled off me and laid on the bed beside me.

We both laid there on our backs looking at the ceiling breathing heavily neither of us saying a word.

She spoke first, "What now?"

I took a deep breath, "I don't know. What do you want to do?"

She turned on her side looking at me, "I want you to come to our neighborhood meeting next week and give your suggestions."

I rolled onto my side and looked into her eyes, "You want me to join your little "meeting" and watch you fuck and suck other guys?"

She shook her head and said, "Yes. I also want to watch you fuck other women."

I replied, "Let me think about it. I have to go back to Florida tomorrow for two days and I will be back in time for your next meeting Saturday night."

She smiled and said, "Ok, I hope you decide to. I really do love you. It just got boring and I was telling Diane how stale our sex life had become. She is the one that invited me to the meetings. I initially was shocked as I watched but got so horny that I finally gave in and joined in on the fun."

I asked, "How long has this been going on?"

She rolled over onto her back and replied, "Nearly one year."

"Holy shit! One year?" I was shocked.

She did not reply but just kept looking up at the ceiling.

I then asked, "Why have you not fucked me in over a year? Wore out?"

She kept looking at the ceiling, "No. It was just that I had been having the extreme sex with the group and I was afraid that you and I would just have the same old boring sex and it would cause me to want to leave you even though I love you very much. The sex at the meetings is simply that just sex. However, today you have proven me wrong. This morning was fantastic. It was like it once was with us."

I got out of bed and said, "I enjoyed it too."

I pulled my shorts back on as she got out of bed.

She did not get dressed but went back into the kitchen naked. She began to fix us some breakfast still naked. She had never done that in all the years we had been married. I sat down at the table and watched her as she moved around the kitchen.

We sat and ate breakfast with her still naked. I finished then stepped to the sink to wash off my plate and put it in the dishwasher when I felt Linda behind me. She pressed her naked body against me and started to kiss my neck and then down my back. She kissed the cheeks of my ass and then "DAMN" ran her tongue along the crack of my ass. She stood back up and kissed my neck and back again. I could feel her hot breasts and her hard nipples poking me in the back as she jerked my shorts down then reached around and wrapped her hand around my slowly stiffening cock.

She was slowly stroking it up and down the full length. She then spun me around and squatted down to suck my cock into her mouth.

The warmth of her mouth enveloped nearly the entire length as she sucked it into her throat.

I stood there looking down at her as my cock hardened in her mouth. I was thinking that maybe these little meetings of hers had been good for her because she definitely was better at sucking cock than she had been.

She looked up at me with a smile in her eyes and a mouth full of my wet cock sliding in and out. She sucked on my cock until she had me ready to cum. I reached for her and pulled her up to me and kissed her. I grabbed her waist then lifted her onto the counter. I kissed her again and then trailed the kisses down her body stopping at each nipple to suck them for a moment to insure that they were hard. I worked my way to her pussy. She put her legs over my shoulders to completely open herself to me. It was the first time in many years that I had seen Linda's pussy in the daylight. 
