 The next morning Linda was all over me asking if I had called Amy and Maggie yet.

"Come on give them a call before you go to work. I want to know if they are coming or not so I can get some things ready for them."

"Alright all ready I'll call." I responded.

I dialed Amy's number and she picked up after two rings, "Hello Lover Boy."

"Hello Amy how are you?" I responded.

"I'm great but I'm missing you something terrible." She sounded pouty.

I said, "I miss you too. That is why I'm calling. Would you and Maggie like to fly here this weekend?"

"WOW! Are you kidding?" she asked.

"No, dead serious." I responded.

"Hold on she is here I'll ask if she is free." There was a short silence and then, "We'd love to." She said.

"Ok great." I said.

Linda was jumping up and down as was her tits with each jump.

"You know that flight that leaves at two o'clock?"

"Yes."

"I will have tickets there waiting for both of you." I said.

"We will be there with bells on. I can't wait to see you." She joyfully said.

"I will pick you up at the airport at five thirty if that is ok?" I asked.

She was ecstatic, "That is great! I'll see you in a few hours then!"

I responded, "Ok great, Bye."

Linda responded by kissing me and said, "Everything will be great after I explain to them it is ok with me if you fuck them."

I kissed her and said, "I have got to go to work. I will pick them up after I get off and we will be back here about six thirty."

"I can't wait." Linda smiled and replied.

On my way to work, I was not as excited as Linda was. In fact, I was apprehensive about the whole situation. I was not sure how Amy and Maggie would respond. I mean I had told them I was not married. Some women get off on fucking a married man and others consider it taboo.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

The workday went as normal and it was a little before five so I told my secretary I was leaving for the day.

I walked to the car almost quivering from either nervousness, excitement or a combination of both.

I got to the airport a little before five thirty so I parked the car in short term parking and walked to the terminal. I stood outside the security area waiting for the girls.

Suddenly they walked around the corner.

"Damn" I mumbled under my breath.

Amy was wearing a very short mini skirt with a low cut blouse and a pair of high heels that made her long tanned legs look fantastic. 

Maggie was also wearing a short mini skirt with a sheer top on. The bra she had on was the same color as the shirt but you could clearly see it. She was wearing a pair of high-heeled sandals.

They both smiled as they approached me. I kissed both of them.

I then said, "Holy Shit girls you must have been the envy of every woman on the plane and the dream of every guy on the plane."

Maggie smiled, "I think we have had our fair share of lookers today."

"I'm sure you have. Both of you are absolutely HOT!" I said.

We walked to the baggage claim chatting but I was noticing the guys looking the girls over. It is amazing how you can instantly feel like the big man on campus when you are walking with two very hot, sexy women.

I got a close look at Maggie's outfit while waiting for their bags. Her bra was also very low cut and just barely covered her areola. In fact, I was not sure you could not see a hint of them anyway.

Their bags finally arrived and we headed to the car.

I was nervous as a whore in church wondering what was going to happen when we got home. I debated telling them now so it would not be such a huge surprise when they saw Linda. I decided against it or just plan chickened out.

I made the turn onto our street and my palms were now sweating. The girls we chatting and I don't think I heard a word of it all the way to the house. I just did a lot of "Uhuh, Yes, OK, and really."

I pulled into the drive and Amy remarked, "What a beautiful home. I'm envious."

I was wondering what Linda had planned and simply responded, "Thank-You."

I shut the garage door and went to the trunk to retrieve their bags. I opened the door that went into the kitchen and let them walk in first.

Maggie exclaimed, "Wow Jim this is a really nice house!"

Amy bounded to the French doors and said, "Look Maggie a pool! And he has a naked woman floating on a raft in it."

Maggie looked out the window and asked, "Is that Linda from Florida?"

Amy looked closer, "It is Linda."

Maggie turned to me as they started out the door, "You little pervert. Two of us was not enough now you need three?" she smiled and went out the door.

Amy walked to the edge of the pool and said, "Hello stranger."

Linda looked up and grinned, "Hello Ladies."

Maggie asked, "When did you get here?"

Linda crawled off the raft and said, "Oh... I've been here all day."

Maggie added, "Well Ladies it looks like old Jimbo here thinks he can take on three of us at a time."

All three just laughed.

Linda said, "Jump in girls the water feels great."

The sun was getting low in the sky and the last light was filtering through the trees as Amy and Maggie began stripping right there.

Once they were naked, they walked into the pool and sank down to their shoulders. Amy's big tits were trying to float to the top and Maggie's perfect tits held in place.

Amy then looked at me and asked, "Come on in what are you waiting for?"

I don't have to be asked twice with three beautiful, naked women in the pool. I stripped down and got into the water.

The girls chatted for a bit then Linda walked over to me and grabbed my hard cock.

She exclaimed, "Damn girls it seems Jim is excited to see all of us naked."

Amy and Maggie walked over to Linda and me. All three of them were now running their hands over my body. Amy was rubbing my chest and nipples as Maggie was caressing my ass. Linda was still holding my cock.

Amy leaned into me and kissed me passionately right in front of Linda. I was slightly embarrassed. 

Linda then said, "Here Amy hold onto this for a while."

Linda let loose of my cock and Amy wrapped her hand around it. Only Amy began stroking it.

Amy purred, "I just love his cock. Not too big and not too small."

Linda walked behind Amy, reached around her waist, and cupped her tits in her hands. She began massaging her tits and pinching her nipples.

Amy moaned, "Oh that feels good."

Maggie reached around from behind me and began pinching my nipples. I could feel her warm body pressed against mine and I could feel her hard little nips poking me in the back.

Linda leaned into Amy's neck and kissed her neck several times then said, "Go ahead Amy you can fuck him first. It is a thrill doing it in the pool if you never have."

Amy jumped up and wrapped her legs around my waist.

Linda said, "Here let me help."

Linda grabbed my cock and guided it into Amy's pussy. Once the head of my cock entered her, Amy sat down on it. She had her hands locked together behind my neck and was slowly rocking back and forth on my cock.

Linda was still behind Amy and had her hands around her pinching and rolling her nipples.

Linda whispered to Amy, "Don't you just love fucking his big cock?"

Amy moaned, "OHHHH YES!"

Linda purred in her ear, "Mmmmmmm so do I."

Maggie was still pinching and massaging my nipples and chest as Amy was riding my cock. The water in the pool was sloshing around from Amy's gradually increasing tempo on my cock.

Maggie moved her hands and slid them down my back to my ass. She then reached between my legs and grabbed my balls. She squeezed them then she ran her finger between my ass cheeks. When her finger grazed across my rectum, I moaned.

She leaned into my ear again and asked, "So, you liked that huh?"

She then traced her finger across it again and I could feel the cum burning in my balls. I reactively moaned again.

This time she slid her finger to my rectum and made small circular massages on it.

Linda was rolling and pinching Amy's nipples and kissing her neck and shoulders while she rode my cock. 

Amy was now pumping up and down rapidly and she moaned, "OOHHH YESSS!"

I felt her pussy tighten around my cock and she then clutched my neck tightly as she came on my cock. At the same time, Maggie applied pressure to my rectum and I shot my load into Amy's pussy with a loud groan. My knees gave way and Amy and I both tumbled into the water.

When I came up out of the water and looked over at Linda and Maggie, they were in a deep, passionate kiss. 

Amy came up out of the water and saw what was going on and said, "Woohoo, you go girls!"

Their hands were all over each other's bodies as they kissed. Linda broke the kiss, took Maggie by the hand, and walked toward the stairs. Linda led Maggie to one of the loungers and sat her down on it. Linda got on her knees at the end of the chair and began kissing Maggie's thighs. She slowly moved up and Maggie laid back in the lounger. Linda then kissed Maggie's pussy and let her tongue tickle her pussy lips.

Maggie had her eyes closed as Linda let her tongue slid further into her slit.

Maggie moaned, "mmmmmmm." As Linda's tongue hit her clit.

Amy and I stood in the water at the pool's edge as we watched the intensely erotic show going on just four feet away.

I moved behind Amy and reached around to cup her full floating tits in my hands. I was slowly drawing circles around her hard nips.

Maggie reached down and grabbed Linda by the back of her head and said, "Oh yes right there."

Linda was rocking her head back and forth on Maggie's clit.

Maggie was slightly thrusting her hips at Linda's face and said, "Yes Linda make me cum. I need to cum."

Linda's ass and pussy was pointing in Amy and my direction. 

Amy said, "She has a beautiful ass doesn't she."

I replied, "Yes she does."

My cock was beginning to get hard again and was now rising up to tickle Amy between her ass cheeks.

Amy reached back and wrapped her hand around my cock. I let my hand slid down her smooth belly to her very smooth pussy. We stood there massaging each other's sexes while watching my wife eat the pussy of a very beautiful woman.

It was beginning to get dark now as the light from the pool reflected a romantic glow across the two women.

Maggie moaned, "OHHHHH YESSSS!"

Her body jerked as the orgasm racked her entire body with wave after wave of pleasure. She had Linda's head held tightly between her thighs.

Amy at nearly the same time jerked and moaned as I kept tickling her clit with my fingers. She released my cock and grabbed the side of the pool as she came again.

Linda got off her knees and laid down on the lounger next to Maggie. Amy and I got out of the water, went to the other two loungers, and laid back on them.

Maggie finally regaining her composure said, "Damn Linda that was absolutely wonderful."

Linda looked at me winked and nodded like go ahead.

I sat up in the lounger and said, "Amy, Maggie, I have something to confess and I hope you don't get mad. When I first met you in Florida I told you I wasn't married."

They both perked up and listened.

I went on, "I am married. Linda is my wife."

Amy and Maggie looked at each other as if they were in shock.

Amy replied, "What?"

I went on, "Linda and I have had a terrible sex life for the last few years, and I think we had just got bored with the same old routine. We were probably on the way to splitting up and maybe divorce because of it. I was looking for something new and exciting and so was she. I came home from Florida one night to find out that she was at a meeting down the street. It turns out the meeting was actually an orgy at a friend's house. I watched through the window to see her having sex with other men and women. At first I was in complete shock and somewhat mad because she had not had sex with me in a long time. We talked and found out we both had the same issues with our sex life. At this time, we had already had sex in Florida and it was so good I did not want to give you up. Linda also wanted to meet you so we hatched the plan from last week so she could meet you. She ended up liking both of you and that is why we invited you here. So she could get to know you better and so we could come clean."

Maggie shook her head and asked, "So you two have decided to fuck around?"

Linda finally spoke, "Amy and Maggie I don't mind if he fucks around as long as he comes home and "makes love to me.""

She then added, "Jim and I love each other and probably more now than in a long time. Love is one thing and fucking is another. I hope that neither one of you gets mad and that you will stay for the weekend. I really want to know you better. We also have another "meeting" tomorrow night and would like for both of you to go."

Amy finally closed her mouth and said, "I have to confess, I was beginning to have stronger feelings for Jim than just "fucking." How do you feel about that Linda?"

Linda replied, "If that is the case then we have a problem. I love Jim and I believe her loves me. We have been married for fifteen years and I don't think at this point we are willing to throw that away. I will let Jim speak for himself."

"Amy I like you and Maggie very much but love does not enter into the equation for me. I love Linda."

Amy then asked, "So you just want to come to Florida every so often and fuck Maggie and me? And Linda you are ok with that?"

Linda said, "Yes."

Linda then added, "Ladies I have the meetings every Saturday night. I also fuck the pool guy and the gardener. Jim knows about these and in fact hired the pool guy so he could sneak home once in awhile to watch from the kitchen window."

Maggie shocked, "He hired someone to fuck you?"

I had to jump in, "I think Linda is beautiful and I like watching her fuck. I know that sounds weird or sick and perverted but it is the truth."

Amy then asked, "Jim and Linda can Maggie and I have a moment to talk alone?"

Linda replied, "Sure, come on Jim and let's give them some time."

Linda and I got up, walked into the house, and shut the door.

Linda asked, "What do you think?"

I replied, "I don't know for sure."

We waited silently naked in the kitchen when suddenly the naked Maggie and Amy walked in.

Amy said, "Ok, we will give it a try and we would like to go to your meeting tomorrow night,"

Linda smiled and said, "Great!"

She walked over to Amy and Maggie and gave each of them a hug. 

"How about some dinner?" Linda then asked.

Maggie jumped in, "That would be great I'm starved."

Linda looked at me and asked, "Would you fire up the grill? I think we will have steaks tonight."

None of us bothered putting on clothes. It just seemed unnecessary; after all, we have all seen each other's most intimate parts up close.

I stepped out onto the patio and started the grill while Linda prepared the salad and condiments. Amy helped in the kitchen while Maggie came out to the patio.

Maggie asked me, "Did you know that Amy was falling in love with you?"

I looked at Maggie, "I sort of had the feeling that she was. That's why it is best that this comes out now before it went too far and she got hurt."

"If you and Linda had not found this new lifestyle would you have been more serious about Amy?" Maggie asked.

"I like Amy a lot. I also like you a lot. However, to say that I would have fallen for Amy and wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, No." I answered.

"So Amy and I have been just a casual other side of the tracks fuck for you?" She asked with a little hostility.

"Maggie, it does not matter what side of the tracks your on. I did not know if Amy lived in a trailer or a mansion when I met her in the bar. As far as a casual fuck, yes." I responded.

"At least you're honest about it." She huffed.

I asked Maggie, "I'm sensing some hostility in your voice. Am I wrong?"

She looked me square in the eyes, "No you're not wrong. I care for Amy, she is my best friend, and I don't want to see her hurt."

I asked, "Is she hurt?"

"Yes!" she answered.

"Why then are you guys staying?" I asked.

"Because if she can only have you part time then she has decided she will have to live with that." She answered.

Amy and Linda walked out the door with the steaks and four cold beers.

Linda walked up behind me and sat my beer on the side grill table then wrapped her cold hand around my cock and balls. 

I jumped at the sensation and said, "Damn that's cold!"

The girls laughed as she handed me the plate of steaks. Everyone sat down by the grill and began chatting.

Soon after the back gate opened and Diane walked into the backyard.

Diane exclaimed, "Holy shit! Am I interrupting something? Moreover, an even better question is why was I not invited to the party?

Linda laughed and made the proper introductions.

Linda then asked, "Diane won't you join us for dinner?"

Diane replied, "Sure why not it seems like a friendly crowd and a liberal crowd."

Everyone laughed as that was truly obvious since we were all naked.

Diane started stripping right there, "I figure I might as well get into the theme of the party which appears to be naked."

I had to turn and watch as the beautiful body of Diane's was revealed one part at a time. When she was down to her g-string panties she said, "Jim this one is for you."

I watched as she turned away from me, hitched her thumbs under the waistband, and pulled them down. When her panties hit her knees, she bent over and pulled them to her ankles. Her exquisite ass and delectable pussy were staring me straight on. She kicked her panties off and turned to face me again.

"Wow! Thanks." Was all I could mutter.

Linda went back into the house and came back out with five more beers.

"Steaks are done." I announced.

"Maggie said, "About damn time I'm starved."

Everyone walked inside in front of me and I was holding the plate of steaks looking at the four beautiful naked asses walking through the door in front of me. 

I looked to the sky and silently mouthed, "Thank-You."

Everyone prepared their steaks and then went back outside to the patio table. We all carried on casual dinner conversation as if we were in a restaurant fully clothed.

Amy said, "Great steaks Jim."

"Thank-You." I replied.

Once everyone was done eating Linda and the girls cleared the dishes and cleaned up the kitchen. 

We all sat and had another beer when Diane said, "I think I will go for a swim."

Maggie and Amy also got up and headed for the pool. 

Linda looked at me and asked, "Are you up for a swim?"

I looked at my cock and answered, "Not yet but I'm sure it won't take long."

She slapped me on the arm smiling and held out her hand. I took it and we walked to the pool. The girls were already in and splashing around. 

Once Linda and I hit the water she turned to me and kissed me long and passionately. My cock was beginning to plump up. All the girls came over and gathered around. When Linda and I broke the kiss I looked around.

Diane asked, "What's the matter Jim you look a little intimidated?"

I swallowed hard and replied, "I am but, I was also wondering what I had done to deserve having four beautiful naked women all to myself."

The girls laughed then moved in. There were hands on every part of my body and naked women rubbing against me.

Maggie said, "I have a game we can play. Let's take turns sucking Jim's cock under water. Suck as long as you can with one breath and then switch to the next girl. We keep sucking him until one of us has him cum in our mouth."

Amy replied, "I'm game." 

She took a breath and disappeared under water. I felt her grab my cock and then the contrasting cool of the water was replaced by the warmth of her mouth. Her tongue was dancing around on my cock and sliding up and down the shaft for about thirty seconds when suddenly the cool of the water took over and Amy came up gasping for air.
