 Finally, my flight landed and fortunately I had a seat close to the door. I did not have any baggage to claim so I headed straight to my car. I got in the car and looked at my watch. It was eight fifty pm. 

"Damn" I mumbled to myself.

Linda was already at the party and although she said she was going to slow it down until I got there visions of her pussy being split open with a stranger's cock kept racing through my mind. I drove home as quickly as possible and arrived there at nine thirty five pm.

When I walked into the house, there was that familiar note:

Hello Sweetheart,

I will be waiting for you at Diane's house. Bring your big dick and be ready for some fun.

Love,

Linda

XXXX

I decided I needed to shower quickly before going down there to wash of any funk from the day. It was going to be my first orgy and I thought it would only be polite to show up showered and clean.

I made it quick and washed off all essential parts then got out. I slid on a pair of shorts and a polo shirt with some sandals and headed back to the car. It was only three blocks but I was already late.

I parked out along the curb and started up the walk of the house. I then suddenly decided to avert my direction and headed to the side window to look and see if the party was actually waiting on me. I was two hours late to the "meeting" and figured that it would be a long shot if everyone was sitting around waiting for me.

As I peeked in the window, my inclination was right. I saw Linda sitting on a chair with a man under her skirt apparently licking her pussy. Linda had her head thrown back enjoying the attention. She looked beautiful in her very low cut sundress. As the man under her skirt would hit the right spot, she would jerk and her big unfettered tits would bounce. Her nipples were trying to poke holes into the top of her dress.

Apparently, the meeting had just got under way because most everyone in the room was still mostly to partially dressed. There was Diane, Vicky, Susan and two men I did not know. One of the guys was the one from last week with the big cock I had seen fucking Linda. The third guy I could not tell if I knew him or not since his head was under Linda's skirt.

I took a deep breath and headed to the front door. I rang the bell and waited.

Soon Diane cracked open the door to see who was there. "Oh hi Jim. Come on in!" she gleefully said.

She opened the door wide and I stepped in. As I rounded the corner to the living room, Linda looked up and saw me. She smiled at me but immediately threw her head back and moaned, "OOOHHH FUCK!" as her body jerked into an orgasm.

When her orgasm subsided the guy under her skirt came out. I recognized him even with my wife's juices smeared all over his face as our next-door neighbor Chance.

He had a slightly embarrassed look on his face as Linda stood up and walked over to me.

She gave me a hug and a kiss then said, "Hey everyone I want you to meet my husband Jim."

Then she made introductions, "Jim this is Randy from our street at 2456" He simply nodded as Vicky was sucking his cock.

Linda went on, "You know Diane, Vicky, and Susan. You also know Chance."

She then pointed to the guy with the big cock and said, "That is Stan, and he lives on the block over from us at 2138."

Stan walked over and shook my hand. It was the first time that I had known of that I ever shook the hand of a man who had fucked my wife.

Linda then asked me, "Would you like something to drink?"

I replied, "Yes please. I had several waiting for the plane and several on the plane but I think I need another."

She leaned into my ear and whispered, "Remember it is only fucking, not love making."

She then sashayed to the bar and poured us both a drink.

When she handed me my drink she said, "I slowed it down as much as possible but two hours is along time to keep these libidos in check."

We stood and watched as Vicky swallowed Randy's load.

Diane had moved in on Stan, had his big cock pulled out, and was now doing her best to wrap her mouth around just the head of it.

Chance had moved on to Susan and was now buried face first into her pussy.

Linda whispered, "Chance likes to eat pussy. He sometimes does nothing more all night other than that."

I had quickly downed my drink and Linda set her drink down.

She stood in front of me and kissed me as she reached between us and began rubbing my dick through my shorts. 

My cock quickly became hard as a rock and she purred in my ear, "Looks like you might like to play a little."

She then stopped rubbing and reached behind her neck to untie her sundress. When she let loose, the dress top fell to her waist and her big full tits were now rubbing against my chest.

There was something very strange about standing in a room full of neighbors and strangers with your wife's tits hanging out as she rubbed your hard cock. It was rather surreal.

Linda then said, "Let's get the party started." 

She then slid down to a squatting position and unzipped my fly. I had not worn underwear so she slipped her hand in and pulled my cock out into the cool air. The cool air soon dissipated as my cock was wrapped in the warmth of her mouth. I watched her as she bobbed up and down on my hard cock. She was using her hand to stroke and twist it as she sucked.

I looked in the room and Diane had stripped naked. I had always wondered what she might look like naked and to say the least I was not disappointed. Diane had long legs and an ass that was firm and tight. Her tits were just about a handful with tiny pink areola and hard little nipples protruding from them. She was bent over the arm of the couch and Randy who was also now naked was letting his cock slid in and out of her wet pussy. She was moaning with each thrust.

Vicky was now with Stan and had both hands wrapped around his big dick. Her lips were stretched wide as she was doing her best to pull his monster into her mouth.

Susan was writhing in orgasm with Chance still face down in her pussy.

I looked back at Linda who was looking up at me and winked at me.

Susan got Chance from between her legs and stood up. She peeled off her short skirt and unbuttoned her blouse. When her tits came into view they were very large and time had not been as kind to her. She had a droop to them but her nipples were still pointing out and they were puckered from excitement. She was wearing no underwear.

Susan came over to where Linda was sucking my cock and said, "Hey girl don't hog this beautiful cock all to yourself."

Linda stood up and whispered in my ear, "It's just sex and nothing more. Are you OK?"

I nodded yes and she said, "Susan he is all yours but be gentle with him. Remember he is new to this."

Little did she know that the night before I had fucked two women and spent the night with them.

Susan grabbed my hand and walked me to a chair. She pushed me into the chair then took of my sandals and then grabbed my waistband and pulled my shorts off and threw them into the corner.

She smiled at me, "You won't need those tonight."

She got between my legs, wrapped her hand around my cock, and moaned, "Mmmmmmmmm."

I then felt my cock enter her warm silky mouth.

Susan's large hanging tits were resting against my thighs as she bobbed up and down on my cock. Her face was beautiful and she had mesmerizing blue eyes that she kept glancing up at me with.

I looked over to Linda was again sitting in a chair and watching me get my cock sucked. She had stripped naked and Chance was again munching and licking away on her smooth pussy.

Stan soon moaned and his body jerked as he shot his first load of the night into Diane's mouth. She could not hold all of it as his cum ran out the corners of her mouth and dripped onto her tits.

Randy was still pounding away at Vicky's pussy. Vicky was now playing with her clit and massaging her pussy to intensify the orgasm it appeared she was ready to have. 

She stopped fingering her pussy, bent all the way over onto the couch, and moaned, "OOOHHH FUCK YESSSSSS!"

Her body jerked and squirmed on Randy's cock as his knees buckled he pulled out and shot his load onto her back and ass.

Linda was squirming and moaned as she came on Chance's face for the second time tonight. She stood up and grabbed Chance by the arm. She turned him toward the chair then shoved him back on it. She then got between his legs and unzipped his fly. She reached in and pulled his cock from his pants. Chance was not well endowed which was probably why he usually only ate pussy when here. He had and embarrassed look on his face as Linda pulled his hard cock into the room. His dick was probably only four inches long while hard.

Linda sucked the whole thing into her mouth and even had part of his balls wrapped around her lips.

Linda then pulled off his cock and said, "Chance you give all of the girls such great pleasure with your tongue it is only fair that you get some pleasure too." She then sucked him back into her mouth.

No sooner than she stroked him once or twice, he shot his load into her mouth. Linda stayed and sucked his cock clean and when she stood up his dick was limp and had retreated inside his fly.

I looked down at Susan who pulled off my cock and stood up. She straddled me on the chair and grabbed my cock to guide it into her pussy. 

She sat down on me and groaned, "AAAAHHHHH."

I looked to Linda who was watching and she smiled at me.

Stan went to where Linda was standing and lowered her naked body to the floor right in front of Susan and me. His huge cock was again hard and bounding around in front of him. After he laid Linda down, he straddled her in a sixty-nine position. His huge cock was hitting Linda in the face as he lowered his face to her pussy. Linda reached up, grabbed the huge piece of meat, and opened her mouth.

She had to open wide and I saw the bulbous head part her lips and enter her mouth.

Diane was now with Randy who had her on the floor. Her legs were wrapped around him as he was pumping his cock in and out of her pussy.

Vicky was now with Chance, he was doing what he apparently is best at, and that is eating pussy.

It appeared that he was very good at it because all of the women always appeared to enjoy and orgasm at his efforts.

I turned my attention back to Susan who continued to bob up and down on my cock then she leaned into me and her large heavy tits were in my face. She slowed her pace slightly to grind into my crotch and to rub her tits all over my face. 

She whispered in my ear, "Come on big boy I want you to cum in my pussy."

Being that I had unloaded my cum four times not too many hours ago with Amy and Maggie my staying power was incredible.

I whispered back to her, "Lean back so I can finger your clit and you can cum on my cock."

I hoped two things, one being that I would be able to see what Linda was doing, and two, get her to cum and get her big saggy tits out of my face.

I heard Linda moan, "OOOHHHHH STAN! FUCK ME!"

I reached for Susan's tits and pushed her back in time to see Stan's big cock penetrating my wife's pussy.

Susan leaned back and rested her hands on my knees so I let my hand slid to her pussy and let my thumb massage her swollen clit. Her pussy was so wet it was nearly juicy as my thumb easily slid around on her clit.

Linda had wrapped her legs around Stan's waist and was now pulling herself onto his cock. Her large tits were heaving back and forth on her chest with each stroke and her nipples were so hard they were puckered.

It was an intensely erotic scene to watch but also a very hard scene to be watching. After all, it was my wife who was grunting, groaning, and fucking this big cock with wild abandon.

I looked at Vicky as I heard her say, "OH HELL YES!"

Chance had another oral orgasm to add to his belt.

Diane was still fucking Randy but now they were on the floor with her on all fours pushing back into him. She was grunting like a wild animal as they fucked.

I had continued to massage Susan's clit while scoping out the room and she suddenly moaned, "AHHHHHHHH!" as she rolled into an orgasm.

She again leaned into me squeezing my neck and rubbing her big tits in my face. She released so hard I could feel her juices running down my balls.

She stayed leaning into me breathing heavily in my ear as I could feel her pussy still contracting on my cock.

I heard Linda again moan, "Oh fuck."

I knew she was ready to cum and I wanted to see it.

I started to stand up so that Susan would get off my lap. Susan stood up just as Linda rolled her head back and nearly screamed, "OHHHH GAWD!"

Stan was not ready yet and just kept pounding into her as she came on his cock.

Vicky walked over to me and looked at Susan, "Are you finished with him so I can have a go at his big cock?"

Susan responded, "He is all yours. I rode him hard and could not get him to unload so you can try,"

Vicky held out her hand and I reached to her as she pulled me from the chair. Once up she unbuttoned my shirt, pulled it off, and threw it in another corner of the room. I was now completely naked standing just above where my wife was writhing in orgasm.

Vicky laid on the floor just at Linda's head and motioned for me to join her using her index finger. Her legs were spread wide open as I looked down on her swollen pussy. Her clit was extended and visible. I had never seen a clit so large. It was like a small cock protruding from her pussy lips. 

I got on the floor between her legs and guided my cock to her wet entrance. I let my cock part her lips and then sunk into her pussy. She was so wet that I could here my cock sliding through her juices.

This position gave me a great view of looking down Linda's body and to the cock that was covered in her juices splitting her lips wide open.

Vicky wrapped her legs around my waist and was pulling at my body on each inward stroke to drive me deeper into her. Vicky's pussy was much tighter than Susan's was and I knew right away that she was going to make me cum.

I heard Linda moan again, "OOOHHHHHH FUCK!" as her head rolled back.

She opened her eyes and saw me fucking Vicky, and then she grinned with a gazed animal lust look in her eyes.

Her body jerked as she again lubricated Stan's cock with her juices. This time Stan moaned and pulled his cock from Linda's pussy. Linda was thrusting her pussy into the air missing the cock that had been filling it. Stan grabbed his cock and stroked it as few times as I watched his cum rocket from the end of his cock and splatter onto my wife's stomach and trail off spraying her pussy.

I leaned forward and sucked Vicky's very hard nipples into my mouth.

I heard Randy groan as he pulled out of Diane's pussy and shot his load onto her back.

Stan got up from between Linda's legs and very quickly, Susan jumped in and buried her face into Linda's sensitive pussy. 

Susan looked up at Linda and said, "I love the taste of Stan's cum. I'll clean you up."

Susan moved up to Linda's stomach and began licking the cum from her. She licked and cleaned then moved back to her pussy for the rest of it.

The sight of Susan licking the cum off Linda was more than I could take. I felt the cum rising in my balls as they constricted against my body.

Vicky could feel it too and said, "OOOOHHH FUCK YESSS CUM WITH ME!"

I released load after load into Vicky's pussy as she writhed beneath me.

My deflating cock slid from her wet pussy and I rolled from between her legs.

Linda sat up and said to Susan, "Follow me dear."

Linda rolled over, crawled between Vicky's legs, and ran her tongue along her cum soaked slit. She left her ass pointing into the air and Susan got on her knees and buried her face between Linda's ass cheeks. Susan was licking Linda's pussy and tiny puckered ass.

Linda looked at me and said, "I love the taste of your cum."

She then went back to licking it from Vicky's pussy.

As I was lying there watching my wife lick my cum from a pussy I had just deposited it in I was distracted by a leg blocking my view.

I looked up into a beautiful tight-lipped hairless pussy. Peering at me from above it was Diane.

She looked at me and asked, "How about a little pussy sailor?"

She did not wait for my reply but instead lowered herself onto my face. She was facing away from me so it put her face at my cock in a sixty-nine position.

Although she did not give me time to answer, my cock jumped at the chance to sink into any hole this woman wanted.

My cock quickly got hard because she is the one woman there other than my wife that I really wanted to fuck. I felt her lips wrap around my cock and then felt it slid down her throat. 

I moaned, "Ooohhhhh hell." Into her pussy.

I let my tongue slid along her slit and tasted the sweet nectar that it was emitting.

Diane was bobbing up and down on my cock making sucking noises she was attacking it so fiercely. I was full faced into her pussy and loving every minute of it.

Linda was moaning as Susan continued to lick her pussy and ass.

I saw Stan getting in line behind Susan. Susan groaned as Stan sunk his big hard cock into her pussy.

Susan's loud moan sent vibrations through Linda's pussy and she groaned, "AAAUUGH!"

Diane stopped sucking my dick and twirled around to straddle my groin, "I'm going to fuck your big cock now!"

She lowered her body and guided my cock to her pussy. I felt the incredible tightness of her velvety smooth pussy envelope my cock as she sat fully down on it with a moan escaping her luscious red lips.

Randy was now at Vicky's head and she was sucking his cock as Linda continued to suck and lick her pussy.

Diane began riding up and down on my cock with her perfect tits bounding up and down with each movement. I reached for those exquisite globes of flesh and filled my hands full of them.

About that time, Chance appeared and he had his small hard cock out and was at Diane's face.

Diane slowed her up and down to take Chance in her mouth.

Now everyone in the room was being licked, sucked, or fucked at the same time.

Randy groaned first as he shot his load into Vicky's mouth and Vicky was close behind as Linda had her yelling obscenities and cumming on Linda's face.

Chance did not last long again and I saw his knees buckle as he shot his load into Diane's mouth. Diane resumed her hard riding of my cock and I put my thumb on her clit and began massaging it.

Stan groaned and I looked in his direction as his face scrunched up, he pulled out of Susan and shot his load onto her ass and lower back.

Linda got out from between Vicky's legs and stood over my head. She was facing Diane as she lowered her pussy onto my face. She sat on my face and her pussy was sopping wet from all of the sucking and fucking she had done tonight.

My face was soon saturated with her juices and I licked all of them from her. 

Diane moaned, "OOOHHH YES LINDA FINGER MY PUSSY!"

I was assuming that Linda had taken over my spot at fingering Diane's clit.

Diane nearly screamed, "OOHHH FUCK YES!"

I felt her pussy contract like a vise on my cock. I could hold out no longer as the cum raced up the shaft of my cock and unloaded into Diane's tight pussy. My moaning set Linda off and she ground her pussy into my face as she came.

Diane sat on my deflating cock until her orgasm subsided. She and Linda climbed off my body at the same time.

I laid there on the floor recuperating and noticed that everyone had moved to a small table where Diane had set up some drinks and snacks.

Linda stood over me and asked, "Are you alright?"

I just nodded my head and replied, "Oh yah!"

She just smiled at me and said, "You better get something to eat and drink. Round two will be coming up shortly."
