 "I want to have a threesome with you and another guy."

Dylan wasn't sure when she decided to share this with Jason, but she knew that now was the time. A wave of relief washed through her, followed by the crashing of an even larger wave of anxiety. 

She wanted to say a thousand things to dilute the moment, but she didn't dare say more without Jason's first reaction. Dylan had to wait for that since Jason was on the other end of the phone on the other side of the country. She couldn't see his face or his body.

Jason's initial reaction was a silence that felt ten times longer to Dylan than it really was. Dylan's first instinct was to apologize and dismiss her comment as a bad idea. 

But her second instinct was to trust her relationship with Jason. It was strong. It was safe to share feelings, ideas, and desires – safe under all circumstances. 

Dylan's trust in the relationship paid off. After what seemed like minutes, but was no more than 30-seconds, Jason responded with the simple statement, "Tell me more."

The anxiety waned and Dylan took a deep breath. She had mentally rehearsed many times what she was about to say next. She had even said it out loud a few times in the shower just to make sure the words were hers.

"I liked our threesome with Claire," Dylan said. "I liked it even more than I thought I would. I would like to spend time with her again. And it got me to thinking about whether I'd want to be with two guys."

Jason spoke up, "You had never fantasized about it before then? Or even thought about it?" 

"Actually," Dylan replied. "I have not. At least not in the way you think. You see, years ago, just before I turned nineteen, I had a very brief experience with two boys at once and it didn't go well at all."

Jason let out a "whoa" that interrupted Dylan. A period of silence ensued before she spoke again.

"Do you still love me?" 

"More than ever," Jason replied. "This can't be easy to talk about."

"Well, it's not and I'm not going into details," Dylan answered. "There was nothing bad or dangerous about it. It was more awkward and clumsy and stupid, to be honest with you. We were all too young. But I came away from it knowing that I'm not interested in playing the slutty whore."

Jason jumped in, "You want caring, sexual attention from two guys. The same way two girls are expected to please the man in a threesome?" It was more a statement than a question.

"Exactly," said Dylan. "I keep thinking about how much pleasure you had when Claire and I were both taking care of you. I know I enjoyed being part of giving you that. I'm asking you to return the favor."

This time there was no silence. Jason felt he owed Dylan and responded quickly, "I'm in."

All of this transpired over the phone because Dylan and Jason had mismanaged their client calendar and double booked their time this particular week. Jason was on the East Coast helping one client. Dylan was on the West Coast helping another with a 10-day project. Jason took the shorter gig and was heading west the next day to help Dylan finish her job.

Jason continued, "So when and how does this happen?" 

Dylan explained that she met a guy at the hotel bar and had seen him there a few nights in a row. He was in town for a real estate convention. Clean cut guy. No wedding ring. He was friendly, not flirtatious, but clearly happy to spend time chatting with her each evening. 

He didn't hit on her and seemed genuinely interested to hear how Dylan and Jason were both work and life partners.

Still, Dylan had the sense that he might welcome an advance from her. Maybe not for a guy-guy-girl threesome, but she told Jason that was a risk she was willing to take. He seemed like he could respect her wishes for the encounter.

Dylan finished and waited again for a response from Jason. She realized that she had given him a whole lot to process in a short period. But time was short. Dylan wanted the threesome the next night, when Jason arrived and before the real estate convention closed. It wasn't that she was in a hurry to fulfill this relatively new desire; it was that it all seemed so possible right now and an opportunity such as this one might not present itself again for some time.

"Well, you seem to have a pretty good overall plan baby," Jason said. "Now it's down to the details."

"I'll take care of those tonight," she said. "I'm sure I'll see him at the bar."

"What's his name?" Jason asked.

"Mike."

"Well, good luck with the planning and tell Mike I look forward to meeting him."

Jason sounded sincere and Dylan was relieved that he didn't ask if she had already had sex with the guy. She hadn't. She wouldn't. And it made her feel good that Jason didn't feel the need to ask.

-----

Dylan and Jason had dinner together before meeting Mike at the hotel bar. Jason had arrived early enough to work out and shower at the hotel gym. He was dressed pretty casually in jeans and a button down shirt with an open collar. 

Dylan was dressed as though she was coming from work, but she looked crisp and smelled fresh. Jason could tell she had spent time nicing herself up. She was wearing her favorite black dress for presenting to groups. The dress fit snuggly up top but had some nice flow below her waist. The neckline was low but not racy. It was cut wide on the shoulders with shortish sleeves. She was wearing Jason's favorite red bra underneath with the straps showing on her shoulders. It was professional but sexy.

The initial dinner conversation focused on work items as the couple tried but failed to act as though this was just another night. Dylan was radiating so much nervous energy that Jason finally asked her about the plan.

She started by describing Mike. He was six-two, fit but not buff, and had sandy brown hair. She walked Jason through her meeting with Mike the night before. She and Mike had covered all the difficult topics and both of them were comfortable the sex would be safe. Mike agreed to respect her wishes throughout the night. And he kept hinting that he was big.

Jason laughed at that last part. 

"For your sake," he told Dylan. "I hope he is under promising and over delivers."

Dylan's eyes got real big.

"What?" Jason asked.

Then he heard a voice from behind him.

"I will over deliver."

That was Jason's introduction to Mike. Dylan cracked up laughing. Jason flushed red. Mike stuck out his hand, introduced himself and called the bartender over to all three of them a round of drinks.

They had a fun night with both Jason and Mike giving Dylan more and more physical attention as it got later. A hand on her shoulder here. A squeeze of her calf there. The touching and rubbing had its desired effect, causing Dylan to get hornier and her imagination to go into overdrive.

The bartender was great mixologist. Instead of taking drink orders, he would ask each member of the group about their favorite spirits and flavors and then invent something on the spot. Most of the drinks were original creations and many drinks were consumed.

Dylan wanted to make sure the boys weren't too drunk, or in Jason's case, too tired, to please her so she called for the tab a little before 11pm. She signed it off to the room with a generous tip and herded Jason and Mike out of the bar towards the elevator. 

Once inside the elevator, Dylan positioned herself between the two guys. She first wrapped her left arm around Jason's waist, pulled him close, and gave him a deep, passionate kiss. As the kiss broke off, Dylan pivoted to her right, slipped her right arm around Mike's waist, and pulled him next to her. She had a big smile in her eyes.

"It's your turn," Dylan said as she released her hold on Jason.

Mike stepped a little closer and closed his eyes as his lips met Dylan's. Just before they touched, Dylan felt the warmth of Mike's breath. It sent a wave of lust through her body and she could feel the dampness begin to build between her legs. She pulled Mike closer, parted her lips slightly, and received the kiss. 

Mike was feeling the lust too and forcefully pressed his lips against Dylan's. She backed away ever so slightly, just enough to separate for a moment and speak. Her left hand came up to brush Mike's cheek.

"Not so hard, not so fast," Dylan whispered. 

"Romance me with your kisses first." 

"I'm sorry," Mike replied in a startled voice. "I was taking my cues from how you kissed Jason." 

Dylan laughed and said, "He's earned it. But don't worry, you treat me like a queen tonight and you'll get plenty of rewards."

She put her hand around his neck and brought her face closer. Mike gave her a gentle kiss and then another. Dylan pressed up against his body and Mike slid his right hand along her waist line and down to her ass. 

Jason watched all of this with mixed feelings. Jealousy and regret were not among them. He was getting horny but he was also somewhat bemused. As always, Dylan knew exactly what she wanted and how to get it. She didn't want to be the slutty whore but she did want to be sexually doted on by two guys in ways that turned her on. She just established that with Mike. And it made Jason feel pretty good that she gave him that deep passionate kiss first. It was her way of reassuring him about their relationship as they entered this uncharted territory. 

The elevator doors opened and Jason started to step out. Dylan and Mike were unaware they were at their floor. Jason spoke up. 

"Hey folks. Let's head to the room."

Once there, Jason fumbled for his room key at the door. An elderly female guest passed them in the hallway as they waited. Dylan decided that was the moment to remind the boys of the ground rules. 

"Guys, let's have some fun. We're having a threesome okay? You don't have to wait for me to make all the decisions. All I ask is that you treat me good. Treat me with respect. Make my fantasies come true and I'll do the same for you." 

She glanced back over her shoulder expecting a look of shock on the passerby but instead got a smile and a wink. It was a non-verbal "you go girl" that made Dylan even more excited than if she had elicited her intended response.

The door clicked open. Jason looked up and smiled.

"We can make her fantasies come true, can't we Mike?"

Mike replied, "Oh yeah."

Dylan went in first. Mike paused on his way in and asked Jason in a whisper if he was still okay with this. Jason appreciated the gesture. 

"It's all cool," he whispered back. "Enjoy the evening."

Truth be told, Jason was still reassuring himself it would all be cool. He knew he owed this to Dylan after their evening with Claire. And the thought of Dylan having recreational sex in a threesome with another guy wasn't really bothering him. Jason knew she was deeply in love with him and that fulfilling fantasies, within reason, was part of their commitment to each other. No, Jason's issue at the moment was the idea of hanging around with another guy naked and sporting hard-ons. He was going to have to get used it if Dylan was going to have the night she wanted to have.

The hotel room door closed behind Jason. Dylan had already kicked off her shoes and taken a seat on the edge of the bed. She asked Mike to uncork a bottle of wine she bought for the occasion. He went to work on that and Dylan waved Jason over by the bed. 

"Here's want I want," Dylan stated. "I want both of you in shirts and shorts only. And I get to undress you." 

Mike handed Dylan a glass of wine. She took a sip as Jason emptied his pockets on the night stand, kicked off his shoes and stepped in front of her. She handed Jason her wine. Mike raised his glass towards Jason, who returned the gesture. Both men took a sip as Dylan started unfastening Jason's belt.

It didn't take long before Jason's pants were around his ankles. Dylan bent over and pulled them off, taking care of Jason's socks along the way. The shirt tails of Jason's button down draped over his mesh boxers. They were Dylan's favorite. She ran her right hand up Jason's leg and felt his hard cock through the fabric. 

"I'm glad you're excited," she said. Dylan reclaimed her wine glass from Jason, took a sip, handed it back and then looked at Mike. 

"You're next."

Jason stepped away, sat in the chair in the corner, and took a drink of wine. He flashed back to the threesome he and Dylan had with Claire, remembering what it was like to watch the two girls on the edge of the bed. His cock stiffened even more.

Dylan took a little more time undressing Mike, first running her hands up and down the sides of his legs and around to his ass. Mike was obviously hard, with the large bulge in his pants right at Dylan's eye level. She gazed at it as she untucked his shirt and ran her fingers up his abdomen to his chest.

Mike turned to look at Jason, who raised his glass in Mike's direction. Mike nodded, took a sip of wine and returned his attention to Dylan, who was now bending over to untie his shoes.

"You're not making it easy on me Mikey," she said.

"Anything but Mikey, please." He begged.

"Mikey, it is," Dylan laughed. 

She pulled off his shoes, his socks, and then went to work on Mike's belt. His pants dropped to the floor and revealing even more about his cock. Dylan could tell from the protrusion in Mike's boxers that he was longer than Jason's seven inches.

"Wow," she gasped. "Mikey is for little boys and this isn't little. You get to be Mike again."

"Big Mike?" he asked.

"Don't press your luck buddy," she replied.

Dylan reached between Mike's legs, found his balls through the fabric and gave them a little squeeze. They were nice and firm. From there, her fingertips traced the fabric along Mike's shaft, causing his cock to quiver with excitement. Not as thick as Jason, she noted, but still quite nice.

"Variety," Dylan commented. "I like variety. This will be fun." 

Jason spoke next. "Can I see?" 

The question surprised Dylan.

"Really?"

"Why not? It's going to happen sometime. Might as well be now."

Dylan pulled Mike's shorts down to his knees and turned him a little to his right so Jason could get a full profile of his cock. She spit a little saliva in her hand made a circle with her right index finger and thumb, placed it over the swollen tip of his dick, and slowly slid it down his shaft squeezing just hard enough to make the skin bulge even more. 

Jason watched intently as Dylan's hand got to the base of Mike's member. Jason was a shaver. Dylan got him started on that and he loved it. Mike had a small bush of pubic hair and Jason wondered how Dylan would respond to that. 

"How long is this?" she asked. 

"Right around nine inches," Mike moaned under his breath.

Dylan squeezed the base of Mike's cock a little harder, pressing the ring made by her fingers into that patch of hair, and causing his cock to stretch out a little longer. 

"Now it's right around ten!" Dylan exclaimed as such brought her left hand up to cup Mike's balls. "And that's a nice sac there too. But," she paused "we need to put these away for later." 

The moment had Mike wanting a whole lot more and he instinctively pushed his rod towards Dylan's mouth. She was faster, though, and had worked his boxers back up his legs. The tip of Mike's cock hit just below the waistband and his shorts snapped back around his waist.

"Don't you worry Mike," Dylan assured him. "You'll get plenty of that later. But first, it's all about me. You get this side of the bed." 

Dylan patted the side of the bed on her right. Mike and Jason watched as she stood up, pulled all the covers loose, and plumped the pillows. 

"Mike, you sit up here," Dylan instructed. "And Jason, you're giving me an ankle rub."

Dylan loved her ankle rubs from Jason. He gave her one almost every night. They had become more elaborate affairs over time, involving every muscle and every inch of skin from Dylan's toes to just above her knees. Jason occasionally joked that Dylan had the longest ankles ever.

The unspoken rule about ankle rubs, though, was that they were never sexual. Ankle rubs were a way for Jason to pamper Dylan and to say I love you without words. Tonight, however, the rules appeared to be different and Jason, who was still very aroused, was quite happy to play along.

Mike took his place, propped up against the pillows and the headboard. Dylan, still wearing her black dress, cozied in on his left, slightly angling her legs towards the middle of the bed. Mike's left arm curled around her. Jason sat cross legged in the middle of the bed at an angle that allowed Dylan drape her legs over his.



Jason started the ankle rub with soft, smooth, fingertip strokes along Dylan's left leg. His right hand stroked up from the ankle, across her shin, to a little above the knee. That was followed by his left hand reaching over her leg at the knee, cupping her calf, and then, with a little pressure, sliding down the underside of her leg to her ankle. He repeated these strokes, varying the patterns slightly to touch every inch of her skin.

Dylan craned her neck forward to kiss Mike. Following her earlier instructions, Mike started with light, romantic kisses even though he wanted to go faster. His cock was positively aching at this point, but Dylan wasn't ready to go there quite yet. She unbuttoned his shirt and began to stroke his chest. 

Mike turned his attention to Dylan's body. His right hand found the short sleeve on her black dress and he pulled it over Dylan's shoulder. She adjusted her body for a moment to make it easier to slip her arm out of the sleeve all together, exposing her bra. 

Mike's hand found the hook on the front of the bra in a flash, deftly releasing it from the clasp. He pushed the loose fabric to the side and cupped Dylan's left breast, massaging it, and gently pulling on the nipple.

Dylan moaned softly and stopped massaging Mike's chest. Instead, her hand rested in the middle, propping her up at just the right distance and angle to kiss Mike and still give him ideal access to her breast. He had good hands and Dylan felt a rush of pleasure from his touch. The kisses became progressively deeper and more passionate.

Meanwhile, Jason had moved on to Dylan's right leg and his massage strokes were moving further and further beyond Dylan's knee. She was moaning even louder as his fingers inched closer to her pussy. 

Mike took notice and moved his hand from Dylan's breast across her body and down her leg. He found the bottom edge of her dress and pulled it up. Dylan had gone commando for the evening.

"God," he said when he saw her shaved pussy. "That's beautiful."

Dylan took his hand and placed it on the smooth skin between her legs. The warmth of his hand sent waves of pleasure throughout her body and she felt herself getting wetter. Jason's fingers were now massaging in inside of her thighs and Mike's were exploring the nuances and folds of her clit.

She'd never felt anything like this before. Her body was numbed by pleasure emanating from her very core. It felt like she was floating, weightless on the bed. There was no physical awareness of leaning on Mike's body or Jason's crossed legs under her calves. All there was was warmth and pleasure radiating from that spot between her legs. And a strong yearning for more.

Mike and Jason gave her more. Mike's fingers worked their way into Dylan's pussy causing her to yelp. She tried to wiggle to give him greater access but had limited movement. Jason fixed that by scooting back and placing Dylan's legs on the bed. She spread them wide.

Jason took that as an invitation to move in. He re-positioned himself between Dylan's legs down by her ankles. As Mike continued to pleasure Dylan's pussy with his fingers, Jason put both hands on her left foot and began moving them towards her knee. He put his lips on her skin right behind his hands, kissing her body along the way. Past the knee, he continued all the way up to her crotch, just short of Mike's hand. Jason was enveloped by the sweet smell of Dylan's juices. 
