 I woke up the next morning to hear laughter in the other part of the house. I looked over and Linda was already up. From the sound of it, Amy and Maggie were also awake. I looked at the clock and it was ten am. I crawled out of bed and walked down the hall and into the kitchen.

Linda, Amy, and Maggie were all in the kitchen drinking coffee and having a great time.

Amy said, "Good morning sleepyhead. Did we wear you out last night?"

I replied, "You must have."

I grabbed a coffee cup and went for the coffee. As I turned and looked at the girls, I still thought I was dreaming. Three naked women in my kitchen, Wow!

Linda then nearly made me spray my coffee all over the kitchen with her next comment, "I told Amy and Maggie they should come live with us."

Maggie laughed and said, "Gosh lover no need to choke."

Linda continued, "I mean we have the pool house which is basically and apartment without a kitchen but that doesn't matter."

I looked at Linda and asked, "Are you serious or just trying to wake me up?"

Linda looked me square in the eyes and said, "I'm serious."

I looked at Amy and Maggie who were both looking at me as if they were waiting for my approval.

I decided to play along with this game knowing they were kidding, "Sure, I think it is a great idea."

Amy jumped up, "Really?"

I said, "Sure, I mean what guy would not want three beautiful women running around the house naked most of the time."

Amy ran over to Linda and hugged her, "He said YES!"

Linda asked Amy, "When can you move?"

I just laughed.

Amy looked at me and said, "What? Were you just kidding us?"

OHHHH SHIT! My mind was spinning. They are not kidding.

"AAAHHHH, No I'm not kidding. I would love to have both of you here."

Amy then ran to me, hugged, and kissed me.

Amy then said, "Well we go home on Sunday so I will give a two week notice which will give me time to get things in order. I will then drive up so I should be here in about two and a half weeks."

Maggie jumped in, "I'll do the same so Amy and I will be here at the same time."

Linda replied, "Great! I can't wait."

All three of them were so excited, hugging and kissing each other and me.

My mind was numb, "What the fuck just happened?" I thought to myself with a smile on my face.

I turned and said, "I'm going to take a shower."

I stepped into the shower and was letting the water splash on my face when I heard the shower door open. I turned and there was Linda.

She asked, "Are you alright?"

I replied, "You guys kind of ambushed me in there."

"Don't you want them to come live in the pool house?" she asked.

"Well, I'm really not sure." I whispered.

"I thought you would love having three women to fuck around the house. You know kind of like your own little harem." She responded back in a whisper.

"It's kind of a big step having them move in. What if we are all not compatible together? What if that happens? I mean you have only been around them for a short period of time." I inquired of her.

"I now them well enough and they make you happy. I mean you have supplied me with a couple of fuck buddies." She responded.

"Do you want them here for my fuck buddies or yours?" I asked

She did not say anything but just looked at me.

I continued, "I mean you have the meeting, the gardener, and the pool guy Derek. Do you need them too?"

She looked at the shower floor, "I would like to have some companionship when you are gone traveling all the time."

"So, you do want them as your fuck buddies. I mean I can fuck them in Florida when I go there." I responded.

"Well I thought we could have a lot of fun with them here instead of Florida." She softly said.

I stood facing the stream of water as it beat down on my chest thinking. Linda came up behind me and reached around to wrap her hand around my cock. I could feel her body pressed up against mine.

She asked, "Don't tell me that having three women in the house who all like to fuck is too much for you to bear?"

I had just been thinking the same thing. What the hell are you complaining about is what kept mulling over in my mind.

Linda was trying hard to win me over by stroking my cock.

I asked, "With them here how much just me and you time will we ever have?"

She tiptoed up to my ear and whispered, "We have some me and you time right now."

My cock was hard from the stroking she was giving it.

She again tiptoed up to my ear and said, "Turn around."

I turned as the water sprayed onto my back Linda dropped in a squatting position and sucked my cock into her mouth. As she had one hand wrapped around it pulling it into her mouth she had her other hand on my hip rubbing on it.

I looked down at her and asked, "Do you think this is going to convince me?"

From the smile in her eyes, I could tell the answer to the question was yes.

I reached for her and pulled her up. I then turned her around and with my hand on her back pushed her over so that she was bent nearly double. She placed her hands on each side of the tub walls. Her pussy and ass was pointing directly at my cock. I grabbed my cock and guided it to her pussy. I leaned forward until my cock disappeared into her; I then withdrew feeling the velvety softness of her pussy as my cock reappeared from within her.

I pushed deep into her again and turned to get the bath oil she keeps in the shower. I opened the bottle and let some of the oil dribble across her puckered tight rectum. I replaced the bottle then withdrew almost all the way. As I slid back into her, I let my finger massage her rectum. On my next stoke I let my finger slip into her anus

"OOOHHHHH YES!" she moaned.

I pushed into her as far as my cock would reach and let my finger slid halfway into her ass.

She moaned, "Fuck yes."

She then bent even further over letting her hands rest on the bottom of the tub. I let my finger slid fully into her ass.

On each stroke of my cock, I let my finger stroke her tight little bum.

She then said, "Please Jim fuck my ass."

I was shocked that she had asked but withdrew my cock and placed the head at her rectum. I slowly leaned forward holding the base of my cock and the head slipped past her sphincter and was inside her.

"OOOHHHHH FUCK!" she loudly exclaimed.

I pushed deeper into her a little at a time until my groin was pressed against her ass.

I withdrew and watched as my cock slick from the oil pulled from her tight ass. She leaned back and I plunged into her.

"FUCK MY ASS JIM! FUCK ME HARD!" she nearly yelled. 

She rose up slightly to brace herself on the shower wall as I pumped in and out of her ass. She took one hand and began massaging her clit as I continued to fuck her.

Soon she groaned, "OOOHHH FUCK YESSSSSSSS, I'M CUMMMMMING!"

As she jerked into her orgasm, her ass tightened on my cock. 

I grunted as the sperm flew from the head of my cock into her ass.

I withdrew my softening cock from her ass and again watched as her gaping rectum suddenly snapped shut.

She stood up and turned to me. We kissed passionately.

We both rinsed because the water was now cooling off.

+++++++++++++++++++++

We both walked out into the kitchen where Amy and Maggie were still sitting. They had a grin on their faces.

Linda spoke first, "Jim and I discussed it and we would like for both of you to move in."

Maggie smiled, "So, that is what you call it, "discussing."

Everyone laughed at her comment.

Linda then asked, "Ladies are you ready to go get some sun so we can sharpen up our tans before tonight?"

Maggie replied, "I need a little sun that is for sure. I look pale in comparison to you."

All three of them headed for the door and out to the pool naked. I stood at the kitchen window and watched as all three naked asses sashayed to the loungers. They knew I would be watching as they made a show of getting on the loungers. They flashed their asses and pussies in my direction as they bent over to get on them.

They each then passed around the oil as they rubbed the shiny solution onto their bodies. They made sure to make a special show of putting it on their tits.

As I looked out onto the naked women, I wondered how in the world I was going to keep up with three nymphomaniacs in one house. I had already shot my load once and still had "the meeting" tonight. I decided to go out front and wash the cars to get my mind off what I was watching or I would want to jump out there and fuck all three and have nothing for tonight.

++++++++++++++++++++

I finished washing the cars and went back in to get a cold drink. I glanced out the window to see what they were doing. 

"Damn" I muttered.

Maggie had moved to a raft and Linda had rolled it back under her so that Maggie's pussy was at the edge of it and Linda's face was buried in Maggie's pussy. Maggie was rubbing her tits and pinching her nipples as my wife administered a tongue lashing on her.

Amy was still sitting on a lounger but was watching the girl on girl scene before her. Amy was massaging her clit and fingering her pussy.

My dick was hard!

I decided that it was not fair that women can go all day and orgasm as many times as they deemed necessary without having to worry about getting it up. I wanted so badly to go out there and help Amy with her predicament but decided to look away and go out to mow the yard next. 

I had to stand in the garage for a bit to let my cock relax and get my mind off what was going on in the backyard or the neighbors would think I was a pervert getting a hard on while mowing.

++++++++++++++++++

I finished mowing and saw that it was already four o'clock. I went into the house and headed for the shower to get ready for this evening. As I walked past the hall bath Maggie was in taking a shower but had left the bathroom door open. Her naked body was hazily visible through the fogged glass. She had her leg up shaving her leg and as I stood and watched, she moved onto shaving around her pussy.

As I stepped into the bedroom, the shower was running in there also. I looked in and saw Linda and Amy showering in there. Through the fogged glass, I could tell that they were washing each other off.

Since all of the showers were full, I stepped out into the backyard, stripped off my sweaty clothes, and dove into the pool. The cool water felt great on my hot, sweaty body. I swam briefly then got out to go inside.

I walked into the kitchen and grabbed a cold drink then walked to the bedroom. Amy and Linda were now out of the shower and were sharing the vanity in our room. They were dolling up for the event this evening. 

I said, "Why don't we get ready a little early and go have some dinner?"

Linda turned and said, "That would be wonderful."

Amy smiled and said, "You know me I hate to fuck on an empty stomach."

I stepped into the shower and washed off. I got out and used the bathroom vanity to shave and dry my hair. I then walked into the bedroom and Linda had already dressed for the evening.

She stood looking at me and asked, "Well?"

"WOW! You look absolutely edible." I responded.

She smiled and said, "Good that was the effect I was going for."

She had on a red dress that was very short, just barely covering her ass. It also was very low cut in the front. The fabric was also very loose fitting. Her large tits were clearly floating free under it. She had on a pair of sexy red high-heeled sandals. 

Maggie walked into the room about that time and asked, "Did I hear a rumor about dinner tonight?"

She stood in the doorway and was a vision. She was wearing a very short black leather mini skirt. Her tanned legs were bare and shining with a pair of black strapped high heels. Her blouse was white and was sheer enough that you could make out her darker areola. It was easy to spot because her nipples were hard.

"WOW! I will be the envy of every man in the restaurant." I said.

Maggie said looking at my cock, which was now semi hard, "Apparently you like what you see."

Amy pushed past Maggie and asked, "Aren't you ready yet? I'm starved."

"Damn Amy you are looking hot too." I said.

Amy spun around showing off her outfit. She was wearing a short white skirt that had ruffles on the hem and when she spun, I could see that she had on a white g-string that showed off her nicely tanned ass. Her blouse was a royal blue halter-top that was open nearly to her naval. It let her sexy back show. She also had on a pair of sexy high heels.

My cock was at full attention as the somewhat clothed women stood and looked at me. 

Amy said, "Come on and put that hard on away. You will have plenty of opportunity to fuck all of us later. I'm hungry right now."

I said, "Alright just give me a minute."

I went to the closet and slid on a pair of cream-colored linen slacks with no underwear. I decided that if the girls could show off so could I. I walked to the mirror and my cock was clearly outlined in the thin slacks. I pulled on a blue silk shirt and left in unbuttoned one more button than I normally do. I slid on a pair of loafers with no socks.

I stopped to look in the mirror again and decided that I looked good. I headed to the kitchen and the girls were standing around drinking a beer.

Linda commented, "Damn Honey you look like you belong on the cover of some men's magazine."

Amy just responded with, "MMMMM."

Maggie said, "I'm going to love pulling those pants off you later."

I asked, "Are you girls ready or are you just going to stand around gawking all night?"

We all headed for the door to the garage. I opened the front car door and Linda grabbed my ass as she slid past me and into the seat. I looked down at her and her skirt had ridden up. Her naked pussy was completely visible. She smiled up at me as I closed the door. 

I then opened the back door and Maggie climbed in. As her skirt rode up also I could see her naked pussy as well.

She smiled and asked, "Are you going to gawk at my pussy all night or are we going to eat?"

I shut the door and walked to the driver's side back door to let Amy in.

She quickly kissed me and said, "Wow, you are such a gentlemen. It's hard with so many women being such a gentleman."

When she bent over to get in the car her blouse fell open to reveal her magnificent large tanned tits.

I shut the door and got into the car. 

Linda said, "Girls we must have a voyeur on our hands because his cock is hard again."

They all laughed at my predicament.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

We arrived at the restaurant and all walked in. The maitre'd was all about helping us find a table. He was so busy checking out the girls that he barely looked at the seating chart.

He finally found us a table and I followed the girls in. I kept an eye out for the casual glances to the ladies I was escorting. You know the kind where a guy tries to look without his wife or girlfriend not noticing he is looking.

Those looks were all over the restaurant. I felt like the big cock in the room. We all sat down in a booth and the waiter quickly was at our table for drink orders.

Maggie then spoke, "Did you see the horny guys watching us walk in?"

Linda said, "I think there were a bunch of them who would like to join us at our party tonight."

Amy then looked at me, "You have got to fell like the big dog in the yard escorting three women dressed as we are?"

I shook my head, "Yah, I think a bunch of those guys were jealous."

The waiter had been standing there listening to our conversation waiting for our drink order. He was above the girls and seemed to be taking in the down blouse looks that he was getting from his vantage point.

Maggie finally looked up at the waiter, "I'm sorry I'll take a vodka tonic."

We all then placed our orders and the waiter left.

Amy giggled, "I think our young waiter was getting a chub in his pants."

Linda laughed, "I noticed it too."

Maggie said, "Wait until he comes back."

She was sitting across from me and adjusted her top so that her tits were visible clear to her nipple.

The waiter came back and immediately noticed the tits that were nearly visible right beneath him. 

Maggie then said, "Excuse me." As she reached across Amy for a napkin.

I watched as her top fell open and her tits fell into view to me so I knew our young waiter was getting an eyeful.

The poor kid nearly spilled a drink as he reached across Maggie to give Amy her drink.

He then said, "I'll be back in a moment to get your dinner order."

Linda nearly choked from trying not to laugh aloud, "That poor kid is probably headed to the bathroom to jack off."

Maggie said, "Come on ladies when he comes back let's all give him a show."

I looked around the restaurant and noticed that the waiter was not the only one getting a show. Lots of guys were paying attention to our table.

I looked back at the girls and they had all adjusted their tops so that their tits were nearly hanging out. I also noticed that all three of them had hard nipples. They were enjoying this.

Here our waiter came again.

"Have you folks made up your mind what you would like for dinner?" he asked.

Linda had to push it, "Can you tell me if the chicken breast is good?"

The kid actually turned three shades of red as he tried to look Linda in the eye and not at her chest while responding to her question.

Amy smirked trying not to laugh.

Maggie again leaned forward so that he could see down her blouse. I watched his eyes as he nonchalantly tried to look at her sumptuous tits.

The kid was actually getting a hard on that his apron could no longer conceal. He was not the only one. I was enjoying this little game the girls were playing too.

Amy did a fake stretch putting her arms above her head as her sheer blouse pulled tight against her big tits. Her hard nipples were clearly visible as well as the puckered areola around them.

Linda then put the frosting on the cake as the kid was taking her order she leaned over to look at my menu. When she pulled back, she let her blouse and tit drag across my arm and her tit slipped out the side of her skimpy little top. She quickly acted embarrassed and tucked it back inside her blouse.

The kid nearly choked as he saw her tit come into view. I glanced at the bar and the guys there had seen it.

Linda placed her order and the kid quickly left.

Maggie and Amy were laughing nearly uncontrollably at Linda's stunt. Linda reached over, put her hand on my hard cock, and gave it a squeeze.

Linda then said, "Apparently our little fuck toy here is enjoying the show also. His cock is hard as a rock."

Maggie then lifted her bare foot to my crotch and began rubbing my hard cock with the ball of her foot and her toes.

Linda looked down and said, "Maggie be careful we can't have him coming here."

Maggie then said, "I don't think our boy has any underwear on does he?"

Amy jumped in, "Holy shit girl where have you been? You can see his cock head clearly through those thin slacks."

Linda then cleared her throat and said, "Hon can you excuse me please I need to go to the Ladies Room."

I looked at her in astonishment, "Can't it wait for a minute until my cock goes down?"

"I have to really go and if Maggie keeps rubbing her foot on your cock I will end up peeing right here." She whined.

I scooted from the booth and tried to stand so that my hard on was not too noticeable. After Linda got out, I quickly sat back down. Maggie's foot went right back to my cock. 

I watched as Linda made a show of sashaying past the bar. Guys at the bar were turning their heads and watching as she walked by. One of them looked at me and gave me thumbs up and a smile.

The waiter came with our food and his hard on had subsided at least for the time being. He acted very nervous as he set the plates in front of each one of us. As he sat my plate in front of me, he noticed the bare foot and toes rubbing my crotch.
