 Earlier in the year my sexy wife, Linda generously helped out a couple of my friends. These poor guys, married for years to frigid bitches, went without head and even straight sex, for years before my lady helped them out. I always knew Linda was hot and not the least bit timid in bed, even after ten years together. But, I unleashed a demon by allowing and watching her do my buddies. 

They, in turn, couldn't get over Linda's sexual talents, especially her oral talents and begged for more. I admit to being guilty of showing off what my hot wife still did and that theirs had given up long ago. 

When I had the guys over for Sunday football, they couldn't take their eyes off her. I can't blame them though, because Linda's five foot seven inches, one hundred and forty pounds, deep emerald green eyes, flowing auburn hair and even though she was thirty three years old, her measurements were 35C x 26 x 35. 

By halftime everyone had a few drinks in them, so I suggested that Linda 'get comfortable' and join us in the den. Shortly, she appeared in the doorway wearing nothing but thigh highs, stiletto heels, and an unbuttoned man's shirt. As she sauntered into the room, she casually asked, "Who wants a blow job?" 

"Oh, shit, I've been dreaming of this," moaned Carl as he quickly tugged on his zipper. Jacob and Luke followed his lead and soon all three were sitting side by side on the long couch, naked with their cocks pointing at the ceiling. With a giggle, Linda shrugged off the shirt and knelt gracefully in front of Carl. He whimpered when she reached out and took his cock between her fingers. Smiling, she caressed his now throbbing cock, stroking it up and down a few times before she bent over and started to lick the underside of his shaft and onto his balls before taking one of them into her mouth.

Before long she was slurping up and down his hard shaft as she took it deep in her throat, stopping only to tickle his balls with her tongue. He sat there rooted to the couch with his eyes closed as he moaned, "Ohmigod," in pleasure. Linda's cock sucking was impressive and if she kept it up he would soon be exploding all over her face. 

As I watched, Carl started to bounce his hips up off the couch, thrusting his stiff cock in and out of her open mouth. Letting it glide into her mouth, she closed her lips around it and took him deeper into her mouth and finally into her throat. By now one of his hands was behind her head and his other was massaging one of her breasts. "Oh fuck yeah," is all he could moan as Linda worked his cock and he started to fuck her mouth in earnest. The sweat was running down his beer belly and Carl was huffing and puffing like a freight train. We could tell that she won, when we saw his balls tense just before he shot a heavy load of cum into her hands.

Next was Jacob, his cock, longer and thinner than Carl's and already had pre-cum oozing from the tip. Laughing, Linda Grasped his cock and started probing his pee-hole, pushing her tongue into it before she started to lick and suck the head of his cock, teasing it with her tongue. Then she playfully licked the entire length of his cock, stopping to carefully lick and lightly suck on his balls. Then she returned to the head of his cock, letting it slide into her mouth, her tongue bathing it as she sucked it into the back of her throat. As we watched, Carl twisted his strong his fingers cruelly in her silken, auburn locks and held her head in a controlling grip. 

Before Linda could grasp the situation, she felt the warm 'splat' of his cum on her face. The next instant she opened her mouth and reached out with her tongue to catch the cum that was slowly flowing down from her cheekbone toward her lips. Just as she tasted the first drop of his hot, creamy cum the next load hit her lips and chin, dripping on her chest. Then he jerked her hair back, exposing her neck, so the next load hit Linda's lovely neck, and slowly flowed down towards her perfectly breasts. 

After Jacob cummed she quickly moved on to Luke. 

Luke has a wife that doesn't believe in oral, either getting or giving, so he just laid back moaning, "ugh, ugh, uuuugh," and fighting his urge to cum so it would last longer. Linda got between Luke's legs and started sucking and licking on his large hanging balls, moving down further to tongue fuck his brown asshole. Then she took his cock in her mouth. She grinned when his semi-flaccid cock got hard in her mouth. She pulled his foreskin back and started circling her tongue around his big reddish/purple cock head as she stroked his now hard cock. 

As Linda continued to suck his cock, Jacob felt his balls start to churn, warning him of his impending orgasm. Instead of warning Linda, he started pumping his hips and was soon spewing his load into her mouth. Caught up in the excitement, Linda greedily slurped his cum up, swallowing it all as fast as it filled her mouth. When he finished cumming, she continued to lick and suck on his cock, slowly urging it into a state of readiness again. 

Licking her cum coated lips, Linda rocked by on her haunches and smirked about what a good job that she'd just done.

I knew that by now, Linda was hot and wet, so I proposed to the guys that we 'punish' her for being such a little slut whore. Eagerly they circled her and hustled her over to the poker table. Then before Linda knew it, she was on her back on the poker table with Luke and Jacob holding her legs far apart while I held her wrists above her head. In this position Linda's wet pink pussy was exposed for all to see. 

"What are you guys up to?" asked Linda nervously, since this wasn't part of our plan. No one answered as Carl moved into position between her legs. Carl, as you recall, has a talented and persistent tongue that he now used to expertly explore her little pink pussy. Linda moaned, "Uuuuuuuuuum," loudly and tried to move, but we held her fast. Ignoring her resistance, Carl used his fingers to spread her delicate lips and fully open her up as he continued exploring, 

"Ohhhhhh, look," he chirped, "At that pretty pussy. Your clit is twitching..." 

The guys were so astonished by the dance that her clit was doing, that their erections were growing again. 

"Shit, look at that tight pussy pulsing. Put a finger in it man," someone moaned. 

Carl said, "No, not yet," as he went back to his teasing. Linda was still moaning loud and trying to move, but was still pinned. I could tell that she was hot as hell. 

"Ohhhhhh fuck, yes. I'm so ready to cum," Linda shirked. 

His finger was twitching inside her as his tongue worked her clit. "She's getting tight inside. I think she's ready," he panted as he worked faster. As she tried in vain to squirm around the table, she screamed as she cummed so violently that she almost passed out. 

"Hold her still," Carl insisted as he inserted a second finger into Linda's spasming pussy. Continuing his assault on her clit he was able to keep her in a state of continuous orgasm for about ten minutes. 

She begged him to stop, "I can't take anymore, god Dammit." 

When he finally let go, as she lay spent and moaning on the table. 

"This is a punishment," I reminded her and the guys. 

Taking the hint, Luke gently but firmly pulling Linda off the table. As soon as her feet hit the floor, Luke grabbed her hair, whirled her around and bent her face forward over the arm of an easy chair. As he grabbed her hips, Linda moaned, "Oh shit. I'm not sure I can ..." but it was too late, Luke was already buried inside her. Her eyes popped open wide and she was forced to grip the arms of the chair to steady herself against the onslaught of his forceful pounding. Like a machine, Luke's balls slapped against her clit as he brutally rammed his cock into her. 

Regaining a little of her equilibrium, Linda started thrusting her hips back and meeting his with equal gusto. "Feel my pussy tighten around your cock?" she bragged, "I'm gonna milk the cum right out of your balls." 

I knew what he must have been feeling; she has great control over her pussy muscles. She often jacks me off by clinching and unclenching her pussy. When her pussy muscles start dancing there's no holding out. In about two minutes he was cumming hard. 

Stumbling over and falling back onto the sofa, legs in the air Linda pulled her pussy lips apart. We could see Luke's cum oozing out as she wailed, "C'mon somebody fuck me." 

Jacob was on her in a flash, sliding down between her legs, grabbing her by her ankles and placing her petite little feet up on his shoulders. Then, in one thrusting movement, he plunged his hard cock into her dripping wet pussy as far as it will go, making her grunt and whine from the impact. "Oh, yessssss!" she hisses as he slowly pulled back and then rammed into her again. His tight balls slapped against her sweet ass cheeks as he grunted and pounded and sweated on top her. As Jacob repeatedly bury his meat all the way to the hilt, Linda kept chanting, "Fuck me. Come on fuck me good." Linda was so damn horny by then that it only took a few more thrusting strokes before she was humping wildly back and cumming; moaning and sobbing, "Ohm, Ohhhhhh, yessssss! F-f-fuck me, fuck, its soooo good," until he too was shouting out his mighty orgasm.

Out of all the guys Carl was the biggest, not huge, but thick and veiny. Linda was down on her knees in front of him sucking when he said, "Oh no honey, I want pussy too." 

"I'm not sure I can," Linda moaned, "I'm sore and you're so big." 

With a smirk, Carl said, "Oh you'll take it alright." 

Then he picked her up and pushed her over the armchair again. After a few ...smack... teasing swats on her ...smack... naked ...smack...butt, he started sliding the golf ball size head of his cock up and down her puffy slit. She gasped as he plunged forward and her sore pussy was spread open again. "Oh god," he roared. "I love this tight pussy. I'm gonna fuck her bow-legged." 

Linda whimpered a little as she steadied herself across the chair. Grabbing her hips, Carl started slowly, very slowly, moving in and out. Sometimes pulling a little right or left with the in and out motion. Very slowly he fucked her until her juices were flowing again and coating his cock. When he reached around and fingering her engorged clit, Linda jumped like an electric shock went through her. She whimpered a little more, then, Carl laughed and picked up the pace as we spent guys cheered him on from the sideline. Before long she was in ecstasy and begging him to fuck her hard. 

But the sadistic bastard didn't. Instead, he kept his pace slow until Linda looked up, eyes wide open and whimpered, "Ohh fuck." 

Then he pulled out as she cummed, squirting her juices all over the chair. Now in full orgasm, her pussy juice was running down her trembling legs. Laughing, he unexpectedly rammed his cock back into her spasming pussy and started pounding her like a jackhammer, slamming her harder and harder. Franticly, she clutched the arms of the chair under the force of his cock ramming. Her breasts flapping in the air, screaming her way into another orgasm as Carl continued to brutally fuck her. 

With a primal roar, Carl pulled almost out and then slammed back hard enough to almost knock her off the chair. Then he flooded her with his cum. 

Leaving Linda almost comatose with ecstasy, the guys quickly dressed and left. 

The end...