 I had no appointments that day and, being the horny guy I am, decided to strip and stroke while surfing the net. I opened a favorite bisexual site and was looking at the sexy pics of guys sucking each other while their women watched and played with each other and my penis was nice and hard as I lightly stroked it and thought about how nice it would be if I could get my wife to join me in a bisexual foursome. 

I had been working on Tina for some time now and was making some progress so hopefully, it would work out well sometime soon. Meanwhile, the thought of it had my precum oozing out of my cockhead and I was enjoying the delicious flavor when my doorbell rang. I went over to the intercom and it was George, the UPS delivery man. I rang him in and just had enough time to slip on my robe before he came up. I had known George for the last 6 years or so and he had done many favors for me in making sure that I received important deliveries and we always greeted each other in the street and made some small talk before going our separate ways. 

He knocked on the door and I opened it to find him standing there with a large package for me. We smiled and greeted each other and he handed me the machine to sign for the delivery. As I reached for the machine to sign it, unknown to me, my cock poked through the opening in the robe and my swollen crown was fully exposed. When I looked at him to hand him the machine back, I saw his gaze riveted to my cock and he asked if I was alone in the apartment. I quickly covered my penis head with the robe and told him that my wife was at work. He asked if he could come in for a while and from the look of lust on his face, I couldn’t refuse and stepped aside for him to enter. 

George was a big, good looking, black man who had an athlete’s build and I had often fantasized while stroking about having sex with him. Nothing sexual had ever passed between us in the years we knew each other although we were friendly towards one another and I liked him as a person as I assume he did me. As I closed the door and turned to face him, he stepped up and slipped his hand inside my robe and grasped my thick erection in his hand and asked me if he could play with it for a while. As soon as his warm hand closed over my penis, I was his and let him fondle my shaft and balls as I lost myself in the pleasures of the moment. Then I reached for his crotch and my hand closed over a huge bulge in his pants which was getting larger and larger as I held it. 

Finally, he couldn’t take it any longer and pulled away as he tore off his clothes until he stood before me naked. He was gorgeous with wide shoulders, narrow waist, flat stomach, strong thighs and legs and a penis that defied description. It was very thick and had a smooth, sloped crown with a deep ridge around it and was standing out at least 8 inches in front of him and swaying whenever he moved slightly. 

I let my robe drop to the floor and walked over in front of him and dropped to my knees as I ran my fingers over his huge, tight ball sac and his beautiful erection. Then, as I was gazing in desire at this gorgeous organ, a large drop of precum oozed out of the slit in his crown and I deftly caught it with my tongue before it dropped off and found it absolutely delicious. I looked up at him and saw the look of desire in his eyes as I told him how much I loved the flavor of his precum. He told me that he would feed me as much as I want from now on and then suggested that we lay down so that we could mutually investigate each other. 

I took his cock in my hand and led him into the bedroom where we made ourselves comfortable on the bed with our heads on each other’s thighs as we lay on our sides and started playing with each other’s crotches. His penis and balls were beautiful and I gazed at them for a while before leaning forward and licking his full balls before taking each one in my mouth and gently sucking it. He was doing the same to me and it felt wonderful worshipping his organs while experiencing the delightful sensations he was giving me. 

I couldn’t resist getting to know his thick member so I licked my way up his shaft and took his swollen, smooth, irresistible cockhead between my lips and started nursing on it. His cock tasted delicious and every once in a while I was rewarded with more savory precum which had me firmly sucking for more. When his warm mouth covered my cock, I was in absolute heaven and we both started slowly deep throating each other until we had as much as we could swallow down our throats. We held each other deep and I felt his throat contract around my shaft each time he swallowed which sent ripples of sensations throughout my body. I assumed I was giving him the same pleasure since he would shudder each time I swallowed around his organ. Then we started moving our heads back and forth as we sucked each other and stroked our shafts to coax out our cum juices. 

We were both lost in the pleasures we were giving as well as receiving when suddenly I felt his cock expand and his first spurt of cum shot onto my waiting tongue. It was slightly salty but delicious and I swallowed it and did the same to each load he fed me. About the time I was swallowing his second load of cum, my cock erupted and I started shooting ropes of cum into his hungry mouth and the two of us went off to Nirvana together. We kept sucking each other to get every drop out of our balls and, when we finally realized there was no more, we parted and lay back against the pillows to relax. 

I knew George was married and asked him if his wife knew about his bisexual adventures. He told me that he was working on getting his wife turned on to his bi experiences as he would love her to be present while he was with another guy. I told him that that was my fantasy also as I would love Tina to watch me suck him and then join in. He asked me if I would be interested in a foursome with a bi couple since he knows a couple in the neighborhood who would love a hot session. I told him to make the arrangements for a daytime meeting preferably at their place since it would be safer for me to go there. 

He took down my phone number and said he would call me later in the afternoon to confirm a meeting with them and then told me that he really has to get back and finish his route before it gets too late. I leaned forward and kissed his crown and told him that I really didn’t want him to leave as I was just getting started with him. He apologized and promised he would make it up to me tomorrow or when we have the foursome and I saw him to the door with my penis starting to get hard again. He leaned over quickly and kissed the head of my cock and then went out the door.

I stood there a moment reflecting on the last hour or so and realized the enormity of the incident in relation to my sex life. I now had a gorgeous cock to play with almost every day plus a meeting with a couple and who knows what else. My cock was fully erect by then and I went back to bed and stroked my organ as I thought about George’s beautiful and tasty penis and body. It didn’t take long for my orgasm to arrive as I concentrated on how wonderful a feeling it was to have such a gorgeous cock in my mouth while he sucked me. 

I shot my cum all over my thighs and stomach and lay back to rest a while before showering and getting dressed again. I went back to work on my computer and made a few phone calls and was just getting into a letter to a client when the phone rang and it was George. He asked if noon tomorrow was OK and when I agreed, he told me that he would stop by around a quarter to and take me the two blocks to their place.

I told him that I was looking forward to it very much but that I was really looking forward to conjoining with him. I told him that I had masturbated after he left just thinking about our session and I couldn’t wait to resume our mutual investigation of each other. George told me that he felt the same and, if we couldn’t reasonably do each other properly at the foursome without being unsociable, he promised to come over when he had a few hours off the day after, so we could do each other the way we like. I told him not to have sex with his wife tonight so that he would have plenty of delicious juices in his balls tomorrow. He promised and we said our goodbyes.

After dinner that night, Tina had some work to do on her computer and I watched a movie on TV although my mind kept wandering to the fabulous experience of the afternoon and the promise of another exciting day tomorrow. I hoped that I would like the couple and they me as it would provide the perfect atmosphere for a satisfying sex session. I fell asleep that night thinking about all the possibilities as to what this couple looked like and even the possibility that they knew each other since they lived in the same neighborhood. I didn’t have to worry about Tina wanting sex that night because she announced, soon after dinner, that she was tired and was going to sleep early so I turned on my side and held my thick, erect cock in my hand as I went to sleep with thoughts of the morrow.

Since my home was also my office, I didn’t arise until Tina had already left for work and by the time I showered, shaved, had breakfast, got dressed and answered a few e-mail queries from potential customers, the bell rang and I realized it must be George as it was 11:45 on the dot. I told him that I would be right down and a few minutes later greeted him in the lobby as we headed off in an easterly direction. I asked if he had been true to his promise and he assured me that he had saved every drop for the party as he had no sex last night. I told him the same and a moment later he guided me into a building off Park Avenue and told the doorman that we wanted to see the Cartwright’s. After calling upstairs and announcing us, we entered the elevator and went up to the penthouse. When the doors opened, a very attractive couple was standing in a small foyer waiting to greet us. George made the introductions and as I shook their hands I couldn’t help feel the good vibes that seemed to pass between us. 

Karl was very Nordic looking with rugged good looks and short cropped blonde hair and Carla was an olive skinned, dark haired beauty with sensational cleavage which promised large, full breasts. They led us into their apartment and we sat down in the comfortable living room and admired the view looking downtown from the floor to ceiling windows. They brought us drinks and George told me how they got together the first time. 

He said that he was their regular delivery person for a number of years when, one day, he arrived at their floor and noticed the door to the apartment was open halfway. He called out their name but got no answer so he walked inside and looked around but saw no one. As he walked further into the apartment, he could hear sounds coming from a back room and approached it cautiously while calling out their name. When he got to the open doorway, he saw Karl and Carla in a 69 and seemingly oblivious to anything else except that she took her mouth from Karl’s organ to ask if he would like to join them and he did. From that time on, they had regular sessions, although short ones when he had to cover his route, but sometimes long ones on his day off. 

I asked Karl what he thought of George’s organ and it got him started on describing everything about George’s body that turns him on and by the time he was halfway through my cock was fully erect and Karl suggested that we go inside and slip on the robes that were on the bed and then join them in the living room. George and I got up and following Karl’s instructions, found the room and the robes. As we stood there naked, we grasped each other’s erections and promised to get together as soon as possible and then slipped on the robes and went inside. 

Karl was sitting with his back resting on the arm of the couch and his robe wide open as Carla nursed on the head of his cock. The shaft was thick and long and her lips were wrapped around the ridge of the crown and I could see her cheeks hollow as she drew firmly on the organ. George threw off his robe and kneeled down and removed Carla’s robe while she sucked her husband’s penis. Then he got down on his back and buried his head in her cunt while reaching up and pinching her erect nipples. Karl’s eyes were glazed as he motioned for me to come over to him. I threw off my robe and walked over next to him as he reached up and grasped my erection in his hand remarking how beautiful it was. He asked if he could suck it and, in answer I got up on the couch and fed him the crown which he hungrily swallowed and began to suck with firmness and total lust. I loved the way he was sucking my cock and, while he did so, he was playing with my balls and slipping his fingers into my anus which was driving me wild. 


I heard Carla moan loudly and assumed she was cumming as George sucked greedily on her crotch. I heard movement behind me and turned my head to see Carla get up and squat over Karl’s beautiful organ and lower herself on the thick pole as she sighed in pleasure. Then George came up behind me and I felt his thick penis probing my anus and I tried to offer him more access as he wet my hole with his precum and started pushing the head inside. I felt his thickness enter me and I couldn’t wait for him to feed me more as it felt wonderful especially with Karl doing such a magnificent job on my cock and crotch at the same time. George worked his beautiful penis deep inside my ass and then began thrusting it in and out which forced Karl to suck me in rhythm to his thrusts since George was actually making me face fuck Karl. 

Karl was able to take about ¾ of my cock down his throat and was sucking firmly on my shaft from the head down while tugging on my balls as George’s organ slid smoothly in and out of my asshole. The combination of sensations overwhelmed me and my penis swelled and started shooting ropes of hot cum into Karl’s hungry mouth which he gulped down as he moaned in passion. Then I heard a low growl escape his lips even as he sucked me, and his mouth clamped down on my member, as he shot his load into his wife’s cunt. When the first spurt of his cum entered her hot passage, Carla started shuddering as she bore down on his cock and wet it thoroughly with her juices. Karl was still sucking my cock as George suddenly grabbed me by the hips and stroked deeply in my ass and I felt his organ swell and begin erupting gobs of cum deep inside me which felt so good that it was like having another orgasm, almost. 

After we broke apart and sat back to rest awhile, Karl told me that he thought my cum was absolutely delicious and topped off the precum appetizer he had which he loved also. I told him that as soon as we relaxed for awhile, I planned on tasting his organ and juices since I thought he had a very suckable cock from the looks of it. George broke in and told me that once I suck Karl’s cock, I would be spoiled for life and Karl smiled and said he wished it was so. He also mentioned, as long as we were talking about the taste of organs, that I was in for a real treat when I go down on Carla since she has one of the most delicious pussies in all the world. So delicious, he was thinking of bottling it in small perfume like bottles and selling it by the gram. George said that would be great because it’s so good, it would become addictive and people would have to have more and more. 

Carla piped in that it would be great for her since she would be played with and teased all day, every day in order to meet the demand for her juices. I told her that if it’s marketed correctly, the worldwide demand would overwhelm her resources and possibly cause a malfunction but she laughed it off and said she was entirely capable of meeting world requirements. At that point, I asked her if it would be possible for me taste the product in discussion and she parted her gorgeous thighs and beckoned me in. 

While I made myself comfortable between her sexy thighs, George and Karl sprang into action as Karl got up and fed his cock to his wife while he tweaked her erect nipples. George had me raise my hips so that he could get comfortable underneath me as he took the swollen head of my organ between his lips and moaned in pleasure as he sucked me. I was looking directly into Carla’s gorgeous cunt and noted that her labia minora were shaped like the delicate petals of a flower and were slightly parted revealing the glistening, pink meat inside her opening. My eyes traveled up to her clit and I saw a small pink organ peeking out from the folds of its protective hood. Her aroma was heavenly and was drawing me closer to her cunt and I flicked out my tongue and licked her from her rosebud asshole all the way up to her clit, which by now, was all the way out and waiting to be worshipped. 

As my tongue crossed her wet hole, I tasted something really delicious and couldn’t wait to get back there and check it out but I was headed for that sweet little button which I teased even further out with the tip of my tongue as Carla started moaning and Karl urged me on since her moaning was giving him a beautiful hum job. I took the little organ between my lips and ran my tongue back and forth over it as her moans became louder. I nibbled on the hard organ for awhile and then trailed my tongue down her slit, between her labia and into her pink passage where I found, to my delight, that her flavor was indeed gourmet. After licking up her juices awhile, I lifted my head and asked Karl if I could become part of the company as I knew he had a winner of a product. Everyone laughed even though they never stopped what they were doing to each other. 

I went back to work on her delicious crotch and as soon as my tongue entered her passage and started licking the juices off her cuntwalls, she went into orgasm and surprised me with the quantity of her cum. Spurt after spurt of white cream oozed out of her cunt and I found it very tasty and sweet and covered her hole with my mouth to capture every drop as she fed it to me. So this was the product that Karl wants to market! Now that I saw the huge quantity she produces, I could see what he was talking about. I cleaned up every drop from her cunt and thighs and told Karl that he just got a partner, whether he likes it or not. He was smiling down at me as he fed his thick organ in and out of Carla’s voracious mouth. Meanwhile, George was sucking me beautifully and I let him take me away to that special place I love to go until my penis exploded and shot my load in spasm after spasm until my balls were empty and he had drunk every drop I fed him. 

When I came back to reality, I saw Carla teasing the tip of her husband’s penis with her tongue and I looked up at him and motioned that I would like to taste him. He pulled his penis away from his wife and turned to face me as I leaned forward and licked his gorgeous crown before taking that irresistible head into my mouth. It was wonderful having that thickness in my mouth. His organ tasted delicious and he rewarded me every once in a while with some precum, which I savored like nectar. His cock was very thick which I loved, but I couldn’t get much more than half down my throat although what I managed to capture felt marvelous. 

I cupped his large balls in my hands and played with his anus as I sucked his delicious penis and his moans and gasps were like music to my ears. Carla had moved over and was sitting between my thighs. She took my flaccid penis in her mouth, which felt wonderful, and started sucking it while I was busy sucking her husband’s tasty organ. Suddenly, Karl grabbed my head and pushed his penis deep in my mouth as I felt it swell and then begin depositing load after load of cum down my throat. I almost gagged and backed off enough to taste his juices as they shot onto my tongue. He held me tight for a long time after his last spasm and I kept sucking his slowly receding organ until he pulled away with a sigh and told me that his cock was mine anytime I wanted to suck it as that was one of the best blowjobs he has ever experienced. 
