 Tony was kneading my tits and he was not being gentle. I was aware of his hands. I was aware of his cock in my pussy and the fingers up my ass. Tony started talking again. "You are my bitch and you are going to find out what it is like to be fucked by two men at the same time. You wanted this and you ARE going to find out. You may have thought you would have a cock in your pussy and a cock in your mouth, but you are in for the surprise of YOUR life. You are not going to forget this night".

The tone of his voice excited me but, at the same time, I didn't know what was coming. I wasn't sure I wanted whatever was going to happen. Tony reached up, got a good grip on my shoulders, and pulled me down tight on his chest. He spread his legs wide, which forced my legs wider also. Ronnie's weight was holding my legs on the outside of Tony's legs. Tony told Ronnie that it was time.

When he said that, I didn't know what he meant, but I started struggling to free myself. I didn't want whatever was coming. I couldn't move. Ronnie's weight prevented me from getting up on my knees. With Tony's cock imbedded inside me, I couldn't roll off him. Tony's hands were locked on my shoulders. I couldn't slide off his cock, or get the fingers out of my ass.

An electric shock went through me as I realized what was going to happen. Ronnie slid his fingers out of my ass, now open and aching from his finger fucking. I felt the head of his cock at the place where his fingers had been. I struggled, to no avail, moaning that no no no, there was NO way I could take a cock up my ass. 

Tony and Ronnie both were assuring me I would soon know what it would feel like to have a cock up my ass and a cock in my pussy. That I would never know a feeling like it and I would want it more than anything else in the world.

While their words inflamed me, part of me wanted to keep on going, but part of me was terrified at the thought of being fucked that way. Ronnie didn't try to insert his cock, just inserted his head and then he pulled it out. Tony was gently sliding his cock in and out of my pussy. It was almost like being in slow motion. All of a sudden, I realized I was leaning into that head when it was eased inside me again. I arched my back, getting up on my hands on each side of Tony's chest. I couldn't breath. I couldn't believe it was my voice, begging Ronnie to shove in the shaft of his cock. Tony and Ronnie were both urging me to relax and let them do all the work. Oh YES, I wanted that cock up my ass now.

Feeling that cock working inside me, slowly, ever so slowly, I was going wild. When I felt that cock rubbing against the thin wall that separated him from Tony's cock, I thought I was going to explode. The sensation was unbelievable. I couldn't hold myself back any longer. Tony's hands were holding me onto his cock. He had raised his legs and his heels were digging into the bed, lifting his cock and thrusting into my pussy, and the same time Ronnie was bearing down in my ass.

Ronnie was all the way in now. When he started to pull out, I felt like my insides were pulling out with him. He drove in again and a loud moan escaped from me. It didn't take but a couple more strokes before their cocks were working in rhythm. Both in and out and then both jamming back in. Then one out while the other went in, and then they reversed. I could tell that feeling each other's cock thru that thin wall of my flesh, separating my cunt from my ass, was driving them wild.

I didn't want to move. I wanted them to never stop…….each stroke was driving me wild. I knew I was going to come and I told them I couldn't hold it any longer. I don't know if I made any sense, or it was just a jumble of sounds, but they knew.

Tony raised his head and bit down on my nipple, while he twisted the other nipple in his hand. That was all I needed. I went into unbelievable convulsions, as spasm after spasm racked my body. I felt both of them exploding inside me, spurts of hot juices, filling me up and spilling outside the tightness of their cocks, buried deep inside me. Each stroke of both of them filled me, swelling me full as my body held it all.

I lost myself in the sensations that coursed through my body, not being aware of cocks, or tits, or pussy or ass. Just waves of wild sensations that seemed to go one forever. Ronnie's cock slid out of me first, releasing a flood of cum juices that ran down on top of Tony's cock. Tony's cock eased out of me too, now limp and soft. Tony rolled me off him. I lay on my side, with Ronnie behind me, holding me tight as I slowly calmed down. Tony softly stroked my body with his hands, as he told me he had promised me a night I would never forget. I kissed him back and thanked him for making my fantasy come true.

Tony said the night wasn't over with yet, but we would take a break and take a shower before we did anything else. I was ready to go to sleep but both of them grinned and said I would get NO sleep that night. I didn't know what could possibly top what we just did. Tony said it would be HIS turn to ass fuck me before the night was over. I said I would never be able to go through that again. He just laughed.

Oh, that shower felt so good. Both men had their hands on me, soaping and caressing, easing off all the soreness of my body. Tony suggested that I clean Ronnie's cock and then kneel down and take his cock in my mouth. Tony was behind me, almost straddling my back. The hot water was cascading down all over our bodies. But THEN, I realized that there was a hot stream directed up and down my back, and running into my ass crack. Tony was pissing on my back. It was a weird feeling, but it was exciting too.

Ronnie saw what was happening and he asked Tony if he could do that too. Tony had me stand up, and he grabbed each tit and held them out as far as they would go. He told Ronnie to aim for my nipples. Feeling that hot stream on my nipples, turned them instantly hard. Tony told Ronnie it was obvious I liked what he was doing, and to direct the stream down the middle of my body, to my navel. When he did that, I felt as if his stream was going right inside my body. I Tony bent me back just a bit, enough for the last of Ronnie's stream to splash onto my clit, instantly arousing me. It was obvious by their hard cocks they were really turned on.

Tony made sure we were all rinsed off, then turned the water off. We dried each other with white fluffy thick towels, and went back to the bed. We snuggled under the covers, with me in the middle. I thought we were going to sleep, but I was wrong. 

It was Tony's turn to fuck me in the ass, and Ronnie was in my pussy. Another shower and it was a cock in my pussy and a cock in my mouth. I gave up trying to figure out which cock was where. All I know is that I never ever would know a night like that again, in MY life.

All too soon, daylight came, and Ronnie had to leave. With a last kiss and a hug, Ronnie left the bed, showered and got ready to go. Tony told me to get some sleep. He would be back as soon as Ronnie left. He didn't have to tell me twice. I drifted off to sleep to the smell of coffee in the kitchen and the low voices of the men as they ate breakfast. Soon, I woke to the sound of Ronnie's car starting and then he was gone.

Tony came back into the bedroom, a cup of coffee in his hand. He got into bed next to me, finished his coffee, rolled over and held me tight. We both drifted off into a well deserved sleep, totally content and totally fucked out.

- The End -