 I've been in the computer industry for a long, long time. So, it's no surprise to me when the company sends me out on the road to any one of two dozen or so offices all over the country. The Computer Support Team is pretty big, too. We have three or four team-members in every office. I work with some of these guys and girls all the time and others I hardly ever see.

A few weeks ago, I was in our St. Louis office working with one of the guys CS guys named Marc from one of our other offices. Since I'd met him on the East Coast a few years ago, I'd had my suspicions that he might be gay and just about every time I turned around, I could swear, I'd see him checking out other guys, but if a woman with nice tits or a shapely ass walked by, he didn't seem to notice.

Now, I'm as straight as they can get and being the analytical person that I think that I am, I took it upon myself to find out as much as I could about this guy. After all, we did work late nights together in a mostly empty office, then go back to our hotel rooms after a relaxing dinner. Fortunately, the company never asked us to share rooms. Otherwise, this might turn into a problem.

One night, we were upgrading some computers and the project ran late into the evening. When we were nearly finished, I started cracking jokes and calling Marc a faggot. He got really defensive and said that he was as straight as I was and that I shouldn't be making fun of him. Well, in hindsight, I probably shouldn't have been razzing him as much, but he was kind of asking for it all day, calling me a hillbilly and all kinds of other derogatory things about my background, so naturally, I figured he had it coming. 

"Leave me alone, Larry," Marc kept saying. 

I would respond with cracks about how sensitive he was and his complaints just fueled the fire. Finally, I think he'd had enough. 

He said, "I've fucked lots of girls. You have no idea."

I figured it was best to be left alone at least for the moment. We left the office together and went to a corner restaurant to get a bite to eat. I couldn't believe it, but even at nearly midnight there was still a 45-mintue wait, so I asked the hostess to seat us at the bar. There were only two available seats, with a cute girl sitting between them. 

"Hi," she said, looking at me, then at Marc. 

"Hi," I politely replied. 

"Should I move over one?" she offered as Marc and I sat down. 

"No, no problem. I can sit here," I responded. Looking past her firm tits in that tight T-shirt was far better than staring directly at Marc.

No sooner had we gotten seated than Marc started talking about work again. "You know, we're going to have to do some troubleshooting first thing in the morning," he began. "If there's no connectivity, we're going to be working all night again."

"Oh, God," the hottie between us said, "Not a couple of computer nerds."

I smiled and looked at her and said, "Sorry. We don't mean to bore you with shop talk. I'm Larry. That's Marc. What's your name?" 

"April," she replied.

"That's a pretty name. Is that when you were born?" I asked.

"No, April responded. My parents were hippies."

"And what do you do for a living?" Marc asked.

"I'm in computers," she said with a grin. "But you won't catch me talking about it in a place like this."

I looked around. The place was packed with a lot of people much younger than I am. Marc and this other girl are a lot younger than I am, too. 

The conversation started rolling and one thing led to another. Before I knew it, the three of us were back in my hotel room and cracking into the mini-bar.

"There's just one thing I haven't figured out yet," April said.

"What's that?" I asked.

"You're one horny fucker, that's for sure, but why isn't he hitting on me?" April asked, pointing to Marc. That was true, I'd been making suggestive hints and any excuse to touch her for the past two hours. 

"That's easy," I said. "He's gay. Can't you tell?"

April looked Marc up and down and said, "He's not gay. I know gay and that's not it," she pointed. 

I said, "What makes you so sure?"

"I don't know," April answered. "He just doesn't strike me as the gay type."

"Well, I bet you could get buck naked and lie on that bed and he wouldn't be the least bit interested," I challenged.

"I seriously doubt that," April responded, then walked over to where Marc was sitting, squatted on his lap and started running her fingers through his hair.

"What are you doing?" Marc asked.

"I'm trying to see if I can turn you on," she responded. "Show me and mister smarty-pants over there that you're not gay."

April definitely had some courage. She started rubbing her hand on Marc's chest, then made a trail down to the front of his pants. I was shocked when I saw her hand disappear into the front of his loose-fitting jeans.

Marc had a serious look on his face, but April was grinning from ear to ear. "Oh," she said, apparently pleased at what she found in Marc's pants. "You do like me," she added. "I can feel your cock growing in my hand. 

Marc tried to pull away, but April stopped him. Instead, she leaned further toward him and placed her other hand on the back of his neck and pulled his face to hers, locking his mouth in a sensual, sloppy kiss. 

Marc appeared to be enjoying himself. I was beginning to think that maybe I had been wrong. Maybe he wasn't gay after all. Maybe he was just one of those guys who didn't really make a big deal out of sex. 

I moved in behind April and started to fondle her tits. Moving my hands into her shirt from behind her, then up and onto her braless tits. April seemed pleased at the addition of hands on her body. She started to gyrate her hips and rub her ass against my cock. Marc's hands were firmly in place on her waist, frozen there like he was afraid to move them.

After a few minutes of me rubbing her tits while she kissed on Marc and fondled his cock inside his pants, I pulled April off Marc and rested my butt on the edge of the bed. April pulled Marc up from the chair, so the three of us were in motion at the same time. When I had April standing in front of me with her back to me, I peeled her T-shirt off and over her head. April did the same to Marc who was standing in front of her. 

April grabbed Marc's hands and pulled them toward her breasts while she fiddled with the button on the front of his pants. I did the same to April's jeans, pulling them down and off her firm, shapely ass to expose a delicate white thong underneath. 

When April had Marc's pants off, she went for his underwear – a pair of briefs. Marc resisted, but April was determined. After a little giggling and wrestling, April had Marc's briefs down to his ankles. Marc's cock sprang to attention and stood out in front of him. Meanwhile, I was rubbing April's ass with both hands. 

April pushed back against me with her ass, so I scooted back on the bed, still fully clothed. When April moved, she dragged Marc along with her. 

April didn't wait for someone to take her panties off for her. She slid them down and off her, then said to Marc, "Fuck me with that cock, you little faggot," She taunted.

Marc looked to be too horny to be very upset. Instead of saying anything, he just rammed his cock up between her legs until it was resting on the outer folds of her pussy. 

"You want this cock?" Marc asked. "Huh? You want it?" He sounded a little mad, but I think he was just caught up in the moment. 

To me, it was almost like watching a porno film. Here was a guy I worked with about to fuck some hottie we'd pulled out of a local club. All that was missing was the bright lighting and the bad music. 

I slid the rest of the way off the bed and stripped as fast as I could. When I moved off the bed, April scooted all the way up until her head was nearly hanging off the side of the bed. 

I was completely naked and had my cock hanging a few inches from both their faces when Marc finally penetrated April's cunt with his cock. They both grunted as he slid his way inside her waiting hole. When Marc was finally fully inside her, he raised his head up and saw my cock sticking in his face. I thought I suspected an additional hint of pleasure when he saw it, but I can't be sure. 

I was stroking my cock to a wicked erection and watching Marc fuck April furiously. I'd never thought I'd be turned on at the sight of another man fucking a woman in my presence would be something that was arousing, but for some reason, I felt like fucking her mouth at the same time would be really cool. 

"You sure fuck this girl good for a faggot," I said to Marc as he was fucking. My hard cock was still only a few inches from his face. "Fuck her cunt hard, dude," I commanded.

Marc looked up again to see my cock standing out in front of his face. He appeared mesmerized by my dick in his face, and if I'm not mistaken, he seemed to be even more turned on by my hard dick sticking in his face than he was from having her pussy wrapped around his cock.

"Fuck her," I said. "Just keep fucking her."

April was biting her bottom lip into her mouth and looking like she was really enjoying the good fucking that Marc was giving her. Seeing me standing there stroking my cock in my hand, April reached up with a free hand and started massaging my balls. Her hand felt good on my balls, but I wanted my cock in her mouth. 

"Suck it," I said to April, "I want it in your mouth," not realizing that Marc was still looking at my cock.

Unexpectedly, Marc lunged forward a bit and sucked the head of my cock in his mouth. I had no idea he was going to do that, or I would have surely been able to pull away in time. 

I'm not gay, but I have to admit that when his mouth clenched around my cock, it felt pretty good. I was so shocked at first that I couldn't even pull back. Then, it started to feel good to me. I didn't know what it was. I thought it must have been the excitement of having this unexpected thing happen to me without warning. I'm not sure what it was, but my cock was feeling really good in his mouth. 

April looked startled, too. She also seemed more turned on, which added to my own stimulation. Not only was Marc sucking my cock, but he was also still giving April a good pounding. April looked like she was in a sexual daze, her gaze fixated on my cock in Marc's mouth. April kept massaging my balls with her hand, and when Marc pulled away from my cock on every stroke, she fingered my shaft for me. 

April averted her gaze for a moment to look me in the eye. "Can you cum in his mouth?" she asked. "Shoot your cum in his mouth," she said. "I want to see it. I want your cum in his mouth while he fucks me."

I hadn't thought of it. Even now, if you asked me if I had the desire to cum in a man's mouth, I'd say no, but I was caught up in the moment. My cock was swollen and ready. A man was furiously sucking my dick while he pounded a beautiful girl's pussy. Meanwhile, she was staring up at me. She wanted me to cum in his mouth. She wanted to watch me do it. It all seemed so wrong and blasphemous, but at the same time very erotic. 

"Fill his mouth with your cummmm," April instructed, stretching out the word "cum" much longer than it should have been. "Give it to him. He wants it."

Her words were arousing, not only to me, but to Marc. When she said them, he started sucking harder. 

"Okay," I said, trying to sound like I was in more control than I really was, "But only if he swallows all my cum."

Marc seemed to like what I said. 

"Are you going to swallow all my cum, faggot?" I asked.

Marc nodded his head without letting up on my cock. 

"Then take it," I said as my knees stiffened and I could feel the cum pumping up from my balls and right into Marc's mouth. He kept his word. He continued to suck on me, continued to fuck the hell out of April, then somehow managed to fill her with his own cum. April was bucking with pleasure herself, surely in the throes of an orgasm of her own. 

When I'd finished cumming, Marc let my cock loose from his mouth. April was there to suck it back to life, giving me a second erection that challenged the first. 

After that incident, work with Marc was never the same.