 I still look back fondly on the Summer of '96 .......... The Summer when I discovered sex. I'm 32 now and married with a good career in banking plus two gorgeous children, but my mind still wanders back to the 6 months between ending my exams and going to University.

As a child I'd always been considered chubby and was horrified when my boobs first appeared just before my 12th birthday; I then spent the next 6 years covering them up and hiding them under big baggy clothing so as not to draw any attention from the rougher kids at school. I hardly ever socialised for 5 or 6 years from the age of 12 apart from with a small group of other kids who were in my Maths and Science groups at school. I was what you would probably now call a Geek. 

I took after my Dad who is a very successful Accountant but as boring as Hell; unlike my Mum who was stunningly attractive and ran her own hairdressing salon and was the life and soul of the party with lots of friends. Dad spent most of his spare time at the Golf Club. I sometimes wondered how they'd got together or even stayed married for so long. 

Don't get me wrong; I wasn't 100% boring; after finding my Dads collection of dirty books one day I quickly became fascinated by sex. I would sneak a couple of magazines out when I was supposed to be doing homework and masturbate furiously while looking at the pictures and reading the erotic stories. My imagination ran riot and my fantasies became wilder and wilder as the stories became ever naughtier.

I had a few different boyfriends at this time and even had sex with two of them. Both went to my school and from the magazines that I was reading I knew that they weren't very experienced; leaving me happy to have lost my virginity but generally sexually frustrated. I much preferred wanking them off; then wiping their gunk onto a handkerchief that I would later sniff while masturbating in the comfort of my bedroom. 

As my exams came to an end; I began helping in the hair salon; sweeping up and making the coffees for the staff and clients. One of the girls who worked for Mum was called Gemma and was about the same age as me. She was from a village about three miles away and was the polar opposite of me. Gemma was very self-confident, drank, smoked and swore like a Trooper and she liked cock. Boy; did she like cock; any shape and any size (and any colour!); she just loved cock. From the stories that she regaled us with on a Monday morning I was surprised that she could still walk straight!

Gemma took great delight in embarrassing me with her juicy tales; and soon began probing me for information about my own meagre sex life. She even got me to confess that I was no longer a virgin; but I stopped short of telling her and the other women how much I liked wanking boys off. One day when it was quiet in the salon Gem took it upon herself to give me a makeover. Before I knew what was happening she had cut coloured and styled my hair then later that evening took me clothes shopping (funded by my Mum) at the local Mall. Some of the clothes that she suggested were very risqué and even low cut; not what I would normally feel comfortable wearing; but Gem insisted I try them on and when I did she compliment me on having a 'great tits and arse combo'! Her favourite expression was "If you've got it – flaunt it!" I must admit to feeling quite sexy when I looked in the full length mirror and seeing my huge cleavage pushed up and nearly out of one particular transparent top (which she made me buy). 

We also spent a small fortune on lingerie; not underwear but sexy stuff that I would never have dared look at never mind buy if I'd been on my own. At one stage the two of us were in a cubicle together trying on bras and the atmosphere was decidedly weird as we kept accidentally bumping into each other's boobs and Gem constantly telling me that she wished she had 'tits like mine', not the 'fried eggs' that she had. I told her that she had 'pretty tits' (a word I'd never used before) and from what she had told me the boys liked them anyway. Gem replied that she would 'go on the game' if she had 'tits and an arse like mine'. I think it was meant as a compliment.

The following day I wore a shortish grey skirt and cropped red cotton cardigan that she had selected; and left a couple of buttons undone to expose a little bit of my new pink bra and a lot of cleavage, like she had told me to do. I felt really embarrassed as I walked from the car park beside my Mum; who was visibly pleased at my transformation; but was pleasantly surprised at the smiles I got from a couple of men on their way to work. I suddenly felt like a brand new person; especially when the other women and my Mum all complimented me on my new image. 

My latest boyfriend, Adrian was intimidated by my sudden change and dropped me like a stone when I wore stockings and sexy undies one night and did a striptease for him; which was a shame because he had the biggest cock of my three 'lovers' but like the others only lasted a few seconds whenever we made love. Still, it was a great experience wanking him because he always produced a lot of creamy spunk for my handkerchief collection. By now I had advanced to occasionally borrowing one of Mummy's vibraters or sometimes large vegetables like carrots or cucumbers from the kitchen when I read Daddy's magazines. I absolutely loved the feeling of having a greased up cucumber filling my puss while I inhaled on a freshly spunked in handkerchief (the memory is making me tingle with excitement as I write this).

Gem invited me out with her friends a couple of times in the next week; but I resisted, until Mummy suggested that I should go with her and 'let my hair down'. I gave in and agreed to go to Town on the following Saturday night.

I met the girls in the Crown near the salon at the agreed time. I was wearing a cream merino wool wrap over dress that Gemma had suggested as 'it emphasised my hourglass figure'. I just thought my boobs would fall out at any minute and my arse really did 'look big in it', as the material clung to me like a second skin and my new non-wired bra offered no support at all and made my extra large boobs wobble when I teetered in the high heels I'd bought that afternoon. 

Gemma's friends were all dressed as tarty as my new best friend with short skirts that barely covered their backsides or hipster jeans that showed off their knickers when they moved. Their tops were all quite revealing and they all had so much make up on it looked like war paint. My new outfit and hairstyle fitted in perfectly. 

We had a couple of drinks in the Crown then got taxis to the Centre of Town. I had a fantastic time with a never ending series of guys buying me drinks and trying to chat me up; but Gemma kept a wary eye on me and chased off a couple of leery ones; although her own taste in men was suspect to say the least. 

As the night wore on we lost a few of the girls and eventually there were just four of us in a disco bar at about 10 o'clock. As we drunkenly jigged on the tiny dance floor we were joined by a group of guys who introduced themselves as rugby players from the local University. Because of my limited experience with men I thought that they were all bloody gorgeous! 

Stacey and Angela quickly disappeared because they didn't like students; leaving me and Gemma dancing with a couple of hunks. 

We soon retired to the bar and a tall statuesque blonde fella with a bent nose began drunkenly talking to me while his friend got us some drinks. I was mesmerised by his good looks but still had enough sense to make sure Gem was close by; even if she did have her tongue down a shaven headed guy with no neck's throat.

With sober hindsight the guys acted like lions in the jungle separating the wildebeest from the herd before they each 'went in for the kill'! 

"I'm Grant," the big blonde guy shouted into my ear without ever taking his eyes off my chest, "that's Si getting the drinks. What's your name?" 

"Laura." I replied as Si handed me a bottle of green alcopops.

"Luscious Laura." Grant slurred as he tried to keep the drool in his mouth as his face hovered over my bosoms. 

Grant and Si made small talk, but to be honest I could hardly hear what they were saying and was just revelling in the attention that they were paying to me and my bosoms. After half an hour Gemma grabbed my arm and dragged me to the toilets. She pulled me inside the cubicle and without batting an eyelid lit a cigarette, pulled her jeans and thong down to her knees and squatted over the bowl while she peed. I was absolutely stunned and couldn't take my eyes away from between her legs as she was completely pubeless and I could see the pee scooting from between her curly labia.

"So what do you think?" Gemma asked; as she wiped her puss with a tissue then pulled her knickers up while her fag dangled from her lips.

"Sorry?" I replied; not knowing what the Hell she had just said.

"They've asked us back to a flat for a party." She earnestly told me as she motioned for me to replace her on the toilet. I guessed that this was commonplace between the girls and not quite as kinky as I thought it was, so lifted my dress up to my waist and pulled my new white silk knickers down and squatted over the bowl. Although I needed to pee, I couldn't get anything to pass.

"Stage fright?" Gemma laughed as she exhaled a plume of smoke from her cigarette. "Shove a finger up; that usually works when I'm pissed."

I nervously smiled and squeezed until my pee flowed naturally.

"So?" Gemma returned to her previous subject, "Do you want to go back to the flat for a party?" 

"But there are only two of us." I said as I modestly wiped my puss and quickly pulled my knickers up.

"Well," she grinned and curled her lip before taking another drag, "he said it was a party but he just wants to fuck the arse off me and I'm more than fucking willing after feeling that fucking monster between his legs."

I looked shocked as Gemma finished her cigarette and threw it into the bowl. 

"We can get a taxi home after I'm finished." She winked and flushed the toilet, "what do you say?"

"I'm game!" I giggled.

"Don't let that big fucker hear you say that or else he'll fuck you six ways sideways!" Gem giggled as she squeezed my bum on the way out.

The three rugby players were waiting for us right outside the toilets (making sure we hadn't escaped).

Two minutes later the five of us were in the back of a black cab. Gem was straddling the guy with no neck and he was blatantly playing with her boobs inside her blouse. I was sitting between Grant and Si, who were both making no attempt at conversation – just leering at my boobs and telling me how 'fucking fantastic' they were.

"They're as big as my head!" Grant drunkenly laughed as he suddenly buried his face between them to prove his point. I did nothing to stop him and clung onto Simon to stop falling off the seat as the taxi hurled around a corner. 

"How big are they?" Simon asked as Grant threw an arm around my shoulder and pulled my chest towards him so he could lick the crevice between my globes.

I couldn't stop giggling and managed to tell him, "36EE." 

"They're fucking amazing", he slurred as he began stroking and cupping my left boob with his big hairy hand while Grant mauled the other without moving his face. "I bet you give amazing titty-fucks," Si whispered as he slid his hand inside my dress and caressed my boob through my soft bra.

Not knowing what he meant I just shrugged my shoulders and smiled innocently.

"You don't know what a titty-fuck is, do you?" He cackled as he squeezed my boob through my bra. "That's when I stick my cock between these whoppers and you jiggle them until I cum." He was now scratching my nipple with his fingernail making it get very stiff and noticeable.

My eyes nearly popped out of my head at the thought.

"Are you going to give me a titty-fuck?" Si asked with a twinkle in his eye. I nodded furiously and pulled Grant further into my bosom. 

By the time the taxi arrived at the flat Gemma was still straddling no-neck, but had swivelled around and from what I could see was rubbing her crotch against his cock so fast I half expected to see smoke. 

As Si opened the door to the flat Grant took hold of me and began kissing me. I was taken aback but quickly responded by sticking my tongue into his mouth and twisting it around his. The big fella grabbed my bum with both hands as we snogged on the step and began shaking my booty as he pressed his hard-on against me. 

Gem was totally ignoring me now as no-neck dragged her into his bedroom as soon as the door was opened. I went into the living room with Grant and Si. The atmosphere was incredibly charged as Si grabbed 3 cans of beer from the fridge and handed them around. The guys looked a bit embarrassed and weren't sure who was going to make the first move. I was now very aware of how drunk I was and didn't say a word as I sipped my beer. As Si put the radio on I flopped onto the sofa. 

The guys looked at each other then me for guidance but remained standing. I got a sudden shot of courage and patted the cushion next to me. Si's face lit up and he immediately joined me. I looked at him with a big grin on my face – hoping he knew what I wanted him to do. He got the message and deftly unknotted the bow on my dress and flung it open exposing my underwear and even more of my cleavage.

"Holy fuck!" he gasped as he held his hands out to stroke my boobs. For a big rugged man his touch was incredibly gentle; which made his strokes very sensual. I was shaking with excitement as he tickled my nipples through my bra and stared like a man in a trance.

Grant was now sitting on my other side and began pulling my dress off. I shuffled my bottom to free it and he dropped it on the floor leaving me just wearing my bra and silk knickers. Thankfully the alcohol had lowered my inhibitions and I slid onto my back as Si moved forward to kiss me. He was soon lying on top and forcing his tongue down my throat as Grant played with my boobs. Si quickly began rubbing his cock against my crotch as we mashed our lips together. Without breaking our kiss he shuffled his body to try and unfasten his jeans. It was proving difficult so I started to help; eventually getting them down to his knees at the same time that Grant pulled my boobs out of my bra. 

Si finally broke the kiss and stood up to remove his shirt and jeans as Grant pushed me up to take my bra off. They both gasped when my globes were finally in view. Although I'd been embarrassed about them for a few years, I was also aware from Daddy's porn mags that they were actually a popular shape because they were big and bouncy. 

My eyes were only on Si's jockey shorts – the bulge in the front looked very appetising. He swiftly pulled them down and his stiff cock sprung into view. It was my turn to gasp now – it looked gorgeous as the purple head peaked out of the foreskin. 

As he moved towards my boobs his cock swung from side to side (which looked a little bit funny). He was now straddling my tummy and slapping my nipples with his cock then placed it between then.

"Push your titties together." He grinned; I grabbed my boobs with both hands and squashed them around his stiffy like two big burger buns around a hotdog. "Now shake them." I'd never touched my boobs like this before; but it was fun as I shook them and made his cock bounce. Si was soon glowing like a beacon and panting very quickly as his cock kept appearing and disappearing in and out of my cleavage. I began giggling nervously, especially when a little pearl of pre-cum appeared out of the tiny eye. 

"Spit on it." He grunted, "Spit on it, make it wetter." Without thinking I began spitting on his bell end until his cock began gliding between my boobs with the greatest of ease.

"Fucking hell, man!" He moaned to Grant as he rocked back and forth between my boobies, "This is out of the fucking world!" I guessed that for all his bravado he'd never actually done this before either. 

It was very exciting watching my boobs wobble around his cock which was getting stiffer all the time, with the knob now completely out of its hood.

I was lost in my own little world until I felt Grant pulling at my knickers. Without a second thought I lifted my bum so he could pull them off. A second later he had pulled my legs apart by the thighs and was stroking my curly labia and pubic hair. As he shuffled to get comfortable I curled a leg over one of his shoulders, Simon edged forward until his knob was nearly touching my mouth when it popped out of my boobs.

"Open your mouth." He grunted through gritted teeth as Grant began licking my pussy. I opened my mouth and his knob began brushing my lips. I couldn't resist and flicked my tongue out until it touched the hot velvety tip.

I'd never kissed or sucked a cock before and only one boy had ever tried to lick me; but stopped to gag after a minute or so.

I was soon shaking with excitement as Grants tongue separated my pussy flaps and he began lapping up my thick pussy juice and occasionally flicking my sensitive clitty. 

Simon was now rocking faster and faster as I shook my titties as hard as I could.

I suddenly yelped when I felt Grant stick a finger or two up my puss as he feverishly licked my slit making me purr and grunt at the same time. His fingers were twisting inside me giving me a slight uncomfortable feeling but I definitely didn't want him to stop so shuffled my bum to get comfortable. I looked up to see Simons' face getting contorted and his nostrils flaring as he tried to stop himself cumming; but he couldn't and I didn't want him too either, so I speeded up my boob shaking until he threw his head back and let out a guttural gasp followed by a jet of creamy man juice shooting out of his purple knob and landing on my neck. I was mesmerised as I kept shaking my boobs and even more spewed out into the crevice that I'd created. The smell was intoxicating and I couldn't get over how much there actually was.

I was still thoroughly enjoying what Grant was doing at the other end, especially when he pushed my thigh further back with his shoulder and he wiggled his fingers deep inside my sticky pussy. My movement dislodged Simon as he was squeezing the last drops of cum onto my titties and he fell slightly forward and I almost immediately had a mouth full of trembling cock. This wasn't how I'd expected my first experience of cock sucking to be. I lay motionless as he moved his hips so his shrinking cock fucked my face. He began cackling with excitement when I held my head back and his wilting shaft filled my mouth until his hairy balls rested on my chin. 

He couldn't hold the position for very long and ended up scrambling off the sofa and scraping his cock across my face. I only had a few seconds to get my thoughts together when Grant stood up and grabbed my ankles in one swift motion. The next I knew was Simon's cold spunk was running off my boobs and onto my neck as I was being positioned onto my shoulders. I looked over my chest to see Grant's cock swinging like a pink baton next to my hairy pussy. He had a delirious grin on his face as he lurched forward and his cock banged against the side of my prickling slit making me grimace. I swung it again and this time it hit the target, nudging into my hole. I felt as if my eyes would pop out when he slid his length deep inside me as my knees were now pressed against my chest. 

It was his turn to cackle now as he fucked me like a man possessed; while I made occasional meowing and grunting noises; and shouting "Yes....yes.....YEEESSS!" His cock felt like a baseball bat as it filled my belly and stretched my puss more than any of Mummy's sex toys ever had. 

As he battered my puss Simon appeared beside my head and turned my face until he could slide his cock back into my mouth properly. I was unable to stop him, even if I'd wanted to! I couldn't make out what he was saying as I sucked and slurped while he cradled my head and made occasional thrusts to force it into my throat. I didn't think that I'd ever experience sex like this in my wildest masturbatory dreams and definitely not with any my previous boyfriends. 
