 I freely admit that it felt like an eternity while we waited outside the private conference room where Shelby, Cherry, and Ray settled the final details of the Contreras divorce between them. It had been somewhat easier and quicker for Nydia and Daryl, as theirs was simply an annulment and an uncontested one at that.

There were no property issues other than returning Nydia's stuff to her to deal with there. With the Contrerases, however, they had to make sure that it was a fair division of marital assets and such, one acceptable to all parties, while Shelby had to be as impartial as possible per legal and professional ethics. The last thing that she wanted was to risk disbarment, which was why she hadn't hit on Cherry again yet.

Meanwhile, I occupied that Saturday morning partly by reading magazines and partly by flirting with gorgeous women. Nor was this limited to Ninve, Sandra, and Nydia, who now waited with me. Shelby's clerk, Josie, had seemingly made it her mission to get me as uncomfortably aroused as she could, as she toyed with her luscious strawberry-blonde hair and flaunted her cleavage. To make matters worse, Ana sent me a text from my old workplace telling me that Teresa and she both had surprises in store for me, something which just fueled imagination. The fact that none of my harem seemed stunned by this news indicated that they might be in on whatever conspiracy this was.

Finally, of course, I decided to go to the men's room for a chance to think. When Josie followed me into the men's room, however, it was apparent that I wouldn't get an opportunity for that. It was especially obvious once she unzipped my pants and got as much of my cock into her mouth in a hurry as she possibly could. There was no attempt to explain her motives, but then no explanation was necessary. This was lust, nothing more. Josie was another case in point that I tended to end up fucking girls in restrooms, public or private.

"I knew it," Ninve's voice asserted behind me.

"Was it that obvious, Princess?" I asked her, while Josie continued to suck my dick.

"Honey, that look in Josie's eyes is the same one that I get whenever I can't resist the urge to seduce you. I applaud her excellent taste in men, of course. More power to her. Just make sure to get it up again later. I'm horny, too. So are the others, including Shelby. I can just tell. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised at all if Ray and Daryl wanted you to fuck them, though I can understand if you don't swing that way. Still, if you did, it would be incredibly hot to watch.

"Josie, if I were you, I'd have him fuck my pussy this time around. That way, there's at least a chance of a baby from this. In fact, if you want to go off the Pill and fuck him regularly to get knocked up, you'd have my blessing and that of his other women. Then again, that's also true if you just wanted to use him for pleasure. Speaking for myself, though, there is no greater turn-on than having Mark's baby. It's not just the act of him putting a bun in your oven, either. It's all that wild, passionate sex you have after you conceive by him. It's hard to imagine what it's like, especially when you live with the guy, which I highly recommend both to you and your boss lady," Ninve encouraged Josie while now caressing her tits.

"Oh, trust me, Ninve. I'm already off the Pill. I got off it when Shelby told me that Cherry advised her to quit it, and she passed that counsel on to me. Shelby basically proposed that we both have kids by the same guy, though she didn't tell me it was Mark. She just said that Cherry had met a man who was worth getting preggers. When Mark showed up, both of us could tell it was him by the way that Cherry and Nydia acted around him, not to mention the rest of you. Any man who could make mother and daughter want to share him must be something of a stud, right?" Josie assured us.

"It's exactly like that, Josie dear. Just hike up that miniskirt of yours and let Mark have you. You won't regret it. By the way, you won't mind if I assist, will you?" Ninve urged us.

"Assist how?" Josie wondered.

"I want to shove my tits in your face and have you suck on them. How about it? Drink my breast milk while Mark fucks you from behind," Ninve proposed something rather unexpected, much to our delight.

It didn't take long before Josie's panties were at her ankles and then on the floor, while her skirt was raised and my cock was balls deep inside her delectable cunt. Nor was it much longer until Josie's lips engulfed Ninve's nipples, actually sucking out her milk. It was a fantastic sight, which only heightened my excitement while I pounded her sweet snatch and she drank from my Assyrian's tits. I had zero experience with and little knowledge of adult nursing relationships, but this first occasion absolutely blew my mind as I witnessed my princess feeding this lovely French-Canadian while I fucked Josie in her bent position.

"Mon Dieu!" Josie exclaimed, as I continued to fuck her hard and fast.

It was now trickier for Josie, but she still managed to suck hard on Ninve's tits, multitasking being motivated by the prospect of more milk from that delightful bosom. Ninve also ran her fingers through Josie's hair and caressed her face while she nursed her. The pair of them were obviously so excited by this splendid threesome that I drew even more enthusiasm from each of them, feeding off it just as Josie fed off Ninve herself. The idea that Josie could soon return the favor made it even more delicious as I rammed her from behind. I wanted very much to knock her up, and that was precisely what I did.

Just as Shelby walked into the men's room, waving the divorce papers and planting a kiss on my lips, I finally shot my load into Josie's cunt. There was little doubt in my mind that I would put a child in her belly, and that naturally happened as expected here. Shelby stood in evident fascination as Josie and Ninve now came as well, before she at last walked up to me to make her announcement.

"We have a deal, Mark, and naturally, I hope to celebrate this tonight by having you fuck me raw. The divorce will be final in two months, and the annulment much sooner than that. First, however, you need to recover and Cherry's pussy is calling my name. I crave its sweetness, which fits her nickname. So, if you'll excuse me, I have a lesbian crush to act on now," Shelby winked at me, stopping only to moon me a couple of times as she left the men's room.

If I thought that I was about to return to the lobby, I was very wrong. Ninve knelt in just the right position and gestured for me to stand right in front of her. When I did so, she put her hands on my dick and started sliding it between her tits. I hadn't generally done any such thing before with her breasts, but I didn't mind it at all. It actually felt great, to actively hump her bosom like that, while she looked up at me with complete worship. There was no other way to describe the look in her lovely gray-green eyes as I moved my cock between her boobs.

While Ninve serviced me with her tits, I felt first one tongue, and then two, between my cheeks, rimming my ass. It wasn't long before I had Sandra kissing my neck, while it became obvious that Nydia and Josie were the ones licking my crack. My cock recovered faster than I expected, and Sandra bent over for me, lifting her dress as she pleaded with her eyes for me to fuck her. Ninve started running her tongue along the length of my dick as I entered Sandra. My petite blond Assyrian pharmacist with her light olive skin was definitely showing my child, but at this point, it was still early enough that I could fuck her without inducing labor or anything like that.

In relatively short order, I had the right pace going, as I thrust in and out of Sandra's sweet slit in several powerful strokes. She eagerly met me with her delightful hips, and soon I saw her suck on Ninve's tits while I pounded. This thrilled all three of us, but the excitement was far from over. When Josie began licking my balls and Nydia started rimming Sandra's tush, I felt the heat building in my loins as a new load of jizz was prepared, this time for Sandra's benefit. I could hear her moans as well, while she was nursed by her fellow Assyrian princess, Ninve, who began moaning, too. Evidently, nursing other women was a turn-on for her. I made a mental note to exploit that in the future.

It didn't improve my ability to hold back my seed when I heard other moans as well. Some came from the ladies' room at first, but then Cherry burst through the door with Shelby in tow, and the moans followed her as she munched on the sexy attorney with the white-blonde hair. It was apparently Cherry's turn to eat pussy, and she proved to be a very cunning linguist. Nor did Cherry limit her efforts to that hole. Taking a cue from Nydia, who was still rimming Sandra, she slipped her tongue between Shelby's buns, eating the lawyer's ass with flagrant delight.

It wasn't much longer until Nydia was so horny that she grabbed Josie and shoved her face between her thighs. The ginger, far from resenting this, put her heart and soul into eating Nydia out, soon including her butt as well as her cunt. She seemed to take it as a personal challenge to lick every square inch of flesh below the waist, making Nydia pant with her excitement. Everything that Cherry did to Shelby, Josie emulated and vice versa, as if both sets of women competed to pleasure each other the most.

When first Shelby and then Nydia came, what followed brought a whole new level of intimacy to my growing harem. Nydia planted a French kiss on her own mother that was undeniably erotic and Cherry didn't back away. Instead, she tangled her tongue with her daughter's for several minutes before pushing Nydia's face down to her breasts to feed again. Josie, meanwhile, knelt to quite literally kiss her boss lady's ass, not to mention rim it as well.

Seeing that, Nydia descended until she had her mouth on her mother's pussy and dove in with her tongue for the sheer thrill of licking Cherry's cunt. She didn't just lick her way down, however. She kissed the entire path along her mother's skin until she reached the mound of Venus, and then sucked on the clit for several seconds as well. Lesbian incest seemed to be her newest fascination, whereas before she had wanted to seduce her father. This was a line that the mother and daughter had both skirted before, but now Nydia stepped over it and reveled in doing so. To eat her own mother out, even to the point of soon licking her taint and ass, imitating Josie, was truly inspired. The look in Cherry's eyes as she felt her daughter's tongue exploring her lower body was one of absolute bliss.

When, however, Cherry came from her daughter's oral services and Shelby from Josie's, followed by Ninve and Sandra each having their climaxes, it was too much. Those scenes, combined with the slight risk of being discovered by some partner, client, or staffer of Shelby's firm in flagrante delicto, led me to shoot out my spunk into Sandra's silky soft snatch. We all collapsed for a moment before getting dressed again, though I made a point of not washing off my Assyrian slut's juices from my dick. I loved it when my cock smelled like pussy, after all.

"Hot damn, that was terrific, but now I have to file the divorce papers. Thank you for the orgy, though. I want an encore tonight, after work, of course. It was so damn delicious, as are all of you. I can't wait to get knocked up by Mark and devour both Ninve and Sandra, too. Trust me, guys, I know how to use my tongue, as you will see. I hope that you like the taste of my pussy and ass as well, as you are welcome to dine on them. Anyway, see you then, lovers. Josie, as much fun as this was, you also need to get back to work. Still, is it okay if she joins us tonight?" Shelby raised the issue.

"A fantastic idea, Shelby. I would love to add both of you to my harem, if that's fine with you," I remarked as we walked toward the door.

"Merci, monsieur! You will not regret this!" Josie exclaimed in a mix of French and English.

"If I am in your harem, do I have your permission to resign from this firm and work as your personal attorney? Granted, there are about fifty legal ethics issues that could be raised, but I imagine that you would have a vested interest in helping me avoid disbarment. Josie would leave with me, I think, right, Josie?" Shelby whispered as she left the john.

"Works for me. As long as we have the money to keep you on retainer, I think," I agreed.

"Hey now. Don't forget, Mark, honey, that I'm filthy rich now. I will pay her retainer for all of us," Cherry reminded me.

"Point taken. Glad to have you with us, both of you. What would Josie do for you, however?" I wondered.

"Everything that she does now, of course, and then some. Trust me, she's a gem, in case you haven't realized that already," Shelby assured me with a deviant grin.

"So, now we have a family lawyer. That sounds pretty damn good to me. You should move in with us, too," I proposed, since they were both going to be part of the harem.

"Both of us?" they asked in unison.

"Both of you. I like the idea, anyway," I declared, rather honestly in fact.

"Same here. Really, all of your ladies should move in with you. Then we could all have daily access to and use of your cock," Nydia asserted.

"My sentiments exactly," Ninve concurred.

"Well, this has been discussed, and I agree in principle. We just have to find ways to make it more practical, whenever we can. Who exactly are we counting as part of the harem, besides those of you here? Ana, Teresa? I wouldn't mind them moving in at all, of course," I supported their position.

"Plus Lucy and Ashley. Don't forget them, dear," Sandra reminded me.

"Well, I haven't had Ashley yet, but I expect that will change very soon indeed," I smiled as we prepared to leave the office.

"That will be very good news for them, as well as us, naturally. Especially for Ashley, I think," Cherry winked at me, as we headed on some errands before going home.

The first thing that was odd when I stepped inside my house hours later was that it was unlocked. The next thing proved be Ana rushing to greet me and showing off her new copy of my house keys. That further smacked of a conspiracy, as did her knowing wink at Ninve and the others. What followed was then a hot breath on my neck, and then a hand slipping down the back of my pants to fondle my ass. Before I said another word, Ana stuck her fingers down the front to stroke my cock and balls as well.

"How's your surprise, baby?" Teresa asked me from behind as she continued to rub my cheeks.

"Fantastic, actually. So you two got copies of the house keys. I wonder where you acquired those?" I laughed while two of my former bosses groped me.

"Guilty as charged. I lent mine to them just long enough for them to copy it and move themselves in. I just wanted to mentally prepare earlier for what was coming. From the looks of it and the sound of what you said before, it seems I was right to surprise you," Ninve confessed as she closed the front door.

"Well done, then. Girls, why don't you make this easier and remove my pants as my shoes? No need for those, is there?" I suggested.

"Splendid idea, honey," Ana agreed as she pulled my pants off and Teresa took off my shoes.

I was soon completely naked from the waist down and the object of the two ladies' manipulation as they resumed fondling my cock, balls, and ass. Then my shirt was off, courtesy of Ninve, who pressed her tits against my back while kissing my neck. Sandra started French kissing me while Nydia and Cherry caressed my chest and belly. I was so busy with the tongue action I didn't say anything for several minutes, at least not until Sandra apparently decided to catch her breath. That only lasted maybe a minute, just long enough for me to say something at last.

"Well, girls, I see that you've made your point. Welcome home," I announced with a grin.

"Hey, baby, I love hearing you talk, don't get me wrong, but right now, my tongue isn't finished with yours," Sandra declared as she resumed the kissing with a vengeance.

At that point, the ladies seemed to focus on using their mouths and tongues. Ana had my cock in her mouth, sucking and licking like she feared that she would get no other chance to do so. Teresa began rimming me with gusto, seemingly delighting in the idea of licking me from my crack almost to my balls. Nydia sucked and licked my balls with obvious enthusiasm, while Cherry ran her tongue along my chest and Ninve from my neck to nearly my tailbone. I nearly came more than once from the intensity of their oral teamwork, covering so much of my flesh with their mouths and tongues. I had to really hold myself back from cumming too soon, of course, as I had plans for that spunk and it involved making a baby or two.

"Ready to fuck, lover?" Ana invited me, interrupting this oral extravaganza at last.

"For that, I am always ready, baby," I asserted, as Ana lifted her sundress to show me that she was all commando, not even bothering with a bra.

While Teresa eased open Ana's pussy lips with her fingers, I thrust until I was deep inside what proved to be a very wet cunt. Once I was balls deep, I steadily intensified my strokes, raising the pace and momentum as I continued to fuck Ana from behind. While I did that, Teresa lubed up my asshole and slid her fingers inside me to pleasure me through my prostate. She also made it extremely hard not to cum more than once, but I wanted to wait for a little longer, thank you very much. I knew that she was deliberately working to make more cum for me to shoot out into Ana, and that only excited me more. I started ramming Ana more vigorously, while Teresa continued her ass play, her other hand now stroking my balls for extra excitement.

At last, especially with the rougher sex, Ana really exploded, creaming herself on my dick while I fucked her so furiously. I was further excited by her earthy, sweaty flesh no longer covered by the sundress. It was a reminder of just how beautiful Ana truly was when so worked up, her breasts heaving under her body as I pounded her pussy without a shred of mercy. She screamed with her rather forceful climax as she tightened up on my cock, forced me to expel my seed at last, as I simply couldn't hold it in for another second.

"That was terrific, honey, but now it's my turn," Teresa informed, as she knelt to suck my cock and keep it from going soft yet.

"Your pussy needs some cock, too, baby?" I teased Teresa before I pulled Ana up and kissed her fiercely on the mouth with a lot of tongue.

"My pussy always needs it, but right now, I owe you some ass. I fucked your ass last Halloween, but so far, my chance to give you mine has passed by until now. Now it's time to pay up. My ass is yours for however long you want it, and I don't just mean tonight. Tonight is just the down payment," Teresa notified me with a rather searing kiss.

"What do you exactly mean by that? You only took my ass once, so why wouldn't one time pay the debt?" I asked, curiously, not that I exactly objected to the possible outcome.

"Two reasons. The first is that I also owe you interest as well as the principal. The second is that I want you to own my ass. Plain and simple. I want to sign it over to you. Officially. I'm not kidding, either. Until the anal debt is paid, this ass is now the private property of Mark Schumacher. It will not cease to be I've paid it off in full and it's not even up to me anymore. I decided that an arbiter chosen by you as the creditor should decide that. What do you say?" she shocked me by announcing this and dropping her bathrobe to reveal her naked state.

"Alright, then, you'd better bend over, because this talk of butt-fucking really makes me want to fuck your sweet ass hard," I ordered, noting how hard my cock stayed thanks to this whole situation, when it would normally get very soft by now.
