 A note to my readers:

Much of this story is true, so I've divided it into three chapters. Chapter one (History) is true. Chapter two (Visit One) is also true. Chapter three, (Visit Two) is my fantasy of what I hope will happen soon. For those of you who have read my profile and/or chatted with me in the Nudist Resort room on Lit Chat, much of My History and Visit One will be very familiar to you. Also, for those of you who have read my story "Golden Girls", you will recognize the setting, as it is very real, and I wrote that story about that wonderful place from my memories of my first visit there.

*****

My History

I was a virgin when I got married at twenty eight years old. I often hear "How is that possible in this day and age?" The answer is complicated, but it boils down to two things: First, I grew up in a very strict, very conservative, very religious home in a very small town in West Texas (less than a thousand people). Secondly, for whatever reason, I was not a sexual person. Sex simply wasn't important to me.

My husband was a wonderful man who just happened to be a terrible lover. I didn't know the difference for sure, and surely not from experience, but I knew something wasn't right. Orgasms, which I'd heard a lot about from the girls in high school and college eluded me. Masturbation was another thing I'd heard about, but I'd never tried it.

And then my life was turned upside down. My husband was a roofing salesman. He made pretty good money, so we didn't struggle financially. Part of his job required him to get up on roofs and measure them so he could put together an estimate for the homeowner. A few days short of our second wedding anniversary and before having children, he fell head first off a roof onto the driveway and died almost instantly from a crushed skull and broken neck.

Naturally, things were crazy for a while after that. The owners of the company he was working for were afraid I'd sue them for something, so they bent over backward to help me. They even gave me a job doing computer work for them—which I could do from home. They did ask me to come to the office sometimes, and even go to see problem customers who wouldn't pay for one reason or another. They found that I was pretty good at collecting from those customers, and soon, I became a valued member of the company.

I used the life insurance money to buy a beautiful home in a quiet little suburb. It had two bedrooms, two baths, and a beautiful kitchen. The backyard had a pool, a hot tub, and a nice privacy fence.

* * *

A few months into my new job, the boss asked me to go see a couple who had some issues with the way we'd done their roofing job. I didn't know that much about roofing—not enough to bullshit a homeowner, and they appreciated that. My job was to insure them they'd chosen the right company to do their job, and that we'd stand by it a hundred percent.

The business part of my discussion with that couple lasted thirty minutes or so, and then they offered me a drink. Over the next hour, we became fast friends. The shocker came when they revealed to me quite boldly that they were swingers. They were going to be attending a swinger's party later that evening, and they invited me to go with them. Of course, I declined.

Later at home, and after another two drinks, I said "What the fuck! Why not?" So I called them up and accepted their invitation.

I'm not sure what I expected to see at a "swing party", perhaps people screwing all over the place, but it wasn't like that at all. It was like any other party. People were dancing and standing around talking in small groups. No one was naked. No one was making out, and no one was having sex. The couple I was there with seemed to know everyone, and fortunately they never left me alone. They stayed right by my side. She whispered to me once, "Hun, all the sex is going on in the back room. If you want to see it, I'll take you back there." I let her know I didn't care to see it.

I drank a lot that night—more than I can ever remember drinking. I woke up the next morning in bed between them. My brain was on fire trying to remember the events of the night before. I could remember the party clearly, at least the first part of it. I remembered dancing with him. I remembered dancing with her and her slithering her body against mine during the dance. But how did I end up in bed naked between them?

I needed to pee really badly, but they were both asleep. I didn't want to wake them, so I lay there and suffered, all the while trying to figure out how I'd gotten there. What the hell had happened to wind me up naked in bed between them? Did we have sex? 

People in chat always ask me, "What happened then?" and "What happened next?" All of that is not what this story is about. Suffice it to say that we did have sex. Over the next two years, we had virtually every kind of sex a threesome can have. I had one on one sex with her, and I came to love it. I had one on one sex with him, and I learned to love it. But the best was when it was all three of us.

I spent three to five days and nights a week at their home, but I didn't move in with them. In their home, I had a closet and some toiletries, but I lived in my home. We became friends. We went shopping together, bowling, dancing, lunches, dinners, horse back riding. I came to love them, individually and together.

They introduced me to new things. Not least among those things was nudism. They took me to a nudist camp two times, and I loved it. I became addicted to the freedom and liberation of being naked outdoors and in front of others.

Almost two years into our relationship, my world was turned upside down again. He was transferred to Chicago. They had to move away. I was devastated.

One of the things they did prior to moving was to tell me about a couple who were great friends of theirs. That couple had a beautiful place in the woods an hour south of where we lived near Montgomery, AL.

That couple were swingers, but they didn't play with singles, male or female. And they were older. At the time, she was fifty eight, and he was sixty one. "Gina, their place is exceptional and they are exceptional. You must go there and experience that place, and them."

"For sex?" I questioned them, somewhat defensive.

"No Gina. They don't play with singles. You just need to go and experience the place. You will be perfectly safe."

"Why can't you go with me?"

He grabbed my shoulders firmly, "No, my love, we will be gone soon, and you need to learn to spread your wings. You must learn to enjoy yourself without us."

I cried.

* * *

The First Visit

My heart was racing as I came to the spilt in the road. That's when I was supposed to call him. "Call me when you get to the split, and I'll head up to the gate to let you in. After three miles, slow down and watch for the white fence on the left. I'll be waiting there on the ATV."

It wasn't a fancy gate. Had he not been waiting there on the ATV, I'd have driven right by it. After turning in, he came to my window. "Pull up a little. I'll lock the gate and then you can follow me down to the house. Stay a ways behind me so the gravel doesn't fly up and break your windshield."

He was wearing a white sauna robe that he didn't bother keeping closed in the front. He was, as advertised, a very slender man, salt and pepper hair—more salt than pepper. But he seemed very pleasant, unassuming, and welcoming.

After following him down the long curvy drive that wound a quarter mile through the woods, he stopped the ATV, jumped out and showed me where to park. Then he approached my car and opened my driver's door. "Do you have a bag?"

"In the backseat."

"I'll get it. Watch your step going down to the house. It's treacherous."

It was too. The hill was steep and the soil was washed out from the recent rains. But I couldn't help but notice how beautiful the place was. The log cabin looking house was built on a steep hill, the front low to the ground, and the back many feet above the ground. It had a full wrap around porch. At the bottom of the hill, was a large pond that was surrounded with grass, and beyond the grass, tall pines with thick undergrowth. An L shaped dock on the near side of the pond looked inviting for fishing or swimming.

Inside the house was awesome too. The security device announced my entry "Front Door Open". And then I was in the great room, the living room ahead of me, the kitchen off to the right set off by a granite counter, and the dining room to the left of that. The rock fireplace to the left was impressive, with the large TV hovering over the hearth.

Becky was in the kitchen preparing lunch. She was naked—but I knew in advance they were nudists. Behind me, Steve had already doffed his robe, so he was naked too. They both seemed perfectly at ease in their nudity.

When Becky saw me, her face lit up with a wide smile, "Hi Gina. We're so glad you could make it. I hope you like chicken and veggies."

Their home was beautiful, all sculptured yet natural wood, floors, walls and ceiling. The only thing that wasn't wood was the counters which were granite.

I began removing my blue jeans, "I feel a little overdressed."

Becky laughed out loud, "Please don't feel that way. Just be comfortable. You don't have to be nude here, but you are welcome to if you want."

* * *

That evening, Becky and I walked down the hill to the dock on the pond. I'm not sure where Steve was, perhaps watching out one of the open windows, perhaps not . . . it didn't matter. We were nude and loving it—at least I was.

She threw out a handful of food and the fish began churning the water below us. She was giggling like a school girl, "The big ones eat first, so now we have to throw some over here on the other side so the little ones can get some."

As I watched her, I had to wonder what it would be like to live like this every day. What would it be like to be nude all the time, inside and out, free to get up in the morning, walk outside totally naked and scream at the world "Here I am, take it or leave it."

Becky was, after all, not Barbie. She was a bit chunky. She had beautiful breasts, but her body was what you might imagine one to be at her age. She didn't seem to notice or care. God, I was jealous of her. She was totally comfortable in her skin and her age.

Contrary to her, I was very critical of myself. I was much taller at 5'10", and I had wide shoulders and hips. My redeeming factor was my long slender legs . . . I am almost all legs. I do have nice boobs, but they don't look big on my long wide body. Becky, on the other hand, was shorter, more compact, chunky, heavy thighs, but the cutest face and boobs you can imagine. It took all of my restraint to keep from reaching out and feeling them.

I'm not gay. Hell, I'm not sure I'm even bi. After all, I'd only been with one woman, but Becky was appealing to me. It wasn't so much her body, but her attitude. I envied her.

* * *

That night in my bedroom, which was right over the master bedroom, I couldn't sleep. There was sex happening right below me . . . loud, obvious sex. Finally, I got up and went down to the great room. I sat in the stuffed recliner and turned on the TV above the fireplace.

I'd only been there a few minutes when the door to the master bedroom opened and Steve walked out. He was still totally naked, an empty glass in each hand, and his hard cock waving proudly in front of him. He looked mortified, "Oh, god, I'm so sorry. I thought you were upstairs."

"I'm sorry. I couldn't sleep."

He held up the two empty glasses, "Just need to refill these, sorry." And then he continued his journey to the kitchen, his angry cock leading the way.

A minute or two later, the door to the master bedroom closed again, and I was alone in the great room.

* * *

The next morning, Becky and I were having our coffee on the swing on the back porch. Steve was already down on the dock fishing. He had an obvious boner. Becky apologized, "Sorry about that. It's just residual from the Viagra he had last night."

"It's okay. I understand. It sounded like you two had a lot of fun last night."

"Yes we did. I'm sorry if we kept you up."

"You didn't." I lied.

* * *

Later that evening, the three of us were in the hot tub. It was awesome, but after several minutes, Becky turned off the jets. When the water settled, we were just sitting there talking, but the water was crystal clear, and it was obvious that her husband had another hard on.

"Gina, will you go mix us another round of drinks?" But as I was taking up the empty glasses, she half whispered "Don't hurry. I need to take care of him."

After I'd dried myself and went inside to make the drinks, I peeked outside. Steve was sitting on the side of the hot tub, and Becky was giving him a blowjob. I turned on the TV and busied myself searching through the channels, peaking outside every few minutes to see if they were finished.

Finally, they were sitting side by side again, so I gathered up the fresh drinks and went back outside to the hot tub. After I handed them their drinks, I climbed in. I wasn't going to mention anything about what had happened, but Becky spoke right up, "Thanks, Gina."

"Wh . .. . what?"

She laughed out loud, "He hasn't been so hard so much in years. So thank you."

I tried to recover, "It's just the Viagra."

It was his turn to laugh, "Yeah, that's it . . . combined with the wonderful company."

Becky chimed in, "Company hell, he just likes gawking at your tits."

There was no response I could think of to that, so I just sunk a little further in the water.

* * *

The next morning after breakfast, Steve donned his robe, fired up the ATV and escorted me to the gate.

After such a wonderful time of being free to be nude—even more wonderful than at the nudist camp, save for the absence of a pool, my clothes now seemed to be burning my flesh. I backed up my car, stepped out and stripped right there on the drive. I would make the hour drive home naked. 

Steve was laughing. "I have the same thought every time I have to drive through this gate."

His last words to me before locking gate behind me were, "You are welcome back anytime."

* * *

Visit Two (my fantasy)

"Hey Becky, this is Gina. I was thinking about taking a few days off of work, and I was hoping you might let me come back out there for a day or two."

"Hun, you are welcome out here anytime. We told you that. When would you like to come?"

"I was thinking about tomorrow. I know it's short notice, but is that okay?"

"Of course, Hun. We'd love to have you, and you can stay as long as you want."

* * *

This time, when Steve met me at the gate, he laughed again. I had my window down and the sun roof open. I was already naked, except for my shoes. "Go on ahead. I'll lock the gate and be right there."

After parking, I could have gone down the hill and into the house, but I didn't. I waited for Steve to show up on the ATV. He didn't have to walk down the steep rugged hill. I remembered last time he'd driven the ATV down the hill and parked right in front of the house. When he arrived, I had my thumb up, pretending to be a hitchhiker. He grinned and pulled to a stop. I threw my bag in the bed of the ATV and spread my towel on the seat beside him.

"Gina!" Becky screeched, almost running toward me for a tight hug.

Steve laughed out loud, "Damn, a full titty hug. I'm jealous."

"Awwww, I'm sorry." I giggled, "You should give him one." I said to Becky.

She grinned, "I don't think that's what he had in mind." And then she added, "Go on, Hun. I don't mind."

So I did. I walked right over to Steve. He'd already tossed his robe onto the sofa, and I just did it. I gave him a full body hug, but only for a few seconds. I didn't want to give Becky any reason to get upset and spoil my second visit before it even got started.

* * *

"I was going to start something for lunch soon. Do you have any requests?" Becky asked me.

"Honestly, I can't even think about food right now. All I can think about is getting out there in the sun. I know it's early, but I wouldn't mind a light drink to take with me."

"Screwdriver?"

"That would be perfect."

When she handed me the drink in a large plastic cup, she asked me, "Do you want some company, or would you prefer some alone time?"

I put a hand on her arm and looked her in the eyes, "I don't want to throw off your routine. You don't have to entertain me. I just really appreciate you letting me come out here to enjoy your beautiful place again."

"Hun, you should know by now we don't have a routine out here. We just do what we want to do, when we want to do it. Time is relative out here. So, feel free to go enjoy yourself in the sun. If you want company, just say so. One of us will be happy to go with you to help you watch for rattlesnakes. Either way, don't forget to smile and wave at the helicopters."

The helicopters, yes, how could I forget the helicopters? Becky and Steve's place was right in the middle of the training flight path of the nearby army base. They flew over the place all day and all night. "Do you think they even notice?"

My question sent both Becky and Steve into a wild fit of laughter. Finally, Steve was able to speak, "Gina, we know they notice. We are good friends with the head flight instructor. We go to parties at their house. Last time we were there, he told us all of his students mentioned seeing you."

"Really? They can see that well from up there?"

"Oh yeah!" Becky chimed in, "Trust me, they pay attention. They all know our place very well."

"Then I'll make sure to give them a good show." I said with a chuckle.

* * *

It was hot. It must have been close to a hundred degrees with a harsh sun. Still, sweating as I was, I was in heaven. I was on the dock, throwing small handfuls of fish food into the water and giggling as the fish churned up the water. When a helicopter came over, flying just above the trees, I made sure to turn toward them and wave. I had to wonder if Steve and Becky's friend was on board. That thought was exciting to me, and my body tingled.

I'd just made the long walk around the pond and started back when I heard the ATV. Steve pulled up beside me and said, "Lunch is almost ready. You just have time for a shower."

He already had a towel spread out on the passenger seat for me. The instant I was seated, he kicked the ATV into high gear. The dam was flat, so he was reaching speeds I didn't think was possible. My right hand was gripping the chicken loop, but when he hit a bump, my left hand flew to the nearest thing it could find, which happened to be his nearest thigh. "Sorry." I said, releasing it quickly.

He laughed out loud, "No problem. You can hang on to me anytime you feel the need."

Inside the house, Steve ushered me through the master bedroom and into the bath. "You can use ours. It's a lot better than the one upstairs."

He was right. The walk-in shower in their bathroom was amazing.

* * *

Becky and I were sitting on the back porch swing enjoying a wonderful chicken salad sandwich with chips. Steve took his sandwich down the hill to the pond, telling us "I'll leave the two of you alone for a little girl time."

When he reached the dock and threw out his lure, I had to giggle, which made Becky ask "What?"

"He's only fishing with one pole this time."

She picked up on my reference to the last time I was there when he had an obvious boner while fishing. She laughed out loud and patted my leg, "Just wait, Hun. A little Viagra tonight, and he'll probably be hard all day tomorrow. After all, with your awesome boobs to look at, what man wouldn't?"

I felt my face blush, "You're nudists. I'm sure he gets to see a lot of boobs."

"Yes he does, but most of them are my age, and we don't get very many like you out here. You turn him on more than you know, and to be completely honest . . . he's not alone."
