 As my early adult life progressed, to say I had bad luck with women was an understatement. By the time I was nearly 27, I had had sex only twice, with two different girls. One was a woman who was seven years older than I and whom I never saw again after that night. The other was, in a way, a long time coming, a very close friend of mine. The problem was that she had already been married for three years. Needless to say, I wasn't very proud of myself for either instance once the euphoria wore off, although both experiences in and of themselves were a ton of fun and hot by anyone's standard.

To be fair, the main reason I had such limited sexual experience was because I wasn't looking for cheap sex. Sure, I had and still have my share of fantasies that deviate from the norm, but at the end of the day, I wanted a real relationship, maybe even a wife and kids. The problem was I had terrible luck dating. Terrible luck, that is, until I met Ann.

Incidentally, I met Ann the same day I last saw my ex-girlfriend (who's a whole different story that isn't worth your time.) It was Ann's first day at work where I was (and still am) a supervisor. She now works as a manager at a different place, but back then she was starting in an entry-level position. The first time I saw her, I sincerely had no intention of pursuing her romantically, since I had twice tried the coworker route with disaster as the result. Ann was different, though, and immediately caught my attention regardless of my hangups.

Ann was (and still is) absolutely gorgeous and exactly my type. Her long, straight, very dark brown hair was the first thing I noticed, followed by her deep brown eyes, as soon as I was close enough to see them. Those features along with her tan skin gave away her Italian heritage. I couldn't believe when I found out she was 30 years old, a few years older than I. I had pegged her at about 24. I remember she wore a blue button-down blouse with a black pant suit and black open-toe high heels. I even remember the red nail polish on her toenails. She was thin and about 5'6", making her short enough to still be shorter than I when she's in heels but tall enough so that I don't dwarf her when she wasn't in high shoes. Of course, I noticed her firm rack and tight ass as well. I mean it when I say my intentions were pure, but I am human, after all.

We chatted a bit that first day, but I didn't think much of it, other than the fact that I truly was hung up on how pretty she was. However, not only did we work together, but Ann came across as a very strict professional. Don't get me wrong; she was very sweet and friendly. However, I couldn't imagine she was much fun outside of work, given how serious and task-oriented she was at work.

Fate, however, seemed to have Ann's and my paths cross frequently. Part of it too was that she was so pretty that I didn't mind sneaking opportunities to admire her and perhaps get her attention, even when I didn't fully realize I was doing it. As we had more chances to talk, I quickly found out that there was more to Ann than I initially realized. Not only was she sweet, pretty and, yes, professional, but she was also clever, funny and actually very laid back and a lot of fun to be around. It wasn't long at all before I seriously wondered if she were the exception to both the rules and to my past bad luck that was convincing me to not ask her out.

Not three months after we met, I did ask her out and haven't regretted it since. We had instant chemistry and spent a lot of time together, but neither one of us wanted to rush to get physical. Ann had a checkered past sexually, which I'm still learning more and more about, and with my lack of success in that department, we figured not to complicate things.

We did, of course, eventually have sex. It was a slow start, I have to admit, but by the time we were fucking regularly, it got awesome. I discovered that Ann was a highly sexual being, which made me the one who had to keep up, and I had always had a pretty big libido myself, even if I had trouble finding the right outlet. Ann had me beat in the experience department, which wasn't a hard feat, of course.

Within two and a half years of meeting, we got married, and it really was kind of happily ever after. We even had a baby and have talked about having another one. But my point in writing for the first time after years of reading erotica is not to give you my love story. It is to recount the truly shocking experience I enjoyed with my wife several months back that has led not only to shedding more light on just how sexual a being my lady is, but also other experiences I never dared imagine with my wife before.

I don't even know how that initial conversation turned the way it did. All I remember for sure was Ann's telling me that she "used to" have bi-curious dreams. I wasn't sure I heard her right, so I asked her to say it again. She became a bit defensive, or maybe embarrassed is the right word, and explained that she hung around the LGBTQ crowd a lot before she met me. I knew she had several gay friends, but I didn't know she had ever entertained lesbian thoughts to any extent. I was more surprised that she would share that bit of information with me, since she had always been very clear on her sexual standards and expected me to live up to high ethics with her. Homosexuality did not fall under those high ethics. I didn't find that type of lifestyle appealing for myself, but the thought of my wife with another woman was as appealing as anything I had imagined up to that point.

I didn't bring up that conversation again but I knew Ann well enough to know it didn't leave her mind. I didn't forget either, and now knowing that there was even the smallest bit of interest there in my wife's sexual appetite had me conjuring up scenarios where we could play it out. While I considered what girl would be perfect for the two of us, fate threw a different curveball entirely.

Just a few weeks later, we were at a family function at a nearby restaurant. Ann had a big family, so we took up a whole room. As you would expect, it was a noisy bunch. Ann and I sat at one end of the room with Brittany, Ann's sibling, and her husband Jack. Brittany was Ann's little sister of about five years. While Brittany isn't as sexy as her sister, she was still very hot. They looked like sisters, for sure, and had a very similar facial structure. Her colors were lighter, though, by which I mean her hair and eyes were a lighter brown and her skin a lighter tan. She was much shorter, too, maybe not even 5'. I didn't know it yet, but she was just as naughty.

While Jack was off with a couple others talking about work and such, Ann and Brittany were having some drinks while I stuck to water and chatted with them. After maybe one drink too many, Brittany asked me what guy I would make out with if I had to. I told her it was a silly question because, well, it is. Under what situation would my life depend on making out with a dude? Brittany was frustrated with the answer and said that she and Ann would each give a real answer.

"Please say me," Ann said, her eyes looking pleading, almost. I could tell that she was very tired and maybe also had too much wine. "I would say you."

A goofy smile spread across Brittany's face. "It's been a while," she said, instantly arresting my attention, "but sure. I would kiss you now, Ann."

The thought of Ann with her own sister was too crazy a thought to ever even enter my mind prior to that night. Now that the thought was there, though, it wasn't going to leave. We weren't even at the car that night before I asked Ann what her sister had meant by "it's been a while." From there, I began to learn some of the depravity of my wife's past that I had always known was there but never knew the specifics.

Apparently, Ann and Brittany had each had lesbian encounters when they were a bit younger and had even "messed around" with each other from time to time. I later found out they had done a couple threesomes with at least two different lucky bastards who got to fuck both of them in one session. If only I had met Ann before Brittany had gotten married!

I was stunned silent. Like I said, I had always suspected Ann of being guilty of behaviors a little naughtier than simply solo fucks with guys before we met, but I never imagined any of it involved her sister. Not only was I speechless, but I was entirely turned on.

Ann took my silence as disappointment in her, but I quickly corrected her. "How do I get in on something like that?" I asked, knowing I was taking a chance. Ann blushed, laughed and then told me exactly how we could make it happen.

It had to be a prank, I thought, but I went along. Brittany came over the next weekend, early in the evening on a Saturday. Their dad was more than happy to babysit our child that night, though he certainly wouldn't have been thrilled to know the real reason. 

Of course, it wasn't unusual for Ann's sister to come over, so Brittany casually came into the house wearing her typical hoodie and jogging pants. Her hair was up in a bun, but I could tell it had been straightened and that she had done her makeup, which she normally didn't take the time to do when she was just stopping by. Still, maybe she had just gotten back from a dinner out with Jack or something.

Ann, too, was dressed pretty casually, wearing just sweatpants and a t-shirt. She, as well, had spent some time on her makeup, and her hair was already down. I didn't actually believe what Ann said was going to happen, but I couldn't help but notice those seemingly minor details that hinted that there really was something else planned beside just hanging out.

Ann brought out a bottle of wine, and we all sat on the couch. We chatted and drank for about 45 minutes before Brittany finally asked Ann if she wanted to get started on the couch or in the bedroom. My heart stopped, and my cock got hard instantly.

"We can start here," Ann said, "and if we need more room we can move down the hall." Brittany grinned and reached back to undo her bun, her long brown hair falling around her neck and shoulders. Now my dick was so hard that it felt like it was going to fall off. Next, Brittany pulled off her hoodie to reveal only a black bra underneath. Not surprisingly, I had never seen my sister-in-law in her underwear before, and it was at that point that realize that Ann hadn't been kidding.

Ann responded by taking off her top so that both sisters were in their bras. Shocked beyond anything else I had felt before in my life, I awkwardly asked, "Where do I go?" Brittany grinned and Ann laughed. "Just sit there for now," my wife said, pointing to the other part of our big sectional couch. I did as she said, wondering how I was going to keep my hand off my cock or if I even needed to. As I settled in, the girls leaned into each other, closed their eyes and kissed. Brittany's hands immediately went up to Ann's shoulders, while Ann, more boldly, reached around Brittany's back to unhook the bra. Most of Brittany's back was to me from the angle I was sitting at, but I at least got to see a little of my sister-in-law's side-boob for now. 

"I'm so jealous of your boobs," Ann said, making me wonder all the more what I was missing. 

"It's only because I'm so short," Brittany responded before returning the favor and taking my wife's bra off so that both sisters were topless. Then Brittany leaned onto Ann, pushing my wife onto her back and kissing her again. Next, Brittany helped Ann kick her pants and socks off, before both girls quickly stood up in order to get my sister-in-law naked, followed by Ann, panties and all. It was then that I got the full view of Brittany's nudity for the first time, and I wasn't disappointed. Don't get me wrong: my wife was the only one I intended to actually fuck tonight, and no one beats her rocking body, but her sister holds her own with her firm, perky boobs and tight round ass.

The girls seemed to forget I was there as they lay back on the couch, Ann on her back again while Brittany got on her hands and knees between my wife's widespread legs. I watched on in disbelief as my sister-in-law lowered her head and began to lick my wife's pussy right in front of me. Ann squirmed and moaned immediately, closing her eyes as her little sister began to eat her out. By this point my cock was ready to burst out of my pants. In that moment, I wanted nothing else than to shove my dick somewhere in my wife while my sister-in-law helped me please Ann until I was ready to cum all over one or both of them.

Ann squirmed and moaned, a moan I had heard many times during intercourse but never coaxed by anyone but myself. There weren't many contexts in which I would have been fine with another individual encouraging such noises from my wife, but I was entirely OK with my sister-in-law being one. As Brittany continued to lick my wife's pussy as if she had done it many times before, Ann clutched her bare breasts, threw her head back into the couch cushion and continued to moan.

After several minutes, I couldn't keep it in my pants anymore. I undid my jeans, whipped out my dick and started stroking to the sight of the sisters on my couch. Ann smiled at me while I beat off, but Brittany didn't notice and just continued to do her job, now holding Ann's legs apart as she dove her tongue as deep inside her sister as she could.

Within a minute of seeing my cock exposed, my wife beckoned me over, her sister's tongue still going to town on her. Without hesitation, I stepped up beside my sexy wife, who immediately took my cock in her hand and stroked it furiously as she still cooed and moaned from the treatment she was receiving from Brittany. Meanwhile, I did notice Brittany peer up to get a glance of my penis before she lowered her eyes and buried her face deeper into Ann's pussy.

Ann beat me off for about just a minute before Brittany pulled away - following what must have been at least five minutes of eating out her sister - and got to her knees. At this point, Ann released my manhood, sat up and leaned into Brittany. I noticed Ann avoided Brittany's mouth, not necessarily wanting to taste herself, but instead gave her sister few kisses on her neck before sliding down to her shoulder and then her chest. I simply kept standing where I was, my hand eventually finding my penis again while my wife enclosed one hand on Brittany's right breast and put her lips on the other one.

It was now Brittany's turn to moan, and my sister-in-law leaned back, holding herself up with one arm while her other hand latched onto the back of Ann's head. Ann moved back and forth between her sister's boobs for the next couple minutes, giving each one adequate treatment. Whichever one wasn't getting sucked and licked at any given time was being massaged by Ann's hand. As the activity progressed, Brittany's breathing rate increased, and she began to tilt her head back and writhe more and more.

A few minutes passed, and Ann eventually straightened her back, pulling away from Brittany's boobs. The sisters made eye contact and grinned, both catching their breath. It was then that I realized I was masturbating rather intensely, so I desisted in order to not blow my load prematurely. As I calmed down just a little, the girls got back to it, with Ann's reaching down and sliding a finger into Brittany's pussy and smiling devilishly as my wife did so.

Brittany gasped, still holding her body up but throwing her head back and smiling with an open mouth and closed eyes as she felt her sister's finger pump in and out of her twat. Ann then crouched down, sticking her ass in the air, and began to lick Brittany's clit as she finger-fucked her sister. I couldn't help but resume beating off to this unbelievable show. Had I not already promised Ann that I wouldn't take any pictures or videos, my phone would have been in my other hand.

Brittany leaned farther and farther back the closer Ann pushed her face against her sister's clit. Eventually, Brittany ended up on her back, and the girls took it to the next level. Ann sat up, moving her hand to Brittany's thigh as she turned herself around, swinging her leg over Brittany and hovering over her sister's body. Next, in what I had prayed would happen, Ann lowered herself down, and the girls locked in the 69 position. From where I was standing, I watched Ann reach both hands underneath Brittany's thighs and then bend her wrists up in order to spread out Brittany's pussy as she began to lick it. At the other end, I could barely see Brittany's face past Ann's leg and ass, but I could see one hand on Ann's butt while the other one appeared to be sliding in and out of my wife's pussy at a fairly vigorous rate. 

In the most arousing spectacle of my life, my wife and sister-in-law passionately pleasured themselves on my own couch, alternating between fingering and licking each other's pussies. I stepped back and moved to my right to get a head-on view of the lovely ladies. I watched on in indescribable stimulation as Brittany kicked her legs up in the air and moaned, while Ann seemed intensely focused, not breaking her contact with her sister's vagina for even a second. Throughout the lesbian intercourse, the girl's bodies rocked back and forth in the most unbelievably sexy way. I could even see gleams of sweat forming all over the writhing mass of female flesh as the sisters softly cried and moaned.

At last, Ann put her head up, realizing they were going to make a mess of her prized couch. I almost laughed. It was typical behavior. I don't think either one of them had orgasmed yet, and I surely hadn't, so Ann suggested moving the party to our Queen-sized bed, catching her breath as she said it. Brittany nodded her head, her boobs glistening with sweat, both her own and her sister's, and then stood up from the couch.

I followed the two naked ladies for the short walk across the living room to our bedroom. Once in, I took off the remainder of my clothes, informing the women that I had sat by long enough. Ann turned to me and matter-of-factly said that I could have joined in any time I wanted to, as she got up into the bed on one side, while Brittany scaled the other side. "Well then," was all I said as I climbed over the footboard and joined the beautiful girls.

"How do you want to do this?" Ann asked me. I figured there were only a couple positions I wanted to try, since I had no intentions of having sex with Brittany. While my sister-in-law was quite attractive, I was still a married man, and even if my wife hasn't specifically forbade me from penetrating her sister, I wasn't going to do it. Instead, I instructed my sister-in-law to lie on her back with her head on the pillow, and the rest was easy to figure out from there.

Ann knelt between Brittany and me, her back to me as she tossed her hair behind her head. Ann glanced over her shoulder at me, a smile that showed a mix of excitement and naughtiness on her face, and then turned back to Brittany, who spread her knees and slid her hands down toward her crotch. Then Ann bent over, spreading her own thighs to give me a good view of where I would be parked, and lowered her head down to her sister's twat.

Brittany moaned as soon as Ann's tongue made contact with her pussy again, and I wasted no time putting one hand on my wife's lower back and using my other hand to, at last, push my engorged prick into Ann's pussy. As I slowly slid into Ann inch by inch, I noticed how exceptionally wet she was, so aroused was she by her little sister tonight.

As soon as I was balls-deep in Ann, I knew I wasn't going to be able to last as long as I normally do. I had already been teased so long by the sisters' activities, and now fucking my hot wife as she ate her sister's pussy had my nuts swelling and ready to burst as soon as I began to pull back and thrust into Ann. I couldn't be bothered with endurance, though. I just wanted to take in the full bliss of what was transpiring, even if it was to be fleeting. With two hands on Ann's hips, I began to steadily slide in and out of her while she held Brittany's legs apart and slid her tongue in, out, up and down the shorter girl's clit. Brittany pushed her head back into the pillow and cried out in pleasure as Ann lapped up her juices. In fact, all three of us were moaning in no time.
