 Ninve and Sandra were both as good (or bad, depending upon your point of view) as their word. They teased me relentlessly during my lunch, but at least I was able to rest my dick and recover by not touching it despite the constant stimulation. We had a nice, long leisurely lunch, even some dessert in the form of a great Key Lime pie, but it couldn't last forever. When I finished my beer, I led my bevy of companions to the chaise longue, where we lay and relaxed a little while longer, just to make sure that I had fully recovered.

The whole time, of course, the ladies all teased me without any mercy, shaking their butts at me and making it clear that they weren't done with me for the day, not by a long shot. There was lot more to do, after all. After getting a bit relaxed, I noticed the tennis court and got an idea. 

"Set of tennis?" I teased the girls, not sure if they would go for it. 

"Sure, but for a special prize. The next round with you. Winner gets next round. Loser has to wait until you've recovered a bit. A set of doubles. Lucy and me, versus Mom and Erica. You get to watch, naturally. How about it? Up to you, since you're the boss," Ashley suggested. 

"Okay, very well, then. I pick the referee, too, then. Anton. Also, losers have to fuck Anton while I fuck the winners. Then we can swap," I agreed with a grin, "not that fucking Anton is an unpleasant experience. I can attest otherwise myself." 

"What about me?" Max grinned. 

"Yeah...you...you get to fuck the first woman who has the nerve to moon me. How about it, girls? First to moon me in public gets Max up the ass," I encouraged the ladies. 

"With my boots on?" Nydia laughed, bending over with her miniskirt up, making it quite clear that she went commando. 

"With your boots on...Max, nail that sweet ass of hers. Cherry, baby, why don't you join in? Max deserves a threesome, too," I encouraged my legal wife. 

"You don't have to ask me twice," Mrs. Schumacher told me with a devious smile, "Sharing a man with my daughter is my favorite thing to do." 

"Don't I know that!" I laughed, kissing both my wife and stepdaughter in turn on the lips and smacking each of them on the tush, "now, both of you, wait until we have privacy. Then Max can ram the both of you to your hearts' content." 

"Works for me. Two cuties from the same family for the price of one," Max chuckled. 

"Yeah, and those two...damn. Apple doesn't go far from the tree at all. I didn't have any clue of what Cherry was really like until she broke loose. Neither did Nydia, I think, did you?" I remarked as the first match of the set began. 

"Oh, God! Are you kidding? Mom kept that pretty well concealed, but now that it is out, boy, is it ever out!" Nydia giggled. 

"Yep, and you and Mark really helped bring it out of me. So did Ninve and Sandra, come to think of it," Cherry admitted, planting a kiss on the four of us that she named. 

Meanwhile, Heather served first and Ashley more than answered her serve. It was back and forth, a vigorous game of doubles, but pretty soon, Lucy and Ashley had their game on and Heather and Erica never fully recovered. They managed to win the third game of the set, but just by a hair. By then, it was just to stave off total humiliation. They had already lost the set. It didn't help me fend off my arousal that they had special tennis outfits that didn't come with bottoms attached. 

"Well, I think that before the winners claim their prize, the losers should kiss their butts," I told the ladies, knowing how hard that would make me to watch. 

"In public or private?" Erica wondered. 

"That's their call," I laughed. 

"Public. Come on. Pucker up, Sis, Mom," Lucy demanded. 

"Oh, but I'm not gonna be content with just kissing it," Erica warned her. 

"In that case, maybe we should take this somewhere private for now," I decided, leading the group to the suite again. 

Once we had privacy, Lucy and Ashley hiked up their skirts and bent over to invite their mother and sister to kiss and lick their asses. Erica and Heather didn't hesitate, kneeling gladly to spread the ladies' cheeks and get busy rimming the girls. They did a lot more than kiss ass, much to everyone's excitement, making Lucy and Ashley especially wet as they relished such sensual pampering from mother and brother...

Before I knew it, both girls were wet enough in fact, and I was certainly hard enough to slip my cock into first Lucy for a few really nice strokes, and then Ashley for several more. Both girls were so damned horny right then that they squirmed whenever I slid my cock inside them and whimpered whenever I pulled it out to put it in the other lady. To really make the most of it, Lucy and Ashley pulled pairs of wet panties out of their bras to hand to me, and I just shoved Lucy's lacy thong in Ashley's mouth with Ashley's white cotton undies in Lucy's jaw. I knew that both women had soaked the underwear, too with their juices. I had just given each of them a fine sample of the other. 

Meanwhile, Anton had plans of his own. He lined Erica up with Heather and began by lubing Heather up to guide Erica's dick inside her asshole. Once Erica was perfectly positioned, Anton put a good deal of lube on Erica's sphincter and pushed until he was buried inside the tranny's hot booty. With every thrust, Anton drove Erica deeper inside Heather, which only turned them both on more. The harder Anton hit Erica's prostate, the more excited the tranny became, which naturally made her hammer Heather with full force. It was something that definitely turned them on, as well as the girls. 

For their part, Max got busy with Nydia and Cherry with little fanfare, handing the latter a strap-on dildo with a thigh harness and putting a ball gag in Nydia's mouth as they began to DP my stepdaughter to their shared delight. Watching both women enjoy this was quite the sight for everyone involved, and Ninve in particular stroked her pussy while Sandra slid her fingers up her fellow Assyrian's butt. 

"Yes, finger me there...finger my ass!" Ninve pleaded for more, becoming visibly excited. 

Soon, neither woman could hold herself back, Ninve lying on her side as Sandra inserted yet more digits into her sexy ass. I nearly erupted as I heard my princess say what she said, but I forced myself not to cum just then. I went further inside Lucy's cunt to fuck her for several more strokes, and then slipped out to screw Ashley for a bit longer. 

What destroyed my resolve, however, was a finger in my own asshole, courtesy of none other than sweet Josie, that sultry French-Canadian temptress with her gorgeous auburn hair. When Shelby added a finger of her own, my already churning balls just went into overdrive and my cock spat out a load right as I pulled out of Ashley. The cum hit Ashley's left butt-cheek for the most part, prompting Lucy to lean over and lick it all up. When she was done with that, she knelt to suck my dick for a bit to keep it hard. 

I groaned a little from the slight ache in my cock and balls, but Ashley put a finger to my lips. 

"Mark, honey, Anton is not yet done with the girls...and I can just tell that Ninve and Sandra need you now...just look at them," she said as she kissed my lips. 

I gestured for both of my princesses to approach me while I continued to kiss Ashley and Lucy kept sucking my dick to keep it hard. 

"Ladies, so you need me now...well, you did warn me that you would need me before the day was done. It feels great to be needed so much. I need to rest a little for a moment, so you ladies will have to be the aggressors, but do whatever you wish to me. That goes for Lucy and Ashley, too, you sweet minxes," I told them. 

I lay on the bed and Ninve pounced, putting some of my potency pills in my hand with a glass of my favorite apple cider...I took them, which I hadn't need this holiday until now, and Ninve climbed onto my dick before it could get soft. Her pillowy tits were on my chest, too, while Sandra sat on my face. I wasn't sure what Lucy and Ashley were doing until I felt tongues and lips on my balls...and then some lube, followed by a finger slipping into my ass. One of those ladies had been learning at Sandra's feet in her school of prostate massage...and boy did that feel great! 

Ninve rode me for the full benefit of my hard cock, which definitely wasn't going to soften anytime soon. My hands cupped the smooth, sweet cheeks of her large, lovely ass and caressed her lovingly, soon spreading them for my own fingers to play with her sphincter. She responded to that by bouncing harder on my cock, her breath becoming shallow and her breasts heaving above me. Sandra actually must have seen some sort of non-verbal cue, because she climbed off my face and let Ninve lean over me to wave her bosom in my face. Sandra began kissing me repeatedly and also sucking Ninve's tits as well. 

After several minutes of tasting Ninve's breasts and kissing me while I licked and fondled those breasts, Sandra sat back on my face and rubbed her pussy onto my mouth again. When she got especially excited and leaned forward to suck Ninve's tits again, I ran my tongue along her taint and between her soft buns to rim the crack of her ass. Sandra shivered and squirmed before leaking her sweet juices into my thirsty mouth, causing me to lap them up with my tongue. 

Just when it couldn't get better, Ninve and Sandra by some sort of telepathic signal, or so it felt, rose and swapped places, with Sandra planting her pussy on my stiff cock and Ninve sitting comfortably on my face. The variety of pussy flavors delighted me even more and I lapped as happily at Ninve as I had at Sandra, while the latter mounted me to milk my cock for all it was worth. 

I fucked Sandra from below just as vigorously as I had with Ninve, fondling her sexy Assyrian booty with just as much desire, as much appreciation of her smooth, olive skin as I had with Ninve's somewhat fairer complexion. Lucy and Ashley kept up their hard work all this time, too, and I couldn't help but feed a constant pressure to cum, which I fought off while I could. 

What did me in, however, was the grunting that came from Anton as he spilled his load inside Erica, who in turn shot her seed deep into Heather. They had been carrying on like crazy for a while, fucking like a train of rabbits, if such a thing existed among that species. Anton had gripped Erica's shoulders, too, for balance, while pushing her deeper inside Heather...

At the same time, or thereabouts, for several minutes that seemed like an eternity of heavenly sounds and smells, even fine animal grunts and growls, Max and Cherry had been ramming Nydia in a DP that now ended roughly. It was about the moment that I exploded inside Sandra, and then felt first her orgasm (after which I tasted Ninve's as she creamed herself), that Max unloaded inside Nydia's ass, while Cherry erupted on the inside of her thigh harness, and Nydia all but melted into a mass of drenched exhaustion. 

"Guess we need another breather, don't we?" Erica asked me as she knelt to suck me clean from Sandra's cunt. 

"Not quite yet. Thank God for Katrina's pills," I grinned as Heather joined her tranny daughter on her knees. 

"Hey, I'll cop to ulterior motives. Very selfish ones, babe," my highly athletic Punjabi lover smiled wickedly to me. 

"I wouldn't have it any other way," I chuckled, while Heather winked and resumed sucking me back to life. 

With that, the whole room nearly fell over with laughter. They knew that their selfish needs worked out just fine for me...always had.