 Every year since we got married, my wife Ann and I have followed a similar tradition for Thanksgiving weekend. Like the wholesome couple we are, Wednesday is spent volunteering at the downtown rescue mission. Thursday is the big dinner with my in-laws, and Friday is spent decorating the house for the Christmas season. Saturday was normally a shopping day or just an opportunity to relax before the stress of the holidays set in. This year, however, we filled that Saturday with a new activity. 

The dynamics of our marriage had altered rather significantly over the past 14 months or so. After just over two years of marriage, a sequence of events had led to our opening up about our sexual desires. One particular secret fantasy we shared was group sex. Since then, we had enjoyed five episodes with at least one more person, and an undeniable progression of debauchery was evident. What shocked me the most wasn't that we had actually experienced scenarios that I had previously thought only happened in pornography, but that those experiences actually enhanced the bond and adoration we had with and for each other.

As much fun as these trysts were, we didn't intend to make them frequent occurrences. We didn't want to get carried away or miss the point, which was that these occasional anomalies in our sex life were designed to add a little extra excitement from time to time. Beside, being full-time employees and parents, it's not like we had large amounts of time to set these sessions up in the appropriate fashion. However, we found the more we experimented with group sex, the more we wanted to do it.

This fall, things really began to escalate. Within five weeks, we had three group sessions, all while we were planning yet another. An additional interesting effect of this type of lifestyle is how quickly you grow comfortable with ideas that originally seemed ridiculous. For example, four months ago, Ann and I barely agreed to a threesome, and neither one of us was sure if we could actually pull the trigger on performing with another man present. Now, we were heading to a hotel to host a gangbang with four other men while my dear, sweet wife was ready to be the center of attention.

Yes, while just about a year ago I would have never imagined allowing another man to even touch my wife in a sexual way, November 24, 2018 came along, and I was eager to let four other men whom I barely knew, to be honest, join me in fucking my wife. Two of these men had already accomplished the feat with me once each, and we enjoyed their company so much that we decided to invite them again. The other two we would meet in person for the first time tonight.

Over the past several months, we ended up essentially having our pick of men for my wife to enjoy. The first of these was Shawn, a 32-year-old, 5'9" black man with a muscular build who (not to be stereotypical) would have the biggest cock in the room. He clearly worked out too, as evidenced by his muscular build. He had joined us a little more than a month ago during our second multiple-male group session. That was the first time I got to watch two men stuff my wife before I joined, and it was unbelievably exciting.

Next was Cole, the other man who had joined me in banging my wife. He was 6', 42 years old and had an athletic frame and actually looked a bit younger than he was. His cock was probably the smallest of the group, about 6", but Ann had loved having it in her ass a few weeks ago when we met him in a bar, hit it off and came back to our house to double-penetrate Ann on our living room floor. Sandwiched between our two toned bodies, Ann experienced her most intense DP orgasm that night in her brief history with the act.

The other two men were new to our group. Like Shawn, we had met them online. The first of the two was Mike. He was a little older than Ann and I (who are in our early-to-mid 30s) at 46. He was an average build, and we would find out his cock was a little smaller than he had led us to believe, but at least he showed up. Honestly, what intrigued us the most was that he is Indian, which added to the diverse flavor we had going here. Like I said, Ann had walked into the luxury of being pretty selective here. I'm confident if you could see her for yourself, you would understand why.

Finally, there was Tim. He would be the third white guy, including me, who would be giving my wife all she could handle this night. He is 41 and was the tallest at 6'1". His build was average and his cock about the same as mine. When we had chatted online, he was very laid back and genuine, so we were happy to give him the final spot.

And of course there was Ann, the main attraction. At 5'5" and a thin frame that had recovered nicely from childbearing, she rocked a tight, round ass that got more than its share of glances in public, C-cup breasts that intoxicate me, and beautiful tan, Italian skin. Her long, dark brown hair, which would hang down straight for tonight's occasion, framed her lovely face, complete with round eyes, deep and brown, and pretty lips which made for the sweetest yet most seductive smile. Tonight she wore a short, white dress and matching white high heels that were open-toed. Besides that, she wore a dark brown necklace, a matching bracelet around her right wrist and two silver anklets on her left ankle to advertise the fact that tonight she was a hotwife.

Our night started off as innocently as one would expect for a moral, young couple like us. After an casual but romantic dinner, we went to an 8 pm showing at a nearby movie theater that took us until almost 10:30 pm. Most nights, we were long done with our day by that point. This time, 11 pm was just the start of the wildest experience of our lives as we arrived at the hotel of our choice.

The last time we had gotten a place for the night, it was a cheap motel for the sake of saving on cost. This time, though, I wanted to make sure that Ann didn't feel remotely degraded, which I was aware was a real risk when being ravished by a group of horny men. I made sure to splurge a little on the location to make the setting classy, showing our guests that Ann was a woman demanding respect. After all, this event was truly about pleasing and honoring my wife, treating her like the goddess she is. It was well worth the hit on my wallet. A couple of the other guys even offered to help cover the cost, but I didn't want Ann to feel like they were paying us for sex.

Cole showed up first about 10 minutes to 11 pm, followed shortly by Shawn. Mike came right on time. He had already seen pictures of Ann but remarked how she looked even prettier in person. Ann, flattered, thanked him and chatted with him a bit as if she wasn't about to perform for him like a pornstar. We then waited almost 15 more minutes until Tim arrived. We had started to think he wasn't coming, as I sort of expected at least one no-show for this kind of thing. He apologized profusely and said he had run into traffic. He tried contacting us, but I had limited our communication to online as I wasn't sure about giving the two newbies my phone number. 

Everyone was looking at me then, waiting for my approval to get the festivities started. I looked at my wife, more in love with her than on the day I married her, and she smiled back and nodded. With that, I took a step away, and Ann sat up on the bed, grinning from ear to ear and kicking her legs up in a sexy manner, eliciting cheers from the onlookers. Next, she lay back on her side, brushing her hand over her boob and pulling at the dress just enough to reveal her bra, then sliding her hand down her side to her thigh before rolling onto her back and arching her body with her hands at her sides.

I gave the group the green light to approach the bed but with the condition that they pleasure Ann orally first after undressing her, before they got anything out of her. My lady deserved to be worshiped and worked up to the main event so as to heighten her pleasure. Tonight's activity was all about Ann's and my relationship and not that of the other men, and they were all OK with that condition.

Shawn and Cole had no qualms with jumping right into bed with Ann, and they started pulling her dress off right away. I encouraged Mike and Tim to join, and they did so, a little hesitantly, I noticed. I believe this was Mike's first time in a group setting, and Tim, to my understanding, had participated in some blowbangs but never in an actual group fuck. I was confident that they would get the hang of their new situation quickly enough.

Before long, Ann was on her back, her hands over her head, knees off the mattress and all her clothes on the floor-except for her anklet and her high heels, both by my special request. The bracelet stayed on too. Next, four raging cocks were exposed as I continued to simply watch on and Ann laughed with glee. Of course, even though my dick was still secured in my pants for now, it was hard as steel watching these four men begin to fondle my wife.

Hands groped Ann all over. Every part of her body was rubbed or squeezed by at least one hand before Shawn settled in between Ann's legs, lowering his mouth to her pussy for a taste. Meanwhile, Tim and Mike were up by her head getting jacked off simultaneously, and Cole had one of my wife's legs in his hand and had the peep-toe of the shoe up by his mouth. Both laughs and moans escaped my wife's throat as her pussy and toes were licked and each of her breasts were massaged by a different man.

At this point, I stripped naked and wanted to join the five people in the bed, but there wasn't a lot of room. I thought about straddling her stomach and putting my cock between her tits, but I felt like that positioning would be a little too close for everyone's comfort. Instead, I stepped up and kissed my wife while she switched her hand from Tim's cock to mine, beating me off furiously as she was over-stimulated by all the attention she was receiving. Not to let Tim feel left out, I suggested he play with Ann's free leg, but he stayed back and just beat off. As I continued to kiss and praise my wife, I noticed Cole was rubbing her ankle and licking her calf and thigh while and then tracing with his tongue whatever flesh was exposed by the sexy shoe on Ann's foot.

It seemed to me that our black friend was really good at eating pussy, and he had Ann cumming for the first time tonight within a few minutes. He continued to orally pleasure Ann's fuckhole for a minute while she squeezed her breasts together as she moaned into my mouth through her orgasm. As soon as my lips pulled away, Mike took the liberty of shoving his Indian cock into Ann's mouth. I didn't object, so I just stood back and stroked my cock while a dark man gently pumped in and out of my wife's mouth and a black man continued to lap up her juices between her legs. Of course, one of the white guys was still playing with Ann's leg, licking and rubbing her flesh and occasionally slapping his cock against her as we all got ready for the next step in the gangbang.

I asked Ann if she was ready for the next part, and she nodded. Within a minute, Ann was on her knees on the floor while the five of us men stood around her.

"Just need to make sure all these cocks are good and hard for me," Ann said seductively with a grin that was half-goofy and half-sexy. As exceptionally as my wife always performed in these situations, I could tell she was still getting comfortable with what was going on this moment. She and I both knew, though, that she would be in her glory very soon.

By now, no one had any trouble being nothing but absolutely hard for my sexy wife as her hands made their rounds to each of the five erections that surrounded her. Then with her beautiful brown eyes looking up at me, my wife opened her mouth to invite my cock inside while she beat off two of the others. Without hesitation, I slipped past her lips, which closed around my shaft as I began to thrust in and out of her sweet mouth while her head bobbed back and forth.

For the next 10 minutes or so, Ann took turns sucking off all five of us while two other pricks were in her hands at all times. Most of the time, the guys stayed still and let Ann do the work, sliding her mouth up and down their shafts. Mike was the only one to grab Ann's head and push his cock as far back into her face as he could, even making her gag a little bit. A couple of us held her head in place while gently but firmly pumping into her. At one point, everyone was having so much fun that I decided to take a quick picture. Ann and I generally don't create evidence for our escapades, but I would be sure to crop out any details that could assuredly link the picture to us.

By the time we were done with this stage of the night, everyone had received plenty of attention from Ann's mouth and hands, leaving us all eager to tame that sweet pussy. As Ann caught her breath, she released the dicks in her hands and stepped back toward the bed. Instead of getting on it, she bent over it, spreading her legs as her high heels scratched against the carpeted floor. She glanced over her shoulder first at me and asked, "Do you want to start the train?"

As ready as I was to fuck my wife in front of all these guys, that wicked part inside me really wanted to watch a couple of them take turns with her first. I offered her to the new guys first, which left Mike and Tim as the candidates. Mike stepped right up, clearly excited to have a chance to fuck this hot Italian milf.

Ann, with her hands out in front of her, lowered her head to the mattress and stuck her ass higher up in the air. With no words between the two of them, Mike stepped up, putting one hand on Ann's ass and the other on his dick, which at this point was covered with a condom and sufficiently lubed up. I made sure to give Ann her own generous helping of lubricant for both her pussy and ass, which she applied just before Mike began to push his member into my lovely wife.

A couple of the guys made some approving comments, but the room was otherwise quiet, aside from the moans of both of them, as Mike began to thrust into Ann. Mike held onto Ann's hips as he slid back and forth, going faster and faster, plunging his whole cock in and out of my wife. He was permitted to fuck her bent over that bed for a few minutes while we other four literally lined up behind him, waiting until he was told it was the next person's turn.

Tim was up after Mike, which is when I was at the front of the line. Being third gave me the opportunity to watch two men fuck Ann before and after my turn. Protected and lubed, Tim pushed his cock right into Ann and immediately began to pump in and out of her hard and fast, making Ann lift her head up and cry out from a mixture of arousal and surprise. For the next few minutes, the slapping of Tim's flesh on Ann's filled the room, joined with the sound of his steady praise for his new goddess who took his steady thrusts.

Once Tim stepped away, I took my place, being the only one not required to wear rubber, of course. I still lubed myself up for Ann's sake and had no trouble slipping into her sweet hole while my new friends gave me a rather loud cheer of approval. I leaned forward as I started to nail my wife, holding onto both of her boobs as I kissed her back and shoulders. I started slowly but was soon pumping into her pretty hard and fast, each of my thrusts greeted by a pleasured moan from my love as she continued to pull this train.

No one dared to tell me my turn was up, naturally, so I railed Ann for at least five minutes like that while Shawn was behind me patiently waiting his turn. I stayed leaned in, talking dirty into her ear as she responded in kind while she gripped the sheets beneath her. My hands stayed on her boobs most of the time but took turns with her shoulders and sides too. A couple times, I have her ass a playful slap. 

My last push into Ann was very hard, encouraging a very loud cry from her, followed by a sweet laugh. I gave her a kiss as I pulled out and then stepped aside to allow Shawn to penetrate her with his long, black cock. Ann says she doesn't have any special attraction to Shawn and his member, but her moan as he sank into her didn't help her case. Of course, I didn't care. I was happy to see her pleased. After all, that's what tonight was all about.

Shawn held onto Ann's waist and slowly pushed in and out of her pussy, making sure she felt all of his cock as it slid against her insides. Ann shifted herself very slightly, grinding just a bit on Shawn and propping herself on her elbows while we guys watched and jerked off in near silence as Shawn groaned and sighed while he polished his dick inside my wife's vagina. Each thrust went faster into Ann than the last until he was fucking at quite a frenzied pace before he subsided. By that time he had Ann moaning pretty good.

Last but not least, Cole took his turn, spreading Ann's ass which he had fucked just a few weeks before but for now sliding into her pussy and giving her a solid fifth-straight pounding as he firmly held her asscheeks apart. Ann lowered her head to the mattress again, looking over at me this time as she moaned and took Cole's dick in and out of her twat while he thrust hard and fast. Before Cole was finished, I invited one of the other guys to join Ann on the bed and put his cock in her mouth. Upon hearing me, Ann held herself up, leveling her head with the rest of her body, prepared to carry out what I had suggested. Once again, Mike pushed to the front of the line.

Here and only here was my disadvantage for not wearing a condom. One of Ann's rules was she did not like giving a blowjob after the penis had already been inside her. Since the other guys had used condoms, all they had to do was remove the rubber, and she was OK. I was more than content with that reality. Beside, I was going to get as much of her pussy as I wanted, and that was my favorite anyway. Plus, being married to her, I get plenty of opportunities to have her mouth.

Having removed his condom, Mike knelt in front of Ann, who looked straight at Mike's dick as it slid into her mouth. Meanwhile, Cole was still pounding her from behind. The two split-roasted my wife while we other three watched on for about a minute, then I tapped Cole on the shoulder to notify him it was my turn. He gave me no trouble, slowing down and gently pulling out of Ann, deferring to her husband. As Ann still sucked off a near-stranger, I slipped back inside her. Her pussy was broken in and wet enough that my penetration was effortless. 

Next, Shawn took Mike's place, and we drilled Ann from both ends until I allowed Tim to take my place. For the next several minutes, everyone got a turn at both ends (except I didn't get a run at her mouth, as explained before). Ann was keeping up masterfully and having a blast, as were all of us guys. It was a wonder she could ever be satisfied with just one man, seeing how well she managed five cocks at once while barely breaking a sweat, especially as we approached midnight.

Of course, Ann's real test was right around the corner. Once we had all had our fair shot at both ends of the split roast, finishing with me in Ann's pussy again and Cole in her mouth, we all stepped back from the bed to allow Ann a brief chance to rest, though she didn't really seem to need it that much. Just to be sure, I told her to let me know when she was ready.

Ann insisted she was ready, seductively, raising her eyebrows as she said so. She selected Cole and me to be the first tandem to join her in the bed, the same configuration she had enjoyed the last time we had invited a third into our marital activity. I lay down on the bed while Ann straddled me, quickly working my member into her pussy while Cole knelt behind her. Ann ground on me, humping my cock as she smiled at me and pushed her hair out of her face. I smiled back, in that moment captivated by my amazing wife who looked so hot right now for so many reasons that I was overwhelmed with gratitude for being married to such an incredible woman. Then, during this trance, I felt Ann go still, followed immediately by the unmistakable sensation of Cole's cock pushing into Ann's ass, constricting her pussy even more around my hardness inside her.
