 My wife and I have been swingers for a few years. She also has a streak of exhibitionism that we discovered. I guess you could call her an all-around slut.

One evening, I suggested that we go to an adult theater in the city. It didn't take much convincing for me to get her to agree. She dressed in a skirt and blouse with nothing underneath. She ended up masturbating while two guys watched and jerked off. That experience was just the start of our adventures. This story is about one of our more recent ones.

Let me describe my wife for you. She is 40 years old, about 190 lbs. (mostly in her hips and legs) with a 38C chest. She has very prominent nipples which are very sensitive. She shaves her pussy and is very orgasmic.

We went to a different adult theater this time. This one is more "couple friendly" and cleaner than the last one. She wore a dress with a plunging neckline and nothing else. We walked in and made our way to the main theater room. We sat on one of the couches against the perimeter of the room with her sitting on the middle of the three cushions, leaving the seat to her right open. It wasn't too long before a guy asked if he could sit in the unoccupied seat. I nodded and he sat down. 

He was dressed in khaki pants and a polo shirt. He seemed clean and polite. As the three of us watched the movie, I whispered in my wife's ear and asked if he was ready. She took a deep breath and nodded. I then reached over and began to caress her left breast. After her nipple was hard, I eased it out of the top of her dress, exposing it to her seat-mate as well as the dozen or so guys wandering around the room.

As I fondled her nipple, she slid her hands underneath her dress and began to rub herself. The guy on her right (I'll call him Bob) was openly staring at her as she began to get worked up. His hand was rubbing his crotch and I could see a nice sized bulge forming there. I leaned over and whispered to my wife to put her hand on his leg.

She reached over and rested her hand on his left thigh. Almost immediately, he unzipped his pants and fished out his cock. He was not huge, but he was a respectable size, about 6 inches. As soon as my wife saw this, she wrapped her fingers around his hard cock. As she slowly started to stroke him, he asked me if he could touch her as well. I nodded and he brought his hand up to her chest and started to fondle the tit that I wasn't playing with. My wife moaned as he pulled it out of the top of her dress and into the cool air.

Our activities were starting to draw attention from some of the other patrons in the theater. A small crowd of about 8 guys were standing around watching our little show. Some of them were openly fondling their crotch and one guy had pulled out his dick and was stroking himself as he watched. 

A couple of minutes later, Bob groaned and started to cum all over my wife's hand. My wife squeezed his cock and finished him off. As she pulled her hand away, I could see that it was covered with Bob's cum. She lifted her hand to her mouth and began to lick the cum off of her fingers. This caused an audible groan of pleasure from the assembled watchers. Bob zipped up, mumbled a word of thanks, and left. 

It was only a few seconds later that a tall black man asked if he could sit down. After receiving permission, he flopped down next to my wife, pulled down his sweat pants and pulled out what looked like a solid 8" cock. He started to stroke himself for only a few seconds before my wife reached over and grabbed ahold of his cock.

As I watched my wife stroke the second cock of the night, I was as hard as a steel bar. I opened my pants and pulled out my cock and guided my wife's hand to it. As she felt the precum leaking from it, she shifted position and leaned over, engulfing my cock in her mouth. She started to suck me like a woman possessed. Her new seatmate took this opportunity to reach underneath her and pull her dress up, allowing him access to her ass and pussy.

I could feel my wife groan and I knew that he had slipped his fingers into her pussy. From the movement of his arm, I could tell that he was finger fucking my wife right in front of me. Between that knowledge and what my wife was doing to me with her mouth, I almost came right then. But I wanted this to last so I disengaged her mouth from my cock and eased her in the other direction. She leaned over and took the black cock directly into her mouth. She began to give him one of her world class blowjobs. He wrapped his hands in her hair and leaned his head back on the couch we were on.

My wife only sucked his cock for a few minutes before she sat up. She shrugged her dress off her shoulders. She stood up, hiked her dress over hips and straddled the black man she had just been blowing. She grabbed his cock, positioned it where she wanted it, and slid down on it. She took his whole length into her pussy in one smooth stroke. She immediately began to moan and shake as her orgasm washed over her.

The crowd of watchers was steadily moving closer and one of them reached a hand out to touch her ass. As he made contact, my wife moaned again and the floodgates opened. Hands came from all sides to touch, pinch, and rub whatever part of her that they could reach. One guy leaned in and took one of her nipples into his mouth and began to suck.

My wife was steadily bouncing up and down on the black cock inside her. She was moaning and cumming almost continuously by this point. Her lover started to thrust upwards into her pussy and it wasn't long before he announced that he was going to cum. My wife said "Cum in my pussy" and that sent him over the edge. He wrapped his arms around her waist, slammed his cock up into her, and groaned loudly as he filled her insides with his cum. He jerked a few time as she came with him. A couple of moments later, he leaned back spent.

My wife stood up, and his cum started to ooze out of her and ran down her thigh. She moved to the end of the couch and leaned over it. Her dress was hiked up over her hips and her pussy was open to the crowd. The black guy vacated his seat and another guy took his place. My wife wasted no time in leaning over and taking his cock into her mouth. Another guy stepped behind her, and with a look at me for approval, slid into her sloppy wet pussy. 

My wife was in a sexual frenzy at this point. One by one the guys would step up behind my wife and fuck her. Most came inside her, but a few pulled out and shot their loads on her back and ass. Guys wanting to be sucked slid one after another into the seat on the couch. All in all, my wife was fucked by 7 guys and sucked off 5 or 6 more. She swallowed load after load. She had cum on her face, in her hair, and all over back, ass, pussy and legs.

After about an hour of non-stop fucking, my wife was beginning to tire and she announced that the guy fucking her was going to be the last one. The line of guys behind him was disappointed, but polite about her decision.

Her final fucker shot his load into her pussy, stepped back and zipped himself up, thanked her and walked away. My wife stood up and I led her to the restroom so she could straighten herself up. While she was cleaning up, several guys came to me to express their thanks and to tell me how sexy she is.

When my wife emerged from the bathroom, she had wiped most of the cum from her body and face. She still had some in her hair but she didn't care. She and I walked hand in hand out of the theater and to our car. As she sat down, she told me to hurry and get us home. She said that she still had plans to take one more load of cum tonight and that was going to be mine.

I love my slutwife!