 My stories move slower to the sex part them some writers, but if you hang in there, it gets extremely hot. This story is about a conservative, married woman, whom the husband thought she might be wiling to have sex with a teen boy. He gets her to role play sex with a boy, and eventually sets it up for the 3 some. Please know that there will be a little bit of male to male sex toward the end of the story. If that turns you off, then move onto another story. Otherwise, enjoy yourself, and give me a good rating at the end of it. 

One last thing. I use the term teen boy to mean a legal age teen (18). At times I say "boy", but it is not intended to mean less than 18 years old. 

*****

My wife, Cindy, has always been buddies with teenage boys. She just seems to get along with them very well. She teases them in humorous ways, and they love it, then they tease her back. Sometimes, if she likes one of them exceptionally well, I have seen her go a little further with the teasing to the point of definitely being flirty, although not to the point that it was sexual flirting.

Cindy is fairly conservative and has never talked much about fantasies, as much as I would love for her to do so. Our sex life is okay. I have talked with her many times about changing what we do, but after we talk there may be slight change, but for the most part within a couple of weeks it goes back to the same sex life we had before. 

But, I have to admit that even though our sex life is not as often as I want it, nor as adventurous as I want, it is definitely enjoyable. If I was rating our entire sex life, here is how I would rate it. I would give it a "D" on how often we have sex (about once a week), an "F" on how sex starts with us (no adventure at all. It is more or less, "Okay, now its time for sex, get naked.") I guess that is better than what many guys get. Last of all, I would grade how satisfying things are when we have sex as a "A minus." She does know how to turn me on very well. So, how can I complain too much? At least she we have hot times. Some guys don't even get that. 

The problem for me is that my mind is very sensual, and I can think of many things I would love to do sexually that I may never get to do with her. So, I found my mind wondering while watching her with the teen boys, if she were a more sexually open person, would she love to play with one? My guess is "Yes." I base that on how she teases them when she is around them.

So, I started thinking I would see what I could do to maybe make that happen, or at least find out if my theory was right. So, I started talking to her about doing role play in our sex life. I was surprised that she was open to that idea. However, her ideas of role play always involved just us, mostly as 2 single people, or something similar to that. It never involved other people. So, I told myself that her willingness to role play was, at least, making her a little more "open" to try new things.

Over the course of about 4 months I introduced a role play fantasy idea to her at least once every couple of weeks, when we had sex. At first I did ideas that were centered around 2 single people, since she was open to that. I did one with a strip poker theme between 2 single people. Then eventually, I took the strip poker theme to a new level, saying I wanted it to be a game between her and a teenage boy (legal age) who convinces her (the older woman) to do strip poker. 

When I first mentioned it, she gave me a look that told me she wasn't so sure about that fantasy. Then, as I continued to watch her facial expressions, I saw it change to where I could tell the idea turned her on, but at the same time, she was wrestling wit

I quickly told her I would play the innocent neighbor boy, and we would be playing a regular card game, while laying on the carpet in the living room. I wanted to move forward quickly with this idea before she thought to much about it. She agreed, and we started the role play. Then after about 3-4 minutes, as I continued playing the innocent neighbor boy, I said "How about we up the ante by playing strip poker."

Cindy, snapped out of the role play at that point and said "Michael, I am still not so sure about doing this." 

I chose to stay in my role play as the neighbor boy, by saying "Oh, yea, you are afraid you will lose, to this young boy?"

Somehow it worked. Cindy switched back to her role play character again, and said "No, I know I will whip your butt so bad that I'm afraid you will be the embarrassed neighbor boy sitting there naked in front of the older neighbor."

I quickly tried tried to keep her in this role by saying "Oh, does my older woman neighbor think she's actually that good?" 

Cindy said "I know I am that good, and you don't want to be a young boy who is naked in front of your older neighbor."

I thought to myself "I got her now. She is getting deeper into the role play."

I continued playing the teen boy, and said "No way I will be the one who is naked. My beautiful, mature neighbor lady will be topless in no time. I am going to be able to see her tits because you are about to see the best of me."

Cindy said "Oh, I will see the best of you, alright. It will be the best of you sitting there naked."

I laughed at that point, knowing that I was like the fisherman, reeling her into my game. I was trying to tap into the side of her that got flirty with teens, in order to get her to open up and get past her conservative side. I continued my role play "We will see who loses their clothes first."

Before Cindy and I started this role play, I had asked Cindy to wear thigh highs, thong panties, a short skirt, and a button up top with a sexy bra. So, she had 5 pieces of clothing. She had me wear undies, jeans, and a button up shirt. She said that I could make up the difference in the amount of clothes so that when I lost a hand I would have to put on a pair of her lace thong panties to wear. Then when I lost another hand of cards, I would have to push my panties down to my knees and sit that way, fully exposed. We made it to where the winner of each hand, picks which piece of clothing that comes off the other person. 

I shuffled the cards and handed them out. I lost the first hand and Cindy immediately got gutsy, and made me take off my jeans. I was sitting there with a hard cock pushing against my undies. 

Cindy's fun teasing side came out as she said "You will be in trouble in no time." Then she paused and taunted the boy I was role playing by saying "You sure you want to do this? You sure you want me to see you naked?"

I laughed, as I played the boy, and said "You are awfully gutsy, aren't you?" 

Cindy said "I have beaten you in regular cards all evening. Yep, you will be showing me that little boy body in no time. And, tonight when you go home, you will only be dreaming and wishing you had seen me naked."

I dealt the next hand, and Cindy won again. She had an ornery smile on her face as she said "Let's see, do I want to see you in my panties, or do I want your shirt off, hmmmm?"

I said "Or, maybe you just ought to skip the panties idea and just see my boy dick. That way I find out if you really like looking at a young, naked body."

Cindy said "Oooo, someone doesn't mind showing their goods?"

I said "Tell you what, if I show it to you, you have to call it by a sexual name."

Cindy said "Wow, we are really getting into this, aren't we?"

I said "Only makes it more fun," as I responded in my gutsy challenge.

Cindy said "Let's see that coccckkk of yours."

I was actually stunned with the fact that she called it a cock, and drug out the word in a very sensual manner. It was was a huge turn on to me. I responded with a gutsy comment of "If you want to see my young cock, then come over here and slide my undies down, yourself, Miss Older woman."

She responded in her gutsy manner back to me "I can't wait to see your young dick."

She came over to me and slid my undies down to my knees. My cock was very hard and sticking up in the air. Then she got away from her role play for a second and said "Gosh, I hate to admit this, but this is very sexy fantasizing about this. I love this little role play of yours. It is very hot. We may have to do this one again."

I knew I "had her hooked" at that point. I knew, right then, that I had tapped into that side of her that loved to get flirty with teens. So, I decided I would make sure that I did this teenage role play game with her, again and again, doing many different sexual things each time we did it. My plan was to do it a lot over the next couple of months, until I got her wanting it in real life.

I returned to my role play by saying "Does Cindy like seeing my young boy cock so hard, and sticking up in the air? Is this a privilege for you to see it?"

Cindy said "I love seeing it, hon."

I said "Tell me what you are thinking. Tell me in a dirty way. "

Cindy said "I love seeing your young, hard cock. I love seeing you exposed to this older woman. And, I can tell that you love exposing yourself to me."

I said "Mmmmm. Okay, let's play another hand. It is time for me to see some tits."

I dealt the cards, and my luck was good this time. I won. I told Cindy to take off her bra underneath her button up shirt. So, Cindy turned her back, took the bra off and then put the shirt back on. The nice thing about the shirt she was wearing was it was a see through, black material. You could make out the shape of her tits, and it gave a slight view of her nipples.

I dealt the cards again, and the luck went my way again. I told Cindy to take off the shirt. She said "Come and take it off yourself."

I loved this new horny, gutsy attitude. It told me she was very turned on in our role play. I crawled over to her, unbuttoned her top, and then while taking it off of her, I accidentally (on purpose) brushed my hands across her large, 36 D, slightly sagging, tits. I then sat there looking at her as if I was the boy in our role play who was very turned on by seeing her tits. I could tell that it turned Cindy on a lot with me staring at her. There was complete silence, and I could almost see a facial change that said she wanted to fuck the boy. After about a minute, I returned to where I was previously sitting.

I lost the next hand. Cindy got up, and went into her bedroom, and came back with a pair of her lace panties. Then, she said "I hate to cover up that cute little boy cock, but I want to see if you like wearing my panties. I want to see if it turns my neighbor boy on. Now, put them on." 

I got up from the floor to stand up, then slid off my underwear, and then slipped on the thong panty. My hard cock was pressing against the lace material, and you could easily see my cock through the material. Then she said "Now turn around and let me see that boy ass of yours in my thong panties."

I did what she asked. Then she said "You like wearing your older neighbor's panties, don't you, boy? You like knowing that what you are wearing was on my pussy at one time. I bet if I sent a pair of my panties home with you, and asked you to wear them under your clothes to school tomorrow, you would do that for me, wouldn't you?"

I was stunned at how horny Cindy was getting with our role play story. I was guessing, at that point, that what Cindy loved about teen boys was that they were horny for her, and that they would do whatever she asked them to do. I really think that deep down inside of her, she wanted to seduce one of them and enjoy turning them on. But, I am betting she never acknowledged these thoughts because of the conservative side of her personality. 

I acted like a nervous boy, and said "Um, if you wanted me to wear them at school, well, I guess I would do that for you."

She said "Mmmmm. Good boy. But, why would you do that for me?"

I thought, at that point, that I would see if my theory was right, so I said "Because you make me horny and excited. I love how hot you look, and it makes me want to do whatever you ask me to do so you will show me more of your body again." 

She smiled, then got a strange look on her face like she knew she had mixed feelings about tapping into her hidden thoughts. Fortunately, her horniness over rode her hesitancy, and she said "That is what I was hoping to hear you say."

Cindy decided she loved seeing the boy in her panties so much, that she did not want to play another hand quite yet. She said "Let's take a break, hon, I want to see my neighbor boy walk around in my panties awhile."

Cindy had him (me) go to the kitchen and get us both some soda to drink. You could tell that Cindy was really caught up in this fantasy now. It was like she was actually imagining a neighbor boy walking around in her panties. My cock was hard inside the panties as I played this neighbor boy role, and it was leaking precum through the lace part of the panties.

Cindy continued the role play by saying "My little boy's cock is so hard in my panties. I am betting he loves wearing them for me. Tell me, son, do you like wearing my panties?"

I said "Yes, Mam, I love wearing these for you."

She said "Mmmmm. Good boy. If I invite you back over to the house, will you put my panties on and walk around the house all day with them on?"

I could tell Cindy loved the sexual control she had over me in this role play. I said "Yes, Mam. I would do that anytime you ask me to, as long as you let me see your tits."

She said "I will do that for you, hon." Then she said "It's time to play another hand."

I lost the next hand, and Cindy said "Slide those panties down to your thighs, hon."

I said "Mam, would you do it for me?"

She smiled and said "Sure, dear."

Cindy slid my panties down my legs. My cock was sticking up in the air and precum was running down my cock. She said "Mmmmm. You are very excited aren't you?" Then she reached over and stroked my cock up and down about 4 times. Then she said "Very nice dick, son. I like seeing it."

I said "Thank you, Mam. Whatever you want."

I made sure I lost the next hand as well. This time Cindy told me to take off my panties and spread my legs real wide for her. She smiled as she looked at my cock, balls, and legs. I then broke away from the role play to say to her "In real life, if we really did this, you know this would turn you on a lot."

Her head snapped quickly my direction as if she was totally surprised by my comment. She paused a moment, as if she was thinking about what I said, then she said "You know, it might just be a huge turn on to me. I guess there is something about an older woman, being able to turn on a young guy. I think it is flattering, plus it would be nice to see his young naked body. I also would enjoy watching his hands tremble from the excitement. And, then enjoy him doing whatever I asked him to do. But, I really should not be thinking this kind of stuff."

I smiled back at her and said "Well, if the role play involved a young teen girl, I would have all the same feelings too." Then I said "Can I be truthful with you?"

Cindy said "Sure."

I said "In real life it would definitely turn me on to watch you playing with a teen boy. I wouldn't mind it at all. I would even let you tell me to get naked while I watched you guys."

Cindy was startled and said "Mike! I can't believe you said that!"

I said "Well, I asked if I could be honest with you about what I was thinking. And, I am just telling you that it would be a huge turn on to me."

Cindy said "Well, that isn't ever going to happen. But, I do have to admit that all of this is really hot to fantasize about."

I said "Good. Let's finish the game." I dealt the next set of cards, and I won. I had Cindy, take off her skirt so I could see her thong and stockings. I then had her stand, and turn around slowly, so I could see how her ass looked. She looked awesome. 

I said "Mmmm. You have a very hot ass, Mam. I love looking at it."

I then won the next hand, too. I said "The panties are coming off babe." 

Cindy said "If you want them off, then come and take them off of me."

I smiled as I went over to her. I helped her to her feet, then knelt down in front of her and grabbed each side of her panties, and slid them all the way down her legs. I watched her step out of them. Then I stayed in a kneeling position in front of her with my face about 6 inches from her pussy. I started rubbing the sides of her legs as if I was a teen that didn't want to stop. Cindy smiled and just watched me. I finally moved my hands around behind her and started feeling her ass. She let me do it for about a minute, or two without saying a word. Then I started touching her pussy very lightly. I could see Cindy getting hornier and hornier. She was almost panting. Finally she said "My boy is taking more liberties than just seeing my pussy. It is time for me to win the next round and win this game."

I said "Once each of us gets naked, let's turn it up a notch and say the loser of each hand has to do what the winner says for 5 minutes. And, just because you look so hot in those stockings, let's just say we are out of clothes already, and this game change starts right now. I will take off my shirt and let's see what happens."

Cindy's pussy looked very wet. This role play had turned her on as much as I have ever seen her turned on. She said "Let's do it."

I won the next hand. I came over to her, laid her down, lifted her legs up in the air, spread them wide and started eating her pussy. Her slick, wet pussy, felt good on my tongue. 

After a few minutes of her squirming around from my licking her, I then started teasing her with my comments "Does Cindy like the young neighbor boy eating her pussy in front of her husband? Do you like the neighbor boy playing with your body while your husband watches?" 

I made sure that I added the "in front of your husband" comment to try to stir up a future, real life event. 

After I made my comments, I went back to eating her pussy. I noticed Cindy was extremely turned on and as a result, she had her first orgasm in less than a minute. I actually had never seen her cum from just her pussy eaten. Don't get me wrong, she enjoys it when I eat her pussy, but she cums when she mainly cums when I use a vibrator on her. So, I knew this role play game had highly excited her. I ended up giving her 2 more orgasms, as if I was the neighbor boy.

After the third orgasm, she shoved me onto my back and sucked my dick for just a couple of minutes and then boldly said "Fuck this older woman. Stick your boy dick in me and fuuuccckkk me really good."

She then climbed on top of me, grabbed my cock, and slid her body down on it. Then she leaned forward so her tits were hanging down in my face, as she started rocking herself on my cock as we fucked. I sucked on her big tits as they hung down in my face. I became very excited from watching her totally lose control, and consequently I exploded my cum into her pussy in about 2 minutes. 

Afterward, we snuggled, and as she calmed down she said "I am sorry. I am still not sure we should have role played that story. I hope I didn't offend you with what I said, and did."

I said "I told you earlier that I wish we could do this in real life. I would let you fuck the boy in front of me. It would really, really turn me on to sit there and watch it."

Cindy said "Hmmmm. I know it would be fun, and I know I would love it. I am just not sure I could get myself to do it without feeling bad. But, if I did do it, we have to know he wouldn't tell his friends or his parents, and we would also have to know that he is a legal age, so we don't get into trouble."

Then Cindy caught herself and said "What am I saying? I would never do something like that. It is fun to fantasize about, but no way would I ever do that."

I continued introducing this teen boy role playing into our sex life over the next 2 months. I would change the story slightly each time, but she would end up always fucking a teenager. And, each time, she was as highly turned on as I have ever seen her. Then I would tell her again that I wouldn't mind seeing it happen in real life, that it would turn me on a lot to watch it.
