 "What are you up to next Friday night?" I asked Sharon as she stepped out of the shower. 

"Nothing planned why?"

"I was going to organise a rehearsal with the new band members."

She wrapped her long dark hair in a towel and began towelling herself off. 

"Who has joined?" She asked.

"Mick and Ben are still in." I said as she smiled. Mick and Ben both had had the pleasure of my wife's body before. We even made a video of the two of them double teaming her after a party one night. "And two new blokes Stan and Dan."

"And what are they like?" She asked.

"They play OK." I said.

"Not that." She said rubbing her shaved pussy with a towel. "What do they look like?"

"Tall dark and handsome of course."

"Good." She said smiling at me with that look that meant trouble.

During the rest of the week I contacted Mick and Ben along with the other members Stan and Dan. I cleared out the garage and took all the rubbish off the pool table that sat in the corner of the room. It got me thinking that maybe it was time to reinstate the pool table as a central part of our lives. It had been moved to make way for a few building projects but now that we were finished with them there was no reason to put it back in its rightful place. I imagined Sharon on the table with her legs splayed open taking my cock as she had done more than once before. One of Sharon's fantasies was to be jerked off on by several men at one time. I knew that she would like Stan and Dan who were young and very buff.

"What time will they be here?" She asked.

"Around seven." I said. "Mick's bringing some Turkish pizza for tea."

"Do you want a beer?" She said. "I'm having a scotch."

She went over to the bar I'd set up in the corner. As she bent down into the fridge I could see that she didn't have a visible panty line through the little black dress she was so fond of wearing.

She walked back slowly and handed me my beer. I patted her on the arse to confirm my suspicions.

"No knickers tonight?"

"Well Mick and Ben are coming over." She smiled at me. "I was thinking that maybe...." She rubbed my cock through my jeans. 

"You are one horny little tart." I said. "If you behave yourself and let us rehearse for a few hours afterwards I'll let them at you. OK.?"

She loved Ben's massive cock and it had been months since he'd been away from his possessive wife Julie who was away visiting her sick mother. Mick was engaged to Sharon before I met her and although the break up was difficult we got around it by sharing her one night after drinking and smoking far too much dope. Mick regularly came over for a threesome.

Just before six Sharon finished helping me clear out the garage and headed upstairs to watch some TV. We kissed and I patted her fine arse. 

As she turned to walk away I said "Remember that we have to rehearse first."

She laughed and raised her skirt and shook her lovely arse at me.

I stood back and admired my sexy wife and began thinking of the various encounters we had shared with our friends, some of who would soon be here. The door opened and in walked Stan, our new drummer, carrying a six-pack of beer and talking loudly on his mobile phone.

"Yeah I won't drink too much." He said into the phone. "If I have too much I'll give you a call OK. Bye Love." He said closing the phone.

"The missus?" Dan asked him.

"Yeah the fucking slut won't let me drink too much." I was shocked by his outburst. "Reckons it effects me."

Before the door could close Ben stepped in behind Stan and he was carrying a grocery bag with snacks and beer. As the three of us settled in around the pool table the door opened again and in walked Dan with Jim a friend of Dan's who was in town for a few days staying with him and he asked if it was ok if he stayed. Of course I couldn't say no and thought this might make it even more interesting. As the five of us sorted out the gear Mick arrived carrying five boxes with the pizzas in them. 

"Where's Sharon." Mick asked. "Does she want some pizza?

"Upstairs mate." I said. "Go and ask her." 

He grabbed a box and threw a few pieces in and took off up the stairs. We all started talking crap and about 10 minutes later Mick came back down. He had a smile like a Cheshire cat and winked at me as he sat down. 

We started playing and it was like we had known each other for years. Mick and Ben kept smiling at each other like cats that ate the canary knowing they had something in common the others didn't. We had played a few songs when Jim came in from using the toilet upstairs and asked Dan for some help in the kitchen. I looked up and saw that Jim had kind of an odd expression on his face. A few moments later they both came back and started playing but Jim, who wasn't a band member, was obviously restless and he hopped up and walked all too casually back upstairs. Mick, Ben and I all looked at each other knowing full well what Jim was going back upstairs to. Dan had a smile on his face as well but he professionally went back to playing. 

"I'm just going to have a piss." I said after we finished 'Highway to Hell'. I put my Gretsch down and snuck up the stairs as the rest of them worked on an original acoustic number. The noise from downstairs was enough to drown out my footsteps as I snuck into the hallway next to the kitchen. I could hear the TV and the familiar sound of the video we had made of the three of them. Jim was standing next to the fridge watching the TV on which was a close up of two cocks in Sharon's cunt. Sharon was laying back on the lounge rubbing her clit as she watched. Jim also had his fair sized cock out and was slowly stroking it back and forth.

"You could always just ask her." I said.

Jim nearly shat himself as he tried to tuck his dick back in. At the same time Sharon's head spun around and eyeballed us in the kitchen.

"Oh fuck sorry mate." Was all he could muster. He was having problems tucking his cock back in and by the time Sharon was standing smiling in the doorway it was still out. 

"I think I need to let some of the pressure out." She said licking her lips. "Otherwise you might snap it." 

Sharon sashayed her way over and squatted down in front of him. She flicked her long dark hair back over her shoulder and grabbed a hold of his cock. 

"You sure about this mate?" He asked me "I mean I've only just met you."

"Do I look angry?" I said smiling. 

"Ahh." He said as she took his cock into her mouth. "No you don't."

Sharon went to work on his cock and I stood back and watched my sexy wife slobber all over it. She was an expert cock sucker and Jim had little chance of lasting much longer. 

"Do you want to cum in my mouth?" She asked him as she pulled on his cock. "Or over my face?"

I looked at the TV through the kitchen and the scene had changed to one of two cocks spraying cum over Sharon's face. 

"Look at the telly." I said to Jim. He looked up and it registered with him that it wasn't just some porno he had been watching but Mick and Ben fucking Sharon. 

"Is that...?" He said as Mick, on the telly, gave the thumbs up to the camera.

My cock was as hard as a rock and extremely uncomfortable in my shorts. Sharon gave Jim's cock a few hard pulls and took his first spray of the night straight down her throat.

"Fuck yeah, honey." She said after swallowing. "Cum on me." 

"Swallow it Sharon." I said as more sprayed into her mouth and onto her face. It must have been ages since Jim had shot a load because it seemed to keep coming as he bent his knees almost collapsing from the effort. 

"Fucking hell." He said as he braced himself on the fridge. Sharon had cum in her hair and over her cheeks and she sucked his cock some more trying to get every drop out.

I stood watching her rub his cock over her face and I had an idea. It was an idea born out of her fantasy to have several men fuck her and then cum all over her. Six men were in the house and she had already fucked or sucked four of us at some time so another two should be just right.

"Jim could you tuck that monster away and give us a hand downstairs?" I said to him. He nodded his head and blinked as if to wake from a dream. 

"Give us 15 minutes love and come down." I said to Sharon.

She smiled and stood up. "Like this or should I clean up?" 

"Well you'll be a mess when we are finished with you."

Her jaw dropped as she realised what I said. The blood rushed to her face as the fact that she was about to be gangbanged sunk in. 

"Are you serious?"

"Well if you are going to be the band slut you may as well do it properly." I said.

She turned and walked quickly back into our bedroom to get, what I thought, changed. Jim and I headed back down to the, still rocking, garage.

Mick and Ben smiled at Jim as he walked back in and the music stopped as I put my hand up.

"Told you." Mick said to Dan and Stan.

"So they know about my darling wife's insatiable sex drive?" I asked knowing full well the answer. 

"What are you smiling at Jim?" Dan asked.

"Well I don't get a blow job from your wife when I come over."

"What?" He looked amazed. "Fair dinkum did you get a blowie?"

"Very nice it was to." He said as he got a beer out of the fridge. "You might find out if you behave yourself."

"Why, what's happening?" Dan asked.

"She's coming down to say g'day." I said as I moved some of the beers off the pool table cover. 

"Someone give us a hand here will ya." I said grabbing onto a corner. "Fuck the music for a while let's play pool." Four of us lifted the table back into the middle of the room and Dan put some blues on the CD.

Time slipped away and without warning the door opened and in walked my wife as six heads snapped to take her in. She wore a short black wrap around dress that was a favourite of mine because she would always wear absolutely nothing underneath. The front plunged down to enhance her beautiful breasts and a set of pearls set it off nicely. 

"Hi boys." She said as she sauntered into the room. "You two must be Stan and Dan." 

She extended her hand out to them and Dan was the first to shake. "We've heard so much about you." He said looking her up and down. "Pleased to meet you."

Stan was more forward and placed a hand around her waist and pulled her forward. "Do you like to dance." He said.

"Only the dance of love." She said flirtingly.

Sharon moved around the table and gave me a big hug and kiss as I pulled her close. My hand slid down to her fine arse.

"How's it going." She asked. 

"The music is over and now we play pool." I said as she moved sexily away.

Ben was standing to my right and as my wife passed him she gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Making her way around the table back to Stan he too got a hug but this time Sharon gave him a quick kiss on the lips. As she turned to Dan he took her in his arms and began a passionate kiss while pulling her body close to his. Lasting longer than what is considered decent she stepped back and it was clear Dan's cock had swollen under my wife's control. Turning quickly on her heels her short skirt gave us a glimpse of her tight naked ass and Sharon blew the room a kiss as she strode from the room with a sexy smile on her face. We watched as her fine ass swayed with each step. My cock was hard thinking that this pool game might get wild. 

"Is that it?" Stan said as she left. 

"No." Mick said smiling. "Believe me when I say that she is the biggest tease known to mankind."

"She won't be back." Stan said.

"How much are you willing to bet?" Mike said. 

"Well if she comes down here and we all fuck her." Stan said looking at the sky as if seeking inspiration. "You can shag my girl."

"Would she want to shag us?" Ben asked.

"Probably not." Stan said smiling. "She'd kill me."

"Unlike Sharon, unless your girl is willing, technically it's rape." I said.

"How can you stand and watch blokes fucking your wife." Stan asked "Are you some kind of wimp." 

"He's not a wimp." Mike said. 

"Be fucked if I'd have you lot shagging my wife." Stan said.

"You don't get it do you." I said.. I'd met Stans type before. "We are swingers. Last Friday night I got a threesome from Sharon and Annie from work. They went down on each other as I fucked them?"

"Who wants a slut for a wife?" He said.

"But you're prepared to fuck her." I said. "What does that make you."

He didn't answer but simply looked away dismissively.

"Well I'm so confident that Sharon will be back that I'm going to get undressed now." Mick said as he pulled his shirt over his head. "I'm sure Ben, Jim and Marcus will join me."

"Yeah, why not." Jim said looking at me. "Should give her a surprise anyway."

"And if she doesn't come back we'll just look like a bunch of gay bastards." Dan said as he joined in ripping his clothes off.

"Oh fuck it, why not." Stan said as a jeer went up from all of us as he too stripped.

Within a minute six naked men stood alone in a suburban garage trying hard not to look at each others privates. I've been in the company of dicks before and from what I could see Stan had the smallest of all of us which made perfect sense. He probably shot early too.

I grabbed a pool cue and had a shot against Jim and the others just quietly went about getting the beer and it was only after about five minutes that the handle on the door at the top of the stairs rattled again. Stan and Dan were sitting on the lounge while Mick and Ben were checking out the drum hardware. Jim was having a shot when Sharon appeared wearing a black lace camisole and short lace french knickers. 

Her jaw nearly dropped to the ground when she saw the six of us in the room as naked as the day we were born.

"Holy fuck." She said flabbergasted. "There goes my seduction routine."

My cock was already starting to firm up as she stepped slowly down the stairs.

"No point in fucking about." Jim said as he pulled on his cock. "The only two here that you haven't seen before are on the lounge."

"Well...no." Sharon said as she sub-consciously rubbed her mons. 

"Maybe you should start over here then." Dan said patting the lounge between him and Stan. Dan's cock was an admirable size and well shaped and becoming firmer as he tugged on it. 

Sharon nearly ran over to them and as soon as she sat down she had two dicks in her hand. Stan slid his hand down between her legs and she immediately spread them wider as he slid a few fingers under the lacy fabric. 

"This little lady is very, very wet." He said as she smiled up at me.

Dan had manouvered her left boob put of her top and had begun sucking it slowly.

The other four of us were just watching the grope session occuring in front of us. By my judgement Ben still had the biggest of all of us and Sharon would be happy to have that in her pussy ASAP. 

I went over to Sharon and bent over to kiss her. Her mouth was hot, wet, open and smelt of Scotch Whisky. I could smell the need for sex. She was open, burning, willing and ready for a night of red hot pumping action. I knelt in front of her and placed my hands around her hips. Stan moved his hand out of her snatch and she lifted her arse off the lounge and I pulled her knickers down. Her pussy was red and inflamed, no doubt from the rubbing she gave it while watching the video, and wetter than a chux wipe in a bath. 

She threw one leg over each of Stan's and Dan's and shuffled forward so her pussy was on the edge of the cushioning. Stan's cock was leaking precum and Sharon wiped some on her finger and slowly brought it to her lips.

"Yeah lick my cum." Stan said. 

I decided to lick my slutty wife's pussy before it got filled with cum. I started at her knee and gently licked up her inner thigh before I arrived at her honey pot.

Her clit was already engorged and with one quick lick her pussy opened wide and she was open for all to see. 

"Yeah lick me babe." She said. "Stick your tongue in my dirty hole."

Stan was shuffling about and quickly he stood up and climbed up onto the lounge. I thought he was going up for a blow job but my suspicions about his staying power were true. 

"Suck me bitch." He said a bit too forcibly "I'm going to fucking cum."

Sure enough he shot a fair sized load over Sharon's camisole, her boobs and finally onto her face as she sat looking surprised at how fast he came. 

"Suck my cock you filthy whore." He said as he forced his cock into her mouth.

"Settle down Stan." Dan said "She doesn't need to be forced into it. She does it because she loves it." 

"I love cocks that last a bit longer than a minute though." She said as she pulled on his cock, milking the remains of cum onto her tongue. "Have a rest and I'll let you fuck me properly later. OK?"

Stan wiped some of his cum off her tit and she licked it off his finger. 

"Can I fuck you in the arse?" He asked meekly. 

"You all will get to do that." Sharon said. "But now my darling husband is going to fuck me while I suck on a few more dicks."

I did as I was told and knelt up on the carpet and easily slid my cock into her wet and willing hole. Stan hopped off the lounge and went over to the fridge and got a beer out. Dan stood up on the lounge and Sharon sucked his cock into her mouth. I pulled her camisole down off her tremendous boobs as Mick hopped up the other side and moved her hand onto his cock. As I pumped into her she slobbered over Dans cock and pulled on Mick's worthy weapon. 

As Dan fucked her mouth with his substantial cock and Mick tweaked her nipples I pulled my cock out to stop myself cumming and did one of her favourite things. Sharon loves feeling a hard cock rubbing against her vulva and clit so I placed it against her open hole and pushed down firm on it. 

"Make the slut cum." Stan said from the other side of the garage. "Fuck her hard boys."

The dirty talk from Stan, the nipple tweaking, the cock sucking and the pressure on her clit was too much and sure enough, almost as if Stan knew, Sharon twitched and moaned as her body shook in orgasmic bliss. 

"Oh God that's good." She moaned. "Fuck me. All of you fuck me."

I slid my cock back into her extra wet hole that had become about 20% tighter due to her orgasmic contractions. Ben was standing behind me and I decided to have a rest for a while.

"Here you go Ben." I said "Shove her favourite cock into her cunt."

Mick stood up so that Sharon had two cocks to suck and she didn't waste any time in taking him into her mouth. I stood up and, after a slight dizzy spell, moved away from her to let Ben at her pussy. She sat on the lounge with her legs spread indecently wide as Stan spat on his fingers and rubbed it into her pussy.

"You'll need extra lube for that cock." He said. 

Ben knelt down and rested his cock against her slit.

"Are you ready love?" He asked. "Do you want it?"

"Fuck me." She said after pulling Mick's cock from her mouth. "Fuck your little woman."

With one evil thrust he pushed his cock to the hilt.

"Oh fuck." she said almost passing out from pleasure. "Yeah baby now that's a cock." She said looking slyly at Stan.

"Split the cheap tart open." Stan said knowing full well who she was talking to. 

I had just about had enough of Stan and didn't really like him and when I saw his mobile phone on the pool table I had a devious idea. Mick and Jim swapped places which proved to be the perfect distraction for what I needed to do. I grabbed Stan's phone as he sat watching the action and pulling on his firming cock. 

I went upstairs and into the lounge and opened his phone. The last call he made was to his girlfriend so I used that number to send a text message.

-too drunk to drive. come and get me at 10.- This would give me 45 minutes to set the prick up.

I picked up the video camera as well and snuck into the laundry. The laundry had a small window that looked into the garage and I aimed the camera at a group of naked bodies and pressed record. I set up a few towels and lay the camera on them so that it could record what was happening. 
