 I found her cum stained panties in the dirty laundry. They were still wet and gooey, and that could only mean one thing. My wife had fucked my younger brother. They were at the store buying supplies for the weekend and had just returned. She must have ditched the panties in the hamper when she went to pee.

I don't really blame my brother. After all, my wife is 105 pounds of pure sex poured into a 5'2" frame. Her tits stretch the limits of the T-shirts and halters she wears and are firm enough to hold their shape nicely when she goes braless. She has a small waist and full hips with strong but shapely thighs and an ass to die for. In a pair of tight shorts and a low cut halter Joanne is a walking wet dream.

It is not just her body that is sexy. She has curly blond hair that falls over her shoulders, green eyes with long lashes, high cheekbones, full lips, white teeth and a small upturned nose. She loves to flirt and has a natural "I want to fuck" look in her eyes. My bother, being only 18, did not have a chance.

I can visualize how it must have happened. Joanne pulled off the road after flirting shamelessly until he was drooling with lust for her hot body. She had on the same sexy short skirt and tight top that she wore to work. She climbed into his lap and told him how she needed his cock inside her that very second or she was going to die. She often used the same words with me. She didn't even take off her panties.

I knew Joanne was a sexual powder keg when we married, but I was willing to take the risk. She was by far the hottest fuck I had ever experienced, and that included some pretty wild parties in college. I knew I couldn't keep her caged, but figured that what I didn't know wouldn't hurt me as long as she really loved me. She would be discreet.

Finding her cum stained panties was a revelation. I was so turned on by the thought of Joanne riding my brother's cock that I fucked her three times that night and once the next morning. I decided that if she was going to fuck other men, and she was, then I was going to be part of it. First, however, I was going to have some fun.

Friday night I invited five friends over for poker. They were all single and young. I asked Joanne to dress like a whore so that their concentration would be diverted from the cards. Being a natural flirt and exhibitionist, she gladly obliged. We were sitting at the table cutting for deal when she walked into the room. My jaw dropped.

Joanne wore a tight leather skirt that was so tiny you could see her ass cheeks without much effort. The top was a red low cut halter that barely covered her braless nipples and was stretched so tight that her tits were practically molded into the material. She wore bright red lipstick and dark eye shadow. Long heels lifted her short frame and accentuated the swell of her shapely ass. Her perfume was thick like that of a whore.

"Hello boys. I bought some goodies for you to nibble on."

She spread some chips and salsa around the table taking care to rub against each of the players and flash her tits when she bent over. Each time she turned back to the bar to get another bowl, she bent over far enough for the skirt to ride up her naked ass cheeks exposed by the skimpy thong she was wearing. The other players did a poor job of pretending not to stare.

Joanne found plenty of opportunities to visit and shamelessly show off her goodies. I could tell she was getting hot by the way her hard nipples stretched the thin material of her top. After the first hour I followed her out to the kitchen. She attacked me by throwing her arms around my neck and grinding against me.

"If I don't get a cock in my pussy soon I'm going to go nuts. Take me in the bathroom and fuck me. Now."

As tempting as it was, I had other things in mind for Joanne. I grabbed her naked ass cheeks and slipped a hand between her legs. The crotch of her panties was soaked with pussy juice. Dressing like a whore had affected her exactly the way I had hoped it would. I pushed two fingers into her dripping cunt and slid the tip of one across her clit before pulling them out. 

"Later, baby. I've got a good run going."

I headed toward the kitchen door. Joanne grabbed my arm and tried to pull me back.

"Bastard. Get back here and fuck me or I swear I'll do it with one of them."

I backed her up against the counter with my face inches from hers.

"You'd probably like that, wouldn't you? Don't worry, Jo. You're going to get fucked soon enough. First, why don't you join us and play a few hands. You might get lucky."

She knew I was up to something and gave me a wicked smile. She stood on her toes and kissed me on the lips, shoving her tongue into my mouth. Her hand rubbed the bulge in the front of my pants and squeezed it hard as she pulled away.

"Okay, dear, but my pussy had better not go too long without some attention or you are going to be sorry." 

I asked the group if Joanne could play and the vote was unanimous. Joanne sat down between Brian and Jim. I lent her some chips but after three hands of very poor play she was down to her last few. On the next hand she ran out. 

"Honey, could you lend me a few more chips. If you saw my hand you would know I couldn't lose."

I looked like I was thinking hard about it before I responded.

"I don't think so, baby, but I'll tell you what. I'll buy your panties from you. Here's enough to cover the bet."

I slid the chips over and held out my hand waiting for her to give me her panties. She looked over at me with a twinkle in her eye. She understood the game I was playing and was anxious to put on a good show for my guests.

"Hey, that's not funny. You don't really expect me to take off my panties with everyone here. Do you?"

"You can always fold, sugar. If you win the pot you can buy your panties back."

Joanne looked sheepishly around before she reached under the table and made a show of squirming out of her thongs. At last she held then up by one of the straps for everyone too see. A small dark stain was quite visible in the red crotch. She threw them on the table. A faint smell of pussy drifted across the room.

"I see your raise and up it three dollars," I replied while smiling at her.

Rick and I both threw three chips into the pot and looked over at Joanne who had a perfect look of bewilderment on her face. She was a great actress.

"That's not fair. I don't have anything else to bet. Please. Just lend me the money."

"I'll buy your top for five chips. Or you can fold."

"Look, I can't fold with this hand. Honey, I'll give you my top if I lose… if that's what you really want… for me to show my breasts to all your friends." 

I slid the chips over in answer to her question and saw a flicker of excitement in her eyes. She wanted to lose.

"I guess it doesn't really doesn't matter, honey. I can't lose with this hand."

I put down my 2 Queens. Rick showed us his 3 Jacks. Joanne put down 2 Ace's and 2 King's, and went to collect the money in the pot.

"Not so fast dear. Rick has a higher hand than yours."

I explained to her why she lost but we both knew it was an act on her part. Joanne had a convincing look of shock on her face and stared at me with her mouth open. 

"That can't be. Ohmygod… do I have to take off my top with everyone watching? You wouldn't make me do that, would you honey?"

I shrugged my shoulders.

"I'm sorry sweetheart, but a bet is a bet."

With a look of resignation on her face, Joanne stood, slipped her fingers under the bottom of her top and lifted until her exquisite breasts bounced free. She dropped it on the floor. She let everyone get an eyeful of her gorgeous melons before crossing her arms to cover them with a sheepish pout on her face. 

Joanne sat down and put in her ante for the next hand with the two remaining chips she still had. Mike upped the ante. She looked over at me with pleading eyes.

"Honey, I have a real good hand this time. Please, just a few more chips."

"I'm sorry, babe. Do you have anything else to sell me? Your skirt is probably worth ten chips."

Joanne stood up with her arms still covering her tits. She looked at me with a pout still on her face, but I could see the playfulness in her eyes. She loved every second of the show.

"You're not going to make me take off my skirt are you, because I'm not going to fold."

I slid the chips over to her place. Looking back at me defiantly, but with a twinkle in her eye, Joanne reached behind and pulled down the zipper. She wiggled the skirt down her hips and then let it fall to the floor around her ankles. The sight before us was sensual beyond description. I had seen it before, but it always took my breath away.

Her shaved pussy puffed out from between her legs like a swollen plum. The two halves of her mound were separated by a gash down the middle with glistening pink folds peeking out from their secret hiding place. Her curved hips tapered into a flat athletic stomach. Her full breasts fell like melons with dark pink nipples at the tip.

Just to make sure that everyone had a full view of her goodies, Joanne turned and walked slowly over to the bar. The shapely spheres of her creamy ass, separated by a dark crevice down the middle, swayed sensually as she glided gracefully away still wearing her heels. She poured herself a shot of vodka, drained it and poured another. She returned to the table glaring at me with a pencil and paper in hand.

"Are you happy now? I hope so, because I'm just getting started."

This time she made no attempt to hide her tits. We continued to play the hand. Joanne was out of chips on the last raise. She took a small piece of paper, scribbled something on it. She looked at me defiantly.

"This should be worth about ten I would think."

Joanne threw it into the pot and took her change. Once again she lost. Brian, the winner, opened the folded paper and looked around for guidance. Joanne got out of her chair and went over to him putting an extra sway into her walk so her tits bounced back and forth. She took the paper from his fingers and read it aloud.

"It says 'The winner is entitled to a five minute hand job… signed Joanne.' Honey, would you keep time?"

Joanne pulled a very hard cock from his pants and wrapped her fingers around his swollen meat. She bent over and rubbed the head of his cock across her face and then over her hard nipples while stroking it firmly and swiftly. She squatted between his legs and continued to pump his swollen meat between her two tits. Joanne looked up at him with those 'fuck me' eyes.

"I just love your hard cock, Brian. It makes my pussy so wet. But what I really want is to feel your hot cum… I want to feel it shooting all over my tits. Would you do that for me Brian? Would you cum all over my tits?"

She continued to pump him hard and fast with her tits bouncing against his cock. She looked up at him licking her lips and breathing hard like she was about to cum just from the feel of his cock which, knowing Joanne was probably not far from the truth. Almost three minutes had passed since the clock started.

"Cum on my tits, baby… please. I want to feel your cum dripping from my nipples and running down my stomach and over my pussy. I am so fucking hot just thinking about it… oh god… hurry."

Brian didn't stand a chance. The first jet of cum was so strong that it splashed off her chin and landed on her cheek. She aimed his cock at her nipple just as the second stream of hot cream erupted and splattered all over her tits. By the time he was finished cum was indeed dripping from her nipples and streaming down between her tits towards her pussy. 

The rest of us sat there mesmerized by the X-rated show we had witnessed while Joanne walked over to the bar, cleaned herself and threw down another shot of vodka. She came back to her chair as if nothing had happened and sat down. She looked over at me and smiled defiantly.

"So now can I have some chips, dear?" 

I was sure she really didn't want me to give her any chips, but I had to put on a good show for the sake of the others.

"Listen, Jo, why don't you call it a night? You've proved your point. You can have your skirt and blouse and panties back. Don't embarrass yourself anymore."

Joanne shrugged her shoulder and scribbled another note on a piece of paper. She threw it into the pot in exchange for more chips.

"You know what… I don't want your fucking chips. And I can assure you that I am not the least bit embarrassed. Now whose turn is it to deal?"

By the end of the bidding her chips were gone. Once again she lost. Rick opened the note and read.

"The winner will receive a five minute blow job."

"Well I doubt if it will take five minutes to make you cum in my mouth," Joanne interjected, "but I'm sure my asshole of a husband will be timing it."

Rick had a huge cock. I could see Joanne's eyes light up when she pulled it from his trousers. She dispensed with the preliminaries and plunged her mouth down over his shaft, rapidly fucking it in and out of her mouth while she pumped his cock with her hand. Her tongue and lips worked aggressively up and down his swollen meat, and making loud slurping and sounds.

Joanne tiled her head so her eyes were looking up at his face. She licked and sucked the swollen tip while stroking him faster and faster with her hands. Occasionally she would plunge her lips back down his shaft and hold him in her throat for a few seconds. At about the two minute mark she pulled him from her mouth but continued pumping his cock with her hand. Her 'fuck me' eyes were locked on his.

"God I love the feel of your cock sliding between my lips and filling my mouth. It makes my pussy so hot and wet. Cum in my mouth, Rick… I want to feel your hot cream splash over my tongue and fill my mouth… hurry… I want your cum… now baby…"

She held her mouth open while her lips and tongue massaged the head of his cock and her hand pumped him harder and faster. She was moaning desperately. Her lust-filled eyes were pleading and begging him to fill her mouth with cum. Rick's face was strained from the pressure building in his balls. 

Time continued to tick away. For a moment I thought his five minutes were going to end. With ten seconds left to go his cock exploded. A powerful jet of hot cum erupted into Joanne's open mouth. She received a second blast that splashed off her tongue and onto her lips. She clamped her mouth tightly around his gushing cock and drained the rest of his creamy seed into her mouth.

Joanne made a show of opening her mouth and letting part of his cum drool from her lips down her chin and dribble onto her tits. She closed her mouth and swallowed, and then wiped up the rest with her fingers which she licked clean. She performed this final pornographic act while staring into my eyes.

"Are you happy, sweetheart? Now all my friends are going to think I married a slut. And you know what… I think I did. Do you like being a slut?"

"A slut? Do you think sucking a cock because my asshole husband wouldn't support me makes me a slut? Well if you think you married a slut than I may as well show you what a slut really is, because you haven't seen anything yet."

She grabbed Jim and Mike by the hand and pulled them out of their chairs. She headed for the hallway that led to the bedrooms.

"Come on boys. I'm going to show that idiot husband of mine what it means to be a slut while you get to enjoy some hot pussy. Honey, would you like to watch your wife get fucked by five horny studs in our own bed?"

My cock was about to rip through the front of my jeans. I wouldn't have missed this show for free trip to the Superbowl, but I still had a role to play in our little game.

"Okay, Jo. You've made your point. I'll lend you the chips and you can have your clothes back." 

"No dear, I haven't even started to make my point. I don't want your fucking chips. I want five hard cocks pounding into my body and filling me with cum. You can either enjoy the show or go for a walk. I don't really give a shit. Come on boys."

She marched off toward the bedroom. The others hesitated and looked at me for guidance. I just shrugged my shoulders.

"You heard the lady. May as well give her what she wants. What can I say? I married a fucking slut."

Joanne was in the bed on her back squirming against the two fingers she had buried up her cunt. 

"Someone had better get up here and fuck my pussy before I do something desperate."

Paul was the first one out of his clothes. He climbed up between her legs which were spread wide with her feet in the air and her knees bent. She reached down and guided his hard meat between the folds of her dripping cunt. She dug her feet into his ass and pulled his cock into her empty but needy pussy.

"Oh fuck yes… oh god… aaaahhhhhhh… fuck me… harder… that's it… oh god I'm going to cum… of fuck… uh… uh… uh… UUUUUNNNNNNNGGGHHHH…"

Her feet began to kick and flail. Her fingers dug into the flesh of his back. She arched her back and screamed. I knew from experience that cunt juice was dripping down her ass onto the bed. The proof was the sound of Paul's balls slapping wetly against her each time her buried his cock in her twitching pussy.

Joanne was still screaming and digging her fingernails into Paul's flesh when he grunted and thrust hard and deep into her body. Joanne arched her back and pushed him even deeper into her cunt. He exploded. I sat there with a hard-on about to rip through my jeans and watched as another man's cum pour into my wife's body. 

When Paul's cock was finally drained of its fluids, Joanne sat on the side of the bed and sucked his dripping cock clean of their combined juices. She then dipped her fingers in her pussy and fed the creamy mixture into her mouth. She repeated this act while staring right into my eyes.

"Mmmmmmmm… his cum is sooooooo tasty and it felt soooooo good squirting into my pussy. Who wants to be next?"

Mike was in front of her in a flash. She pulled down his pants and swallowed his cock down her throat. She worked him over with her lips and tongue until I thought he was going to unload into her mouth. She pulled him from her mouth and got on her hands and knees with her ass tilted in the air and her tits hanging from her chest.

"Fuck me, Mike. And, Jim, get up her so I can suck your cock. I want my jerk of a husband to see two cocks stuffed into his wife so he will understand exactly what I'm going to do the next time he crosses me." 

Mike plunged his throbbing meat into Joanne's swollen pussy. Jim kneeled in front of Joanne and pulled down his jeans revealing a very sizeable cock. My wife wasted no time in stretching her lips around the hard flesh and sucking it deep into her mouth. The sight was so erotic that I did something I hadn't done since Junior High. My cock sprayed cum into my pants without any external stimulation.

Joanne was going crazy slamming her ass and pussy hard against Mike's cock each time he thrust it into her body. At the same time she aggressively licked and sucked Jim's giant slab of meat while she stroked it with her hand. Her muffled grunts and moans were interspersed with loud sucking and slurping sounds.

"Time to switch. I want my husband to watch Jim's big cock stretch my tight little pussy and fill it full of cream. And Mike, I want you to cum in my mouth so Mr. Asshole over there can see me swallow it."

Jim got behind Joanne and guided his monster to the swollen peach hanging between her ass cheeks. She moaned when it slid inside her. Slowly, the long protrusion disappeared up her cunt. She threw her head back and closed her eyes while grinding her ass and squirming on the fat sausage stuffed deep in her belly. She slipped a hand between her legs and rubbed her clit.

"Oh fuck… god it's so big… oooohhhhh… don't move… oh fuck… I'm going to cum… oh god… oh shit… yes… yes… AAAAHHHH… UUUUNNGGGHHHH…"
