 As I showered for the second time that day, I thought back on the events of the morning. It was unbelievable to me. I had just had a threesome with my wife and her best friend. 

'Best friend' was almost an understatement. Nikki had been the maid of honor at our wedding, Brooke's roommate and best friend when I met her, and, from what she told me, they had been fast friends ever since their second year at college. 

She was such a part of our lives. As I had dated Brooke I had gotten to know Nikki at the same time. I trusted her nearly as much as I did my wife.

The way they behaved toward each other that morning, though, told me that it had absolutely not been the first time they had been in bed together. At the time, as turned on as I was, I didn't think I cared if it were or weren't, but, now, I felt I really needed to know if it had been going on while we were married. Had my sweet wife, Brooke, been fucking her best friend behind my back?

If she were bi-sexual then why did she marry me without ever telling me about her desires for other women? Surely she knew that I would understand. I was very devoted to her and she knew that. I found myself becoming angry and disillusioned. 

In no way was I angry at her bisexuality. That was cool with me, especially if I were invited. Hell, even if she didn't want me there, but that was what she felt she needed, I would understand. At least we could talk about it and work something out. I would never want her to live a lie.

No, it wasn't the bisexuality, it was the dishonesty. If she had been fucking around with Nikki while we were married then that meant that she didn't trust me with the truth. If she didn't trust me, then what did we have?

Now, I had really enjoyed the threesome and I definitely wanted the repeat that Nikki's parting words had hinted at, but I needed to know where I stood with Brooke. How one-sided was our relationship? With a girl as beautiful, smart, vivacious, and sexy as Brooke, who could have any man she desired, I had no doubt that I loved her more than she loved me. That was fine. However, for her to cheat on me with her friend was a big deal.

What if I discovered that she had been cheating? What then? What did I want? I had no idea. I knew I had to know the truth and I was formulating a plan to broach the subject without too much drama. Problem was, after the subject was broached, what was I going to do with the knowledge? Demand a divorce? No. I didn't want to lose Brooke over this, no matter what the truth was. Get angry? Probably. Demand an explanation and an apology? Definitely. How could I do any of this without throwing all possibilities of another threesome with Nikki out the window? I was working on that.

Stepping out of the shower, still wet, I decided to put my plan into motion. It was a simple plan; the simplest, really. So, I texted Brooke, *Eat light. I am taking you and Nikki to Olive Garden at five.*

As I dried off she sent me two texts. First she wrote, *Sounds great!* Then she added, *Nikki wants to shop for a new dress, be home at four.*

I found myself dreading the evening. I might find out stuff I didn't want to know, I acknowledged to myself. I tried to shake off the jitters as best I could that afternoon but the thoughts still lingered.

***

Waiting patiently, dressed up in my nicest suit, I finally got a text from Brooke at fifteen minutes after four which read, *Running late. Meet you at OG at five.*

*Okay* I texted back as I headed out of the house, drove to the bank, and took out quite a bit of cash. Well, it was a lot for me. Then I headed over to the restaurant, trying to push my apprehension aside.

When I arrived, the girls were nowhere to be seen. I glanced inside and discovered that there was no waiting list to get in. So, I sat on the bench outside and waited for Brooke and Nikki to arrive. As usual, the weather was nice, so I didn't mind; it gave me time to gather my thoughts again.

At exactly five o'clock they pulled up in Nikki's yellow VW Beetle. The little car was a bit beat up but still cute. The girls could clearly be seen through the windshield.

As I stood up they hopped out of the car. Watching first my wife and then Nikki get out of the car, I was floored. They were both so fucking beautiful.

My wife, Brooke, wore a short, strapless red dress, tall black pumps and her blond hair pulled up in loose curls. Looking at the sexy woman who smiled at me as she approached, I felt so lucky to be married to her. The dress was new and I knew we'd be pretty tapped out after tonight, but I'm not the sort to fixate on money. I'd get paid again before the bills came due. We didn't use credit cards at all, so I wasn't concerned.

Nikki, half a foot taller than my wife, was stunning in a short black dress, which clung tightly to her slim body, and black stilettos. The dress was held up by a strap at each shoulder which left her chest bare. Though her small tits and the dress left no cleavage, unlike Brooke's, it was dead sexy. I noticed that her hair had faint blond highlights and a slight wave to it that hadn't been present that morning. She flashed me a smile before turning to lock up her car.

Brooke came up and kissed me. She said, "You look yummy."

"Me? You look beautiful!" I told her.

"What? This old thing?" she said with a laugh. 

We both knew it was brand new. I said, "I like the hair too."

"Yeah? I didn't know if you'd like it. I know you usually prefer it down."

"I usually do, but the rings are so cute. It makes you look so innocent."

She laughed.

Nikki walked up and asked, "What are you two laughing about?"

Brooke said, "James said that I look innocent."

Nikki smiled at her and said, "Because of the hair, right? See, I told you it was a good look for you." Turning to me she added, "Love the suit, but the way."

"Thanks," I said. "That's a hot dress. Are those blond highlights I see?"

Nikki gave me a big smile and said, "Thank you for noticing. Yes. Do you like them?"

I nodded, before boldly reaching up and gently touching a lock of her hair. As I pulled it through my fingers I ran the back of my hand softly against her cheek. Prior to that morning I would have never touched another woman like that, especially in front of my wife. Things had surely changed. I said, "Yes, very pretty."

She leaned in and kissed me on the lips, her hand on my chest. Then she looked at me and asked, "Are we going to have some more fun tonight?"

I smiled at her and asked, "You need more?"

"Yes," she breathed. "This past year has been so bad for me."

I thought about that and wondered if that was the answer to the questions that I had. I decided to pursue that subject a little later and not do it standing out in front of Olive Garden. 

Brooke stood right beside us, watching and listening. The fact that she didn't say anything told me that, she too, was expecting another threesome that night. My wife was not the shy sort to hold her tongue if she objected to anything at all.

"So, do you want to skip the meal and head straight home?" I asked.

"No, I'm starving," Nikki said and then giggled.

Brooke added with a smile, "We didn't get dressed up just to go home."

I laughed. I had known they were going to say that. I also knew that the little bite I had for lunch was not going to get me through the night. I was hungry too.

We walked into the restaurant and found that there was still no line, though the place was at about seventy percent capacity. The hostess handed us off to a waitress who seated us at a booth deep inside the restaurant.

I let the girls precede me and they sat in the booth on opposite sides of the table, Nikki on the left and Brooke on the right. I hesitated as to whom I should sit beside. It may seem like a minor thing but, especially with the plan I had in the works, it was crucial. On the one hand, I wanted to watch Brooke's face when I broached the subject, but I also knew it was proper to sit beside my wife when seated with a guest. So, I moved to sit beside Brooke.

Brooke said, "You sit on that side, Babe."

Nikki smiled at us and said, "Brooke, you are too good to me. Come here, James. Sit beside me. I don't bite. That is, unless you ask me really nicely."

I couldn't think of anything witty to say so I sat beside Nikki as she scooted in closer to the window. I felt awkward sitting beside our best friend instead of next to my wife but, at the same time, it turned me on. I could feel my cock stir as I smelled Nikki's perfume.

As if reading my mind, Brooke said, "God, it turns me on to see you two sitting together like that. Is that weird?"

I shook my head. It had turned me on to see her and Nikki kiss each other, so I knew the feeling. Though, the thought of my wife with another man was not something I was cool with. I still had too much insecurity for that.

Nikki replied, "Yeah, a little. Weirdo!" Then she laughed.

Brooke laughed too as the waitress handed us our menus and asked us if she could get us anything to drink.

I announced, "I'll be the designated driver, so I'll have a Coke. You girls want to get a bottle of wine for the table?"

They both agreed, as I knew they would, and I ordered a moderately priced red wine. 

I also handed the waitress a big tip and explained to her that we might stay a little longer than most. I had found it better to get the tip and explaination out of the way early. That way, we would get better service and not be expected to leave as soon as we were done. 

The waitress seemed very appreciative as she said, "Of course, sir." Then, after she brought us our drinks and poured the girls each a glass of wine, she left us alone to look over the menus.

Nikki said, "Brooke, what were we talking about? Oh, yeah, I remember. We were discussing how much it turns you on to see me sitting next to James."

Brooke gave her a wry smile and said, "You called me a weirdo."

"I didn't say I wasn't one too," she replied with a chuckle. "So, if that turns you on, does it also turn you on to know that I can feel his cock through his pants?"

As she said that I could feel her hand slide up my thigh and come to rest directly on my crotch. I flinched and glanced at her as I felt her fingers stroke my hardening cock, her fingernails vibrating along the thin material. It didn't take long until I was tenting my slacks beneath the table.

Nikki added softly, "Does it make you wet to know that I'm touching him right now and you can't?"

Brooke's eyes became a little glassy with lust as she watched our faces and knew it was true. She swallowed and nodded as she continued to watch us. Then, ever playful, she smiled and whispered, "Nikki, if you make me so wet that I stain the back of this dress, I'm going to make you pay to have it dry-cleaned."

Nikki laughed as she pulled her hand from my crotch, held it up for Brooke to see, and said, "Fine, see, hands off."

Brooke laughed back at her and then looked at me. She smiled and said, "Oh, don't look so sad James."

Having Nikki show me what really turned my wife on was very surprising. I had thought I knew her pretty well but, apparently, I didn't know her as well as I had imaged. So, determined to really put this new revelation to the test I pulled myself out of my comfort zone by smiling back at her, lifting my left hand, showing it to her the same as Nikki had, my wedding ring gleaming in the light, before slowly dropping it into Nikki's lap as I said "I'll pay the dry-cleaning bill."

Nikki's thigh was smooth and firm beneath my fingers as I slowly and gently pressed my fingers to her crotch. I watched Brooke's face, not even looking at Nikki. I could feel Nikki jump beside me at the sudden contact of my fingers against her lace panties. 

Sure enough, the lust on Brooke's face told me how much I was turning her on by doing that, her mouth open slightly as she stared at her friend's face. It had never occurred to me that such a thing would turn her on that much, so, surely, watching me fuck our friend was a huge thrill for her. I had surprised myself at making such a bold move and it had really paid off, so my confidence was really boosted.

"So, are you ready to order?" the waitress asked, appearing directly beside me. 

I nearly jumped out of my seat, pulling my hand back quickly which caused Brooke to burst out in laughter.

We all shared a good laugh and if the waitress had realized what I had been doing she didn't say anything, which I was grateful for, either way. So, we proceeded to order lasagna, ziti, and spaghetti before she left us alone again.

It was nowhere near time to broach any sort of sensitive subject so I just relaxed and waited for the meal and the wine to loosen things up. I looked back on my boldness again and was pleased with myself. However, I didn't want everyone to get so turned on that I would be unable to get the answers to the questions I had swirling in my head.

Brooke and Nikki told me about the shopping they had done that day. They listed off the different stores they had visited and how, after finally settling on a pair of dresses, they decided to have their hair done. They explained how long they had to wait and how they had barely made it to the restaurant in time to meet me.

The waitress served the salad and we ate. 

As we talked and ate I realized that Nikki really was our best friend; not just Brooke's best friend, but mine too. Though I had always gotten along better with women, I did have a few guy friends. Either way, I wasn't as social as my wife was, so I wasn't close with them. Besides, having a buddy at my small house was fraught with issues I'd decided I didn't want to deal with. 'Yes, my place is small; sorry about that.' 'Yes, my wife is hot; hands off.' So, I was much closer to Nikki than any guy friend.

The salad was followed by the main course and by the time it was done, the wine bottle was empty. The waitress removed our empty plates as we talked. I then ordered a second bottle as the girls demurred on desert.

Nikki was a little more intoxicated than Brooke. Neither were drunk but they were definitely much more relaxed. We had reached the time to broach the subject. I needed answers. Still, I had to tread carefully.

Brooke said, "Wow that was a great meal. I am so glad we decided to come here."

Nikki nodded and said, "Yes, James, that was a good idea you had. I'm having a great time."

Smiling at her as she sat beside me looking so sexy, I leaned back and put my arm around her. I knew that would turn Brooke on. It was a very recent discovery, mind you, but I thought I had a good read on the situation. I didn't want her to feel left out but it seemed that sort of thing turned her on so I was going to play on that.

Brooke said, "Well, you two seem to be getting along very well." She didn't seem upset in the slightest.

"We always have," I told her honestly. "Things are a little different now, but we've always been friends." Looking at Nikki, I asked, "Haven't we?"

Nikki nodded, kissed me warmly on the lips, and snuggled up under my arm. Resting her hand on my thigh she said, "Yes, I feel like we are all really close."

I nodded at that and said, "Yeah, I was a little surprised at how close you two were, though. I knew you were close but this is something else." I said it all with a smile and a light-hearted tone, looking for whatever reaction I might get.

Brooke replied, "We've always been close, ever since that first day of sophomore year. Do you remember that?"

Nikki nodded as her hand found my crotch again and she began stroking her nails against the fabric. As the vibrations penetrated into my cock she replied, "Yeah, you were like a fish out of water."

"It was my first time living on campus and having a roommate. I had lived with my parents for that first year but the commute was a bitch!" she explained to me.

"We hung out together all the time."

"Yeah, every day we were doing something different. Do you remember that time we went skinny dipping in the campus swimming pool?"

"The coach caught us!"

"Yeah, you took off running naked through the basketball court just so I could get away. Or how about the time you bailed me out of jail?" Brooke asked.

"Well, it was only right. I was the one that dared you to steal those clothes."

They both laughed.

Brooke said, "So, sharing you, James, just seemed like the right thing to do after all we've been through. Nikki's always been there when I needed her and I knew you'd be able to make her come better than I could."

"Better than you could?" I asked, taking the opening she had left me. "See, I never knew you were bi," I told her as casually as possible.

They looked at each other, first confused and then shocked. Nikki said, "We're not bi, we're friends."

My wife added, "Best friends! No, James, we only play with each other!"

"So, neither of you are into girls?" I asked. I was a bit confused.

"Fuck no," Nikki said. Then, she thought for a second and said, "Of course, I love eating Brooke's pussy. But, since she's the only one, that doesn't make me bi, does it?"

That sounded bisexual to me. Still, I shrugged and said, "We don't have to label it. I was just curious." I knew bringing it up was a risk and I wanted to make her as comfortable as possible. Still, I wanted to know. I asked, "So, it's just with Brooke. She makes you come?"

Nikki nodded. "As you know, it takes a lot to make me come."

"What have you tried?" I asked, touching on another subject I wanted to ease into.

She rolled her eyes and said, "Everything. What really gets me off is someone giving it to me really hard, like you. But, you also managed to make me come with your mouth, which has never happened to me before. Well, Brooke did it a couple times, but that's it."

"I told you he was good," Brooke said, proudly.

"Have you tried vibrators?" I asked.

Nikki nodded. "They're okay but it takes forever."

"Dildos?"

She nodded and said, "My arm gets tired. With vibrators and dildos I don't get the good pounding like I do when I'm getting fucked. But it's the next best thing."

"Anal?"

She laughed and said, "No way. Exit only!"

"You've never tried it?"

She shook her head.

I filed that one away for reference as I then tried to steer the conversation back to the first subject. I thought I had put two and two together. I asked, "Strap on?"

Nikki bit her lip.

I looked at Brooke for an answer and, after a moment, she nodded.

"Really?" I asked, hoping for an explanation that would lead toward the information I was really wondering about.

Brooke hesitated and if she had been completely sober, she probably wouldn't have elaborated like she did. She said, "Yeah, I guess that was my idea. See, one day Nikki was complaining about the guys she had dated and how none of them could satisfy her. So, I started helping her out. We tried all sorts of stuff but what really worked was the strap-on. I'd fuck her for hours some nights, making her come two or three times."

"Oh god," Nikki sighed as if wrapped up the memory. "James, I was so grateful I'd spend the rest of the night eating her pussy."

Brooke laughed a bit nervously but said, "Yeah, I'd be so tired from fucking her but I'd lay there and she'd make me come dozens of times."

I remembered Nikki dating guys while I was dating Brooke so I asked, "But you still tried dating guys?"

Nikki looked at me with an expression on her face like I was being so dumb. She said, "Well, yeah. Brooke was just helping me out. I've always hoped to find the right guy for me someday. I'm not a lesbian."

I nodded at that even though I wasn't so sure she was as straight as she thought she was. Regardless, that explained some things but I still had questions. While the subject was still fresh I said, as casually as I could muster, "No luck so far I assume, since Chet was a bust. So, I guess Brooke is still helping you out."
