 So my wife Sue and I are in our mid-fifties. We've been married close to thirty years. Our sex has always been ok, Sue is a bit of a prude, a good Catholic girl. We've gained some weight over the years, but she has held her own. We're both about 5' 7", I'm close to 200lbs, she's in the 160's somewhere, but looks good. Nice B cup tits, wide round ass, a little mom belly from having kids. I'm always wanting us to try new things sexually, and aside from some good toy choices, I usually fall flat when my suggestion gets shot down. Threesomes, gang bangs, swinging, all gets dismissed with a laugh or a crinkled face.

We were lying in bed one night watching TV. She in her long sleep shirt and panties, me in my sleep shorts. We've been empty nesters for a while, the kid still lives at home but is gone a lot, and was gone this evening. So, I gradually worked my hand under the covers, over to her nether region, and started running my finger over the crotch area. Sue took a deep breath, relaxed and parted her legs some. I felt her pussy start to part, I made sure those cotton panties got wet.

She finally said, "so you want to fool around?"

I said, "of course."

"Should I shower?"

"Yes, I want you to sit on my face tonight."

Off she went to the shower. My routine then becomes spread the old comforter on the bed, it captures all the body fluids and keeps the sheets clean. Then I get out her two favorite toys, a silver egg vibrator connected by thin wire to its small control unit, and her Hitachi Wand, cord powered. I plug it into an extension cord, then a power strip on the floor next to the bed. Ok, we're ready. I slip off the shorts and lay there waiting. 

Then a thought occurs to me. We just got one of those web connected accessories that can stream from a pc to the TV. She's still in the shower, so I crack the door and say, 

"Hey, I'm going to put a dirty movie on the TV for us." 

She reluctantly agreed, (she thinks porn is distasteful and lude. I agree but I like it notwithstanding. I get the laptop, bring up one of the popular porn sites and begin to page through possibilities. Knowing she'd complain about most of them, I happened onto a lesbian scene, about 45 minutes in length. That should do it. The women in it appeared to be mature, and Sue's body type. I've found my porn choices have gravitated to older actresses. Oh well. I'm old. So, I got it keyed up to stream on the bedroom TV. Meantime, Sue came out of the bathroom, naked and beautiful, and laid on the bed. I started the scene. 

We watched the requisite female giggling and petting. There were three older fifty something females petting, kissing and slowly taking their clothes off. They were starting to feel each other up, so I turned over, kissed Sue, and slowly started rubbing her tummy, then her tits. I noticed her nipples were already aroused. I started sucking the one closest to me, then the other, moved my hand up her thigh to her sweet brown and slightly grey covered mound, and as I slowly separated the lips I noticed she was already very wet. She was slowly stroking my hard cock as I continued to play with her pussy, finding her clit and rubbing. The way I was turned facing her, I had my back to the TV. I kissed Sue's neck, and was at an angle where I could see her face without her knowing I was staring. She was fixated on the screen. She moaned slightly as I rubbed her wet pussy. As I watched her face I saw her tongue gently wet her lips. I turned to see the TV. One of the TV women was lying back on a couch, her legs spread. One of the other women was sucking her tits, the other woman started to eat the pussy of the one lying down. They were all naked and moaning.

I said to Sue, "it's time, I want you to sit on my face."

I moved to the center of the bed while she got on her knees, then threw one leg over my chest and eased up to my face. She always holds on to the headboard of the bed, she thinks she puts too much weight on me. Normally I ease my tongue into her, but as her pussy came into position over me I could see how open it was. I ravenously got my tongue in there, her moans escalated. Looking up I could see she was turned looking at the TV. I ate and paused so I could watch her watching the all women scene on the screen. I ate her a good five minutes, she gets tired of maintaining a kind of balance over me, but she was now moaning loudly. I eased my head up, a signal we have that the facesitting session is over, she began to dismount and I said,

"Grab your pillow and put it over my ankles, near my feet, then reverse position and lay on your belly on top of me."

As she did this, I grabbed her silver egg toy and kept it beside me. As she threw her leg over me I said,

"Just watch the TV and stay put."

I asked her to slide back more, until I was flat on my back, with her delectable wet open cunt resting on my chin. Her pubic hair was wet, her pussy sloppy wet with juices. Sue rested her head on the pillow, watching the TV action. I couldn't see it anymore and didn't care, but I could hear the moaning, along with Sue's heavy breathing. Before I had ducked fully under her the action on the screen had escalated to vibrators and dildos. I slowly started to eat Sue out again, her cunt making wet slick sounds as her juices covered my mouth and cheeks. She was moaning loudly now, so I found her silver egg vibrator beside me. I stuck the small egg into my mouth to lube it, then I slowly stuck it into her open pussy. I pushed it in, Sue went, 

"OHHHH," very loud.

Giving her no time to react I switched the control button on to the lowest setting. The egg in her pussy made a gurgling muffled humming sound, the connecting cord only sticking out of her pussy. She gave up a long, 

"OHHHH, UHHHH."

I increased the speed to the second setting, she reared up on all fours over me gyrating, her moaning now loud and raw. I saw my opportunity to put this over the top. I placed my hands-on Sue's ass cheeks and spread them. I saw her hairy crack and half puckered asshole. Her moaning louder, I forced her ass down on my tongue and plunged it into her ass. I licked her hole and she clamped her ass cheeks around my face as she started to orgasm. It was loud and long, and she gyrated and moved on my face, then she said, 

"Ok, ok."

I grabbed the eggs cord and pulled it from her soaked pussy. She flopped down breathing heavy beside me.

I'm still hard as a rock, during all the excitement my cock was rubbing on her belly, but it did feel good. I said, 

"Get back on all fours." 

I got behind her and eased my cock between her ass cheeks. I didn't enter, I knew there wasn't time. I felt the soft, wet, and moist on my cock as I worked it back and forth in her cheeks, thinking the whole time, 

"My wife likes lesbo porn, this could go somewhere."

At that point I pulled out, my cock exploding all over her ass crack, my pleasured moans trailing off. The TV scene had long ended, a dark screen only. We both laid on the bed for a minute. I said, "That was really good babe."

She only added, "Yes it was."

She got up to head into the shower. I didn't ask how much she enjoyed the lesbian porn, I didn't need to, it was obvious. But I've filed that away for a latter conversation, a latter fantasy that one day might be fulfilled.