 Once, twice, thrice thanks to my editor extraordinaire!

-------------

Robyn sauntered upstairs naked. Looking over shoulder at the scene of the wantonness. She'd enjoyed the evening so far, but she was a little nervous about Ed's reaction. She was with close friends and had always felt close to them as had Ed. Ever since the fateful phone call with Mara she got the feeling that a Mara breakout was coming. She never expected to be part of it, but Mara breaking out and white wine was a combustible mix.

Robyn strolled into the opulent master bedroom, a grand room with high ceilings, windows along two walls with western exposure to a territorial view providing plenty of light in the early evening. A whimsical modern design decorated the duvet cover with brightly colored swaths of stripes and bold splashes of circles.

Mara and Paul entered the room at the same time, Mara from the bathroom and Paul from the kitchen, hands full, with a tray of water glasses and wine glasses, a bottle of white wine and pitcher water. He placed it on the dresser and poured. Sitting on the bed nestled against Mara, Robyn watched the muscles in his back work the water pitcher. He turned and she admired his tall dark and handsome appeal, only the beginnings of love handles forming on his hips. With a tired grin he handed each woman a glass. Each guzzled the cool sweet refreshment while Paul poured water for himself and a wine chaser for Robyn and Mara. He walked back and handed them the wine glasses and took the water glasses back to refill.

Mara scooted over to one side and patted the now open space of bed between the two naked wine drinking women.

'Come here, stud," said Mara taking another large sip of wine. "I know why you can't wipe that shit-eating grin off your face, but now is no time to rest. Robyn and I can wake you."

Paul covered the short distance between the dresser and bed slowly, a cross of concern and anticipation decorating his face. He made to sit down but Mara put out her arm to stop him. He stood facing the bed, his flaccid cock just below eye-level. Mara took her wine glass, positioned it directly below Paul's cock and raised it submerging the head an inch into the pale, golden liquid, scattered bubbles clinging stubbornly to the sides of the stemware. She removed the glass and raised the cock to her mouth. She licked the wine soaked portion before moving putting as much as she could in her mouth and sucking until her cheeks sunk in. Robyn took each wine glass and deposited them on the dresser.

After a few moments Mara looked up and saw Paul staring at Robyn newly returned to the bed, her legs and sex spread and large breasts jutted towards Paul as she watched Mara work Paul's cock.

"I'm warning you, buddy," said Mara. "If you get hard looking at Robyn, I'll fuck you to death, instead of letting her fuck you to death. You're turn, girlfriend. Show us what you've got."

Paul had not grown at all as Robyn leaned down to bring the manhood back to life. She'd never gone down on a cock to get it hard and was eager for the challenge. She grabbed the hairy base of his cock, opened her mouth and swirled her tongue around floppy appendage. She put the whole thing in her mouth. She felt the serpent start to twitch to life, and formed an 'O' with her lips, and with the slightest suction moved her head back until the visibly larger beast fell from her mouth.

"Move aside. Don't be greedy." Mara moved in for her second helping. Seeing the swelling member, she took it in her hand and remarked, "Nice work, sister." Looking up at Paul it was a different message, "You better not be getting hard in her mouth either you manslut."

"Give him something to be excited about," teased Robyn. Mara went into a slobbery frenzy of tongue, suction and head bobs. "That's it. We're not trying to extend his pleasure. We're trying to get him back to pleasuring us as fast as possible."

While Mara monopolized Paul's growing pole, Robyn stood and pressed her body against Paul's right side. She stood on her toes to kiss, nuzzle and lick the side of his neck before sliding around behind him keeping her breasts pressed against him. When flush against his back, she reached around his body and found his nipples which she light pinched. Paul groaned in ecstasy. Robyn continued working his nipples and started a subtle thrust with her hips which forced his nearly hard cock in and out of Mara's mouth.

Mara removed the cock from her mouth, stroking his rigid cock with her hand. Robyn gave Paul's nipples one more squeeze and completed her circle around Paul.

Mara noticed Paul was uncharacteristically quiet. "You're not your normal gabby self, Paul."

Paul thought for a moment. "Why say anything? This is the best sexual day of my life already. I can only screw things up by talking, and I'm not ready for this to be over." He cupped Robyn's trim butt and pulled her to him turning so her breasts mashed against his chest, pressing his lips to Robyn's as Mara went back to sucking his iron hard rod. He pulled away from the kiss.

"Robyn, can you come down and give me a hand, or a mouth?" asked Mara.

Robyn gave Paul another peck on the lips and the closest nipple a quick lick, causing Paul to jerk in pleasure, before she slid down to sit on the bed next to Mara. "Your help has arrived. You look like you have that monster under control."

Mara answered, "I thought we might tag team him for a bit."

"I like the way you think." Robyn scooted tight against Mara. Mara pointed the hard wet cock at Robyn's mouth. Precum beaded at the tip and Robyn looked up into Paul's eyes, snaked out her tongue. The sticky liquid stretched like a liquid web into her mouth with her returning tongue. Paul moved his hand to the right side of Robyn's head and left of Mara's and massaged their scalps while they lavished attention on his cock. Robyn moved the cock in front of her with a purpose and took him in her mouth sliding down until it disappeared.

"Yes! That's what I call going down on someone. She's got all of you, dear. I have never seen that before."

"I've never seen nor felt that before. Her throat is massaging the head of my cock. It's the most wonderful feeling ever," Paul managed to spit the words into the room. "On top of everything she stares up at me with her bluest of eyes. It's electrifying."

Robyn backed off Paul's cock licking the saliva from her lips.

"High-five girl. That was the most amazing thing ever," said Mara. Robyn threw her hand up as Paul brushed her cheek appreciatively. Mara took control of Paul's cock swirling rapidly before encircling the upper third closing her eyes in concentration while sucking before she backed off. She also looked to her husband as her tongue moving languidly on the underside of the sensitive head. Paul groaned.

Mara offered the hard wet flesh back to Robyn. Robyn put her hand around the base and slid back and forth. Slurping sounds filled the room around Robyn's loose suction. After a final bob she relocated her hand to Paul's abdomen and slowly descended his entire length until her nose settled against his skin. Holding his entire cock in her throat for a moment she retreated before sliding down fully, utterly. Paul threw his head back and groaned. Robyn pulled back and looked up at him jacking him with one slick hand and massaging his dangling balls with the other.

"You are a girl of hidden talents, Robyn, and you excel at hiding my husband's cock. You inspire me," declared Mara. "You don't mind dear if I practice swallowing you, do you Paul?"

"Just name the time and the place" answered Paul.

"I figured that would be your response," said Mara. "Until then, it's time for something new."

Mara turned around on the bed getting on her hands and knees. "Robyn, why don't you join me, and we'll see what he can do with that tool we were so kind to harden for him."

Robyn climbed up next to Mara. Robyn looked at Mara and muttered, "I did not see this happening when I got up this morning."

"Why ever not? Wasn't it obvious?" asked Mara.

Paul came behind them and caressed each beautiful women he would enter in moments. His hands cupped and then rubbed the bottoms admiring the feel, tightness and curve. He looked at each back, his wife on the left petite and short, much shorter than the tall and slender Robyn whose back dimpled just above the top of her bum. Mara's short straight blonde frosted hair sported dark roots contrasting with Robyn's dark wavy auburn shoulder-length mane, much of it splayed across her upper back. Paul moved his hands lower to the sweet crevice of the two beauties, their bums squirming in anticipation of the sweet fullness just seconds away. He moved down and dipped a hand into each woman's dripping quim, slipping across puffy lips and entering them. Each pussy grasped eagerly beckoning his fingers inside. Moans of desire and need followed Paul's fingers. The women were ready. Paul was ready.

Paul moved behind Robyn adjusting his cock to the right angle. Finally, years of fantasies about to come true. The sharp earthy smell of Robyn's lust mugged him as his cock tip made contact with her sopping pussy. He slid his length deliberately back and forth across her outer lips moving his hands to the handle-like hipbones. Robyn groaned anew. Mara turned her head to watch Robyn's expressions as she reveled in the feeling. Mara knew the sharp intake in Robyn's breath came from Paul's cock making contact with Robyn's clit.

Paul slid back until his cock settled into Robyn's folds, the tip gently nestled in her entrance. He wanted to savor this moment. Let his and Robyn's desire climb. Robyn sought to be filled, and Paul's body reacted in concert keeping his cock in the same position relative to her pussy. He twitched in impatience but waited until he could wait no longer.

Now. He couldn't delay any longer. His hips pushed.

A klaxon erupted from the doorway. "What the hell is going on here," shouted Ed. Paul's and Mara's naked butts filled his vision. Paul faced the end of the bed and just past Paul's right side Ed could see Robyn on her knees a stunning naked breast visible along with thick brown locks grazing the bed.

Paul froze. Robyn sighed, whimpered and cleared her throat trying to sound normal and welcoming, which she was though given a choice she would have preferred if he had shown up thirty minutes sooner or fifteen minutes later.

Paul took tiny shifting steps to stand behind his wife's open sex invitation and after bending his knees he started sliding his cock back and forth between Mara's legs. Mara took her cue to moan.

"Ed, you made it," called Robyn. The unfortunate result sounded like Lana Turner after a pack of cigarettes and three rounds of sex. She cleared her throat desperately hoping to sound less sexual the next time.

She reached back saying, "Come here, Ed. I really need you." That flopped too as she unconsciously poured all her need into the word 'need' while she wiggled her bottom enticingly like a female chimp, her soggy swollen opening ready for the next available primate.

"Can I speak to you out in the hallway, please?" Ed left the room.

"Coming, dear." She gave Paul and Mara an uncertain look and padded naked out of the room. Her breasts ached to be manhandled, or woman-handled, as they bounced on her way to Ed. She giggled at the thought.

Mara spoke out, "I'll try to take this huge thing solo." A loud moan was followed by, 'Oh, fuucckkk!"

Robyn giggled again.

"What's so damned funny? Have you spent the whole afternoon making fun of me?"

Robyn looked up in shock. Ed stood in the hallway, arms crossed. The veins in his forearms bulged, eyes stared intently and his nostrils flared with heavy breaths as he waited for her response.

"No," she blurted. Seeing he was upset and uncertain scared her. "No. No. God, no," she said reaching for him. "Nothing like that. We've missed you and wanted you here. I've been texting you. Calling you."

He unclenched, slightly. "Maybe you better tell me what's been going on. What's gotten into you?"

The sounds of Paul's thighs smacking Mara's ass echoed in the hallway.

Robyn reached out her hands. He reluctantly uncrossed his arms and gave her his hands. One communicant stood naked, flushed and leaking. The other waited semi-hard in his pants and semi-hard in his attitude. She gave him a brief sketch of dinner, the white wine, the mutual masturbation looking down as she told him about it."

"She has the best tasting pussy I've ever had," shouted Mara from the bedroom without a hitch in the metronomic rhythmic slapping.

Ed raised an eyebrow. Robyn clarified, "It's the only pussy she's ever eaten."

She placed Ed's arms around her waist and pulled him to her. She explained Paul's arrival and what happened downstairs. She tugged Ed closer and finished telling of the tag team blowjob still looking down shyly verbalizing her brazenness. When done speaking she raised her head and saw the amusement in Ed's eyes at her at her embarrassment in explaining her audacity.

"Your breath smells like an open cask of Sauvignon Blanc, but I don't smell pussy or cum."

Robyn's head dipped until they could just see him opening her eyes ultra-wide. Her milky blue eyes sparkled in innocence. She shook her head back and forth slowly never breaking eye contact.

"Penetration, where and whom?"

Robyn opened her eyes wider and again slowly shook her head. Virtue radiated from the angel-like gaze.

"Very good," said Ed pulling her close and squeezing tight. "Very, very good." Robyn leaned in as Ed gently rocked her. "Performance." Robyn stiffened.

Robyn abruptly pulled back and dropped her head. Ed softly lifted her chin with his finger. The gentle finger contrasted with the hard gaze locked on her. "Do not bullshit me, Robyn."

Robyn sighed and stuck out her lower lip. "Mara's tongue probably made its way inside, but I never asked her to or gave permission." She crossed her arms.

"But she loved it," hollered Mara.

Robyn wiggled her face and sneered uncrossing her arms long enough to flip off Mara through the wall. Her breasts bounced in response to her jerky motion.

Robyn continued, "Paul's finger may have slipped inside while he was eating Mara, and I was sucking her nipples." Robyn considered other sources of penetration and concluded, "That's it. That's all there was."

"Your friend's tongue and her husband's finger?"

"Paul is also my friend."

Ed nodded his head in agreement. "I stand corrected."

Ed tilted his head as if looking for more.

"I said that was it," Robyn protested.

"I just want to point out your friend's cock was in your mouth."

"Well, yes, but I told you about that earlier. Wouldn't be much of a blowjob without penetration." Robyn had had enough.

"You pervert," spat Robyn. "He got the full treatment, the whole damn disappearing act treatment. Is that what you want to hear? If you had arrived earlier" Robyn continued "you would have seen the whole thing. Or seen none of it." She waved her arms with a magician's flair, breasts flouncing anew. "Poof! Gone."

"If I had been here, it may not have happened, "countered Ed.

"Ed, are we going to stand out here and quibble about who penetrated whom, or are we going to get in there and start penetrating and being penetrated?" Robyn reached out and rubbed the obvious bulge in Ed's slacks.

"Do I get a vote?" questioned Mara from the other room.

"One last question. It's not to bust your chops, or anybody's chops," promised Ed. "Paul fucked you, too, didn't he?"

"Oh, Ed. I don't know. Maybe he did, and maybe he didn't. It's a gray area." Ed saw that something crossed her mind. She grabbed his belt. "May I demonstrate? Then you can be the judge."

"Be my guest," replied Ed.

Robyn removed Ed's shoes and socks, quickly followed by the belt, slacks and underwear. She stayed kneeling and pushed saliva out of her mouth until her lips were exceedingly wet.

She started drooling as she said, "My other lips were very wet, too." She glanced between her legs in case the 'other lips' reference confused him.

She formed her lips into an approximation of the entrance to her pussy and placed the tip of Ed's cock there saliva dripping down her chin. Only about one-half the tip penetrated her mouth. When Robyn pulled back it was obvious from the wetness on his Ed's cock how far Paul's cock had gone.

Ed laughed and laughed. His cock bobbed up and down. "That was the best demonstration, ever. I almost wished he'd made it further." He calmed after a moment, "And you didn't think I'd mind?"

"I didn't think you'd mind if we enjoyed this together."

"You're probably right, but you know how to shock somebody."

"And so do you. Your voice is still ringing in my ear."

Mara made herself heard again, "I hope you're not expecting me to take this huge cock by myself much longer."

Robyn stood, a coy smile on her face, "We can't leave her to face that ordeal on her own."

Ed shook his head, "I'm not taking the monster cock. We need to be clear on that."

Robyn shook her head while moving her lips silently, "It's not that big."

Robyn took his Ed's hand and placed it at her core. "I know somewhere we can stash that beast for a little bit." She leaned into Ed with lips to his ear and whispered, "I only wish Paul had a monster cock."

Ed's fingers slipped friction free across her flowing quim.

"If you want to sacrifice yourself Robyn, I admire that. Maybe I'll see what I can do to help Mara recover from her trial with my munchkin manhood."

"Ha. Recovery, yes. Munchkin, no. Kiss me." She pulled him fiercely to her lips, breasts, bellies, groins, and thighs tightly compressed. Hot lips slid in molten motion.

Breaking the kiss she said "Follow me." Following Robyn's naked ass had never ever been a problem for Ed. Too skinny to be called heart-shaped, they are symmetrical half-moons meeting at a deep mysterious alluring crevice. No shimmy on her tight bum. No love handles on Robyn either, only the prominent hip bones perfect for gripping.

Robyn climbed into bed and assumed her position next to Mara, Ed strode towards Paul with a purposefully, seriously. Paul only noticed after shifting his lustful gaze from Robyn's full swaying breasts to see Ed's scowl aimed at him. Paul cowered like he was trapped.

Ed lifted his right hand above his head and shouted, "Full treatment! High five!"

Paul's brain process the words slowly. He looked at the hand a second before a big smile burst across his face. His hand rose to smack Ed's at the apex, accompanied by a, "Hell, yeah!"

Ed marveled that he'd just high fived someone who was having sex with a third person. He hadn't expected that today.

"Now I believe my wife is wanting some of that monster cock you're packing, and I have some catching up to do." He smacked Mara's ass cheek as Paul withdrew which emitted a sucked in "Oh" from Mara.

"Someone better replace my husband, asap. Any volunteers?" inquired Mara. Ed rubbed her ass and lower back for a moment before she collapsed on the bed head turned toward Robyn and Paul. Ed stripped off his shirt and spooned Mara. He watched Paul prepare to enter Robyn from behind rubbing his cock between Robyn's legs. Her back angled down slightly and breasts just grazed the bedspread. She looked tense as if coming to the end of a long journey.

"I thought I was ready for this, but now I'm a little nervous," said Mara.

"Maybe it would help if you had something else to occupy your attention," suggested Ed.

"I bet you have something in mind," answered Mara as Ed ground his crotch against Mara's slim behind. "You should distract me however you see fit."

Ed shifted his hip which forced his cock between Mara's legs.

"Remind me what was I nervous about?"
