 Whoa!

When I stepped naked from the bathroom and strode into the living room of our small apartment, as I did every morning, I was shocked to discover that my wife, Brooke, was not the only one sitting on the couch in the living room. Beside her sat her best friend, Nikki, and, wow, was I giving her an eyeful!

Besides my slim and somewhat muscular body, I was showing a shrunken four-inch version of my eight-inch long cock which I knew was four inches more than my wife was comfortable with me showing her best friend.

Doing a one-eighty, I headed back into the bathroom, admittedly showing them my ass but, appropriately, shielding their view of my dick. I darted back the way I had come as quickly as possible.

Giggling female laughter followed me into the bathroom and through the quickly closed door. At least my wife was laughing and not yelling, I realized. She was a pretty easygoing lady but I feared I might have accidentally crossed a line with that one. So, I was relieved.

I went to grab my robe and discovered that it was not where I usually left it. Damn! I had obviously used it at an earlier time and not brought it back. I considered wrapping a towel around my waist but, deciding that more coverage was in order, I instead shouted to my wife through the door, "Brooke? Can you get my robe?"

More laughter filtered through the door and then I heard, "Sure, James. Hang on, babe."

After a moment the door opened and Brooke's tossed me my robe. We lived in Florida so it was not a big terry cloth sort of thing; instead it was a very light and very thin dark blue robe. Still, it covered me better than a towel would have. I put it on, cinched the belt firmly so I wouldn't accidentally give anyone another show, and tried venturing out into the living room again.

My wife was standing in the center of our small living room, smiling at me, while her friend, Nikki, sat on the couch where I had last seen her. Both women wore plain tee shirts, my wife's yellow and Nikki's orange, sandals, and denim cutoffs. We lived near the beach so it was a look I saw all the time.

"You could have warned me that we had company," I complained.

She smiled at me again. She had a killer smile. She said, "I did, but obviously you didn't hear me over the sound of the shower."

Nikki volunteered, "I wasn't offended, James, if that's what you're worried about." She had a little smirk on her lips.

"See? No harm done. I'm going to take a shower before Nikki and I head out to the beach." Gesturing to the couch across from Nikki, Brooke added, "Can you be a doll and keep her company until I get out?"

"Sure," I said. I couldn't deny Brooke anything. 

Brooke is what most men would call their dream girl. Five-three, one-ten, big brown eyes, long blond hair, and perfectly-formed firm full c-cup tits. She was slim, but not bony, tanned, but not too dark. She had full pouty lips and a cute little nose. She looked like the girl next door and a, albeit short, supermodel at the same time. Personality-wise, she was vivacious, confident, and naturally sexy. Overall, she was just the cutest damn thing in the whole world.

How I had gotten so lucky as to get her to marry me was a mystery. Sure, I guess some considered me attractive. I was moderately in shape and, though I didn't have a lot of money, I had no problem with anything Brooke wanted us to do.

For example, just the day before, we had gone to dinner and a play. The stupid play was so fucking boring, but I didn't give a shit. Brooke looked beautiful in her red dress, which had cost us half our monthly income to purchase. It was worth every damn penny.

In fact, that's why it was ten in the morning and I was just then showering; we had gotten home so late.

"Great," she replied, giving me a quick kiss and slipping into the bathroom.

I took a deep breath and gave Nikki a wry smile.

She smiled back at me a genuine toothy grin and asked, "You're not coming with us?"

"Nah," I said, sitting on the couch across from her. Our apartment was small. In fact, it contained only four rooms; the bathroom, living room, kitchen, and bedroom. I considered heading to the bedroom to throw on some clothes but I figured that would be rude to Nikki. Besides, Brooke asked me to keep her company and spending half that time in the bedroom hunting for clothes did not qualify. "I'm just going to relax and play some video games. You heading for the beach a little early aren't you?"

She shook her head and said, "No, we like to spend time talking and if we go too late we can't stay as long because the sun gets too strong."

"So you go to the beach to talk, not get a tan?" I asked as I heard the shower begin to run in the bathroom.

She laughed, "Yeah, and meet guys."

"Oh?" I asked, wondering if I should be concerned about Brooke's time at the beach.

Nikki could see my concern. She said, "Don't worry, Brooke's not looking. She's already met a great guy. I'm the only one looking to hook up."

I was relived and accepted the compliment with only a smile. I asked, "You aren't seeing Chet anymore?"

She held up her hand to her forehead with her thumb and forefinger in the shape of an L. "Loser," she said.

I laughed and then asked, "What did he do?"

She thought about that for a second and then said, "Well, like most guys I've gone out with, he was much more concerned with coming on me than coming with me."

I coughed, nearly choking on my own tongue. Nikki was always surprising me with her brazenness. Quickly collecting myself, I finally managed to say, "You just need to pick better guys."

"Yeah," she replied, thoughtfully. There was a moment of silence between us and then Nikki said, "I'm a little bummed you're not coming with us."

"Oh?"

She nodded and said, "Can you help me with something?"

"Sure, I guess," I said, not really knowing what she was going to ask, but glad to help her.

Nikki had always been nice to me. She was the maid of honor at our wedding and I trusted her implicitly, as did Brooke. Now, I knew that Brooke considered herself the pretty one and Nikki her 'ugly' friend. But, if Nikki were ugly in anyone's book it would only be in comparison to Brooke. 

Nikki was wild and fun-loving but considerate and trustworthy. She was also gorgeous in her own right. Her five-nine, one-forty frame was svelte and very fit without a single ounce of fat on her. She had brown eyes, long brown hair, and cute little b-cup tits. Her skin was dark from all the time in the sun. Her best feature, though, was her smile.

Rewarding me with a big smile, she said. "Great, because Brooke doesn't do it right."

"She doesn't do what right?"

Nikki stood up and said, 'Let me show you." She grabbed the bottom on her tee shirt and pulled it up and off, over her head. She tossed it onto the couch beside her beige beach bag. 

The bikini top she wore under her tee shirt was white with wide golden horizontal stripes. It was held together in front by white strings tied into a bow. The top covered her tits completely but for a little bit of cleavage in between.

My cock stirred under my robe at the sight of her beautiful tanned skin and flat firm stomach. I didn't know what she was going to do next, but I also knew that I needed to stop her. With my wife in the shower I didn't want Nikki to do something that might ruin our friendship or my marriage. "Nikki, I-"

"Do you like my bikini?" she asked.

The top was not that flattering on her but her body was so sexy I said, "You look great, but-"

"So, look at this," she said as she turned her back to me. "See how my shoulders and back are more red than tanned?"

"Not really," I said. I couldn't see a difference. Her skin was nicely tanned all over and I couldn't see a flaw anywhere on her body. My hardening cock could testify to that. I tried to keep it down but my rising desire for my wife's best friend forced me to sit up and try to hide it, lest she see it tenting my robe. 

"Well, it must have gone away after last time, but Brooke doesn't cover my back and shoulders correctly. I always get burned," she explained.

"Oh," I said, relieved. So that's what Brooke did wrong.

Nikki retrieved a bottle of suntan lotion from her bag on the couch and, handing it to me, she softly asked, "So, I was wondering if you'd do me?"

I assumed the double-entendre was accidental on her part but her words forced me to think about what it would be like to really do her; fuck her. My cock was fully hard under my robe. I sat up straighter, tipping my dick down even more so it didn't tent my robe. "I'd be happy to," I said as I took the bottle, really meaning it as the thought of sliding my hard cock into Nikki overwhelmed me.

Nikki turned around and, instead of sitting beside me on the couch, she backed up, her ass clad in her denim shorts only a foot from my face, and slowly sat down on the edge of the couch between my legs. She gathered her long brown hair and pulled it forward across her chest, exposing her back to me completely.

I scooted back to let her sit down and, though I lifted my hard dick out of the way with my hand I had no where to put it that it wouldn't bump into her. Mine was the type that stood out and didn't bend without pain. She sat too far back for me to hide it and so I held onto it with my left hand. She couldn't see me so I just held it.

Nikki's smelled of vanilla and her tanned shoulder's looked silky smooth, the skin flawless. I longed to touch her, take her, fuck her, but I dared not even give the slightest indication of my attraction for her, lest she tell Brooke and ruin my marriage. I had no intention of letting that happen.

She turned her head and looked at my face. She asked, "Is there a problem?"

"No," I said reflexively, one hand holding the bottle of lotion and the other holding up my throbbing prick so it didn't press against her back or ass.

She smiled at me and slowly said, "Well then, please, James. Take what's in your hand and rub that cream into my skin. I need it so badly and I hope you can finish before your wife gets out of the shower."

Was she being deliberately provocative? Was she aware of how her words were turning me on? Was she testing me or was she teasing me? Or was she completely unaware of the effect she was having on me? 

I realized that there was no way I was going to be able to use the bottle and hold onto my dick at the same time. I leaned back as far as I could and gently released my hard throbbing cock. It pressed against her denim shorts and I hoped like hell she didn't notice.

I took the bottle and squirted a liberal amount in the palm of my hand. The bikini top she wore tied in the front and so had a loop behind her neck and a strip across the middle of her back. I pressed my hand to her upper back, spreading the lotion across her smooth tanned flesh.

"Oh, that's cold," she complained. 

"Sorry," I said, moving my hands across her skin to warm up the lotion and help it coat her evenly. I wanted to touch her so badly and here I was caressing her back with my hands. My cock throbbed with anticipation at the thought of fucking her, which I knew would never happen.

"Mmm, that's better," she cooed, leaning back a bit into my hands. "Now do my lower back, please."

I deposited some more lotion into my hand. I used both hands to warm it before I reached down between us and spread it down her lower back to her denim shorts. My cock throbbed as it pressed against her butt and I was glad she didn't notice. I felt so wicked at the closeness of my cock to her, separated only by my thin robe and her denim shorts.

"I need it lower than that," she complained as she stood up. 

She quickly unbuttoned and unzipped her denim shorts before shimmying them down over her firm ass. The bottom of her swimsuit, which she wore under her shorts, was a little large for a modern bikini. It road up a good two inches above her pubic hairline and it actually dropped into a little skirt about three inches long. In color the bottom matched the top, white with gold horizontal stripes. As she bent over, to finish taking off her shorts, I could see that the underside of the bikini was white and it covered her pussy completely.

I wanted to stop her, interrupt her, or do anything that might get me out of that situation but I couldn't. The prospect of her sitting her cute little ass down on the couch in front of me made my cock rock hard and my throat close up at any objection I might have been able to come up with. The sound of the shower was loud in my ears.

"There!" Nikki said as she kicked her pants onto the other couch where they landed beside her bag. Without even glancing back at me she backed up and sat down where she had been sitting; right there between my legs. However, this time, she sat back an extra few inches.

Had I not pulled my throbbing cock up against my stomach inside my robe she would have sat full on it. "Oh god," I whispered to myself as I took a deep breath. However, instead of calming my nerves I breathed in the scent of her, vanilla and suntan lotion. It just made me want to touch her even more.

"Come on," she urged. "Put some of that cream on my lower back, James. Really get it down there, you know?"

Again my cock pressed against her back as I tried to tip my hips up, so it didn't press so hard against her and feel so obvious to her. I squirted a small amount of lotion into my hands and rubbed them down to the small of her back. Her skin was smooth and the muscles firm beneath my hands.

"Ooh, that tickles," Nikki giggled as she swished her ass from side to side, rubbing it against the underside of my engorged prick.

Only the thin material of my robe and the slightly thicker material of her bikini separated us. Surely she could feel my cock as it rested between her ass cheeks. She had to know what she was doing to me. Still, I dared not bring attention to it. 

"Sorry," I said as I quickly finished applying the suntan lotion to her lower back. I wanted to grab my cock again, which refused to go down no matter how much I tried to will it to. However, Nikki had pressed her butt back full against me, trapping my rod in the valley of her ass. To get my cock out was only possible by pushing her away and I couldn't bring myself to do that.

Nikki said, "Don't be sorry. You're doing great. I just need you to put some on my shoulders and I'll leave you alone."

I didn't want her to leave me alone, I wanted to fuck her. But, really, with Brooke in the shower that was not an option. I needed to get this done as quickly as possible. I could only image what my wife would say at seeing us like this on the couch.

I squirted some more lotion into my hands. I ran my hands quickly up the back of her neck and down over her shoulders. "All done," I said, finally getting a hold of my senses, despite the insistent throbbing of my cock against her cute little ass.

Nikki slowly leaned forward a bit and stood up. Her ass ran up the underside of my cock. I was sure she could feel the length and breadth of it but she didn't say a thing as she then stood up fully, grabbed the bottle of suntan lotion I had placed on the couch beside us, and walked to her bag on the couch.

I sat up, tipping my cock down again between my legs so that it didn't tent my robe. There was no way I was going to mention it or show my excitement to her. She certainly felt it with her ass but if she wasn't going to say anything, I sure as hell wasn't.

She turned and smiled at me. She kicked off her sandals and spread her arms, striking an open pose for me, and asked, "So, you like my bikini?"

I didn't really care much for the bikini but looking at her cute sexy, and deeply tanned, body I said, "You look great!" I thought to myself, 'good enough to eat.' I had an overwhelming urge to push her back onto the couch and take her right there. My cock throbbed with desire. Thankfully, I resisted.

At that moment the water of the shower shut off and, two seconds later, the bathroom door opened.

I thought for sure I was dead. I whipped my head around and saw my beautiful wife standing in the doorway wearing her new swimsuit, her hands on her hips. The top of the bikini was a light peach color with big triangles to cover her tits, a long string across the middle to show a lot of cleavage, and a tie in the back. The bottom was also light peach. It rose to just above her pubic hairline and was tied on each side with a bow. Her hair was dry.

Brooke asked, "What's going on out here?"

I was speechless. I felt like I had been caught with my hand in the cookie jar. My hard cock throbbed under my robe with desire for Nikki as I searched for something to say. The shock over Brook's sudden appearance began to wilt my hardness quite a bit.

Thankfully, Nikki answered, "I was showing James my swimsuits."

"Oh, really?" Brooke asked as she came around and sat down beside me.

My cock was halfway deflated at that point. I wondered where all of my blood had gone because I could feel that it wasn't in my face, either. I forced myself to lean back and try to look relaxed since my dick was finally soft enough to bend down and not tent my robe.

"Which one did he pick?" my wife asked.

"He said he likes the one I have on," Nikki replied, performing her open pose again so Brooke could get a good look.

Brooke looked at me and asked, "James, you like that one better than the pink one?"

I was relieved that my wife was not upset with me about ogling her friend and was more concerned about the fashion of the swimsuits. "What pink one?" I asked.

Looking at Nikki, Brooke said, "Try on the pink one so he can see how it looks on you."

Nikki nodded and pulled the strings between her breasts, loosening the top.

I said, "Whoa! You can change in our bedroom, you know."

Brooke said, "James, don't be rude." Then to Nikki she said, "Don't mind him, honey. You'd think he'd never seen a naked woman before. We're all friends here."

Nikki smiled and pulled her top off. Her breasts were small and firm, the nipples pointing right at me. She had very light tan lines covering her breasts from a bikini smaller than the one she had just removed.

I felt my cock begin to rise. I thought about trying to hide it again but decided that, hell, any embarrassment I might cause would really be Brooke's fault for thinking I would not get a hard-on for her sexy friend getting naked right in front of me. I knew it was a risky decision but I felt bold after Brooke had accused me of being rude for suggesting that Nikki should change in the bedroom. I was going to teach her a lesson.

Nikki hooked her fingers into the bottom of the bikini and very slowly pushed it down over her hips and down her legs. The left side of her lower abdomen bore a tattoo in the shape of a star. Her pussy had a small triangle of dark hair above her clean-shaven slit. 

She looked beautiful and my cock began to tent my robe. I didn't try to hide it that time, though I glanced at Brooke to see if she noticed yet. I couldn't tell, as she too watched her friend undress in front of us.

Nikki put on the pink top, reaching behind her back to tie it off. The small triangles of material barely covered her tan lines. Then she put on the bottom, tying each side into a bow. She turned around and showed us that it was a thong that went up her ass, separating her cheeks and it had only a small triangle of material that sent the straps off to either hip. The little dimples just above her ass were the last ingredients that pushed my cock to full hardness.

When she turned around and looked at us, Nikki smiled and pointed to the front of my robe, which rode up so high from my erect cock that she could almost see my balls, and said, "I think 'little James' approves."

Brooke laughed heartily at that as she looked at the tent in my robe.
