 I was walking across the street in order to make the light. I had one real brief glance of a woman who looked like my wife Mary. I saw her turn the corner and then saw her turn to say something to the two men on either side of her. I hurried to the corner just in time to see them turn into a hotel bar. I followed right in and as soon as my eyes adjusted to the dimness of the bar I spotted them setting down to a table. I saw that one man tried to sit next to her but she remained on the end of the seat and he had to sit next to his friend. I saw that the booth immediately behind her was vacant and took it. It was an old fashioned bar that had high backs to the booths. Only the top of their heads were visible. I wanted to hear just what the hell this was. Mary was supposed to be at work and here she was with two strange men.

"So now you know how to get to the office" Mary was saying, "I think you can make it on your own after this." Her head tilted back like she was taking a drink, "So now I think I'll go back to the office and finish my work. I'm meeting my husband when I get off, "she told them and started to rise. One of the men across from her said, "Hey you don't have to run off...your boss said that you were to make us comfortable and I'm not comfortable right now."

"Look that's your fault...but you're right why hurry back now. It only took fifteen minutes to walk here," Mary said. 

"Hey that's better...now about your husband...you don't really have one do you," One guy asked?

"Oh yes I do," Mary said, "And I love him very much." About then a foursome took the table directly next to me and I knew that now that I understood seeing Mary and what she was doing I could get on with my own work. I sat and listened to the conversation and drank my drink since I couldn't go then.

"So you love him do you." one guy asked? "I remember one of the women I used to see frequently also said she loved her husband also, but she wasn't past being up to a little harmless flirting."

"And just what do you consider a little flirting, "Mary asked hi?

" Oh this,"he said and then reached across to plant a kiss on a startled Mary's lips. I found that I could see the booth in the overhead mirror just above it. I wondered if Mary could see me. Mary started to stand then.

"If you guys don't mind this party is getting a little to much for me so I'll put my clothes on and go home."Mary had used a little line of mine when we were a little tipsy and were leaving some friends party one night. It had brought a few laughs form the others. She asked Tony what he meant by that statement. He reached down and grabbed her panties and pulled them off, stuffed them in his coat pocket ,smiled and started the car. He played with Mary's cunt till he pulled in their drive and then pulled her into the house to rape her. 

"We haven't even started to undress you yet." The guy that I had gotten his name as Chad.

" Oh yes Mary you have to give us a chance to undress you so you can get dressed then," said the other guy Harry.

"And you aren't going to get a chance to so I'll have to go now."

" Ok then as long as you kiss each of us it's ok to be left stranded like this," Harry stood and showed Mary the large bulge in his pants then. I could see Mary look at it as if it were a sudden movie shot.

"Oh my God..." she said and I could see her face flush..But from being married to her for six years I could tell that she enjoyed the show. Chad stood then and moved toward her as she stood by the booth. "Did I cause all that?" Chad took her hand and brought it to his bulge.Harry took and brought her face to his in a kiss. I noticed that Mary didn't move her hand from Harry's clothed cock. As a matter of fact she squeezed a little.when he led her other hand to his cock. Then both men felt her ass cheeks while she squeezed Harry's cock too while she kissed him. Then shuddering she pulled away from the two men and pushed between them as she left the bar. Harry and Chad remained at the booth.

"Guess we'll have to finish each other for now...hey Harry I saw an adult book store up the street when we walked in her."   "Then we should go there for a little privacy...God that woman gave me a raging hard on," Chad said'

I was behind them when they went into the book store. They stopped at the counter to get some tokens and headed to the back. I saw a door closing and took the next one. I guess I wanted to see what my wife had just had in her hands' By the time i got the door closed and put some tokens in the machine and looked through the large glory hole there I saw Chad with Harry's cock in his mouth. Harry had a cock at least twice the size of mine. I have seven and a half good thick inches but Harry had to have at lease twelve inches and as large around as a Foster's beer can. Chad was swallowing it readily. I dropped my own pants, either that or tear them. I was hard watching the one guy suck the other's cock. I realized what had made Mary run from the bar and it must have been a feel of that monster that had made her.

That was the time that Chad noticed me looking through the hole. He motioned for me to put my cock through it. I didn't know what to do. I had never had sex with a man before, but I felt as though I had been caught spying on them. My cock was hard so I thrust it through the hole. I immediately felt a pair of hands and then a mouth. There were a couple of tongues licking on it. I guess it was too much for me and I shot off. There was a mad scramble of the two men trying to catch all my cum and lick it off my cock.

I fell back and looked at the hole. There was a large cock sticking through it. I knew that it was Harry's. I didn't hesitate I just grabbed it with both hand's and opened my mouth wide. I sucked it all the way back. I didn't know that I did anything great but I had taken all of Harry's thick ten inches down in one gulp. I heard some moans from the other side.

" Do you see that Chad...he took me in in one suck...balls deep?" I felt good then. On my first cock I had performed something great. I had taken Harry's cock all the way to the balls in one swallow. Now I really concentrated and pushed till his cock went past the curve in my throat. I bobbed up and down on it, Although I wasn't near as large as Harry. I heard a tapping at my door and opened it to see Chad standing there with his cock hard and rearing up toward me. I grabbed his cock and pulled him into the booth. I let go of Harry's cock long enough to swallow Chad's. It was easy although it was still larger than me it was small in compared to Harry. 

Then Harry came in the booth and stood beside Chad, " Suck us both," he told me. I tried but it was hard to get their cocks together. Harry suggested that I come to the hotel with them. There I was going back to the same hotel that Mary was with them at. The only difference was that we weren't in a room and not the bar. Everyone, including myself were soon completely naked. I grabbed both hot hard cocks in my hands and imagined that I was my wife. I knew that she had already felt them and I was expanding on that. I told them to lie down butt to butt. This way I could pull both cocks together into one thick tower of fleas. I looked at the tow cock heads together and licked some cum cum from the large slits, Then I opened wide and engulfed both cocks.

Both men moaned loudly at the same time as I took them both deep. I wondered if Mary would like to do this to the two men. I remember how I had gotten hard when they took her hands and guided them to their crotched. She had not pulled away at first. She gave each a little squeeze than left quickly. I kept sucking till both cocks seemed to swell up more. They both in inundated his entire mouth and throat with a large twin load of tasty sperm. I finally had to take the cocks from his throat where he could slurp down the tasty sperm. Now I knew just why Mary was always trying to get me to cum in her mouth. It tasted good.

Afterward I stood while Harry called Mary's office and talked to her boss. I had told them all about Mary. I could see Mary pleading with her boss,James Arnold, not to send her with the files. Arnold had asked her if she could not control her with two such handsome men. It was decided and he laughed at his witty remark to my wife Behave yourself Mary I don't want to come rescue you."

Mary was red in the face as she took the files and left the office. Those guys were just trying to get in her pants. With a flush she remembered how the two of them had put her hands on their cocks as she left the restaurant. She blushed as she remembered how the cocks felt in her hands. Chad was a little larger than her husband but Harry had been much thicker. She remembered that she had accidentally squeezed the cocks as she was letting go. An instinctive reaction. Now she was going to have to fight them off again. She knew what she would do, she would stand in the hallway and hand the files through the door. Nothing was said that she had to go into the room, just deliver the files.

Chad and Harry had discussed it with me and I finally admitted that Mary was my wife. A jubilant pair of perverts said that we could all fuck her then. Harry took a look at me and said that he had just the thing. It was a latex body suit from their last orgy. It was made of thin latex rubber and had a face mask to go with it. Harry had me don it and then he pulled my cock through the hole for that. He showed me that the ass was bare to allow for anything that the wearer wanted to do anal.

Chad and harry were both naked and sporting rigid hard ons when there was a knock on the door. Harry threw the door open and there he and Chad stood with hard cocks pointing outward. Mary gasped when she saw the two naked men. There were a pair of business men coming up the hallway then and Mary tried to hand the files to the two men that weren't holding their hands out for them. She was so busy looking at their hard cocks, especially Harry's. that she dropped the files and they fell on the floor inside the room. Mary took one look as the businessmen got closer and that's when Harry grabbed her arm and pulled her into the room.

Mary was shocked when she collided with Harry's naked body, especially his ten inch thick hard cock. "Come on Mary," Chad said " Don't be shy...just let yourself go." With that he took Mary in his arms and kissed her deeply on the lips. Mary was too surprised by the turn of things that she kissed back. She felt Harry pull her hand to his monster cock ans she surrendered and squeezed it hard while kissing Chad. Next thing she knew she was being turned over to Harry to kiss. Chad placed her other hand on his hard cock. She let harry draw her tongue into his throat as she began to slide her hands on both cocks. 

"Oh my God...I cant believe what I just did," as both men took turns kissing her and ramming their tongues down her throat. Mary let herself go and even helped as she felt her dress being removed. Harry slid her panties down her legs as Chad removed her bra till she stood as naked as the two men. Then it was time for a group hug. The three of them held each other close and harry spread her legs while Chad worked several fingers up her cunt. "Oh my God ...just fuck me...fuck me," Mary said with a moan feeling her cunt churn from Chad's fingers.

"What about me...don't I get in on this," I said" coming out of the bathroom. Mary looked at me weird but she did notice my hard cock sticking through the latex. I walked to the trio and took Mary in my arms and tried to give her a kiss that she wouldn't recognize as me. Mary was so hot that she melted into the kiss and wouldn't have noticed anything she was so hot. Harry and Chad pushed on her shoulders and she went to the floor before my hard cock. She sucked it in immediately and bobbed her head energetically. Chad had taken her butt cheeks and pulled them up,

With her ass facing him he drove his cock easily into her cunt. She was that wet. She moaned around my cock as Chad began to fuck her with long hard strokes. Mary went crazy on my cock then and that's when Harry stuck his into the mix. Mary looked at the thick long cock next to mine and tried to shove it into her mouth. It wouldn't go so I knelt down next to her as she tried to swallow the giant cock. "Here sweet...do it like this," and I took Harry's cock all the way to the balls. Mary gasped at seeing another man suck a cock but she tried to emulate me. She opened her mouth wide and as I licked the shaft she was able to get a little in her mouth.

Harry was just about done from having a man and his wife suck on his cock, even if she didn't know it, and filled our mouth with cum at the same time that Chad filled her cunt. She screamed loudly with a lot of lust as she tried to swallow the large load and take the load in her cunt. I slurped some of Harry's great load down and Mary swallowed the rest. She moved her face around so that I could suck the escaped sperm from her face and chin. I began to lick off the flow and fed her my tongue which she sucked dry before I scrapped more cum off. "You aren't getting much cum for yourself." she told me with a unhappy look on her face.

"Just you wait," I told her and dove between her legs just as Chad pulled his slimy cock out from her cunt. She grabbed Chad's cum coated cock and sucked deeply getting all the cum from it. I sucked hard at my wife's sweet cum and got the first cum that another man had put there since we were married seven years ago. It was wonderful. Mary had told me about a girlfriend of hers that used to suck the cum from her dates out of her. Mary had been rather forth coming and told me of the times she had been fucked in college. A total of six times. Now she could add a seventh to that. Afterward we all lay naked on the bed and kissed each other Mary confessed.

"Look guys I didn't mean for this to happen...I am married and really love my husband very much...if he were the kind to enjoy this sort of thing then I would be more than happy but I love him the way he is and I feel that I have just cheated on him but when you guys stood there with these hard cocks I lost it...I feel that I should go home and confess it all to Jim right now..." She was interrupted by another knock on the door and Chad got up to open the door for James Arnold, her boss.

"I just knew that she couldn't resist those big hard cocks of yours...well Mary I am not here to rescue you but to fuck you too. I have watched you for years as my employee and lusted after you," Arnold said. 

Mary didn't know what to think. She had given in to the lust of the three men and now she had recaptured her wits. "Mr Arnold I know how you want me...I see the way you looked at me at work, but I can't cheat on my husband anymore. Jim is expecting me home and I am already fucked once by a larger cock...I will have to tell him and hope he loves me enough to forgive me."

" Even for something like this?" Arnold had taken off his clothes and for the most part he was as she had pictured, slightly built, knobby knees. But it was what swung beneath them. James Arnold had a cock that hung down of it's own weight well below his knees. She now saw why he wore such baggy pants. James Arnold's cock grew hard at the sight of his employees naked body. It swelled to the thickness of a wine bottle and was more than thirteen inches long.

Mary looked at Arnold's cock with obvious lust but she shook her head... "Boss I would have sex with you but only if Jim said I could. I could never fuck you without him noticing that I was stretched all out of shape." She shivered. Never could she have imagined that Arnold had the cock he had. She saw him in an entirely different light other than her mild mannered boss who she cared a lot for. He was the best boss a person could have and now this.

Mary's husband, Jim, looked at his wife's face,filled with lust for her boss' huge cock. He began to peal the latex suit and the mask off. Mary looked shocked to see her husband looking at her. The same man that had sucked the large cock of Harry with her. She looked shocked as she saw her husband emerge from the latex suit. Why...she had just sucked Harry's giant cock with him, had even swallowed his cum and licked each others mouths to get the residue out. Jim...Jimmm..I am naked and cum is running down my legs from Chad you ...and you aren't mad that I am naked with two strangers."

"Now Mary how can they be strangers...we all sucked each others cock before you came here and you have let Chad fuck you and we have sucked Harry's cock" Jim held Mary and kissed her cum stained lips. 

Jim it's all your fault...if you hadn't left these magazines where I could see them...see all those big cocks... I had thought you left them for me but after watching the way you sucked Harry's cock...I wonder if they were for me or you." Mary said taking glances at Arnold's large cock as it hardened to an even larger size.

" The thing is Mary," Jim said " Is that we have crossed that line. I watched you lap on Harry's large cock and I saw the way you pushed your butt back for Chad...you wanted to get fucked...didn't you? " he said, "Admit it darling," 

"Yes...yes I did want to get fucked from the minute that I felt those cocks...I felt so bad wanting to cheat on you...my husband...my love." She sniffled and licked some cum that ran from her face to her chin.

" "See how you are Mary...just now you showed me how much you love cum...how much you love to suck cock...to get fucked like Chad did you." Jim didn't let her alone for a minute.

"Ok Jim Ok...Look at what I am going to do with Mr Arnold now...he has been so good to us and Now I can pay him back." She turned and took the slight man in her arms and kissed him on the lips. She kissed him deeply and soon Jim and the others saw their tongues start to do battle. "Look Mr Arnold...look at this." Mary spread her legs and opened her cunt up with one hand. She brought Arnold's hand to her cunt pushing his fingers in her. " How many times have you wanted to do this lover...yes I'll call you lover now...I don't how we'll manage but I am going to have this beautiful large cock in my cunt...Your secretary's cunt...fucking me..and fucking me till I can't stand.

Arnold shoved his hand the rest of the way in Mary's cunt. He encountered some of Chad's cum but that was good. He would have to have all the guy's cum in her for him to fit. He told Jim and the other two that they would have to fuck Mary first and get her stretched out for him. Jim was all for it but Chad beat him to it. "Hey Jim don't feel left out Get behind me and fuck your wife's cunt with me."

Jim knew that Chad had a larger cock than him by an inch or so and some thickness. Mary was on her back and Chad moved to the side with his cock still in her. Jim laid down next to them and eased his cock into Mary's cunt. It went in a few inches and Mary screamed." Oh God yes give me two cocks at once...Do you want your cock in my cunt with another cock Jim?" Mary asked.

Jim answered her by shoving hard og his cock till it slid in tightly alongside Chad's cock. Together they establish a beat whereas Chad's cock went deep in Mary's cunt while Jim pulled almost all the way out. Then on the next stroke Jim shoved his cock in a deep as he could while Chad;s cock slid out. The feeling of the wet hot cock next to his was unimaginable. The two men see sawed Mary's cunt for a long time till Jim felt Chad's cock bathe his cock in hot sperm. This brought his cum also and the two cocks spurted load after load in Mary's cunt.

"Oh my God that was too much...I can't describe the feeling of two cocks in me," Mary said gasping for breath. No sooner than Jim and Chad had vacated her cunt than Harry was between her leg pushing hard to stretch her cunt around his thick cock. Mary felt the difference immediately. Harry was thicker that Jim and Chad placed side by side. Mary grit her teeth and let Harry push her apart. She knew that she had to take Harry's cock or she would never be able to take Arnold's and she truly wanted to fuck him for being the kind man he was.
