 After laying in bed for a while, holding both girls' hands, the bedroom started getting dark. I turned to switch on my reading lamp, and kissed Jennifer, my wife's eighteen year old cousin. She rolled to her side and put her arm around me as I faced toward my wife, Angie. I kissed Angie, and tasted my cum on her lips. 

"I feel left out," Jennifer said.

Angie got up on her elbow. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah. I haven't really come yet, and I'm still kind of horny."

"Oh, baby we can fix that, right Jim?"

"Of course we'll fix that," I said. I turned toward her and dug one arm under, the other around her, and lifted her onto me, both of us laughing. She kissed me. I turned again and landed her between Angie and me, then started to suck on her left breast while stroking her thigh.

Angie, still up on one elbow, watched. When I glanced at her, she was staring at Jennifer's right nipple. I was wondering what she was thinking, when she suddenly bent down and took it in her mouth. 

Jennifer arched her back. "Oooooh!" she moaned.

I didn't know my wife would do this. Or that Jennifer would. My cock started to come back to life.

As my finger felt for Jennifer's pussy, I felt Angie's hand in the same place. I moved mine to let her do it, and just kissed Jennifer's body everywhere I could reach. 

Her fingers ran through my hair as Angie and I kissed and sucked on her breasts, sometimes stopping to kiss each other and touch tongues. I moved up to Jennifer's neck, and Angie followed. 

Jennifer smiled and moaned, "Oh, whoever's doing that, keep it up."

Angie kept her fingers working on Jennifer's pussy as we each kissed her cheek.

I kissed her her mouth, then she turned and Angie kissed it. Jennifer's hand appeared, combing through Angie's wild blonde hair and pulling her toward her. They kissed furiously, and I just watched. Angie's hand moved in a blur around Jennifer's clit, and Jennifer's breathing quickened, howling through her nose as small whimpers came from her throat. 

Angie's mouth shifted to where her tongue must have been deep into Jennifer's. Then the young girl's hips started bucking as she strained against my wife's touch. She let out a long, thin cry, squeezing her eyes shut, then collapsed limp on the bed.

Angie gently blotted the perspiration from her cousin's forehead and kissed it tenderly. Then she wiped her cheek, followed by another kiss. And then kissed her lips again with the same slow burning passion I'd had when I kissed her. 

In a few minutes, they were both asleep. I lay there watching their beautiful faces, feeling like the luckiest man in the world. 

I woke up and looked at the clock. Man, it was late. We'd really slept deeply; both women were still sound asleep on either side of me. I felt more relaxed than I'd felt in years, at peace on this beautiful morning. Not totally awake, though, so the previous day's events weren't in my mind. My wife was to my right, her sexy young cousin to my left, and we were all naked. Did I really get to fuck Jennifer? That's just too good to be true. Naw, couldn't have happened; must have been a dream. I don't know how Angie ever let her sleep in our bed, let alone next to me, knowing how I wanted her. 

Wait, Angie was kissing her, wasn't she? There was the couch, my wife's hand in my pants, Jennifer came out of the shower, sat by me. Yes. Holy shit, all that really did happen. My God, I can't believe it. 

Angie stirred, rolling over toward me, stretching her arms. Her eyes opened a crack and she smiled. "Is she awake?" she whispered.

"No."

She moved gently toward me, put her arms around my waste, and kissed me. As I held her close, she whispered, "Last night was awesome, wasn't it?"

"It was a dream come true."

"Better than I ever hoped it would be," she added.

"Really?"

"Yeah, I've thought about it a while. I know you wanted it, I did too. Just never dreamed it would be so great."

"I hope she liked it, too."

"We'll see. I was thinking of slipping out to get some stuff to make breakfast," she said as she pushed the covers aside and swung her legs off the bed. "I'll just go up to the grocery store real quick."

"I'll get some coffee brewing, then."

She pulled on a pair of jeans without bothering with underwear, which I'd never seen her do before. Then she pulled a T-shirt over her head, onto her bare chest. My cock began to stiffen, picturing her walking around in public like that. Her tits bobbing, nipples showing, and men staring at her, wanting to fuck her. 

After slipping on a pair of flip flops, she gave me a kiss and said, "Be a good boy. No playing around with Jennifer behind my back, ok?"

I tried not to show my bewilderment. "Ok- "

My wife quietly went out the front door, and when her car had pulled out of the driveway, I turned toward Jennifer and just watched her sleeping.

It wasn't long before she started to wake up. Her short brown hair hung across her face, her pretty brown eyes squinting in the morning light. She smiled.

"Good morning, sweetheart," I said.

"Jimmy," she said, squirming toward me. Her legs wrapped around mine and she kissed me noisily on the lips.

"Angie went to the store to get some breakfast. She told me not to touch you while she was gone."

She pulled back and gave me a disbelieving look. "Hmm, she sounds jealous."

"She sure wasn't jealous yesterday."

"Maybe she wants me to herself," she teased.

"Could be. Whatever it is, I don't think I'm going to listen to her." I held her to me and kissed her. Our bodies pressed against each other in wild sexual passion. My cock was completely stiff and digging into her thigh as my hand felt the soft smooth flesh of her young ass. 

I moved to get on top of her, kissing her neck, then her left breast. The hardening nipple felt good in my mouth, the ripe young eighteen year old flesh like a mouthful of candy. I had the urge to bite hard, but didn't. Her right breast was next, and with my hand I felt for her pussy to see if it was wet. 

"You're a little dry. Let me fix that," I said, moving down to lick her pussy. 

"Mmm," she moaned, squirming slightly. 

Her heat warmed my tongue, and I tasted her pussy juice and took the scent deep into my nostrils. She seemed wet enough, so I lay my cock there at her vagina and slowly worked it in between the soft tender lips.

She kissed me. "I can taste my pussy in your mouth."

"Do you like it?"

"Mm hm."

"Do you want to taste Angie's pussy?"

"Yeah, I do."

I rammed my rock-hard cock into her, and she bit her lower lip, closing her eyes. Knowing Angie would be home soon, and feeling pure lust for this hot teenage girl, I started ramming her hard – bang, bang, bang. The bed creaked. I felt the climax coming and slowed my rhythm to a steady grind. 

"Ohh," she moaned.

I thought I heard Angie's car roll into the driveway, and concentrated harder on fucking her cousin. With a gyrating motion I brought my orgasm to a climax and let it release my sperm deep inside her body. 

I had no idea if Angie had come into the house or not, but I pulled my cock out of Jennifer gently and moved to her side. It was then I heard Angie's footsteps in the hallway, and Jennifer yanked the sheet over her to hide my cum dripping from her hole. Angie went into the bathroom instead of our bedroom, and we both breathed a sigh of relief. 

"I thought you were going to make coffee," she said.

"I was just about to."

"Is Jennifer up?"

"She's just waking up."

Angie flushed, washed her hands, and poked her head into the bedroom, blowing Jennifer a kiss. "Morning, darlin'."

She blew a kiss back at my wife. 

As Angie strutted to the kitchen she said, "You better have behaved while I was gone, Jim."

Jennifer and I giggled and I kissed her. 

I pulled on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, while Jennifer put on her satin robe. Angie made us an excellent breakfast, and we relaxed in the living room over coffee. Jennifer was sitting in a spot where I could see between her legs while Angie couldn't, and I saw my cum all over her thigh, dripping onto her robe and darkening it. I pictured Angie licking it off, and hoped she wasn't serious about Jennifer and I not going behind her back. 

"Well, guys, I stopped somewhere after the grocery store to get my cousin a present," Angie said with a sly grin. She sat on the sofa, her legs tucked under her, and her nipples poking through her T-shirt.

Jennifer perked up. "What is it?"

"You'll see." She winked at her cousin. "It's something Jim will really like."

"Oh?" I said.

"I'll show you in a minute." She slurped some coffee. "Be patient."

I watched Jennifer staring into my wife's eyes, looking serene and in love. Angie looked intensely at her cousin over the rim of her coffee cup, one side of her mouth curled upward.

"Jimmy, there's a bag in the kitchen, on the floor. Will you bring it here, honey?"

I got up to find it. A plain paper bag, stapled at the top. Darn, can't see what's inside.

"Jen, honey, I'd like you to open the bag in the bedroom, and put on what's inside. Then come out here and show it to us."

I handed Jennifer the bag, and she got up. Angie and I watched her tight young ass swinging in the shiny satin robe as she walked down the hall.

"So what is it?" I asked as I sat by my wife.

Laughing, she said, "You'll see. Be patient."

I put my hand on her thigh, feeling her tight jeans. She spread her legs and I felt my way up toward the warmth of her crotch. "You know, I thought about you out there, in public, with no underwear, no bra."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, we should go out like that more often."

"It turned me on, too. My nipples were hard the whole time."

"I'll bet you got a lot of stares."

"Not really. No one was there this time of day. I wonder what's taking Jennifer so long?"

I thought she must have been wiping my cum off her leg, and almost said so, but held back. 

Then our bedroom door opened, and the sexiest thing I'd ever seen in my life strutted down the hall toward us.