 My wife Angie, her eighteen year old cousin Jennifer, and I got up from the couch. I took Jennifer's hand and we went down the hall to the bedroom, with Angie following behind. My wife and I were naked, but Jennifer's black satin bathrobe fluttered loosely around her. When we reached the side of the bed, I pulled her to me, put my arms around her, and held her tight. We kissed like animals as my wife went around to her side of the bed.

This had been the strangest and most wonderful day of my life. Angie knew I had the hots for her cousin, but at first she was jealous and didn't want to talk about it. After a few years, our sex life had relaxed quite a bit, and she started to open up. We talked about our sexual fantasies. She told me hers, and they made me horny -- not a bit jealous. I told her mine, which included fucking her teenage cousin Jennifer. Gradually, Angie seemed to warm up to my fantasies, and pretty soon we were acting them out in bed together. "Call me by her name," Angie said. It drove me wild to pretend I was fucking her cousin, and even wilder that she was going along with it.

Seducing Jennifer behind Angie's back just wouldn't have been right, and it wouldn't have been that much fun. Always wondering if someone would find out. When Angie and I opened up to each other, especially about my wanting Jennifer, it was the most exciting and erotic thing I'd ever felt. Fucking my wife's cousin with her permission; even with her watching and enjoying it. 

As I stood there by the bed kissing Jennifer and looking into her warm brown eyes, I couldn't believe this was really happening. We hadn't seen her since she graduated from High School, and now that she was about to leave for college she decided to come visit us for the weekend. Angie didn't say a word about my fantasy, no warnings not to try anything. I didn't say anything either. 

We picked her up at the airport, and I got a hard on the instant I saw her. The hug she gave me was pretty exciting, too. I felt her against my crotch as she kissed my cheek. Expecting to hear something from Angie afterward, I started to wonder if she'd even noticed.

Then after Jennifer was settled in and had taken a shower, my fantasy was coming true.

My wife lay on the bed watching my kissing her cousin and stroking her own pussy. I pulled off Jennifer's robe and draped it on the night stand. Her nubile young body glowed in the afternoon light streaming into the window, nipples dark and hard, her pubic hair soft. 

"Lay down, Jen," Angie said.

She got on the bed and lay next to my wife. 

"Now, honey, fuck her."

My heart skipped a beat. I climbed on the bed, positioning myself over Jennifer, feeling the warmth of her legs against mine. She smiled.

I couldn't get enough of her full round lips, and I kissed them yet again as I lowered my body onto hers. I felt her hands caress my back, then move across my ass.

"Squeeze his butt, Jen."

She did as she was told. I kissed her neck. Then moved down to her chest. Each breast got a long deep kiss. Then her soft belly. Her warm smooth skin was like ripened fruit. Then I moved lower. She spread her legs as I placed my face between them and probed her pussy with my tongue.

Angie was stroking her tits and her crotch as she watched us. My tongue found its way into Jennifers' vagina and her wet heat filled my face. Her pussy-scent dazzled my nostrils. I found her clitoris and my tongue gently stroked it. She gasped. I thrust my tongue as far into her vagina as it would go, feeling for her G-spot. I saw out the corner of my eye Jennifer's hand grasp the sheet, and Angie held it in hers. I didn't want to take her too far just yet, so I pulled away.

"Fuck her, Jim. She's ready. Fuck her like you've practiced with me." 

I didn't need to be told, of course, but Angie's encouragement certainly made my blood flow faster.

Positioning my cock near Jennifer's pussy, I probed for the opening and gently put it in just a small amount. Jennifer's eyes shut tight. I pushed a little more.

"Is she tight?" Angie said. "Is she tight the way you like it?"

"Oh, she's very tight," I said, looking at Jennifer's sweet face. 

I pushed a little deeper.

Jennifer opened her eyes and smiled at me.

A little deeper. My cock was being squeezed hard enough to hurt a little, but I wasn't about to stop. With a final thrust I pushed it in as far as it would go. The feeling was incredible. 

"Now, move your hips with him," Angie said.

I started rocking and thrusting into Jennifer, feeling every stroke rush through my body. Her hips moved with me awkwardly at first, but she soon got the hang of it. I was more concerned with coming too soon and not enjoying the moment, and went slow to make it last. 

We'd moved together for a few minutes, Angie holding Jennifer's hand tight, and I couldn't hold back any longer. Drawing it out as long as I could, I released my cum into Jennifer with a force that almost made me black out. 

When it was through, I carefully pulled my cock out of her pussy. Cum oozed out around it, and Jennifer reached down to touch it. She brought her finger to her mouth and licked the sticky white cum.

"How do you like it?" Angie asked.

Jennifer got some more on her fingers and slurped it off. Smiling, she said, "I like it."

"Me, too," Angie said, reaching to scoop up some on her own fingers. "I like to suck it off his cock, too."

Jennifer sat up and went for my cock, sucking all the cum from it. She seemed to have a natural talent for sucking, one that Angie took a while to develop. 

When they had licked up every drop of cum, we all lay on our backs and rested. I held Angie's hand in my right, Jennifer's in my left.