 After that evening of telling about Don and I exchanging oral sex, I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop and it never did. She just went on like nothing ever happened. Didn't have sex, or anything to let me know if she was repulsed or found it sexy or what. Nothing. After a week or so I totally forgot about it, back to sex being a hit or miss proposition.

Then as I am getting ready for bed the second Friday night after telling the tale, she asked me if I had talked to Don since she and I had been married that she didn't know about. And I am thinking that she was just worried that I had an affair with him. I told her that I have talked to him once or twice online but that was it.

"Did you want to though?" she asked, looking me directly in the eyes.

" Haven't even thought about him that way, since before we got together hon." I told her honestly.

"Oh." She said, sounding sort of disappointed. Then asked, "But you did enjoy being with him, I mean you did say that there was more than one time after that first time?"

"Yeah, I enjoyed it dear, what is it you are wanting to know? Or trying to figure out?" 

"Oh, it isn't like that. It's just that I really want to know, I mean since I have already had sex with him by proxy, through you, I am going to have sex with him directly, so that I can experience him for myself." She bluntly put out and as if that wasn't a big enough bombshell she continued, "Tonight, and you are going to be here."

"But.. " I start spluttering and was abruptly cut off.

"But nothing, he is already on his way here and he, by the way is looking forward to seeing you again."

An old friend of mine is on his way over here to have sex with my wife. And she is wanting me to what..? "What am I supposed to do, go sit in the living room and listen while you fuck a friend of mine?" I demanded.

"Oh, nothing of the sort. You will be right in here with us, in fact I asked him if you were a good cocksucker and he said that he still jerks off at night remembering you." 

Stark raving terror coursed through me. Insecurity because I know that he is bigger than me, and afraid she will enjoy him more and that may be the whole point to the lack of sex everything, I just don't 'do it' for her anymore. Fear that she will want me to have sex with him and that I may enjoy it and it will hurt her. Something of what I was feeling must have shown on my face, because she laughed and said, "look I have had bigger men before and it isn't the size that I am after. You have always satisfied me, I just am trying to figure something out for myself. I want you to enjoy this and I hope that I do enjoy it myself. So stop panicking." 

About then I could hear the neighbors dogs barking and knew that he was there. "Timed that just about right didn't you?"

She laughed and said, "Didn't want you to have a chance to run out on this."

I could hear the car door shut and Rhonda left the room that point to go let him in. I just stood there like a stump. I could hear them laughing coming in, I thought I heard them kissing. Then they came down the hall to the bedroom where I was standing there holding my blanket up in one hand and I realized I was only wearing my shorts. I had been getting ready to turn in after all. I had looked down and noticed that I was fatter now then I was the last time he and I were together and just looked up as they entered the room her holding his hand pulling him in. He smiles across the bed at me and says, "already prepared I see?"

Rhonda tells him, "Oh no, I just caught him as he was getting ready for bed, before I told him what was going on." She giggled at this, "He always goes to bed so early so I figured I would wait and spring it on him so he wouldn't have time to think about it too much."

"Wow, ok, man buddy when did you start going to bed so early?" 

"Nine isn't that early, besides I'm up early every day for work and stuff." I said, starting to be a bit peeved at feeling like I have to defend myself.

"Well enough about all of that, so there is only one part of that conversation that is actually relevant, and that is about this here bed. And well Nick here is already, well almost naked. Nick get those shorts off now." She tells me. And I can tell that by the look on her face she will hear or see nothing that she has not so decreed. So I just go ahead and start pulling them off ready to be humiliated. Or about as ready as anyone man could be I guess.

I get them off, and stand back up and see that no one is laughing or even smiling. In fact Rhonda has started pulling off her shirt and Don is just standing there like a lump staring.

She gets her shirt off and looks at me and gives me a smile and a wink then looks over at Don, "Well? What's keeping your clothes on? Are they glued in place?" 

"No." Don guffawed. And set to pulling off his clothes. He hadn't gained any weight that I could tell, but then he was always like that, able to eat any and everything and not gain a pound. I was looking down at my ever expanding gut and I guess he saw me looking and he said to no one in particular, "I see I am not the only one that likes big men, you like having a man you can hold on to Rhonda?"

"Yep. And you know I never would have thought I would have, before. So you just like your men well padded or you feel the same about your girls too?"

"Oh I am actually, uh well more gay than bi. I mean don't get me wrong Rhonda, I cant wait to get my hands on you, but I tend more towards men. Unlike Nick here, who prefers women more than men. 

"You aren't gonna be trying to run off with my man now are ya?" she asked with a grin.

"Naw, but then again if you let him give me head like he used to..." he laughed and so did Rhonda.

Me, I was just standing there blushing but I think everyone, including myself was starting to relax. 

"Speaking of which, you have gotten all of your clothes off and I am still dressed. Nick why don't you come over here and give Don one of your famous blow jobs while I finish getting out of my clothes?"

The moment of truth. I could see his cock, which was still limp (I guess he was feeling more nervous than he let on.), and it gave a twitch when she said that. So I figured, oh hell, she won't be happy unless I do, and to be honest, I wanted to, now that it was here. But of course my own dick was still limp because I was still afraid and insecure.

I got up onto the bed and crawled across it. I grabbed his cock in one hand and lay down, so that if I did get hard, I would be laying on top of it and it wouldn't be so obvious. I then pulled the head of his cock up to my mouth and stopped, turned to look at my wife of ten years to see if she was sure she wanted to do this and I saw that she had stopped in the middle of pulling off her bra and was sitting there watching me. 

Before I could get my mouth open and ask her anything she said, "Don't stop on account of me, hon, I just wasn't sure that you would do it without my standing over you and making you. Because make no mistake, I want you to do it. I would really prefer that you do enjoy it though."

I decide that she won't tell me now what the heck this is all about but here is a nice cock in my face and she has said she wants me to suck it and enjoy it, well damn it then I am gonna enjoy it. My testosterone had kicked in and I was hornier then hell. I don't think anything could have stopped me at that point.

I pulled his cock into my mouth and started to suck it for all I was worth, I heard Don grunt, "Oh, oh yeah, how I have missed this..." I could feel my wife moving around on the bed after a few minutes, but promptly dismissed her.

"Man, Nick, you have one hot wife..." Don said.

I stopped sucking on his cock to turn and look at her and see that she was not only fully naked but she was laying back with her legs parted and rubbing her pussy watching me. When I had turned around to look at her she had stopped and then looked me in the eyes and said, "I said don't stop hon. Keep on going."

So I turned back to his now hard cock and started at the base of his cock, licking around the top of then over his balls. She seemed to want a show, hell seemed to be enjoying the show at that. So heck I'll give her a show then. I started stroking his cock with one hand while I sucked and licked his balls then worked my mouth up his shaft slowly sucking and licking till I got to the head which I promptly pulled into my mouth. Now at this point I am rock hard, haven't been laid in a few weeks, and seeing my wife naked and obviously turned on helped me relax even more. My balls are about to explode and then I feel her reach under me and grab my dick. I could feel her trying to get under my bulk and get her hand around it, finally she said, "Baby, roll over so I can play too."

So I turn to my side and gave her access to my already hard and pre-cum soaked dick. She said, "My my, momma's boy is awfully excited, bet it won't take much to make you pop." About then, Don groaned " I can't hold back any more!" and I pulled off of his knob just in time to have it spray his come all over my cheek. Rhonda, pulled my dick into her hot mouth and I had to pull it right back out because I started coming myself. 

I could hear her give a throaty laugh and say, " I didn't think it would take much, but goodness."

Then she promptly grabbed the back of my head and put my mouth to work on her, saying, "Now you will get to lick up my come, because I came first!" 

And sure enough she was soaked, but that didn't stop me from licking, she knows I love to eat pussy and now she knows I love to suck cock too. I could hear her moaning and enjoying me pulling her clit into my mouth and sucking on it, then letting loose to lick her pussy thoroughly. I wasn't in a good position to bury my tongue in her like I am French kissing her there, but I could still give her good feelings.

"Don, honey, why don't you come over here and let me have a taste of that cock of yours, oh don't stop, Nick. So I didn't stop instead I kept on with my ministrations. I pulled her clit into my mouth and started sucking on it, then while I still had some suction I started flicking my tongue tip over it really fast, I could feel her tense up and heard Don groan and Rhonda moan around his cock. Her legs clamped onto the sides of my head and she started humping my face. That made me start to get hard again, then I could feel Don grabbing my ass and he started to work a finger into my hole. Rhonda stopped sucking on him and pushed me back to make me stop.

"Ok," she said, nearly out of breath, "that was intense, now Don, come around here and put that nice cock right here in my pussy, Nick hon, back up a bit but don't go anywhere, I want you to help put him into me." 

Sure enough, Don was already around the bed, more eager then I had expected him to be, that or I was stone shocked. I don't know what I was expecting I mean that was what he was here for, to fuck my wife right? But now here is the point that some men fantasize about, others fear, me, I have no idea what I thought I just know that I went back to being soft when she said that. Don didn't that is for sure.

Rhonda has spread her legs wider and Don has climbed up on the bed kneeling between them and I am transfixed, staring at his cock, and her red haired pussy. He works his way closer walking on his knees and she uses her feet to work herself closer. Rhonda then says, "Nick honey, snap out of it and do what I told you to do."

I reached down and rubbed her pussy easing a finger into her wetness, then I reached across the short gap of few inches and grabbed his long cock. I rubbed the head of his cock against her pussy and I could tell that both were eager for it, finally I eased the head down and into her wet and very eager pussy. She gasped and he moaned and then he eased his cock into my wife's willing pussy. She wrapped her legs around his hips and pulled him the rest of the way in, and I watched as that bowed cock slid in and she moaned loudly as the bow went passed and he penetrated her deeper then I would have. He pushed and she pulled and moaned. In one hand I was torn up and in the other totally turned on.

She settled it for me by grabbing my dick and pulled me towards her mouth. She knows I like for her to take my totally limp dick into her mouth and suck on it till it gets too big to keep there. Don had pulled back some and was working his cock in and out still but better able to watch her suck my dick. I couldn't resist and my dick started to grow back to hardness again. I could watch her suck my dick but I couldn't stop watching Don's cock going in and out of her pussy. 

Suddenly she closed her legs and pushed Don back and out of her. I was thinking, hell yeah my turn, but she had other ideas.

"Nick, lay down on your back, hon." I complied, still thinking I was next that she just wanted to be on top, but no. Instead she straddled my face then squatted it down and pushed her freshly fucked and soaked and wet pussy into my face. Out of reflex I started licking and sucking on her. I could hear her moan at what I was doing then said, "Don, bring that cock of yours around and have Nick give it a quick suck then get back to fucking me like you mean it!"

I felt his cock thump on my forehead and I laid back and before my head was fully back he was shoving his cock into my mouth. I could taste her, her come all over his cock. He groaned and pushed it back in a few times the pulled it back and pushed it into my wife's pussy again, while I had been sucking his cock Rhonda had taken my cock into her mouth and was sucking on it, but when Don put his cock back into her she pulled my cock in all the way and started moaning on it. If this was supposed to condition me to enjoy watching another man fuck her pussy, well it sure was working I reached my arms around her hips and had my hands on her ass pulling her cheeks apart and pulled myself up to lick her pussy or his balls. Then suddenly he was starting to pull back and she was still pushing back and he was coming I had my mouth up and was licking her when I realized what had happened, and some of his come was in my mouth. I just spat it out, but Rhonda she had other ideas.

She sat her freshly fucked pussy that was now soaked with Don's come onto my face into my mouth and started humping my face in earnest. I could hear her moaning; "Yeah baby, eat that dirty pussy. That's right lick me clean, suck that used pussy."

Before this I would have thought I would have been grossed out and would have went totally limp but, no I grabbed her ass cheeks even tighter and ate her pussy like I always do.

"Don baby, if you want to you can go." She said once the flurry of her coming again subsided.

"Uh no, if you don't mind I would like to continue to watch"

She had climbed off of me and laid back, "Come on Nick, climb aboard baby and give it to me really good." 

I set my action to her words and propped her ankles on my shoulders and slid into her now drenched pussy. She moaned and told me to give it to her harder. It didn't take me long till I came as deeply into her as I could.