 My wife is all the time volunteering me to help her boss, Julie. It involves household repairs like changing out a faucet, checking out her air conditioner or trimming her trees, the kind of stuff that I don't want to do around my own house let alone someone else's. I usually try to get out of doing it but my wife nags me until I give in. Julie doesn't even pay me, at least until recently, but my wife makes it up to me by giving me sexual favors in return for helping Julie out. 

Julie is not an attractive woman but she is not ugly either, she is only about 5 feet tall and I would guess that she weighs around 100 pounds. She has a very hot body with large C, small D sized breasts and a cute tight little ass. 

She was recently divorce about 6 months ago which has increased the need for me to come over more often to help her out. I really hadn't noticed her body before her divorce but lately I have been catching glimpses of it every chance I could get.

My wife, Emjay, came home from work on Wednesday and told me that Julie needed help with her car, it wouldn't start and Julie thought that the battery was bad. The plan was my wife and I would go to Julie's on Saturday around noon and I would change out her battery, once the car was running then Julie wanted to take us out for dinner.

I wasn't looking forward to Saturday but when it rolled around I reluctantly loaded my tools in our car. 

When we got to Julie's house I grabbed my tools and started checking out her car. It turned out that it wasn't the battery but the alternator. I took Julie to the parts store and we picked up a new one. 

When we return to her house I started changing it out, with Julie helping me. One of the good things about Julie was that she was not afraid to get dirty and when I was doing what ever task she needed me to do she would be right there trying to help me out anyway she could. To make a long story short we were both filthy when we got done.

Emjay had been watching TV while we worked on the car and when she heard the car start she came out to the garage. She took one look at how dirty we were and said that I needed to go home to take a shower and change into clean clothes. 

Julie would not have any part of that, she suggested that I take a shower there and while I was in the shower she would wash my clothes. When I got out of the shower she would throw my clothes in the dryer and then she would take a shower. Sounded like a good idea to us so I headed to the shower.

I quickly stripped my dirty clothes off and jumped in the shower. I had just started soaping up when Emjay walked in to get my clothes. Instead of going straight for my clothes she walked over to the shower, slid open the door slightly and reached in grabbing my soapy cock. My cock instantly started to grow as she stroked its soapy length. I told her to quit because she was getting something started that we didn't have time to finish. She reluctantly let go and rinsed her hand. She picked up my clothes and said that it was something she would have to finish when we got home.

I finished up in the shower, dried off wrapping the towel around my middle and headed to the living room. 

When I walked in the women were chatting about where we were going to eat, they both looked up at the same time and whistled, and then they teasingly laughed because they had both whistled at the same time. 

I sat down on the couch beside Emjay. Julie said that my clothes were not quite ready for the dryer yet and went back to chatting with Emjay. As I was setting there my towel was beginning to gap open a little, showing a lot of inner thigh. I acted like I wasn't paying attention to what the women were saying and that I was more interested in what was on TV. I kept catching Julie glancing at my crotch and it was turning me on that she would be interested in seeing what I had to offer. I was just worried that I would get too turned on and make a tent in my towel, not knowing how my wife or Julie would react to such a sight.

The buzzer on the washer announced that my clothes were clean; Julie jumped up after glancing one last time at my crotch and headed to the laundry room to put my clothes in the dryer. Just as she left the room I stood up facing Emjay and opened my towel right in front of her face. I told her that this was the restaurant that she was going to get her desert from. She went to grab my dick but I quickly closed my towel and sat back down just as Julie walked in the room saying my clothes were in the dryer and that she was headed to the shower.

As Julie left the room Emjay reached under the towel and started rubbing my balls and dick. I was already half hard from the recent flashing and it didn't take long before my cock was standing at full attention. 

We heard the water for the shower come on and Emjay grabbed my towel, pulling it off my lap exposing my raging hard on and began to stroke my cock. I told her to look at what she had done and asked what was she going to do to fix the situation before Julie got out of the shower. 

She said that she would go ahead and pay me for helping Julie with her car. She swung her legs up on the couch allowing her to lie face down on the couch; she lowered her head into my lap and began to slowly lick the head of my cock causing precum to ooze out of the tip which she hungrily licked off. 

I told Emjay to not mess around because we didn't have a lot of time before Julie finished in the shower. Emjay lowered her head and deep throated my hard on making me moan, she is very skilled at sucking cock. I couldn't believe that I was receiving a blow job on Julie's couch with her just a few feet away. Emjay was bouncing her head up and down using her mouth to fuck my dick and it felt so great, I am surprised that I didn't blow my load right then. 

I don't know how long Emjay had been sucking me or how loud I was moaning but we were both into it so much that we didn't hear the water shut off in the shower. I was leaning back on the couch with my eyes shut enjoying the sensation of Emjay blowing me when something cause me to look up. Julie was standing there wrapped in a towel with a surprised look on her face. I grabbed the edge of the towel and tried to cover up but Emjay stopped me. 

She rose up off my cock and looked up at Julie saying that she was paying Julie's debt to me for working on her car, and then continued to suck my cock. Julie said that it wasn't fair that Emjay pay her debt and knelt down between my legs and started licking my balls. I almost shot my load right then but I wanted to make this last as long as possible. 

Julie grabbed my cock and pulled it gently from Emjay's mouth, she stroked it a few times before lowering her mouth on my raging hard on. She tongued the underside as she moved her head up and down my hard cock; Emjay rose up and began licking my nipples. Man I thought I was in heaven until I noticed the full length mirror across the room; it showed a reflection of Julie's ass. Her towel was covering most of it so I reached down and pulled it up slightly, exposing Julie's ass and pussy. 

What a perfect pussy, thick hairy outer lips with long thinner inner lips. Seeing her pussy reflecting in the mirror was too much for me as I felt my load blow past Julie's lips. Spasm after spasm hit me as I pumped my load down Julie's throat. She did a good job and didn't loose a drop. She continued to lick and suck my cock until it began to soften; reluctantly she raised her head up letting my cock fall against my thigh.

Julie stood up and said that was really hot and that it had made her super horny. She walked across the room to the chair that was facing us, turned around and took off her towel. She laid the towel across the cushion of the chair and sat down in the chair. She leaned back in the chair and put each of her legs on the arms of the chair, exposing her beautiful pussy and began to slowly rub her clit. 

She said that she hoped that we didn't mind her masturbating but that she just had to do something about her aching pussy. Of course I didn't mind and Emjay's answer to her was to stand up and strip off all of her clothes. Emjay sat back down on the couch, raised her legs up so she could get her feet on the edge of the couch fully exposing her pussy to Julie. Emjay then started to rub her clit with one hand and finger her pussy with the other while watching Julie.

This was the first time that I had gotten to see Julie naked. I had seen her pussy earlier in the reflection of the mirror but now I was getting a much better view of it. Her clit had gotten erect from her rubbing it and it was very large. Her inner lips were moist and dangling as she masturbated. The thing I liked the most were her nipples, they were pink, very large and puffy. I had never seen a woman in person with puffy nipples; I had only seen them in pictures or on porn videos. 

Julie rubbed her clit faster and faster with her eyes glued to Emjay's pussy. Both of the women were beginning to moan with pleasure. I was slowly stroking my cock as it began to grow and get hard again, I could not keep from staring at Julie's body as she worked her moist pussy. 

After a few minutes of watching I could not take the sight of Julie any more, I slid off the couch, crawled across the room and placed my head between Julie's legs. Julie was intently staring at Emjay and did not notice me until I kissed her thigh, causing her to give a slight jump. I had my face just inches from her pussy and could smell the musky aroma of her gorgeous pussy.

Julie move her hands from her pussy giving me access, I lowered my mouth to her hard clit and sucked it into my mouth. Julie's clit was huge and stiff; it was like sucking on a small cock. As I tongued and sucked her clit, I worked a finger into her pussy. Julie was moaning louder and louder, I could tell the she was on the brink of a huge orgasm. She grabbed the back of my head forcing my mouth harder on her clit and clamped her thighs on the sides of my head as she let a scream and climaxed. I could feel the walls of her pussy squeezing my finger as waves of pleasure rocked her. 

I continued to suck on Julie's pussy for a few minutes when she pushed me away. She stood up and stepped over me heading toward Emjay. I crawled into the chair just exited by Julie to look over at Emjay on the couch and to my surprise Julie was on her hands and knees with her mouth on Emjay's pussy. 

My cock had gotten hard again while I was eating Julie so I started to stroke its length, watching the show that was playing out before me. I could hear Julie licking and sucking on Emjay's pussy making her moan louder. I thought to myself, why am I sitting here stroking my cock when Julie's moist tight pussy is winking at me. 

I got up and knelt down behind Julie. I slowly leaned forward and worked the head of my cock into her tight pussy. Julie moaned as my hard cock slowly sank into her moist canal. I keep pushing forward until my balls where against her clit. I almost shot my load, it felt so good plus this was the first pussy that I have had other than Emjay's. 

I slowly began to rock back and forth fucking Julie's pussy. I picked up my rhythm and knew that I wasn't going to last long. My pounding into Julie must have caused some extra action of Julie's tongue on Emjay's clit causing her to have a huge orgasm. Watching Emjay spasm with pleasure with the feeling of Julie's tight pussy gripping my cock was too much for me and I let loose sending my hot cum deep into Julie's pussy. I kept my softening cock in Julie's pussy as long as I could; it finally slid out leaving a trail of white cum behind it. 

Each of us lay back trying to recover, I was wondering how this happened and how were we going to handle the situation. Julie was Emjay's boss and I wasn't for sure that I hadn't taken things over the line by fucking Julie. 

Just before I could say anything, Emjay asked Julie if things had worked out like they had hoped and Julie replied that they had worked out better than she could imagine. I was speechless; the girls had it planned all along. I could only sit there as they both laughed at me. We finally got up, got dressed and headed out to dinner. I couldn't wait to get Emjay home to pay her back, but that is another story.