 Carol and I had been married for nearly ten years. We truly loved one another and had what I would say at least, to be a better than average sex-life. We enjoyed spending whatever time we could together, though we had early on agreed that we both needed some time to ourselves. For me that was a round of golf with the guys on Sunday every once in a while, and for Carol, it was spending it with her friends in the little book club they'd begun.

Carol worked as a school teacher which in the beginning she'd started doing just to help out with things while I attempted to get my own business off the ground, which I had managed to do in the small work area of the basement that I'd turned into my own workable shop. It wasn't meant to be a full-time job for me, just something to do on the side for a little extra money. But after a while, it became quite lucrative, quite unexpectedly.

I had started out transferring videotapes onto disc, in the beginning for friends and family until word began to spread and suddenly I was inundated with requests to transfer people's entire collection of tapes. Before I knew it, I was working six hours a day making more money in that amount of time than I'd made at my full time job in an eight to ten hour day.

Then it really got interesting. A few closer friends had approached me about transferring their private little home movies onto disc as well. And before long, word spread that I was more than willing to do that for them too. The next thing I knew, I was getting business from nearly all over the country, just transferring people's naughty little x-rated videotapes.

Carol knew about that side of my business of course, yeah...admittedly we'd watched a few of the more interesting tapes together, some of which I'd made copies of and kept for ourselves. I had laughed though when Carol told me that if any of our friends came to me about transferring their videos, she didn't want to know about it, because she didn't really want to know what friends of ours were doing what behind closed doors.

At forty-one, Carol could pass for a woman in her early thirties. She had dark brown shoulder length hair, though she wasn't averse to cutting it shorter for the style of the day. Whenever she did that, it was like being married to a whole different woman, and often our sex-life renewed itself whenever she did that, which was certainly fine with me. She still had a knockout figure, though she was always complaining about the few extra pounds she was carrying, though damned if I could ever really see them, usually I was just staring at her tits. Carol still had lovely breasts, full, ripe and perfectly proportioned, though there again, she saw flaws that I never did, something about gravity and all that.

When the opportunity came for me to join a guy's golf club on Sundays, I thought Carol would really balk at that. After all, once in a while on Sunday was ok, but making a commitment to play every Sunday was pushing it. To my surprise however, Carol urged me to do just that, saying when she did that she could then host their little book-club at our house on Sundays when I was off playing, which had been difficult for her group in scheduling to do as most of the other husbands (who weren't out golfing) really didn't want to have their day or domain disrupted by a bunch of noisy women.

As it turned out, the offer to join was contingent on my participating more as a substitute when one of the other guys couldn't make it and fill out a foursome. But that worked out for me too, as there was usually always someone who couldn't make it for one reason or another. I'd even quit worrying about getting a call asking me if I was available to fill in or not, so I just showed up and had always been able to play.

This had gone on for quite some time by now, me golfing on Sundays, and Carol meeting with her group on Sundays at our place. The one and only time I'd been told I wouldn't be needed, informing Carol I'd be staying home instead, they had hurriedly made arrangements to meet elsewhere rather than have me underfoot or interrupting their discussions.

Then one day I had gone off to golf, arriving only to discover that everyone had shown up who was supposed to. It was one of those rare times when using me as a substitution wasn't needed. Turning around and heading for home, I thought about how that would no doubt annoy my wife as well as her bookish friends. I knew I could pull around the side of the house without being heard, using the back driveway entrance instead of the front, which would no doubt be taken up by most of her friends cars anyway. From there, I could easily slip into the back door, enter the kitchen, and with luck, disappear down stairs to my workshop without any of them even being the wiser. I could certainly entertain myself down there for the few hours that they met, and then explain it all to her afterwards. Provided I didn't disturb or interrupt anything, I didn't figure that would certainly pose any problems.

Of course, shortly after arriving home is when I discovered one of my wife's dirty little secrets.

#

By now of course, I had a pretty sophisticated little set up. I could record, do videos, and transfer a multitude of tapes simultaneously. I even had my own little refrigerator, which I kept stocked with a few beers, some soft drinks and enough munchies to keep me going until dinnertime. In addition to that, I even had my own bathroom, which is where I now headed in order to relieve myself prior to doing some work.

Sitting down on the john, I could clearly hear the distinct voice of my wife and her friends coming from the sitting room that sat directly above me. Obviously the air ducts were connected into those of the bathroom and I smiled inwardly realizing that. 

"How does that feel?" I heard someone saying.

"It feels really good," I heard another woman's voice suddenly respond. "George would die if he knew I'd purchased this, but I just had to try it!" she giggled suggestively.

That got my attention. I still wasn't sure that I had heard what I'd heard, or even that it had meant what my dirty little mind suddenly thought it might mean. But I also knew George, and now I recognized the voice as coming from Margie his wife. I couldn't really say George and I were friends, more of an acquaintance, with Carol and Margie actually being friends. He really was a bit of a strange duck, prudish in a way, and not someone I could or would ever imagine doing naughty little tapes for. I had in fact transferred a few video tapes for them, but not one of which had even had an "R" rating!

"How's it feel against your breasts?" I heard Carol suddenly comment. "I really like it against mine," she added.

"What the fuck?"

"It sorta tickles, but in a nice way, you know what I mean?" I heard a bit of giggling again, then another low moan coming from someone else entirely.

"I think she's getting close," someone chuckled. "She always gets that same look on her face whenever she cums."

"Holy shit!" I thought to myself. I'd been sitting there, now standing with my ear pressed against the vent. I'd been trying to convince myself that what I was hearing and listening to, wasn't what it really was. They had to be discussing some damn book they'd been reading, even if it was a more provocative one. Now I had serious doubts. Though for the life of me, I just couldn't imagine my wife participating in something like what I was beginning to suspect was actually going on. They certainly weren't discussing any books, though perhaps the kind of books they'd been reading had somehow led to this, which was confirmed to me a short while later, but I digress.

"Oh, Oh, Oh!" I heard then.

"Yep! Like I said, there she goes!"

Someone giggled, someone else began moaning, and then I heard my wife. "Let me do that for you," she purred in that sultry sounding voice I had so often heard myself. "Always feels better when someone else does it for you doesn't it?" she asked.

"Oh hell yes," Margie was just barely able to say. "And like I said, George would never do this for me in a million years anyway!"

Moments later I was listening to the woman climaxing, as well as several others. Dumbfounded, I stood there not knowing what the hell I should do, or say, or react. I had mixed emotions, some of them bordering on the ridiculous when it came right down to it. Was this something I should be angry about? Excited? Offended? Shocked? Well a little shocked maybe, surprised yes...but now horny as hell too!

Things seemed to settle down pretty quickly after that, though they began talking in normal tones once again hearing them dress. "So, we read the next chapter of "My Secret Life", and then it will be Cathy's turn to share either a fantasy or preferably a real experience that ties in with that chapter of the book."

"I thought it was my turn?" Another woman spoke whose identity still eluded me. So far that made a total of eight women, including my wife who was there. Eight women!

"No, you're next week," my wife spoke informing her. "Then the week after that, it's my turn."

"Oh goody!" Margie said excitedly. "I like it when you share something naughty and fun with us, you and Pete seem to have the most exciting sex-life, I wish ours was even half as exciting as yours is," she stated.  I heard Carol laugh.

"Yeah, especially these past few months, ever since we've been getting together like this, I've found myself becoming more and more aroused. And not only that, a bit more naughty and adventurous too! Even Pete commented on that Friday night when I decided to give him a blow-job in the parking lot at the supermarket."

I had to admit, I really had enjoyed that.

"That's what I mean Carol, I really envy you for being able to be so free and uninhibited like that."

Once again Carol laughed. "Now, if only Pete was half as much," she told everyone, or the rest of our husbands for that matter!" she added garnering a general round of laughter from everyone else when she said it.

"Now...who's ready for cake?"

I suddenly realized I was in a very precarious position here. For one thing, the last thing I wanted was for any of them, especially Carol, to know I was even here. And secondly, I suddenly had an idea, though it would take some planning and preparation.  Only once before had I ever gone out the window in the basement when I had inadvertently locked myself in. I'd soon after corrected that problem from ever happening again, but had ensured that the window remained accessible as a way out in the advent of another emergency, which suddenly, this was.

#

I made it out to the car safely enough, and then from there to a local nearby McDonalds where I was sure no one would see me. I sat periodically glancing at my watch, the last thing I wanted to do was arrive early. I didn't want that spooking them or raising any alarms. When it was time, I drove home arriving in the same fashion as I always did after a round of golf. Everyone had gone by then of course, which was also usually the case.

"Hi sweetie!" I said as I entered the kitchen, leaning over to give my wife a kiss just as I also always did.

"Hi honey! How was golf?"

"Same old, same old!" I responded as I usually always did. "How was the book study?"

"Ditto, same here," Carol replied, then immediately wanted to change the subject. "Hungry?"

"Yeah...for you!" I grinned. "Wanna fuck?"

She did...and we did. And the whole time we were at it, I kept thinking about what I'd heard down in the basement, and began planning for the busy day ahead of me tomorrow.

#

Carol had gone off to work to teach her classes. A half hour after that, I headed out the door towards a particular little specialty shop. I had pretty much everything I needed, except for a handful of miniature little spy cameras.  Soon after purchasing the units, I arrived home and began thinking about where I could hide the miniature cameras without their being seen. It was important that they were well hidden and impossible to discover or there would no doubt be all sorts of hell to pay. 

Eventually I found the best places to be in the air vents themselves as well as a couple of smoke detectors I had installed. Carol never bothered any of these, nor would she have any reason to do so. I soon had more than enough coverage in the den where they obviously spent most of their time, one camera at floor level, another looking down from the ceiling. A simple joystick allowed me to switch back and forth between the two, zoom in and out, as well as rotate the tiny eye around the entire room if I needed to. In addition, I placed another in the front room in the event they should decide to use that room instead, and finally one in the bedroom that I thought might be interesting for future personal use along with another in the kitchen area.

I had one camera left and decided to go ahead and install it in the bathroom though initially I had reservations about doing so. But the reality was, should I get caught using any of them, it wouldn't really matter where I'd installed them, so I again checked, and then double checked to see if I could even see, hear or detect them when they were operating. I couldn't. Everything was set, now I had just one more thing to do, and then all I could do was wait for the next weekend to arrive.

I called Steve the club president and informed him I would no longer be available for substitution as I'd be pretty busy doing something else over the next few months. Having done that, I no longer worried about getting a call asking me to come and golf when Carol had thought me out already doing so.

I was unbelievably excited, curious and nervous as hell the following weekend when I got up, dressed, and left as usual to "head off to the course".

"Have fun!" she said giving me a kiss.

"You too!" I told her throwing my clubs into the back of the car. I noticed she was grinning when I turned to wave at her. I couldn't help but wonder what it was she was really grinning about.

And not that I needed the extra time, but I had told Carol I'd planned on lunching with the guys at the club after we'd finished golfing for the day, so to expect me a little later than usual. I had said that, wondering if that would make her, as well as the rest of the women a little easier of mind on the one hand, and curious to see if having more time, they might become more adventurous than normal. It was just a thought, but proved itself to be a good one as I found out.

I drove over to the park which was a short distance away, parked the car, then made my way slowly back to the house. As our property sat on a good sized acre of land, it was easy to conceal myself as I made my way up the tree line next to the small little brook that ran by one side of the house. Though there was a large grassy area behind the house that was open, I was also aware that unless Carol was standing in our bedroom looking out in that direction, the likelihood of being seen was pretty remote. Even so, I waited patiently until the women began arriving, and then knew it to pretty much be safe as she met them at the door on the other side of the house. I sprinted the short distance to the basement window that I had ensured wasn't locked, pulled it open and let myself in, slipping silently down into the basement area. 

I wasn't too worried about being heard inside the house either as Carol had once told me she couldn't hear anything I was ever doing down there as it was so well insulated just for that very reason. Short of pulling a wall down, I didn't have to worry about tippy-toeing around, or even sneezing. I made my way over to the control panel, switched on the cameras and ensured they were functioning properly. Then, I adjusted the sound for each of them so I could just clearly hear what was being said.

At first, it was the typical normal chitchat as they waited for everyone to arrive, but once they had however, things really got interesting in a hurry.

I had of course recognized Margie, but was a little surprised to see Pat there as well. Pat was my wife's very best friend as they had actually grown up together.  Carol and Pat were also alike in many ways too, same sort of humor and likes as well as dislikes. Pat wasn't exactly a knockout, but she was cute, and from the few time's I'd managed to peer down the front of some outfit she was wearing, I had managed to catch an occasional glimpse of her small, but attractive looking breasts.

And now seeing Cathy, I knew who she was now too, a fellow teacher from my wife's school though I had only met her once before. I had seen one of the other women at the grocery store a few times, had even chatted with her there once with my wife, but I honestly couldn't remember her name. The other three women with her must have been friends of hers which she'd brought along as they tended to group together in the beginning before pairing off as they were wont to do when things got going. Almost immediately they headed off into the den area, so I switched cameras from the front living room into there and watched as they filtered in taking up their seats.

"Ok, so as we mentioned last week, it's Cathy's turn to begin this week's discussion. Let's quickly recap the last chapter we were supposed to read, talk about what we found interesting or exciting about it. After that, it's Cathy's turn to share either a similar experience, or a fantasy regarding it."

I fully expected them to start reading, or talking about it as they had all brought their books along with them, but the next thing I knew, they had all once again stood and began removing their clothing, just like that!

"Oh that's a pretty bra!" Pat stated actually walking over and placing her hand on one of the other women's breasts, a woman I hadn't seen before, and whom I hadn't as yet heard her name mentioned naming her either. It was pretty, a nice lacy burgundy color that really accentuated her reddish brown hair. "Is it comfy?"

"Very much so," the woman stated, though at the same moment, she had reached behind herself undoing the clasp so that her bra came off in her hands. She had rather large breasts too, slightly bigger than my wife's as I looked in comparison. "And the really nice thing is, they don't pinch or ride up on my boobs either!" I watched as she lifted her breast, demonstrating as she did that she had no lines or markings left by the bra.

"I really do like the style and design," Pat continued now handling the discarded bra, "but I don't know if they'd have something quite that pretty in my size." 

As I said, Pat certainly wasn't flat-chested, not by any means, but her breasts were noticeably smaller as she finally revealed them, and finally gave me a totally unobstructed view of her cute little pointed peaks for the very first time. The fact Pat wasn't nearly as large as most if not all of the other women wasn't something that I was really too concerned with. I simply loved looking at women's tits...all shapes, and all sizes! At the moment, I was currently enjoying a virtual smorgasbord of luscious looking titty-flesh, including my own wife's!

Much to my delight, they were soon all naked, once again taking their respective seats, though three women sat closely together sharing the couch. Carol was sitting on one end Cathy in the middle and another woman whose name I also didn't know as yet sitting on the other side of her. 

"Fuck, this is great!" I said quietly to myself, just seeing the three of them sitting together like that on the couch was tantalizing enough! Reaching over to the control panel, I pushed "record" and sat back to watch the show.

"...as you recall, he had already caught the butler shagging the maid earlier that morning, watching them in secret and determined now that he would find a way to have her as well. Being new to the position, he thought he had a pretty good way of coercing her into submission, and thus waited until it was late, and once everyone else had gone to bed, he then slipped out of his own room waiting in the dark recess of the hallway for the maid to head off to her bedroom, anticipating her lover to meet her there in the hallway, she hesitated nervously looking about for him. But as we all know, he had already sent off the butler on an errand far out of town, unable to return until the next morning."
