 Due to the nature of my work I'm away from home a couple of times a month, this lasts for two or three days. Being married and having no children we were free to do what we liked, so I would take my wife on these trips, it means that whilst I'm working she can have a break and do some shopping.

Were both in our early forties, my wife Debra is about 5` 6" tall, long auburn hair with a great figure, her tits are 36 DD's, these were a 40th birthday present from me, not the big balloon types but a nice pear shaped, her ass was fantastic, pert and shapely.

It had been arranged that I would meet her in the hotel bar that night after work, to spice up our sex life we would play the dating game, she would pretend to be a slut wife who was out for the night to get fucked by a stranger. So that night unfortunately I was late getting back to meet her, as I walked into the hotel bar I could see Debra sat at the bar and she was talking with these two lads in their early twenties, one black and one white.

Over the years we had done a bit of swinging so I wasn't that upset at seeing her being chatted up, I was however curious to see what would happen, so I found a seat where I wouldn't be seen and just watched.

She was wearing a tight black cotton dress, V necked showing off her cleavage, I could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra because you could see her nipples clearly through the dresses thin material, black tights or stockings I couldn't tell, with high heeled shoes, she looked fucking great and my cock started to stir.

The lads were obviously trying too hard, they were getting nowhere with Debra, after about 5 minutes they both left the bar and headed to the bathroom, curious I followed them. They were both stood at the urinals as I went to sink to wash my hands.

The white lad was telling his mate. "Man, did you see those tits, I'd love to get my cock between those melons, she'd be one hot fuck."

"Yeh I know what you mean, I bet she gives head, I wouldn't mind tickling her tonsils with my cock, fuck it's getting stiff just thinking about her red lips stretched around my black hose."

As I looked in the mirror I could see him turn to his mate and show him, it wasn't fully erect but it was impressive to say the least, I made a quick decision and spoke to them. "I know what you mean lads she does looks like one hot fuck, it's a pity that she turned you down"

They both looked at me, the black lad saying. "What do you know about it?"

"Well from what I could see, dressed like that she's here to get picked up. But you were trying too hard to impress her, how about you let an old pro have a go, see if I can't arrange a party for us all." I said to them.

They both looked at each other then smiled, the black lad spoke again. "OK it's a deal, I'm Vince this is Dave, how's this going to work?"

"Well Vince my name's Terry, you two go and sit down and watch for my signal, I'll go and charm her, I don't think it will be too difficult, she looks like a bit of a slapper."

I let them walk out first then followed, walking up to my seated wife, she smiled at me saying. "Your late, I almost got chatted up by those two young lads."

"I know we were just discussing about you in the toilet, I didn't let on that we were married as they were telling me how eager they wanted to fuck you, I'm not surprised you look fucking hot." As I was telling her this I watched as her nipples started to get more pronounced through the dresses thin material. 

"Dave wants to fuck your tits whilst Vince the black lad wants you to suck his cock." I leaned in close to her ear. "It's fucking big, I've seen it." I pulled back to see her reaction.

She looked me in the eyes. "How big?"

"About 10, 12" long, how do fancy being fucked by his big black cock." Her reaction was to start rubbing my cock with her hand. 

I continued to tell her. "Mmmm I can tell you would like that idea you dirty slut, being on your hands and knees with his big black cock fucking your cunt whilst I've got my cock stuffed down your throat, both of us spit roasting you, how do you fancy that slut?" 

She opened her legs for me and then guided my hand, placing it onto her nyloned covered thigh. "That sounds so dirty, feel my pussy you've got it dripping from just thinking about it." My hand inched along the inside of her thighs heading towards her pussy, my finger's touched bare flesh before coming into contact with her knickers, as I rubbed her pussy I felt the damp patch on her knickers.

"You fucking slut, you can't wait can you. Right, go and take your knickers off, then I want you to walk over to them, drop your knickers on the table and give them our room number, before telling them that you want to get fucked by all of us." By this time I had worked one of my fingers passed her knickers and into her wet pussy, she had started to moan as I told her what to do.

She had closed her eyes as I continued to finger fuck her, she moaned in disappointment as I pulled it out, then telling her. "If you want us to fuck you, go and take your knickers off."

She looked at me then without hesitation got off the stool and headed for the toilets, up to that point I wasn't sure whether we were play acting or doing it for real, my cock stirred at the thought of what we were about to do, I turned and watched as she headed to the toilets, god she has a sexy ass.

I then looked at the lads as I watched them follow her with their eyes then they looked at me, I smelt my wet finger before sucking it clean, nodding my head at them and smiled. It didn't take long for Debra to reappear, her tits swaying as she walked over to their table.

She started to talk to them, then from her closed hand dropped her tiny knickers onto the table, Dave quickly picked them up and sniffed them, Debra bent over the table, I think she was feeling Vince's cock, god I wanted to go over and fuck her. Both Dave and Vince started to feel her tits, but she stood up and opened her legs before Vince, he ran his hand under her dress, Debra's ass jerked as I assumed that Vince was now playing with her pussy, this lasted for about 30 seconds before Debra pulled away and headed for the lift.

Vince now smelt his finger before sucking it as he smiled at me, I followed Debra watching her sexy ass knowing that now she wasn't wearing any knickers, my cock was rock hard from just watching her with these lads. We both got into the lift and headed for our room, I wanted to fuck her there and then but thought better of it, all these lifts had cameras in them so just settled for a kiss.

I pulled away from her then asked. "Are you sure you want to go through with this, I'm happy with whatever you want."

"Oh god yes, you were right about his cock it's huge, I've always fancied being fucked by more than one cock and tonight I'm getting my wish, and yes I've even fantasized about being fucked by a black man, I'll have to thank you later." She squeezed my cock then kissed me.

We left the elevator and headed for our room, I was lucky that all my belongings were still in the suitcase, so I wasn't worried about giving the game away to the two lads. As we entered the room Debra kissed me again before kneeling in front of me, she was looking up at me licking her lips as she ran her hand over my bulge, then released my hard cock before grasping it with her hand.

Pulling it to her mouth she began to lick the head of my cock, tasting my precum that was leaking from it, Debra had told me lots of times that she loved sucking my cock but she especially loved the taste of my spunk.

I began to take my clothes off as she teased my bell end with the tip of her tongue, I moaned as she slowly fed it into her warm wet mouth, flicking her tongue as she went. I'd removed my shirt and dropped my pants, they were still left around my ankles when there was a knock at the door.

I told Debra. "Last chance to back out."

She took my cock out of her mouth before telling me. "Not a chance, I don't want to miss out on having that big black cock in my pussy, anyway I know you'd love to see me being fucked by those two lads, isn't it also one of your fantasies to have sloppy seconds?"

Debra was right, it was one of our fantasy role plays, so I quickly kicked off my shoes and pants and headed for the door. After checking the spy hole to confirm it was the lads I let them in, they quickly entered and looked at me as I stood there naked, as I closed the door I heard Dave whistle. Turned to see what Dave was whistling at, Debra was still kneeling as she removed her dress, she was now naked except for a pair of black suspender tights.

Dave must have had a thing about tits because the first thing he said was. "God will you look at those tits, I've got to fuck those." He walked up to Debra and started to remove his trousers, his cock was already erect, slightly thicker than mine but about the same length at 8".

For the benefit of the lads I said. "Guy's this is Debra, Debra the eager one fascinated with your tits is Dave, and this is Vince." Pointing at his mate. 

Dave pulled Debra up and moved her to the bed, once she was laid down, he straddled her body and laid his cock between her tits, Debra quickly got the idea and squeezed them around his cock, Dave moaned as he began to fuck her tits. As this was going on Vince had begun to undress, when I saw his cock I knew Debra wasn't going to be disappointed, his cock it was about 12" long and as thick as Dave's.

He was wanking himself as he climbed onto the bed next to Debra's head, when she saw it she gasped. "Oh my god, it fucking huge."

Vince said. "That's right lady, tonight you're going to get the fuck of your life, but first I want your lips round my cock." Pointing his cock at her mouth I watched as she stuck her tongue out and began to lick his leaking cock.

She told him. "Mmmmm that's tasty." Vince didn't give her chance to say any more and started to fill her mouth, Debra was a great cock sucker and easily deepthroated me, but with Vince she was struggling. With Dave fucking her tits and Vince filling her mouth I went for the pussy, I wasn't complaining I love licking Debra out, I can't get enough of her sweet pussy juices.

She was moaning as I licked and teased her clit, as I looked up I could see Dave's ass speed up and that he was now squeezing her tits around his cock, he was panting now when I heard him tell Debra. "Here it comes slut, Oh god yesss, yessss." I watched as his ass jerked, and he came between her tits.

Then I heard Vince. "Wow you dirty slut, hey Dave she's just stuck her finger up my ass, god I'm going to love fucking this dirty tart." Dave was still slowly working his cock between her tits. When Vince spoke to me. "Hey Terry fancy swopping ends, she certainly knows how to suck cock but I want to fuck that pussy." 

"Why not, there's nothing better than getting a good blowjob." I replied to him, so I eased myself from between her open legs and stood up, Dave moved off Debra as well, I could now see the mess between her tits, he must have been saving it up all week, there was spunk everywhere from her neck to each tit being coated, Dave just laid on the bed next to Debra smiling, his shrinking cock was coated in spunk.

Vince pulled his cock out of Debra's mouth and moved to the end of the bed, but before he could do anything Debra spoke. "Hold on there, before you put that monster into me you'd better lube it, I don't want to be saddle sore all week, here I've got some lubricating jelly." She reached over to the bedside table and picked up a tube, then handed it to Vince. "Make sure you use plenty, I want to be able to walk after tonight." She then winked at me and I smiled back.

Vince coated his cock before telling Debra. "On your knee's slut." As he moved her into the doggie position Dave moved himself so he had his head below her hanging tits, he started to suck one of her nipples whilst squeezing the other with his left hand, and with his right he began to wank his cock, he didn't seem to mind that his own spunk was now dripping onto his face.

I moved to Debra's head and presented my erect cock to her mouth, her lips parted as I pushed, god she knew how to take cock, I groaned as I entered her throat but I didn't stop till her nose was pushed hard into my stomach, I closed my eyes, groaning as I enjoying Debra's deepthroating skills, her tongue caressing my shaft as I held onto the back of her head.

I was distracted as she moaned around my cock, Vince had started to push his cock into her pussy, he was holding onto her hips as he pushed about half of his cock into Debra before he stopped, then pulling all the way out, waiting before pushing back in again, another muffled moan from Debra as he went deeper.

Then we got into a bit of a routine, as he pulled out so would I, as I pulled my cock out of Debra's mouth she would gasp for air, then start to moan as we both filled her cunt and mouth again, it didn't take long for Vince to work all of his cock into Debra's pussy.

Vince spoke to me saying. "Man this is one tight pussy, no wonder the slut wanted lube, talking of lube." I watched as he squeezed the tube between Debra's ass cheeks before using his thumb to push it into her anus, this was too much for Debra and she started to have had an orgasm, she screamed with my cock still down her throat and her body jerked between us as she came.

As she calmed down I said to him. "Vince I think you've hit the jackpot." 

I pulled my cock out of her mouth and asked her a question to which I already knew the answer. "Debra do you like being fucked in the ass?"

She was still moaning as she answered. "Oh god yes, mmmmm, I love it in the ass." I had fucked her ass regularly and new she was no stranger to it.

"Vince, fancy trying her ass?" I knew it was a silly question, what young lad wouldn't want fuck Debra's ass, his answer was predictable.

"Too fucking right I do." With that he quickly pulled out of her pussy, but I quickly stopped him from ramming it straight into her ass.

"Hold on Vince, we need to get her ready first, you let me open her up, that way we all get to fuck her ass, here you come fill her mouth whilst I lube her up." I could see him thinking about it before he nodded his head and we swopped ends again.

I picked up the lube and coated my fingers, I began by rubbing round the anus then gently probing her ass, with slight pressure my finger entered her, the sphincter gripped and I waited till it relaxed before working the lube into her ass, as she relaxed I pushed two of my fingers in and again I waited till her sphincter relaxed.

As I concentrated on Debra's ass, Vince had started to fuck her mouth, her throat must have relaxed because she was starting to deepthroat him, she gasped for breath each time he pulled out, with a finger from each hand now deep in her ass I began to pull them apart before relaxing them, slowly Debra's ass began to stretch to the point where her ass began to stay open, I poured more lube into the opening before pushing it deep into her ass with my finger's.

Dave was still playing with Debra's tits but I could see that his cock was hard again, so I decided to take control of the action, taking my fingers out of Debra's stretched ass said. "Dave, Vince let's give Debra here a night she won't forget, Debra get on top of Dave's cock."

Vince had to pull his cock out of her mouth as she moved herself to straddle Dave, taking hold of Dave's cock she guiding it into her pussy, he moaned as his cock disappeared into her cunt, she wriggled her ass like a brooding hen when she bottomed out then leaned forward to push her tits back into his face, she moaned as he sucked on her hard nipples.

As Vince moved round to Debra's ass I could see that his erect cock was coated with saliva from his blowjob, but I still handed him the lube for his cock, he took it from me and greased up his 12" monster.

Debra was moving her hips as she fucked herself on Dave's cock, he was happy to let her do the work as he concentrated on her nipples, Debra soon grunted as Vince started to fill her ass, I was wanking my cock as I watched my sexy wife get double fucked.

Vince looked at me saying. "Thanks man, this is one tight fucking ass." As he was telling me this Debra screamed as she had another orgasm, I quickly pushed my cock into her open mouth to keep her quiet, the last thing we needed was somebody banging at the door.

Debra was having continuous orgasms as we fucked her for the next five minutes, but it couldn't last, Vince was the first to come, he was slamming his cock hard into Debra's ass as he groaned. "Ahhhhhhhhhh." Before thrusting one last time holding onto her hips as he filled her ass, every so often his hips jerked as he had another spasm

I wasn't going to last much longer so I pulled my cock out of Debra's mouth and moved to her rear telling Vince. "My turn."

He had a contented smile on his face as he pulled his wilting cock out of Debra's ass, I looked down at his semi hard cock which was hanging between his legs, his black cock now had a white coating of spunk and lube which was dripping onto the floor.

Debra's ass was gaping wide open, it hadn't closed as I lubed my cock. With my cock greased up I pushed into her open ass, sloppy seconds in her ass this was fucking great, with my cock fully home I held onto her hips not moving, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation as my cock was stimulated by Dave's thrusting cock as he fucked her pussy.

Debra had another orgasm, her sphincter pulsed around my cock, I was so close to coming that my cock started to swell, I was getting that buildup of pleasure from my cock that I started to moan. "Oh fuck yes, oh yes, that's it, ahhhhhhhhhh." I just let myself go releasing my spunk into Debra's ass, my hips jerking as her sphincter pulsed around my cock, I held onto her hips tightly not wanting it to end.

But my body just relaxed and my cock started to wilt till finally I pulled out, I was totally drained. I sat down in one of the chairs as I enjoyed the moment of relaxation. Debra spoke asking. "Could one of you get me a towel please?" She was still rocking her hips as she moved on top of Dave.

I got up and retrieved a towel from the bathroom before handing it to her, she then got off Dave and laid the towel on the edge of the bed before sitting down on it, looking at Dave she asked him. "Would you like to fuck tits again or would you prefer my ass." 

Debra certainly knew what he really wanted because he quickly stood in front of her, before placing his cock back between her perfect tits, she smiled as she squeezed her tits around his cock, I knew what her soft warm breasts were like, but I think Dave was a bit obsessive about them.

He held onto her shoulders as he slowly fucked her tits, as the tip of his cock emerged from her tits Debra would lick the head, I could see that he had his eyes closed as he was enjoying this sensation, then Debra started to take over and began to tit wank him, he just stood still as she began to move her tits up and down his shaft getting faster and faster.

The poor lad didn't stand a chance, his breathing got faster, he was sucking in air through clenched teeth as he got closer to coming, then all of a sudden he started groaning. Debra stopped using her tits and without stopping deepthroated him, she grasped his ass cheeks pulling him deeper. He just let go, yelling. "Ahhhhhhh." As he emptied himself down her throat, his hips thrusting as he released his spunk, there was so much that Debra had to push him away, as his cock left her mouth she coughed, spunk leaking from her mouth as he continued to spurt onto her face.

Debra got her breath back and took Dave's cock back into her mouth, you could see that she was swallowing his spunk, she continued to clean his cock before he pulled his limp dick out of her mouth. 
