 One night while we were making love, my husband Tom asked me what my favorite fantasy was. I’m rather shy, and I don’t really like talking about sex (although I like doing it a lot!!), but I knew that my husband had a vivid imagination and that he liked to use his imagination to spice up his sex life.

“So what do you think about when you masturbate, “ he asked me as he lightly ran his fingers over the lips of my pussy. “What gets you hot?”

“Well,” I replied, “sometimes I think about being in an orgy. About seeing people doing stuff all around me. “

“And what are you doing while all this is going on?” he asked as he dipped his middle finger into my now very wet pussy.

“Well, in my fantasy, I’m watching and getting really turned on seeing people screwing in different positions, and just getting really into having sex. And I’m naked. I don’t know how I get naked, but I’m naked”

“And then?” he asked.

“And then a man comes up behind me and starts stroking me lightly on my butt and sides and breasts while I watch.” Tom was rubbing my entire pussy by now, taking long, slow strokes from the bottom to the top, lingering around my sensitive clit.

“Yeah?,” Tom said

“And then I kind of push back against him and feel that he’s very hard, and that really turns me on.” Tom slipped his soft finger all the way into my pussy and I couldn’t contain a little gasp. “And then I reach back and touch him, and just then another man walks up in front of me and starts kissing me and licking my breasts.”

I was starting to get hot, and Tom could tell. He started moving his finger in and out of me, making sure to hit my “G” spot each time. I moved back against his hand, pushing my clit against his palm and feeling the friction there.

“And then, “ I panted, “the man behind me reaches around and starts playing with me. I’m still looking around at all these people fucking around me, and it’s making me really hot.”

“ooh, baby”, Tom says as I buck against his hand. He slips a second finger in me.

“By then I’m so turned on that I lay down on the carpet, and the man that was behind me gets between my legs and starts licking my cunt. The other man pays a LOT of attention to my breasts, kissing them and sucking lightly on my rock hard nipples. I can see people having orgasms around me, and I can reach out and touch one couple that’s fucking. I lightly flick the man’s nipple as he’s driving his cock in and out of a woman who is obviously enjoying every thrust. “

Tom shifts and slips his cock into my steaming cunt. “Tell me,” he groans.

“The man who’s nipples I’m flicking stops fucking the other woman and pushes the man who’s licking me away. He positions himself between my wide-spread legs and runs his cock right into me. The man who was eating me moves up to my breasts, and the man who was kissing my breasts starts kissing me. I put my arms around his shoulders and really kiss him back, because I’m so hot. I look around and see more and more people fucking when another man lays down beside us and begins lightly stroking the skin on my legs and sides and tummy. I’m being fucked and licked and kissed and stroked by four different men, and that’s usually about the time I……..start cumming…..”

With those words Tom took one final deep stroke into my pussy and held his pulsing cock deep in me as I came really hard. When I finished, he speeded up his strokes and soon gushed his load into me. I came with him a little bit again when he came.

***

Part 1

After that night, Tom would ask me about my fantasy a lot. We never repeated the exact same scene again, but Tom kept talking about my fantasy until one night we were in a motel, and were starting to make love, and Tom asked me, “Do you think you’d ever like to really be in an orgy?”

“Of course I’d like it,” I told him. I don’t know if I’d ever have the nerve to do it, but I know I’d like it if I was.” We had some great sex that night, as Tom told me his fantasy about his sweet naïve wife being in an orgy.

About two years after this kind of talk started, we were at a New Year’s Eve party at an acquaintance’s house. We were excited to have been invited to this party, as we really didn’t know the couple very well, and they travelled in a little higher social strata than we did. I had to pee, and every time I checked the bathroom, there was someone in there with the door locked. 

Finally, I had to pee so bad (all the champagne, I guess) that I snuck up the stairs to the bedroom area of the house. I found a bathroom down the hall, and relieved myself in the dark, so as not to draw attention to the fact that I had “trespassed” upstairs in people’s home that I hardly knew.. As I sat on the toilet, I thought about how much fun Tom and I had been having at the party. These were really great people, and I was happy to be included in their party. As I sat there, I heard some strange noises coming through the other door in the bathroom. The door was shut, but there was obviously a couple in the adjoining bedroom having sex.

I quietly flushed and left the bathroom, but my curiosity got the better of me. I moved off down the hall and listened at the door to the bedroom. There was really something going on in there. I realized that the door was cracked, and I pushed it open just a bit to look inside.

The lights in the room were dim, but I could clearly see about 8 people in the room, all naked and all in various states of sex. Men were sucking on women’s vaginas; women were sucking on men’s cocks, there were two men doing one woman, and yet another couple were in the doggie position with the man ramming it home as the woman moaned and rubbed her pussy furiously. I felt a sudden rush of excitement at the sight and stood transfixed by the tableau in front of me.

Just then, a hand landed on my shoulder, and our male host whispered in my ear, “Do you like what you see?”. He moved his hand down to my breast and I gasped as I watched the orgy in front of me. His other hand reached around my front and cupped my pussy. I moaned and pushed back against him, just as in my fantasy.

“Yes,” I hissed. “I do like it.”. He began rubbing my pussy, and I pushed against his hand. As I was enjoying the sensation and the view, I suddenly thought to myself, “What am I doing??? I’m a married woman!”

I turned, breaking contact with Mike, our host, and said. “Yes, I really did like it, but I’m married and I can’t do this. I’m sorry.” With that I walked back down the hall and down the stairs. And yes, I really was sorry that I couldn’t do it because that moment had turned me on so much.

I returned to the party, socializing and talking, waiting for the moment I could get Tom alone and tell him what I had seen. I wasn’t sure if I was going to tell him about Mike, but I wanted to share with him that I had seen an orgy in progress. I knew it would turn him on, and I knew I was already turned on, and we would be having some great sex when we finally got to bed that night. I also kept a lookout for Mike, and smiled to myself when he finally came down the stairs about 45 minutes later. I wonder what he had been doing????

***

Part 2

We stayed at a nearby motel so we didn’t have to drive, and that night was really memorable in bed. We made love for at least an hour before Tom came. He had had enough to drink that he could hold back, and I must have come three or four times. I came when he was fingering me, I came when he was eating me, and I came when I straddled him and sunk his cock deep inside my pussy. 

I told him how excited I had been by the sight, and every time I told him about it, I would get a new peak of excitement. Finally, when we were done and I lay by his side, lightly stroking his chest hair, I took a chance and said,

“There’s a little more to the story, Tom, and I think I should come clean about it. Mike caught me looking and touched me in a couple of places he shouldn’t have. Don’t worry, baby. Even though I was turned on and it felt good, I stopped him.”

“”How long did it go on if it was already feeling good?” Tom asked.

“Probably not more than a minute or two. I’m sorry, it was just such a rush to see what I was seeing, and then he was there, and it took me a minute to get my bearings.”

“What did he do?”

“He stood behind me and stroked my breasts through my cocktail dress, and pulled my hem up and rubbed my pussy through my panties.”

“Were you wet?”

“I’m sure I was.”

“Could he tell?”

“I’m sure he could.” I felt Tom’s hand moving down my belly towards my pussy, which was beginning to come back to life. I reached down and found that his penis was once again erect.

“Did it feel good?” Tom asked.

“It felt really good.” Tom began to stroke my pussy. It was wet and slick from the mixture of my juices and his come and it felt very, very good.

“Did you wish you could have fucked him?” Tom asked

“Yes”, I answered as I stroked Tom’s long cock. “ I wished I could fuck him, but I only fuck you.”

With that, I pulled Tom on top of me, and grabbed his dick, putting it up to my hole.

“Fuck me right now. I need it. I want you”. I placed the tip of his cock right against my opening and pushed against it. With all the slipperiness, it slipped right in and filled me. I started coming as soon as he started moving, and came and came and came until Tom came, too.

***

Part 3

I was surprised a couple of days later when I got a call from Mike on my cell phone.

“Hi gorgeous”, he said. “I just wanted to thank you for coming to the party the other night.”

“How did you get my cell number?” I asked, curious about that.

“Your husband gave it to me.” I was shocked. I told him that I needed to follow up on some information about a real estate listing we had talked about at the party, and he seemed eager to give me your number.”

“But we didn’t talk about real estate,” I replied, not without a little bit of flirt in my voice. 

“No”, he replied, “we didn’t really talk that much, but I just wanted to tell you that if you liked what you saw the other night, that’s not the only time it happened. In fact, it happens almost every weekend. Just thought you’d like to know. You’re invited any time. And if you’d like you can bring your husband along, so long as he’s ok with everything.”

I felt a sudden surge of blood to my head, and a ripple through my cunt. “Well,” I said, stalling for time. “I’d have to think about that.” 

“OK, just wanted to let you know. No pressure.” I thanked him again, said goodbye, and we hung up. But I couldn’t get it out of my mind for the rest of the day.

When Tom and I went to bed that night, we lay in the dark, and I heard Tom say, “So what did Mike want today?” I’m sure it wasn’t about real estate. I didn’t detect any anger in his voice.

“He invited me to an orgy.” I figured the truth was the best.

“Are you kidding?? Are you going to go?”

I was kind of shocked. “What do you mean am I going to go?” I’m married to you!”

There was silence for a while. Then Tom broke it when he said. “I just want you to know that I’d be ok with it if you wanted to go to one.” 

I turned on the light and turned to him. “What??? What do you mean, it’s ok with you?”

“Calm down”, came his reply. “Tell me the truth…if there were no consequences in our relationship, you’d like to do it, wouldn’t you?”

“Well………….,” I said. I think the silence was the answer. The very thought of it turned me on immensely.

“Of course you would.” Look, we don’t have kids, we don’t even have very many friends. All we do is work, work, work. These are affluent people, clean, safe. It’s your fantasy. And……it turns me on, too.”

I was becoming intrigued. He continued. “Just so long as I know…and you’re not sneaking around behind my back. And there would be two other stipulations.”

My saliva was thickening in my mouth as I felt the arousal rush through my body. “What would the other two stipulations be?” I croaked, my voice cracking from my excitement.

“One, that you would stop forever if it did bother me, and Two…that you have to tell me every detail afterwards.”

I lay there almost shaking. “Would you like to join in?” I asked.

“Maybe…but not in the beginning. It’s your fantasy. You live it first.”

Without ever saying so, the pact had been sealed. I knew from my excitement that I wouldn’t be able to NOT try it after Tom’s little speech. I put my head under the covers and gave my husband the first blowjob I had given him in months. It wasn’t just out of kindness or love, I really got into it, and even rubbed my wet pussy against his leg while I did it.

***

Part 4: Tom’s story.

I watched a few T.V. shows, made myself a nice dinner, had a couple gin and tonics, and generally tried to keep my mind off what must be going on. I didn’t want to get too turned on and waste my sexual energy on my hand. I wanted to wait until my wife got home and give her the full force of my arousal. 

Finally, at about midnight, I decided to go to bed and try to get some sleep. We hadn’t really talked about when she’d be home when she left. We had busied ourselves with her bath, shaving her pretty little cunt, getting her dressed up in her new outfit, and with her giving me a final handjob to tide me over before she left. “We can’t fuck”, she said, “ I don’t want to be all messy.” The final question was…..underwear or no underwear? I laughed and said…”Honey, think about where you’re going . I don’t think underwear is a consideration.” She pursed her lips, thinking, and said, “You’re right…..no underwear.” I felt my cock spring a little bit with that statement.

I lay in bed, tossing and turning not from regret, but from sheer excitement. I could hardly wait to hear what had gone on and to have my wife back in my arms. Suze had always been a bit behind me in the “kinky” department, but she was sure catching up. I love my wife, but I needed a little more excitement.

I must have drifted off, because the next thing I knew was hearing the garage door closing. I lay in the darkness and waited for her to come in.

The bedroom door opened, and I could smell her perfume as she entered the room. She went into the bathroom and I heard the water running for a while as she washed herself and brushed her teeth. Finally I felt the covers rustle and the bedsprings groan as she slipped in beside me.

“Are you awake?” 

“Of course I am. How was it?”

“Oh, my god! It was amazing. I can’t believe I don’t feel dirty, or guilty or anything.”

“There’s no need to. They consented, you consented, I consented. No guilt necessary.” I paused. “So?” I finally asked.

“Well”, she said, “It really was amazing.” When I showed up at their house, it was just like a normal party; people having a few drinks, eating appetizers, chatting away as if there wasn’t all this heavy sexual energy hanging in the air.”

At about 10:00, Mike walked over to the entertainment center and turned on their big screen T.V. He slipped in a DVD, and when it started, I realized it was an adult movie. People kept on talking, and even though I didn’t want to, I couldn’t take my eyes off the screen. It was a story about a dinner party where everybody at the dinner party took turns telling their sexual fantasy……and you would see the sexual fantasy played out while they told about it. It was really, really, hot, and it got me even more turned on than I had been.

I was sitting on the couch, and as I looked away from the movie, I saw that people were settling down to watch. The couch was big, and Mike sat next to me, with his wife Celia on the other side of him, and then another man, Wayne, on her other side. Mike leaned over and asked if I was enjoying myself, and I told him I was. He told me to take it easy, and go at my own pace. He told me it was all about comfort level, and that nobody would try to make me do anything I didn’t want to do. I told him, “I’m here, aren’t I?”, and with that he laughed and leaned over and kissed me.

He turned his attention back to the movie and began rubbing Celia’s thigh. I saw her spread her knees a little bit, and this was obviously a signal to Mike. He started running his hand up the insides of her thigh, and soon had his forearm all the way up her dress and I could see by the movement of her skirt that he was diddling with her. Meanwhile, she reached over and started rubbing the outside of Wayne’s crotch. She stopped and reached down while pulling her butt off the sofa and pulled her dress up around her waist. She was naked underneath, and her pussy was shaved completely. Both Mike and Wayne reached for her crotch and together they gently pleasured her as she watched the movie.

I looked around, and saw other people doing similar things. I felt kind of weird, because nobody was paying any attention to me, although I really wanted someone to. Pretty soon, there were people slipping clothes off, and the sexual feelings were getting more intense. I was really turned on, and I could feel that I was getting very wet downstairs.”

I was enjoying her story, and reached for her pussy. She was completely soaked…..almost to the point of being a mess. “I thought you cleaned up in the bathroom”, I asked her. 

“I did” she said. And I had already cleaned up at Mike and Ceil’s…but I just keep gushing from being so turned on.” Hmm……nothing wrong with that picture.

“So, “ she continued as I stroked her cunt, “I was getting really wet downstairs, and I finally needed some attention. I reached over and tentatively touched Mike on his crotch. He immediately turned and kissed me.

“I was wondering when you’d be ready,” he said.

“I’ve been ready….so, so ready….but I didn’t know what I was supposed to do.

“Don’t worry about a thing…just go with the flow, and you’ll be taken care of”. Mike said. “Are you okay?” Yes, I said, and kissed him back, grabbing his cock through his pants has I did.

Celia and Wayne dropped to the floor in front of the couch and Celia straddled Wayne. She dropped her breasts near his mouth and he took her right nipple between his lips and lightly tongued her nipple. I saw her reach back and grab Wayne’s dick and guide it to her cunt lips. I had a clear view of Wayne’s huge dick sliding into Ceil’s cunt. She held for a moment with it all the way in, then began riding it up and down. I could see the slickness of Celia’s juices coating Wayne’s dick as she rode him up and down and his thick rod.

Meanwhile, Mike slipped to the floor and got between my knees. He pulled my knees open, pulled my dress up, and began lightly kissing and licking around my vagina. It felt like heaven as his tongue teased my lips and clit. There were couples in complete undress now, one woman was draped with her stomach over the back of an easy chair while a man stood behind her ramming his dick in and out of her cunt. She watched the movie on the big screen as her face contorted with the pleasure she was receiving. “


Suze reached over and grabbed my dick and started rubbing it up and down. I had two fingers buried in her pussy by this time, and wanted to eat her out while she told me this. Good sense told me that giving her oral sex right now might not be the smartest thing I’d ever done.

“I lay back on the couch where Wayne and Celia had been and Mike moved up onto the couch and continued to eat me while he gently ran a couple fingers in and out of my cunt. It felt soooooooo good, and I was really turned on by watching the other people fucking and sucking.

“A guy walked up, tapped Mike on the shoulder, and said, “Mind if I join you?”

Mike smiled and said, “No, Bob, jump right in here! That is if it’s ok with Suze.”

All I could do was smile and nod. Mike moved away and Bob started licking me in a completely different way than Mike had, but it was just as nice. Mike started playing with my tits and I reached down and held Bob’s head as I came against his mouth and fingers.
