 I met Melissa the same day that I met my wife. They were best friends who met in college and spent all of their time together. Since they were both from Colombia and met at college in the US, they had a tight bond. Throughout the years, we became good friends, and I found myself inexplicably attracted to her. Her natural flirtatious attitude was irresistible not only to me but also to every man that knew her. I had fantasized about Melissa for years, and I had been in many situations where I was tempted to make a move on her. She even gave signs that she would be willing. However, we were both loyal to my wife and didn't want to betray her. This story recounts an actual event that happened in our lives. I guess when you put people in awkward situations often enough, they are bound to give in.

*

My wife, Vanessa, had been an amateur model for a couple years, and I enjoyed going with her to photo shoots. It turned me on to know that people were attracted to her and probably pleasuring themselves thinking about her after the photo shoot. Every now and then she would get an offer from a photographer to travel to another city for a shoot. I would often go along with her for security and for the free vacation. 

Needless to say I was excited to find out that Vanessa had talked our friend Melissa into going to D.C. with us for the photo shoot. Although I had known Melissa for a long time, and had been in some pretty awkward situations with her, I had never seen her in lingerie posing for the camera. Awkward situations: I guess by this I mean that there were times that a certain sexual tension existed between us. She exuded a natural sexual essence in the way she looked at me, the way she moved around me, and the way she talked to me. Over the years she had talked to me about her boyfriends, the good ones and the bad ones. Lately she had been desperate without a boyfriend. She had hooked up with a couple guys just for sex, but hadn't been really satisfied for a long time. She said that there was a difference between getting off once with a guy and being thoroughly satisfied day after day by that guy. She missed the latter. She was a couple years younger than my wife, 23, and she hadn't had that many partners. So I guess she was still trying to figure out what she liked. I had never cheated on my wife, but I thought about it a lot with Melissa. 

Who could blame me? She had the perfect features. Her heritage gave her skin a natural olive glow all year. She had full, pouty lips and big, green eyes framed by long, flowing black hair. It was easy to be seduced by a glance or a casual moistening of her lips. Her long, thin legs brought your gaze up to a very soft, round ass. It was not the kind of ass that a big girl would have. It was shaped like an upside down heart; her hips were narrow, but her butt stuck out in the back if you looked at her from the side. This is where her Colombian roots were very apparent. Many would say this is her most enticing feature, but if you can continue to move your gaze up past her thin, tone waist you would come to her perfectly shaped, inexplicably soft and round natural breasts that she showed off with pride. A full D cup that she tauntingly shoved into a C cup just so they would explode out of the top. She has said that her tits are her best attribute, and she confidently dressed to showcase this asset. I often imaged softly caressing her tits and squeezing them together. 

My wife didn't help my infatuation with Melissa in the least. She and Melissa would often ask me what I thought about their outfits before they would go out. This, of course, meant to me to check her out and stare at her assets. She would ask me if I thought Melissa was pretty, and she would talk to me about the sexual exploits that Melissa would tell her about in detail. All this really did for me was make me imagine Melissa fucking in all sorts of positions. After these conversations I usually had to relieve myself by nailing Vanessa against the wall with my cock. I think this may be one of the reasons she kept talking to me about these topics. 

I also suspected that Vanessa and Melissa had messed around. It was no secret that they were attracted to each other. They kissed each other playfully and passed it off as a joke, but they seemed really into each other. I just wanted to make sure that if they did decide to have sex that I would be there to enjoy it. 

When we picked up Melissa at her apartment she was running late, as usual. I flopped on the couch while Vanessa went back to the bedroom to hurry her up. When they came into the living room they were both wearing mini skirts and tight tops. "Well, that was worth the wait. You guys look great!." They smiled and said they were ready. 

On the way out the door Vanessa grabbed my ass and said, "You look pretty good yourself, little boy." I gave her a quick peck and a smile as we headed off to the airport. 

Of course the airport was a pain in the ass, but when we finally got seated on the plane we decided to get some rest since we expected the evening to be a late one with clubs and partying. With Melissa at the window, Vanessa in the middle, and me on the aisle, we grabbed a blanket, and I closed my eyes for the flight to come. 

I awoke sometime after we were already in the air because I felt my jeans unzipping. I shook with a start, but then realized Vanessa was reaching in and pulling out my raging hard on. With the blanket covering all three of us, and the noise from the jet engine I thought this could probably go somewhere pretty nice. Vanessa moved her head to my shoulder and whispered in my ear, "Meli is rubbing my pussy, and I am going crazy!" I didn't want to let Melissa know that I knew, so I was careful not to move my head as Vanessa's grip on my cock tightened. I could feel the precum on the tip of my dick lubricating her hand as she slowly stroked by engorged member. She was beginning to breathe audibly enough for me to hear her nearing climax under Melissa's expert digits. Finally, Vanessa came. A soft moan escaped her lips as she took a death grip on my cock. I was afraid she was going to break it. She soon relaxed and appeared to drift off to sleep, releasing the grip on my shaft. I stealthily stuffed by giant member back in my pants and zipped up. 

Did Melissa know that I knew about her and my wife? I couldn't help stealing a glance in her direction. I acted as if I was just waking up and glanced over. Both Vanessa and Melissa's eyes were closed. My eyes settled on Melissa's deep cleavage that was falling out of the top of her tight black shirt where the blanket had fallen to her waist. No doubt the blanket had been shaken down from the vibrations of her arm while she shoved her fingers in and out of my wife's pussy. The tops of her breasts were totally exposed and a portion of her black lace bra also escaped the low V cut top. I pushed the palm of my hand down on the throbbing head of my dick and felt a shudder of pleasure run through my body. I have lusted after those gorgeous tits for years now. I imagined what it would feel like if Melissa would squeeze her tits together as I pushed my cock between them. I wondered if she would beg for me to cum on her tits while I rammed my cock between her incredible tits. My cock was screaming and my balls were aching. I needed to cum. I thought about jacking myself off right here on the plane, but I was afraid someone would see the blanket moving. I moved my eyes over Melissa's tits and admired the curve of her neck and the softness of her lips. As my gaze continued up I met her gorgeous green eyes staring back at me. A shock of surprise ran through me. How long did she have her eyes open? Did she see me lusting over her tits? It wouldn't have been the first time, but it was still embarrassing. She just smiled and then moved the blanket back up to her neck, which I took as a sign that she did see me checking her out. However, when she brought the blanket up her hand continued up to her mouth, and as she closed her eyes she rubbed her finger across the tip of her tongue that barely stuck out of her lips. She was tasting Vanessa's juices that were on her finger! That was a pretty obvious gesture to me! Again I asked myself, does she know that I know? This game was driving me crazy. I spent the rest of the flight with a raging hard on and thoughts of naked ecstasy in my head. 

By the time we landed, I was ready to get off the plane. Vanessa and Melissa were awake, chatting and giggling. When we stood up I popped out in the aisle to stop the traffic so that the girls could go in front of me. Vanessa slipped by, but when Melissa moved in front of me I moved forward and allowed by still throbbing cock to gently touch her ass through my jeans. She didn't flinch or try to move forward. The line ahead moved and so did she. I felt that shoving my cock against her ass without her moving away was a pretty good sign, so when we stopped again just before the door I did it again. This time she turned her head slightly to the side. I quickly raised my hand to lightly run some fingers through her hair. I leaned forward and drew in a breath. "Your hair sure does smell good, Meli." Leaning forward had given me an excuse to push my cock against her ass a little more. 

"Thank you. You sure are being sweet," she replied and smiled. The line in front of her began to move again. She paused for a quarter of a second to push her ass back against my cock ever so slightly before she began walking. A bolt of pleasure shot through my cock and into my stomach. Now I felt that I had a positive "go" sign from her. I became very excited as we walked through the airport. Thoughts of fucking Melissa and Vanessa were racing through my head at a furious pace. I kept my hands on Vanessa, holding her hand, putting my arm around her shoulders, and touching her ass now and then. I wanted to make sure that she was nice and warmed up for later in the evening. 

We met our photographer, Rob, at baggage claim, made our introductions and made our way out to his car. He asked us if we were tired because if not, then he knew a couple people at some clubs that could take care of us. We agreed it would be fun to go out, and we drove into the city with music blaring. 

It turned out that Rob used to work as a DJ and knew a lot of club managers. We went from club to club getting free drinks and dancing. The atmosphere of the night was the same as the flight up. The girls were very physical with each other, always hugging and putting their hands on each other. I could tell Vanessa was very horny. She kept touching me and covertly grabbing my cock when she had the chance. Dancing involved lots of grinding and rubbing Vanessa and Melissa were both still wearing short skirts that would ride up when the danced. Occasionally, Melissa would dance with me and grind her clit against my leg while we moved. After the first couple of clubs we were all pretty wrecked. We knew that tomorrow would be a busy day, so we decided to head back to the hotel for some rest. Rob dropped us off and told us he'd be back in the morning to start shooting. 

When we arrived back in the room we were talking about how much fun we had dancing and joking with each other. Vanessa went into the bathroom to change, and Melissa and I were left in the situation that we had been in so many times before. We looked at each other and I teased her about dancing with me earlier. She said that she was really drunk tonight and was feeling pretty crazy. It seemed that when we were alone together there was an unspoken acceptance that we both were curious about how sex would be together, but neither of us wanted to do anything to betray Vanessa. Melissa got up to get some clothes out of her suitcase, and Vanessa returned from the bathroom wearing some tight boy shorts and a tank top shirt. She looked really good with her tan skin glowing; her tight, round ass barely covered by her shorts; and her flat tummy leading up to her perfectly shaped tits. Vanessa used to have small perky tits when I met her, but she elected to enlarge them with implants. Now they were more proportional to her round, Colombian ass. Melissa disappeared into the bathroom to change clothes, and Vanessa straddled my lap in the chair I was sitting in. We wasted no time. Vanessa started kissing me deeply and grinding her clit against the buldge in my pants. She breathed softly in my ear as I kissed her neck and moved down to give some attention to an exposed nipple. 

"You guys don't seem to be wasting any time," Melissa's voice giggled as she appeared from the bathroom wearing some really small gym shorts and a tight tank top that wasn't long enough to cover the jewel studded ring in the center of her belly. The shirt lightly caressed her nipples as they poked out from beneath. 

"Estas fria?" Vanessa teased her in Spanish about her nipples being erect. They both laughed. Melissa covered her nipples with her finger tips and dove onto the giant king bed that occupied most of the room. Vanessa quickly joined her, and they started whispering in Spanish and giggling. 

"On that note...." I got up to dig some sleeping clothes out of my suitcase and moved to the bathroom. When I came out of the bathroom Vanessa and Melissa were lying at the head of the bed staring at me with a smile on each of their faces. Vanessa started off by saying, "Come over here. We've got something to tell you." I looked puzzled I'm sure. I know what I was hoping for, but I'd been in this situation with these two before and nothing ever happened. I moved onto the bed and lay next to Vanessa.  

She was about to say something to me when Melissa leaned over and kissed her on the lips. She smiled and they engaged in a deep French kiss. Vanessa's hand moved over to gently stroke Melissa's stomach and explore under her shirt. A huge smile came over my face as I just sat back and took it all in. 

They moved closer to each other as their hands began to explore each other's bodies more thoroughly. It didn't take long for Vanessa to pull Melissa's shirt off over her head, take off her own shirt, and move on top of her. Their breasts pushed together between their bodies while they continued to kiss each other deeply. I couldn't help moving my hand down to rub my cock through my shorts. The girls were so sensual and gentle with each other. The way they moved was so soft and elegant. Vanessa moved up to bring her soft, brown nipples to Melissa's lips. She extended her tongue to greet Vanessa's pointy buds and licked and sucked on them softly. Vanessa turned toward me, "You are not just going to watch, are you?"

That broke the shock that was paralyzing me. I quickly stripped off my shirt and shorts and moved across the bed, drawn to Melissa's tits that I had stared at for so many years. Vanessa moved down to remove Melissa's shorts so she could start to give her oral service. I locked lips with Melissa, feeling her tongue for the first time slide into my mouth and twirl around my tongue. My hand came up to caress her perfect breast. More than would fit in my hand, her breast was soft with large, pink nipples. I could feel a low moan and hum deep in her throat as Vanessa's skilled tongue went to work in her juicy box. Vanessa moved her hand over to grip my cock while she continued to suck on Melissa's clit. We both started to get pretty worked up as Vanessa pleasured us. I moved my attention to Melissa's tits by kissing and sucking hard on her nipples. Between my nipple sucking and Vanessa's pussy eating, Melissa was getting pretty worked up. She began to breathe harder and writhe around pushing her hips up to meet Vanessa's mouth. Vanessa and I were both encouraged and turned on by knowing that Melissa was enjoying what we were doing to her. "Oh, shit...I'm going to cum." Was all I heard before Melissa's hips surged up, pushing her clit hard against Vanessa's lips. I squeezed her tits together, gripping them hard and pinched her nipples between my fingers. Melissa let out a gasp and bucked her hips up and down. I almost came in Vanessa's hand at the excitement. 

When Melissa stopped convulsing, Vanessa removed her mouth from the juicy pussy she'd been munching on. I quickly kissed her deeply to get a taste of the juicy pussy she'd been enjoying. "That was so hot," I said, "You need some reward after working so hard." I pushed Vanessa back onto the bed and put my hand to her pussy. "Nice and wet, already," I smiled. As I inserted a finger, I turned my hips toward a recovering Melissa. "Meli, can you make sure I'm ready for her?" She leaned up on an elbow and wrapped her hand around my cock. Melissa moved her lips closer, opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the head of my cock. I was in heaven! I had a couple of fingers inside Vanessa's dripping pussy and Melissa was slowly moving the head of my cock toward the back of her throat. "Oh, yea, baby. That's it. Nice and slow." She slurped on my dick and left it dripping wet. As much as I hated to leave her hot mouth behind, I knew that Vanessa's sweet pussy was waiting for me. I moved over and mounted my wife slowly at first. She was used to my dick, and she was nice and wet. But I could still feel her pussy squeezing around my cock as I slid in. 

"Mmmm.. baby. You feel so good," Vanessa whispered. I slowly pushed into her all the way and pulled out to the tip. Melissa moved around to lie down next to Vanessa , kissing her gently. I sat up on my knees and continued slowly moving in and out of Vanessa, admiring the beauty of Melissa and Vanessa lying naked together and caressing each other. I started increasing my pace until I was pounding into Vanessa's pussy. After being teased all day, all I wanted to do was cum and cum hard. Vanessa was moaning pretty loud at this point, which made me more excited. I felt the orgasm growing deep in my balls. I moved one hand to grip Vanessa's waist so that I could pound into her harder moved the other hand onto Melissa's smooth ass that was teasingly laid right next to us. As I started to cum, I squeezed my fingers into Vanessa's hip and Melissa's ass. They both let out a surprised "oooo". Vanessa responded to feeling my hot load inside her by bucking her hips and bouncing up and down on the bed, her eyes clenched and biting her bottom lip. She often came when she felt me cum inside her. She loved the feel of hot jism shooting inside her and filling her pussy. 

"Oooo, yea, cum deep inside her. You guys are so hot. Fuck her, Mark. Fuck her hard." Melissa was very turned on watching me shoot my load deep into my wife. 

"Oh,yea. That felt so good, baby," I panted when I stopped cumming. I kept my dick deep inside her still savoring the warmth. My fingers had moved from Melissa's ass to between her legs while I was cumming. Her pussy was dripping wet, and my fingers slid inside easily. Vanessa received a deep kiss from Melissa while she savored her orgasm. I slowly slid out of her pussy and sat back to enjoy watching them kissing and to concentrate on fingering our friend. Two pussies are better than one, so I slid the fingers from my other hand into the juicy pussy that I just came inside of. It was very wet and extremely hot. I could see my load oozing out as I slid my fingers in and out. Now I had fingers inside both Melissa and Vanessa, and I concentrated on finding the right spot on each girl. They continued kissing while rubbing their hands all over each others' bodies. Melissa slid her leg over Vanessa's hips and mounted her, both of them emitting little noises while they enjoyed the feel of their skin on skin and kissing. The sight of their pussies so close together and my fingers inside each of them was very erotic. Melissa broke their kiss, and turned toward me with her seductive eyes. 

"Come fuck me. I want to feel your dick inside me. Slam me from behind." It wasn't as much a request as it was a command. She didn't wait to see if I would comply. She simply said it, then returned her attention to kissing my wife. 
