 My husband and I have an incredible life and an even better sex life! We have been married for 14 years and I can honestly say that each year has been even better than the year before. We have continually found ways to make things better, more exciting, spicier, if you will. 

We often have "bedroom" talk about being with another couple or man or woman. The thought appeals to me in several ways, but it has never been more than that...talk. It's fun and we both enjoy it very much! But it has left me wondering...where do we go from here? Men are very visual as most of you already know, so I had begun to question whether the "talking" would be enough. I had been considering ways to make this talking fantasy a reality. But, it's a little nerve-racking. How do you ask someone to join you in the bedroom? Should I even ask them, or set it up so that it just happens? So many questions and I am sure he had been thinking the same thing. I knew my husband would be 100% on board, so this would be left to me. Would it ever happen or continue to be just a fantasy we talk about in the bedroom from time to time?

It was a warm June day when I decided to make this happen one way or another. I thought and thought about how to set up the perfect scenario so that it wouldn't feel staged. We had often talked about several possibilities for who we might want to join us and ultimately I decided that another couple was our best option. If either couple was uncomfortable we could just watch each other, which is really hot too. 

We invited some friends, Jason and Katie, to our lake house for the weekend. They have been there with us several times before and were excited about a little getaway. Although they are very close friends, the subject of swapping has never come up. There had been a few conversations here and there that turned to sex, but they were very brief. 

My husband, Mike, had no idea of my plan which made it all that more exciting for me. We got there Friday evening and decided to take a quick trip around the lake before dinner. I thought I would somehow work sex into the conversation the first night we were there and see what happened on the second night. I mean, we were already half naked with just our swimsuits anyway! Really, I was so nervous, I had no idea what I was going to do. So, we got on the boat and I thought my best first approach would be to talk about how great Katie looked in her new swimsuit...which was definitely the truth, she did look fantastic. She works out with a trainer several times a week and it really shows. Jason looked great as well. Mid-30's looks great on both of them. Jason is lean with hard muscles, but is still your everyday working man. He works out and competes in triathlons and does a lot of running.

We all jumped in the boat and took off. It was a beautiful evening and was still 80+ degrees so the breeze felt great!! I sat next to Katie at the front of the boat while the guys enjoyed some beer and drove us around the lake. I told Katie how great she looked. She is quite modest about her looks, but she has long blonde hair that was whipping in the wind. She had on a hot pink bikini that looked fantastic next to her perfectly tanned skin. I was afraid of being too over the top, so I backed off the compliments. 

We spent the rest of the boat ride talking about work and our husbands, all the while I was glancing at her awesome body and would sneak peaks at Jason too. We got back to the cabin, had dinner and enjoyed some cocktails and easy conversation. I was very horny and wanted to make this happen even more. But, I just wasn't sure how. It was getting late so the four of us decided to head to bed and then tomorrow have fun on the lake.

Mike and I went to our bedroom, where I couldn't get him out of his clothes fast enough. Even after 14 years, I find him so hot...it's hard to keep my hands off of him sometimes ;)! He was feeling the same way and got me out of my clothes very quickly. He loves to eat my pussy, so I thought I would let him, I mean it feels incredible. 

We kissed and touched and fell into the bed. He started moving down my body and I was already VERY wet and ready. He licked all around my thighs, then my pussy. He started teasing my clit and I just got even wetter. Then, he was sucking my clit and moving his tongue and i could barely keep quiet. Then, I thought, what the hell, who cares how loud I am! It didn't take long with him sucking my clit and one finger in my pussy for me to cum all over him. 

He quickly slid up my body and stuck his very hard, huge cock inside me. I gasped because it felt so good. He continued to thrust inside me hard and fast. At that rhythm, it didn't take long for him to cum. He pulled out and came on my tits, then quickly slid back inside me...it feels so good. We then quickly feel asleep and my previous plan was in the back of my mind.

The next morning we slept in and awoke feeling relaxed. We had brunch with our friends and decided to get out on the lake because it was so hot already. The day progressed and we had a great time. I was the only one that was a little on edge, ready to see what could happen. We stopped for lunch and spent the afternoon floating around next to the boat. We all drank a few beers and decided to head back for a nice dinner. Katie and I started cooking inside and the men took care of the grill. We took turns showering and getting the lake off of us. While in the shower, I couldn't help but think about our friends and being in the shower with them. Tonight is the night...now or never!

We had dinner and drinks and were all a little tipsy. I was flirting with Jason and Katie both and kept getting looks from Mike. I am sure he was wondering what I was doing, but knows when I get a few drinks in me. Then, all of a sudden I could tell it hit him, he knew what I wanted to do. So, he joined in a little on the flirting. I kept touching Jason's arm and winking at him and he seemed very much open to my fun. Finally, I saw a chance to steer the conversation to sex. I just asked them how their sex life was after being married so long. To my surprise, Katie was more than willing to share. She said it was great and they had been able to keep it lively, but both wanted a little more. Jason agreed and then asked about us. I said ours was amazing and Mike chimed in also. 

Then, I just blurted it out..."I've always wanted to be with another couple". 

It was quiet for what seemed like forever, then Katie and Jason said, they had been thinking about it too. The rest of the night was fun and flirty and light.

The sexual tension I was feeling was almost exploding out of me. I couldn't wait any longer, I wanted this more than anything. So, I got up and said I was heading to the bedroom if anyone wanted to join me. I felt 3 pairs of eyes on me as I walked away. 

As soon as I got to the bedroom, I started undressing. I was wearing a summer dress with only a bra and panties underneath. By the time I had the dress over my head, I felt someone touch me from behind. I could tell it wasn't Mike and felt a little unsure at first. But, Jason kept caressing me and then started kissing down my neck and I melted into him. He slowly slid my bra straps down and reached around to cup my breasts. My nipples responded quickly and were erect between his fingers. I turned to face him and started touching his nice, hard body. I looked down and saw his erection was ready and waiting. 

Then, I saw Mike and Katie not far away on the bed touching and kissing and also slowly undressing. We went to the bed and all 4 began touching and kissing. I was sooo wet, just this was going to make me cum. I reached over and put my hand on Katie's breast, I didn't realize how much I would love the feeling of a big, round, beautiful breast in my hand. I was ready to feel another man inside me, I looked at Jason and I could tell he was ready too. I moved in front of him and got on my hands and knees, he put his dick inside my VERY wet pussy, all the way in on the first pump. It was different, but amazing. He is bigger than Mike and it felt so good. 

Mike then pulled Katie on top of him. I wanted to have his dick in my mouth, while another was in my pussy. I told Katie to put her pussy in his face because he could work magic on her pussy. This way, I could suck on Mike. Everyone was getting something and everyone seemed to be loving all of it. Then, I told Mike he needed to share Katie's pussy because I wanted to taste it too. She looked a little reluctant at first, but quickly obliged. 

Jason moved to her mouth and Mike moved behind me and put his dick back in me. This was my first experience with a woman, so I was hoping I would be able to please her. I tried to remember all the things Mike does to me and did those to her. I licked her clit and kissed all over her perfect pussy. She was dripping wet and tasted so good. I really wanted her to cum while I was pleasing her. I put a finger slowly in her pussy while I licked and sucked her clit. She was moaning and squirming and I knew she was close. Mike told her to let go and she came all around my finger. It was exciting to see what I could do to her. 

Jason then grabbed me and rolled me to my back so he could eat my pussy. Mike moved over Katie and slowly slid his dick inside her...he was already very wet and hard from being inside me. Jason started on my pussy and I was doing everything I could to make it last, but I couldn't hold on and screamed as I came and squirted on him. He looked stunned, apparently Katie has never squirted. 

Now it was time for the men to find their release. I wanted my pussy to get Jason off and told him to get onto his back so I could ride him hard. Katie did the same. As I fucked Jason hard, up and down, it didn't take long. He told me he was close and asked where he should cum. I jumped off and he came in my mouth, while I sucked as hard as I could. He could hardly keep still. Mike, at the same time, was about the cum and Katie told him to cum on her tits. She jumped off and he did just that. I leaned over and licked the cum from her tits. They were so soft and wonderful in my mouth. We all fall over completely spent. 

No one said anything for a while and it was Katie that finally broke the silence. "WOW, I had no idea how awesome it could be with another couple". We all agreed and then we were ready to go again. After the second time, we had no energy left. We fell asleep on the king bed all entangled. The next day, needless to say, we never made it to the lake. Before heading home we spent the day naked and intertwined on the bed trying all different ways of pleasing each other. We now get together occasionally and share an amazing weekend of nothing but pure pleasure.