 Several years ago, before I first met my wife, Maggie, she was in graduate school, living with her roommate, Liz in a small, off-campus apartment. Now Liz had this boyfriend who was always staying over the apartment. Maggie on the other hand, had broken up with her own boyfriend of five years and so she never had anyone over. 

Being that it was a small apartment, she constantly heard Liz and her boyfriend fucking all the time in the other room. Liz tried hard to stifle her moans of pleasure but it was obvious that her boyfriend was fucking the shit out of her. 

Well this went on for several months, Liz's boyfriend barely acknowledged Maggie, immediately retreating to Liz's bedroom anytime he came over. 

One weekend, Liz went away to one of her sorority sister's wedding in Atlanta. Maggie figured that she would have the place to herself for the first time since the two became roommates. So about nine o'clock on Saturday night, she prepared herself for bed because she wanted to get up early to go the library early Sunday morning to do some research. 

She had fallen asleep for about an hour, when she heard some noise in the living room. She got up to investigate, when she realized the noise was from the television in her living room. As she walked in, she saw six guys watching her TV with beers and chips spread out all over the place. 

"What the fuck is going on and who let you into my apartment?" she screamed. 

At that moment, her Liz's boyfriend comes out of the kitchen and said, "I didn't know you were here, Liz said it would be ok for us to watch the Tyson fight on pay per view, I thought she told you, I already gave her the money I collected from the fellas." 

Then he said, "I thought that since you knew, and all the lights were out that you probably didn't want to hang out here, it never dawned on me to check your room to see if you were here, sorry." 

She looked at him and never realizing until now how cute he was and said to him, "Look it's not your fault, Liz should have said something to me before she left but you know her so since she didn't. Have fun. But please do me a favor and after the fight is over, clean up and let me know when you are leaving. And oh, also leave the key, it will make me feel a lot more comfortable" 

"No problem", he said. 

Now while the two of them were having this entire conversation, all the guys in the room were staring at her. 

Maggie is about 5'10 and she has nice full breast with big inch long nipples and a full juicy ass that juts out just so nicely. She had not bother to put on a robe when she came into the living room, so all she had on was a tank top and her panties. She knew most of the guys in the room from graduate school, so it soon dawned on her that she was standing half naked in front of her classmates. She quickly bid them goodnight and retreated back to her room. 

She climbed into bed and began to think about all those guys and how she had not had sex in over a year since she broke up with her boyfriend. She especially thought about her roommate's boyfriend and his cute smile. She started to masturbate and thought better of it because of the noise from the TV and the crowd, she just didn't feel comfortable doing it. So she turned over and eventually fell asleep. 

After about two hours, she was awakened by a knock at her door. 

"We're leaving now, come lock the door," Liz's boyfriend said through her closed bedroom door. 

So she sleepily got up and walked down the hallway to the front door of the apartment. She surveyed the living room and saw that everything had been cleaned up. She also saw that some of the guys had left but three were still hanging around with Liz's boyfriend.

"All cleaned up" he said, "and here's the key." 

As he handed her the key, he said as he held onto her hand and looked into her eyes, " Can I ask you a big favor?" 

"What is it?" she said. 

He moved closer to her and in almost a whisper he said, "I really would love to get a quick look at your tits. You have been turning me on so much around here, I just can't stand it anymore."

She wasn't expecting that and the effect it had on her was immediate, her nipples harden on the spot, poking through her little tank top. 

He said pleading, "just a quick peek and then we're out." 

She looked over at the other guys, who were just standing and staring, actually more like drooling. Her pussy was getting wet as they looked at her, then she felt hands on her shoulders and then felt them slid down her arms. As they slid down, so did the straps of her tank top and as they reached the tops her breast, she felt a slight tug on her top and suddenly her breasts were exposed. 

The room was completely silent as she stood there. Her full breasts with her long nipples completely erect and her large dark areolas shrunk to half their size. 

Liz's boyfriend whispered in her ears, "Your breasts are so beautiful." 

Then he stood behind her and reached around and took each erect nipple between his fingers and started to play with them. Then he started grinding against her big ass. She felt his dick get hard and she moaned as she felt a man's touch on her body for the first time in over a year. 

He slid one hand down into her panties and felt her wet pussy. Maggie gets much, much wetter than the average woman when she is excited, but for her panties, pussy juice would have been dripping down her legs. He stuck his finger in her pussy and she pleaded with him not to stop. He maneuvered her over to the couch where he sat her down, took off her panties and then went down on her. She was now very close to cumming and he had just barely sucked on her clit. 

A couple of minutes later, she came quickly, which caused to her buck and jump as he held her ass in his hands and kept eating her. 

"Oh, God I want your dick inside of me," she said looking at him. 

He lifted his head from her pussy and pushed the head of his dick inside of her. Her back arched up, her pussy attempting to gobble up his dick as fast as he could possibly serve it. His dick was moving in and out of her very wet pussy when one of his boys came over and stuck his dick in her mouth. She sucked on his dick like it was the last dick on Earth. She licked his balls and tried to deep throat him but he was too big. 

Liz's boyfriend pulled out and another one of his boys moved in. His dick was smaller and kept sliding out her incredibly wet pussy, but he persevered until he finally shot a huge load all over her stomach. 

She was still sucking one of the guy's dick when she noticed the third guy still standing off to the side. He was jerking off and then she noticed that he had the biggest dick she had ever seen.

So, Mr. Big Dick (as she would later nickname him) walked over to the couch and turned her around so her big ass was bent over the couch. 

He looked at her ass and said, "Damn, girl you don't know. I've been wanting to fuck this ass for a long time." 

He grabbed his huge cock and forced it into her pussy. She grunted as he forced more and more into her pussy. His dick filled up her pussy as he grabbed her hips and slammed into her big, juicy ass. She squealed with each stroke and begged him to fuck her harder, which he did. He kept telling her how good her pussy felt. 

Then suddenly the guy who had been getting his dick sucked said, "Yo! Let me get some of that ass." 

Mr. Big Dick pulled out his near foot long dick still glistening with pussy juice and said, "Damn, I was enjoying this shit." 

His boy grabbed Maggie and said, " I want you to ride my dick, baby." 

He laid down on the floor and she climbed on top of him and began to move and grind on his dick. He pulled her head down and started pumping his dick in her pussy. She closed her eyes and let the feeling take over her. After awhile she felt herself cumming again but a deep intense quiet orgasm that had her head spinning. 

As she came, she just stayed still as he continued to pump his dick in her wet pussy. She then felt two hands on her ass as her cheeks were being spread apart and something wet being applied to her asshole and then she heard the guy she was on top of say, "go ahead man, put it up her ass." 

She looked around and saw her Liz's boyfriend, his dick rock hard, starting to shove it up her asshole. She had never been fucked up the ass before let alone have two guys in her at once and she was about to protest when she thought, if I am going to be gang banged, I might as well go all the way. She tried to relax as he entered her ass but the anticipation was overwhelming and her sphincter tightened. 

Her roommate's boyfriend leaned over and whispered how he wouldn't hurt her and just to relax. Well the soft nature of his words plus the incredible attraction she had for him loosened her inhibitions and her sphincter as he slowly eased it into her ass. Now she felt complete full and incredibly horny. 

The guy on the bottom kept pumping into her as fast as he could until he shot his load into her pussy. He slid out of the way and Liz's boyfriend started fucking her hard and fast up her ass. 

He told her how he had always wanted to fuck her up the ass and how his girlfriend was flat-chested and had such a flat ass that it didn't turn him on at all. 

As he fucked her, her head was flat on the ground and her big ass high in the air. He kept saying how he loved a "big juicy assed" woman and how he was "gonna tear this ass up". 

At the same time Mr. Big Dick walked over and sat in front of her and told her to suck his dick, while his boy fucked her up the ass. She grabs his big dick and sucked on it, but had a hard time concentrating because Liz's boyfriend was fucking her so deep up her ass. 

After awhile the Liz's boyfriend came inside of her and completely collapsed on her back. Mr. Big Dick told him to move out of the way and turned Maggie over onto her back. He then put her legs on his shoulders and proceeded to fuck as hard as he could. He really pounded that pussy and kept asking her if she liked his big dick. She couldn't even answer because he was hitting every spot in her pussy. He kept the pounding up, all the while circling his hips and trying his best to get deeper in her that anyone had ever been. 

After about a half hour of heavy duty fucking, he let out a large groan and let her know that he was cumming. She begged him to cum in her mouth and he pulled his dick out and forced it in her mouth. As soon as her lips touched his dick, he immediately shot a big load. She kept sucking him until he couldn't take anymore. Everyone in the room was spent and all parties satisfied. 

Eventually everyone left except Mr. Big Dick, he stayed over, they both fell asleep in each others arms. When they woke, they spent the entire morning fucking each other. He even made several attempted to fuck her up the ass but his dick was just too big for her ass but she had no problems accommodating him in her hungry pussy. 

That afternoon, Liz came home and quickly apologized for not letting her know about the party. She asked if it there were any inconveniences or hassles, Maggie said no and told her everything turned out just fine, and her boyfriend was a perfect gentleman. 

Maggie and Mr. Big Dick ended up together as an "on campus" couple until he got kicked out for grades. It seems like he couldn't handle the heavy class schedule and heavy fucking schedule Maggie put him under.