 I awoke with a disorienting haze clouding my mind from the alcohol the night before. I realized I lay in bed on my stomach, right leg bent out to the side. My nakedness made my skin cool with no covers. With my eyes still closed, I felt a warm weight on against my back, just above my ass. No doubt my wife, Vanessa, had her leg on me. She liked to hold me in the night. I began to imagine her soft café brown skin, her deep, dark eyes and light brown hair. She had a thin waist and well rounded ass. Her Colombian features were made more proportional since her breast augmentation. She wore a 36 C bra, which she filled out nicely. I turned my head toward my left, the side the she was lying on, and opened my eyes. My gaze fell upon two gorgeous, cream colored boobs with big, round areolas and full, thick nipples. I imagined sucking on them, rolling my tongue around the areolas and squeezing the nipples between my lips. But these weren't man made tits. 

They were softer looking and sagging more naturally. They were slightly bigger than what I was used to. Then memories flooded into my head from the night before. Those were not my wife's boobs but the boobs of my wife's best friend, Melissa! I quickly looked at the face resting on the pillow above the boobs. Whereas Vanessa has the face of an angel with gentle features, Melissa has the face and body of a sex goddess. Her big, green eyes with long lashes sat upon high cheek bones. Her lips, full and wide, cover a large mouth and silky tongue. Long, jet black hair flowed down her shoulders to just below her monstrous natural tits. My eyes continued down her flat stomach, highlighted by a jewel encrusted ring in her belly button, to her narrow hips and bulbous ass. Finally, my eyes moved from her ass along her long, thin legs, one that extended straight and one that was wrapped around me. Melissa is also Colombian, but her skin is much lighter, almost as if she has a slight tan all year. 

While taking in the goddess lying next to me, images from the night before flooded my mind: flashes of Vanessa eating Melissa's pussy and Melissa sucking on my cock, followed by Vanessa writhing beneath me while I pounded my cock into her pussy, finally Melissa lying on top of Vanessa pounding her fist into the mattress while I shoved my dick deep into the back of her pussy. Melissa has such a deep, big pussy, while Vanessa has a tight, shallow hole. They both are completely hairless and smooth. Melissa has large, puffy pussy lips that practically grab your cock and pull it inside. Vanessa hardly has any lips, her pussy opening a smooth slit leading up to a big, dark clit. While I have had sex with Vanessa countless times and am familiar with the way she likes to fuck and what makes her cum, last night was the first time that I have been with Melissa. It was very exciting for me as I had fantasized about fucking her more times than I can remember. If I have any say in it, it will not be the last time. I have plans for her and Vanessa. This weekend we are staying in a luxurious hotel in Washington D.C. compliments of our photographer friend, Rob. He will be over later this morning to begin photographing the girls for his portfolio. I have a feeling that I will be able to feel the inside of my wife's and her friend's pussies many more times this weekend. 

I moved my head away from Melissa's voluptuous form to turn my gaze to Vanessa's perfectly naked ass on the other side of me. Her caramel colored skin was glowing in the low light of the room. She stirred and rolled onto her back revealing her perfectly formed tits that did not sag when she lay on her back, but instead remained round and firm, forming peaks on her chest. Her nipples were a shade of brown and no bigger than a quarter. They contrasted to Melissa's large pink ones. Her flat, tone stomach led to a slight V-shape that pointed directly down between her thighs. 

I felt Melissa stir. She put her arm across my back and moved closer, practically on top of me. I could feel her hot cooze against my hip and the softness of her breasts on my shoulder. I turned my head toward her to find her eyes still closed, apparently still asleep. Slowly, I moved my hand onto her leg and hip to hold her and try not to wake her as I turned my body onto my side to face her. My cock had been raging hard all morning while I thought about what happened last night, and now it was time to relieve some of the pressure. I put my fingers into my mouth to wet them before placing them between Melissa's thighs. Very gently, I began to rub the saliva up and down her giant lips. I rubbed very lightly, just trying to get her pussy nice and wet. At the sensation of my touch, she awoke slightly, revealing her gorgeous light green eyes for the first time this morning. I moved my head closer to hers and whispered, "Good morning, baby. Stay asleep. Don't wake up. Just lie there and have good dreams." She smiled slightly and whispered something inaudible. I gave her a kiss lightly on the lips and returned to gently sliding my finger along the length of her slit. Melissa rolled onto her back and submissively let her legs fall apart, exposing her pussy and giving her self over to me. My fingers dove into her warm hole, probing the sides, feeling the texture of her moist pussy. She kept her eyes closed, but parted her lips slightly to increase her breathing. I slid my body down the bed a bit so that my hips were below hers, and I moved in below her thighs, gently lifting her legs and draping them across my body. 

The base of my cock was now even with her clit, and the trunk lay across her pubic mound, extending eight inches up to a bulbous, red head laying just below the jewel in her belly button. It was exciting seeing how far my cock would extend into her body when I was inside her. I lay there for a moment thinking about being inside her, feeling the walls of her cunt wrapping around my dick like a velvet glove. The taste of her pussy juice on my fingers reminded me of the night before. Although she smelled and tasted nice, I could tell she had been fucked recently. She had a musky smell and taste that often filled a room where people have had sex for hours on end. I soaked my fingers in saliva and applied it to my aching cock, stroking from the head, along the shaft, to the base, and back again. I gently slid the head of my cock along her clit, in between her puffy pink folds, and paused at the entrance of her vagina. Melissa lay perfectly motionless. Even though she was aroused, she was still half asleep, somewhere between dreams and reality. 

I began swirling the head of my dick around the hole before me, applying a little pressure with my hips until the head disappeared inside her juicy pussy. Applying more pressure, I could feel the tight grip of her opening giving way to the immense space inside. I rotated my body slightly, angling my dick up, and felt the head meet the front wall of her pussy. Continuing to push into her slowly, my head slid along the friction of her slightly puffy G spot and continued into her deep canal. Melissa continued to lie still except for the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed deeply. My dick was now buried in her as far as I could go from this angle. Careful not to disturb her, I lifted my top leg over her far leg to put us in a type of scissor position. Each of us had one leg between the other's legs. She adjusted her hips slightly and I was able to push my dick deeper into the back of Melissa's gaping cunt. Keeping my dick in as deep as it would go, I slowly gyrated my hips to move the head of my dick around the end of the hot, wet tunnel I was buried in. I could feel the muscles at the opening of her pussy clenching and releasing the base of my dick. At the same time the textured wall at the end of her canal massaged the head of my dick. 

Whatever haze of sleep clouded Melissa's mind when I began fondling her had now disappeared and she was moaning lightly and moving her hips to match mine. Other than her hips moving slowly and the tiny noises escaping her lips, she lay perfectly still. Her eyes were closed and her arms stretched out above her head. She looked as if she were enjoying the "deep tissue massage" my cock was giving her. 

Vanessa awoke while I was moving into the scissor position. Her eyes met mine, and she smiled. She knew that I had wanted to fuck Melissa for a long time, and I feel that she approved of me doing that as much as I could while I had the chance. Vanessa started moving her hands over her dark, tan, body, pausing to pinch her erect nipples and continuing with one hand down to rub her clit. She let her legs fall open with her knees pointing out to the side. From where my head was, I could see straight into her pussy and ass. She rubbed her clit while she watched me fuck Melissa. 

I kept rubbing the head of my dick into the deep walls of Melissa's pussy while watching Vanessa pleasuring herself. I began to think about playing a game with these girls today. The girls would be walking around in lingerie and skimpy outfits all day during the photo shoot. They would be trying to look seductive and sexy and would no doubt work themselves up pretty good from their efforts. Vanessa always told me how horny modeling made her, and after last night and this morning they would have plenty of sexual thoughts to run through their heads all day. They would need to be fucked good tonight when we were finally alone. I decided that it would be in all of our best interest if I made sure they were having sexual thoughts throughout the day. 

Melissa's hips moved in rhythm with mine, and she began purring softly. I changed my position by moving my hips between her legs and lying on top her, face to face. Looking into her eyes, I almost came, but that wasn't part of my plan. I slowed my movements and drew my lips to Melissa's shoulder to kiss her lightly. My mouth migrated up her neck to suck on her earlobe while I massaged my dick against the inner walls of her pussy, first one side, then the other. Melissa put her arms around me, one on my back and the other around the back of my head. I could feel her soft breasts pressing against my chest as I rocked back and forth. Her heavy breathing warmed my shoulder. I whispered in her ear, "You know you made me feel amazing last night. You are so sexy that I want to eat you alive."

She smiled. "You made me cum sooo hard. I thought I was going to pass out," she whispered back. I turned my head to glance at Vanessa who had her eyes closed and was quietly enjoying her fingers, oblivious to our conversation. My lips went back to Melissa's ear, and my cock kept conducting its internal massage. She purred with approval.

"I think I did pass out," I replied. "I can't get enough of you. You know I'm going to be fucking you with my eyes all day while you strut around in your underwear."

"You'd better use more than your eyes." Her sultry tone promised today would be interesting. She moved one of her hands down to my ass and dug her fingernails into my back with the other. Her legs wrapped around my waist, locked at the ankles. 

I picked up the pace, pulling my dick out to the head and shoving it in to the base. My balls slapped lightly against her ass. "Fuck me, baby. Mmmmm. Yea. Mmmmmm." I moved my left hand down her body to grip the side of her ass. My right hand moved up her neck to entangle in her hair. One hand squeezed; the other pulled. Our excitement grew. Melissa's grip on my ass tightened, and her claws began to drag across my shoulder. I knew a few moments we would both have our eyes closed, be holding our breath, biting our bottom lips, and enjoying our sweet release. I slowed to barely moving in and out of her. "Ohhhghghh. I'm so close baby; don't stop," she breathed against my neck. 

"You need to cum, baby?"

"Yea, I want to cum bad."

"Does you pussy ache?"

"Yea....ughhghh."

"Do you want to feel my dick pound deep in your wet pussy?"

"Uhhuh." Her breathing was ragged. "Mmmmm."

"I want to feel your pussy squeeze my dick when you cum. You feel so good." I stopped with my dick buried as deep as it would go inside her. "But I need you to do me favor. I don't want you to cum now. I want you to cum tonight. We're going to play a game. No matter what happens today, don't cum until I tell you its ok."

Her grip loosened; her hips relaxed; a grin grew across her flush cheeks; and her gorgeous eyes stared into mine. "You are absolutely evil, and it drives me wild!" 

I gave her one slow length of my dick, which made her twitch. "Now, don't tell Vanessa about this, and go hop in the shower. I need to give her a little attention." 

Melissa's full, ruby lips met mine in a soft embrace. She moved her hips to pull my throbbing member out of her slippery cunt, and our lips broke apart. I rolled off of her onto my back. When she sat up, she grabbed my cock with her hand and followed with her lips. She sucked on the head for a split second before moving her lips all the way down to the base in one smooth motion. I could feel the head of my dick get sucked into her tight throat. As quickly as she had swallowed my dick, she pulled it out of her mouth and kissed the head. I couldn't believe it! She had never mentioned deep throating a cock before. With a quick smile she whispered, "I love this thing," and made her way to the bathroom and shut the door. Watching her ass wiggle as she left was a wonderful sight. 

An equally wonderful sight lay on the other side of the bed. Vanessa still had her eyes closed and was moving two fingers in and out of her dripping pussy. I crawled over to her and placed my lips around her closest nipple. A smile fell across her lips. "I was waiting for my turn like a good girl." 

"And now it is your turn." I moved between her legs without breaking my lips away from her nipple. Vanessa's fingers moved out of her hole up to her clit, erect with excitement. 

"It made me really wet listening to you fuck Melissa." 

"Does it make you really wet listening to me fuck you?" I moved my lips to her other nipple, my cock rubbing lightly against her opening. 

She giggled and reached down to guide my cock inside. Her eyes opened and she looked down between her legs to see her hand wrapped around my shaft. "Oh my god! You are so hard and huge. What happened?"

"I guess I am just so turned on by having the two of you." I smiled. "You like it?"

"Yea! Come here. Let me see it better." She pulled me up to straddle her chest, her hand squeezing my cock. By now my cock was almost trembling by all the attention it was getting. Vanessa eyed it hungrily. She slid her hand slowly up and down the shaft producing a drop of pre cum from the tip. My head was swollen and a deep purple color. Her fingertips did not meet her thumb when she wrapped her hand around its circumference. "It feels so heavy and thick." She slid her hand down to the base, following it with her lips. Her tongue came out along the underside making my skin slick with lubrication. Vanessa couldn't take me all the way into her mouth like Melissa could, but she made up for it with technique. Her other hand joined the effort and made sure my entire shaft was covered with saliva. Both hands moved independently, twisting around my shaft and pumping up and down while her lips moved from the tip to just over the head. Her tongue, wet and slick, provided the suction. She paused with her mouth, but kept her hands moving, "You feel so hard in my mouth. I don't know if I can take you inside me." 

"You'll be fine. Just take it slow." I moved between her legs and spread them wide. Her smooth, tan thighs spread wide, revealing a slit glistening with moisture. She guided my cock to her opening. The tip of my dick searched up and down her slit until it disappeared inside. I held there, not going any deeper. Vanessa held onto my dick and moved the head slowly in and out of her pussy. She had her eyes closed and lips parted slightly. My dick throbbed and ached from being so engorged. I wanted to ram it inside her over and over again to shoot my hot load deep in her pussy, but I practiced patience while she stretched her tiny canal around me. I pushed my hips forward slowly, easing my dick deeper inside Vanessa. She arched her back and opened her mouth wider in a silent gasp of pleasure and pain. 

"Ooooo....slow, slow." Her hand just now coming off of my cock as it slid in over half way. 

"You feel so good. You are so wet." I partially pulled it back out only to push it back in just as smoothly. She seemed to be handling the first half well. Her pussy was so tight; I could feel the muscles in the walls gripping the head of my dick as it flowed in and out of her. My hands slid up her thighs to her hips and the sides of her ass. 

Vanessa has the most perfectly heart shaped ass I have ever seen. I missed the view of it bouncing around while I fucked her. "Turn over, baby. I want to look at your cute little ass while I fuck you." 

Out of breath from the effort of accommodating my huge member, she didn't speak. Her cheeks were flush, and her eyes were filled with lust. A slight smile came across her lips while she complied. On her hands and knees, she arched her back to present her pussy. 

This time my cock slid in more easily, although still only a little over half way before I felt resistance. I started slow with my hands on her ass cheeks squeezing slightly. She really loved having her ass squeezed hard when she was turned on. My cock slid easily in and out of her while she moved her hips back to meet my thrusts. The volume of her moans and squeaks increased as I rode her. I dug my fingers into her soft ass cheeks, squeezing her flesh hard. "Oh, yea, baby. Fuck me harder! Make me cum." She gasped between moans of lust. I thrust hard into her, reaching for the end of her vagina. Finding my mark, I kept pounding the tip of my dick into her wall. But I knew that I didn't want her to cum, nor did I want to cum. I wanted to savor the feeling of being incredibly turned on and aching with the need for release. I stopped moving with my cock buried deep inside Vanessa. Pushing forward on her ass resulted in her lying down on her stomach with her legs spread out. My cock dug deep into her hot box, and I laid on top of her to speak into her ear. 

"Do you want to cum, baby?"

"Yessss... I need to cum now." She arched her back to push her ass up into my cock. 

"No, not yet." I moved my cock slowly out and back in as deep as it would go. 

"Baby, give it to me now!" She whined, "I need to cum sooo bad!"

"I'm going to fuck you all day today, and I don't want you to cum yet." I pushed my hips down, feeling my cock push hard against the back of her pussy, then I removed my cock from inside her quickly. "That's all for you now." We were both familiar with this game. We've spent days teasing each other, bringing each other near climax before backing off. I rolled off of Vanessa, lying next to her on my back. My cock throbbing against my stomach, I breathed deeply to ease the tingling that was growing in my belly. 

Vanessa moved her head onto my shoulder and rubbed my chest with her hand. "We are going to have fun today, aren't we?" she asked. Her hand moved down to lightly stroke my cock. 

Melissa emerged from the bathroom wearing only a towel. "I see you two are still having fun." She continued toward her suitcase to pick out some clothes. "Rob will be here soon, and it wouldn't look good if he saw us like this. We have a lot of work to do today." "But that doesn't mean we aren't going to have fun too." Vanessa giggled on her way to take a shower. 

Melissa finished clipping a black lace pushup bra that framed her breasts beautifully. "You didn't let her cum did you?"

"Of course not," I replied, slowly stroking my cock. Melissa's eyes settled on my meat as she moved toward the bed. I slid toward the edge so she could reach down and touch me. She moved onto the bed and straddled my crotch. Using her hand, she guided her pussy onto my dick. "I thought you showered. You are still soaking wet inside!" Her pussy took my cock inside easily and slid down to the hilt. 
