 (Part 1...in progress)

Heather turned her yellow VW Beetle onto a narrow country lane as the last rays of a New England sunset washed across the forest surrounding her. The colors faded quickly as the sun sank into the horizon behind her. She wished that the fiery mix of emotions burning within her would fade away as easily. The picture of her boyfriend, Jeff, swinging from the rear view mirror, caught her eye and the all too familiar feelings of desire and anger threatened to overwhelm her again. "Asshole," she fired at his photo as she flipped him off. She gently stroked the photo with the fingers of her right hand and sighed. "A fucking cute asshole, though." Heather shook her head, thinking about their life together. 

She had met Jeff at a Sunday afternoon football party at the home of a mutual friend. It may not have been love at first sight, but the attraction between them was incredibly strong. Time spent laughing and teasing that afternoon had, with the help of a few shared beers, ended up in an enthusiastic lovemaking session in their host's bathroom. Heather lightly brushed her fingers across her thighs as she remembered how Jeff's large cock had felt as he'd slipped into her from behind, bent over the edge of the bath tub, her d-cup breasts pressed against the cold white porcelain. "Damn," she whispered. Jeff was good at doggy-style. Her fingers slipped up under her skirt and she felt moisture starting to soak through her thong. That bathroom episode had resulted in her moving in with Jeff that next weekend and marked the beginning of a stormy relationship. She and Jeff fought as passionately as they made love. Fighting often ended up in incredible, almost violent fuckfests. Sometimes fucking triggered a fight. Heather shook her head. "What a fucked up confusing mess," she groaned. 

The whole messy relationship was what brought her up into the woods of New England. Heather was going to spend the weekend at Jeff's aunt Carol's cottage. She'd met Carol at lunch with Jeff in New York early on in their relationship. Heather had mentioned how "fiery" things were between she and Jeff. Carol had smiled knowingly. As they said goodbye, she'd leaned close to Heather and slipped a folded note into her hand. The note contained an open invitation to visit her any time Heather wanted to get away from it all. Heather had stumbled across the note in her purse and had given Carol a call. Carol stopped her car in the driveway of a two-story white cottage and switched off the ignition. The windows in the home glowed invitingly as the first stars began to twinkle in the night sky overhead. Heather smiled, she was going to enjoy being with Carol and getting away from it all. 

Heather stepped out of her car just as the front door opened and Carol rushed out to sweep Heather up in her arms. "Oh, I'm so glad you're here, sweetheart," Carol said in her whispery, slightly southern accent. "I've got a whole girly girl weekend planned. Tea times, long walks in the woods, a trip to a day spa and, well, just tons of stuff." She stood back and smiled admiringly at Heather. "Damn, girl. Look at how cute you look."

Heather blushed. The soft sent of Carol's perfume lingered in the air between them. "I don't hear that often enough. You know, Jeff isn't, well..."

"Jeff," Carol scolded playfully, "is a major league fucking asshole and you, little lady," Carol said as she patted Heather's cheek, "are not to think or speak of him for a full 24 hours. It's just you and me and fun now. Got it?"

"Got it, ma'am," Heather giggled. "Loud and clear."

The two women gathered Heather's bags from the VW trunk and moved them inside the house. Heather used Carol's restroom while Carol put her luggage upstairs. A few minutes later, both women were settled down in Carol's breakfast nook with a light supper of soup and salad and tall glasses of wine. The laughed and talked together for an hour or more about their lives and careers. Heather worked in an advertising agency as a receptionist. Carol freelanced as a costume designer for Hollywood film companies. 

The wine and the conversation relaxed Heather more than she had in months. She found Carol to be an irresistible companion. Easy to talk to, smart, sexy and had a wickedly playful sense of humor. As they laughed together, Heather suddenly felt dizzy and put her hand to her forehead. "Wow," she said, "too much wine and too little sleep."

"Poor thing," Carol said as she slipper her arm around Heather. "Let's get you upstairs where you can freshen up while I take care of these dishes. We can snuggle up and watch a movie later. Sound good?"

"Absolutely," Heather sighed. "Thank you for this, Carol. I don't know how to tell you what this means to me, to be able to get away and think."

"Don't mention it, Heather. You are always welcome here. Anything in my house you want, you just consider it yours. What's mine is yours. Okay?"

"Okay. I'll remember that."

Carol led Heather up the white railed winding staircase and down the upstairs hallway to a pair of white French doors that opened into the master bedroom. Carol's bedroom. They sat Heather's bags inside the doorway and Heather looked in awe at the room. 

A large round bed with six white posts draped in white and red satin dominated the room. The bedsheets were red satin accented with an ornate wine colored bedspread with gold flowers embroidered into it. Dozens of red and yellow pillows of various sizes and shapes were scattered around the center of the bed. It screamed comfort and sensual delight. The room was kissed by the scent of cinnamon and vanilla rising from votive candles scattered around the room. 

"Is this your room, Carol? I can't stay here. A guest bedroom or the sofa is fine. I can't..."

Carol put a finger to Heather's lips. "Shush, sweetie," she said. "I told you downstairs that what was mine is yours, didn't I. Your staying here and that's final. I'll let you freshen up while I tidy up downstairs and then we can relax for the rest of the evening. I'll be up with wine shortly. There's fresh towels in the bath and you can browse through my clothes if you want. I've got more that enough to choose from. I'm kind of a clothes whore, you know? Everything should fit you. We're both built about the same. I mean, big tits and nice tight asses." Carol cupped Heathers breasts through her tank top and jiggled them playfully as they laughed together. "Though yours still have that 20-something jiggle and mine are starting a bit of a late 40s decline."

"Stop it, Carol," Heather giggled, "I think you look awesome. I hope I look half as good as you when I hit my 40s. I still want to be hot and horny way longer than that."

"Well, I've still got the horny part working," Carol said with a laugh. "Okay, so get freshened up and I'll see you shortly. I'm so glad you're here. This will be fun." She hugged Heather and kissed her on the cheek before turning to head back downstairs. 

Heather turned and looked at the bed again. With her head buzzing from the wine and her body tired from the long car ride, she wanted nothing better than to strip down naked, settle under the satin sheets and go to sleep for a week. She wanted to spend more time with Carol, though, so she moved into the bathroom instead. She really wasn't quite ready for a shower or bath yet, but did need to pee. 

The bathroom was much like the bedroom. White and rich red colors surrounded her. A large antique clawfoot tub stood along the far wall, surrounded by a deep red shower curtain. Heather stopped to admire herself in a wood-framed floor length mirror placed just inside the door. She turned slowly to check her figure and slipped off her tank top. She'd come braless for the car ride, and her full, d-cup breasts jiggled seductively as she playfully cupped and squeezed them. "Nice tits, girl," she told herself. "Carol says so, too." She tossed her shoulder length red hair with her hands and stretched like a cat. This was going to be an awesome weekend. Wine, clothes, luxurious home and no fucking Jeff. Awesome. 

Heather slipped off her shorts and panties and sat down on the toilet to pee. A magazine rack mounted next to the toilet caught her attention. "So, Carol's a bathroom reader, eh?" Like most bathroom magazine collections, Carol had TIME, O, and a couple of months of Redbook handy. Unlike most bathrooms, Carol also had an assortment of porn magazines. Heather noticed a current Playboy, a couple of Hustlers and an assortment of D-cup and Busty magazines. "Oh my god," Heather whispered, "Carol must have it going on big time." She wondered if Carol was gay, bi, or what. Heather leafed through a Hustler while she went pee, laughing at the gutter humor and admiring the thick cocks sliding into glistening tight pussies. "Horny," she thought, "I'm always so fucking horny." With a sigh, she closed the magazine and placed it back into the rack. Heather stood, flushed the toilet with one hand,scooped up her clothes with the other and headed back into the bedroom. 

Letting her handful of clothes drop next to her bags, Heather turned to admire the candle lit bedroom. The room was furnished rather simply. A couple of chairs stood next to a small, lace covered table by the large French windows on the far side of the room. A door on the wall on the other side of the round bed must be a clothes closet. She would definitely want to poke around in Carol's clothes. A costume designer must have some pretty cool stuff hanging in there. A large HD TV screen was mounted on one wall with a cabinet beneath for a DVD player. In the corner of the room farthest away from her stood a large dressing table with a red velvet covered stool and an oversized oval mirror. "Okay, let's explore," Heather whispered mischievously as she walked around the bed towards the table. "You look like a great place to start. Make up and jewelry. A girl's best friends."

The red velvet of the four legged stool felt soft and warm against her ass as she settled down in front of the mirror. Several large candles burned peacefully on the table, bathing her face and naked chest in soft, warm light. She picked up a pearl handled brush and brushed at her hair as she looked into the mirror. Her breasts jiggled playfully with each stroke of the brush. She cupped one in her hand and squeezed, toying with the nipple. Heather loved her tits, loved playing with them and to have them played with. She could sometimes orgasm just playing with her tits in front of a mirror while she pressed her thighs together. She shook her head and set the brush back down on the table. Her pussy was moist, becoming wetter as she gazed at herself in the mirror. "Easy girl," she chuckled. "Not yet. Later, maybe. Plenty of time for that at bedtime." 

Heather turned her attention to the dressing table. On her right, four large drawers seemed to cry for her attention. She opened the first one, which slid open to reveal a large collection of jewelry displayed against black and red velvet. "Shit," Heather thought to herself, "it's like a fucking jewelry store." Her hands lightly touched several pieces. A pair of gold earrings shaped like Celtic crosses caught her eye. She put them on and looked into the mirror, gently tossing her head. The earrings sparkled and danced in the candlelight in the room. She closed the top drawer and pulled at the handle of the second one. It stuck a bit, so she slid off the stool to kneel in front of it. She grabbed both handles and tugged as the drawer slid open. Heather gasped softly. 

"Okay," she thought, "so this is what the fucking huge TV is for." Heather stared curiously at a video camera and tripod. A collection of DVDs filled the remainder of the drawer. She ran her eyes over the titles. Carol had a lot of them. Hustler, Playboy and some from companies she'd never heard of covering all kinds of subjects from fantasy to hard core fuck films. Over half of the DVDs seemed to be girl-on-girl. "Aunt Carol's a very naughty girl, I guess," Heather breathed. "Wow!"

A collection of recorded DVDs in plain jewel cases caught her eye and she pulled out several. They were labeled with a red Sharpie marker. Each one had a date and a short descriptive title. Me Masturbating, Me and Chris, Me and My New Rabbit Vibe, Kitchen Fun, Kelly and Sarah, Mexico Trip 2008, Big Cock Handyman, Halloween Orgy 2009...and many more. Heather returned the DVDs to the drawer, vowing to come back to them during the night. Heather was suddenly intensely curious about Carol's sexuality. She made a mental note to probe for more information later and closed the drawer. 

The bottom drawer slid open easily to reveal Carol's collection of sex toys. Heather felt her heart pump as she stared in disbelief at the variety of different devices neatly...almost lovingly...arranged on a bed of black velvet. There were ben wa balls, vibrating bullets, flesh colored penis shaped dildos, vibrators in a variety of shapes and colors and even a set of bright red nipple clamps and handcuffs. As Heather ran her fingers lightly over assortment, a wet, sultry desire to hold them, hell, to play with them grew within her. "Carol said that what was hers was mine, after all," she mused. Heather picked up an impressively large black vibrator, heavily ribbed, with a vibrating egg at the base. She held it gently, savoring the soft fleshy feel of it in her hand as she turned it on. It whirred to life and she brushed it against her cheek. Impulsively, she touched it to her lips and slowly drew it up into her mouth. Her other hand dropped down to her waist and she touched her pussy with her finger, gently parting the lips. Wet, god she was wet. 

Heather shook her head, shaking herself out of the erotic trance she was slipping into. She closed the drawer and saw a black box on the corner of the dresser next to a black ceramic ash tray. Curious, she laid the black vibe down on the dresser and reached out to open the box. It contained a large gold lighter and several black cigarettes with red filters. Someone must have custom made them for Carol. Heather had never seen anything like it. She took one of the long, thin cigarettes from the box and put it to her lips. She picked up the gold lighter and lit up. Heather seldom smoked, but she needed to calm her nerves and relax a bit. The wine, the toys and the her discoveries about Carol's rather active sex life had her heart pounding and her mind racing. She took a long drag on the cigarette and slowly exhaled. Heather stood up and placed the ash tray near the edge of the dresser. She took another deep draw on the cigarette and placed it gently on the ash tray as she turned her attention to the closet door. 

Heather stepped through the door and fumbled for the light switch. The light revealed, not a closet, but a small room filled with clothes for every occasion and for every season. Pant suits, business suits an dresses in a rainbow of colors hung on racks surrounding her. Shelves held sweaters and shoes in more styles than Heather had ever seen in her life. Heather saw an adorable pair of gold shoes with black stiletto heels on a shelf to her right. Heather had a bit of a shoe addiction. Unable to resist the temptation, she knelt and put on the shoes. As she stood, she looked around her for a mirror, but instead saw another door at the back of the closet. She opened it and stepped through into another small room. She gasped as she turned on the light. 

This room was full of lingerie. "Oh, my god! Wow," Heather breathed. She adored lingerie, but only had a handful of nice pieces. This was like lingerie heaven. Carol had the collection organized by types of garment. To Heather's left were racks of teddies and camisoles. In front of her were other racks of bustiers and to her right were shelves full of panties, thongs and g-strings. Heather was surrounded by a cloud of silk, satin, fishnet and even latex delights. "Goddamn, Carol," Heather thought to herself, "this is fucking awesome." 

Heather set the gold stilettos down stepped up to the bustier collection to take a closer look. A black one with gold ribbon and lace caught her eye. She picked it up and turned to face a mirror in the rooms corner. She held the bustier up to her bare breasts, cradling it close. "Carol said do whatever I wanted," Heather thought. "And I fucking have to try this on." She quickly slipped the bustier on and turned to examine herself in the mirror. "Nice, girl," she smiled and, kneeling, grabbed the stilettos, slipping them onto her feet. She stood again and gazed at her reflection in the mirror. Her breasts were pushed up into jiggling white mounds of pink, freckled flesh by the bustier. She turned for a profile view and playfully cupped them, pushing her tight little bubbly ass out in a 1940s pinup model pose. "Who wouldn't want to fuck this pretty ass, baby," she said out loud. 

"Anybody with a lick of common sense, sweetie." Heather gasped and spun around to see Carol standing in the doorway. She was holding the lit cigarette Heather had left in the bedroom with one hand and the black vibe with the other. Heather felt her face flush hot with embarrassment. 

"Carol," Heather stammered, "god, I mean, I didn't...I was just...fuck, how embarrassing. I'm sorry."

Carol smiled and giggled. "Heather, dear, I told you what was mine was yours. I'm glad you've made yourself at home. Relax, you look so adorable there. Even your tight little tushy is blushing, honey." Carol gathered Heather up in a her arms and kissed her gently on the lips. Carol's kiss was so soft, the scent of her perfume and hair so warm and inviting, that Heather found herself simply melting into Carol's embrace. Without thinking, she reached out with her tongue, slipping into Carol's warm mouth. Carol responded and own tongue caressed Heather's in a deep, lingering kiss. Carol lifted her mouth away from Heather's. 

"First time for that?" Carol asked. Heather nodded, unable to speak. Taking a long drag from the cigarette, Carol pushed the vibe into Heather's trembling hands. "Why don't you take our little friend back out into the bedroom and relax for a few moments, Heather. There's some wine on the dresser. I'll slip into something more, let's say, suitable for the evening and I'll join you. Okay?"

...to be continued...