 NOTE: This story contains, among other things, male on male sex. If you find that offensive, please move to another story. Otherwise, your comments are greatly appreciated. 

*

I was invited to a party that was being given by a friend of a friend. I had never met the guy, but my friend said he knew every chick in town. Being nineteen and not that sexually experienced, that sounded good to me. He told me to just meet him there and gave me the address.

Well I showed up at the party and quickly realized that most of the people there were several years older than me. I felt out of place. They had a bar setup in the kitchen and I made myself a stiff drink. I have always been kind of shy and needed the buzz to help me out until my friend showed up. I mingled through the crowd for a bit when I saw her. 

She walked into the party and immediately stole everyone's attention. She had long brown hair with pretty blue eyes and a figure straight out of Victoria Secrets. She was wearing this cute little jacket and mini skirt made of satin. The jacket was open in front and came just below her boobs. Her mini skirt rode on her hips exposing her tummy. The outfit was topped off by a pair of lace up high-heeled sandals tied in a bow just behind her ankles. She was terribly sexy and absolutely gorgeous. I can tell you this, not many women could have pulled off that outfit, but she did it effortlessly. 

I watched her from a distance as she worked the party. Every guy in the place tried his hand at striking up a conversation with her. I could only daydream what it would be like to have a girl like that. She looked like she had jumped out of a fashion magazine and was way out of my league. 

I fixed myself another drink and decided that if my friend didn't show up pretty soon and I was going to leave. I looked around for the hot babe, but she was nowhere to be found. I finished my drink and headed down the hallway to the bedroom where all the coats were stored. 

I walked inside the bedroom to find my coat and was surprised to find a couple going at it on the other bed. All I could see of the girl was her legs locked around the guys back. The guy had his pants down around his knees. 

I watched the muscles in his ass flex and release as he drove his cock into her. I don't know why, but I couldn't stop watching them. They were both moaning and obviously very close to getting off. My cock grew instantly inside my pants. They were so into it they had no idea I was there. 

The guy started thrusting really hard, moaned and I knew he was pumping his load into the girl. My cock twitched at the thought. Man I wanted to be him. I must have made a sound because the guy suddenly looked over his shoulder and saw me. He yanked his pants up and heads for the door in record time. I look back to see the girl he has been fucking is the hot babe from earlier. 

I couldn't help but stare at her. She was lying on her back; her legs spread wide open, clothed only in her cute little jacket with her breasts exposed underneath. Her pussy lips were swollen from excitement and I could see cum leaking out. 

"So did you get off on that?" she said in a sexy low voice. She didn't seem mad at all and made no effort to cover up. I started to stammer out an apology, but I really didn't know what to say. 

I cleared my throat stalling for time when she beckoned me to join her across the room with her finger. I stepped over to the bed where she reached out cupping the bulge in my jeans. She glanced up and gave me a mischievous grin. With her hand still on my cock she said, "You interrupted the best part... I guess you will have to finish up for him."

I didn't have the slightest clue what she was talking about. She reached for my hand and pulled me down on the bed with her. I positioned myself to kiss her, but she put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me down lower. I didn't know what she was doing, but just went with it. I became concerned when she pushed me right past her breasts as there was only one place left. She spread her legs even wider and I fell between them. 

"This is the part I like the best...it always gets me off" she said looking down at me. I was trying to process her words when I felt her hands grab my head and push it into her sopping wet pussy. 

Suddenly I could feel the other guy's cum leaking out onto my lips and chin. I heard her take a sharp breath, "Yes...God I love this ..." I glanced up to see her holding her legs up watching my every move. Her eyes said it all. 

I don't know what came over me; I certainly had never been in that position before. I stuck out my tongue as far as it would go and drove it into her cum-filled pussy. 

"Yes, that's it...that's it... god yes...do it...do it now" she hissed. I wiggled my tongue inside her and she threw her head back and moaned. I could feel her pussy lips contract and realized she had just experienced an orgasm! 

"Suck it...suck it" she called to me. I just planted my lips on her pussy and sucked. I started sucking and licking her pussy as if my life depended on it. "Yes, yes, yes...that's it" she called to me. "Again, AGAIN." I drove my tongue back into her and got a huge wad of cum. I sucked it into my mouth and swallowed. "Ahhhhhhhhh" she hissed. I glanced up and her eyes were staring a hole in me. "Keep going" it was a plea, "every last drop...please...let me see."

I tilted my head so she could get a better view of me sucking that warm cum from her. There was so much of it I began to wonder if maybe there had been more guys in that bedroom before I got there. 

I had never tasted sperm before, never even thought about it, but it wasn't bad. Maybe it was her or maybe it was just that it was so freaking kinky, I'm not sure, but doing it was bringing her to one little orgasm after another and that was turning me on. 

She pulled me up to her and gave me the most passionate kiss. Our tongues played and teased together. This was easily the wildest woman I had ever met. "That was wonderful" she said with that mischievous little grin. I fell in love with her right then and there. 

"Do you see my panties?" she asked looking around the bed. I saw them over on the floor next to her skirt. I picked up the little satin thong trimmed in lace and handed them to her. "Thanks" she said slipping them on. Then I handed her the skirt and watched as she stepped into it, pulled it up and snapped it around her hips. Then she pushed her breasts back into her top and straightened her little satin jacket.

"Let's blow this place" she said. I couldn't believe my ears. "Sure" I managed to eke out. 

She grabbed my hand and pulled me behind her as we made our way through the party. I caught the other guys looking at me as we left and knew I was the luckiest man alive. She walked over to a black Mercedes and said, "Get in." 

"I'm Gina" she said as she weaved through traffic. I looked over at her still not believing that I was actually with this woman. Her satin panties were staring up at me as her skirt was too short to hide them. 

"Paul." 

"I like nasty boys like you, Paul. ..." she said smiling at me. Of course nothing could be further from the truth, but I wasn't about to let her know that. She raised her finger to my face and scooped up some remaining cum that apparently had been missed before. She took her finger and ran it across her lips as if she were applying lipstick. I just kind of laughed. I can't believe I walked out of that party with cum on my face! 

"Did you know anybody there?" she asked glancing over at me. 

"No, not really. I was waiting for my friend to show up."

"Yeah, me neither." We drove in silence for a minute or two. My head was spinning. I couldn't believe I was out with the most gorgeous woman I had ever seen. At one point she looked down at the large bulge in my pants. She showed me that mischievous grin of hers and said, "We will take care of that later..."

She pulled into the driveway of a club and hopped out throwing her keys to the valet. "Not too far. We might not stay." The valet was sporting this shit-eating grin. I'm sure it was from watching her get out of the car. She grabbed my hand and led me into the club. We found a table where she ordered shots. I checked the place out and it was definitely happening. There was plenty of loud music and people dancing. 

Our shots arrived and she made a toast, "Here's to adventure." We threw them down and she dragged me to the dance floor. Now I am not the greatest dancer, but I did my best. She, on the other hand, had all the right moves and every guy in the place was watching her. 

When the song was over we went back to our table and ordered more shots. I felt her hand underneath the table checking out my crotch. Of course I was still hard. She gave it a good squeeze saying, "Not yet...nasty boy." 

Then I saw her looking at something and followed her eyes to a nearby table. "What do you think about him?" she asked. I looked at the guy and wondered what she was asking. Was she asking about the way he was dressed or the way he looked? I had no idea. I just kind of mumbled, "Not bad" hoping it would pass for an answer. 

She looked back at me with that grin of hers, "Good. I'll be back in a minute." Before I knew it, she was talking to the guy and they quickly disappeared. She re-appeared a few minutes later and sat back down at our table. She didn't say a word. She waited a moment or two, then leaned towards me and kissed me. I felt her tongue probing my mouth and I opened up. Instantly my mouth was filled with cum! We kissed for a minute or two where she managed to make me swallow most of it. 

Once we broke our kiss, I happened to look across the club to see the guy staring back at me, smiling. He knew that I had just swallowed his cum. "His name is Ken... if you are interested" she said smiling. "And he has a lovely cock." She looked back over at Ken and winked as if to say 'I told you so'. Ken smiled back nodding his head as if saying, 'you were right.'

We danced one more song and then left the club. The taste of Ken's cum dominated my mouth. I couldn't believe she did that to me. But then again, she did a lot of things I couldn't believe. I asked Gina where we were headed and she said to see some friends. 

We went to a nice apartment building and rode the elevator to one of the top floors. Gina knocked on the door and a guy answered. "Hi babe" he said. "Who's the kid?" She gave him a quick kiss and walked right past him saying over her shoulder, "He's going to party with us tonight." He checked me out and said, "Come on in." 

I followed him into the den and saw Gina standing behind the bar fixing drinks. There were two other guys besides the one that opened the door sitting on one of two couches in the room. "Hi boys" Gina called out as she handed me a drink. "This is Paul. He's going to party with us tonight. That's Rob" she said pointing to the guy that opened the door, "and that's Tom and Bill. Make yourself at home." I took my drink and downed half of it right away. She mixed it very strong and I was glad that she did. 

Gina took her drink and walked over to sit with Rob on the other couch. They started kissing and it appeared they were boyfriend and girlfriend, which I found rather disappointing. I know it sounds crazy, but I was hoping that I had a shot with her. 

I took my drink and sat on the couch between Tom and Bill, which was the only place left to sit. I couldn't help but wonder what Rob thought about me as I watched them kiss. Could he taste the sperm in her mouth? I certainly could. Would he think it was mine? Rob was several years older then me and looked to be in really good shape. I certainly didn't want to have any problems with him. 

Gina asked Bill if he had any pot. He nodded yes and pulled out a joint. Now I did my fair share of drinking, but had only smoked pot once or twice before. When I did, it really kicked my ass. That's why I stayed with drinking. But I was in no position to rock the boat and took a hit from the joint when Bill passed it to me. Then I passed it on to Tom.

I sipped my drink and let the smoke out feeling its effects almost immediately. That hit made me realize how uptight I had become since walking through the door. But now I was starting to loosen up and that felt good. I had no idea what to say to these people. I didn't want to say the wrong thing so I decided to just be quiet. These were Gina's friends so she could make the conversation. 

We finished the joint and Gina walked over to the bar to freshen her drink and I took that opportunity to do the same. She looked at me with that grin of hers and said, "I'm horny. Are you horny?" I lost my erection the minute we walked in the door, but she didn't need to know that. 

"Always" I said hoping to sound cool. 

"Good. Let's own these guys. Follow my lead." 

That was not what I expected to hear!

She walked to the middle of the room between the two couches and announced, "Let's get this party started! Paul, the stereo is over there. Turn on some dance music." I walked over and turned on the same radio station we had listened to in the car. "Yeah, that's more like it" she said starting to roll her hips back and forth. 

I made my way back to the couch and took my seat. Gina had no problem dancing before us. She rolled her hips in the most sensuous way while bringing her hands up to clutch her boobs. Then she bent over and looked at Rob through her legs giving him a perfect view of her ass. She gave him a smile and then continued to dance for everyone. 

I glanced at Tom and Bill who were both watching Gina. She danced her way in front of us and squeezed her boobs together. Bill moved his hand down to his crotch to re-position himself. Gina caught his little move and smiled knowing she was making him horny. She worked her way in front of Tom and ran her tongue across her lips. Then she glanced down to see a rather large bulge in his pants and ran her hand across it. Tom smiled. I glanced at Rob and he was smiling too. What the hell, I thought. 

"You boys seem a little restricted...if you know what I mean" she said with that grin of hers. "We're all friends here...go ahead, whip them out." With that she removed her little jacket and threw it across the room followed by her top and bra. 

Once again I was staring at her lovely breasts with my cock throbbing with a mind of its own. Bill and Tom reached for their zippers and pulled them down. I tried not to act surprised, but I was. They both pulled their hard cocks out and started playing with them right there in front of everybody!

"That's more like it!" Gina said. Then she looked at me and asked, "What are you waiting for?" I just gave her this dumb look before pulling mine out as well. She looked at my throbbing erection and said, "Not yet...but soon." Then she glanced at Bill and Tom saying, "Better yet...I think we should all get naked. What do you say, boys?"

Bill and Tom immediately started undoing their pants and I followed right behind them. She danced her way over to Rob who had already stripped out of his pants. She pulled off her little mini skirt leaving nothing but that cute little thong. 

I glanced at Rob to see his reaction and saw his cock for the first time. It was huge! Easily the biggest cock I had ever seen, it had to be thick as my wrist and at least nine inches long. 

Tom spread his legs wider to give himself more room to stroke his meat and ended up brushing his leg up against mine. That sent a shockwave through me as I had never made physical contact with a naked guy before, much less one who was playing with his cock. He didn't even seem to notice. 

The room filled with the sounds of sex as we watched Gina dance. She was in heaven being the center of attention, watching us play with our cocks. She looked at Bill and said, "Do you have a cuff for Paul? He's new and I don't want him climaxing too soon." He glanced at me and said, "Sure." 

He got up and walked out of the room returning with a leather cuff in his hand. I couldn't help watching his hard cock swing between his legs as he approached the couch. He stopped in front of me and dropped to his knees. "Scoot forward" he said. I scooted forward on the couch and he reached out and took my balls in his hand. I tried my best to act cool, but it wasn't that easy with a guy fondling my jewels. He gently squeezed them together and then wrapped the cuff around them. Once secured, he twisted my balls one way and then the other checking the fit. Apparently satisfied, he took his seat next to me on the couch. 

I wasn't sure of what to do at that point. I glanced at Bill, then Tom. Both had returned to stroking their cock. So I started stroking mine again too. It was totally different having the cuff around my balls. I'm not sure what it was supposed to do, but what it did was accentuate every little feeling I experienced. 

Gina pulled her thong off and made her way over to Rob and started dancing in front of him as she faced us. She spread her legs giving him access to her pussy and he wasted no time slipping a finger into her. Her eyes were half closed and filled with lust as he worked his finger inside her.

She wiggled her finger at me beckoning me to her. I stood up and walked over to where she was dancing. She reached down and felt the leather cuff around my balls. "Nice! Drop to your knees...right... between... my... legs." 

She put her hands on my shoulders and gently pushed me down on my knees. Once I was on my knees, I could see right through her legs at Rob who was sitting right there on the couch. His cock was hard as a rock and lying against his thigh. And he was staring right at me. 

"Do you see that beautiful cock?" Gina asked looking at me. I shook my head yes. "I want you to grab it and guide it into me." Just then a huge smile crossed Rob's face and that huge cock of his pulsed on his thigh. "Understand?" I shook my head yes again. 

"Good. Now take it in your hand..." I looked at Rob and he spread his legs invitingly. I reached through her legs and wrapped my fingers around Rob's huge horse cock. I could feel my face grow flush as I tried to close my fingers around his thick slab of beef. I just couldn't believe its size! 

"Now hold it up..." she said. I positioned his cock so that it was pointing straight up. Even though my hand was around the base there was still more then half of it coming out the other end. "That's it" she said and began lowering herself down on it. 

I watched as his thick cock split her pussy lips apart and disappeared inside her. She sank straight down until she hit my hand. She bent down and kissed me as she began to wiggle on his massive cock. 

A minute later she broke the kiss and said, "That's good babe. You can let go of it now." It was then that I realized I still had my hand wrapped around Rob's cock and released it. She smiled at me and descended the rest of the way taking his entire length inside her. Rob grabbed her knees and pulled them back so that she was completely suspended on that monster cock, which made it look like she had sprouted a pair of balls because that was all you could see. 

"Lick us while we fuck" she whispered looking down at me. It was a crazy idea, but I was so horny it didn't matter. I leaned in between their legs. The smell of their arousal was driving me crazy. About the only thing exposed were her clit and his balls, so I stuck out my tongue and ran it across her clit causing her to moan. 

Moments later I felt her hand on my head urging me down. So I moved down to his balls and licked them causing him to moan. I glanced up to find her watching me. "Yeah, that's it" she said. I could hear faint moans from across the room and realized everyone was watching me. 

At one point she moved up and his cock slipped out. He grabbed it and pointed it directly at me. His intention was clear. I glanced up to find her staring at me nodding yes. 
