 Chapter 1. Talking Kim into letting me post her photos online

Why do I want to watch other men fucking my hot wife? I suppose the answer is a bit complicated. As an only child, I grew up with plenty of privacy in which to masturbate, so I did, frequently, from the first moment I discovered "coming" that day in the bathtub somewhere around age 10 or so. From then on I jerked off whenever I could, especially after the second most formative discovery of my youth... pornography. The day I first managed to enhance my jerking off with pornography I was hooked on the combination. I love both... jerking off and reading and viewing pornography while doing it. Fortunately for me, my current wife shares my appreciation of "adult videos." So my desire to turn her into my very own personal porn star seemed like a natural extension of the kind of pleasure one could obtain from yet another move up (or down, depending upon one's perspective) the path to greater sexual excitement. So I began my campaign to turn my hot wife into a TRUE hot wife... a wife who would really suck and fuck other cocks for me, not just fantasize with me about it.

My crusade began simply enough with the purchase of a thin, gold anklet. When I gave it to Kimmy I told her it was to advertise to others that she was a wife who let men other than her husband fuck her. She said she'd never heard that before, telling me she thought it was my vivid imagination running wild again. 

"But you'll wear it for me anyway, right, my love?" I grinned.

She paused for a moment, looking at the anklet, and then said, "If what you say is true would you really still want me to wear this?"

"Yes. I would," I said.

"But you'd never REALLY want me to be a slut wife... would you?" she asked.

"Actually, I really would," I replied, my cock throbbing, balls tingling.

Again she paused before saying anything. Then she took the anklet, leaned down, and put it on. "I don't really believe this is anything other than just a piece of jewelry, but if it makes you happy to think it's advertising that I'm a slut wife I'll wear it for you," she said.

"Thank you, baby. I'm going to love other men seeing it on you, knowing what it symbolizes," I said.

"In your dreams," she laughed.

"But if it is true... what others are saying about women who wear anklets... you'd still wear it for me, right?"

She stared at me for a moment, then said, "Yes, I suppose I would if it would excite you. As long as you don't expect me to let other guys fuck me just because I'm wearing this thing."

"But would you at least think about that, baby? Think about how exciting it would be to let other men fuck you, knowing it would excite me as well?"

"Why, Rob? Why would you want your wife to fuck other men? Don't you love me?" she asked.

"Of course I love you. You know that. And you also know how proud I am of you, and of your body. I saw the photos your ex took of you, posing for him in that hot lingerie, masturbating for him in those old Polaroids... sucking his cock like you suck mine. And now that we're in the 'Digital Age' I want to take photos of you like that, too. I think it's only fair you pose for me like you did for him, don't you? You tell me you love me more than you did him, so if you did it for him won't you do it for me as well?" I pleaded.

"What would you do with them, Rob? I know the kind of sites you visit online. All those wife sharing sites. I hope you don't think I'd ever let you post some of me on those sites... do you?"

"Let me just take the photos first, and then we'll figure out what to do with them," I said, leading her toward our bedroom.

"You can't show them to anyone, like my asshole ex-husband did," she said, walking with me.

"He did?" I asked, grinning.

"Yes! I found them in his fucking briefcase after he told me he got rid of them," Kim said. "So I know he showed them to some of his buddies, the lying bastard."

"How did it make you feel after you found out what he did?"

"I was PISSED! And I felt betrayed, because he had lied to me," Kim said.

"But wasn't it also just a little bit exciting to you... knowing friends of yours had seen your naked tits, your pussy... seeing photos of you masturbating for the camera? Didn't that at least excite you a little?" I asked.

She thought about my question for a moment, then said, "Well... I guess there were a few times when we'd be around one of Joe's friends who thinking back on it I suppose from the way he grinned at me he probably HAD seen those photos of me, and yeah, in retrospect I guess I did feel a little aroused over it. I mean, after all I DID pose for them, and it was exciting. But I didn't expect anyone other than my husband to actually SEE the photos. And a couple of our male friends DID say things to me that later made me suspect they had seen the photos. And from the way they looked at me and from what they were saying it was pretty clear they wanted to fuck me. Sometimes I'd be dancing with one of them and the guy would press into me and say something like, 'you know, Kim, I bet you're VERY photogenic,' or the guy would ask me if I'd ever done any 'lingerie modeling' or something like that, and I would feel the guy's cock getting hard."

"Didn't that excite you? To suspect the guy had seen sexy, naked photos of you and to feel his cock getting hard in your crotch?" I asked.

"Well their cocks getting hard and pressing against me sure as fuck was exciting. I admit that. And of course I didn't know about it then... that Joe had maybe shared the photos with these men. Later, AFTER I'd found the photos in his briefcase when something like that happened, when one of these guys would be dancing with me and get a little hard and say something like that to me about me modeling or something, then yeah, frankly it did excite me a little. I mean, dancing with a friend of ours who I was pretty sure had seen my naked photos, and not just NAKED photos... as you've seen, these were Polaroids of me with my fucking hand in my panties playing with my pussy. So yeah, having one of our friends saying things to me like that did make me feel pretty sure he'd seen the photos... and I guess it did excite me, especially when the guy would push his erection into my crotch while we danced. And a few times I must admit I pushed back, too. But I thought I loved my husband back then, so I didn't do anything to further encourage any of these guys."

"What if Joe had WANTED you to fuck some of his buddies? Would you have done it?"

"I don't know. That never happened, so I can't say," Kim said. "Why are you asking me all these questions anyway, baby?"

"Well... you told me you had a few threesomes back when you were between marriages, and that you enjoyed them, right? And you did suck that guy off in that swing club that night, right? So why won't you at least think about doing some stuff like that with me now?"

"I was young and wild in those days, and horny all the time. I'd just gotten out of a bad marriage and I guess I wanted to make up for lost time or something. So I fucked and sucked a lot of cocks in those days," Kim admitted. I knew she had, because she knew it turned me on to hear about it while we were having sex.

"So why not do it again now, baby? With me and other men?" I asked.

"I'm a lot older now, Rob. And my body isn't as good as it was back then."

"Okay, look. Let's do this. Let me take a series of pictures of you like your ex did, and I'll post them of just your body, okay? We won't be showing your face, or anything that could identify you or me... and let's see what other men say about you. Deal?"

"I KNEW you were going to want to post photos of me online if I let you take them," she smirked.

"So? Why not? It will just be your body, not your face," I said, getting out my camera. "So let's try it, baby. Come on. Okay? Get undressed, but leave your bikini panties on for the first ones."

"I get editorial rights, Rob. Promise you won't post any of me that I don't want you to post," she said, slipping out of her blouse and bra.

"I promise," I said. 

We spent the next hour or so with Kim wearing sexy lingerie and/or naked as I snapped the shutter. I even convinced her to spread her legs and hold her pussy open for me, and when I saw how wet she was I even talked her into masturbating for the camera. She even let me come on her tits and lips while she came herself, and I loved every second of all of it. Clearly so did the camera when I saw how hot she looked after processing the photos.

Chapter 2. Going online with Kim's photos

I spent the evening cropping and editing out anything in the photos that could identify us, and then when I was ready to post them called her over to my computer to show her.

"As promised, honey. No face shots. Just your body," I said, showing her the pics.

"Jesus, Rob. Some of those are GROSS! Look how wet my cunt is in that one," she said, pointing out one of the closeups of her wet pussy.

"I know. Hot, isn't it!" I grinned.

"And THAT one, where you're coming on my lips. I thought you said no faces, Rob," she scowled.

"I said no face shots that could IDENTIFY you, babe. You can't tell anything from that shot," I said.

"Well you can sure tell I'm a cum-eating slut!" Kim said, staring at the photo. In it a couple gobs of cum were splattered on her lips and tits, with a strand of cum hanging down from her chin.

"That's the point, right? To show guys what a hot wife you are?" I said.

"I guess," she said softly. "What are you going to do with these?"

"Post them in a few different sites so you can see what others think of you," I said, telling her where I was going to submit them.

"Then what, Rob? We're NOT going to meet any of these guys for real."

"I know. Well... at least I don't think we will," I said, opening one of the "wife sharing" sites. Then as Kim watched I began upload her photos to the site.

When I finished, I opened some of the folders with Kim's photos in them. "Look, baby," I said, showing her how the photos looked on the web site. "Pretty fucking hot, huh?" 

"I guess," she shyly admitted. "Can we go to bed now?"

"Absolutely," I said.

In bed, naked, I began kissing her, then fondling her breasts... then her pussy... her soaking wet pussy.

"This turns you on, too, doesn't it, baby," I said, sliding a finger inside her.

"Kind of," she moaned.

"Isn't it exciting to know other men are going to see your naked tits, and your beautiful, hairy, spread open, wet pussy?"

"I guess," she moaned, wrapping her arms around my neck.

"You do realize guys are going to be jerking off while looking at you, right? Guys with big dicks, stoking them, pretending they're fucking you, Kim."

"Do you really think so?" she asked, sliding her hand down to grasp my hard cock.

"Hell yes they will. Especially seeing you wearing your 'slut wife' anklet, advertising that you let other men fuck you."

"Jesus!" she gasped.

"And think how hot it's going to make you feel the first time you DO let another guy fuck you while I'm watching, baby. And the first time you suck another man's cock, and let him come in your mouth in front of me. Knowing I WANT you to do it. Knowing how much I am going to want to do THIS afterward," I said, sliding down to her pussy. She was as hot as I was now, and I didn't have to ask her to spread her hairy lips open for me. 

"Would you really want to do that, baby? To suck some guy's cum out of my pussy?" she asked, breathing heavily.

"Yes, Kim," I said, looking up at her from between her spread thighs. "That's EXACTLY what I'd love to do."

"Oh God!" she moaned, wiping her cunt against my face. Then... "Can you taste it, baby? Can you taste that guy's cum in your nasty slut wife's pussy?"

"Um hmmm!" I moaned, my tongue buried inside her, cunt juices coating my face.

"What if there was more than one guy, baby? What if I let a bunch of guys fuck me? Would you still eat me then, Rob?"

"YES!" I growled licking and sucking her harder.

"Oh God, baby, fuck me! FUCK ME RIGHT NOW!"

I climbed up on top of her then, and said, "I just want to watch, Kim. But tell this other guy to fuck you. His name is Mike," I said, role playing with her.

"Yes! God yes, Mike. DO IT! FUCK ME WHILE MY HUSBAND WATCHES IT," she cried out. And so I did it.

I slide my hard cock inside her as easily as a hot knife through soft butter, and as I fucked her I continued the role playing.

"God, baby, he's fucking you REAL GOOD, isn't he!" I said.

"Yeah! Do you like watching it, baby. DO YOU LIKE WATCHING ANOTHER MAN FUCKING YOUR WIFE?"

"Yessss!" I hissed.

"Tell him to come in me so you can eat it out of my fucking cunt, Rob!" Kim screamed, pumping her pussy up into me now, raising her legs high in the air so I could fuck her deeper.

"YES! COME IN HER FOR ME, MIKE! COME IN MY FUCKING SLUT WIFE'S PUSSY!" I screamed, unloading spurt after spurt inside Kim then.

"Oh GOD, baby. HE'S COMING IN MY PUSSY. HE'S NOT WEARING A RUBBER AND HE'S COMING IN MEEEEE!" she gasped, coming herself then.

Afterward we lay still for a moment. Then I said, "Tell me to do it, Kim. Tell me to eat his cum out of you."

"Really, baby?" she asked, her eyes shining.

"Yes. Do it," I said, withdrawing my cock from her sloppy cunt.

She paused for a moment, staring at me, judging how serious I was. Then she said, "I did what you wanted, baby. I let a guy fuck me, and he came in my pussy without wearing anything. Don't you want to see the creampie he made for you there?"

"Yes!" I hissed, crawling down between my wife's perfect thighs again.

"Look, baby," Kim said, holding her pussy open for me. "See it? See his cum drooling out of my cunt? Eat it, baby. Suck it out of me. Do it, Rob. Suck my fucking whore cunt and eat this fucker's cum out of me!" And so I did it.

I moved up between Kim's thighs, licking my way to her pussy, listening to her soft moans.

"He came in you a lot, baby," I teased.

"It's what you wanted, isn't it, Rob? To have a guy fill me with his cum for you to eat out of my cunt?"

"YES!" I moaned, breathing deeply, my cock still semi-erect.

"Then DO IT, you fucker. Suck his cum out of my wet pussy!"

I buried my face in her sticky, hairy hole then, lapping my own cum from her, tasting it mingled with her pussy juices, and as I licked and sucked the gooey mess from her she began rubbing her clit. I had my hand around my cock then, too, jerking off as I ate my wife's "adulterous" cunt.

"Taste it, Rob? Taste his cum in my pussy. I did it, baby. I let a guy FUCK ME, just like you wanted. AND I LOVED IT!" she groaned, close to coming again. "Oh FUCK I loved being your slut wife for you!"

I stopped sucking then and looked up at her. The excitement in her eyes told me how much she was into this and how much she loved it, so I went for the close. "I want to do this for real, Kim. I want you to fuck another guy for me and come home with your pussy filled with his cum so I can do this to you," I said, burying my face in her pussy again. 

"Oh GODDDDD!" she wailed, coming again, her body jerking, jumping on the bed. "Yes! YES! I'll do it if it's what you really want!" And I came again then, too.

Chapter 3. Making our fantasies reality

I work from home, so the next day after Kim left for work I went online to see if she had any received any comments on her photos. Of course she had... several... most of them from guys telling us how hot she is and how badly they'd love to fuck her. That night I showed the comments to Kim, sitting behind her, Kim in my chair pressed up against me, my hands cupping her tits.

"See, baby. I told you they'd want to fuck you," I said, as we scrolled through the comments.

"Well what do you expect them to say... that I'm ugly? You know those are just throw away comments that don't really mean anything," she said, but I could feel her nipples hardening as I fondled her tits, just as she could feel my cock swelling behind her. 

After we viewed and read the comments I took her to bed and we repeated pretty much the same role playing we'd had the night before, only this time Kim started things.

"What if I told you I'd come home with my panties full of cum, baby? Would you suck them for me? Would you eat some guy's cum out of them and suck them before you ate me?"

"Sure," I said.

"Then let me go get them for you," Kim said, getting off the bed, going into the closet. Then she brought back the pair of bikini panties she'd worn all day.

"Smell them, Rob," she said, holding the panties under my nose. They were fragrant, ripe smelling, like a pair of panties that had held a hot, sweating cunt in them all day. "See where his cum drooled out of my pussy into them, baby?" she asked, holding the panties in front of my face. 

I could see there wasn't REALLY any cum in them, and knew Kim was merely role playing for me again, so I said, "I wish these really WERE full of cum, baby, but your juices do taste great," I said, licking the moist crotch of her panties, then taking them into my mouth, sucking them.

"Would you do that, Rob? Would you really want to lap up some guy's cum from my panties?"

"Yeah. I would, Kim. Really," I said.

She looked at me for a moment, then said, "Come in them, Rob. Do it," and held the crotch of her panties under my cock. 

I began jerking off then, and Kim began rubbing her pussy, staring at my cock, watching as it grew. "Yes, Rob. Do it. Come in my panties and we'll pretend it's from another cock." And finally I did it, moaning as I spurted several gobs of cum into the crotch of Kim's red bikini panties.

"Lie down, baby," she said. "Watch." Then she pulled on the panties, and with glazed eyes began rubbing the cum-filled crotch of the panties into her pussy. I continued stroking my cock as I watched her. Then she said, "Look, baby. I did what you wanted today. I let a guy fuck me and he came in my cunt and I let his cum drain out of me and into my panties for you." Then she carefully stripped off the panties and crawled onto the bed next to me, holding the panties over my face.

"Do you want them, baby? Want to lick and suck another man's cum from your slut wife's panties?" she gurgled, masturbating as she spoke.

"Yes! Give them to me!" I groaned, getting hard again.

"Here!" Kim gasped. And then she began wiping the cummy panties all over my face, smearing my lips and cheeks and chin with my own cum, both of us pretending it had come from another man.

"Taste it, Rob? Taste his cum mingled with my cunt juice?" Kim gasped.

"YES!" I hissed. 

Then she said, "Look, Rob. Look what a slut you married. I did this for him today, too. I sucked his cock, and his cum tasted delicious!" She stared at the panties for a few seconds, then seemed to tremble as she brought them to her mouth and began sucking them as she climbed on top of me and we fucked like crazy until we both came.

Afterward as we lay there, snuggling together, I said, "You realize we're going to do this, don't you, baby?"

"What? Me really let another guy fuck me?" she replied softly.

"Yeah," I said.

She didn't answer right away. Then she said, "Are you sure about this, Rob? You wouldn't be jealous?"

"Why would I be jealous of you doing what I ASKED you to do, baby?"

"Well... I think you might. And there'd be no turning back. But if you're sure..." she began. "Maybe I could find a guy to fuck me. There's this young kid in the copy room at work. He's painfully shy, but he's kind of cute and I'm guessing he's still a virgin. Hell, he may even be gay for all I know, but he seems to sneak peeks at my tits whenever I go down there to have some printing done. I'm sure I could seduce him if you're really serious about this."

"Do it, Kim," I said, eagerly. "Tomorrow. Please, baby?" I coaxed. "I want this so badly!"
