 My wife Katy and I are in our late 20s and have been married for 3 years. Katy is a beautiful woman, standing about 5 '5. She is fit with gorgeous, perky, 34D cup breasts, wide hips, a big bubble butt; the kind of amazing ass you just want to strip naked and squeeze, and a well-trimmed, though not completely shaven, pussy. She also has long, dirty blonde hair and gorgeous, entrancing, pale blue eyes. It didn't take long after getting married to discover each other's kinky sides.

Almost a year into our marriage, while we were making love, while she was on her knees on the bed, leaning against the wall with me thrusting into her from behind I whispered into her ear that I had often fantasized about watching her get fucked by other men. She responded with a loud moan. 

The next morning as Katy and I were getting ready to take our morning shower she said to me "um, remember what you said last night, about wanting to share me with other men?" 

"Yeah," I said, hoping she was bringing it up because she liked the idea. 

She continued, looking me in the eyes "Well, I have to admit I actually really like the idea. Actually, ever since we got married I've fantasized about you sharing me with other guys, I just haven't known how to bring it up. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy our sex life and I love being slutty for you, but it really turns me on thinking about you sharing me with other men...and, well...forcing me to be a slut for them." 

"Forcing you?" I responded. I was really liking where this was going. 

"Well, that's the thing," Katy responded, but this time less sheepish and more seductive. "The thing that turns me on most about these fantasies is being made to submit. The idea of you forcing me to serve another man makes me so horny...well, that and you forcing me to serve a group of other men. It makes me so wet thinking about you forcing me to submit to a group of guys and letting them use my body like a slut." 

Wow! I knew my wife could be slutty, but apparently I had no idea how slutty, and I loved it. I responded to Katie with a cheeky smile "Really? Well that can be arranged sweetheart, and since you love being a slut so much, I want you to get down on your hands and knees and crawl to the shower where you will pleasure me like a slut." 

Katy got a big grin on her face, then said in a sultry tone "yes sir," biting her lip seductively as she slowly got down onto her hands and knees. She flirtatiously flicked the tip of my cock with her tongue, then took the head of my cock into her mouth and sucked on it for a few seconds before she turned around and began crawling to the bathroom, slowly, seductively waving her beautiful ass from side to side as she went. She was so wet from telling me her fantasies that I could already see the gleam of her nectar on her pussy as she crawled. Her birthday is in a few months and boy do I have a surprise in store for her.

The morning of Katy's birthday, before I left for work I left an outfit out in the living room for her with a note on the table. In the note I told her happy birthday and that I love her. I told her that I have a big birthday surprise for her, but that to get it I expect her to be a good, obedient slut. 

The note said that "there is an outfit in the living room for you and I expect you to be wearing it, and nothing else, when I get home from work."

I also told her that I wanted her to be wearing her dark red lipstick and to have her hair up in a half ponytail. The outfit was a tight, white belly shirt that clung to her body and cut off just about 2 and a half inches below her breasts, revealing a good amount of Katie's belly. It also revealed quite a bit of cleavage. I also set out her 5 inch fuck me heels and a pleated schoolgirl miniskirt that, with the heels on, barely reached an inch below her beautiful butt cheeks, revealing most of her legs. I also set out a sexy, tiny little G-string, a small, dangly belly button ring, and a black choker. 

When I got home from work my wife was sitting on the living room couch waiting for me, dressed exactly as ordered. I walked over to her and noticed that her perky nipples could be seen poking at the thin, though not quite sheer, fabric of her shirt. Taking her hands, I pulled her up to me. 

I told her "happy birthday my beautiful slut." 

As I said this I reached between Katy's legs and caressed her pussy through her G-string, feeling through her underwear that she was already wet with desire. 

I grinned and gave her a big kiss, then told her "I can't wait for the surprise I have for you my little slut, but you will have to wait until after dinner." 

I cooked up some dinner, and as you can imagine, we both ate very quickly. By now the sun had gone down and I took my wife to the car. 

I put a blindfold over Katy's eyes, to which she said "mm, I can't wait to see what you have in store for me tonight." 

After about 20 minutes I parked and took Katie's blindfold off and she saw that we were at a bar. 

My wife looked at me with a sultry look in her eyes and said in a seductive tone "I like where this is going." 

I reminded her that she was to be an obedient slut, and then we walked into the bar. It wasn't huge, but it wasn't small either. To the right there was a large bar, and to the left there were about 4 pool tables. The back had some tables and chairs and there was an exit door at the back wall. The place was full of people, and as we walked towards the bar I noticed quite a few checking out my scantily clad wife. I told her she could get herself a drink, and while she enjoyed her drink I went over to a group of four guys that I had noticed playing pool at the middle table. When I saw that my wife was done with her drink I motioned for her to come join us at the pool table. 

I told her that she was going to play a game of pool with one of the guys I had been talking to, named Rick, then I whispered in my wife's ear "if he wins, you will be his slut, to be used in any way he wants." 

My wife let out a surprised gasp, then looked at me with that sultry look again and kissed me on the cheek. 

I could tell that my wife was incredibly horny from the way she played. I knew she was holding back, and a number of times when she was placing a shot she would intentionally bend over and arch her back, causing her skirt to lift up and show anyone looking her perfect ass. Finally, the game ended when my wife accidentally (though I know it wasn't an accident) got the 8 ball in a hole. 

Rick walked over to my wife and, while reaching around her waist and squeezing her butt cheek with one hand, looked at her and told her "I win" in a flirtatious tone.

She then, in an equally flirtatious tone, told this man that she had only just met a little while ago "yep, I guess that means I'm your slave and you can do whatever you want with my body." 

Then, changing to a slightly more serious tone he responded "I plan to. You will call me sir, do you understand slut?" 

In a low, sultry voice my wife responded "mmm, yes sir." 

"That's a good slut," Rick replied. He then ordered her "follow me. I want you to pleasure me outside." And with that I watched as he led my beautiful wife to the back exit door.

I waited for a few minutes, then went to the back exit myself. I walked through the door to be presented with one of the sexiest sights I have ever beheld. There was my wife, leaning against an alley way wall, her back arched, her naked breasts hanging out of her shirt, and her panties pulled down to her thighs, being fucked from behind by a stranger while moaning like a whore. After a few minutes he pulled out of Katy's pussy and ordered her to get on her knees. I watched as he forced my wife to suck his cock until he came in her mouth. She sucked every last drop from his large cock. She then got up, pulled her G-string back up and put her breasts back in her shirt. As Rick led my wife back into the bar she gave me a big grin. 

When we were back in the bar Rick got everyone's attention with a loud voice. With my wife in one arm he pointed me out and said "this man's wife is mine for the night, but I'm not selfish, I want to share her with all of you." 

Katy was clearly shocked, but her shocked expression quickly turned to one of pure desire. 

He then ordered my wife "get up on the pool table. I want you to strip in front of everyone in the bar and show your husband what a slut you are." 

I watched as my wife obediently climbed up onto the pool table while Rick had the bar tender put on some music for her to strip to. Katy began gyrating her hips and caressing her hips and thighs. She began slowly moving up her body until she was squeezing and caressing her breasts through her shirt, all while staring into my eyes. As she gyrated to the music and moved her hands back down her body Katy slowly turned until I was looking at her barely covered ass. She arched her back and began slowly lifting her skirt while caressing her beautiful bottom. She squeezed and caressed her perfect butt cheeks as she gyrated. Katy then let her skirt fall back down over her butt as she slowly worked her hands back up to her supple breasts, gyrating her hips as she turned back around. 

My wife then undid her half ponytail, letting her hair all the way down and dropped to her hands and knees, arching her back and flinging her gorgeous hair behind her head while locking eyes with me and giving me and the crowd I was standing with an amazing view of her cleavage. She then got up, and while still on her knees, peeled her shirt off of her now sweaty body, exposing her naked breasts to the now cheering crowd, and threw her shirt on the floor. Katy then stood up on her heels again and continued gyrating to the music, caressing and squeezing her now exposed breasts for everyone to see. 

My wife began slowly working her way back down to her hips, and after caressing her hips for a bit and teasing us, pulled her skirt down slightly only to pull it back up. After teasing us like this for a while, she slowly slid her skirt down her waist until it fell to her feet and she kicked it out of the way. She continued gyrating to the music and teasing us, caressing her nearly naked body and playing with her G-string. Finally, I watched as my wife, in front of the whole crowd, slid her G-string down her waste until it too fell to her feet, leaving her completely naked, other than her heels and choker, in front of an entire crowd of people she had never met. My wife dropped to her hands and knees again and stared into my eyes as she crawled over to her new master. She then gave him a big kiss, tongue and all. She turned around, giving him a perfect view of her bare ass and now gleaming wet pussy. Katy looked back at Rick and said seductively "This is all yours master." 

Rick replied "I know, and I plan to share your body with everyone here. I think you've earned an orgasm slut. I want you to pleasure yourself in front of all of us." 

"Mmm, yes sir," Katy responded as she slowly began massaging her pussy with her hand, spreading her wet pussy lips and teasing her clit as she let out a low moan. 

She continued like this for a while, slowly massaging her soaking wet cunt, sliding her fingers up and down between her beautiful pussy lips and slowly rubbing her clit while letting out light moans. Katy then put her hand on the ground, now on all fours, and flung her hair behind her head before quickly turning around so that she was now facing Rick with her legs spread like a whore. My wife licked her wetness from her fingers and stared into Rick's eyes, biting her lip as she began caressing her breast with her hand. She slowly caressed her body, working her way down to her sweet cunt. Katy leaned farther back onto her other elbow as she began massaging her pussy, this time more aggressively, moaning in front of the whole bar like a slut. My wife then plunged two of her fingers into her sopping wet pussy and began thrusting them into her body rhythmically as her moans grew louder. Her thrusts grew harder and harder until, finally, her body began to convulse in orgasm as she moaned loudly above the cheering crowd. She continued thrusting her fingers into her pussy, more slowly with each thrust, until she came down from her orgasm. My wife then sat up straight, her legs still spread, and looking me in the eyes as she slowly slid her fingers out of her cunt. She then looked back at Rick and stared him in the eyes as she slowly, seductively, sucked the wetness of her cunt from her fingers, letting out a sultry "mmm," when she finished.

Rick then ordered my wife to come back down from the pool table. When she had, he told her that one of his friends loved the show and wanted to have a turn with her. I watched as the man's friend, who was standing next to him, took my naked wife, spun her around, and forced her to bend over the pool table. He then thrust the whole length of his cock into Katy's pussy and began fucking her in front of everyone. As the man thrust in and out of my wife, he grabbed a handful of her hair, and as she let out a gasp he pulled her head back, forcing her to arch her back, and began fucking her roughly as she gasped and moaned. Finally he thrust the whole length of his cock into Katy's body and came, pouring his cum into her pussy. 

Then, grabbing her breasts, he pulled her up close to him and said "I want you to get up on to the pool table. You're going to lick my cock clean in front of this crowd slut." 

"Yes sir," my wife replied, and obediently climbed up onto the pool table with him. 

There, in front of everyone, my naked wife dropped to her knees and took the man's cock in her mouth, sucking and licking every bit of her wetness from his cock. 

Two other men got up onto the pool table as the other man jumped down. One of them walked up behind my wife and forced her onto her hands and knees. The other stood in front her and thrust his cock into her mouth. She began sucking his cock as the man behind her grabbed her hips and began fucking her pussy from behind. I was watching Katy being double teamed in public and loving every minute of it. For the next hour or so I watched as the men in the bar took turns with my beautiful wife. 

While I was enjoying watching the men have their way with my wife, I couldn't help but notice a sexy, curvy, brunette haired woman with her hair tied back in a messy bun walking towards Katy as the two men who had been fucking Katy finished pouring their cum into her. I had noticed her earlier, after the crowd of men began taking turns fucking my wife. She was in the back of the bar and I had seen a group of men strip her naked and take turns fucking her. I watched as she walked up to the pool table naked, except for her heels and fishnet stockings, with cum on her face and breasts, and cum dripping from her pussy and running down her inner thighs. 

As the men finished with my wife, this woman climbed onto the pool table. She walked around Katy, who was still on her hands and knees, and with a hand on her chin, lifted her head so that she got onto her knees and looked into this strange, alluring woman's eyes. She then asked my wife "your being a good slut, aren't you?"

"Yes ma'am," she replied. 

"Mmm, yes you are," the woman responded. "I want you to lick the men's cum off of my body like the slut you are."

The woman then knelt down in front of my wife and began caressing her ass and lower back as Katy licked the men's cum off of her face. She then grabbed Katy's hair and gave her a passionate kiss as she thrust 2 of her fingers into Katy's pussy, which was dripping cum. After passionately making out with my wife and finger fucking her for a few minutes she pulled her fingers out of her cunt and sucked them clean, giving a sensual "mmm." 

She then thrust her fingers back into my wife's pussy, and while forcefully thrusting her fingers in and out of her told her "you taste good slut. I want you to have a taste." 

The woman then slowly pulled her fingers out of my wife's cunt and thrust them, wet with a mixture of Katy's own juices and the cum of countless men, into her mouth and forced her to suck her fingers clean. The woman then laid down on her back as Katy got onto her hands and knees and began licking the cum off of her breasts. When she finished the woman grabbed her hair and forcefully kissed her, thrusting her tongue into her mouth.

The woman then told my wife "you're not done yet. I want you to suck the cum out of my pussy." 

Then, with Katy's hair still in her hand she flipped her onto her back. The woman got up, straddled my wife's face, and sat down, forcing Katy to suck her cunt clean. As Katy licked and sucked the cum from her pussy, the woman caressed Katy's breasts, squeezing them and pulling her nipples. The woman motioned for one of the men to join her, and one of them got up onto the table, spread my wife's legs, and thrust his cock into her cunt. She sucked every bit of cum from the woman's pussy, working her into an orgasm while the man between her legs fucked her until he came deep in her pussy. After Katy had licked the woman to orgasm the woman got up and climbed down from the pool table only to be bent over one of the other pool tables where some of the guys began taking turns with her. 

The man who had just finished fucking my wife got up and jumped down from the pool table. Katy's new master then called her down from the table, and my wife, his slut, obeyed, getting up and strutting to the end of the pool table with cum dripping out of her pussy and running down her legs. When she had climbed down he told her that he wanted to finish this at her place. Katy put her shirt, G-string, and mini skirt back on and left the bar with her master and about 10 of his friends. I decided to give them a head start, so I stayed at the bar for a little while longer and watched the guys that stayed continue having their way with the woman that had dominated my wife before I got in my car and headed home. 

When I got to the house they were already parked and inside. I walked into the house to hear loud moaning coming from the kitchen. I walked into the kitchen to see my wife bent over the table with her breasts hanging out of her shirt, her G-string on the floor, her skirt pushed up to her waste, and her hands tied behind her back while the group of men took turns fucking her from behind. I don't know how many of the men had had a turn with her before I got there, but after the man that I had walked in to see fucking my wife finished, he pulled out, and Katy's new master took his place. 

Rick plunged his cock into my wife's pussy and held her waist tight while he thrust in and out of her. Rick fucked Katy roughly, grabbing a handful of her hair and yanking her head back, forcing her to arch her back. Rick was fucking my wife so hard that the table shook with every thrust. He thrust his cock in and out of her cunt like a jackhammer as Katy gasped and moaned, her eyes closed and her mouth held open as the sensation of being fucked so hard seemed to overwhelm her. Finally Rick pulled out, then pulled a bottle of lube out of his pocked and rubbed some on his cock. He then pressed the tip of his cock into Katy's ass hole and she let out a low moan. I watched as my wife's new master then thrust the rest of his cock into my wife's ass as she let out a loud gasp. He began thrusting in and out of her, fucking my wife in the ass as she moaned like a whore.

"You like me taking your ass in front of your husband, don't you slut?" Rick asked my wife as he thrust in and out of her body. 

"Yes sir," she gasped between thrusts, barely able to respond because he was fucking her so hard.

Rick began fucking my wife even harder, so hard you probably could have heard him plowing into her from the other side of the house, as her eyes rolled back and her mouth gaped open, letting out a loud gasp every time he thrust his cock into her ass. Rick then grabbed Katy's breasts and lifted her upper body up so that she was now standing with her back arched. He gave her a few more really hard thrusts before Cumming in my wife's ass. After he finished he untied her hands and gave her a few seconds to catch her breath before telling her to take off her shirt and skirt. Katy obeyed her new master. 
