 She ran from her car to the covered porch of the house. It was raining, the hard rain that no one likes, and likes driving in even less. It started up after she was almost to the house, so she figured she might as well finish the trip. Besides, she hadn't seen Paul since she left the High School they both attended during her Sophomore year. She had just graduated the month before, and like most High School grads, she didn't have much going on that summer. She happened along his profile while browsing for new and interesting people to meet and hang out with. "Hang out with" usually ended up breaking down to having sex. Its not her fault though, I did the same thing, and who wouldn't. She isn't a stick figure; at the time, she wore a lot of 36DD bras that were cute, but a bit too small, which may have aided in them coming off so easily. Her lips are smooth and full, which makes covering her teeth while she puts pressure on your cock a natural talent, one shes very proud of. Above her lips, just past her perfectly cute nose, at the perfect point on her face, those amazing eyes. Beautifully green and gazing, almost through you, with the look of only wanting all the cum you have, while her head bobs up and down. Its a site to see.

She got to the front door and knocked. She hoped it was loud enough to be heard over the pounding rain and thunder. She wasn't very comfortable just standing on the porch in this neighborhood. The house was nice enough, but you could tell it was the house the Freshman College guys rented just to get out of mom and dads basement. The fact that she was wearing her blue dress didn't make her any more comfortable. Man, the blue dress. It fit snug to her curves, but not tight enough to look trashy. It was a light blue color with spaghetti straps that held the front to the back. While it wasn't terribly low cut, it showed just enough cleavage to leave her tits to the imagination. Her favorite part about about the blue dress? Cut just above the knee by about an inch, she didn't have to wear panties with it.

Now standing on the porch she realized that when the wind blew, her nipples were getting visible, even through the new Victoria's Secret bra she had on. Sure that he must not be home, she turned to leave.

"Hey babe," said a voice standing behind her at the door, "c'mon in."

She turned to see Paul standing in the doorway with an arm outstretched, welcoming her into the house.

" I didn't think you were going to be here."

"And miss out on seeing an old friend? Never," said Paul as he shut the door.

She noticed the wry smile on his face and instantly thought back to how nice he had been to her at school. He was quiet, but always friendly, and always good for a hug.

"Cant an old friend get a hug?" Paul said.

"Couldn't you always?" she replied.

And that easily, before she knew it, it was happening. When they hugged Paul cupped her ass in his hands and pulled her close. She shivered when his semi-hard cock pressed against her; it was all he needed.

"You're not wearing panties."

"Don't feel special, I never do with this dress," she replied.

Even as she was saying it, his hands were lifting her dress so that he could feel her ass in his bare hands. He traced the lines from her ass to her hips and pulled her closer, and again she shivered when she felt his semi-hard, tho definitely harder, cock press against her. They kissed, slow pecks at first, adjusting to each others kissing style. After only a moment, he not so gently bit her lip. She bit back, and that's when he slipped his tongue in. They went back an forth kissing faster, her breath getting shorter, her pulse faster. 

"Take off my pants," he said,in an authoritative tone.

Someone else taking control was her weakness. She had started undoing his button down fly before he finished uttering the phrase. She pulled his pants down to his ankles, his boxers came with them. She looked up and was actually a little disappointed with what she saw. Paul's cock was a little smaller than average, certainly not the biggest she had sucked off. However, if you gave her the choice between a hard, warm cock, or a plastic toy, the cock would win every time, even if it was a little small. She Swallowed the whole thing without a second thought.

His hands were behind her head, pulling his cock all the way inside her. She enjoyed the control, and the fact that she wasn't gagging every time. Her lips wrapped her teeth and she started applying pressure.

"Oh DAMN, who taught you that?" he said, not really wanting a reply. 

He kept pulling is cock in and out until he was fucking her mouth more than she was giving him head. All her spit and slobber was running down her chin. 

"Get up and pull out those titties for me."

"Okay," was all she could say.

She stood up and stepped back. Grabbing the bottom of her dress she pulled it up over her head. Tossing it to the side, she reached behind her back and undid her bra clasp in such a quick single motion that she had obviously been demanded to do it before, and had complied just as quickly.

"Your pussy looks wet," Paul said coarsely.

When he looked, he saw that it was glimmering from being soaked in her own juices. Her Labia were loose and hanging open, a sure sign that her pussy was ready for a good fuck. He pulled his shirt off over his head and stepped out of his pants piled at his feet. Grabbing her around waist and pulling her in, his cock almost slipped into her pussy because she was so wet. Her bigger than a 36DD bra tits pressed against him and he kissed her neck while again cupping her ass. 

She slipped a hand in-between them and grabbed his cock, almost too tight for his liking. She tugged a little and pulled him over to the couch where she laid down and spread her legs. She put one leg up on the back of the couch, the other hanging off the side almost touching the floor. Paul grabbed the leg hanging off the side and wrapped it in his arm. He used it to puller close and she held her breath when she felt his cock right there, right on the edge of stopping and going full force right into her pussy.

She felt his head hovering on her pussy lips.

"Why did you, " was all she stared to say.

"Ahhh, OHHH," she moaned, as he pushed into her hard. 

He was right, her pussy was wet, sopping wet in fact. it was the kind of wet that gives each thrust in a nice little smack to accentuate it. He was fucking her hard. Despite the size of his cock, he was using it well enough to suite her needs. She moaned more and let him know it.

"I knew I would be fucking you today," he said.

"I didn't know you would be so easy, but I knew I would be fucking you."

She couldn't even reply, she closed her eyes, and somewhere along the way she heard a voice say, "Harder," to which he promptly obliged. 

She hadn't even heard herself say it, but she was glad she had. She slowly opened her eyes to watch Paul fucking her pussy so hard, and instantly wished she hadn't.

It was in this moment of realization that she knew she hadn't been the one to say, "Harder." It was one of the other six guys standing naked in the room with their cocks out and in hand, waiting for a piece of the amazing pussy Paul was fucking so hard.

"YEAH! Make her big ass tits bounce man!" said one of them.

"Fuck that slut Paul!" shouted another.

"Don't cum in her, we don't want sloppy seconds!" said a third.

She started to come aware of what they were talking about doing and she instantly stopped being aroused. She tried to get out from under him but he pulled her closer by her hips and grabbed her legs.

"Watch me pile-drive this pussy," he said. With that he put both of her legs on his shoulders and slammed her so hard that she bounced in the air after he pulled back. He kept slamming her like this, and that easily, she was turned on again. My wife the Nympho. 

I don't know if it was the feeling of being taken control of, or the fact that she was in love with the idea of a room full of guys wanting nothing but to fuck her pussy, but she was right back in it. If they were going to watch she would give them a show.

"YEAH, c'mon Paul, fuck me harder....Harder.....HARDER PAUL, FUCKING FUCK ME!"

He pulled out as quick as he had slammed her that first time and before you knew it, he had his cock in her face and she was sucking all his cum while she wrapped her hands around his balls.

"I told you guys i could get her to fuck me," he said rather arrogantly.

She looked up at him from the couch and went to stand up.

"Wait, wait, wait," he said. "You aren't gonna leave all my boys hanging are you?"

She walked past him with a glance, and dropped to her knees in front of the guy with the biggest cock.

She grabbed his already hard shaft and wrapped her mouth around it with her special trick.

"Damn Paul, shes better at sucking cock than your ex!"

"I don't think so," he replied. "Shes good, but not that good."

When she heard that, it resolved her to prove him wrong.... after all, we live in a democracy. All five of the other guys standing there in Paul's living room voted against him. She took a large sense of pride in being the best cock sucker any of them had ever experienced. Three of them walked to the couch and sat down, while the other two stood behind her, watching. She crawled on all fours over to the edge of the couch, and they sat so that she had a cock in each hand, and one in her mouth.

As she was sucking and rubbing, she felt hands on her ass. That was the last thing she felt before her cheeks were opened and someones head brushed the inner skin of her ass on the way to her tight little hole. 

"Stick it in her ass!" she heard Paul say. Before she could get the cock in her mouth out to say no, she felt her ass stretch and envelope the whole head of his cock. and a second later he pushed, her muscles weren't relaxed, but they opened.

"Oh....Ohhh...OHHHHHH!!!" she half moaned half screamed as he forced his cock in. She pushed back against him and took his cock all the way down the shaft to his balls. "Unbelievable", the guy said, "she sucks the best...AND does anal, you have got to get her more often" All she could do was be content on her knees to have a cock in each hand, her head in a lap with a cock down her throat, and her ass full. As she fucked with her ass, pushing back and wiggling her hips she realized he didn't have a condom on. "Oh Shit," was her first thought, the next thought was how warm it was to have an ass full of fresh cum. She heard his moan as he pushed deep into her again and filled her tight ass. As he pulled out, she felt it dripping, running that short distance from her ass to her pussy and dripping to the floor from her already soaking wet skin.

Looking up at the guy she was sucking off, he motioned her to come up to his lap. 

"Gladly" she thought in her head, tho she wouldn't give them the satisfaction of saying it out loud. she went to sit her dripping cunt on his rock hard cock.

"I don't think so," he said. "I want that ass too."

Smiling she turned around, he spread out his legs and moved to the edge of the couch so she could sit her perfectly shaped, and now cum filled ass on his dick. This one was a little bigger, again not the biggest cock she had seen, but the biggest in her ass to this date for sure.

With the angle changed up it took her a second to get just right over him and then sit down. She tried to go slow, let her ass get used to the extra girth, but he wasn't having that, he wanted her ass. He grabbed her hips and simultaneously pulled her down, and thrust his dick up, She lost it. There was a slight burn from being stretched so far so quick, but after a second of sitting with his thick base right up to her little asshole, she started squirming, the squirming turned to slight gyrating, the gyrating turned to all out bouncing on this guys lap. 

She had been looking over her shoulder at him, and when she looked back forward, one of the guys she had her hands on came over. She grabbed his cock in her hand again (the one she wasn't using for balance) and started rubbing. He let her fondle it for a brief minute before position himself between her legs and picking them up off the floor. She was now completely out of control of what was happening (and about to happen)to her. With the added weight of not leaning down on her feet, she slipped even deeper backwards onto the cock in her ass. As she felt this new angle all of a sudden there was something she hadn't felt before. It was something inside, she wasn't familiar with it. Then from the outside she realized what it was.

"Holy shit I have both of you so tight," she said.

"And we are gonna fuck you so hard," said the guy in front.

She looked down and realized she was both sitting on the guys lap behind her with his cock all the way up her ass, and getting pounded by the guy in front of her at the same time. The feeling she wasn't familiar with was being stretched so tight inside that she could literally feel their cocks rubbing against each other through her inner walls. She had never felt something so full inside her. all she could do was moan.

"OHhhhhhh GOD DAMMIT....FUCK THAT'S SO GOOD!" She almost couldn't say the words completely because her voice was breaking up with each thrust from the front and back. She was like this for awhile, what seemed like forever, tho was probably only a few minutes before again her ass and pussy were full of cum. 

She was standing in the middle of all of them. She went to reach for her dress, thinking they were all done with her. 

"Where are you going?" said one of the guys, we haven't cum yet he said, pointing to the guy next to him.

Hadn't they, she thought? She honestly couldn't remember, but took them at their word that they hadn't cum yet. As she walked to them, the one who spoke up grabbed her hand softly.

"This way" he said, rounding a stairwell, she in tow behind him. 

The second guy walked behind her, watching all the cum running down her leg and still dripping from her ass and pussy. he waited at the bottom step until she had walked up a couple stairs. Then he grabbed her hips to stop them, and slid his index finger right inside her. Again she moaned and closed her eyes.

"Shit" she thought. Fingers were her weakness.

He started just one softly, rubbing her G spot, then two. He slid three in, not rubbing her spot any more, but pounding her pussy, the cum and her own wetness making a slapping sound. She was a little embarrassed about how good it felt to stand there on the steps, half bent over with a room full of guys watching her take nearly a whole hand up her pussy.

"Oh god stop it and take me wherever you're fucking me!" she finally managed to get out between moans.

They led her the rest of the way upstairs and closed the door behind them...

My wife has yet to tell me what happened behind those doors 10 years ago. I'm not sure if it was because it REALLY wasn't that memorable (as she says), or if its because she did something crazy she just cant bring herself to tell me. When I figure out what it is, there will be a part 2 to this story, I'm sure......