 It was a typical night for Nadia, except that she didn't usually drink as much. Her current boyfriend, Shannon liked to encourage her exploration of new things. He was in fact the one that introduced her to the joys of many sexual positions she never would have thought possible.

This was only her third semester on campus. College had really opened her up, more than even Shannon had expected. They had many conversations about the choices college had provided them and most recently were chatting about sexuality.

Nadia had been entertaining the idea that she was bi-sexual. She'd always been attracted to women as well as men, but she would ignore her desire. She would turn away guiltily after trailing up a girl's legs to admire the way her skirt moved about her rounded tail.

Shannon wanted desperately to explore this side of his girlfriend. Without he knowledge he had spoken to her former roommate about the possibility of a threesome. Alexis agreed, but only on the condition that Shannon wouldn't tell Nadia about their plan.


That evening Shannon fed his faithful girlfriend drinks, carefully glancing at Alexis with a wicked grin. The party was rocking and all was going according to his plan. When finally he felt she'd drunk enough he led both girls into his bedroom. They all three snuggled on the bed as they had a few times before. It was casual friendly behavior for them.

Alexis rested her head on Nadia's lap and Shannon cuddled them both from behind. Nadia was stroking the long chestnut hair of her beautiful ex-roommate. She has lusted after Alexis, it was true but she never did anything about it. She remained faithful to her boyfriend who was at that moment growing restless.

He began to stroke Nadia's nipples casually, feeling his way under her shirt. She kept giving him looks of admonition, praying that Alexis wouldn't notice and that he would stop before she did. Shannon had his other hand hidden under Alexis' shirt, rubbing small circles on her belly.

Nadia was getting more and more nervous and the warmth emanating from her loins was becoming embarrassing. She began to worry that Alexis might sense that she was becoming turned on by her boyfriend's erratic and unexplainable behavior. Much to her surprise, Alexis rolled over and removed her blouse.

Nadia was staring at two of the most beautiful breasts she'd ever gazed upon. They were rounded, full, and looked entirely too big for Alexis' skinny frame. The nipples were pale, blushing knobs on her friend's lavish breasts. Never had she wanted to touch anything so badly.

Alexis grinned at the obvious approval of her former roommate. Of course she had seen those glorious tits before, just never in such close proximity. Alexis looked to Shannon for a sign and he nodded slightly. She gently took Nadia's fingertips and grazed them over the slightly erect nipples. The sensation had an amazing effect on both girls.

Alexis immediately began to tear off her clothes in her hurry to be probed further by her new playmate. Nadia blushed deeply, looking away shyly. She certainly wasn't a prude, but this situation was beyond her comprehension. Shannon sidled over to her and helped her to remove her top. Alexis became momentarily jealous and pulled him away. She wrapped her naked arms about Nadia and delicately lifted the clasp holding back her own giant bosoms.

Alexis slid her mouth around a piece of Nadia's soft neck, suckling on the sweet skin while she skimmed the straps of the bra down the girl's arms. She pulled it off with slow, erotic timing until Nadia thought she might burst. Her hands grazed the hot nipples as she trailed the bra down her friend's belly. She moved her mouth slowly, kissing her way down the collar until she met the swell of breast she was aiming to please. She eased her tongue out and licked round to the nipple. She flicked it back and forth quickly over the nub, determined to arouse her friend to a fever pitch. She was succeeding nicely.

Shannon was content to watch his two favorite girls ravenously devour one another while grinding his own stiff member in his palm. At every moan or caught breath he would squeeze a little harder, the friction sending slight spasms up his shaft. He moaned softly, reminding the girls of his presence.

They felt selfish and rude for their unbridled passion, which left them with soaking vaginas and completely in the buff. They had completely forgotten the mastermind behind this salacious encounter. Immediately they made more room for him on the bed and he hopped up, now naked himself. His rubbing had increased his erect state, not to mention the two girls standing ready to pounce. He slid his fingers into both of them, his left hand rocking into Nadia, his right hand stimulating Alexis. Thank god for dexterity, he thought. The cacophony of passionate moans was driving him to the brink of orgasm.

"Harder." Yelled Alexis.

"Deeper." Groaned Nadia.

He did his best to keep up with their demands until his digits were really too tired to move. The girls simply laid him on his back with conspiratorial grins and while Nadia mounted his beautifully hard cock, Alexis straddled his face. He couldn't believe his luck.

His girlfriend started at a slow pace, working her hips into his pelvis slowly with a kind of confidence only lovers who know each other very well can have. Alexis lowered herself dutifully, patiently waiting for Shannon to make the first move. Both girls faced each other and started to rub the other's nipples with same ardor as before. Their lips found one another and they kissed, stifling their moans with the each other's tongues.

Shannon began his two pronged assault on them both. He parted the soft, pink lips above him with his tongue and began to nibble on the slight nub of clit. His hands gripped tightly into Nadia's waist and he pulled her down harder and faster, to which pace she readily adjusted. his thrusts were becoming rapid and she could feel him swelling with the orgasm that was surely mounting.

With the dripping slit above his face and the tight little cunt ramming his cock Shannon had all he could do from cumming right then and there. He tried to slow himself a little, easing his pace with Nadia, abating the swift darts of tongue to a minimal tempo with maximum pressure. Both girls sensed his desire was beginning to brim over and rather than relent they started to push him farther.

Nadia redoubled the quickened movements, impaling herself on his cock with such speed she thought she would break herself. Alexis began to sway her hips in rhythm to Nadia's groans of pleasure and dipped her down onto Shannon's face more fully with each stroke. She could feel his cries reverberating on the insides of her juicy nether mouth.

He grew suddenly very stiff and Nadia felt a rush of cum between her already sopping wet labia. He shuddered and Alexis slowly dismounted to watch the end of his orgasm spilling into her best friend. When he was finished completely Nadia rolled over and lay on her back. Shannon sat up and stared in amazement as Alexis worked her little head into the fissure between Nadia's ample thighs. She lapped up every last drop of the lovers' cream from the girl's exhausted sex. When she had quite her fill she lay down on the opposite side of Shannon and Nadia trundled over to them.

Both girls rested a tired head on his chest and he sighed in absolute contentment. He wondered if heaven were anything like this, two beautiful women wrapped around him naked and soaking to the bone. He sighed and slept well into the morning.