 Day 6 – France, Beaujolais Wine Region.

Weather – Hot... very hot.

 We arrived at this amazing chateau in one of France's wine regions yesterday afternoon. Pulling up the sweeping drive and seeing the amazing old building with the pool out front and the sprawling lawn I was instantly teleported back in time. 

I could imagine arriving in a horse-drawn carriage, the road way lined with large candles and various members of the social elite engaged in one high brow activity or another. Pulling myself back to reality as we all clambered off the bus there was a distinct buzz of excitement in the air. 

We selected rooms and met in the entrance area, I say area but cavern would do it more justice. It was a huge space, perfect for welcoming lords and ladies and for looking important. This group however was discussing the fact that the dungeon area down the stairs had been converted to a bar. Which if I'm being honest sounded like a brilliant modern day use for a dungeon. 

As a bit of a surprise a second coach of travellers arrived filling another wing of the chateau. This was on the up and up.

With dinner over, nothing to special, just something to line our stomachs to allow for copious amounts of drinking and various other forms of debauchery we descended like a war party into the bowels of the chateau. In the dungeon bar which did not disappoint, it was l'eau de vie, the water of life all round. Which is an incredibly potent by-product of the wine making process. Or Desperado's, a beer and Tequila pre-mix. In hindsight, drinking a beer and tequila pre-mix which was 21% then chasing it with doubles of l'eau de vie, an 82% spirit, things were not going to end well. 

21 shots and 9 Desperado's later life was not worth living. On the bright side I now have a little sign and photo on the wall stating my superiority over anyone else who had drunk in that dungeon before me. I found a quiet patch of grass and fell asleep... at 7.30.

The next day two bus loads of hungover 18-35's met by the pool, some drinking water from 1.5 litre bottles and others from a huge vessel of coffee. We had appropriated all the chairs so when a rather gorgeous specimen walked out I considered offering her my chair... or my lap. After her eyes and headache had dealt with the glare of the French sun I waved, smiled and patted my knee. 

She gave me a truly perfect smile and sauntered over, her long flowing skirt catching quite a few eyes, her round tight ass catching more, my eyes continued up her fit, curvy figure to her big green eyes. Maybe not love at first sight but there was a whole lot of lust.

She turned in front of me and lowered herself gracefully to my lap... it was then I realized my predicament. Her head slowly turned and peered at me over my shoulder, she squirmed a little and leant back against me and whispered, "Is that all for me?" 

I gulped and my face was instantly 5 degrees brighter than the sun. She smiled again, then squirmed a bit more, grinding herself backwards and forwards on me, watching my face. 

Getting myself under control and keeping my eyes locked to hers I lifted my hands to her shoulders and started massaging. Two could play this teasing game. However, she was definitely winning.

No one seemed to be taking any nice of us, both her grinding and my skilled hands were having an effect on her and her grinding had me on the edge of no return. I leant forward and whispered in her ear, "If you lift up slightly your dress will hide everything, I could slide inside you and no one would know." She stiffened. I could almost hear the cogs turning in here head. Then slowly she arched her back and lifted off me, quick as the Flash my hands were under her, teasing her clit and entrance. I shouldn't have worried, she was soaked and she wasn't wearing panties. I could hear her breathing change as my fingers pushed inside her.

"Hurry," she whispered. I was already pulling my track pants down slightly, I felt my cock as it was released from the confines of my pants, it sprang to attention. Holding it at the base I guided it to the wet entrance to her perfectly tight and inviting pussy. 

She moaned again, then quickly turned it into a cough. Then without warning she sank back to my lap, taking my full length inside her straight away. Alot of coughing followed, then more coughing, then alot of squirming as she got used to me impaling her. 

One of her girlfriends brought her a cup of water which she took and drank quickly, pretending to clear her throat. She leant back against me catching her breath. "Sorry, I didn't expect you to take it l at the same time," I whispered in her ear, my breath tickling across her skin. She smiled, squirming on my cock a little. 

"I didn't expect it to stretch me so much," she said with a delighted and rather hedonistic chuckle. 

My hands went back to their previous job, running over her shoulders and down her spine, touching points the made her squirm more. Every now and then, during moments of intense discussion or group laughter I'd thrust up a couple of times, but typically I'd just move slowly or she would squirm slightly. The constant thick penetrating presence of my cock was having an impressive effect, she was dripping, I had never seen or felt or woman get this wet before. If there wasn't constant talking people could have heard the squishing noises her pussy was making.

Whether it was the naughtiness of the situation or the desire not to be caught I was managing to hold off my finish. The perfect girl on my lap was not having as much luck. She had gone from cheekily being involved in the conversation to periodically having to jam her fist in her mouth as an orgasm rolled through her. Sometimes she'd push against her clit through her dress which was bunched around us, other times she would lean back and whisper in my ear. Usually it would be a variation of, "You're going to fuck all the juices out of me..." then her fist would be at her mouth trying to cover the noise and more juices would wash over my lap.

We both lost track of the conversation and were jolted out of our sexual bliss when people started to get up. One of her girlfriends came over and leant down beside my new friend, "Nadia," she whispered, "We are all going to visit a winery around the corner. You two should finish up somewhere." I paused my relentless mini-thrust. 

"You know... what... we... are doing?" she managed to pant out. Softly slapping my thigh so I kept going. 

"Nadia, your juices are running down your legs. If he isn't balls deep in you..." she leaned in a little closer and her hand shot out and disappeared into the folds of Nadia's dress. 

"I knew it," she moaned as her finger tips danced over the wet base of my cock. With a smile I thrust that part into Nadia who cried out softly. "That's it, get it all inside her. Don't stop until she begs you to. Then it's my turn," she said in a hoarse whisper. The hand pulled back and went to her mouth before it shot back under Nadia's dress. 

"Martha... what are you doing?" Nadia moaned as I quickened my pace. Martha leant in again and kissed Nadia's ear, "I'm rubbing your hard clit, I want you to squirt so hard you push this big cock out of your tight, juicy cunt," she said. Nadia leant back against me, moaning as Martha and I pushed her closer.

Luckily we were alone now because within minutes she was screaming as what looked to be the biggest orgasm she had even had smashed through her, then into me as I filled her tight little cunt with my own cum. 

"Let's help her upstairs, I want to eat that hot mess you just made in her sweet little pussy while you fuck me as hard as you can," Martha said with an evil glean in her eyes. Together we helped the beautiful Nadia to stand. She staggered a few step and stumbled. I whipped her into my arms and carried her up the stairs to my room and lay her on one side of the bed. Then Martha was on me.

We had each other naked in seconds and I pushed her on to the bed. Then we stripped Nadia who took me in her mouth as her friend spread her legs. I watched as Martha started to lap at her friends cummy pussy, my cock growing in Nadia's mouth. After a few minutes she pulled away, "It's Martha's turn," she whispered with a smile. I leant down and kissed her cheek. "Can it be your turn again later?" I asked. She smiled and softly slapped my thigh and nodded. I crawled around behind Martha, her as was pushed towards me and I wanted it. 

"Fuck this naughty little slut's ass," Nadia said. Martha paused and looked up at Nadia, who just pushed the head back into her pussy. 

"Her ass," she repeated. I ran my fingers over the wet pussy in front of me, coating them in the juices that were dripping from it, then pushed wet fingers into the perfect ass. 

There was a muffled moans from between Nadia's legs, then a more vocal one from Nadia herself. I continued to lube up Martha's ass, using the copious amounts of sweet pussy juice on offer until she was ready. I nodded at Nadia who smiled. 

I pushed the head of my rock hard cock against the tight, never been fucked ass of the beauty in front of me but only had eyes for Nadia who smiled and nodded at me. Sliding inside Nadia and I kept our eyes locked on each other and she willed me on. There was something very erotic about having sex with someone but only having eyes for someone else. As I quickened my pace Nadia lifted a hand to me and I took it, pulling her forwards so we could kiss as I fucked her best friend's ass, while that friend licked and sucked all of my cum from her pussy. 

Martha came but Nadia and I hardly noticed, she crawled away as I pulled Nadia under me and slid inside her ass. "This is what you wanted while I was inside Martha?" I asked. She nodded and wrapped her legs around me. 

"Fuck me... fuck me like you wanted to when we were outside, don't hold back, give me everything!" she panted. So I did, I fucked the most beautiful woman I had ever met, while in a French chateau, while her best friend watched, fingering herself with wild abandon beside us.

Hours later, showered, then re-showered after Nadia kindly interrupted the first one we crawled into my bed. "We leave tomorrow," she said, burying her face in my chest. 

I kissed the top of her head. "Nadia," I waited for her to look up, "Nadia," I said again. Her eyes met mine and I shuddered, those green eyes could drag me to hell and back. "This isn't the end of our story," I whispered.