 The ad in the swingers magazine intrigued me. "GET BLOWN BY OUR MODELS IN A XXX-VIDEO. AMATEUR MALES WANTED. HOT MIKE'S VIDEOS." Prospective blowees were directed to respond to a PO box, so I spent the money for a stamp and sent a copy of the ad along with a self-addressed stamped envelope.

Blowjobs with facial cum shots are my favorite porn scenes. Before Linda Lovelace immortalized her cocksucking talent in the early Seventies in Deep Throat the standard porn movie fare was silent 8mm shorts called "loops."

The typical loop was about 6 minutes long, usually in black-and-white, with an ultra-simple plot. The girl sucks the guy's cock for a bit then they fuck in the missionary, cowgirl and doggie positions (the order could vary) finishing with the cum shot. Sometimes the guy came on the girl's boobs, belly or butt. A good percentage of loops ended with a blowjob and a facial cum shot. Loops were the staples of the 25¢ a pop movie booths in the dirty book stores. Occasionally a loop would have a girl with two guys, or a guy with two girls. The ending didn't vary. The guy or guys spurt their jism and the loop ends a few seconds later.

The best of these loops ended with the girl furiously sucking the guy's cock and then pumping his sperm onto their face as his cock erupts. The girls in the loops were anonymous, since these little pornos didn't have any titles or credits. Some of the girls made numerous loops, especially those who didn't hesitate to take a load in the face. When the loop started and you recognized them you knew you the loop was going to end with a facial come shot.

Loops were still produced after Deep Throat, but they slowly faded as more full-length adult movies were produced and more X-rated theaters opened up. It's fair to say that most X-rated movies of the era before the VCR were a series of loops connected by a so-called plot. The best of them had at least two good oral cum shots within the half-dozen or so sex scenes in the movie. The actresses were no longer anonymous, and performers like Marilyn Chambers, Vanessa Hart, Kay Parker, and Gloria Leonard (to name a few) took many a cum shot on their lusty, glowing lips, chins and cheeks.

I had always fantasized about being filmed while getting sucked off and exploding in a chick's face, and wondered if I'd have the balls to get hard and perform in front of spectators and a camera. I hoped I'd get a response to my "application" to get blown and checked my storefront P.O. box every day for news.

About three weeks later an envelope from Hot Mike's Videos showed up in my box. I was accepted for the shoot. The instructions were simple. I had to get an AIDS test (it listed several clinics in the area) and mail a copy back to Hot Mike's. 

I got the AIDS test a few days later and passed it of course. A hard-looking, but very sexy blonde in a short sundress was also in the waiting room with me. She gave me a sly smile when our eyes met. The nurse who drew my blood gave me a knowing grin and asked me if I was going to have fun. Obviously they tested a lot of adult video performers I copied the test results and sent them off. I was now eager to see what lay in store.

Two weeks later I got another notice from Hot Mike's. This time I was directed show up at a studio location at noon on a Sunday two weeks hence with my AIDS test papers and ID. My anticipation heightened. I fabricated a pretext to my wife so I could get away for the video shoot. As the date approached I refrained from having any orgasms, and didn't have sex with my wife on the Saturday night before the shoot.

When the Sunday arrived I got to the studio location a few minutes after twelve noon. The studio was in a nondescript commercial building located in an industrially-zoned area. It was a place where porn could be produced without attracting any attention. About a dozen cars were parked in the lot

The blinds were closed on the front door, which was locked. I knocked and a skinny guy with glasses let me in. He asked me if I was there for the shoot and I said I was. I showed him my copy of the flier from Hot Mike's. Beyond the immediate office space was a door leading to the studio. He directed me through it and into a hallway and an adjoining room.

The room had a few couches, chairs and coffee tables scattered around. A stocky, curly-haired middle-aged guy told me to have a seat and wait. He gave me a waiver form to sign and I signed it. A bunch of porn magazines were lying on the tables. Several guys had already arrived and were sitting around, some reading the mags, others watching a porn video that was playing on a TV. A few more guys arrived shortly, so now there were about a dozen of us on hand. I wondered how the shoot was going to be set up. I felt a bit nervous but also excited. I grabbed one of the mags and scanned the pics. Fittingly enough it was a gangbang magazine. The pics got made my cock stiffen a bit.

A few minutes later the same middle-aged guy came back into the room and said, "Okay, fellas, I'm Mike and we're going to start soon. Go out in the studio and get your drivers' licenses out."

We headed out to the studio. A guy and a girl who each had video cameras were waiting there. Mike directed us to line up against the wall of the studio and hold our licenses under our chins. The guy and girl with the cameras came up and took close-ups of us. It was then that I saw the same blonde chick I'd seen at the clinic. She had on another short sundress and looked really great. I wondered if she was going to be the one doing the blowjobs. After we were all videoed with our ID's Mike told us to go back into the waiting room and strip and then come back into the studio.

We all got naked and filed back into the studio. Mike told us what he wanted, which was for us to get sucked off and come quickly.

"Don't grab your cocks and jerk wildly when you cum," he said, "I don't want you coming in her eyes. Stroke your cock back and forth in a straight line."

Mike then had us form a line at one end of the studio. He told us to be quiet during the filming because the equipment was very sensitive to sound. Mike had one guy lie down on his back at the other end, about ten feet from where the line-up of us naked guys began. He was lying with his feet facing us. The girl from the clinic was standing nearby. She took off her sundress. All she had on were panties. She had a great body for porn, plentiful tits, good legs, and a look about her like she was up for a lot of cock. 

Mike said to her, "Okay, Linda let's go," and the girl knelt down alongside the guy on the floor and started to suck his cock.

I have a copy of the video and as you can imagine, I've watched this scene many, many times. The camera opens up with a close-up of Linda sucking on the guy's cock. Then it pulls back to a shot of her in the foreground kneeling at a right angle to the guy she's sucking so that us nude guys the line-up of can see the action clearly. We're all watching intently. A few of the guys are stroking. I'm fifth in line in this shot. I'm the only guy there with a beard, and I'm standing behind and a bit to the side of a tall Latino guy with glasses and a long ponytail who I've seen in a few other amateur porn videos.

Linda obviously enjoyed being a video slut. She had no inhibitions about sucking this guy while the cameras rolled and a bunch of us watched. We watch in total attention while she deep-throats the guy and makes his cock a plaything for her mouth. As she's sucking him she strips off her panties, displaying a smoothly-shaved pussy. Just watching her makes me rock-hard.

After about two minutes of sucking him, Mike tells her to get on him. She grabs his cock and mounts him reverse-cowgirl style, facing the line-up of guys. She bobs up and down on his cock, letting out a few happy moans, obviously to get us guys in the line a bit more worked up.

Mike motions to the skinny black guy who's first in line to step up and get blown. He walks up and Linda bounces up and down on the floor guy's dick and she starts sucking the black guy. She sucks him for about two minutes but obviously he's not ready to come because Mike barks out, "Okay, let's get the next guy up here." The skinny black guy shuffles off to the end of the line, his dick only half-erect. He's replaced by a white guy with crew cut hair.

The crew-cut guy gets sucked for about two minutes and then makes the "Time Out" sign with his hands. Mike looks a bit exasperated and tells the next guy in line, a fairly stocky black guy, to move in as the crew-cut guy heads to the back of the line. So now I'm third in line. There's also a problem with the guy on the floor, because Mike asks for someone in the line to fuck Linda. The tall Latino guy in front of me volunteers and the guy on the floor goes off into the waiting room. My cock softens up a tad.

Now Mike has Linda on her feet but bent over and the Latino guy is fucking her from behind. I'm next in line as I watch from behind as the stocky black guy gets blown by Linda while the tall Latino guy fucks her. I can hear the sounds of the Latino guy's cock sliding in and out of Linda and she lets out a few moans as she sucks away. I can see the black guy's breathing harder now so Linda must be close to getting him off. Then he grunts a few times and his butt twitches and it's obvious she's made him come. Linda gives him a few seconds of after-suck stroking and then he steps aside. I'm up.

I stride up to Linda. She's in a half-crouch with the tall Latino guy slowly fucking her from behind. The two camera people are to my left, so the scene will have me on the right side of the screen. I'm about three-quarters erect as Linda takes my cock into her mouth with her left hand. I've got a standard-size six-inch cock. I've kept my cock and balls shaved for years and Linda has no trouble swallowing me to the hilt. I'm immediately as hard as I've ever been. She has long, nicely manicured nails. They'll look good on the screen. I hold her hair across the back of her neck with my right hand so it won't fall across her face and obscure the picture of her sucking me. My left hand is on my hip. Linda moves me in and out of her mouth with her left hand making the 'OK' sign around the base of my cock. My hips rock in response to her hand. Her breasts sway back and forth as the Latino guy boffs her from behind. I let go of her hair with my right hand and reach down to feel her left breast. Her nipple hardens to the touch of my palm. I'm looking down at her sucking on my cock, totally into the moment. My cock is a bone. 

I hear Mike say in the background, "That's good, keep it going."

After a minute or so Mike motions the three of us to "get down." Linda goes on all fours and the Latino guy and I get on our knees. She takes me in her mouth again with her left thumb and forefinger. My left hand goes on my left hip as I thrust my hips. I clamp her hair firmly in my right hand to control her head and create a clear sucking shot for the camera. I want my scene to be as perfect as I can make it. The Latino guy starts to fuck her harder while I pop my hips back and forth. She has a terrific tongue and she sucks hard. She moans with pleasure. She likes being used this way. She's a totally willing slut. I hear her breathing and feel her breath on my pubes. Time seems to slow down. As I watch my cock sliding in and out of her mouth I can see the scene playing out in my mind's eye. From left to right, the Latino guy and I are on our knees with Linda between us. She's on her knees, her right hand on the floor, her left hand on my cock as I pump it in and out of her mouth while the Latino guy pounds her from behind. I'm living out my porn fantasy, being the blown guy in a guy-girl-guy threesome as the cameras roll on.

"Good stuff, I like it," Mike says.

He sounds like he's miles away to me as I look down at Linda feverishly sucking my cock. I look up for a moment and catch the Latino guy's eye and we both grin. Linda opens her mouth for a moment and emits a drawn-out "oohhh" as she feels an erotic rush. I shove my cock back into her mouth. I tighten my grip on her hair and buck my hips as fast as I can. I want to come. Linda senses it and squeezes my cock as she sucks as hard as she can. She makes slurping noises as I fuck her mouth. I know that I'm being sucked off by a first-class fellatrice while the video cams roll and she's totally uninhibited about displaying her oral skills. I couldn't have imagined my porno scene to be any better. I'm feeling like a total stud, happily performing for the crew and cameras. Linda's mouth is like a warm, wet vacuum. Man, this chick can suck cock! My balls start to tighten up. I feel the little tickle of an approaching orgasm.

I try to hold out a bit longer but Linda knows she's got me and sucks my cock as hard as she can. I'm ready to let go.

I look over at the camerawoman and mouth out silently, "I'm coming, I'm coming," as my cock starts to throb.

Linda pulls my cock out of her mouth and pumps me three or four times. Her mouth is wide open. My cock pulsates in her hand. I look down and watch my first shot of sperm pop onto the right side of her chin. I'm panting a bit and my stomach distends involuntarily. Linda strokes another blast of cum out of my cock onto her tongue. I'm still holding her hair tightly in my right hand as she strokes my throbbing cock. I did it. I came on camera. I delivered the money shot. It's an electric feeling. It's a huge erotic thrill.

Linda sticks my cock back in her mouth and sucks me a few times more as a finishing touch. She strokes me a few times and then I bend over and kiss the top of her head as gesture of thanks for a superb blowjob. I've got a big grin on my face as I get up and step away. I couldn't have asked for a better scene for my porno fantasy experience. I got sucked off and came just like the big-time porn guys.

Linda wasn't done yet. There were guys in line after me and I wanted to see how they'd do, so I hung around and watched the continuing action.

The next guy in line steps up for his turn to get blown. He's 6-1, about 200 pounds, with a cock at least seven inches plus and thick which is already standing at attention. Linda stands on her knees now and puts one hand on his thigh to help her balance. He stands slightly slumped, hands dangling as Linda sucks him while she pumps him with her other hand. The Latino guy continues to fuck her from behind. He reaches out and cups her right breast for a moment. Linda moans as she continues to suck and stroke the guy in front of her. His hips move back and forth. In about a minute his face puckers and he sighs heavily. Linda knows he's coming. She pulls on his cock and a few drops of sperm fly out of his cock onto her tongue. She keeps stroking him and a few seconds later he shoots three big milky loads onto her lips and into her mouth. She moans and strokes him as she rubs his cock on her face. He starts to step away but she keeps her hand on his cock and pulls him back to lick and stroke him a bit more.

"Next!" Mike yells out after about 30 seconds and another guy steps up.

He's about my height and weight (5-10, 160) with shoulder length hair and a shorter, but much thicker cock than mine. Linda's in the same position as before. The Latino guy is still probing her from behind. Linda's still got cum on her face. She's just a total slut, and obviously loves being one. She's got the guy in her mouth and her nose all the way into his crotch hair. She strokes and sucks this guy for what seems like a long time but nothing's happening. He's hard but he's not coming.

"That's enough for now," Mike says. "Next guy."

The longhaired guy shuffles away with a downcast look. Up steps a tubby, dorky-looking guy, who looks like an overweight computer geek. He's got a two-dollar haircut and a bristly mustache.

He smiles goofily at the camera as he waddles up to Linda, but he's also got a live boner sticking out below his spare tire. Linda goes to work on him. His belly jiggles as Linda bobs her head back and forth on his cock. Her mouth follows her hand back and forth along his stiff cock. He's got a pretty thick tool, about six-plus inches. He stands almost motionless with his hands at his sides as Linda sucks on his cock. He looks down at her as she sucks away on him. In less than a minute he squints and lets out a slight "Ooohh." Then he comes. Linda has almost no time to react. She gags a bit as his first shot goes down her throat, but she pumps the rest his sizeable load onto her tongue. Some of his come drips out of her mouth. So far she's sucked off the black guy ahead of me, me, the guy behind me, and now the fat geek. The Latino guy's still dicking her from behind. There are still guys in line waiting to get blown. So far this looks like it's going to be a very hot wall-to-wall style XXX-video.

The next two guys don't make the cut. The first is a tall, skinny guy who's been stroking himself continually while waiting in line but he can't get more than half-erect at best. Linda sucks his floppy dick as hard as she can. The guy's intimidated by the cameras and spectators. He strokes himself while Linda sucks him. It's not happening. He can't get his cock hard. Mike tells him to quit and orders the next guy up. He's about my height and weight and cock size. The guy's got a hard-on as he steps up to get blown. Linda clamps onto his cock with her mouth and goes to work. The Latino guy continues to fuck Linda from behind. The guy in her mouth puts a hand on top of her head and bucks his hips as she sucks and strokes him. He huffs and puffs. He's good and hard in her mouth, but after about two minutes of getting sucked his cock starts to soften up. He goes limp in Linda's mouth. Mike rolls his eyes. "Next," he snaps, and the crew-cut guy who signaled "Time Out" before steps up. He's got the longest cock among us, medium thick. He's boned.

"I'm ready now," he says as Linda takes his cock in her mouth.

Linda's still standing on her knees as the Latino guy screws her pussy from behind. The crew-cut guy has his hands on his hips as Linda sucks the top part of his cock while she strokes the lower part with her left thumb and forefinger making the OK sign. He starts to pant after maybe a minute and a half. Then he grunts softly a few times. Linda pulls back a bit and strokes him hard. Five or six strokes and he erupts onto her chin and lips with the best cum shot of the day. He blasts out four or five good spurts of goo. Linda's face is thoroughly glazed from as good an oral cum shot as any porno fan would want. 

A black guy follows the crew-cut guy. He's about six feet, maybe one-seventy five. He's as long as the guy who went after me, but not as thick. He's hard. He looks ready. The Latino guy shifts positions and goes on the floor so Linda can ride him in the reverse cowgirl position. She sucks the black guy for a bit and then he pulls out of her mouth and starts jacking. Mike obviously wants an interracial cum shot in this scene. The black guy strokes himself for about thirty seconds. Linda hovers with her mouth open. He comes with a grunt and sprays her mouth and lips with a good-sized load of jism.

Now it's the last guy's turn. He's a fairly stocky white guy with a thick six-incher. He's three-quarters erect. Linda's still riding the Latino guy reverse cowgirl-style. Her face is frosted with cum from the crew-cut guy and the black guy. A bit of cum drips from her chin. She's a totally hot blowjob slut.

The stocky guy strokes his cock while Linda sucks on him. She bounces up and down on the Latino guy's dick and moans a bit. The stocky guy has his right hand locked onto her hair at the back of her head. Linda has her hands on his hips. He strokes his dick with his left hand as he pokes it in and out of her mouth. Her head bobbles back and forth, controlled by his hand. His cock's a bit rubbery, but he looks almost ready to cum. He face-fucks her a bit more and then he lets go. He strokes his load into her open mouth. Her tongue is coated with his sperm. Some drips from her mouth. She strokes and sucks him for a bit afterwards, then he steps away. Linda's still riding the tall Latino guy's rod.
