 I hope you enjoy the final (for now) chapter of A Teacher's Sin Uncovered. Next up is mother/son story set in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. 

I wish all a Happy New Year.

As always, all story characters, if they were actual people, would be eighteen years of age or older. They have experienced a much briefer existence in my word processor. 

* * * * 

A note from Andy was stuck in my door jamb. A limousine would arrive at noon, take me to Spa V. It would provide my dress for the evening. 

Spa V. I, like everyone else, had heard of it, but had never dreamed of going there. Not on a teacher's salary, not on ten teacher's salary. I showered, dressed in jeans, sandals, and a tee-shirt, and fell asleep in Bruce's Lazy Boy. Woken by a knock on the door, I followed a handsome chauffeur to a limousine. He opened the door for me.

At the spa I was welcomed by an exuberant red-headed woman, maybe five years older than me, quite lovely, clothes and make-up perfect.

"It's good to meet you Ms. Kaminska. My name is Roda, I'm your facilitator today. Andrew told us how beautiful you are; he said we were to take the best of care of you."

The spa was an experience unlike any I'd known. It started with a private Hammam, then the Vichy Shower Room. Full body exfoliation, firming mask, hydrating lotions that would tighten and lift my body. A full-body massage, private facial and body treatment; manicure and pedicure. Wine that exceeded my understanding of what wine could be. I'd never felt more cherished.

My dress was sexy and elegant. Cayenne in color, it's form fitting skirt skimmed my curves and ended in a full-length hemline gown that drifted to the floor. The top was sheer; two asymmetrical patches covered my braless breasts. My red sandals - 4 1/4 inch heels with a ½ inch platform - strapped at my ankles. My only jewelry were round diamond earrings. I wore my hair down. The spa applied my make-up, a sexy glam look. I'd never been this beautiful.

Roda walked me to the lobby where Andrew, wearing a tuxedo, met me. "She's magnificent Roda."

I turned to Roda, kissed her cheek. "Thank you, its been a wonderful day."

"I'm so glad you enjoyed yourself. Have a wonderful time tonight."

The limousine was waiting. As we rode across town Andrew poured me a glass of wine. Upon arrival Andrew walked around as the chauffeur opened my door. I slipped my arm into his and we started up the steps. I had the oddest realization. This was the first time that Andrew and I had touched since he'd given me the file.

"You look luminous."

"Thank you Andrew, it was a wonderful day. What are your instructions for me tonight?"

"Go with the flow, you'll figure it out."

The Mayor and his wife met us at the door. He grasped Andrew's hand and said, "Good to see you Andy. This must be Ms. Kaminska, our honoree. It's nice to meet you. This is my wife Maureen." He kissed my cheek.

"Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Ms. Jeter."

She had to be sixty but looked fifteen years younger. Pure class, inarguable dignity. Her posture was erect; she wore her silver hair up. She leaned in, kissed my cheek, and in a precise voice said, "Please Helga, Martin and Maureen."

We went inside. Everyone was impeccably dressed, the men handsome in formal wear, the women perfectly coiffed in gowns of grace and style. Initially I felt intimidated, but Andrew was completely comfortable; his conversation natural and unforced and I felt at home on his arm. The Mayor and his wife, I mean Maureen, came over to talk to us. I complimented them on their home. 

Maureen replied, "After the ceremony we'll give you a tour."

We drank excellent wine, feasted on superb hors d'oeuvres. People congratulated me, complimented my dress, told me how beautiful I was. I was enjoying showing off, something that always made Bruce uncomfortable.

Then the Mayor, standing behind a podium, called for everyone's attention and asked Serena, who worked in the fire department, to join him. I'd wondered about her; she could have been an Amazonian warrior. Jet black skin, strong eyes and mouth, her hair a carefully-crafted disorganized mess. Her musculature was superhuman, but she avoided the flat chest of some body builders. Her breasts and ass, in fact, were over-sized and gravity defying; her legs were like columns. She moved with the grace and strength of an athlete. I bet she could go for hours. Shit, what had Coach unleashed in me last night?

Elin, the police department's representative, was introduced next. She was Serena's opposite; a model of Nordic beauty. Thin and tall, long blonde hair, small chested, blue eyes and gentle features; she was breathtaking.

I was asked to join them. 

The Mayor had all a politician's charms; he praised us as a group, then rolled out a personal anecdote about each of us. Andrew must have been his source. After a round of applause I was presented with an envelope containing a $1,000.00 Agent Provocateur gift certificate. I'd never been able to afford to shop there. How would I explain it to Bruce?

Maureen approached, waved the Mayor over. "Are you ready for your tour, dear?"

"Yes."

Their home was lovely, tasteful, and had all the amenities. We visited the sauna, wine cellar, and exercise room. Next we entered a guest bedroom. Like the other rooms in the house, it was beautiful - high ceilings, cornice moldings, buffed wood floors, wainscoting - stopping just short of ostentatious. The furniture was mahogany.

Maureen turned to me, placed her hands on my face, her fingertips lightly stroked my cheek. Her touch was gentle, sweet. 

"Andy told us how lovely you are. He did not exaggerate. Your skin is flawless."

The Mayor's hand was on my back, his touch was confident, appealing.

I hadn't been sure what my role was tonight - Andy's instructions were vague - but now the answer was clear. I was to make love to the Mayor and his wife. Well, why not, they were perfectly attractive people. 

"Thank you Maureen."

Deftly, the Mayor unbuttoned the back of my dress. It fell away from my breasts. I ran my hand down the front of his pants, traced the outline of his hard, over-sized, prick. Maureen covered my hand with hers, pressing me to him, and said, "I hope you like them big darling," and brought her lips to mine. Her tongue explored my mouth. The kiss was gentle and ladylike.

I was wildly aroused.

The Mayor, his hand on my neck, turned my head and kissed me. His wife took an areola in her mouth, licked the nipple, worked the surrounding flesh with lips and teeth. I bought my hand to the back of her head, held her in place. She worked my dress over my hips; it descended to the floor, pooling at my feet. 

The Mayor and his wife stepped away, looked at me. Except for my shoes I was naked. I basked in their admiration, imagining myself a poor country girl taken in by a wealthy couple, ready to start life as their concubine. 

"Helga, wait for us on the bed."

I sat on the bed, crossed my legs. The Mayor and his wife undressed, laying their clothes neatly to the side. Although both were in their sixties - I'd never had a lover their age - they were trim, fit, attractive and, more than anything else, dignified. 

The Mayor also had the biggest cock I'd ever seen.

I licked my lips, ran a finger down my body, across a breast, to my cunt. I was very very wet.

They approached me, rolled me to my back, and then four experienced talented hands, two experienced talented mouths, explored my body. They caressed the inside of my thighs and the sides of my body. Strong fingers ran through my hair and my scalp; my pelvis was stroked and kissed; soft lips played with my ear lobes and neck. The palms of my hands, the backs of my knees, the small of my back, my collarbone, my neck, every part of me capable of receiving pleasure was kissed, nipped, stroked, touched. By the time they finished with my breasts I was soaking wet. They rolled me onto my stomach and lifted me to my knees. Although I had never known a penis as big as the Mayor's, he slid in easily. His wife guided my mouth to her sex, the hair there the same elegant silver that sat atop her head.

It was as if the Mayor and I had been my lovers for years; he brought me to orgasm after orgasm, all strong, but none so powerful as to render me incapable of longing for the next. I sucked on Maureen's clit - huge, long, and distended - and dragged three upcurled fingers along the roof of her vagina. Stomach undulating, she purred through serial orgasms. 

The Mayor, who had been quiet, started moaning, a deep sexy baritone. He picked up the pace. I pushed against him and redoubled my efforts on his wife's sex. The three of us moved in perfect harmony. Then the Mayor shook, grunted - a single powerful sound from deep within his solar plexus - and filled me with cum. A moment later Maureen's pussy, accompanied by her quick excited gasp, clamped down on my fingers and squirted pussy juice onto my face. Then it was I who was coming, a deep satisfying soulful orgasm that left me curled up on the bed in the fetal position.

I looked at my lovers through half-lidded eyes. "That was wonderful."

Maureen said, "Were always happy to be of service to a constituent," then added, "Remain here." No argument from me. I was happy laying there savoring my body. 

The Mayor pressed a button on the wall and two servants, seemingly oblivious to my naked form, entered and helped Maureen and he dress. When fully clothed she said to her husband, "Do you think she's ready?"

"Based on what just happened, I'd say yes. And Andy says she is. He's never been wrong."

Maureen walked over, kissed my lips, "You're a lucky girl."

They left, I rolled onto my back, admired the room. What else did Andy have in mind?

It didn't take long to find out. The door to the bedroom opened and through it walked a group of men. I wasn't sure how many; I was too scared to count. Was I expected to service them all? I felt a moment of panic. I couldn't do this. Then I remembered what Andy had said, that I was on a journey. I'd pooh-poohed it as new age bullshit, but he'd been right, it had been a journey. At every step I thought Andy was asking for a degrading impossibility: show him my breasts, teach while wearing nipple clamps, then a butt plug, suck off the principal, make love to a woman, be the third in a menage-a-trois. But I'd loved them all. I knew now that if Andy suggested it, I would love it. He had said our journey was almost over. I surveyed the roomful of guys. He must be telling the truth, how much more could he ask?

Wearing my heels, I stood, feet at shoulder width, proudly displaying my body. My pussy was swollen and wet; the mayor's cum dripped down my leg. The men stopped and stared, unsure of what to do.

I bit my lip. "Hey boys. The fleet just come in."

They laughed and started to advance. The first man who reached me - the president of a local bank - lowered his face to mine. I opened my mouth. His tongue stroked my lips, then entered my mouth and danced a sensual gavotte. He held me gently but firmly; his kisses became more urgent; they were sensitive and sweet and an oddly romantic way to begin an orgy. I undid his belt, pushed my hand inside. He was hard, big, and pulsating; my heart was pounding. I was ready. I wanted to be fucked.

His kisses moved to my neck. I pulled his belt free, unzipped his pants. He placed his hands of my shoulders, pressing downward. I knelt, pulled his pants to his ankles. He dragged his dick across my face, pressed the cockhead to my lips. Imagining myself the star in an old fashioned X-rated flick, I stretched my jaw, licked the head of his erection, swallowed his cock. My nipples and cunt bubbled with desire. 

He sat on the bed. "That's it my little slut, suck me, suck my cock, fondle my balls." 

Squeezing the slick head of his tool I ran my tongue across his scrotum to his perineum. He took hold of my head, brought it to his testicles. I suckled on his balls. Pre-cum oozed from his cock, coating my hand. I licked his prick clean; his pre-cum was delicious. His hands went under my arms, lifting me to the bed. He took off his shirt, kicked off his pants, kissed me; his tongue was facile and strong. I wanted him inside me.

He crawled between my legs, penetrating me with a single deep hard thrust. I dug my fingers into his back; my cunt contracted on his hard cock, gripped and massaged his shaft. Wave after wave of obscene pleasure coursed through me; an orgasm pounded my body. I screamed in joy.

He fucked me hard, like an animal. His cock was of average size, but he knew how to use it. He shoved his rigid dick in and out of my snatch. I spread my legs, offered him my body. I shut my eyes, focusing on the fire in my cunt, sucking in air through my open mouth. 

Someone turned my head to the side; lips were pressed to mine. My eyes jerked open. It was not my lover's face, but that of a beautiful blonde man I'd noticed earlier. Our tongues intertwined; I orgasmed again. 

My lover thrust his dick into me; his cock pulsed; he groaned, he filled me with sperm; he rolled off of me. The blonde man moved on to the bed, straddled me, kissed my lips, kissed down my body; he caressed my hips and belly, ate my swollen cunt. I was eager to cum on his voracious tongue, but he rolled me over, picked me up on my knees, raised my butt in the air, then kissed the small of my back, licked along the crevice of my ass. When he reached my anus he rimmed my asshole, pushed his tongue inside me.

The bed moved. Another stranger sat before me, his hard cock slapped against my face. I opened my mouth and took him inside. Then another set of hands, pulling on my nipples.

The bed shifted; the blonde man was on his knees, the tip of his cock pressed to my asshole. Fear and trepidation flared through me; I was a virgin back there. Then another thought: I'd offered my asshole to Bruce just two days ago. He'd turned it down, now it would be taken by a stranger. I heard a new voice, from whom I couldn't identify, "Stop, it's the brunette, her asshole's reserved."

"Shit, you're right, thanks." 

The cock-head slid across my perineum, into my vagina. He was big, but after the Mayor's enormous instrument I could handle it. Soon we were fucking at a steady strong pace. There were new hands on me: rolling my clitoris against my body, pulling on my nipples. The man sitting in front of me pulled his cock from my mouth. I bathed his testicles with my tongue. An orgasm cascaded through my body. My lover cried out in ecstasy and the cock buried in my cunt exploded, shooting pulse after pulse of hot cum into me. 

I was exhausted, but I was there to be a trophy at an orgy and a trophy at an orgy I would be. I sucked in air and took the man's cock back into my mouth. He pulled my hair to the side and watched his dick slide in and out of my face. I tongued the head, then let his cock slip from my mouth, pressed it to his belly, licked up it's underside with the flat of my tongue. It was hot, hard and thick with distended pulsating veins.

A black men, the city attorney, sat on the side of the bed and ran his hand down the length of my body. 

"Wish I had a pretty white girl like you teaching me when I was in high school."

He was well built; his touch was gentle and knowing. He covered my swollen pussy with his hand, his long elegant strong fingers entered me, withdrew, pushed in again.

"The way you're humping my fingers teach, I think you need more dick."

He was right, I needed more.

I let the cock slip from my mouth. "Yes, cock, I need cock, I need hard cock, yes please, more cock."

Moving behind me, his strong hands took hold of my hips.

"Your cunt is beautiful. Open and wet, coated with the cum of other men."

He made me feel like a whore; it turned me on.

The man before me was masturbating; seconds later he came. Jism leaped from his tool and splattered my face and hair. It was a massive load; sheets of jism slid down my face. I licked my lips; he tasted good; sweet and salty at the same time.

My newest lover rolled me onto my back, pushed my legs to my chest, held them in place, shuffled forward.

"Hey pretty white girl, you ever been fucked by a black man."

I looked at him with eager eyes. "No."

"You're gonna like it."

Although not as long as the Mayor's, his dick was about as thick. I wasn't sure how he'd fit inside me. He entered me in a corkscrew motion, slow and gentle, but also firm, insistent, and strong. I felt stuffed; he stretched my cunt to new limits. He started fucking me. I felt a spark, then a fire in my belly. He plunged into me and degree by fucking degree, the flame inside me grew hotter, more intense. Finally he locked his hands to my hips and rolled onto his back, effortlessly moving me so I was now sitting astride him. 

"Okay white girl, do your thing."

I rode his cock hard, bouncing up and down, impaling myself on his stiff fat meat. Men surrounded the bed to watch the show. One stepped forward. I had no idea who he was; I took him in my mouth. He held my head in his hands and fucked my face in time with the cock plowing my pussy.

I was a shameless piece of fuck-meat. The cock in my pussy twitched, exploded. I yanked the cock from my mouth, came, screaming my delight. The man jammed his cock back between my lips, fucked my face hard, near brutally, and filled my mouth with thick heavy sperm. It dribbled down my chin, on to my tits.

I was lifted to my feet. Excited men groped and pawed my flesh. Fingers were in my cunt, fingers thumbed my asshole. My breasts were fondled, my nipples pinched. They talked about me like I was horse flesh: "fine tits," "good ass," "firm cunt," and mocked my morality "brazen-hussy," "slut-teacher," "dick-addict." I was laid back down and one-by-one, half a dozen men crawled between my legs and fucked me. I loved it, the different widths, lengths, angles. I came again and again, multiple wonderful intense orgasms. 

I was rolled over and placed on all fours. A well-endowed man slid his cock into my pussy. Another man sat before me; I recognized him, a respected heart doctor. He stuffed his cock in my mouth. I wrapped my fingers around a third dick. The man in my mouth came first, followed by the one in my hand; he sprayed his cum onto my back. The third man kept fucking and a young man sat before me. I was about could take him in my mouth an orgasm rocked me. The man with his dick in my cunt joined me, he jerked, groaned, filled me with cum.

I fell forward, resting my head on the mattress, my ass in the air. A dick, long and slender, was jammed inside me. It swirled easily within me; my cunt was full of cum. Whomever he was he took his time. The crowd urged him on, encouraging him to keep fucking my hot twat. Their words thrilled me; I climbed back up the mountain and was soon bouncing from orgasm to orgasm.

After he came another man entered my pussy, another cock was shoved into my mouth, my fingers were wrapped around another shaft. I was drained and exhausted but the men were relentless. When one man shot his wad another took his place. It seemed like I'd been fucking for hours and still, somehow, I kept coming. Then, at some point, I don't know when, I'd satisfied them all; the room emptied. I was sore and spent, sperm was splattered on my skin and hair, cum oozed from my cunt; my belly and cunt were raw and filled with semen; every part of my body ached. I fell asleep.

I was having a dream, my pussy was stuffed with cock, big fat wonderful cock, people were fucking me, I didn't know who. An unworldly groan interrupted my slumber. I opened my eyes; Maureen was on her knees, leaning on a pillow, sucking her husband's dick while Andrew fucked her from behind. Her hair hung in disarray. The look of calm refinement she'd worn all evening, even when I'd eaten her to several orgasms, was gone, replaced by raging animal lust.
