 This is the fifth installment of an ongoing series. With the subject matter it should pretty much stand on its own, however please refer to Wrestling on the Third Date, Hiking With Nicole, Waiting for Alice, and I'll Take the Uglier One (in that order) for what came before.




It started out like a typical fall Saturday evening, if your typical Saturday evenings start out with dinner with your bi-sexual girlfriend and her bi-sexual girlfriend. Nicole and I had been together for about eight months now. A few months ago she introduced me to Alice, who she had met at the gym and had been enjoying a flirtation with. That night ended in a hot threesome, and that became the norm for us. I'm a 39 year old divorcee, 5'11, 160 pounds, fit for the most part but getting a little soggy around the middle, if you know what I mean. Nicole is also divorced, 34, 5'7, 140 pounds, physically fit with long brown hair, C cup breasts, and an hourglass figure. Alice is 29 and single, 5'9, 160 pounds, blonde, voluptuous and gorgeous. 

We get a lot of looks when we go out together. Nicole likes to wear tight blouses and long skirts that show off her hourglass figure. In the summer Alice wore frilly blouses and short skirts, but in the fall she had changed to tight sweaters and tight skirts that accentuated every curve of her body. A lot of heads turn our way. The women get ogled. People just look at me as if to wonder what I'm doing with them. Maybe I ran a modeling agency and these were two of my models. Maybe I had the biggest cock in the world stuffed into my pants and these ladies were the lucky ones. Eccentric millionaire and paid escorts? Mad scientist and his incredibly lifelike sex toys? I could go on like that all day.

Nicole and Alice were sharing knowing glances all through dinner, and I started to wonder what they had planned for that evening. Nicole was the creative and adventurous one. Alice and I just kind of went along for the ride. If Nicole knew that you had a particular fantasy, she would almost insist on living it out with you.

We finished dinner and went to Nicole's apartment. That was where all of our non-exhibitionist adventures took place. Nicole opened the door and I was shocked to see her living room transformed. The furniture was all pushed back against the walls. The floor was covered with black plastic. It looked like several trash bags spread out across the floor. In the middle of it was an inflatable kiddie pool. It was about two feet high and six feet around.

"Surprise!" Nicole said.

We had talked a few months ago about my wrestling fetish. I liked to see women wrestling. I didn't like it if it became violent, but the sight of two scantily clad, or better yet naked women rubbing up against each other was quite a turn on. After that talk Nicole and Alice staged a catfight for me, and I thought that was going to be the end of it. However, by the looks of it, it wasn't.

"Nicole wouldn't stop talking about buying a kiddie pool and wrestling," Alice said, "So eventually I just told her let's do it."

"You guys... you don't have to," I said.

"No, I'm totally up for it," Alice said, "I'm looking forward to dominating her again," she added with a glance at Nicole. 

"Who says this is all about you?" Nicole said to me. Then she turned to Alice. "We'll see about that," Nicole added. She turned back to me. "We've been doing some research, you know, visiting some instructional websites, like tribgirls, catfight central, and ultimate surrender. I think we have a pretty good grasp of the subject matter." Nicole put emphasis on the word 'grasp', glancing at Alice as she did so. Alice was trying to look serious, but she smiled despite herself. I was left to imagine what they saw and what they did after they saw it. I was already getting hard thinking about what was going to happen.

The girls excused themselves to go change. I was told to make myself more comfortable. I had started wearing slacks and dress shirts out to dinner instead of my customary jeans and sweats because Nicole and Alice always dressed up and I felt like a shlub by their side. I figured that if I was going to continue to be the world's luckiest man in this threesome, I may as well dress the part. I didn't know what they meant by 'more comfortable' though. I didn't have a change of clothes handy, and with the furniture all pushed up against the wall there wasn't anywhere to sit.

Eventually the bedroom door opened and Nicole and Alice emerged. They were dressed in tight white t-shirts and bikini bottoms. Their breasts were clearly outlined beneath the shirts, their hardened nipples pressing against the fabric. I usually pride myself on being able to maintain eye contact with my busty girlfriends, but this time I gave in to the urge to stare at their chests.

"We thought about just wearing bikinis," Nicole said, "But we saw a video where the women started out in t-shirts instead and ripped them off of each other, and we both decided that was what we wanted to do." Nicole glanced at Alice, who was also staring at Nicole's C cup breasts straining against her t-shirt. Alice nodded belatedly, never taking her eyes off of Nicole.

"Why are you still dressed?" Nicole asked me. "I told you to get more... comfortable," she added, staring at my crotch. I'm sure she could see the outline of my hard-on in my slacks.

"Well, I don't have anything to change into..." I started to say.

"Of course you don't," Nicole said, "But you don't want to get those clothes covered in oil, do you?"

I glanced around the room and noticed that there was a large bottle of baby oil sitting on the coffee table where it was pushed up against the wall. I wasn't sure how I missed that up until then. I looked back at Nicole and she smiled at me. I looked over at Alice and she playfully thrust her enormous chest out at me, as if to say yes, please rub oil all over it. Without another word I started to strip, pulling off my shoes, shirt, and slacks. I was going to keep my socks on, but I thought that my black dress socks looked silly, so I pulled them off as well. I was now dressed in a t-shirt and boxers. I usually didn't like wearing boxers because my balls hung too low, but the girls insisted I looked better in them than in briefs. At any rate I was pitching a huge tent in the boxers, my 7 inch erection trying to find its way out through the hole in the boxers all on its own.

"Much better," Nicole said, and she walked across the room to pick up the bottle of baby oil. She came over to me and handed it to me, pressing herself up to me and kissing me as she did so. I could feel her hardened nipples against my chest, and her thighs brush against my erection. Suddenly she pulled away. "Okay, me first!" She said, and bounced back across the room until she was standing in the kiddie pool.

Not to be outdone, Alice sauntered up to me, her breasts swaying seductively under the t-shirt. She grabbed my head and kissed me, hard, mashing her D cup breasts against me. "Enjoy the show," she whispered, and then went to join Nicole in the kiddie pool.

I paused for a moment to praise whatever higher power made this evening possible. I slowly approached the kiddie pool, unscrewing the bottle as I did so. I reached Nicole and tipped the bottle over at her clavicle. The oil poured out and down her front. Nicole gasped, the oil quickly covering her front and turning the t-shirt transparent. I poured some down her back as well, for good measure, and stood back to watch the oil run down her body. Nicole grabbed her breasts through the t-shirt, caressing them and brushing her fingers against her hardened nipples.

"You need to make sure that I'm completely covered," Nicole said to me seductively. I put the bottle down and started running my hands up and down the exposed skin of her arms and legs, making sure that the oil was covering her skin. I made sure to brush against her bikini bottoms with my hands as I ran them up and down her legs. "My breasts too," Nicole said, clearly getting aroused, "Make sure my breasts are good and oiled." She seemed to be extremely turned on already. I wasn't sure how long she'd last in a sexfight. I wasn't sure how long I'd last, either. I could feel that I was already as hard as I could be, as if my dick was thinking that if only it could grow another inch or so it could reach Nicole all on its own. Still, I obliged, taking hold of her breasts through the saturated t-shirt and massaging them. Nicole moaned, and for a second I thought she was going to suggest we skipped the wrestling altogether and just go fuck ourselves silly.

"You're wet enough already," Alice suddenly snapped, breaking us out of our sexual trance. "It's my turn," Alice said to me, reaching down for the bottle of baby oil. She handed it to me, and thrust her chest out at me. I looked at Nicole, who was already staring at Alice's chest, waiting to see what it looked like in a wet t-shirt.

I tipped the bottle over and poured. Alice gasped as the oil covered her front and made her t-shirt transparent. I gave her the same treatment, pouring some down her back, and then rubbing it into her arms and legs as well.

"Don't forget my chest," Alice said, and I obligingly grabbed her D cup breasts through her t-shirt and started massaging them. "Mmm..." Alice moaned, although I got the sense she was exaggerating to annoy Nicole.

"Okay, that's enough," Nicole said. She didn't sound angry, she just sounded impatient. "Pour the rest of the oil into the pool," Nicole said to me. I tipped the bottle over and emptied the rest of the oil into the pool. There wasn't much left, but along with the runoff from the girls there was a small puddle at the bottom of the pool.

"One more thing before we start," Nicole said, and she looked over at Alice. "You're going to really enjoy this, so when you're ready to cum... we want you to shoot your load onto us while we're wrestling."

I gulped. "Really?" I asked.

"Yeah," Alice said, "You don't want us to dry out, do you?"

"Nuh... no," I stammered. I don't know why that statement had such an effect on me. I had shot my load all over both of them before. Maybe it was just the matter-of-fact way they said it to me.

"Okay, ready?" Nicole asked Alice. Alice responded by throwing her arms around Nicole. Whatever her intention was, her foot slipped in the oil and they both crashed to the ground, Alice on top of Nicole. They fell hard and I was afraid for a moment they may have hurt themselves. "You bitch!" Nicole suddenly shouted and pushed Alice off of her. She threw herself on top of Alice and they began to wrestle back and forth, sliding around in the oil. Compared to their previous experience, the oil was clearly making it more difficult for both of them to do what they were intending to do.

Lying side by side, Nicole grabbed hold of Alice's t-shirt and pulled. I think Nicole was expecting it to just tear right off of her, but it didn't. Alice responded by grabbing Nicole's t-shirt, and they struggled like that for a while, side by side, pulling on the necklines of their t-shirts. Eventually Alice used her grip to pull herself up and on top of Nicole. Now straddling her, she was able to grab Nicole's shirt with both hands and tear the wet fabric.

Nicole also had a grip on Alice's shirt from below. When she realized that her own shirt was ripped, she became enraged and used her grip to fling Alice off of her. She pulled herself on top of Alice and began trying to rip her shirt the same way that Alice had ripped hers. Alice's shirt must have been made of stronger stuff, though, because it refused to tear. Nicole's shirt was ripped to her navel, and with her struggles one of her breasts had popped loose. It was a sight I had seen countless times before, however this particular view turned me on more than usual. Was it because it was unintentional? Nicole was a bit of an exhibitionist, and I didn't think that flashing her breast bothered her very much, especially to her lovers. So why did that thought enhance my arousal? Even with the incredibly erotic show being put on before me, I paused to wonder about the deep psychological reasoning behind my sexual arousal.

A grunt and a thud caught my attention. Alice had pushed Nicole back off of her and had climbed back on top. Alice continued trying to rip Nicole's shirt the rest of the way off while Nicole had given up on trying to rip Alice's shirt, and instead reached for the bottom of the shirt to try to pull it up and over Alice's head. Nicole succeeded in pulling Alice's shirt up and over her head while Alice continued to tear at Nicole's shirt until it was almost completely torn down the middle. Alice lost her grip, however, as Nicole pulled her shirt over her head. Alice's huge breasts popped free, glistening from the oil, and Nicole's hands immediately went to them, grabbing and kneading them. Alice responded by reaching into Nicole's ruined t-shirt and grabbing her breasts as well. I stared at them, wondering whether they were trying to inflict pleasure or pain on each other.

After a minute or so Alice decided she'd had enough of the mutual breast mauling and slid herself up along Nicole's body until she was able to pin Nicole's arms with her knees, her bottom lying on top of Nicole's breasts. As Nicole struggled to get her arms free, Alice reached behind her and untied Nicole's string bikini bottoms. They fell away, leaving me a great view of Nicole's exposed pussy, slick with oil and her arousal. Nicole was completely shaved. Alice was, too. They had begun shaving each other about a month ago. They offered to shave me too, but I declined. I had a fear of razors being that close to my pubic area. The view only lasted for a moment, however, as Alice quickly placed her hand over Nicole's pussy and began to slide her fingers along her clit and pussy lips.

"Ugh!" Nicole grunted, a mixture of frustration and arousal. There was no doubt about my situation, however. I was so turned on I couldn't stand it anymore, and pulled my boxers down to the floor. I grabbed my 7 inch erection and started jerking off like crazy. My hands were still slick from the oil that I had massaged into Nicole and Alice, and the lubrication was helping me approach orgasm even faster, my hand sliding easily along my shaft. I positioned myself beside the two wrestlers, who were too wrapped up in their struggle to even notice me. I went over the edge and came, with most of my cum landing on Alice's naked back.

Alice was looking at me as I came back to my senses, bemused. "Already?" She asked. Nicole also stopped her struggling to see me standing beside them holding my dick, cum still dribbling out. I smiled meekly. "Pardon the interruption," I said, "Please continue."

Alice and Nicole laughed. Nicole's laugh, however, turned into a gasp as Alice suddenly thrust a finger inside her pussy. I saw her hips jerk, and I wondered if Nicole was going to orgasm right then. She wasn't ready to give up so easily, however, and with surprising agility she thrust her legs into the air and used them to knock Alice backward and off of her, and nearly out of the kiddie pool altogether. She slid back until her head was resting against the side. Now it was Nicole's turn to climb atop Alice and straddle her with her knees pinning her arms. Nicole quickly reached back and pulled off Alice's bikini bottoms, leaving her completely naked. Before Nicole could return the favor and attack Alice's pussy, however, Alice lifted her hips into the air and knocked Nicole forward and out of the kiddie pool altogether. Nicole skidded to a halt on the trash bags a few feet away from the pool. I was worried that she was going to hurt herself, but as she skidded to a stop she thrust her arms out in front of her and shouted "Whee!" 

Nicole rolled into a sitting position, laughing. Alice had also sat up and was facing her. Nicole's t-shirt had come completely apart during her journey across the floor, so she decided to pull it off of her. Now she was completely naked too. Nicole looked at Alice, who beckoned to her with a finger. Nicole looked at me, and I smiled at her.

Nicole crawled back into the kiddie pool, her oily breasts swaying between her arms. She reached Alice and threw her arms around her and kissed her. Alice threw her arms around Nicole also, and they stayed like that for a while, kissing with their breasts crushed together. Alice suddenly threw Nicole down on her back and straddled her again. She climbed atop her chest and pinned her arms down with her knees. I was waiting for Alice to reach back and begin stroking Nicole's pussy again, but I realized that something else was going on. I had to walk around the pool to the other side of the room to get a better view. Alice had lined her pussy up with Nicole's right breast, and was basically humping her, her pussy and clitoris sliding back and forth across Nicole's hardened nipple.

Alice caught my eye. "I saw this in one of the videos," Alice said, "And I wanted to see what it felt like."

My erection had never gone away, but I had managed to avoid its call up until that moment. I grabbed myself and started stroking again. My mouth had gone dry, but I managed to ask, "What does it feel like?"

"I can feel her nipple," Alice said, pausing to gasp, "Right against my clit."

"This is so hot," I said, my voice barely a whisper. My statement seemed to egg Alice on even more, and she gave another gasp as her movements against Nicole became more pronounced. Alice gave another gasp and a sigh and slid off of Nicole.

Nicole and Alice began to slide around in the oil together. I couldn't really call it wrestling. They were rubbing their bodies up against each other, slithering around in the oil in a kind of erotic dance, just enjoying the feel of their bodies against each other.

Eventually Alice found herself lying in between Nicole's legs. She took one of her D cup breasts in her hand and lined up her nipple with Nicole's pussy. She began to rub it against Nicole's pussy.

Nicole gasped. "Oh my God," she said, "I can feel your hard nipple rubbing against my clit."

Of all the things that I had seen and done in the past several months since I had met Nicole and then Alice, this was one of the things I was still hoping to see. I wasn't sure what it was about a woman rubbing her breast against another woman's pussy that turned me on so much, but it did. I started beating myself off like mad, trying to get pleasure out of my dick, which was still recovering from my first orgasm. It had gone somewhat numb, but the scene in front of me demanded that I respond to it. The combination of mental and physical stimulation pushed my throbbing dick to its second orgasm. I grunted and staggered as the powerful orgasm hit, cum dribbling out onto Nicole's body below me.

As I came back to my senses I was aware that Nicole had gone over the edge as well, she was gasping and bucking her hips against Alice's breast, her hands kneading her own breasts and pulling at her nipples as she orgasmed. When it was over she laid her damp head back in the kiddie pool, looking completely satisfied.

Alice rose unsteadily to her feet, and then thrust her arms in the air. "I win!" She shouted, her glistening breasts jiggling. Without another word she walked off towards the bedroom.

I locked eyes with Nicole. I thought of the 'instructional' videos they told me that they watched. "Does losing the sexfight mean what I think it means?" I asked her. Nicole nodded at me dreamily.

I heard Alice rummaging around in the bedroom, and after a few minutes she returned, wearing a strap on dildo. "This was the other thing we picked up for tonight," Alice said, placing her hands on her hips and thrusting the dildo out at me. It was longer and thicker than I was, probably eight or nine inches of lifelike rubber cock. Alice moved until she was beside me standing over Nicole. "Okay, loser," she said, "Get up and suck it."
