 This story is the first of a 3-part series. It opens after a night of the hottest sex Nan and her husband Jimmy have had in decades. Neither of them knows quite where to go from here, or whether they're ready to branch out into the lifestyle. If you haven't read them already, Nan is introduced in the stories: "Four for Friday"  and "Nan Breaks Out".

And if you want a longer back story, the 9-part "Petey and Beebe" series takes Nan's mom back to age 18 and works forward. 

Happy reading, and as always feel free to comment at the end or PM me. Valendon

Saturday Morning

"I've gotta say, hon, you're taking this way differently than I was afraid you might. I'm relieved and I'm happy--hell, I'm more than happy; I'm freakin' ecstatic! But tell me for real--are you all the way OK with me licking the occasional pussy? Because I swear I won't ever again if you have any reservations." As I paused he started to answer, but I went on: "And are you still OK this morning with dirty talk? I'm worried you're maybe giving me more slack than you want to. Orrrrr--" I drew out the word as an idea popped into my head, "have I tumbled into a fantasy you've never told me about?" I smiled and raised my eyebrow. The last part of the question hung in the air.

"Ahhhh--well, um, I'll admit to liking girl-girl porn. And other stuff. I've been sneaking online to watch porn a couple of times a week. But no, I've never seriously nurtured a wish that you'd go muff-diving; much less have a 3-way. Not that I'm opposed to the idea---" Jimmy was turning red and looked like he was on the verge of saying more.

"And . . .?" I encouraged.

"I've, um, been carrying some guilt of my own. Somehow this, I mean your lesbian stuff, this seemed to let me off the hook. Kinda."

My stomach tied itself in a knot.

"Jim," I asked softly, "are you having an affair? I mean, you're right--you're off the hook for anything and everything. Really. I can't get all huffy about anything you've done after what I just did. But I think you should tell me, OK?"

My emotions went into a roiling turmoil. I'd never had an inkling Jimmy was screwing around on me. He travelled a lot, so he had the opportunity. Oh Shit! Has he been fucking hookers? In the few seconds before he answered, my mind went through half a dozen possibilities, and I knew I had no leg to stand on, but damn! Was I about to get a taste of my own medicine? I certainly deserved it, but fuck--I didn't want it to be true. My whole body was clinched.

"No--NO!! Hon, nothing like that! I've NEVER been with anyone but you, I swear, and right now I'd tell you if I had. Really I would."

"What, then?" I let myself exhale, but I asked a little too anxiously.

"We went to some titty bars this trip, and I had some lap dances--that's all. I mean, it felt to me like cheating--the women were all the way nude and they were all the hell over me, but. . . Shit. It still feels like it was cheating. But when you told me about your adventures, I felt like I was off the hook. It didn't seem quite so over the top any more, especially since I didn't really have sex with any of them."

I finally relaxed and leaned back in my chair and smiled at my sweet Jimmy. And then I giggled. Just a little, then smiled and shook my head.

"Yeah, I think you're off the hook, hon" I finally managed. My giggle widened into a laugh, and Jimmy relaxed too. Then we were both laughing so hard tears began to form! It wasn't all that funny, but the release of raucous laughter was unstoppable and it felt wonderful.

"So tell me about the dancers," I leaned forward eagerly as I regained a little control. "How does it work in a titty bar anyway? I mean do you just go up to a girl and say "I'd like a lap dance please?"

"God no--it's takes way less effort than that! The girls ask and offer. The guys just say yes or no."

"And you said yes, of course, or you wouldn't be feeling guilty! Go on--spill it! Tell me all the lurid details!"

"OK," he relaxed, sitting back. "Here was the deal. Umm, you don't want to know how we decided to go, right? Just how strippers work?"

I shook my head. "I can guess how you 3 horn dogs talked yourselves into thinking it was a good idea. Just gimme the hot stuff."

"OK. So we went to 3 bars total, and they all worked about the same way. In the first one the girls kept g-strings on, but in the other two they were all the way nude. There are 3, um, levels, I guess you'd call 'em. Or maybe 4, but I'm not sure if the guys were bullshitting me about that one. So anyway, you walk in and there are stages that take up the main part of the room, and then small tables and chairs surrounding the stages. The girls would come out on stage and dance for 3 songs. "Dance" may be overstating it. They'd strip gradually through the set. Most of them were nude by the end of the 2nd number but some strung it out till the middle of the last one. There are seats around the stages too, and guys could go up and offer a tip to get themselves an up-close and personal look. They'd usually get some contact too."

"So you got up close and personal, I'd wager. How close and how personal, hmm?" I interrupted.

"Yeah, after I'd had a couple of beers and watched everyone else do it, it didn't seem so outrageous anymore. I went up to a stage and tipped a girl 5 bucks. She sat right in front of me and spread her legs and rolled all around for a while. She rubbed her tits in my face, kissed my cheek and whispered "thank you" in my ear, all breathy, ya' know?"

"Were they nice tits? Was she shaved?" I pressed, still getting into his story. Unconsciously, my hand started rubbing my nipple.

"Pretty nice. Kind of on the small side, but very firm. She was young, slender. And she was shaved, in fact almost all the girls were. A few had little patches left, but nothing like a good, natural bush. That one on stage had some stubble, and a few stray hairs up around her asshole."

"Damn! You could see stray hairs? She really must have been close! Did she seem nervous?"

"Not in the least. In fact she was pretty aggressive."

"How would you like it if I shaved my bush?"

"Personally, I like bush. And I especially like your bush," Jimmy said with a grin, "but if you wanted to try it I'd be OK. It might even be fun if I helped you."

"How about I help you too? Would ya' let me stoke your crotch with a razor? Don't answer that yet. So that was it? Where did the lap dances come from?" I wanted to complete the mental image I had of a strip club before I went off-topic.

"That's the 2nd level. After they'd finish a set the girls would put their g-strings back on and walk around the room topless asking guys if they'd like a table dance. Another 5 bucks gets you a few minutes of a lap dance and they rub their tittys around on you some more. She rubbed her nipples right over my lips!"

"Did she slip her g-string back off for that?" I wanted to know when the nude "all over" him happened.

"No--that would be the third level, a 'private dance.' That's where they take you back to an area that's semi secluded. There were maybe 10 or 12 booths. I couldn't see into the other ones, and they couldn't see into mine, but the booths are only closed on 3 sides. That's where I got the works. They kept g-strings on for the table dances but for a private dance they're all nude again."

"How far do they go?" I wanted to know. "Did she play with your dick?" I was getting a little wet. My hand slid down to play with my clit.

"No--not with her hands anyway. And I stayed zipped. But she knelt between my legs and ran her forehead around on my crotch, and her chin and her cheeks too. She used her knees, elbows, ass, chin--anything but her hands. She had her hands everywhere else, though. Even unbuttoned my shirt and played with my nipples!"

"Were you hard? How long did she work on you? Did you cum?" I asked in rapid fire, eager for more. I was getting worked up thinking about this.

"Surprisingly enough I wasn't hard when she led me back there. It was weird! There were dozens of naked women around, but it just didn't seem erotic. Not even when the stage girl rubbed her tits in my face. I liked it--but no wood. I sure got hard in the booth after she climbed into my lap, though. She even took my hands and put them on her tits and let me grab her ass. She only warned me not to touch her pussy--that she'd have the bouncer throw me out if I did. She had some great ones."

"Wait--" I said, picking up an inconsistency, "she had 'great ones' so it was a different girl for the private dance, not the one from the stage? Did you cum?"

"Nope--blue ball city."

"Damn--sorry. What'd it cost?"

"Each song, each "dance" I guess, was $30. I bought one song the first time and tipped an extra $10. The next time I bought 2 songs and tipped an extra $20. Jay said I was too extravagant on the tips--he didn't give his private dance any tip at all, and it sounded like he got about the same thing I did. They'd offer to stay for more songs each time, "You want another one, honey?" but I was feeling like I'd already overspent and I was on the edge of cumming in my pants, so I didn't take any more."

"Were the girls pretty? How old were they?"

"Most of the dancers were young--maybe 18 to 22. They were all pretty, but in different ways. Most of them were very, very fit--I guess they get plenty of exercise. I think it was because they were so young I didn't get a boner right away, you know? They were our girls' ages, for the most part. And none of them matched your knockers, Nan. The ones that I went back with for a private dance were older--probably mid-30's. Women rather than girls, right? There was something almost artificial about the young ones--the ones with a few years on them seemed more real."

"So it was pretty hot, huh?" I asked, grinning. Under the table I had two fingers in my pussy. "You hard now?"

"I've got a reasonable semi," Jim smiled back.

"You think a dancer would work on both of us at the same time?" I asked.

Jimmy's eyes widened.

"Holy SHIT! I'm still getting used to your liking girls--that didn't even enter my mind. But yeah, probably. I mean, the accurate answer is "I don't know" I didn't see any women customers when I was there. But I'd lay odds they would--at least some of them. I'm guessing they wouldn't approach us as a couple unless they were OK with bi-stuff."

"Something to think about, then!" I concluded. "Might be a good way to see how we get along with the idea of a 3-way?"

"It would sure cut down on the risk of awkward relationships, wouldn't it," Jimmy agreed. "I don't think we could fuck one in the club, though."

We'd said "fuck" to each other more times in the last 24 hours than we had in our whole married life! It was getting almost casual now, but still had a nice, naughty feel to it.

"We may need to take a trip down to Hot-lanta sometime soon," I encouraged. "I'll let you do the planning. Surprise me if you want, but give me a little time to pack."

"Hey Nan?" Jimmy asked with a big ol' shit-eating grin on his face. I had a feeling what was coming next.

"Yeah, babe?"

"Wanna fuck?

In fact, I did! And we did! A quickie, with lots of noise, right on the kitchen table--another first for us, as far as I could remember. I don't think we'd ever done it in the kitchen! Jimmy came in just a few minutes, and at first I was disappointed. But then after only the smallest hesitation, he dived in and finished me off with his tongue, licking his load back out of my pussy. A girl could get used to starting her weekends like this!

Monday

At work Annie came by my office just before lunchtime. I was intently editing a report and didn't realize anyone was in the room. I startled when she spoke.

"Earth to Nan!"

"Annie! Sorry!" My head snapped up as I re-focused. "Didn't hear you come in! What's up?" I was expecting a work-related question, but hoped it was something else.

"Just wanted to see if you'd like to grab lunch? I'm heading over to Maldonado's. Wanna come? They have a nice salad bar."

I hesitated.

"It's cool if you're busy--just thought I'd check."

I did need to talk with Annie. It was the spontaneous tryst with her that had sent me tearing up to my mom's place to work out whether I was a lesbian. What an adventure THAT turned out to be! Turning the memory over in my head, I found I still had some of the residual embarrassment about Annie I'd felt the next morning.

Christ! I was looking right through Annie's lab coat and slacks, visualizing her slender build and furry red pussy. My new boldness, or maybe just plain old lust, won out.

"Actually, that sounds lovely," I said, as coolly as I could manage. "You sure we'll have enough time to get back through the security checks? I've got a 1:30 with some people from AECL."

"Shouldn't be a problem--I'm usually out and back in 50 minutes. That should give you a 30 minute pad. OK?"

"Let's hit the road!"

In the car, we exchanged awkward small talk for a while.

"Are we OK?" Annie finally asked.

"I am if you are, Annie," I answered softly.

"I'm not trying to come on to you," Annie continued, "I just thought you looked pretty rattled the next morning, and then you weren't at work for a while. I'm guessing our night together shook you up pretty seriously?"

"Yeah, it did. Enough that I made a flying trip up to my Mom's place in Chicago. I'm OK now, though. Pretty much, anyway."

"So you told your Mom about having a fling with me?"

I gave a quick laugh!

"And?" Annie pressed.

"And---I also told my Aunt Kathy. Both of them knew I had a lesbian fling in college. It also came out later to Kathy's guy. And my mom's husband. And the woman that all 4 of them made love with the weekend I chose to stumble in on them!! And while I'm on a roll, all 6 of us ended up naked playing truth or dare and I spent the night getting an advanced course in lesbian lovemaking from their friend!"

Annie blew out a long breath and looked at me, wide-eyed.

"Watch the road, Annie! And when Jimmy got back Friday night? I met him at the door and seduced him. We had the hottest sex in . . ." I struggled for an accurate description, ". . . decades! After we'd gone at it for a while, I told him everything--my night with you, my carryings-on at mom's--everything. I was scared shitless that he'd leave me but the guilt had been crushing me ever since the next morning at your place. All week long I'd felt sick and ashamed and anxious. I was having trouble sleeping; I cleaned the house like 3 times on nervous energy. I decided I had to, but telling him was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life!! Turned out it was the right call, though."

Damn!" Annie said almost under her breath. "I don't think I'll have much work to do consoling you, then? About having a fling with a woman and regretting it so deeply you never want to see her again?"

"Oh, I think I'll be OK, given time," I teased.

"Actually," I went on, "Jimmy and I are talking about trying a 3-way with another woman, or exploring sex with another couple. That's one of the things I meant about "being the right call." We're not going to run right out and try to line someone up, but we're talking about it. And we're talking to each other on a whole new level about sex. Any advice for me about heading down that road? Is that something you've ever explored?"

Annie's eyes flew open again.

"Nan! Are you coming on to me? Are you asking if I do guys too?"

"Watch the road Annie! All I really want is to talk, just in general, about swinging (if they still call it that) with someone I trust. I do trust you, and I wondered if you might have some insight. But yeah, if you're interested it's something that sounds damned hot to me. I'm not gonna play solo any more though. Things are OK with Jimmy, hell, they're great! But we promised never to go out on our own. I can't say I'm all the way over my guilt, and I sure don't want any more. If I'm wrong about any of that, I really apologize."

The car was quiet for a bit. I couldn't read Annie's expression.

"Sooooo--DO you swing both ways?" I continued.

"Not very often," Annie replied. We pulled up to the restaurant and that thread of conversation dropped.

We made our salads and headed for a remote table. Maldonado's was noisy enough to chance a little more conversation at the table without being spied on.

"Annie, I hope I'm not putting you on the spot. It's just----well, like I said, I trust you. And I'm heading out into places I've never been."

"It's OK, Nan. And you're on target--I do "swing" and yes, that's still what they call it. Or "being in the lifestyle." Mostly, I hook up with single women. Maybe once every other month, and not often with the same person for more than a few times. Once or twice a year I'll play with a couple, but it doesn't take much for a guy to turn me off. It's worst with guys that want to be in charge and direct us like we're in a porno shoot or something. I've been known to pick up my things and walk out. And I don't much like kissing men. But sometimes it works."

"So, how on earth do you find other people?" I wanted to know.

"Used to be a huge challenge," she said, leaning on the hyuuuuuuuge. "Adult bookstores carried underground newspapers or magazines with ads, but now there's the internet. I use a site called Central Swingers Connection that matches people online. I usually don't play in town--I'll drive to Nashville or Atlanta or Louisville to get outside the area where I might run into someone I know. I don't have to tell you the risks of being outed, though it's not as bad as it used to be."

"Isn't it still awfully risky? I mean with disease or getting robbed or raped?"

"It is. But I haven't had any truly bad experiences. I see my gyno 4 times a year and she does blood work for me. I carry a lab report with me, and insist anyone I meet does the same. On the rare times I let a guy fuck me, he's got to wear a condom. Sometimes that scares people away, but I never make exceptions. I've never caught anything, knock on wood. And I always meet for drinks first. I never dash right on over to a hotel with someone I just met. And I stay as anonymous as I can until I get a sense for who I'm with. I'd say I bail out of at least 80% of the meet-ups that begin online. And I have never, ever had someone in my condo from an online contact. I keep a PO Box in Lenoir City in case I need to give an address."

"So I was the exception rather than the rule?" I asked.

"That was extraordinary, Nan. I can't say it's never happened, but in 10 years, you're only the third lover that's happened with. The spontaneous part, I mean. I've had some live-ins from time to time."

"Wow." I let that sink in for a bit.

"Does it cost for the web site?" I asked, returning to the process of swinging. "Can you just go in and look?"

"It's free--and people put up loads of pictures. There are two photo areas--public and private. Anyone can see the public ones, but people have to give you individual access to their private shots." She gave me the URL.

"Can I see your pictures on there?"

"You can't see my face in any of the shots. I have some clothed shots in the public section where my face is hidden. There are a couple of nudies in the private section, again, not showing my face. Mine are pretty tame in comparison to others. Some people post their nudies with their faces showing right in the public section--even pics of having sex. I just think that's inviting trouble. My screen name is "Condition Red-69." There's a search box that will let you find me. There's a private messaging system built in, so give me a request if you get registered and I'll let you see the private album."
