 Elizabeth eased right into the family routines fairly well. She no longer glanced away if one of us was doing Ma in the yard. Instead, she would smile and wave on her way to fetching water or digging in the garden. Elizabeth also seemed at ease with her own nudity, to the point where she would often initiate conversations dealing with sex and such. It seemed she was most comfortable discussing these issues at dinner when we were all together.

Three days after Elizabeth exposed herself to us, she started a curious dialogue just as we finished eating. I noticed she started by looking at Ma, who nodded and smiled.

"I spoke with Aunt Sara today about... well, about my nudity and being here and learning to live in this... unusual situation." Elizabeth looked across the table at Richard and me. "I told you before that I've only been with a man once, and that was a very brief experience. The first time I saw a penis, and actually touched one, too, was when I was helping Tommy with the splinters."

"I'm still not sure I'm ready for... to have sex yet, although I've enjoyed watching you with Aunt Sara. I've seen each of you somewhat, with your pants down, I mean. Tonight, before you start, uh, doing her, I would like to touch each of you; I mean, get a closer look at your bodies. If that would make you uncomfortable, we don't have to do it. Aunt Sara said you've only been with her, so maybe you're not ready for another woman seeing you up close, or touching you. That is, unless Tommy's got more splinters for me to find!" All of us burst out laughing.

"I really want to see what it's like. And then, I would like you to do the same for me. I want to know what it feels like to have a man's, well, men's hands all over my body. If we did that several times, it might make me more comfortable doing sex. It won't be all at once. Tonight, we can just touch, if that's alright. I mean, we probably shouldn't lick or anything just yet." She looked around at us nervously to get our reactions.

"Do we get to look under that dark patch over your crotch?" I blurted out, embarrassing myself again. I glanced at Richard. "Ma's hair is light there, and it's easy to see her... pussy. But none of us can tell what yours looks like. And since we've only ever seen Ma's, we don't know if they are all the same or different." Richard poked me with his elbow.

Elizabeth blushed. "I hadn't really thought of that." She looked over at Ma for reassurance. "I suppose it would be alright tonight. I know I'll have to show it to somebody sometime. And based on what happened the other day with the Apaches, they would do a lot more than look at it! Perhaps it would be good to do that tonight; it would probably get me much closer to being ready for actually having you... fuck me."

Pa spoke to Elizabeth. "I don't see any problem with what you want to do. We know it's kind of strange living here, and Sara and I want you to be comfortable." He stood up to show he was ready.

The rest of us stood; Ma told us to clean up later. We all went outside. Elizabeth went off the porch a little ways and turned around. "Uncle Joseph, could I start with you? I mean, could you strip and come out here in the sunlight, please?"

Pa got naked, and walked over in front of Elizabeth. She looked him up and down, then reached out to rub her hands over the hair on his chest. She got down on her knees and gently lifted his pecker. We could see her stroking the tip with her thumb; her other hand went under to feel his ball sack. Elizabeth watched as his penis slowly grew in her hand; she looked up to see Pa's reaction.

"It's alright, Elizabeth. That's what happens to a man when he gets... interested. It's natural; don't worry about it."

She lifted it up to look at the base, then held his testicles up to examine them more closely. By then a drop of liquid appeared at the tip of Pa's penis. "That's normal, too," he told her.

"Can I touch it?" she asked. When he nodded approval, she used her thumb to softly smear it over the head. "It's really slick, kind of slimy. Does that feel good when I do it?"

Pa told her it was nice. He looked over at Ma, sitting in her chair on the porch. "Sara often does that to us with her tongue. It's a good feeling."

She hesitated, then touched her tongue to the very tip. "It's kind of salty; an odd taste. I suppose you can get used to it, can't you Aunt Sara?"

Ma nodded. "Yes. I think you'll really enjoy it after you try it. It's something I really like doing to them."

Elizabeth released his penis, and sat back on her legs. "Thank you, Uncle Joseph. I'm glad I finally got to do that." She looked over at Richard, who was already getting undressed. Pa walked back to the porch and sat next to Ma while Richard took his place.

Elizabeth examined the three of us in the same manner. It was hard for me not to cum all over her now that my penis wasn't as sore.

"Why don't you lay on the blanket, Elizabeth?" Ma invited. "It will be easier for the boys to look at you."

Elizabeth walked over and stood on the blanket. "Can you start with my back, my rear, before you touch my... titties or pussy, please?" When we all showed our agreement, she lay face down, and spread her legs slightly.

Pa was first. He straddled her below her butt, and started gently massaging her shoulders. He moved to her lower back, then cupped her butt in his big hands. Pa gently squeezed, and slowly separated her ass cheeks to look inside. At first we could see Elizabeth clinch her butt, but quickly relaxed so he could examine her more closely. He ran a finger down her crack, and stopped above her asshole. Then he circled around until the finger was centered, left it there for a moment before moving down and rubbing her thighs and the rest of her legs. He even took the time to massage her feet. Pa knew how to relax a woman!

Richard, Harold and I watched closely, and repeated the process. All of us had touched Ma all over, but we'd never given her a rub down like this before.

"Are you ready for the other side?" Ma asked quietly. When Elizabeth rose up and nodded her head, Ma said, "Just lay back and relax. If you spread your legs wide, I think you will enjoy it more. I know the boys will! They all want to get a close look at your pussy."

Elizabeth was on her back, looking at the porch ceiling. Her perky tits were pointed almost straight up, nipples sticking way out. Her legs were spread wide like Ma suggested; her knees up, her feet flat on the floor. We could see the folds of her pussy now!

Pa started with her shoulders, and then spent quite a bit of time playing with her tits. He cupped them, pulled and gently pinched her nipples before moving to her stomach. His next move was down one thigh to her foot, rubbing it again, then from her other foot back up her thigh. He paused before touching the top of her pubic hair; she flinched slightly at first, but didn't object or try to move away.

We watched closely as Pa brushed his fingers across the top of her hair without actually touching her skin. Elizabeth moaned and clinched her fists, but otherwise stayed still. Pa placed a finger on either side of her crotch, where her stomach joined her legs. He moved his hands very slowly toward the point where they came together. He paused, then used his thumbs to rub the lips of her cunt, gently separating them as he went. Pa got closer so he could see the inner lips and look for her clitoris. He rubbed her inner lips for a moment before backing away for Richard.

He started the same as Pa, with her shoulders again. When he reached her pussy and spread her lips, he let his thumb touch her clit. Elizabeth flinched a little, and let out a small squeak. Harold followed Richard; I was last. 

The mound of her pussy and the outer lips were smaller than Ma's, not as puffy or thick. The inner lips weren't sticking out as far as Ma's did. Below the pubic hair, her cunt was soft and smooth. The inside of her cunt glistened, wet with her juices by the time I got there. I got some of her juice on the tip of a finger, and wiped it over her clit in small circles before moving back to join my brothers and Pa.

Elizabeth lay there with her legs still wide open; it almost seemed like she dozed off.

"Are you alright, honey?" Ma asked. "How did it feel?"

She slowly sat up, leaned back on her hands, making no effort to close her legs together. We'd already seen it and touched it, so there was no reason to try and conceal it. "I... that was very, very nice, Aunt Sara. Thank you, all of you. I don't think it will take very long before I'm ready for sex. Could we do this again tomorrow after dinner?"

"That would be fine," Ma responded. "But right now, I need to get on the blanket and take care of these hard peckers you've created!"

Elizabeth looked to our crotches to notice how they were sticking out. She looked at Ma, "I did that to them? How?"

"Men's peckers get hard like that when they think about fucking; it's just the way things are, the way they are supposed to be. It's like Uncle Joseph said when you kissed his penis. But it's very uncomfortable for them to get like that without being able to cum," Ma explained.

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to hurt anyone!" Elizabeth was worried she did something wrong.

"It's fine, Elizabeth, we all knew this would happen," Pa reassured her. "We wanted it to happen. Now Aunt Sara is just going to help us finish, that's all."

Ma got on her knees on the blanket. "My cunt and titties are still sore, so I'm just going to suck them tonight. You can sit next to me and watch if you like, Elizabeth."

She moved to lean back against the wall beside Ma, her legs still spread and her tits still looking pointing almost straight out and pretty. 

Pa stepped up to Ma, who took his penis in her hand and started licking the tip, then all the way down to the base and back. She gently massaged his balls with the other hand. 

Elizabeth leaned forward for a better view.

"Now I'm going to put the whole thing in my mouth until he cums," Ma explained. "When that happens, I'm going to keep sucking and swallowing until he's done. Then I'll lick him clean and do Richard. If you ever decide to suck a man's dick, it may take some practice before you're able to swallow his cum without choking or gagging. That's normal, too."

Elizabeth paid close attention, watching Ma suck until Pa groaned and pushed his crotch forward into Ma's face. We could see her cheeks and throat fluctuate as she sucked Pa dry. She licked him clean, kissed the tip of his dick once then looked up and smiled at Pa. "Just as good as ever, Joseph. Richard, please take your Pa's place."

After playing with Elizabeth's pussy for the first time, the three boys took less than a couple of minutes each to explode in Ma's mouth. She swallowed a lot in a very short time; much quicker than she was used to. After she finished me, she leaned back on her hands, knees apart as usual.

"That was very nice, too," Ma told Elizabeth. "My pussy gets really wet doing that to men. Most of the time it gets wet just thinking about doing that to them!"

"I might have to try that some time," Elizabeth teased. We all headed into the cabin to clean up dinner and get ready for bed.

****

It only took a week of playing with Elizabeth's body before she was ready for us to suck on her pussy. I got to go first! After massaging her just like Pa showed us, she asked if I would mind licking her the way she'd watched us do Ma. I didn't even have to think about it; I buried my face in the dark hair. I licked the inside of her up and down several times before sucking on her clit. Elizabeth pushed down on the back of my head in encouragement. In no time at all, she was enthusiastically fucking my face. She shuddered and let out a loud, very loud groan. I guess Ma told her there was no use holding back when she came in front of us.

As I got up, her knees lowered almost to the floor; she reached up for Richard to do her next. She came again with him; then with Harold and twice when Pa did her.

She laid there and looked up at Ma. "Aunt Sara, if your pussy is still too sore tonight, I think I'm ready for them to do me... I mean, fuck mine. I'm really wet, and came several times. I believe I'm ready to see what it feels like. Is that alright?"

Ma smiled at her and said, "I thought you might be ready tonight, too. I couldn't imagine getting my cunt sucked on without wanting a pecker in there pretty damn quick!"

Elizabeth beckoned Harold to get between her legs. She reached forward and guided him in just like she'd seen Ma do dozens of times. "Go slowly at first, Harold. I really want to do this; I think I need to do this. But I want to get used to it so I can enjoy having you in me."

We watched as Harold eased into her. She sighed a little each time he moved in a little farther. Finally, he was all the way in. "Do you want me to start now?" he asked.

"Wait just a minute like that. It feels really good in there." We waited while she adjusted her legs, pulling her knees farther apart and pointing her toes toward the ceiling. "Now. Please start now."

Harold started in and out slowly, then picked up the pace as she responded. Elizabeth gazed up at us watching her and smiled back. She kept looking at us while she was getting fucked. She must be like Ma; did all women like being watched doing it? She came just before Harold emptied into her; she let out a small shriek and grabbed his ass, pulling him in tighter.

He waited awhile before he pulled out. Elizabeth gave him a big smile and whispered, "Thank you!" She reached out for Richard, and guided him in. Pa was next; I was last, when she was really sloppy. I didn't mind at all. Ma was almost always sloppy like that when we did her.

As Elizabeth lay there exhausted, Ma sat on the floor next to her and gently rubbed her titties. "I told you it was good," Ma chuckled.

"I should have listened to you sooner," Elizabeth said with a big grin. "Now I understand, and I want to do it every day, just like you. Aunt Sara, you don't mind sharing, do you?"

Ma looked around at the rest of us. "No, I'm pretty sure they have more than enough cum for the two of us.

We waited until the following night to fuck Elizabeth again. After that, Ma wanted us to do her ass, which we gladly obliged. Elizabeth wasn't ready to try that yet.

The next day, Elizabeth started coming up to us in the yard or by the corral, and fondled us in the same way Ma did. We were pleasantly surprised the first time when she leaned over to hold onto a fence post, spread her legs and look over her shoulder, wiggling her ass for Harold. We each did her once a day, then again after dinner, for about two weeks. Elizabeth got to where she would stop us two or three times a day; she had taken up Ma's routine.

By then Ma's pussy was fine, and every once in awhile I'd be fucking one of them and look across the yard at the other one getting fucked at the same time. We weren't too surprised when Elizabeth brought up another subject at dinner.

"I think I'm ready to try it in the ass, and I want to see what it's like to suck on a dick. Can we try that tonight?" she asked.

Ma nodded, but suggested, "Let's start with the sucking, first. The other end might take more time to get used to."

We followed Ma out to the porch. Elizabeth crawled on the blanket, up on her knees. She reached for Richard, who was closest, then unbuckled and lowered his britches. She gazed at his pecker for a moment before taking it in her hand and raising it to her lips. After kissing the tip like she had before, she looked up at Richard and over at Ma.

She started by licking the end, then up and down the base like Ma showed her before. Elizabeth hesitated before covering the tip with her mouth, going back and forth a couple of times before saying, "That's not so bad." 

She continued sucking; we were all waiting to see what her reaction would be when Richard began to burst in her mouth. "Should I just swirl my tongue around the top, Aunt Sara?"

"That's the best way, I believe. But try to suck on it at the same time you're doing that," Ma advised.

Elizabeth appeared a little confused; she turned back to Richard and continued sucking and licking until he started pumping. She took her mouth off just before he exploded; it shot out so fast she didn't have time to turn away. In just seconds, she had cum hanging off one ear, her chin, her eyebrow and stuck in her hair. We couldn't help laughing.

She was a good sport about it, and grinned back at us. "What did I do wrong?" she asked.

Ma was still chuckling when she responded, "That's the part you're supposed to swallow, honey. It's alright, though, you'll get used to it. I think you'll probably learn to like it, too. Keep your mouth on it the whole time. When it starts to come out, let it hit the roof of your mouth, then swallow. This should keep you from gagging or choking."

"I thought I was hurting Richard when he started going back and forth," she replied. "Let me try it again with Harold." He walked in front of her so she could undo his pants and get to the target. She was not hesitant this time; she started licking and sucking right away. 

Elizabeth also played with his balls with her other hand. It only took two, maybe three, minutes for Harold to cum. She began swallowing, like she was guzzling a pitcher of lemonade. When he was done, he pulled back. A small white string hung between them for a second, then dropped to her chin and neck.

"How was that?" Elizabeth beamed, obviously proud of herself. We were still clapping in support as she reached for Pa. It took longer for him; he had many more years of practice. This time, she sucked him clean before he pulled out; nothing dripped. "I am starting to like this. And my pussy is getting really wet. Can we fuck after I do Tommy?"

"Give them a little while to reload. But I'm sure one or more of them would love to chew on your cunt while you're waiting," Ma told her.

My pants were around my knees before I turned back to look down at Elizabeth. Like Harold, in no time at all I was humping and letting loose. Her tongue and mouth were wonderful; soft and gentle. But she sucked really hard just as I was cumming. Ma must have given her pointers before tonight. She cleaned me up, and kissed the tip one more time before I pulled my britches back up.

Elizabeth lay back on the blanket, knees apart, with her hand in her crotch, fingering herself. Richard was the first to take the cue; his face was there before the rest of us could move. She was already moaning and gyrating her hips before he really got going. All of a sudden, Elizabeth put her hands flat on the floor, wrapped her legs around his head and squeezed. Her ass was bouncing off the floor; she was shaking her head back and forth and "howling like a coyote." As soon as she relaxed, Richard sat back, gasping for air.

"That was pretty good, huh?" he asked.

"Oh, yes, that was mighty good, in fact." She fondled his hair, and asked, "Anybody else want to suck on me a little before I get to some serious fucking? I'm not holding anything back tonight!"

"We kind of got that impression!" Ma observed slyly.

"Aunt Sara, what a night! I'm sorry I waited so long to do this. I want all of you to do my ass tomorrow, after I suck you, that is," Elizabeth said as she guided Pa's face between her legs. 

I looked over and noticed that Richard was already getting hard again. If Harold and I wanted to chew on her pussy tonight, we better be quick about it. Or we could wait and clean her up after we got done fucking her. As it turned out, we did both.

****

The next night at dinner, Ma led the way out of the door and told Harold to get some lard so she could get Elizabeth's ass ready. She took the jar and gave us all instructions.
