 Nan - Lesson 2 - Paul shows Nan what it's all about!

By OneWhoKnows ©

Susie couldn't wait to tell Paul all about the girls only party. She was waiting for him at his apartment when he got home late Sunday afternoon. She wanted to see the expression on his face, when she told him he was going to get to fuck Nancy.

"Hi, Sweety! Thank you so much, for letting me have my girls only party here. You won't believe how I'm going to thank you."

"Hi, Honey! God I missed you! And I'll bet I can guess how you're going to thank me."

"Not a chance in hell, Lover! But you can try."

"You're going to thank me by fucking my brains out."

"No, I'm going to thank you… by letting you fuck…

Nancy's brains out!! She wants you to be her first!"

"HOLY SHIT!! REALLY?"

"Yes, we gave her four beers, watched one of your movies, and told naughty little stories about what the rest of us have been doing. 

She was really relaxed, and really curious, so we teamed up on her. We undressed her, tied her down on your four poster, and showed her how much fun sex can be. Then we all just played around some. She wants to play catch-up! I'm sure you're willing to help out."

"Damn right! When do we start?"

"I told her you were all mine for a few days, but that we would set something up for Friday night. Think you can wait that long?"

"Oh, yeah. I'll just keep myself busy, pleasuring you. Let's start about right now." He picked her up, carried her to the bedroom, and put her down. "Strip!" As he started peeling off his clothes.

They finished in a tie, as her panties and his boxers hit the floor simultaneously. They laid down on the bed, wrapped their arms around each other, and started kissing passionately.

It was late when they finally quit playing and went to sleep. A weekend seemed like way too long a time to be apart. Susie spent the night at Paul's. Paul woke up with a good morning woodie, so they had a quick session before he had to go to work. They talked a little bit about what would be the best way to introduce Nan to sex.

Paul went to work, and Susie went home. She had been spending some nights at Paul's, so her parents weren't worried about her. After all, she was 20 years old.

It seemed like the week just flew by. About all Paul could think of all week, was what it was going to be like, getting to fuck sweet, virgin Nan. Naive, busty Nan. He was finally going to get to suck on those pink nipples, and see if he could make them poke out. He had thought about it at the pool party, and now he was going to get to do it!

Susie had called Nan, and told her to just come over to her house Friday evening as soon after she had eaten dinner as she could. That way her dinner could settle a little before they got started. Nan told her mom that she was spending the night with Susie. That was the truth. She just didn't say where!

Paul had planned ahead. He had bought a bottle Of Vodka and some orange juice. He wanted Nan to be relaxed, and beer took too long. 

He greeted them at the door. "Hi, Honey!" And gave her a big kiss.

"Hi, Nan!" And gave her a big kiss, which surprised her, but she didn't hesitate or resist.

Susie spoke, "Now, remember, Sweety, I'm your girlfriend. I'm only letting you play with Nan for this one night. We'll just have to wait and see if anything else ever happens."

"You know I love you, Honey. And I really love that you are willing to share me with your three best friends. I'm the luckiest guy in this town!"

Nan spoke shyly, "Paul, you know I've never done anything like this before. Please go slow and be gentle with me."

He answered, "I hear that the girls didn't go slow… or go easy on you, last weekend when I was gone."

Nan blushed, "Well, no…. but I was drunk."

Paul said, "I'm going to help you both relax, before we get started." He mixed a double shot screwdriver for Nan, and a single shot one for Susie, being careful to hand the right drink to each of them. 

He opened a coke for himself.

Susie asked, "Sweety, aren't you going to have a drink with us?"

He answered, "No, I want to keep things under control and not be impaired, so I'm just going to drink plain coke."

They went and sat down on the couch, with Paul in the middle. They talked a while, with Paul reassuring Nan that he would go slow and explain everything as it was happening. 

Nan was obviously nervous, because she drank her Vodka and OJ pretty fast. After a bit, Paul suggested they move to his bedroom.

The covers were turned down, and there was a towel spread in the middle of the bed. The lights were turned down low, and he had moved the big chair that he usually sat in to put his socks and shoes on, over by the bed.

He said, "Susie Honey, here's the chair you wanted, so you could just watch while Nan and I get comfortable."

She answered, "Okay." And sat down in the big chair. 

She was still dressed.

Paul said, "Nan, just relax. We're going to go easy. Let me help you get undressed."

She replied, "Okay. Susie, Are you going to just watch?" 

Susie replied, "Remember me telling you that Paul was all mine for a few days?

"Yeah, what about it?"

"Well, he just wore me out every night this week! I'm actually a little sore, so I'm just going to watch for now. I may join you a bit later."

Nan was getting pretty relaxed, from the Vodka. She held her arms up. And Paul removed her shirt. Then he unhooked her bra and laid it aside also. He helped her get her jeans and panties pushed halfway down, then she sat down on the bed. She leaned back on the bed, and held her legs up while Paul pulled her sandals. Jeans and panties off. She scooted over to the middle of the bed.

Here was a vision Paul had been thinking about all week. A lovely, well built, 20 year old virgin, wanting him to be her first, laying naked on his bed, and his girlfriend was going to let him.

He walked over to Susie, "Thank you, Honey, for being you and being willing to share me. Just relax for now, and let me get Nan started."

Susie answered , "Okay. Just be easy with her. Go slow like you did with me the first time. I'll join you in a bit."

Paul undressed and got on the bed. He leaned down over Nan, and started kissing her. Little soft kisses on her lips, her cheeks, down her neck, and finally on those wonderful Double D's of hers. She was squirming, but certainly enjoying his attention. 

He teased her for a few minutes, occasionally reaching down to rub the sparse bit of red hair on her mound. He hadn't touched her pussy yet.

He wanted her to be begging him to fuck her, before he entered her.

He looked over at his girlfriend in the chair. She just smiled at him, and took another sip of her drink. Right now he wanted to give all his attention to Nan and her first time. Yes, the girls had teased her and made her climax a couple of times. But this was going to be her first time with a guy. He wanted her to see it as making love, not just having sex.

He continued kissing her, massaging her breasts, sucking on those pink nipples that were now really poking out proudly, and rubbing her mound. Nan was cooing and purring. She was really happy, that Paul was being her first.

He rolled her onto her side, facing him. He scooted way up on the bed. He told her that they were going to start, by him showing her how nice it felt, to suck on a nice, hard cock. Nice for him, and something new for her. 

She was just relaxed enough from the Vodka, to go along with whatever Paul wanted, but still wide awake with anticipation. 

He showed her how he wanted her to suck and lick his cock, and let her practice for a few minutes. 

He thought, "Thank you again, Mary Alice! If you hadn't taught me self control, I'd be cumming buckets full right now!"

Paul told her, "I know you went down to Planned Parenthood, and have started taking the pill. But, until you've done it for a least a month, we need to use protection, to be sure you don't get pregnant.

She answered, "What ever you say. I trust you."

Finally he decided to move the session along. He rolled her onto her back, slipped a pillow under her ass, and moved down between her thighs. These were luscious, muscular thighs. And her skin was ohh soo soft. He carefully rolled a Trojan down over his rock hard cock.

He sat on his knees, and started playing with her outer lips. They responded by puffing out, revealing her inner lips which were pink and swollen. He gently pushed the hood up off her clit, and started rubbing little circles around it, being careful not to stimulate her button too much yet. She was moaning and her breathing was getting faster, each breath being just a quick little gasp of air.

He certainly didn't need any lubricant, she was dripping wet with anticipation. She was getting really close to her first orgasm, so he rubbed gently back and forth across her clit a couple of times, causing her to experience her first orgasm of the night. Her body shook, and she arched her pussy up to meet his fingers, wanting more.

He started teasing her pussy, just with the head of his cock, rubbing it up and down her slit a few times. Then as she started pushing up to meet him, he started pushing into her just a little bit. She was really excited, and started making all sorts of little sounds, none of which he could really understand. They weren't really words, just sounds of pleasure.

Finally he leaned down to kiss her tenderly on her lips. She responded by putting her hand on the back of his neck, and pulling him into a real deep kiss, just like Betsy had showed her. 

Paul whispered, "Nan, I'm going to slowly put my cock in your pussy now. Just relax and enjoy." 

She whispered back, "Okay!!"

Paul gently started pushing into her. Slowly stroking in and out, going a little deeper after every few strokes. It wasn't long before he was about half way in. "God she's tight!!" He thought.

She was moaning, "OOhhh! Ummmm! Oohhh!"

He kept just a slow steady stroking pace, going about half way in each time.

Her breathing started getting ragged. Her face was flushed, and she was turning pink a ways down her chest. Paul was up on his arms, so he could watch her, and so he could control the pace and how deep he went.

He knew from experience that she was right on the edge. Just ready to climax, but trying to wait and savor the intense feeling.

He backed out almost all the way. Her pussy muscles tightened, trying to hold on to him. He thrust hard into her cunt, burying his cock, balls deep in her. 

She screamed, "AAAAGGGHHH!! MMMMPPHH! OH, FUCK!!"

Paul withdrew about halfway, and thrust hard back into her, about a dozen times. Her muscles were contracting, squeezing his cock. She was moaning loudly, holding onto his arms, and pushing her pussy up to meet his thrusts. He couldn't wait any longer, and filled the Trojan, with a full, hot load. He lowered himself down to his elbows, holding her tightly, kissing her softly.

Susie was watching them from her chair. "Nan, are you okay?"

Nan took a deep breath, sighed, and replied, "Oh, yeah! I'm fine!!

Thank you so much, for letting Paul be my first."

Paul carefully pulled out, making sure he didn't lose a very full Trojan.

He said, "Nan, maybe some day, when you've been on the pill for a while, Susie will let us do this again, bareback, so you can feel how warm and wonderful a big load of cum really feels."

He got up, and went to the bathroom, to dispose of the Trojan, and to wash, being careful to get himself good and clean. He didn't want any little swimmers to be left behind!

Paul went from the bathroom to the kitchen, to get himself a cold beer! He'd earned it. When he walked back into the bedroom, Susie had undressed, and she and Nan were in a tangle of arms and legs, whispering to each other between kisses. He just sat down in the chair, sipping on his beer, and watched for a few minutes.

When his beer was empty, he got up, and walked over to the bed. 

"So, how is No-longer-a-virgin Nan feeling?"

"Oh, I'm feeling fantastic! You were wonderful. That was almost mean, teasing me and making me wait like that. But, Oh my God, when you did that first hard thrust into me, it was like a lightning bolt shot thru me! I had no idea that sex would feel like this. My mom had a little talk with me when I turned 16. She made it sound like sex was just something a woman had to do, for her husband, and to have children. She's wrong! Sex is recreation, Not just re-creation!"

Susie spoke, "Nan, I'm glad you enjoyed your first fuck! I'm sure Paul is going to want to do you again tonight, since I told him he only has permission to make love to you for tonight. Then, we're going to have to see about finding you a boyfriend. I don't mind sharing him once in a while, but not all the time!"

Paul sat down on the edge of the bed, next to Susie. Nan was on the far side. He leaned in to give his girlfriend a long slow kiss.

"Susie Honey, I love you! I'm so lucky to have you. I'm glad that you decided to have a pool party, because you wanted to try girls. Not only have you tried, Viki, Betsy, and Nan, I've gotten to have wild sex with all of them. We'll, wild sex with Viki and Betsy. I think we need to have a wild session right now, with the three of us."

Susie stood up, and pushed him over onto the bed, on his back.

"So, you want wild sex with both of us, huh? I rested on the first round. Now I'm ready to join in." 

She straddled him, guiding his already hard again cock into her waiting pussy. 

"I can ride you bareback! Let's see how long you can last. How many times can you make me climax, before you lose control and fill me with hot cum?"

Paul answered, "I went slow to show Nan how love is supposed to be made. Slow and gentle to start… Then fast and furious at the finish!

If you‘re ready, let‘s do it."

Susie answered, "I just watched, while you were giving Nan her very first ever, good lovin' session. Now, I want some! Nan, sit on his face."

Paul added, "Oh, yeah! Put your knees on each side of my head, spread them wide, and let me lick that sensitive pussy of yours."

Nan asked, "Which way should I face?"

Paul answered, "For this time, put your back to Susie. I can get at your pussy better that way. I want to really make you squirm."

Susie said, "That's okay, I'm going to squirm all over your cock, and see if I can distract you."

Nan got in position over Paul's face. She spread her knees wide, so her pussy was right on his mouth. He started teasing her outer lips, then her inner lips and her clit with his tongue. She didn't even last two minutes, before she had the first of several orgasms she would experience in the next 20 minutes. 

He would lick up and down, then suck on her clit and flick his tongue across it, then push his tongue as deep into her pussy as he could. Then do it all over, again and again. When he finished, she barely had the strength or energy to climb off his face, and collapse on the bed beside him.

Meanwhile, Susie was riding Paul's cock, like she was riding in a rodeo. But it was lots longer than any eight seconds! She had orgasm after orgasm, ‘til her juices were running down over his balls. He was still hard as a steel rod, his mind was still thinking about how tight Nan's pussy had been, and now how good it felt to have his girlfriend riding him with abandon. 

When Susie had her fourth or fifth orgasm, he wasn't counting, he thrust hard up into her, several quick, hard thrusts, sending spurt after spurt of his hot cum, deep into her cunt. 

He thought, "Damn! It feels so much better bareback."

Susie almost just fell over on the bed beside Paul. He was in heaven. Susie on one side of him, and Nan on the other. They just lay there resting for a while, talking just a little bit. Everyone was tired enough that they could have just gone to sleep, but Paul thought that if this was a one night only thing, he wanted to fuck Nan one more time!

He said, "Susie, why don't you let Nan lay down in the middle of the bed, with her ass up on a pillow. You can lean in from one side, and show her some more about how to deep kiss and tongue tease. I'm going to enjoy giving her another lesson in fucking! Only this time… I'm just going to see how many times I can make her cum."

He opened another Trojan and carefully rolled it down over his hard-on. He didn't want to forget to play safe, even though he was going to start by licking her pussy, 'til she begged him to fuck her.

Paul and Susie got up. Nan moved over to the middle of the bed, as Paul put a pillow under her ass. Susie sat down beside Nan, leaned down, and started kissing her. Paul got on his knees between Nan's lovely thighs. He started licking, nibbling, teasing, and then worked three fingers into her cunt. She was humping his fingers, pushing her pussy at him.

It was only a few minutes before Nan pulled her head back from Susie. "Damn it, Paul! Stop teasing and do me!"

Paul teased a little more with his fingers. "What do you want me to do, Nan?"

"Fuck me, Paul! Fuck me hard!"

Paul moved up and in one hard thrust, buried his cock in her. She came in that instant. Her vaginal muscles were clamping down on his cock as he thrust into her time after time, hard and fast. Her orgasms just ran together. She couldn't tell when one ended and the next one started. They were so close together, it was like she was having just one tremendous, intense orgasm. 

About five minutes was all she could stand. Susie was kissing her deep and long, making it hard for Nan to get her breath. 

Finally she jerked her head back, "ENOUGH! THAT'S ENOUGH!! 

I can't take any more! Ohhh! Daamnnn!"

Paul gave a couple more hard thrusts, making sure Nan was done in. He wasn't going to cum again this soon, so he'd had no trouble staying rock hard, thrusting hard. He pulled out carefully, making sure his Trojan stayed on. He made another trip to the bathroom, then came back to bed. 

He crawled in between the girls, put an arm around each one, and gave each one a nice good-night kiss. "This has been a wonderful evening. Thank you both."

Susie said, "I'm sure glad you're mine, Paul. If I knew someone else was getting all the good lovin' that I get, instead of me, I'd be really jealous. But, since I have no doubts that you are mine, I'll share once in a while."

Nan gathered her thoughts, "Susie, thank you for waking the sleeping, sex starved girl in me last weekend, and for letting Paul be my first.

Paul, I don't know how to thank you for showing me how much fun sex can be. Slow and gentle… or fast and furious. One little orgasm… or a whole bunch of intense ones. I'm going to have to get out and find a boyfriend!"

Paul answered, "Letting me be your first was all the thanks I need. You were a great student!"

As they all drifted off to sleep and sweet dreams, Paul thought, 

"I don't know when this might happen again… but I sure as hell hope that it happens again real soon." 

Author's note: Please vote. And feel free to leave a comment or send me an e-mail. OneWhoKnows