 I lived several years in a large Midwestern City. While some people think of the Midwest as Bible belt backwards and dry, I found it anything but. In fact I probably had more sexual adventures and escapades there than almost any other place I have lived.

For a single guy in his early thirties, getting into the Swinging scene isn't easy. Single men are in demand (lots of couples are looking for a second dick for the wife) but getting past the "screening process" is a bit tricky. First of all you have to be clean, pleasant, non-threatening, not pushy and reasonably well hung. (Truth: women are almost never looking for a smaller cock.) 

There was a bar in town that was primarily for gay & lesbian customers. But the female (lesbian) owner being a good business person recognized a great opportunity. There was an upstairs and a basement bar. She started opening the basement bar up to Swingers on weekends. Word spread and the bar became a local gathering place for area swingers. But I also found out that, informally, some members of the Swinging Community were coming into the bar on Wednesday nights to socialize. 

I started to drop in on Wednesdays, and over a couple of weeks I struck up conversations with some of the people there. I made it a point to be easy going and relaxed. As a result, they became more welcoming and friendly towards me. 

One couple in particular seemed to like me. I will call them "Bob" and "Carol". They were both in their late 40's. Bob wore wire rimmed glasses and was slender built with short salt & pepper hair that he combed back. Carol was about 5'5", slender built, short cut brown hair and small boobs. 

After a couple of different evenings spent talking and getting to know each other, they told me that they were members of a nudist resort located in a rural area about thirty miles away. They were planning on going out there this coming weekend and asked me if I would care to join them? I thought it over very carefully for about 1/10th of a second and said "yes"! 

Nonmember guests had to be pre-registered and the members that invited them were responsible for their behavior, so it really was a sign that they liked me. I gave them my information and they gave me directions. They were going up on Thursday evening and I agreed to join them Friday afternoon. 

Friday afternoon I put a few things in a bag (not much packing needed for a nudist resort) and headed out. When I arrived I was stopped at the front gate by a pleasant Security Guard wearing a polo shirt and short pants. I noticed a sign on the side of his guard shack that read "Clothing required beyond this point". I gave him my name and told him I was a guest of Bob & Carol. He check on his clip board and then made a call on his phone. When he hung up he pointed me to a small parking lot adjacent to the Guard Shack and told me to wait there for Bob. 

In about five minutes Bob appeared driving a Golf Cart (I discovered this was the common mode of travel on the grounds) and after a brief greeting, he led the way. 

As we entered the grounds I noticed how clean and well-manicured everything was. The next thing I noticed was how naked everyone was. And how causal they were about it. There were all ages, shapes and sizes of people. We pulled up in front of Bob & Carol's cabin and I got out. As soon as we stopped, Bob peeled off the shorts and Hawaiian Shirt he had been wearing and was instantly nude. He appeared to have a "spongy" hard on and was about ¼ erect. In his semi flaccid state, his cock was about 5 inches long, about 1&½ inches across and circumcised. Carol came out to greet me and gave me a hug. She was also naked and I could see her breasts were small (B cup?) but her nipples stood out about ¾ inch. Her pussy had a sparse covering of trimmed, brown public hair. All in all, two sexy, comfortable, healthy people. 

Carol took me by the hand and led me inside saying, "Take your clothes off and get comfortable". It is amazing how quickly you get comfortable with nudity when everyone else around you is also naked. I stripped and we gathered towels and sandals, got some cold drinks and headed out for the swimming pool. 

On the five minute walk to the pool I was treated to the sight of all kinds and ages of naked bodies seeming very much at ease and unashamed. There was a casualness about the whole thing that put me very much at ease. (Thought I will admit I may have gazed just a little longer at some bodies than I did at others.) 

When we arrived at the Olympic size pool we located a table with an umbrella and sat down. A young man (dressed in the same polo shirt and shorts that seemed to be the employees' uniform) came over and took our drink orders. Bob and I stayed at the table while Carol dove into the water to cool off. When Carol came walking back to the table, I couldn't help but notice how sexy she looked, naked with droplets of water all over her body. 

After she sat down and we all launched into small talk and I glanced around at all the naked people. Then I became aware that under the table, my cock was starting to stir. Not full blown hard on, but swelling none the less. For the rest of the afternoon my dick alternated between semi soft to semi erect. Over the course of the afternoon various friends of Bob & Carol stopped by our table to visit. And we occasionally jumped in the pool to swim and cool off. 

At the end of the day we made our way back to their cabin where Carol made us a light dinner and we relaxed in their living room. By now I was struggling not to have an erection. I had been teased all day with the sight of naked bodies and sometimes raunchy talk. And now Carol had started brushing up next to me and touching my chest or back as she walked by me. My cock was now straining in a full hard on. But I noticed that Bob was also sporting a pretty healthy erection so I was past being self-conscious. 

I was sitting in a chair across from Bob & Carol (who were on the sofa) when Carol got up and, very matter of fact, walked over to me. She dropped to her knees, and without a word, leaned forward and took my cock into her mouth. I don't think I have ever felt anything better than, after a day of tease, the sensation of Carol's warm, wet mouth slipping over the head of my dick. 

She slowly moved her mouth up and down over my cock. Occasionally looking up directly into my eyes. She started alternating her movements with a light flickering of her tongue on the underside of my cockhead. As she worked on my dick I glanced up at her husband sitting across from us. Bob was smiling and very slowly, almost lazily, stroking his cock. After a few minutes, Carol raised her head up and in a somewhat coy voice said, "If you are game, I'd suggest we move this to a more comfortable setting." Yeah. I was game.

Carol took hold of my cock led me down the hallway to their bedroom where candles were already burning and music was playing on the small stereo. She reminded me of a lean cat as she crawled up on the bed and rolled over on her back. I took my cue and crawled up on the bed and lay with my head between her legs. 

I looked at her pussy, with the well-trimmed hair and just a trace of her inner lips protruding. I touched it with my fingers and felt how wet she was. She moaned and I placed just the tip of one finger in her and slowly moved it up and down the length of her slit, just one knuckle deep. I moved my face forward and placed a gently kiss right on her clit. The aroma of her vagina was intoxicating as I removed my finger and begin to softly lick up and down the outside of her slit. She arched her back and moaned. After a few minutes of this, I inserted two fingers halfway into her and slowly moved them while I continued to lick her outer lips. Her breathing was becoming deeper and she was moaning while clutching at the bed covers. Her juice was starting to cover the lower half of my face as her excitement grew. 

I withdrew my fingers and gently pulled open her lips. Then I moved in and inserted my tongue. As I slicked my tongue inside her soaking wet pussy I could hear her gasping. After a few minutes of this I moved my attention upwards to her engorged clit, which was now clearly visible between the folds of her pussy lips. I extended the tip of my tongue and gently begin to stroke her clit. I alternated my movements every few minutes between licking up and down and going side to side. 

She started to tense up and her groaning was interspaced with "Oh God... Oh... Oh... Oh my...Ahhhhhh... Shit... Damn... Ah... Ah... Ahhhhhh... "

After I had been licking her pussy for close to half an hour, I placed my lips on her clit and begin to suck. Gently, but steadily. Occasionally I would flick her clit with the tip of my tongue and then resume a gentle sucking. I inserted two fingers in her and stroked the top of her pussy canal, touching her G spot. 

Suddenly she bucked her hips up high and let out a scream that she tried to muffle with her hands. With her orgasm fully underway, her juices really started to flow. Her orgasms lasted over a minute and then she collapsed and went limp (while begging me to stop licking). 

I pulled away and stood up. Bob (I had forgotten he was even there) handed her a cold bottle of water and a hand towel. He laid down next to her and stroked her face. "You OK?" He asked her. She managed a smile and said, "Oh yes. More than OK." 

After a minute or so of catching her breath, Carol looked at me and said, "After that, I think you owe me some dick." Who was I to argue with my hostess? I moved back on the bed between her widely spread legs. I moved slowly to bury my cock all the way in her. I marveled at just how tight her pussy was. "About time," she said. "I've been looking at your cock all day." "Every time it got hard, I wanted to jump on it." (Guess I didn't do such a good job of hiding my erections.)

I started to move in and out of her. Slowly at first, letting her get used to my cock. (I am about 7.5 to 8 inches long but fairly thick.) 

As I started to speed up, each inward thrust caused her to exhale. I could feel her juices continue to flow and coat my cock as well as spill out on my balls. I was laying on her, moving my hips at a moderate speed. She put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me up. As I raised up on my knees, Carol pulled her legs back towards her chest. She looked me in the eye and said, "OK. Now slam it into me. Give it to me!" 

I took hold of her ankles and held her legs up and apart. I pulled almost all the way out and then slammed back in all the way. I repeated this movement several times, picking up speed between each thrust. Finally I was slamming into her at high speed, causing her to gasp, groan, moan and yell. She was looking up at me, eyes wide open, mouth gasping for air. Her guttural groans filling the room. 

I released her ankles and let her put her legs down on either side of me. I leaned forward, supported on my hands and knees and resumed rapid, rhythmic stroking inside of her pussy. In addition to the incredible wetness that was flowing out of her, Carol's vaginal canal was super tight. And she had great control of her muscles. I noticed that Bob was sitting in a chair to the side of the bed slowly stroking his engorged cock. I was having a really hard time holding off cumming.

Carol had been having a series of orgasms, but after almost a solid hour of fucking, she tensed up her entire body, arched her back up off the bed and opened her eyes and mouth as far as she could. After all the sounds she had made with her earlier orgasms, this final one was silent. In fact, she seemed to even stop breathing. 

Suddenly I lost all sense of what was happening around me. After a day of naked bodies, teasing and anticipation... My cock exploded. It literally felt like my balls were being projected out of my dick. My entire body felt like it was being charged with electricity. 

When the sensations started to subside, I managed to roll to one side before I collapsed on my back. Carol gasped that she needed some water. Again, Bob appeared with a bottle of water and a hard cock. He also passed a bottle to me. After a few minutes of catching our breath, I got up and went to the bathroom. 

When I returned, Bob was standing in front of Carol, who was sitting up on the bed with his cock in her mouth. She was doing a slow, almost teasing, blow job. Bob was moaning and breathing deeply. I walked to the other side of the bed and lay on my back to watch the show. Carol adjusted her position so that she could continue to work Bob's cock with her mouth and at the same time, take mine in her hand. She started stroking me slowly and teasing the underside of my cock head with her thumb. Despite being really sensitive from my earlier orgasm, my cock started to stir and get hard again. 

After a few minutes of this, Carol pulled her mouth away from Bob's dick and moved to straddle me. She lowered herself on my cock slowly, and didn't stop until she was all the way down with my dick buried completely in her. After taking a moment to catch her breath, she leaned forward and started to move slowly on my cock. I was still very sensitive so each little motion felt like electrical current. 

After a couple of minutes, she stopped moving and I saw Bob move behind her. It was then that I noticed the tube of KY laying on the bed and realized that while Carol was riding on me, he had been coating his cock with the lubricant. 

I felt some fumbling movements and then I could feel Bob working his cock into Carol's tight little ass. Carol dropped her head and gasped as I felt Bob's cock through the thin membrane that separated her vagina and her anal canal. It took a couple of minutes, but soon we had Carol full in both holes. 

Bob started to move slowly in and out of her. Carol was gasping, "Oh my God, oh my God, that feels SO damn good" as she was rolling her head and gritting her teeth. With Carol sitting on me, I was unable to move much. But I did push up into her pussy as Bob buried his cock deep in her ass. I had the sensation of not only Carol's soaking wet, hot pussy but also the feeling of Bob's dick rubbing against mine. 

Carol meanwhile appeared to be almost overwhelmed. This went on for over a half an hour until Bob started to speed up his thrusting. Carol was slapping her hands on the bed and sucking in air. At this point all I could really do was lay there and try to push upward. And then Bob unloaded in Carol's asshole. His pumping slowed but he made several deep, hard thrust into her. And then he stopped and pulled out. 

He stood up at the foot of the bed and Carol rolled off of me and went limp on the bed. 

She managed to utter a single "wow" before she simply drifted off to a deep sleep. 

I got off the bed and told Bob, "I am guessing she needs some rest." Bob grinned and winked at me. "I am guessing she does." 

I walked up the hall to my bedroom thinking this had been one day I would never forget. I had no idea...

(There are a couple of other stories from this weekend. Let me know if you want to hear them.)