 Alex, Pat and Katie enjoyed their wonderful relationship. Alex never stayed in her dorm room and Katie had all but stopped going to work. They spent their days sucking and fucking. One day when Pat came home Alex and Katie were sitting at the dining room table with tear-stained faces. 

"What happened?" asked Pat.

"Katie has decided to go back to L.A." said Alex.

"I have to Pat," Katie responded, "My agents called me. They got me two pilot auditions and they really think I have a chance out here."

"Then you need to go. Your career comes first but we are going to miss you!" Pat said as he went to go give her a hug. She pulled away and walked to the bedroom. She came out with three packed suitcases. 

"I have to leave in three hours." Pat stood in the dining room shocked! 

"Really?" he asked.

"Really." All three of them went to the airport and dropped Katie off. It was a very emotional goodbye. For four months they had all been so intimate that it was hard to say goodbye. In the car on the way home the tears vanished and Pat turned to Alex and said,

"Now, this changes everything. Now I can have you all to myself!" This shocked Alex. She had always assumed Pat had been in love with Katie. They talked the whole way home about how she was just a great fuck and he was getting sick of her! All this talk about fucking had gotten Alex very wet. They were on their way back to the apartment when she told him to turn off onto a rural side road.

"What are you doing, Alex? Don't you need to get back?" 

"No, What I need is for you to pull over and fuck me right here!" Pat didn't have time to be confused. He pulled right over and put the car in park. He leaned over to pull off Alex's top but she already had it off. He leaned over and started sucking her nipples. (God I love her tits) Pat thought. Alex was writhing in ecstasy and she put her hand under her short skirt. She was rubbing her clit. Her panties where soaked. Pat pulled them off and they climbed into the backseat. She pulled his large 9-inch cock out of his pants and pulled it into her. She felt his thrusting and loved the feel of the leather, of his seats, on her ass and back. He was thrusting faster and faster, and sucking harder and harder on her nipples when she began to moan. Just as she was about to scream he pulled his cock out of her dripping pussy and thrust it into her mouth. He shot his load of cum deep into her throat. 

Pat pulled up his pants and Alex pulled on her top messily as they slid into the front seat again. Without a word they started again for home. Alex's skirt was still up at her waist and her panties on the floorboard in front. Pat kept one hand on the wheel and one on her pussy. He had claimed it as his. They made their way back to the apartment. Alex had to go back to campus because she had a sorority meeting so when they got to the apartment she made Pat a late lunch before she left. She was almost out the door when he stopped her. "Where do you think you are going? "Back to school!"

"Not yet you aren't!" Pat pulled her back in the door and led her to the bathroom. "We have to clean you up before you go back!" he said. He stripped her down and turned on the shower. She stepped in and he followed after stripping. "We have to make sure you are all squeaky clean for your sisters!" Pat said as he scrubbed her chest. 

"Yeah, well if you keep that up I may never leave!" Alex replied. He took the wash cloth and some pear-smelling soap and proceeded to wash her back and butt. He cleaned every part of her. "Turn around, we can't forget anything," Pat said as he turned her around. He took his time washing her supple breasts, making sure every inch was clean. Then he moved on to her flat, tight belly. Passing over her belly ring, down to her hairless pussy. 

"Spread 'em!" Pat commanded. Alex pulled her pussy apart for Pat so he could clean her with his rough wash cloth. He forced one finger, wrapped in the wash cloth, in her tight cunt. Then two and three fingers till she was moaning rather loudly. He felt her begin to twitch and play with her nipples. She grabbed his face and kissed him roughly as she came. Then she turned her attention on him. 

"Well, I'm clean inside and out and now it's your turn!" Alex said to him. She took the wash cloth from him and began to scrub his hairy chest. She leaned over and began sucking on his nipple. Pat was so hard he thought he was about to burst. He pulled her head down to his throbbing cock. She began to suck him like only she knew how. She took him 3/4ths of the way into her mouth and ran her teeth along his cock as she pulled back. He shivered in excitement. She sucked on him harder and harder, faster and faster until he grabbed her head and forced it all the way down onto his cock and shot his load of cum deep down her throat. 

Alex popped back up and said, "Well, now I don't need lunch. But I really have to go. See you in class at 5?" Pat couldn't say a word. Alex kissed him on the forehead and hopped out of the shower. She dried off her body and got dressed to leave. She was about ready to leave again when Pat called her. "Alex, hang on... We never got your measurements for your costume at rehearsal the other night. Just what exactly are your measurements, just so I can tell the costumer..."

"Sure, Pat... anyway they are 34 DD-23-33. I'll see you at five!" Alex went outside and ran to her car. She was late. Pat sat on his couch, in his towel, smiling, he said, "Damn, there goes the perfect woman. Great tits, hot legs, sweet ass, tight pussy, who loves to give me head and then leaves. DAMN am I lucky!"

- Sorry it took so long for another installment. I am getting better at this writing thing. Some good news, I reached my goal. I got my professor into bed and now I suck his cock on a weekly basis. Send me feedback! LADYBUGIRL! :-) 