 Chapter 29

Musical Beds

The men stood together in a group and compared notes. Craig laughed when he heard about how Jeanne had treated Paul and Kyle. 

"I think she's been hanging out with Dana too much," he commented. "About two weeks ago, we were with them and you wouldn't believe how Dana treats Steve. I don't understand it, but apparently he likes that kind of play. Then, last week, she came home with a bunch of stuff she either bought from Iris or borrowed from Dana. She wanted to try it out with me, but tonight is the first time she's actually used any of it."

"You didn't seem to mind her fucking your ass," Paul noted.

"No, that was something we've had for a long time since I don't often meet another man who's into that kind of thing."

"What do you think of how the evening's going?" Craig asked Kyle. Before Kyle could reply, the women returned as a group.

As the unofficial leader, Jeanne addressed the men. "It's getting late and as Deb has pointed out, you guys are getting too worn out to perform, so we've decided to call it a night and go to bed. Paul, you're staying with me in here. Kyle, you belong to Nancy and Craig, You go with Deb."

Nancy and Deb took their boy-toys out of the room and headed to the bedrooms they had already picked out. Paul looked at Jeanne with guarded eyes and unsure as to what she planned to do with him (or to him) next. However, his fears faded as soon as she had him help her out of her leather outfit. It clung to her damp body and was difficult to remove, but she guided him through the various straps used to tighten it and had him release them first. After that, he was able to peel the bustier from her torso and then remove the strap-on harness. 

She faced him with marks from where the leather had bitten into her slight frame. "Are you ready for bed?" she asked quietly.

"Yes, Mistress," Paul replied which earned a large smile from Jeanne.

"Go make the bed ready while I get cleaned up," she told him. She left for the bathroom and Paul went over to straighten and smooth the sheets, get the pillows back in place, and then put the blanket back on that had been removed before the start of all the fun. He heard her call and went to the bathroom where she was waiting for him in the shower.

"You need to thoroughly wash me," she told him. The smile and tone of her voice made it clear that she was in a playful mood. He joined her under the spray of multiple water jets on the side walls and two large fixed "rain" shower heads directly above the body jets. An adjustable wand assembly was on the back wall, but it wasn't turned on. He moved close and she put her arms around his narrow waist. 

Even though she was tall, she still had to look up to see Paul's face. Ignoring the water streaming down her own face, she held his gaze and the got up on her tip toes to kiss him. He leaned down to meet her lips and they remained like that for nearly a minute. Her kiss was soft and tender and when their lips parted, she continued to look up at him. "I hope you aren't still upset with me for earlier this evening," she told him quietly. 

"Nah," he said with smiling eyes. In truth, he was still somewhat bothered by the homosexual acts she had forced him to engage in, but his residual resentment faded completely at her comment. 

"That's good," she said snuggling in to his chest. Her head rested just above his heart, but she could barely hear it beating over the sound of the rushing water all around them. "I don't want to cause a rift between us. Both Craig and I love being with you and Nancy."

They stood together for over a minute with the sprays pounding their bodies from the side jets. Finally, she broke away. "Time for you to get busy and clean me," she reminded him with a mischievous smile.

Paul took his time and made sure he cleaned every inch of her slender body. When his soapy hand reached between the cheeks of her ass, he felt her spread her legs a bit more as an invitation to proceed further. He fingered her tiny ass for several minutes and was rewarded by her body squirming with pleasure and her moans of encouragement.

When he decided he was finished, she turned to face him again. "Time to clean you, now." She proceeded to wash him just as thoroughly and completely as he had done to her, including spending a couple minutes with her soapy fingers working up inside his ass. To her surprise, he didn't flinch or complain, but she didn't know that Nancy would frequently massage his prostate and play with his ass in a similar fashion.

After nearly 30 minutes, she reached over to shut the water and told him to get their towels from the linen closet. They took turns toweling each other off and then headed into the bedroom. The long, hot shower left both of them sleepy. Climbing into bed, Jeanne moved to join Paul in the middle of the bed where they cuddled, kissed, and fondled each other until falling asleep. 

Paul woke up after what seemed like hours, but glancing at the clock on the nightstand, it was only 2am. The bed moved and caused him to look around for the source of the disturbance. Jeanne was still sleeping soundly next to him but rolling over, he was slightly startled to see Deb carefully crawling into bed with them. She held her finger to her lips and crept slowly over to him. She placed her hand lightly on his hip and pulled him over from his side to lay on his back. 

She leaned close to his ear and whispered. "I just had to come in here with you guys. I sent Craig to join your wife and Kyle in the other guest room."

She kissed his lips and parted her lips to invite him inside her mouth. Their mouths joined in a deep kiss and as her tongue darted all around his mouth, he was reminded of the first time they had kissed. She had been energetic and wild then, and nothing had changed. He was having difficulty keeping up with her personality changes. One time she was wild and eager for anything; the next moment, she seemed quiet and reticent to engage in anything more than boring, old-fashioned American guy-on-top-get-it-over-with-quick sex with her spouse.

When their lips parted, she lay on her back next to him and used her hands to gently pull his head to her chest. Paul spent the next several minutes enjoying her incredible breasts. She was 60 years old and had DD breasts after a breast reduction surgery many years before. Part of that surgery apparently included tightening the skin around her "new" breasts which lifted them up high on her chest and made them firmer. If he didn't know better, he would have sworn her boobs belonged to a young 30-something babe. 

The only downside to her surgery was reduced sensation across her breasts and nipples. That meant breast play did little for her, but she knew men all enjoyed it and she always got a thrill from seeing how much they desired her and her boobs. When Paul finished, her hands pushed his head down her body and he moved carefully into a comfortable position for eating her pussy. 

Her pussy tended to be dry, but quickly became wet with the proper encouragement. Paul was discovering that "proper encouragement" covered nearly anything he did to her. She spread her outer labia with her fingers and allowed him to concentrate his lips, tongue and teeth on what was inside. The strong scent of her sex made Paul's mouth go dry and his hunger for her multiplied tenfold.

She let out a quiet moan as soon as his tongue touched her and Paul worked his way inside her folds of inner flesh very slowly. When he found her clit hidden under its protective cover, his tongue circled all around it several times before he gently sucked it between his lips and held it there. Deb's moaning continued and Paul became concerned that she would wake up Jeanne who was still snoring softly just a couple feet away. 

He released her clit and moved to insert his index finger inside her cunt. It went inside her easily and he withdrew it only to replace it with two fingers. Once they were fully seated, he wiggled them to find and stimulate her "G-spot". He already knew the approximate depth and quickly found it based on the way she gasped suddenly and writhed around under him. He continued to finger her for several minutes while randomly dropping his head down to lick the juices flowing out from deep inside her and to rub her clit with the coarse stubble on his chin.

Deb's hips abruptly launched upward and her body trembled for several seconds as she climaxed. Paul never stopped stimulating her and her body was wracked with wave after wave of indescribably pleasure until she reached down and whispered frantically for him to stop. He withdrew his fingers from her dripping wet pussy and moved up her body to cover her completely with his own. 

She was still panting and regaining her breath, and his weight on top of her didn't make it any easier. Nevertheless, Deb was in heaven and didn't want him to move. She put her arms around Paul and whispered in his ear, "I want you to make love to me."

He clearly wasn't ready for that, so she reached down between them to try and find his soft penis. He rolled over slightly to give her space to stroke him while they resumed their earlier kissing. This time, she was calm and without any of the frenzied tonguing she had done before when they kissed. Her body felt relaxed in his arms and her hand was moving slowly up and down his cock which actually caused it to become aroused faster. 

When she deemed that he was sufficiently hard, Deb pulled him back on top of her and helped guide his shaft into her waiting hole. Paul slipped inside her with no resistance at all and when he began making tiny thrusts into her, he could barely feel her pussy around his cock. He had his legs outside of hers and closed them together to force her legs together under him. 

They remained coupled with her legs trapped between his, and in turn, his cock trapped between the closed folds of her pussy. He motion became just a slight movement of his body up and down hers, grinding their pubic areas against each other and also keeping his cock stimulated and hard deep inside her. Jeanne rolled over and faced them which caused Paul and Deb to freeze and hold their breath until they were reassured by her soft snores that she remained asleep.

It was one of the longest fucks Paul had ever experienced and was easily the longest for Deb. They laid together with their bodies intimately joined at the hip while he kissed her mouth and breasts tenderly. Paul didn't know how long they remained like that, but Deb had two more orgasms before she rolled him off of her and let his cock fall out of her pussy. He was semi-erect and had not come close to ejaculating, probably because of overstimulation, but he was unconcerned.

He had just let out a long sigh while looking over at Deb's half-closed eyes when he felt a hand on his shoulder and a quiet voice behind him.

"It's my turn, now," Jeanne whispered. Paul saw Deb's eyes open wide with shock and imagined that his didn't look much different. He recovered as he rolled over to face Jeanne and whispered back, "How long have you been awake?"

"Pretty much from the time she climbed into bed with us," she replied with a smile. "I was enjoying myself imagining what you two were doing behind my back and finally had to turn over to watch."

"You seemed so tired, we didn't want to wake you," Paul told her. 

Deb propped herself up on one elbow and joined the conversation from over Paul's shoulder. "I hope you didn't mind me borrowing your toy for a bit," she whispered loudly.

"Mmm..., not a bit," Jeanne replied with a sleepy smile. "But I hope you haven't worn him out because I'm all rested and ready for my turn."

"He's all yours," Deb told her with a smile. As she started to roll out of bed, Jeanne called out, "You don't need to leave."

Deb paused and looked back for a moment. "Are you sure?" she asked. 

"Of course," Jeanne responded. Deb returned to the bed and slid under the sheets next to Paul.

"Let me know if I'm getting in the way," she told her friend.

Jeanne laughed. "Are you kidding? I'm hoping you end up a LOT closer in a little while."

With that decided, Jeanne turned her attention back to Paul. "So, do you have any gas in your tank?"

"Not enough for a long trip, but I have enough for a couple trips around the block."

"Mmmm... I was thinking of giving you a trip around the world," she told him. When he didn't respond, she ordered him over close to her and she threw the covers off of herself.

"Kiss me like you would kiss your wife and lover," she told him. Paul moved one arm under her shoulders and neck and used the other hand to gently caress and hold her cheek. His lips descended upon hers and their mouths opened at the same time to join in a tender, loving kiss. He alternated between kissing and sucking on her lips, and letting his tongue dance around hers. 

Jeanne automatically embraced him and ran her hands up and down his back slowly. She lingered over his butt when her hands reached down that far and once more she thought about what a nice ass he had. The first time she saw him, she wondered if he looked as good without clothes as he did when he was dressed. The answer turned out to be "no"; he looked much better! His body was well-muscled and defined. His ass was round, hard, and had what she thought were the nicest dimples on the outside of each butt cheek. She loved her husband very deeply and he completely satisfied her needs, but she still felt a little envious of Nancy having Paul with her every night.

When Paul raised his head and their lips parted, she looked into his eyes and even in the dark, she thought she saw something that made her insides flutter. Without saying anything, she took his head in her hands and guided him down to her chest. However, once she released him, his lips went from her nipple up to her throat where he kissed and delicately licked her. 

After his tongue traced a small wet line along the base of her throat, he softly blew his warm breath on it and sent chills coursing through her upper body. Next, he did the same thing but run up from the hollow at the base of her throat to just under the back of her jaw. Each time his breath touched the wetness left behind by his tongue, Jeanne felt another set of chills go through her. By the third time, even though she was expecting it, it action caused a ticklish sensation that resulted in an involuntary twitch of her head. A giggle escaped from her lips and gave him pause to let her recover before continuing.

He didn't return to her breasts until she was squirming in his arms. He started by licking around each nipple and then blowing cool air on them. He repeated the process over and over for a couple minutes, and when he kissed them afterwards, he could feel how hard they had become. Jeanne's hands were running through his hair as he kept stimulating her nipples with his mouth. He knew they were very sensitive, so he avoided biting or sucking them very hard. However, before he left them, he placed a hickey on the underside of each breast against her weak protestations.

His mouth drifted further down her hard body and he kissed and licked around her navel which was nearly non-existent because of how taut her skin and the underlying muscles were. She was the only woman he'd met who actually had a "six-pack" on her abdomen. Her hands pushed his head down to the top of her smooth pussy and didn't release him until he had begun exploring it with his tongue and fingers.

He did the same thing to Jeanne that he had just done to Deb nearly an hour earlier. When he was fingering her, her hips also rose up and from his angle, it appeared that she was being lifted by the two fingers upon which she was impaled. He went ahead and kept the pressure moving upward so that even when she relaxed her hips, they almost remained in the air. "Oooooooh!" she exclaimed softly. Paul couldn't tell if her expression was one of pain or pleasure, but quickly decided she was enjoying him.

His tongue moved across her open pussy and easily found her hard clit protruding out from the inner folds. As he licked and nibbled it, Jeanne's outcries became louder and more frequent. By now, Paul was on his hands and knees between her splayed legs and so engrossed in eating her delicious pussy, he failed to notice Deb moving around behind him. 

She reached between his thighs and took hold of his cock as it hung down behind his large, heavy balls. Startled, Paul quickly looked up and behind him to see what was going on and his look was met by Deb's smiling face. Her hand continued the same slow stroking she had given him before and he could feel his arousal growing. 

Paul went back to Jeanne's wet cunt and fingered and licked it until she convulsed in orgasm. When she relaxed, he moved up and pulled himself free of Deb's grasp. His cock was not fully erect, but was hard enough to enter the wet hole he had just prepared. He moved inside her and immediately noticed how much tighter she was compared to Deb. He hoisted her legs up over his shoulders and raised her ass off the mattress to have a better angle for deep penetration. His first two strokes into her were slow and did not reach the full length of his cock. The third time, he plunged in faster and harder to jam his pole all the way inside her cunt. He held himself there for an extra second and then got into a steady slow rhythm. 

Each time he hit into her body, Jeanne let out a small groan. Her hands were holding onto the pillow under her head and her eyes were screwed shut. He noticed that she was pushing herself up to him at the moment he would thrust down into her. And her extra movement caused a harder impact against her pussy.

After watching Paul taking Jeanne for a couple minutes, Deb moved back around and tentatively leaned over to kiss and suck on Jeanne's breast. Paul slowed his movements to keep Jeanne's body from bouncing around under Deb's mouth and watched her first experience with another woman. Jeanne was unaware that Deb's only sexual experiences were heterosexual and her hand move to est on the back of the other woman's head while she kissed and sucked her tiny titties. 

Deb looked up suddenly when she felt the hand on her head. "Is that okay," she asked with a trace of alarm.

"Ooooh, it's divine, dear," Jeanne replied dreamily. Encouraged, Deb went back down and tried to channel what she enjoyed men doing with her breasts into what she did to Jeanne. Eventually, Jeanne picked up on Deb's hesitancy and started giving her encouragement and suggestions on what to do. She couched her guidance in terms of "T really love it when ...". In doing so, she reduced Deb's anxiety and helped her grow more confident in her decision to get involved with another woman.

Paul started to tire from holding up Jeanne and plowing into her pussy, so he carefully lowered her legs to the bed and slipped out of her pussy in the process. "You're not around the world yet," Jeanne called out to him. He reached over to take one of the pillows that wasn't in use and worked it under her hips before kneeling to lower his head between her legs. 

Her pussy juice was running down under her and he started licking it up. When he reached her asshole, he paused to spend additional time tonguing it, which elicited another series of pleasurable sounds from her mouth. Deb was finally getting into sucking Jeanne's small breasts and inadvertently caused Jeanne to wince and cry out in pain when she bit too hard on the small brown bud standing up in the middle of one breast. She immediately backed off until Jeanne explained that her nipples were very sensitive and couldn't take any rough play.

Deb remained unsure and remained back on her knees watching Paul rimming out his "Mistress". However, Paul didn't spend too long doing that. Once he was sure that her tight hole was ready, he scrambled off the bed to find the tube of lubricant they had used earlier and liberally grease up his pole. He also applied a large amount around and then inside Jeanne's ass before starting with one finger and building up to three fingers inside it. 
