 Forty-six-year old Tim and his thirty-nine-year-old wife Nancy shared a fairly simple life. 

Tim stands five foot ten weighing a trim two hundred pounds with grayish blonde hair. Tim is quite distinguished looking and is blessed with a seven-inch cock.

Nancy is five foot five, a shapely one hundred and thirty-five pounds with 34D breasts, large nipples with full lips and a nicely rounded ass. She likes wearing short skirts and tight tops that draw attention to her assets. Even at her age she still warrants second looks and wolf whistles from construction workers when she walks down the street.

Tim and Nancy had engaged in a few threesomes with both another man and another woman and had exchanged partners a few times with an older couple.

Nancy had experimented with anther woman at one time. The woman was a confirmed lesbian and wanted nothing to do with Tim so Nancy would go to her apartment for their liaisons. 

Nancy had enjoyed making love with her female lover but eventually the lesbian asked Nancy to choose between her and Tim. That had ended the affair.

Tim was proud of his wife and enjoyed others experiencing her body. He was continuously seeking partners for her online and through swingers' ads.

They had found Harry Boylan through an ad with a local swingers' club. Nancy had spoken to Harry on the telephone and with Tim's approval invited him to drop around for some fun.

Harry was a giant of a man in his late forties. Standing over six foot tall he looked like an ex-footballer with a shaven head. Nancy thought he looked just like "Mr. Clean" from the TV commercials.

Nancy had spent the day preparing for the night's threesome. She was wearing the sexy black negligee she had picked up for the occasion. 

The gown was short and very sheer doing little to hide her full breasts. Without the panties her freshly shaven pussy was barely hidden by the gown.

Both Nancy and Tim were pleased when they met Harry and invited him to join them in bed.

Tim and Nancy watched in awe as Harry disrobed. He was a hulk of muscles and his cock was the biggest Nancy had ever seen. He must have been ten-inches long and as thick around as Nancy's forearm with a beautiful mushroom head and she wondered to herself if she would be able to take him. Harry's pubic hair was also cleanly shaven.

Tim and Nancy had decided to go for something extra exciting with Harry. Nancy would fuck him bare cock, without a condom, even though she was ovulating. They knew it could result in Nancy becoming pregnant but that was what made it more exciting.

They started the evening with Nancy sucking both cocks. After Tim's seven inches Harry's monster felt like she was trying to fit a baseball bat into her mouth.

Nancy loved sucking cock and swallowing the rich sperm they spewed into her mouth. Through years of practice she was able to get most of Harry's cock into her mouth without blocking off her air passage. Harry's balls were bouncing off Nancy's chin when he fired his load down her throat.

Nancy had never received such a huge load from one man before, six or seven large ropes of sticky, gooey cum. The thick cream slid down her gullet like garden slugs on the way to her belly.

Nancy allowed Tim to kiss her and let his tongue scour her mouth for Harry's residual cum.

Tim invited Harry to fuck his wife first knowing his mammoth cock would stretch her fuck hole open further than it ever had been.

Lying on his back on the bed with his erection pointing skyward Nancy straddled his weapon and slowly lowered herself onto his pole. Guiding Harry's cockhead into her opening she grit her teeth and continued downwards.

Harry's cockhead spread her smooth pussy lips the massive cock bulldozed its way into her waiting hole.

Nancy's amazing cunt swallowed Harry's entire cock, a feat her mouth was unable to do. She lowered herself until she felt his balls press against her ass cheeks.

Full of the stranger's cock she leaned forward and kissed her husband.

"Fuck him!" Tim urged.

Nancy began rising and lowering her hips, the gigantic cock sliding in and out of her overloaded fuck hole. Her cunt was stretched around Harry's cock like an elastic band, gripping his pole as it moved in her.

"Oh fucking hell!" Nancy moaned in ecstasy.

"Fuck that big cock you slut!" Tim coached his wife.

Nancy liked to be talked dirty to when she was fucking, to be called a whore, slut and a cheap dirt cock-loving bitch. Tim knew it turned her on and she would give Harry the fuck of his life.

In minutes Nancy's cunt had adjusted to Harry's monstrous cock and he was sliding in and out of her greased by her ever-widening hole. Tim could hear his wife's body slapping together with Harry's as she approached her orgasm.

Tim could not believe the look of his wife's face, contorted in sheer pleasure as her climax struck her.

Harry gripped her hips securely as he released his fountain of cum up into her womb. The surge of warm sperm fueled Nancy's explosion.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!" Nancy screamed as she came.

Tim's cock was throbbing as he watched his wife being inseminated by this stranger.

As her orgasm subsided Nancy rose off Harry's cock and offered her cream pie to Tim.

"Eat me!" she demanded.

Without hesitation Tim buried his face in his wife's messy crotch. Tim's tongue dipped into his wife's urn of fresh cum and scooped out a generous glob. Tim tasted the pungent sperm that his wife had swallowed directly from Harry's cock.

Tim looked up at his wife smiling, his face glistening with her juices. 

Tim had always wanted to try something with his wife when they did a threesome, he wanted to double penetrate her. He doubted Nancy would agree to take Harry's monster in her ass but he had anally fucked her many times. With Harry's monster stuffing her pussy and his cock in her ass she would scream with delight.

With a little convincing Nancy was back on top of Harry riding his cock "Cowgirl". Tim watched the big cock sliding in and out of his wife's hole as he positioned himself to enter her vulnerable ass hole. Nancy was already moaning when Tim's cockhead parted her as cheeks.

As always her anus accepted her husband's cock and Tim slid into her feeling Harry's hard cock through the thin membrane separating them.

Nancy was going crazy, every time she moved two cocks moved inside of her.

"Oh fuck!" she cried as Tim's cock thrusting into her asshole made her pussy slid on Harry's pole.

Tim firmly gripped his wife's shoulders as he made his final drives into her bowels, wanting to shoot his load deep inside of her.

Mercifully the guys cum at the same time as Nancy, her orgasm gripping her body as cum was being pumped into her from two cocks.

It was over two hours before the guys were exhausted from using Nancy's body. Cum was everywhere, the room stank of it and it was running out of Nancy's orifices and trickling down her thighs.

Harry finally left with the promise of an encore performance.