 Chapter 31

Taking Charge

He was still trying to decide how to handle her approach when she sidled up against him and whispered, "Now that we've both gone through our warm-ups, let's get to some serious fun."

Paul made up his mind and smiled back down at her. "Are you sure you're ready for me?" he queried.

"Oh yes," Dana replied. "I've been looking forward to being with you again ever since our last time together." The eagerness in her voice was almost palpable.

"Well, I've been thinking a lot about being with you, too," he informed her. "But, let's start with something I want to try, okay?"

"Sure," she replied. When he looked into her eyes, he saw a brightness from her desire that he found exciting and also useful.

"You didn't happen to bring any of your toys here, did you?" he asked innocently.

"How did you know?" she squealed. "I always bring a nice selection when we go out. I've got them in a bag in the car."

"Well, don't just stand there," Paul laughed. "Go out and get them. And don't bother to put anything on," he added. "I want to enjoy watching you as you go outside."

Dana stood still for a moment as she considered his statement and then gave him a huge smile. "I see you've stil got a nice sense of adventure. I'll be right back!"

Paul walked over to the front door with her and after taking a quick glance up and down the street, Dana opened the outer door and headed rapidly out to her car. Paul watched her large ass jiggling as she hurried along and when she retrieved her bag of toys and other aids, he was presented with the sight of her large breasts swinging back and forth as she half-ran back to the house. They were moving so hard, he was afraid she might hurt herself. When she returned, she was breathing hard and still had a large smile on her face. 

"Did you like what you saw," she giggled.

"Oh, yes," he replied while taking the bag from her. It was heavier than he expected and when they closed the door behind them, Paul looked inside the bag. "Let's see what you've got for us to play with. Hmmm... I can see you came prepared for some serious fun," he remarked. "Let's go in the kitchen for a b it."

Dana led the way through the living room weaving through several couples engaged in various sex acts. Nancy and Bryan were still "missing in action", but Mary was straddling Bill's lap Reverse Cowgirl style and slowly fucking him. Paul was a little surprised that Bill was able to get hard enough to penetrate her pussy so soon after fucking Dana. Hel carried the bag of toys back to the kitchen while considering the details of his plan for Dana. His smile grew as the details came together and when they got there, they were alone. 

"Now, let me see that beautiful ass of yours again," Paul told her. Dana turned around and looked back over her shoulder. "Like what you see?" she asked. 

"You bet!" Paul replied energetically. He pulled a wooden chair away from the dinette set and moved it in front of her, but facing away. "But it'll look a lot better with you bent over the chair."

Dana giggled again as she bent over the chair. "Like this?"

"Perfect," Paul told her. He pulled out two padded handcuff restraints from her bag of toys and moved in front of her to quickly handcuff her writs to the front legs of the chair. She didn't resist, but did tug on the restraints to see how secure they were. Next, Paul took a length of rope and used it to tie both of her ankles to the back legs.

"I see you've gotten a little kinkier since we last got together," Dana commented from her doubled over position. "What exactly do you have in mind?" Paul answered her by putting a blindfold over her eyes. "Mmmmm," she purred. "What next?"

Paul moved in front of her and held his soft cock to her lips. Without a word, Dana took it between her lips and sucked him to hardness. Once he was fully erect, Paul pulled himself from her mouth and moved behind her. He pulled one of her ass cheeks aside with one hand and used his other hand to guide his cock between her large pussy lips. As his pushed inside her, Dana let out a low moan of enjoyment,

Paul held her broad and substantial hips and began slowly fucking her. Her pussy made a wet sucking sound each time he withdrew almost completely and an equally loud squishing noise when he descended back into her depths. Paul was in no rush and Dana seemed content despite her somewhat awkward and uncomfortable position. 

When James walked into the kitchen in search of something to eat or drink, he paused when he saw Paul taking Dana from behind. Paul motioned for him to be quiet and then had him move over next to the chair. Paul mimed what he wanted James to do and after a few seconds, James caught on. He proffered his cock to Dana's partially open mouth. She was startled by the unknown and unexpected second cock, but eagerly went after it as best she could from her position.

When she had James nice and hard, Paul pulled himself free from her pussy and had James take his place. James pulled himself from Dana's mouth and moved behind her. Within seconds, his cock was sliding in and out of her large, wet hole and Dana was once more moaning in bliss. Paul quietly left the kitchen and went to the living room to see who was still there. 

As he entered the main room, Paul saw that most of the guests were in-between hook-ups. Jamie, Ann, and Frank were involved in a threesome, while Mary was just getting started with Jack, Everyone else was sitting back or standing around watching the action. Paul went over to Bill who was sitting with his wife and whispered in his ear, "How would you like a chance to fuck Dana while she's tied down over the back of a chair?"

Bill looked up at him questioningly and then nodded. When he got up, Cindy rose with him and followed Paul and Bill back to the kitchen. When they got there, James had settled into a steady rhythm and Dana's boobs were swinging forward and then falling back against the chair back that she was draped over. Paul whispered to Bill and the shorter man moved over to feed his cock to the blindfolded woman being pounded from behind by James. James was still going strong when Dana had sucked Bill's cock into a fully erect state. He pulled away and slowly stroked his dick to keep it hard while he waited on James to finish. 

A couple minutes later, James pulled away from Dana's pussy and quickly moved around so that he could shove his cock into her mouth. He was barely between her lips when he released his huge load of cream. She had not expected the unknown man to cum so quickly and the amount of thick, white goo pumping down her throat caused Dana to gag. Meanwhile, Bill was behind her and after positioning his small hard did between her ass cheeks, he started to slap her ass hard on each side. 

Dana tried to cry out, but with James' cock filling her mouth, she was effectively gagged. When Bill finished spanking her bare ass, both of her cheeks were red and warm to the touch. He spread her reddened cheeks and spit down into her asshole. Using his finger, he rubbed the saliva around and inside her little pucker before pressing little cock into it. He was able to penetrate her ass without too much difficulty and was soon humping her ass almost as fast as he had humped her pussy earlier in the evening. She must have known who it was by his jackhammer motion and tried to grunt out something, but James still had his long cock pushed almost down her throat. 

Paul left to go back to the living room and soon returned with several other guests. Mary had apparently made short work of Jack which freed him up to join Steve in line to fuck Dana. Deb and Maria followed along to see what was going on which made the kitchen a pretty crowded place. Jamie, Frank and Ann were still tangled up together in the living room with no signs of finishing up very soon.

James was standing off to the side with Cindy when Bill came in Dana's ass. When he pulled out, Bill gave her cheeks another loud slap before bending down and whispering something in her ear that nobody else could make out. Dana was practically collapsed over the chair and called out for Paul to release her. 

"I'm not ready to release you, yet,"" Paul told her sternly. "You'll always be my fat little whore and your ass is mine to do with as I please." Dana gave a small whimper and her whole body went limp over the chair. Jack was next to press his soft cock between her lips. She dutifully opened her mouth and started giving him a blowjob, however her level of enthusiasm had dropped noticeably. Paul bent down to her ear and whispered loudly, "You don't seem to be very happy about pleasing me. Do I need to give you some encouragement?"

Dana immediately became more vigorous with Jack's dick in her mouth and after a minute or so, he was hard enough to move behind her. Jack spread her ass cheeks wide and paused to consider his options. He decided on taking her pussy, but it was already so dilated from her earlier encounters, he pulled out after a couple minutes and moved up to fuck her asshole. It had remnants of Bill's cum starting to seep out of it which served as a lubricant when Jack pressed his cock inside it. Jack held onto her hips and began his pounding and within just a couple minutes, he was filling up her ass with his own warm cream. 

Steve had been standing behind his wife taking in her humiliation without a comment. He declined to get involved in her gang-bang and instead, stayed to the side as her unofficial protector in case things went too far. With a little urging, Kyle took his position by her head and placed his shrunken dick to her trembling lips. After more than three minutes, Kyle still wasn't hard, but he climaxed anyway and deposited a small load of his cum in her mouth, which she obediently swallowed.

With no one else available to rape her, Paul started released her bindings while others in the room quickly and quietly moved out to leave them alone. However, Steve remained. When she was freed, Paul helped Dana to stand up on weak legs while she pulled off the blindfold. She blinked a few times as she looked around and was surprised to see only Paul and Steve still in the room. She had a wide red mark across her belly where she had rested over the top of the chair back. 

When she saw Steve, Dana went red. "Get out of here!" she told him. Steve looked down and hurried out of the room leaving his wife and Paul alone. Dana's humiliation started to turn to anger. "What the hell was that all about?" she demanded of Paul.

Paul didn't back down, but instead went right back at her. "First, you don't ever take that tone with me," he told her. His voice was quiet, controlled, and left no room for doubt about how serious he was. "You may be the dom at home, but with me, you're just my fat little butt-slut. I told you before, your ass is mine and I'll do whatever I want with it. Got it?"

Dana was taken aback by his forceful response. She stood staring up at him dumbly before Paul reached out and seized her nipples between his fingers and tugged hard while also twisting them. "Well?" he demanded as she cried out in pain. He didn't release her nipples and Dana nodded her head. Paul briefly squeezed her nipples harder. "I didn't hear you."

"Yes, I understand," she said. By now, Dana's clear blue eyes were welling up with tears. 

"Yes, what?" he demanded. This time he didn't do anything more to cause her pain and Dana quickly responded, "Yes, I understand Master."

Paul released her nipples. "That's better. Now that we've got that clear, are you ready to please me?"

"Yes, master," she said submissively with her head looking down. Paul took her back through the living room with grew quiet as everyone looked at them passing through. It was obvious that everyone had heard the discussion in the kitchen and felt embarrassed for Dana's semi-public humiliation. Paul ignored them and took Dana by the hand to find an empty bedroom. The first room they tried was already in use by Bryan and Nancy. The next room was the master bedroom and it was occupied with Jamie, James, and Frank. Finally, the last room was open and Paul brought Dana inside before shutting the door behind them.

"Next time, you should think twice before hurting someone else for no reason. As you just found out, it's not fun to be on the receiving side of things," Paul chastised her. 

"Yes, Master," Dana replied. Her voice still trembled as she fought back her tears. 

"Tell me how you dream about a man making love to you," Paul asked quietly. She looked up questioningly. He held her gaze, but she didn't see mocking in his face. Instead, Dana believed he seriously wanted to know how she fantasized about being loved by a strong man. She started slowly, looking for the slightest sign that she might have misread his intent. "I think about being with a man who takes charge and knows how to pleasure me," she began. "I think about how he takes me in his strong arms and holds me tightly and protectively. He loves me for who I am and not what I look like, however he also is able to appreciate and be aroused by the way I look." Her eyes dropped when she said that and Paul could tell she had undergone a lot of humiliation and abuse in the past because of her large size. He wondered if that was why she looked for men who were submissive and not willing or able to criticize her body. 

Dana didn't say anything further and remained standing with her head looking down. Despite her large size, Dana's body was not soft and she had no signs of cellulite or excess fat rolls. Paul noticed that the first time they met for sex and found her to be surprisingly strong. He remembered the stripper pole that was in the "play room" she and Steve maintained and also how surprised he was when she told him that she and Steve BOTH used it as a fun form of exercise. She even invited him to stop by one evening for a private show, but he politely declined. He and Nancy had agreed that neither one would engage in sex outside of their marriage unless the other partner was present. Dana was unfazed and told him that "...of course Nancy's invited, too!"

"Come here," Paul said softly. She looked up and moved into his open arms. Paul held her close for a long while without saying anything. He thought he felt her sob a couple times and waited to give her time to recover before lifting her chin and kissing her lips. His kiss was tender and he let her respond on her own terms. Dana's eyes opened when their lips parted and once again he was completely captivated by them. 

He moved her to the bed and had her lay down comfortably. He joined her alongside and let her head rest in the crook of his arm. With his free hand, he gently took one of her breasts and brought it up so that he could kiss and lick around the nipple. It was still red from when he had pulled and twisted it earlier, but he knew from their earlier time together, that she enjoyed rough nipple play, just like Nancy did. As he kissed and fondled Dana's large breasts, he sensed an upswing in her emotion. 

She laid her hands on top of his head, but did not try to force it to go anywhere or hold it still. Instead, she ran her fingers lightly through his hair and over his scalp in a relaxing manner. Paul released her breast with his upper hand and let it slide down her ample stomach to her hairless mons. It was sticky from her earlier sex and below that, her thick labia protruded outward. He worked a finger between her outer lips and wiggled it around to find her well-used hole. Paul used the slick mixture of cum and pussy juice to coat his finger and then moved it towards the top of her pussy to find her clit. 

It wasn't hard to feel the hard little knob under its protective covering and when he rubbed his finger over it, Dana closed her eyes and groaned softly under him. Paul shifted his mouth from her breast to her lips and once more, they joined in a soft, tender kiss. He showed no hurry and let her tongue move around his as if exploring for the very first time. He continued frigging her and she turned partially over on her side to face him and give a better angle to penetrate her. 

He kissed her for a couple of minutes and then their lips parted and he moved himself to straddle her waist. "Look at what you've done to me already," he said quietly and nodded down to his crotch. Dana's eyes followed his glance and she saw his cock was standing out rigidly. "No matter what you may hear or think others say about you, you are a very beautiful and attractive woman. You've gotten me completely hard without doing anything, but I'm not going to force myself on you. Instead, I'll relent this time and let you be the one to decide what we do and how we do it. Okay?"

Dana looked up at him and he thought she was going to cry again. Instead, she nodded and just held her arms up to him. Paul laid back down on top of her body and she held him close. "Thank you," she whispered in a strained voice. "I want you to make love to me and then use me any way you want."

Paul didn't say anything. He kissed her lips lightly and reached down between them to guide his cock into her waiting pussy. As he eased inside her, Dana closed her eyes again and he felt her relax completely in his arms. Paul moved his legs outside of hers and pulled them together so that her pussy and ample thighs were squeezing his cock. He started moving his body slowly up and down hers, traveling only about an inch or two each way, but with her pussy so tight around his cock and her clit being rubbed by his pubic area, they were both getting stimulated very quickly.

She was the first to climax, and he felt her body quivering under him as she gasped and moaned in pleasure. He came almost simultaneously after feeling her pussy contracting and relaxing over and over again around his large shaft. Afterwards, they resumed their deep, soft kiss before she suddenly rolled him over and ended up on top of his body. She pulled her lips free from his and slid herself down the length of his body. As she did so, his soft cock slipped out from her pussy and she moved all the way down between his legs to lick and suck it clean. When she finished she looked up and saw Paul smiling at her and Dana returned his smile while moving back up his body.

"What else would you like to do?" Paul asked her. She laid her head on his chest and replied, "I just want to cuddle for a bit and then make love again."

Paul stroked her head and back as she lay contentedly on his chest. They both found themselves half-dozing in the afterglow of their sex and only stirred once when someone opened the door to their room and then hurriedly closed it again. Paul couldn't tell for sure, but he thought he saw Cindy poking her head inside to see if the room was available. 

After about twenty minutes of rest, Dana struggled back to lay on her side next to Paul. "Are you ready?" she asked.

"Absolutely," he replied. "What do you have in mind?"

"I want you to take me from behind and ride me hard like you did at my home."

Paul smiled and slowly rolled over to get on his knees next to her. He held his limp cock up to her mouth and she got in a comfortable position to start sucking him back to hardness. She took time to lick down the underside of his cock and suck each of his balls until they started to ache and he gently guided her back to his penis. Within minutes, she was on her hands and knees with his dick in her mouth and his hands holding her head while he drove his cock deep into her mouth over and over. 

When he was ready, Paul pulled free from her mouth with a small "paopping" noise and took a position on the bed behind her. He had her lay her head and chest on the bed with her ass held up high, and then instructed her to hold her ass cheeks wide open for him. He leaned in and started licking her wet cunt from behind and used one finger to find her clit and rub it. Her moans of bliss were quickly followed by an increase in the juice flowing from her pussy. 
