 Chapter 30

Super Sunday

After their weekend with Deb and Kyle at Jeanne and Craig's home, Paul and Nancy took a break for a few weeks to focus on each other. It was the most enjoyable Christmas/New Year's holiday period Nancy could ever remember. Their love-making was more passionate and fulfilling than ever, and he encouraged her to spend time pampering herself. Her Christmas gifts included several sets of lingerie from her sister, a couple new sex toys from Iris and Deb that had been on her wish list, and a pair of diamond earrings from Paul that must have cost him a small fortune. 

She decided to surprise Paul one evening with a romantic candlelight dinner when he returned from a short trip. She met him at the door wearing her newest negligee over a black push-up bra and a lacy thong. The house was lit solely by candles and when he embraced her for a kiss, she could feel his hard-on growing against her tummy. 

Nancy helped him out of his clothes and into some flannel pajama pants and a t-shirt she had set aside in the living room. She smiled to herself when she saw how aroused he was when she pulled his pants and shorts down and was tempted to skip dinner and go straight to bed. However, she restrained her carnal desires and temporarily satisfied herself with just kissing and holding him close on the sofa. 

He must have had similar thoughts and when his hands started roaming to more sensitive areas of her body, Nancy had to push him away with a promise of delights after dinner. They got up from the sofa and headed into the breakfast nook where she had dinner set out on the small table. As they ate dinner and shared a bottle of wine, Nancy saw his eyes looking at her appreciatively and felt the familiar thrill of knowing that he loved her and found her attractive.

After dinner, he helped her clean up and they retired to their bedroom to make love for the first time that night. They took turns undressing each other and then Paul laid her on her back in bed. He spent the first half-hour exploring her body; kissing, licking, and fondling her exactly the way she liked best without missing a spot. He saved her pussy for last and by the time his mouth reached it, her cunt was already dripping with her love juice. He was gentle and caring and took his time bringing her to climax with just his mouth. When her orgasm subsided, he mounted her and lay on top of her supine form. 

Paul's arms were under Nancy's back and shoulders and he barely moved inside her while they kissed and professed their undying love. They remained locked together for nearly an hour while they loved one another and during that time, they each climaxed. After he ejaculated deep inside her pussy, Paul's cock grew soft and eventually was pushed out by her vaginal muscles. He rolled to his side pulling her over with him so that they faced one another and could continue their love-making. 

Eventually, they both fell asleep, but woke up to make love two more times that night. In the morning, he drew a hot bubble bath with some bath oil added in their jetted tub where they spent another hour washing, caressing, and fondling each other under a blanket of warm, slippery suds. 

Nancy couldn't remember the last time she had felt so relaxed and at peace. They sat in their sun room to have their morning coffee with some Danish pastries that she had picked up the day before, but she started feeling restless and wanted to get out and do something. They were just getting ready to leave the house for a drive when their doorbell rang. 

Paul opened the door to see Nancy's sister, Ann smiling back. "We were just leaving, but come on in," he told her. 

Ann quickly apologized and offered to stop by at a more convenient time, but he dismissed it with a wave of his hand. "No need. We were just going out to get some fresh air."

Nancy came downstairs and her face broke into a wide smile when she saw her younger sister. Paul took Ann's coat and they all went back to the sun room to chat. 

"I just wanted to stop by and say, 'Hi'," Ann told them. "We've all missed you guys the last six weeks and hope you're doing well."

Nancy assured her that they were doing exceptionally well and she'd never been happier. She showed off the new earrings that Paul gave her for Christmas which caused Ann's eyes to grow wide. "Wow! Those are beautiful!" she exclaimed. "James needs to spend more time with Paul and maybe some of that will rub off on him so that I'll get a present like that!"

The women laughed and conceded that neither one would trade her husband for anyone else. Ann then changed the subject. 

"A bunch of us are thinking about getting together for a Super Bowl party in three weeks. Would you guys be interested in joining us?" she asked.

Nancy looked at Paul who shrugged his shoulders. Looking back at her sister, she replied, "Sounds like it could be fun. Exactly what kind of party are you talking about, though?"

Ann giggled. "Oh, you know how those things go. If the game gets boring or something, I'm sure people will find another way to socialize and have fun."

Her meaning was pretty clear to Nancy. "I think we could be up for that," she responded with a glance up at Paul who just nodded his head in agreement. "Where is it going to be and who all is coming?"

"Well, we're still working that out. Dana and Steve volunteered their home, and so did Jamie and Bryan. We thought about holding it at our place, but the living room is kind of small for a large group. Besides them, Mary and Frank, Bill and Cindy, and of course Deb and Kyle plan on coming."

Nancy nodded. "Well, count us in, too. I can bring some food or drinks, so just tell whoever is hosting the party to give me a call so we can work it out."

Ann stayed a few more minutes before getting up to leave. She gave her sister a warm hug and before she left, she also gave Paul a hug that was more than sisterly. 

~~~

The Super Bowl party was going to be held at Bryan and Jamie's home. Neither Paul or Nancy had ever been to their house but they didn't have any problem finding it. The long line of cars parked around it was a good hint. The inside door was open and they walked in through the outer storm door with Paul carrying a large deep dish with a three bean dip that Nancy had prepared. Jamie met them in the hallway and showed Paul to the kitchen with Nancy following. They could already hear the noise from a large group of their friends who were gathered in the den where the pre-game show was on TV.

Paul dropped off the dish he was carrying and followed the noise to find the rest of the group. He found all the men standing in the den talking loudly with only a couple of the women in the room with them. The remaining women were back in the kitchen talking about topics with which they were more interested. Bryan called out across the room to give him a loud welcome and then pointed to the adjoining backyard deck where two coolers were sitting. One had various beers and the other contained soft drinks. Paul made his way through the crowd to get a beer and then rejoined the group. He spent several minutes filling everyone in on what he and Nancy had been up to since they last got together with their friends. 

Over the next twenty minutes, the women slowly trickled into the den to join their husbands. Before the Super Bowl started, Bryan called for quiet and waited for the group to settle down.

"Welcome everyone to our Super Bowl Game. Jamie and I thought that since we haven't had a Game Night in the past two months, we'd make this our 'Game Day'. If we have anyone who is an ardent fan or has a clear favorite team in the Super Bowl, let me know."

Two men and one woman raised their hands. Bryan separated them into two groups based on their team preferences, with Frank and Jamie on one side and Bill on the other. 

"Okay, you three are the captains of your teams. You get to pick sides, but have to alternate boy-girl with your picks. Bill, you start by picking a woman for your team," Bryan instructed.

Over the next five minutes, all the guests were divided into two groups that were evenly comprised of four men and four women. Paul and Nancy were both on Bill's team, along with Ann. Kyle, Deb, Steve, and Maria, Frank and Jamie's team included Dana, Bryan, James, Mary, Jack, and Cindy.

"Now that we've got our teams decided, it's time to cover the rules of the game," Bryan told the two groups. "If your football team scores a touchdown, then everyone in other group has to perform a service for your side. Whenever your team kicks a field goal or an extra point, each person on the other team has to remove an article of clothing that you select. Obviously, everyone doesn't have to remove the same item since men don't wear bras," he said, which got a laugh from everyone. 

"5 and 10 yard penalties will also result in the other side losing a piece of clothing while 15 yard penalties cost just one person on the other side a sexual favor. Finally, turnovers cost a sexual favor from one person on the side losing the ball." Bryan paused to look around the room. "Now, while people will be losing clothing during the game, we're going to keep a tally on the number of favors they owe and after the game, we'll let the teams take turns calling those favors." The room started buzzing with noise as everyone started thinking about what kind of favors they would call in from their opponents.

"Once we've worked through all the sexual favors, the people on the winning team get to pick a member of the other team to be their sex toy for the rest of the evening." Bryan's last comment caused a stir in the room as everyone started looking around at the other team and thinking about who they would pick from the other side.

"Go and freshen up your drinks because it looks like the game is going to start in a couple more minutes," Bryan told them. "Find a seat, make yourselves comfortable, enjoy the game on TV, and we especially hope you enjoy the game in here."

Paul found a large chair that he and Nancy could share together while she went back into the kitchen for another glass of wine. She returned just after the opening kick-off and he scrunched over so she could squeeze in beside him. He put his arm around her and felt her snuggle up against him. The football game proceeded uneventfully for most of the first quarter until Paul's team received a five-yard penalty. The room immediately grew loud with voices as people on the other team argued over how they would impose the penalty on Paul's team. Eventually, each person on Frank and Jamie's team got to tell each person on Bill's team what they had to remove. Paul wasn't surprised when Dana told him to remove his jeans, while Nancy and the other women on their team had to remove their shirts.

Teir team was hit with another 5-yard penalty at the beginning of the second quarter and he was removing his shoes when the other team scored a touchdown. The room erupted with shouts of glee from the scoring side and Bryan marked a team favor on his "scorecard" against Bill's side.

On the ensuing kick-off, Frank and Jamie's team was flagged for a personal foul which resulted in an 'individual favor' being recorded against their side. By halftime, Paul was essentially naked and had only his socks on; Nancy was down to her thong; Maria and Ann were the only members of the team with two items of clothing left and that was because they started with six items instead of five like everyone else. However, his football team was ahead by three points.

The other side was even worse off. Everyone was nude except for Mary who like Paul, was down to her socks. However, they only had two team favors charged against them and three individual favors, while Bill's team had four team favors and three individual favors.

At halftime, everyone was already looking forward to the end of the game. As everyone milled around talking and drinking, it was impossible for them to keep their hands to themselves and several couples had already started their hook-up. Dana was the first to approach Paul and begin her own version of "trash talk" by telling him how she was looking forward to owning him for the night and what she planned to do to him. He only half-listened, though because his thoughts were captured by her face. When he first met Dana, her eyes and face had immediately captured his attention. Her oval face was dominated by her large, very pale blue eyes and her small red lips were accentuated by her very pale, flawless skin. 

He initially found her to be very lively and funny and she had taken an immediate interest in him. Later, he discovered that her ready smile belied her very dominant bedroom personality and interests. She was very much into domination and submission where she was the dom and her partner was the submissive and she was telling Paul how she intended to control him after the game. However, while she was talking to him, Deb came up from behind to reach around and cup his nuts in her hand. 

"Well, hello there, Stranger," she cooed over his shoulder. Paul turned to see Deb and she reached up to give him a big, sloppy kiss. If Dana was put off by the intrusion, she didn't show it. She remained a couple more minutes talking with Deb and Paul before getting bored and walking away. Deb moved around to take her place in front of Paul and continued to fondle his manhood while flirting quite outrageously. When they had first met, she was sexually frustrated at home. Paul and Nancy not only helped her and her husband Kyle with their communication problems in bed, but also gave Deb a chance to live out some of her deepest fantasies. That experience led to a deeper bond between the two couples and, like Dana, Deb seemed to greatly enjoy Paul over the other men she had engaged in sex. 

Her eyes were bright and her face was flushed while she talked to Paul. He could tell that she had too much to drink and was feeling quite loose, but he was polite and as soon as he could detach himself from her hold, he moved across the room. As he looked around, he saw that Nancy was becoming reacquainted with Bryan and he smiled when he remembered their last encounter at Dana's home a few months earlier. 

His gaze ran across Mary, who was talking to Bill and Cindy on the other side of the room. This was the first time she and her husband, Frank, had participated in an event that he had attended. Nancy met her several months earlier when Mary hosted a gathering for their mutual friend Iris who was conducting a sales demonstration of several items that she sold from her home business. From what Paul gathered, Mary and Frank had small children at home which generally precluded them from engaging with others in their swing group. 

The first time Paul saw her was in a video that she and Frank made using Craig and Jeanne "film studio" where she was role-playing a business woman who preyed on her male employees. Paul found her to be quite convincing and wasn't surprised in the least to find out that she really was a corporate executive. Her black hair had been tied back in a severe bun and with the conservative clothing she wore in her video, she definitely looked the part. The thought that she looked like a stereotypical teacher or librarian had crossed his mind and he wondered if that was a role she ever played.

In person, she was taller than he expected. He estimated that she was about six feet tall and had small A cup breasts that rode up high on her chest. He noticed that she had wide hips and thick legs; however, her legs appeared toned and firm. Paul picked up another beer and headed over to introduce himself. Once more, he looked around the room for Nancy and saw his wife being fondled by Bryan which made him think that the two of them were almost assuredly going to hook up later that evening. Dana was continuing to look over at him from where she was being groped by Jack and Frank and winked to let him know he was still on her menu for the evening.

Paul introduced himself to Mary and Bill introduced him to his wife Cindy. Cindy was about 5'5" tall and well-proportioned, but looked soft. Her breasts were showing signs of middle-age sag, but the first thing Paul noticed were the small gold rings that pierced each nipple. 

"Ouch!" he said with a nod to her chest. "That must have hurt."

"Not really," Cindy replied. "Mary and I were just comparing notes and hers hurt a lot more than mine and took longer to heal."

Paul looked over at Mary and noticed for the first time that she had a small jeweled piercing in her navel. When he asked about it, she told him she had always wanted to get her navel pierced, but wanted to wait until after having kids. 

"No more children for us," she declared. "As soon as we decided that last year, I went out and got my belly ring."

Paul liked her smile immediately and found it a dramatic shift from the serious look she had in her video. As they chatted, he found out that she was a business woman who ran a division in a large regional company. He commented that she looked young to be that high up in the food chain, but she dismissed his remark with a short laugh.

"I'm not really that high up, but I've been with the company since getting my MBA and they've been very good to me," she explained. "They take good care of their employees and it's a nice work environment. Towards the end of each of my pregnancies, they allowed me to telecommute because it was getting difficult for me to get around. The really nice thing about that was I didn't have to go out and buy a whole new wardrobe of maternity clothes to wear to work." She laughed again, but before they could continue, Bryan called out for everyone that halftime was over and it was time to return to the living room. 

Everyone slowly migrated into the TV room and found their seats, with a few adjustments. Bryan had Nancy sitting on his lap and Dana ended up reaching Paul before Deb and pulled him over next to her on the love seat. The game resumed and five minutes into the third quarter, everyone was completely naked and interest in the game was beginning to flag. Jamie ended up keeping track of the favors as they continued to pile up because Bryan was more interested in playing with Nancy. 

When the game finally ended, Frank and Jamie's team had won the Super Bowl. They began to alternate going through the favors that each side had acquired, beginning with Frank and Jamie's team. They opted to call in a group favor from the other side that resulted in each member of Paul and Nancy's team performing two minutes of oral sex on one of their opponents. Paul was surprised when Mary called for him before Dana could and he moved over to where she was sitting to kneel between her legs. 

Her pussy was still dry and had a large bush of jet black curls around it. He gently separated her outer labia and flicked his tongue just across the surface of the inside. Halfway into his time, Mary's pussy was completely wet with her juice and he was just getting her excited when time ran out and he had to go back to his team's side. 

Paul's team called for the same group favor from their opponents and Paul smiled as he chose Mary to come service him. She knelt before him and lifted his soft cock with her fingertips. She took a few moments to look it over before licking around the head. She spent the first minute doing nothing more than licking his cock around the head and working down the underside of his shaft. When she first put it between her lips, she didn't go past his glans and while her tongue circled and placed with the tip of his cock, she ran her fingernails lightly across the underside of his scrotum which proved very stimulating. By the time two minutes were up he was almost fully erect.

However, no one paid attention to the time limit or showed any interest in stopping what they were doing. By an unspoken consensus, the game was over and it was time for the "post-game" party. Mary continued sucking Paul's cock until he was completely hard and glanced up questioningly. Paul was watched her with his dick halfway in her mouth and answered her by holding her head lightly and started thrusting into her mouth. She went back to sucking his cock and teasing his balls until he felt the first twinges of an orgasm. He carefully pulled out from her lips and helped her to her feet. He looked around to find someplace to go and decided to lead her over behind the love seat where he and Dana sat together earlier. 
