 AUTHOR'S NOTE: For this episode I changed the category from Gale Male to Group Sex because there are threesomes and straight sex in the story. 

TUESDAY'S SHOOT

Eric was up early and worked out at the fitness center since the filming was set for late morning. He had eggs for breakfast again after his workout. He was at the studio by 9:30 and the filming was to begin at 10:30. He was introduced to Timothy and Freddie, the two porn actors he would be working with that day. He was surprised with how young they looked. 

"How old are you guys?"

"I'm 19 and Freddie is 20."

"You guys look like your 15."

"Yeah we get that a lot."

"Are you both sure that you can handle my cock?"

"Oh yeah, no problem we have had some big dicks in our asses."

Just then the Director reviewed everything with them again. Eric was a salesman in the clothing store. The two slender pretty gays were to try clothes on in the fitting room. They would be in there longer than Eric thought was normal. He would check the time and then check on the customers. He would find them both naked with Freddie sitting on the seat in the fitting room and Timothy kneeling and sucking cock. Eric would then shed his clothes and shove his cock into Timothy's ass.

Timothy's ass would be well-lubed so Eric could enter it. Eric was to fuck Timothy until he came and then he was to shoot on the lovely bottom. When Freddie came, he was to shoot on Timothy's face and hair. Then the two pretty gays were to swap positions and Freddie would suck Timothy. Eric would then fuck Freddie. This time Eric and Timothy would ejaculate on Freddie's face and buttocks.

The filming went very well and Eric enjoyed fucking both curvy asses. The three of them showered and dressed. Eric met with the Director as there was a change in plans for the week.

"Eric, Victor can't make the shoot for Thursday. Any change you could do it on Saturday?"

"Sure, no problem. In fact, Saturday works better for me."

"Great, I'll see you then. Be here at 9:00 AM."

"Will do."

Eric headed back to the apartment and arrived around 3:00 PM. He and Traci ate a light dinner and then she was off to work. Eric had his first class that night and he headed out to the campus. He would be very busy in the days ahead with his porn career, college classes and homework, workouts at the fitness center along with spending quality time with Traci.

HIT ON AT THE FITNESS CENTER

The shoot on Wednesday was very routine with another cute gay sucking and fucking Eric in the fitting room. Eric went to work out after the filming. Once again, he wore tight spandex shorts that emphasized his package. It did not go unnoticed. He was getting ready to leave when a somewhat attractive woman spoke to him.

"Are you in a hurry? Why not sit in the Jacuzzi with us?"

Eric looked at the woman who had short blonde hair and a decent figure that he guessed to be 35-30-35. She was not a looker but was not sore to the eye either. The other woman, a brunette, smiling at him looked to be about the same stature as the blonde. He guessed them both to be in their early to mid-thirties. 

"I didn't bring a swimsuit."

"I'm sure that you can think of something."

Eric smiled and headed for the locker room. He slipped off his spandex and put on the nylon shorts that he had worn over them. He headed for the jacuzzi commando style. When he arrived the two women were already in the jacuzzi wearing tasteful two-piece swimsuits. He eased his body into the water and sat across from the women. They introduced themselves, Barbara was the blonde and Susan was the brunette. Barbara spoke first as they moved to either side of Eric.

"We can't very well get acquainted sitting across from each other."

They sat on either side of him and let their legs touch his. It would not take much to get him hard as he had only cum once that morning at the studio. Their thighs touching his did the trick and his shorts were tenting underwater. He felt Barbara's hand slip under his shorts and grasp his erection.

"Oh my, what have we here? Susan, I think we have horse in the jacuzzi with us."

"Really, let me feel. Oh, I see what you mean."

Susan had taken a hold of the shaft too and her hand was just above Barbara's. The two women stroked the big cock underwater and Eric was sure that they would make him cum. Barbara had other ideas.

"Eric, we can't do anything here at the club. Would you like to come to my place and entertain Susan and me?" 

"I don't know. I guess I could. Do you live far from here?"

"It's a short drive. Let's get changed."

With that the three of them got dressed and Eric met them outside. Barbara drove a Mercedes that reeked with class. They drove to her French Provincial style home and she parked in the garage. The entire neighborhood was posh. Inside the home Eric was blown away with the exquisite décor and Eric work. Barbara opened a bottle of Champagne and brought it to her bedroom. The two women shed their clothes and Eric liked their fit bodies. He took off his clothes and the women admired his muscles and manhood.

The three got in bed and Barbara handed them Champagne. They toasted each other and sipped the bubbly. It was Eric's first champagne and he knew it had to be expensive to taste so good. Barbara then dipped his cock in her glass and sucked the champagne off his dick. Susan did the same thing and the two women kept at it until they were ready to be fucked.

"If you keep that up ladies, I'm going to cum in your Champagne."

"That would be delightful but first we need you to fuck us," Barbara replied.

She mounted his cock and lowered her sopping wet pussy onto to it. Susan straddled his face and he licked her pussy. Barbara came quickly and she rode it out before moving off him. Susan quickly mounted the impressive cock and rode it until she too orgasmed. Then the two women were back at him, licking his shaft and passing it back and forth to suck on. Eric warned them he was close and then he shot a huge load between their faces. 

The women giggle over the massive ejaculation and licked each other's face clean. Eric was amused too as he thought the scene could easily be from a porn movie. The women lay facing his feet as they licked his cock clean. He played with their shapely asses and toyed with their nether holes. Barbara spoke in her soft voice.

"We don't do anal, if that is what you're thinking."

"Too bad, you both have nice asses."

"Even if we liked anal, we wouldn't try it with your big dick. Let's shower and I'll make something for us to eat."

They showered together in a large stall with two shower heads. Eric knew that Barbara had to be from money. Over lunch, he learned that she had her own company, an Executive Search Firm. Susan worked for Barbara and they worked out of Barbara's home. She quizzed Eric about his life.

"So, do you have a girlfriend?"

"Yes, kind off, we live together but see other people too."

"That's interesting! Where do you work?"

"I go to college and I work there as an intern," he replied opting not to mention the porn business.

"Will we see you at the fitness center again?"

"Probably, my hours are inconsistent so I go at different times."

"Well, I hope we will see you again in the future. Right now, Susan and I have some calls to make so I must send you away."

The two women cleaned up in the dining area as Eric got dressed, gathered up his gear and called for a taxi. They bid him goodbye with that European style kiss on both cheeks. He left the house and took the taxi back to the apartment. Traci was ready for work and he had to get ready for class.

THURSDAY WITH TRACI

Eric woke up early Thursday morning and made a pot of coffee. He used the time that Traci slept to get some homework done. It was around 10:00 AM when she stirred and asked him to come to bed with her. They had not had sex since Sunday and she was anxious to have him fuck her. First though, she played with his cock, sucking and stroking it. 

She liked watching him shoot especially his first of the day. He warned her he was going to cum and she took it from her mouth and stroked it until he ejaculated. His seed covered his chest and abs and she moved over him rubbing her body onto his cum-covered body. He liked her tits pressing into his chest and he cupped her ass in his hands. He could feel her smaller erection pressing against his pubes. 

"Will you massage me again this morning?"

"Of course, I love massaging your body."

It was a routine that Traci had come to love. He always took his time giving her a complete body massage saving her ass for last. When he got to her ass, she raised up on her knees keeping her face and shoulders on the mattress. Eric was sitting alongside her fondling her buttocks with massage oil and toying with her cute pucker. He ran his hand over her stiff dick, over the taut ball sac, across the perineum and onto her anus. Traci shivered with delight. 

Eric gently probed her rubbery ring gradually sinking his finger into her bottom. He switched to his thumb and let his fingers dance along the hard flesh between her anus and testicles. Next he pushed two fingers in her bottom and his cock was throbbing with desire. Unable to wait any longer, he moved behind her and eased his thick meat into her rectum. Traci groaned as she always did with the initial penetration.

Eric fucked her slowly watching the erotic sight of his cock sliding in and out of her ass. He fondled her lovely bottom as he fucked her. He felt the ejaculation building within him and he asked her preference. Cum in her or on her?

"Cum on me Eric and then put it back in. I love that."

He pulled out and aimed his cock at her dilated anus. Streams bounced off of her pucker and ran down her inner thighs. Gathering up his seed with the head of his dick, he pushed it back in her ass. He did that several times pushing more and more semen back into her rectum. Finally, Traci, flopped forward on the bed and sighed.

"Oh my God, I love starting the day like this with you."

"What did you have in mind to do today?"

"Let's get cleaned up and go to Sausalito for lunch. I love sitting outside and looking at the Bay. We can have Bloody Marys with lunch."

"I love that I never get carded there."

"They're laid back; besides you look over 21."

They showered, dressed and Traci drove them to Sausalito. They had a long leisurely lunch with several Bloody Marys and then headed back home. It was perfect timing to beat the traffic on the Golden Gate Bridge. Back at the apartment they relaxed with a glass of wine, listening to music and reading. Eric was reading his homework assignment. 

Right before dinner he received a call from the studio that the Saturday shoot was changed. He could pick up a new script on Friday. It would be a new film with a bisexual couple. Eric was curious about the script and how it would play out. Traci was also anxious to learn more about the bisexual filming. 

They had pasta for dinner, some more wine and then it was off to bed. Eric slept in her bed as usual for a Thursday. They fucked in the spoon position and this time he came in her ass as he gave her a reach around. Traci ejaculated onto the bedsheet and he wrapped his arms around her and fondled her titties. They loved falling asleep like that after great sex.

SATURDAY WITH A BI-COUPLE

Friday's filming was fairly routine with Eric fucking another attractive gay teen in the mockup fitting room. The Director announced that film was a wrap and then he gave the new script to Eric.

"You will like this couple Eric. They are actually husband and wife."

"Married, that's wild."

"Not really, there are a number of married couples in this business. Anyway, I'll see you about 9:00 tomorrow."

Eric got cleaned up and went to the Wharf for brunch and lattes. Traci would meet him there. He was sipping his latte and reading the script when she arrived. He stood up and once again they greeted each other with their cheeks touching and blowing kissed into the air. He admired Traci again as she always looked like a pretty young woman. They dined and he told her about the script. Later they left and she got ready for work and he went to his Friday class.

On Saturday, Eric was up early and Traci was dead to the world when he left the apartment. He had a light continental breakfast and arrived at the studio at 9:00 as planned. He was introduced to Ricky and he would meet Mindy later for the second shoot. Eric was to play the role of a masseur and be seduced first by the husband and then by the wife. The third shoot, which would be on Monday, would a threesome with the couple.

The Director gave final instructions and the set was simple with a massage table and a cart with oils on it. The call was for to filming to be begin. Ricky looked to be about 5'5" and probably didn't weigh more than 130 pounds. He stretched out on the massage table wearing just knit underwear. Eric stared at him briefly as Ricky looked so feminine in the near nude. He reminded Eric of Scotty. Ricky had blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. The skin was hairless and without a blemish and when Eric began the massage, he felt the smooth texture of Ricky's skin.

Eric began the massage at Ricky's neck and shoulders and worked his way down Ricky's back. As he massaged his effeminate client, Eric felt his cock harden in his shorts. Ricky had turned his head to one side resting on his hands folded on the massage table. He noticed the bulge in Eric's shorts and he smiled. Eric moved down to the end of the table and began to massage Ricky's calves and feet. Eric massaged the calves up to the back of the knees and then the thighs just below his buttocks.

"Let me take these off so that you don't get any oil on them." 

Ricky then pulled off his underwear and tossed them on the floor. Eric saw the small erection as the underwear came off but Ricky turned quickly back to his stomach. Eric read the cue card.

"Do you want a towel over you?"

"No, I'm okay, thanks!"

Eric then stared at the shapely ass before him and he was pleased that it looked so good. Now that he looked at Ricky's ass it looked every bit as good as any that he had butt fucked. The ass was ivory white and in stark contrast to his tan body. The tan lines served to further emphasize the shapely curvy bottom. 

"Aren't you going to massage my bottom? I love to have my bottom massaged too."

"Sure I can do that if you like."

Eric poured more oil on his hands and moved them toward Ricky's alluring ass. He then began to rub Ricky buttocks and the two globes felt marvelous in his hands. Eric's cock was now throbbing. Ricky began to rotate his ass under the strong hands. The guys read from the cue cards.

"Oh that feels wonderful. You have great hands and I love the way you massage my bottom."

"I think that we better do the front now."

"Oh would you do my shoulders again first."

Eric moved to the head of the table and began to massage Ricky's shoulders again. As he massaged the shoulders, Ricky let his hands drift to Eric's shorts. Eric felt the hands fumbling with his shorts as Ricky freed the big cock. Eric tried to step back but Ricky held on to the big thick shaft. They continued to read from the cue cards and play on the seduction.

"Relax and let me enjoy your beautiful cock." 

"We shouldn't, not in here."

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass some more and lubricate my anus this time?" 

Eric followed the instructions and began to massage Ricky's ass. Eric then worked Ricky's ass just as he had any he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the rubbery ring. Eric put one then two fingers in Ricky's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Eric. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Eric got up on the massage table and lowered his body onto Ricky. Eric held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the entrance. Ricky held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up and stretched the sphincter. Ricky's ass opened up and welcomed the big cock into the warm slick passage. 

The two of them moved together as the experienced pros they were. Ricky rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the massage table. This move accentuated the round shape of the shapely ass. Eric like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Ricky groaned repeatedly each time Eric buried his cock in the receptive ass.

Eric was ready to shoot so he pulled his cock out and fired a massive load onto the slender effeminate body. Ricky groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot onto him followed by several more streams. He was cum-drenched from his neck to his anus. Eric put his cock back in and moved his hips in and out until he was drained. He pressed his body into Ricky and remained still. Eric was still hard when he removed his cock from the well-fucked ass and got off the massage table. 

Ricky turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Eric moved in and rubbed Ricky's balls until he ejaculated. Ricky's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on Ricky's chest, abs and pubes. Eric got towels for both of them. They wiped the semen from their body and then they got dressed. 

"That was the best massage ever. I'm going to book another appointment with you."

"I'll look forward to it."

"Cut, that was fucking great," the Director called out. He then gave instructions to Eric. "Get something to eat and drink and hang out in the lounge. When Mindy arrives, we'll shoot the second scene."

Ricky decided to hang around and watch his wife get fucked with the big cock. He knew that she had never had one quite so thick. The guys put on robes and headed for the lounge. Eric liked Ricky and he was impressed with how casual he was about he and his wife being in the porn business. 

THE SHOOT WITH RICKY'S WIFE

Mindy was a good-looking young woman with blonde hair and blue eyes. She was about 5'4" tall and Eric guessed that she weighed about 110 pounds at the most. Mindy had worn shorts and a tube top so Eric noticed that she had nice shapely legs and a very cute ass. Mindy was small breasted and she had a narrow waist. 

Eric, Mindy and Bruce the Director, went over the scene. He reminded them to check the cue cards periodically. The scene began with Mindy lying face down on the massage table with a towel covering her bottom. She was naked above and below the towel and Eric was sure that she was naked under it. He felt his cock stir in his pants as he thought about fucking her. Eric took some massage oil and began rubbing it into her shoulders and back. As Eric massaged the slender attractive blonde, he felt that she resembled her husband and he recalled how he enjoyed fucking Ricky in the ass.

Eric's hands moved all over Mindy's upper body and she was totally relaxed. He then moved his hands to her legs beginning with her feet and calves. Eric massaged the calves and then his hands moved higher to her thighs. He took his time with her thighs massaging one at a time and at times he intentionally came close to her pubic area and buttocks. 

Purposely, the towel then slipped off of Mindy's bottom and no move to was made to retrieve it. Eric stared at Mindy lying on her stomach with her cute round ass on display. He thought her ass resembled Ricky's ass in that position and once again he recalled slipping his cock into that hot ass. He put an ample amount of oil on his hands and began to massage her buttocks. She was in a dreamy state when she felt Eric's hand slid into the crack of her ass and a tingle ran through her body. Mindy's ass was so sensitive. Recognizing her pleasure, Eric allowed his fingertip to brush her nether hole. Mindy's body twitched not in alarm but in excitement. 
