 This is the true story of the first time a former girlfriend and I had a threesome. Only the names have been changed, including hers, and a couple of identifying details. Incidentally, I wouldn't condone mixing drink, drugs and driving today - this happened years ago and attitudes were different then.

The night we had the threesome with her boss, Naomi had called me after work and said she was going to go over to a hotel bar a block over and have a drink with some workmates. She asked if I'd like to join them and I did, driving into town and going up to the piano bar. But when I got there, it was just Naomi and Bob, most of the others had decided to go straight home and the only one who'd joined them stayed for only one drink. But that was ok, Bob was a guy I liked and Niomi spoke well of how he managed their team at the ad agency. He was a big teddybear of a man, jovial and friendly - and a bit of a pot-head.

Naomi liked white rum and, knowing that I would be able to drive her home and she could leave her car safely locked in the basement car park of her work office block, she'd already had a few by the time I arrived and was on her way to getting drunk. After I'd had a couple of drinks, we were pretty much ready to leave but Bob suggested we go back to his car and share a joint which would 'keep him going' til he got home.

So we made our way back to Bob's car in their office car park and he grabbed his stash from the glovebox. I think it was me who noticed that his car was in view of the street through the wide mesh of the security door and even though it was after dark I was concerned about passers-by. So I suggested we sit in Naomi's car instead, further back in the garage and out of sight of the street.

We got into the car, Bob in the driver's seat for some reason, Naomi alongside him up front and me in the back. Naomi took a toke on the joint and then motioned me to 'shotgun' the smoke with her, to share the smoke she'd already inhaled with her in a mouth to mouth exchange, which we did as she leaned back between the front seats. Naomi drunk was Naomi horny and the exchange of smoke turned into a deep kiss and by the time the joint was passed around and just about finished we were really at it, tongues down each other's throats. She started rubbing at my crotch so I started groping her tits and next thing she was ripping my jeans open and sucking my hard cock. 

Bob looked on with a big grin and took a last toke on his joint as I unclipped the straps of Naomi's yellow cotton dungarees and lifted her t-shirt and bra so I could play with her generous tits as they hung down. From the front, Bob now squeezed Naomi's arse, running his hands all over and between her buttocks and sliding his hand between her legs. It really turned me on to see him touching her and when he looked at me as if checking it was cool, I gave him a nod and pushed the 

top of her dungarees down further. He took over and pulled them off completely, along with her knickers, while I pulled her t-shirt and bra off over her head.

At that, Naomi was completely naked, jammed face down between the front seats, 

gobbling eagerly on my cock in the back and wiggling her arse against Bob's 

hand in the front as he first finger-fucked, then very nearly fist-fucked 

her. I knew we couldn't go any further in the car so I asked Bob if we could we take her upstairs. He grinned and said: "Sure, I've got the keys - let's go."

It was easier said than done. It had been good dope and Bob and I were both ripped. But Naomi was by now ripped on top of drunk and Bob had to help her back into the passenger seat then I came round and helped her out of the car. She swayed there, naked, as I caught sight of the fact that to cross from the car to the lift put us in sight of the gate to the street again. Then Bob announced additionally that a van over the other side of the car park meant the cleaners were still in the building. "Better get her dressed," he said.

I struggled for a minute or so trying to turn Naomi's tangled dungarees the right way out to get them back on her then I struggled equally trying to get her to step into them. She could hardly stand up but she had an ear to ear smile on her and kept groping at me and saying "Take me upstairs and fuck me!". Bob came round and stood there for a moment taking in a good view of my naked 21 year old girlfriend. Naomi had a great figure, not skinny but nicely rounded with a slim waist that accentuated her largish breasts. She had a luscious face with heavy lidded 'come to bed' eyes and a sensuous full mouth.

I got Bob to help keep her on her feet while I stepped her into the dungarees. He took the opportunity to run his hands across her breasts and said something like: "Man, I always thought she had nice tits." 

We had to support her to the lift. On the way up, she was still groping at me and was ready to start fucking in the hallway outside the 

office while Bob was unlocking the door. We walked Naomi straight into the 

boardroom, lit only by streetlights through the windows, and I stripped her again - more like tore the flimsy dungarees from her - and she slumped onto the carpeted floor and lay there running her hands over her body while I stripped naked and Bob, conscious of being slightly overweight, stripped from the waist down. 

Naomi was on her back so I immediately kneeled between her legs and slipped my cock into her juice slicked clean shaven pussy. Bob kneeled at her head and groped her tits while she 

twisted round and took his cock in her mouth. One thing I always liked about dope was the way it made me able to hold off cumming so I was able to fuck her long and hard despite how huge a turn on it was to see her lying beneath me, one hand frigging at her clit as my cock banged in and out of her sopping cunt and the other hand holding onto Bob's balls as he learned that Naomi's greatest sexual talent was her ability to deep throat

She squirmed and writhed, cumming over and over, making a lot of noise between mouthfuls of cock, moaning 'fuck me, fuck 

me!' each time she felt another orgasm building then screaming as she came.

After a while, I pulled out of her. We all needed a break. Bob crawled a few feet away and sat there leaning back against the wall.

By this time Naomi had no real say in what was going on and she didn't care, she was totally off her face - and totally into whatever we wanted to do to her as long as she kept cumming. I motioned to Bob and searched for the right words. 'Excuse me, would you like to fuck my girlfriend for a while?' No, hardly. In the end it just came out: "Do you want a go?"

He didn't hear me at first nor the second time so I just said: "Do you want to fuck her?" but he said: "No, you go on." 

So I rolled Naomi over and got her on her hands and knees and Bob watched as I took her doggy fashion, reaching round to frig her to another orgasm. Then I pulled out and eased her over to where Bob was and she dropped her head down into his lap, her mouth full of his cock as I recommenced fucking her from behind.

I've no idea how long we were at it, probably no more than an hour in actuality from the car to the end but, finally, I couldn't hold off anymore. By then, Naomi's cunt had become a bit dry, though she still kept cumming, and I was getting sore. So I let go and it felt like I shot half a pint of boiling cum into her.

When I pulled out, I motioned to Bob to take over and said: "Go ahead." He shook his head. 

"Don't you want to fuck her?" I asked, and he said no, it was all right.

I thought then Naomi must have sucked him off already - not only could she deep throat but she could swallow streams of cum without missing a beat or a breath. But I learned the next day that he hadn't cum and on the following Monday evening Naomi said she and Bob had talked briefly about it at work and she asked why he kept pulling out of her mouth just as he seemed about to cum. He told her he hadn't wanted to be completely unfaithful to his wife, but he had enjoyed himself and had really got off on watching us fucking.

The morning after the threesome, Naomi was incredibly swollen down there. One of her inner lips was puffed up as thick as a finger and sticking out in a ridge of tender flesh. It looked so bad, I was ready to take her to the doctor's but she was proud of her distended, battered cuntlips like they were some sort of badge of battle. The swelling took about two days to go down completely and she joked 

quite proudly about how she was having trouble walking. She said the sex was incredible and what she'd really enjoyed was being completely out of control and having Bob and me fuck and grope her like a piece of meat.