 After mine and Naomi's first threesome, a chance encounter involving her boss that I detailed in 'Naomi's First Threesome', and before we discovered swingers parties, we'd wondered for months how to repeat the experience. 

For a while, we looked at trying to set up another threesome and among the options we'd discussed was trying to seduce a teenage female co-worker of Naomi's. 

However, though we'd abandoned that idea for fear of things going wrong and the risk of Naomi losing her job, about a year afterwards we ended up in an FFM threesome with a teenage co-worker of mine.

And it happened on Naomi's birthday, or, at least, on the night we held a birthday party for her at our place.

The guests were a couple of our more discreet new friends from the couples parties and a crowd of workmates from the places Naomi and I worked at.

Among them was Kathy, a timid little 18 year old brunette who worked in the same office as me.

She had a sexily skinny teenage physique with pert breasts and she favoured short dresses that flicked up in back sometimes as she was walking away, affording a split second flash of her knickers.

I didn't need a degree to figure out she fancied me. Sometimes I'd look up and Kathy would be staring at me, then she'd blush and get back to work. 

But I never did anything about it. Why risk spoiling the sexually superheated relationship I had with Naomi for a fling with an inexperienced kid?

But on the night of Naomi's party, I got to have both.

Kathy showed up in a clingy little sky blue dress that fastened up the front with tiny matching fabric-covered buttons. 

It was so short it barely covered her ass and she spent the first hour or so sitting in a corner sipping on a wine cooler, showing a lot of thigh and watching me come and go. 

Then I saw her in the kitchen with one of the other girls talking her into trying something harder and next thing I knew she was plastered and very obviously staring at me.

"She fancies you," said Naomi, starting to get a bit pissed herself.

"I think she does," I laughed and left it at that. I'd never told her how Kathy looked at me at work. 

"You know, she reminds me of Tina" she said, referring to the girl from our very first foursome.

Now Naomi mentioned it, Kathy did look like her, only less punky.

Then Naomi leaned in and whispered in my ear. "Bet you wanna fuck her, don't you?"

I looked at her. "Why? Do you?" I whispered back

"Touche," she said, letting out an embarrassed half laugh and walking away.

It was still early on in our swinging 'career' and even though Naomi had got into a naked snog with Tina during our very first foursome, she was still testing the waters of bisexuality. 

At this stage, going with another female was just something that might happen by accident, an unintentional aside while she was being fucked by that woman's husband or boyfriend. Right then it wasn't something she might consider doing, something she might plan to do, before the event.

As I went about the party after that, I started wondering if it might be possible to score a threesome with Naomi and Kathy.

Then, only 15 minutes later, events took their own turn.

Drunk and staggery, Kathy cornered me coming out of the bathroom, hissed a slurred 'Come here, come here!' and drew me into the dimly lit laundry nearby. 

There, she threw her arms round me and kissed me drunkenly, pressing her body against mine. I put my hands on her hips and kissed her back. 

When she finally pulled her mouth away, she looked at me breathlessly, trying to read my face.

"What was that for?" I teased.

She looked at me with an expression of nervous desperation and pressed her cheek to mine, her lips beside my ear, breathing rapidly. 

"Make love to me!" she whispered, her voice quivering. "You can - I'm on the pill, I started last month! You can do it to me and I promise I'll be good!"

I still can't believe to this day I missed reading between the lines of what she said. All I can say in my defence is I was a bit pissed myself and rather distracted.

As she spoke, she pressed her body even more tightly against me and my cock began to harden. 

The fabric of her dress was deliciously thin under my hands. I could feel the waistband of her knickers and the slenderness of her hips. 

My swelling cock was bent out of shape in my underwear and I wanted to adjust it and let it stand up straight.

"We can't here..." I began but she plunged forward and planted another open mouthed kiss on my lips.

"Yes, we can! Yes, we can!" she moaned frantically, pulling my right hand up onto her breast. 

So much for being shy and timid. The booze had made her let right go. 

She was drunk and horny and ready to let me do her right there in the laundry. 

I squeezed her small firm breast and she moaned. The material of her dress and bra combined was still so thin I could feel her nipple hardening under the flat of my palm. 

Then her hand was down at the front of my trousers, squeezing at the uncomfortable bulge there, making me groan.

I could have taken her there and then, I certainly wanted to, but I eased her away from me.

"No Kathy, not here," I said. 

She looked at me desperately. "Don't you want me?"

"Of course I do," I said, "just not here and not right now. Anyone could walk in on us. Besides, I thought you wanted me to make love to you, not bang you against the wall."

"When then?"

"In a little while. After the party. Just wait."

We straightened ourselves up and emerged back into the house, me first then her. 

Kathy tried not to look at me as she crossed the room unsteadily and got herself yet another drink.

It was already late in the evening and an hour later the original 50 or so guests were down to about 10. 

With our straighter work colleagues out of the way, a couple of joints were passed around and Kathy, sitting thoroughly sozzled on the end of the sofa, let herself be persuaded by me to have a toke. 

She tried to draw the smoke in but just puffed it straight back out of her mouth.

"You could shotgun it," said Naomi, laughing and winking at me. 

I knew what she was thinking - it was shotgunning a joint that had got our first threesome rolling.

"What's that?" asked Kathy.

"I'll show you," Naomi replied and she took a toke then turned to me and we went mouth to mouth, her breathing out as I breathed in.

"Now he'll do it to you..." said Naomi, grinning at her.

"Oh..." said Kathy, embarrassed. I think she was beginning to wonder if Naomi knew about what happened in the laundry.

"Or I could do it with you, if you prefer girls," continued Naomi, teasing. 

A couple of the others laughed and one of the guys called 'Yeah! Let's see that!', embarrassing Kathy even further.

Actually I'd have liked to see it too but I was hoping to get that chance later in private. 

"Well, I prefer girls," I said, letting Kathy off the hook. 

I took the joint and sat down beside her. "When I kiss you, just open your mouth and breathe in," I told her.

Kathy did as instructed, blushing deeply as I pressed my mouth to hers in front of everyone. 

She almost kept the smoke down but ended up coughing. A guest by the name of Jim passed her a drink. 

"Maybe you should give up, Kathy," he suggested.

"Oh no," she said quickly, "I'll try again."

"You just want another kiss," Jim teased. "You'll make Naomi jealous!"

Kathy turned even redder. "Oh! I didn't mean..."

Naomi laughed and flopped back into her chair.

"It's ok," I said and shotgunned her again, this time holding my mouth to hers just overlong enough to make a joke of 'kissing' her but not so long it looked too serious.

Fifteen minutes later, Kathy was giggling loudly. Half an hour later she was nodding. By the time most of the rest of the guests were leaving, she was asleep, curled up on the end of the sofa.

The last of our guests - the last but one - left half an hour after that.

"What are you going to do with Kathy?" he asked.

"We'll think of something," giggled Naomi.

"Throw a blanket over her and let her sleep it off, I think," I said.

In addition to being drunk, Naomi was ripped but good. 

I've said it before and I'll say it again - Naomi off her head was Naomi horny as hell. And as soon as the front door closed, she threw her arms around me and rubbed her voluptuous body against mine as we tongue kissed.

We started getting hot and heavy right there in the hallway, her rubbing my cock through my trousers and me with my hand up her dress.

She giggled about Kathy being in the living room while we were groping each other in the hall, then she put her lips to my ear and whispered hoarsely: "So, come on, do you wanna fuck her?"

"That's the second time you've asked that," I replied. "Are you sure it's not you who wants to?"

"I want you to fuck me first," she said, unzipping my trousers. 

Thirty seconds later, I was up to my nuts in Naomi's smooth shaved pussy, fucking her against the door as she held her dress up around her waist.

But she was too wobbly on her feet to keep that up - we both were - so we switched to doggy fucking at the bottom of the stairs.

I reached under to frig her clit while I slipped my cock in and out of her wet pussy and soon Naomi was moaning: "Ooh yeah! Ooh god, yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Better keep it down," I said, "we don't want to wake Kathy." She was just 20 paces away around the corner in the living room.

"Why not?" Naomi gasped as I kept pumping into her. "I don't... uh! Ohh! Ooh yeah! I don't care if she... uh! walks round the corner right now and... mmmhh! sees us!"

"What would you do if she did?" I whispered hoarsely.

"Uhh! Uhh! I'd tell her... to join in... Uhhhh!"

"And what else?"

"Ohh! I'd.. uhh! I'd... uhh!! I'd... watch you... fuck her... ohhhh!!!"

Naomi started cumming noisily. I was ramming into her so hard from behind as she gasped and grunted that my groin was slapping loudly against her ass.

When she finished, I leaned over and whispered in her ear: "Do you want to go fuck Kathy now?"

"Mmm, yeah..." my girlfriend replied, drunkenly.

I withdrew from her and pulled my trousers back up.

We were trying to be quiet as we went back into the living room but Naomi was staggering and making all sorts of noise, mostly giggling insanely.

We didn't have to worry too much, though - Kathy was out cold, curled on her side like a sleeping child. 

With her lean legs and long dark hair, she looked cute. Sexy cute.

She was wearing strappy high heels of a type I find particularly horny and her dress was up round her ass showing a glimpse of white knickers stretched tightly across her buttocks.

When Naomi flopped onto the sofa beside her, Kathy only murmured drowsily.

Naomi shook her and she stirred, opening her eyes groggily. 

She could barely focus at first, then she saw me and giggled sleepily. Then she saw Naomi smiling at her and giggled again.

"Come on," I said, sitting her up.

"Where we going?" she slurred.

I looked at Naomi then back at Kathy. "Bed."

"Ooh!" she giggled. "All of us?"

It was plainly a drunken joke but I just raised an eyebrow at her. "If you like," I said evenly.

Kathy tried to look serious for a moment but then she started giggling at her own joke again. 

I guess since we were intending it to be all of us, the joke was on her.

I hauled her to her feet. She could barely stand and Naomi had to help support her.

"No, really," said Kathy, trying not to laugh, her words garbled. "What I meant to say was... something. Oh, yeah - 'good'. That's it. Good. I want to go to bed. Oops!" 

She overbalanced on her sexy heels and fell forward into my arms. She looked up at me and smiled dreamily. "Take me to bed..."

Kathy was falling through my arms so Naomi stepped in behind and slipped her arms under Kathy's and around her chest. She was almost dead weight. 

"I'm sorry for being a bother," Kathy slurred, except it came out as 'sorry for being bother...'

"It's no bother," I said.

She looked unsteadily into my eyes, so drunk and stoned she might have completely forgotten for a moment that Naomi was even there.

"I want you..." she slurred, tilting her head back until it rested on Naomi's shoulder, presenting herself to be kissed.

So I kissed Kathy's parted lips and slipped my tongue into her mouth as Naomi pressed against her from behind, then I kissed Naomi with the teenager sandwiched between us.

When I pulled away, Kathy's head lolled forward, her chin hitting her chest. She saw Naomi's arms around her and merely giggled.

I lifted her chin. She could barely hold her head up and looked at me with an unsteady gaze that drifted in and out of focus.

"Bed or here, Kathy?"

She just stared at me, her head lolling slowly.

"Kathy, bed or here?" I asked again.

"Yes... ok," she slurred.

Naomi laughed. "She's no good, she's shitfaced!"

"No more than you were with me and Bob," I reminded her.

"No way!" she protested good humoredly.

"Yes you were - you were legless and you were great. Come on, let's get her upstairs."

It took some doing to get her to the bedroom. 

Naomi and I supported her between us, a major squeeze going up the staircase, and though Kathy was just about managing to put one foot in front of the other, her legs kept giving out beneath her.

It really did remind me of when Bob and I had fucked the drunk and stoned Naomi in her workplace boardroom. 

It had taken us the best part of 10 minutes just to get her from the basement car park up to the office.

We should have taken Kathy's shoes off before trying to negotiate the stairs. She lost one of them halfway up and we had to limp her the rest of the way to the landing before I could bend down and take the other off.

Finally we lowered her into a sitting position on the edge of our double bed and let her flop onto her back.

I lifted her legs and turned her onto the bed proper and looked at Naomi.

"What now?" she asked.

"Let's get her undressed," I said.

I started trying to undo the buttons down the front of her dress but they were difficult. The dress seemed new and the buttons had never been undone before. 

Obviously it had gone on over her head and I should have been taking it off the same way but sitting her up to do it seemed like too much trouble.

After a few seconds of watching me struggle with the buttons, Naomi went: "Let me." 

As she squatted unsteadily astride Kathy on the bed, her own dress stretched tautly across her spread thighs so Naomi stopped to pull her own dress up and off over her head, swaying drunkenly as she did so.

Naomi wasn't wearing any knickers, just a lacy light green bra that was heavily underwired to support her largish tits.

She reached behind and unhitched the bra, shrugging it off and letting her breasts swing free.

"Oh..." moaned Kathy looking dazedly up at my girlfriend.

Kathy stared open mouthed at Naomi's nakedness as she squatted over her, the younger girl's gaze fixing for some seconds on her smoothly shaved pussy, a bit of a rarity in those days.

I got my own clothes off as I watched Naomi work her way down the buttoned front of Kathy's dress then part the fabric to reveal her slim body, now covered only by an erotically youthful choice of underwear, a white cotton bra speckled with tiny red love hearts and matching knickers. 

The bra even fastened in the front like a trainer and Naomi unclipped it and spread the cups aside, bearing Kathy's tits. 

I watched hopefully for a moment longer to see if Naomi did what I would do automatically at that point - cup the younger girls naked breasts in my hands - but having exposed her, Naomi just rolled off to the other side of Kathy to let me get to her.

I got on the bed.

The teenager moaned again as I pressed my body against the side of hers, pushing my hard-on against her thigh.

Naomi watched me fondle Kathy's tits then close my lips on her nipples.

The youngster's breasts were pale and small compared to Naomi's and where my girlfriend's tits were tipped with aereole and nipples somewhat darker than the surrounding flesh, Kathy's were light pink.

Her nipples grew between my lips and she moaned softly. So did I.

"You really like small tits, don't you," Naomi slurred.

I looked at her. "Feel 'em," I said, taking Naomi's right hand and placing it on one of Kathy's breasts.

The teenager lay motionless, head lolled back, as Naomi palped her right breast and I squeezed her left.

"'Course, I like yours too," I added and reached out and caressed one of Naomi's more pendulous mammaries. 

"Not as much!" Naomi said with stoned good humor. "I know you like tiny tits." 

Then she kneeled and leaned over the 18 year old, letting her breasts sway against hers. 

"Lucky Kathy," she giggled, "he loves skinny girls like you."

I went from the breasts of one to the other for a minute, caressing their flesh and sucking their nipples, contrasting Naomi's large, soft breasts as they hung down with Kathy's smaller tits resting firm and proud as she lay on her back.

"Mmm..." moaned Naomi, her nipples growing hard and big as they rubbed across Kathy's flesh. 

My cheek pressed on my girlfriend's left tit as I sucked on Kathy's right nipple and I only had to move my mouth an inch to suck Naomi's nipple in turn.

Kathy lay still, her breath shuddering with nervousness, but Naomi was moaning softly as she became more and more turned on.

Still gorging myself on their breasts, I slid my right hand down across Kathy's flat belly and slipped it straight into her knickers, cupping her bushy pubis. 

I could tell she didn't have a prominent, highly curved mound like Naomi did, Kathy was more flat there.

More contrasts between the two young women.

Kathy's legs were firmly closed at first but she parted them slightly, moaning softly in the back of her throat, as I pushed my hand further down, feeling the heat emanating between her legs. 

I wriggled my fingers between her hairy outer labia and pushed my middle fingertip between her inner lips.

She wasn't wet but she wasn't dry either; all the same I removed my hand, wet my middle finger in my mouth, tasting the bitterness of her pussy on the tip, and slipped my hand back into her panties, pushing my finger most of the way inside her.

Kathy groaned softly as I fingerfucked her but it was awkward because of the way I was reaching into her knickers, so I stopped and moved down the bed to remove them, tugging them down to her ankles then off and dropping them beside me on the covers.

A bushy mass of black pubic hair masked Kathy's pussy. 

In my mind's eye I tried to imagine her shaven as was Naomi and I knew that would be really something to see.

I spread Kathy's legs wide and pulled her outer labia apart, playing my fingertips across her clitoris which was tiny and heavily hooded. 

She shuddered and I wet my fingers with more saliva and continued gently stroking her clit.

She shuddered or jumped from time to time but I couldn't get a more positive response from her and when I pressed my index and middle fingers between her inner lips I found she was only marginally wetter than before, if at all.

I was beginning to wonder if the teenager's one-on-one enthusiasm downstairs in the laundry was going to translate all that well to a threesome in the bedroom. 

Certainly, loosened up by her earlier drinking, she'd been more than ready to indulge her romantic fantasy of sex with me. But with my girlfriend as well? 

It was obvious her acquiescence to the current situation was as a result of being even more off her head now on dope and booze. 

And as Naomi and I toyed with her body, she seemed both frightened and aroused simultaneously - and powerless to do anything about either.
