 Naomi and I got Mike's phone number before we left and we got together with them again only about a week later. 

Tina was just as shy and nervous at first as she had been the first time, especially when it came to getting undressed. The reason why was revealed when she turned away from me to pull her knickers down and then turned slowly back around, blushing. 

Mike, inspired by Naomi, had made her shave her pussy before they came out that evening. 

You've got to remember that this was before shaving and waxing was fashionable and commonplace. Even in porn magazines, the majority of models were still sporting furry beavers and a photo spread of a girl with no pubes was the exception rather than the rule. 

Many women just wouldn't do it - but most men's reaction to seeing Naomi naked for the first time was to just about drool at the sight of her soft bare mound and smooth pudenda. 

Tina was quite embarrassed at first - she'd only shaved just two hours earlier - but after I went down on her and brought her rapidly to one of her subtle, shuddering orgasms, she began to see the benefits.

Naomi and I got together with Mike and Tina three or four times over the next few months. Then they split up and that particular foursome was over.

The girls never put on a show quite like that first night again although the last time Mike and Tina came over to our place had its own special group moment.

We'd gone into the bedroom and had a session which started out pretty straightforward, me fucking Tina and Mike fucking Naomi side by side on the bed.

Then Mike spotted a length of rope sticking out from under the corner of the bed. It was one of a couple of lengths with which I'd sometimes tie Naomi when she was in the mood for a bit of bondage.

Mike was all for tying up the girls but his idea backfired because they insisted it should be him and he ended up on his back with his wrists bound over his head.

It was no great hardship for him though as Naomi's next move was to straddle him and guide his cock into her cunt, rocking back and forth on top and dangling her breasts in his face, teasing him. 

I got Tina on her hands and knees over the edge of the bed and took her from behind so we could both watch Naomi and Mike while we fucked. 

I fondled Tina's breasts with one hand while gently rubbing her clitoris with the other and pretty soon she was beginning to whimper softly in the back of her throat. I craned round so I could see her face - her expression was a mix of pain and lust as I fingered her clit while plunging my cock into her and she avidly watched Naomi riding her boyfriend.

By now, Naomi was sitting straight up over Mike and riding him hard, her ample breasts bouncing with the motion. Soon, he was panting and begging her to stop before he came. Naomi wasn't going to let up but Tina suddenly went: "Wait! Wait!" and she squirmed away from me and hopped up onto the bed.

In a split second, she threw her leg over Mike and, facing Naomi, unceremoniously sat on his face and began working her hips back and forth, rubbing her wet smooth pussy across his mouth. He'd let out a muffled cry of protest when she'd first landed on him but he quickly set to work tonguing her smooth cunt and she collapsed forward into Naomi's arms, resting her head on her shoulder. 

"Make him cum! Make him cum!" Tina groaned. It was the most vocal and assertive we ever saw her. 

Naomi obliged, squeezing, lifting and sliding back onto Mike's shaft the mere half-dozen times required to push him over the edge.

And while he arched up beneath, blasting a load of hot cum upwards into Naomi's cunt, Tina ground her aching pussy down against Mike's mouth and for once let out a proper cry of ecstasy as she held onto Naomi, burying her face in my girlfriend's neck and holding onto her tightly while the orgasm pulsed through her.

Then it was Naomi's and my turn to cum.

The girls remained atop Mike who was still relatively unable to get away. I suppose if he'd really wanted to slip the rope off his wrists he could have done but he was having too much fun.

Tina hovered over his face and he continued to lick at her. She still had her arms round Naomi, enjoying her boyfriend's tonguework anew. She began kissing Naomi's neck gently, then she drew herself up a little, and shyly kissed her on the lips and started fondling her breasts. Naomi reciprocated, stroking Tina's beautiful small tits, and Tina immediately took it further, dropping her right hand to Naomi's pussy and reaching between her legs, feeling around the hot junction between Naomi's swollen labia and Mike's hard cock. She brought her fingers out glistening with his oozing cum and smeared it across Naomi's breasts and her own. Then she returned her fingers to Naomi's pussy and started masturbating her.

I watched the show for a moment then climbed onto the bed, standing and balancing somewhat precariously beside them. 

My cock was still shiny with Tina's cunt juices as I turned Naomi's head and pressed the tip of my rigid cock to her lips which parted instantly. Holding her head, I plunged my cock into her mouth, confident in her remarkable deep throating talents. I thrust several times into her mouth, marvelling as I always did at the way Naomi could take the whole length in right down to the root. 

Then I withdrew and offered my cock to Tina who flicked her tongue tentatively across the head once or twice then opened her mouth wide to accept a good proportion of its throbbing length.

As I held onto Tina's short hair and fucked my cock in and out of her mouth, she continued to work her fingers in a rapid up and down motion across Naomi's clit. Naomi's hands were on Tina's tits but she made no move to reciprocate the masturbation. Beneath us, I could see Mike craning to get a view of what was going on but his sightline was more frequently obscured than not as Tina's pouting pussy hovered wetly over his face.

I switched back and forth two or three times between the girl's mouths and was between Tina's lips when Naomi finally came, as noisy as ever. The sound and sight of her cumming at the slim girl's hands was enough for me and I started cumming in Tina's mouth but ended with my cock in my own right hand, jerking gushers of cum across Tina's face and over Naomi's tits (and a few splashes onto Mike below) before stumbling back off the bed.

The girls, their eyes still closed from avoiding a squirt of stinging salty cum, fell together again and they shared a brief open-mouthed kiss which left them both with my cum running from their lips. Then they parted and fell off to either side of Mike.

We lay on the bed for about 20 minutes, holding our own partners. Eventually, Mike and Tina got up, showered and left. I saw them off, leaving Naomi on the bed. She had nodded off, lying there naked with cum drying on her skin.