 After the 'double threesome' with Kurt and Julie and Don and Maureen, Naomi and I carried on seeing Kurt and Julie for about three months.

Naomi had the hots for Kurt so she was arranging for us to get together with them all the time until one day she finally tired of Kurt's attitude that he was god's gift to women. I didn't complain when that happened - I was tired of Julie too. She's been hot that first night with me and Maureen but one on one she was a bit cool.

I think we must have swung with them seven or eight times but it's not a foursome with Kurt and Julie that I remember best - it's a Saturday afternoon we had a completely unplanned small scale gangbang with Kurt and Don, the guy from the original six way. 

Naomi and I had arranged to go over to Kurt and Julie's place for some fun in their pool and bedroom but somehow our wires got crossed and we thought it was supposed to be on Saturday while Kurt and Julie thought Sunday.

And when Naomi and I got there, Julie was out and Don was over. He and Kurt were sitting in front of the TV, watching sport and smoking dope. 

We sat down with them, Don rolled another joint and within 15 minutes of arriving, Naomi and I were as buzzed as they were. Before long, Naomi was flirting with Kurt, then necking with him, then on her knees in front of him sucking his cock while Don and I watched.

After a minute of enjoying her expert oral attention, Kurt suggested they go upstairs but before she could say anything, Don raised his voice and said: "Why don't we all go upstairs?"

Naomi looked at the three of us, weighing up the situation in a dopy haze. "What about Julie and Maureen?" she asked at last.

"They won't mind," Kurt assured her; Don nodded in agreement.

She took them eagerly at their word and looked to me for my approval. "Sure," I said, "why not?"

"Ok," she purred and we all went up to Kurt and Julie's bedroom, Naomi leading the way upstairs and sitting down on the edge of the queen-sized bed to take off her shoes.

Kurt and Don started out pretty much the same way as the first time - they were all over her straight away - though at least this time while they were hurriedly undressing she was able to get her shoes off and stand back up to slip her dress off. 

Then Don, his cock already thickening, pulled her down onto the bed, tugging at her bra. Laughing, she struggled back up just long enough to unclip the bra then he shoved her back down and groped hungrily at her ample breasts, burying his face in them and sucking at her nipples.

Kurt stepped in even as Naomi was falling back onto the bed and pulled her white cotton panties off. 

He tossed them aside and forced her legs roughly apart as he dropped to his knees beside the bed and plunged his face between her legs. 

He tongued her broadly for several seconds to get her shaved pussy as wet as possible as quickly as possible then said to Don: "Get her on the bed properly." 

Together they hauled her a little further onto the mattress and Kurt fell on top of her, rudely plunging his already erect cock into her without any further foreplay. "Mmm, yeah..." he groaned and thrust at her half a dozen times.

"She good and wet?" asked Don. 

"Yeah," replied Kurt, "she's always ready." 

I've got to say that Kurt, on top of being in love with himself, was a major hypocrite. I'd watched him doing the strong but sensitive act one on one with Naomi but he was as big a pig as Don when they were in it together.

All the same it didn't stop me at the time. Naomi was into being pigged out on and who was I to argue at that? 

I was only just behind Kurt and Don in getting my gear off and I went round and got on the bed from the other side, kneeling up beside Naomi's head and offering her my cock which she eagerly took between her lips. 

She swirled her tongue around the head of my cock and I felt it growing rapidly, then I pushed the full length into her mouth and she took it all the way with superlative ease as she always did.

I was pretty ripped and the first little while was a blur of the three of us taking turns fucking and spitroasting and groping her, then the really hazy part of the stone passed suddenly like it does sometimes and everything was back in sharp focus although I was still plenty buzzed and getting right into helping Kurt and Don gang bang my girlfriend.

They were rolling and shoving her into a different position every couple of minutes, just as they'd done last time, and talking about her as she wasn't there or telling her to do stuff like she was some cheap whore they'd picked up on the street:

"On your back and spread 'em!"

"Come on, Ni, suck it!"

"Great tits, eh?"

"Fuck, I love her shaved cunt!"

Eagerly sucking whoever's cock was pointed at her mouth and careless of whose rigid member was drilling and thrusting into her oozing pussy, Naomi was loving it. 

The very first group session we'd ever had had been a drunk and stoned threesome with her boss in which she'd been carelessly fisted then spitroasted non-stop for 45 minutes. 

The following day she'd told me the way the two of us had just fucked her like a piece of meat had been a major turn-on.

Now, with three guys banging her, she came twice in quick succession, loud and gutteral, bucking underneath Kurt the first time as Don and I sat back watching for a moment, and the second time from me thrusting at her doggy style and frigging her clit as she sucked Don's cock.

Then Kurt ordered her on top of him and she eagerly got astride, guiding his cock up her sopping cunt.

She rode him willingly, leaning forward to swing her tits in his face. He grabbed one in each hand and squeezed them, sucking on her nipples in turn, making them harden.

Then Don pressed her right down onto Kurt's chest and they started sandwiching her like last time, both their cocks squeezed into her pussy at once.

I didn't think she'd been too impressed by it when they'd taken her like that repeatedly during the six-way with Julie and Maureen. She'd said afterwards she thought she was going burst when they first got in and she'd complained the next day of being sore from it. 

But she didn't complain about doing it again this time, in fact she had a fine time, but not before a brief moment of panic as Don got her into position. 

Pushing down on her back, he forced her flat onto Kurt to get her bum up to the right angle then stood astride Kurt's legs and half squatted behind her.

She felt the head of his cock nose between her arse cheeks and jumped as it hesitated and tickled at the tender puckering of her virgin anus. 

Much to my eternal regret, taking it in her tight brown backdoor was about the only thing Naomi wouldn't do. 

She'd told me that the first time with these two together, she'd thought Kurt, in the over the top position Don was in now, was about to push his cock up her ass but even as she'd drawn breath to tell him not to, he must have felt her twitching away and he'd switched aim and started cramming it into her already occupied cunt instead.

Fearful this time that Don was about to have a go at popping her anal cherry, she tried to squirm aside. "No, don't..." she cried weakly.

"Keep still," Don told her brusquely, "I'm not gonna fuck your ass."

Pressing down on her back with one hand, he took his cock in the other, fiddling around to get the tip lined up and slipping off target a couple of times before finally finding the right spot and pressing forward.

"Ooh, yeah..." he grunted as Naomi's pussy stretched reluctantly wider to accomodate the head of his cock as it forced into her alongside Kurt's big member. 

Naomi moaned, instinctively leaning forward in an attempt to get away from the double invasion but Kurt brought his hands up onto her shoulders and held her in place.

Then Don pushed in and Naomi, completely impaled between them, let out a shocked gasp simultaneously with an appreciative grunt from Kurt, followed by her "owww!" as he began thrusting at her.

Don ignored her and, after a few seconds of him sliding his rigid pole in and out, she was ok. Then the both of them started absolutely pounding her.

I'd gone round to the bottom of the bed to watch by then and it was something to see. 

I sat on the foot of the bed with my cock in hand for over a minute, staring at my girlfriend's cunt stretched taut around the two cocks pumping in and out of her, while Don and Kurt exchanged abrupt ribald comments about what they were doing to her and how good it felt.

At first she was just gasping at their rapacious thrusts but then her gasps turned to low moans and, instead of simply lying sandwiched between them, she began rocking back and forth, adding to the motion.

Naomi was getting ready to cum but before she could get too far, Don suddenly pulled out and she cried out in disappointment: "No, don't stop!"

But it turned out he had to. "Gotta," he gasped, "fuck I'm close..."

Then he turned and looked at me and without a thought I stepped up to the plate.

Kurt held still and held Naomi firmly in place too as, positioning myself over her as Don had done, I started trying to squeeze my cock in her cunt over the top of Kurt's. It wasn't as easy as it looked.

I'd choose a point to go in at but I'd keep slipping off the spot. Plus all of a sudden I got an overwhelming sense of the entire thing being just a bit gay and I found I was almost trying to squeeze in alongside Kurt without actually touching him.

It took me several seconds of poking uselessly about to realise I was going to have to press my cock hard up against his if I was going to get in so I just did it and quickly found the right spot and pushed.

The tip of my cock finally squished in between Kurt's erection and Naomi's taut labia, alongside almost at first but then, as I inched the rest of my length in, it slipped around and over the top.

It certainly felt weird at that moment. Naomi's cunt felt tight and close but still relatively soft across the top side of my cock but, underneath, Kurt's hard rod felt stiff and firm.

Naomi's reaction was one of stoned appreciation: "Oh wow..." then: "Oh, oh, oh!" as I started slowly fucking in and out.

"You ok?" I queried, pausing.

"Yeah... yeah..." she gasped, "keep going!"

I carried on slowly easing my cock in and out of her taut hole.

"Oh, fuck, I'm so full!" she gasped.

I hadn't really considered it until then but Don was a bit of a pencil dick where I'm reasonably well hung and Kurt was very well hung indeed. No wonder she felt full.

Don might have been on the edge a couple of minutes ago but he'd obviously recovered quickly. 

He knelt alongside our Naomi sandwich and turned her head sideways. "Come on, baby," he told her and pushed his cock between her full lips. 

Suddenly my girlfriend was taking three cocks at once and I've got to admit it was one of the horniest things I've even seen or done.

I began thrusting just a little harder and faster.

Naomi started grunting around Don's cock with each of my inward motions, softly at first, just a gasping 'Mm! Mm! Mm!' then Kurt began moving too and her noises grew more gutteral: "Ungh... Ungh.. Ungh!" until she suddenly stiffened and started shuddering rigidly between us. 

She twisted herself away from Don, gasping for air and crying out: "Oh! Oh! Oh, god! Oh, god! Oh, fuck! Oh, god! Oh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!".

With Naomi twisting and humping between us, we both started stabbing wildly at her, falling in and out of rhythm, sometimes thrusting in unison, sometimes one pulling outward as the other went in.

It was real freaky to feel Kurt's cock pistoning in and out of her alongside mine and our balls bouncing against each others, but thank goodness Naomi came quick because it was really obvious why Don had almost cum. 

Double-pumping Naomi like that was like nothing else I'd ever experienced. I was damn near cumming myself just like that.

Naomi let out a dozen or so winded grunts as we thrust at her then lurched into a roiling orgasm and I had to pull out the second she finished and not a moment too soon.

I fell back onto the bed and Don immediately mounted her again. 

Her needs satisfied for a while, it was time for her to get back to banging for the boys. 

Stuffing his cock back in with Kurt's, he thrust savagely at her but pulled out after only half a dozen or so strokes and told Kurt to roll her over. 

Kurt tipped Naomi on her side, keeping his cock thrust deep into her as he did so. Don shoved her knee upwards over Kurt's hip then grabbed her ankle and raised her leg.

Squatting, he positioned himself unsteadily and roughly forced his cock back into my girlfriend's cunt, making her gasp.

"Nnnhhh! Fuck, yeah!" he swore through gritted teeth and started pumping violently at her. 

"Uhh! Uhh! Uhh! Uhh!" grunted Naomi.

"Yeah, come on!" Don snarled at her, "Is that good, eh? That feel good? You like it hard?"

Then almost as quickly as he'd taken the position, Don pulled out yet again.

"Let me have her," he said to Kurt, "get her on her back."

Kurt obliged, withdrawing and rolling Naomi onto her back. 

To watch them doing her, it might have seemed she was being raped but it was the kind of wild fucking Naomi loved and, as Don climbed on top of her, she spread her legs willingly and grasped his slick penis, guiding it to her glistening cunt.

He plunged his cock into her, making her grunt with satisfaction: "Ooohh! Yeah!"

Kurt and I looked on as Don banged her wildly, squeezing her tits and ramming at her with no subtlety whatsoever.

"You like that? You like that?" grunted Don.

"Yeah! Yeah!" went Naomi, bucking beneath him, her hands on his buttocks pulling him harder to her. "Yeah! Yeah! Ugh! Ughh! Ughhh! Ugggggghhhhh!!"

My girlfriend twisted and turned beneath him, cumming wildly, one of her ample breasts gripped viciously in his right hand, the other bouncing as she heaved and grunted gutterally as she always did when cumming.

But Don held off yet again, gritting his teeth and resisting the urge to loose his load into her, and, when he pulled out, I got on, sliding my throbbing cock between her swollen labia and into her velvety wet pussy where Don had been just 15 seconds earlier.

"Ooh, yes... fuck me darling..." she breathed in my ear as I began shafting her firmly.

We kissed, our tongues probing, then Kurt came alongside her and turned her head and she took him eagerly in her mouth a mere foot away from my face.

For the next 15 minutes or so, the three of us spitroasted Naomi or took turns fucking her one on one as she happily let us roll her about the bed and fill her mouth and cunt with our eager cocks.

Then I found myself on my back with Naomi sucking my cock while Kurt and Don took turns fucking her from behind.

After a few minutes she moved up and got astride me sitting up and started riding my cock, holding her tits in her hands to stop them bouncing too wildly.

Don got up and stood astride me facing Naomi.

"Suck it, baby" he ordered and she did as she was told, cupping his balls in her left hand while keeping her other arm across her chest under her breasts, supporting their swaying weight as she rode my cock and sucked Don's.

For a while he let her suck him at her own pace, just holding her head lightly.

"Fuck but she sucks dick good!" he announced to no one in particular.

Then he suddenly grasped her hair, winding his fingers into her blonde locks, and started fucking her mouth viciously.

All I could see from where I was at that moment was his arse going back and forth so I craned over to one side. He was slamming into her mouth all the way to the root of his cock, going: "Uh! Yeah! Oh fuck!".

Kurt had positioned himself behind her by this stage, juggling her tits from behind. 

The bed was bouncing and, what with the way Don was fucking Naomi's mouth so violently, I thought he was about to cum down her throat. 

But then he suddenly pulled out and told Kurt to get out of the way.

Don quickly moved behind her and, pushing her forward and down onto me, he took her from behind.

I felt the tip of his cock sliding and probing next to mine for a moment then his hard shaft forced up into Naomi's cunt alongside mine. 

There was the incredible, freaky tightness of sharing one woman's pussy with another man's cock then half a dozen big thrusts and Don came.

I heard him grunt: "Fuck! Uhh! Uhhh! Yeah!!!", felt his cock twitching, his thrusts suddenly get spastic and Naomi's cunt was suddenly awash.

It was like all of a sudden a heap of hot lube had been injected in her and the idea of it was freaky to the max but the sensation was incredible, all tight and hot and squeezy and sloppy.

Naomi and I were literally nose to nose and she was wide eyed and open-mouthed, gasping 'ahh! ahh! ahh!' in my face as Don spasmed, spurted and thrust into her.

I couldn't help it, I just gasped: "Oh, Ni!" and came spontaneously, lurching beneath her and erupting a series of huge spasming spurts of cum into her full, wet cunt.

She arched back, the better to watch me cumming. 

There was an inane, stoned grin of lust on her lips and I could feel her breath on my face as she panted: "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh yeah!" at the wild double thrusting into her cunt.

Fuck, she felt sloppy when Don pulled out immediately after cumming, then before either of us could move Kurt stepped in and slipped his cock into Naomi over the top of mine.

"Ooh, god... yeah!" she moaned as his cock squeezed in, "oh, oh!"

I was pinned underneath my girlfriend, her breasts pressed bulgingly flat against my chest, as she was sandwiched between us, her cunt leaking a double helping of semen around our cocks. 

I jerked and twitched involuntarily at the feeling of Kurt's hard penis sliding in and out next to my climax sensitised member, with Naomi on top of me going 'oh! oh! oh!'.

"Yeah!" called Don to Kurt from off to one side, "Fuck her! Fuck her!"

"Uhh! Uhh!" grunted Kurt, thrusting hard and deep into her.

Then in less than a minute, he suddenly rammed hard up her and shot his load too.

His cock was spasming and jumping and Naomi's cunt was flooded, it was like going slops on overdrive. 

After he pulled out and I slipped out of her now totally loose, completely cum-filled cunt, semen gushed out of her, splashing onto my thighs and soaking the bedsheets.

Naomi collaped onto the bed beside me, breathless. I think maybe she'd have cum again given another couple of minutes of Kurt shafting her, but now she was spent.

The remains of three loads of cum oozed from her swollen and abused pussy as she lay there, suddenly looking more dazed than horny.

After a moment, she rolled off the bed and staggered into the bathroom, the insides of her thighs wet with semen.

"That was fucking great," laughed Don, "we should do that more often!"

I heard the shower start running and followed Naomi in there to get cleaned up too.

Fifteen minutes later we were heading for home.

We never did do a threesome again with Don and Kurt though we had a couple more foursomes with Kurt and Julie before finally parting ways with them.