 "Fffffffff!" Emma seethed as she slipped the dildo into her pussy, all six inches being swallowed whole by her desperate cunt. She sighed with relief as she slid it inside as far as it would go.

Satisfied it was in deep enough, Emma lifted her legs up and slipped her panties and tights on, and put her jeans on over the top, all still while lying on the bed. She paused a moment, her jeans hadn't yet been buttoned or zipped up.

She slipped her hand down her panties and flicked the vibrator onto its lowest setting, a familiar hum creating a warmth inside of her. She sighed with content as she removed her hand and fastened her jeans.

Emma slipped off the bed, slowly curling her body up into a sitting position, feeling the dildo inside her press against the inside of her vagina, gently thrumming against her as she slowly, and reluctantly stood up. The dildo slid out a fraction as gravity took effect, however the combination of tight legwear was paying off, as the majority of it remained in place.

"Emma!" Natasha called, "I'm off now!"

Emma fought back a moan as she walked to the hallway to see Natasha off. Natasha was wearing her long black velvety coat, and was scooping a red scarf over her shoulder as Emma arrived in the hall.

"Right oh, have fun," Emma smiled, "Say 'Hi' to Andrew for me,"

Natasha chuckled, "Of course,"

Emma bit her lip as the vibrator continued to pulsate inside her. Natasha seemed to notice, and grinned at her, "What?"

"Nothing, nothing," Natasha lifted her handbag up her arm so it hung off her shoulder, "Feel free to turn your cock up a notch or two. The noise won't disturb me!"

"What?" Emma blushed, "I don't know what you're talking about,"

Natasha giggled, "I said you can turn your vibrator up if you want. I know you have it in, you don't need to be embarrassed,"

Emma looked at her feet timidly...well, more her toes than feet. They were mostly hidden from her view by her 36DD breasts. Natasha reached up and put a hand on Emma's shoulder, directing Emma's gaze up to her face.

"May I?" Natasha asked with a smile. Emma responded with a silent nod, her face contorting slightly as she knew what was going to happen, amplifying her horniness. And she loved it.

Natasha unbuttoned Emma's trousers and tugged the zip down so she could gain better access to Emma's pussy. She slipped her hand down Emma's panties, her fingertips brushing against her clit, causing a wince and a squeal from Emma. Natasha found the vibrator, and with a *click*, whe vibrator stopped humming.

"Oops, wrong way," Natasha exclaimed, though Emma doubted it was accidental, as Natasha flicked the switch the other way, causing the vibrator to hum once more, the same level as Emma had originally set it. Natasha slowly flicked the switch up to level two, the humming intensifying, the sensation causing Emma to tense up.

Natasha grinned and removed her hand, satisfied, "We'll have to get to a man sooner or later, Emma. Find out what a real cock is like!"

"I'm satisfied with what I have, thanks," Emma let out a slight moan as her vibrator buzzed within her.

"Why settle for second best?" Natasha replied, turning to leave, "Enjoy your 'cock'...I know I'll enjoy mine!" and with a grin, Natasha left.

Emma scowled slightly, a bit put out that she was the virgin of the group. She'd busted her hymen on her mom's sybian when she was 16, and been using vibrators for the best part of five years. What was the deal with a real penis? Give you less satisfaction and a whole lot more cleaning up to do. What was the point?

Another advantage, Emma thought, was that you couldn't do chores and keep the penis inside you. She bit her lip as the pleasure spiked for a moment, drawing her attention back to the vibrator. She glanced down and rebuttoned her jeans.

Keeping the vibrator on a low setting, Emma set off to do her chores, the vibrator's presence creating only a slight tingling sensation when she walked around, a more intense feeling when she bent down low, the vibrator pressing up against the wall of her pussy each time.

"Mmmmmmmmm," she moaned, her pussy squeezing the vibrator ever so slightly as she rose onto her tiptoes to dust the lampshade covering the central light in the living room.

How could Natasha want to set her up with a guy? Emma enjoyed the pleasure the vibrator brought. She loved feeling it inside her, filling her. She would always reach climax with the vibrator, and she controlled when she wanted to orgasm. Besides, all penises did was make a mess and get you pregnant. What was the appeal?

As Emma made her way into the bathroom, she felt her pussy convulse suddenly, causing her leg to buckle slightly. Steadying herself on the door frame, Emma took a few deep breaths as she tried to get herself under control.

After a short while, Emma composed herself and continued her chores in the bathroom. "Just this room to do," she thought, "then I can finish myself off, too!"

The mere thought of being allowed to orgasm flashed through her body, her pussy spasming with anticipation, her legs weakening underneath her as she fell against the bath, unable to stand.

"Almost...there!" she thought, determined to hold it off as long as she could. She crawled the rest of the way through tidying the cabinet and the sink, making sure all toiletries were in their appropriate places.

"Done," she sighed, relieved, and sprinted into her bedroom, near enough tearing her trousers off, her panties following seconds later. Her dildo was out of her pussy, and her magic wand plugged in, switched on and pressed against her clit on full power, rapidly bringing her to climax. The vibrator had kept her going for a long time, a lot of pressure built up like a fizzy drink that had been shaken and shaken and shaken and shaken until, it violently popped!

Emma's eyes snapped wide as she writhed and bucked about on the bed, her orgasm ripping through her like a freight train, leaving no nerve left untouched. Her eyes rolled back into her head as her sobbing moans filled the room, her orgasm hot and powerful and wet and wonderful. Eventually, the waters calmed as the eye of the storm passed, and she fell back onto the bed, exhausted, turning her magic wand off and kissing it "thank you" before laying it on the bed beside her.

*****

Natasha returned about 15 minutes later, the sound of the front door opening and closing again gave Emma just enough time to clear away her vibrator and magic wand, grab her Kindle, spray a quick shot of deoderant to cover the smell of pussy, and yank the covers over herself to cover her naked lower half before Natasha's knock resounded at the door.

"Yeah?" Emma called, beckoning Natasha to enter the room. She was holding her Kindle, with a random book open.

The door opened, and Natasha leant against the doorframe, still not quite within the threshold of the room, but sort of lingering halfway.

"Hey," she noticed the Kindle, "What you reading?"

"Order of the Phoenix. Harry Potter," Emma replied, brushing her hair over one ear.

"Cool, cool," Natasha nodded in confirmation, " So anyway, I've been invited to a party round at a friend's, and was wondering if you wanted to come along,"

Emma glanced up from her 'reading' to look at Natasha, "What kind of party?"

"Just a house party, type of thing," Natasha stepped towards the foot of Emma's bed, and leant against it, "Games, drinks, music..."

"When and where is it?"

"This Saturday. It's only a 10 minute drive, not too far," Natasha replied, "You should come along. It should help...bring you out of your shell...so-to-speak. I went to a party these guys threw a few weeks ago, and had got BLASTED..."

"Blasted? I've never heard of that one before. Smashed, hammered, but blasted? That one's new to me!"

Natasha chuckled.

Emma was surprised she was actually considering it. She'd always been such an introvert...perhaps it would do her some good to go out and socialise a bit. She might even enjoy herself, "Was Andrew there too?"

"Yeah, he was. He was a bit less keen than I was, but he took to it after a while," Natasha smiled, "Afterwards, he said he couldn't wait to go back for more,"

"Okay, sounds great," Emma smiled, "Count me in."

"Great," Natasha rose to her feet, and turned to leave. She paused in the doorway, and looked back at Emma, "You know your Kindle is upside down, and your sheets are damp. Smells like you enjoyed yourself,"

/She grinned knowingly as she left a bemused Emma sat there in silent shock and awe.

*****

"Oh come on, Natasha! Why?!"

Emma stood there in a red checkered lumberjack-type shirt, which played down her bust size; a pair of skinny jeans and some black latticed high heels, hands on hips and a scowl on her face, speaking in a harsh but hushed tone of voice.

"You lie to me to bring me to a swingers party just so you can get me to have sex? You know I have no interest in fucking just any guys you happen to think I might like!"

Natasha sipped her glass of wine, her revealing, low cut black dress accentuating her D cup breasts as much as possible, showing off as much as possible while still hiding some from view, "Well, I just thought that you'd appreciate my effort in getting you some real fun,"

"Oh really? I'm satisfied with what I have. It gets the job done, it's reliable, it doesn't lie or cheat, it is something I can have whenever I want, and do its job the way I like it without question. What is so much better about the same thing attached to a guy who can cheat, who can lie, who is not always reliable, and won't get me off the way I like. Hell, sometimes he may not even get me off at all!"

"That's not the point. A real cock is attached to a real person. A vibrator or dildo is just a bit of plastic. The feel it completely different, there's more weight behind it, there's a lot of different elements involved that are difficult to explain, and really need to be experienced."

"TEN MINUTES!" a voice called from the main lounge area.

"I don't care. You deceived me,"

"I didn't deceive you. I told you exactly what to expect...I just may have missed out some details..." Natasha sipped her wine again.

Emma scoffed and threw her hands up, "O-o-o-o-o-f course you did, otherwise, how could you get me to come?"

"Oh come on, Emma, even if you don't want to have a go, at least come and watch for a time. You can even go home if you start to feel uncomfortable. All I ask is that you try it just for a little while,"

Emma sighed and crossed her arms.

"Besides, Andrew was exactly the same as you when we first came here, by the time we left, he was like a child on Christmas Eve wanting to come over here again," Natasha grinned as she took another, larger sip of wine, clearly amused by her own double-entendre.

"All right, fine, but as soon as things start to go south, I'm out," Emma strode away, Natasha grinning at Emma's own double-entendre.

Emma went into the lounge, which she noted its size and weird emptiness, with not much but two couches and an armchair, and sat down on the larger couch next to another girl, glass of wine in hand. 

This girl was a bit older than Emma, perhaps about 30, maybe 31. She had long, wavy blonde hair, which had obviously been curled, some loops lingering at the bottom, breasts which looked around about a DD cup (which were fully on display in a tight fitting, low cut tank top and a boy shirt which had about half its buttons undone) and she was smiling as she flicked through her smartphone.

She glanced at Emma, who was sat haphazardly, leaning against the arm of the sofa, with the same expression on her face that a child wears when they've been taken somewhere they didn't enjoy, like the dentist or a shop that didn't sell toys. It was a look of disappointment, sadness and anger mixed into one.

"Hey, first time?" she asked, cheerily.

Emma looked at her, and swirled her wine a bit, "Yeah, not really my thing. Friend brought me along," she took a gulp of wine. Perhaps a bit too much.

"Hey, don't worry about it. Everyone here was in your shoes when they first came here,"

"Good god, would people please stop saying that?" Emma thought to herself.

"As a rule for my parties, though," she continued, "Newcomers can be subject to leniency if they so desire,"

"Leniency?" Emma asked, curiously, yet skeptically.

"Yes, from the games. You see, the games we play here begin at the bottom and work their way up. So for instance, the first two rounds don't progress beyond simple making out, or feeling each other's bodies above the belt. Then it goes up a bit to some simple handwork, progressing to mouths, and eventually to a full game, where everything is decided by the wheels,"

"Wheels?"

"The best way to find these things out is to try them,"

"But I've never..."

"OKAY, EVERYONE, PLEASE MAKE YOUR WAY TO THE LOUNGE READY TO BEGIN!" she shouted out, summoning the guests.

"I'm sorry, what were you saying?"

"Ermm...I've not exactly...uhm..."

"You don't think you have enough experience?"

Emma contemplated revealing the truth that she'd never had sex or even so much as kissed a guy before, and just go with that excuse.

"Yeah, that's it," she said nervously.

"Don't worry, I think there's an odd number tonight, so I can join up with you and help you out, if you like,"

"Uhhh, sure,"

The woman smiled at Emma, "I'm Nadine, by the way,"

"Emma,"

Nadine smiled back, and as they broke eye contact from their conversation, Emma noticed that there was a small group of people now in the room, and quiet had descended. At a quick ocular sweep of the room there were about 5 girls and 4 guys, including herself, Natasha and Nadine, Natasha having sat herself next to a guy who was wellbuilt, had clearly been working out, and was wearing a nice tight t-shirt that helped show off his athletic frame.

Emma was completely jealous. The man looked incredible. She felt herself tingle and become moist..."No! Stop yourself. You're not here for that!" she scorned herself.

"Andrew not here tonight, Tasha?" one of the women asked, sipping her wine.

"No, he has night shift at work this week," she replied, the woman audibly groaning in disappointment and settled down two spots to Emma's left.

"Welcome everyone," Nadine began, "For the benefit of a few newcomers, we shall quickly go around the room and introduce ourselves. We want to be as comfortable as possible when participating in tonight's events. We'll go around clockwise. Keep it brief, please. I'm Nadine. I shall be your host for this evening, and shall be the co-ordinator of tonight's games,"

Nadine gestured to her left, where a rather average guy introduced himself as Daniel. He was rather tall, but he was neither skinny nor was he toned and athletic like Natasha's neighbour, but somewhere in the middle. His hair was short and well groomed, and had a short beard that seemed to have just passed its stubble stage.

Next was Melissa, a girl who was about the same age as Nadine, but with smaller breasts and straight brown hair; Natasha, of course; Chris, who played amateur rugby for the local team; Mark, one of Chris's team mates, whose ears were slightly deformed from the amount of scrums he had done; Robert, a man who seemed to be a bit older than Nadine, with some grey hair showing at his temples, and Joanna, who were partners in an open relationship, and finally, Emma.

Shyness seemed to overcome Emma, who just introduced herself as Emma, and that it was nice to meet everyone, before receeding to her little corner of the couch.

"All right, so now that everyone's acquainted, here are the rules of play tonight," Nadine began, "Round one is Strip Poker. We're playing Texas Hold'Em. For this, everyone needs to be sat on the floor, and stripped down to no more than three items of clothing: underwear, top and legwear. Jewelery is advised to be removed."

Everyone checked themselves, removing their shoes, socks, watches, bracelets, phones and other valuables, and placing them into backpacks, to keep them out the way. A luggage tag similar to one you'd use at an airport, a pen, a small padlock and key were provided to help keep them safe and identifiable.

Once everyone had reconvened in the lounge, Nadine was already sat on the floor, shuffling a deck of cards. Emma sat down next to Nadine, although nervous. Natasha sat down next to her, leaning in and whispering to her, "You okay?"

Emma silently noded back, and Natasha pulled herself away, smiling contently.

"Okay, guys, the game is simple. Each player gets two cards. They may choose to swap them once per round, and only before the first three community cards are played. Community cards are cards which are played face up in the centre of play," Nadine explained, demonstrating with th cards as she outlined the rules of the game.

"You must combine your cards with any of the five that will be played face up, making a total of five cards, and may use any number of cards on the table or in your hand in order to do so. You do not need to pick these up, but you must indicate which you wish to use as you reveal your hand. Note that these are not then your cards. Others may use them to complete their hand as well.

"The winner of each round will be the person with the best five card poker hand. You will each be given a small sheet showing examples of each hand, and how good the hand is. You may fold at any time, or stop playing the round, but in doing so, you automatically lose an item of clothing at the end of the round.

"If you win the round, you may either spin the bottle or take back an item of clothing for yourself, provided you are wearing less than three items already. If you spin the bottle, if it lands on a person of the same sex, each member of that sex wins back an item of clothing. If it lands on a person of the opposite sex, they all lose one item of clothing, starting with legwear, then top, and finally underwear. If the bottle lands on someone who has folded, it automatically passes play to the next clockwise player.

The dealer shall rotate clockwise each round. The dealer is not being dealt a hand, but is not exempt from the spin the bottle rule. The game is finished when all members of one sex have lost all items of clothing. All understand?"

Everybody murmured in agreement, some expressing their confusion, Nadine reassuring them that they'd pick it up as they went along. Nadine dealt first.

Emma picked up her cards. The Jack of Spades and the Two of Diamonds. Not a very good combination. She opted to exchange her hand, as well as Daniel and Melissa. Nadine put the cards onto the bottom of the deck, and dealt two new cards to each person from the top of the deck.

Emma looked at her cards, the Three of Hearts and the Five of Diamonds. A bit better. She could get a four, six and seven and have a winning hand, couldn't she? She checked the sheet again to clarity.

Nadine announced the first cards were being played. She discarded the top card, and dealt face up, in a line, the Ace of Clubs, the Ten of Clubs and the Ten of Hearts.

There were murmurs, and she asked if anybody would like to fold. Nobody expressed their intention to.

She discarded another card, and dealt the Four of Spades to the floor. Emma's eyes widened as she noticed the Ace-three-four-five she had available. All she needed now was a two!

Nadine asked once more if anyone would like to fold. Again, nobody relented. She sighed in disappointment, discarded once more, and dealt a card face up.

The Three of Clubs! Drat! So close, yet so far. Emma glanced at the cards again, and thought. She could use the Ten of Hearts, Ten of Clubs, Three of Clubs and Three of Hearts to make two pairs, plus one other random card.

Once more, nobody folded, so Nadine asked people to begin to reveal their hands, starting with Emma, who was sat clockwise from her.
