 In the course of my conversations with Rick and Marissa, I told them, as I've told the reader, about my thoughts concerning nature, spirituality, the universe and things like that. Rick found my ideas so interesting that he suggested I start a blog, and I did. It caught the attention of Gerald at the National Park Service. I forget his title, but his duties included the agency's educational functions. He invited me to apply for a ranger position.

I got that job, and it eventually led to a career with the Park Service. I have other duties that the average visitor doesn't see, but I won't bore you with those. I was stationed at Yosemite. The director of this particular park was a woman named Leslie. Her hair was the shade of blonde that you only get by being in the sun a lot. She kept it cut short so she'd look authoritative, but she was very friendly. She explained on my first day that every Ranger has to come up with a presentation that they can do as a nighttime program for the visitors who camp there. Given why Gerald asked me to apply, I wrote one explaining various religions' creation stories. She was so impressed by how I managed to be respectful that she immediately approved it. (Perhaps most importantly, I didn't once refer to them as "creation myths.") As a newcomer, I was also required to attend other Rangers' presentations to get a sense of what they expected. Leslie and I also became good friends, sharing our thoughts and experiences about many things.

When I wasn't performing my official duties, I took advantage of the opportunities to photograph the flora and fauna. One of the first photos I took was of myself standing next to a fallen sequoia. Later on, a helicopter pilot flew me over so I could snap the same tree from high enough to give perspective to the first picture. He was cute and nice, but there was no chemistry between us. As the summer progressed, I replaced some of the pictures in my presentations with new ones of my own and others that people shared with me. One of my originals was an upward view of an opening in a sugar pine grove. As luck would have it, an eagle flew overhead while I was there, and I had the presence of mind to snap several times in a row, getting a picture as it dove. It looked like he'd made eye contact with me.

Around the end of July, a guy introduced himself as George after my presentation. He looked about the same age as the dads I saw with young kids, so I guessed he was around thirty. From his appearance and the questions he'd asked at others' presentations, I figured he was a fellow nature lover, but not someone who made his living outdoors. He asked me where the sugar pine grove was, and I told him. Then he asked if I'd show him.

I was somewhat taken aback. After four months on the job, I'd only had one or two dates with people around me, so the prospect of developing something was pretty appealing. Rabbits and giraffes don't care if one of them has been sexually mature for, I was estimating, twice as long as the other, so why should humans? Or maybe all that time without intimate contact had just made me imagine what he had in mind. I thought all of this in an instant and said yes. I told him to meet me at 1:00 the next afternoon at the entrance to Benjamin Harrison Campground.

It rained most of that morning, but I made it a point to be there, and he was there at two minutes till, carrying a backpack. "You still want to see it?" I asked.

"If the opening's still there, I'd still like to see it," George answered.

"One little thing first," I said. I took a picture with my cell phone and said, "Text to Les," as I did so. Then I explained, "I'm not breaking any official rules, but I just let my boss know what I'm up to in case anything happens to me."

"She'll probably be relieved that you remembered," he said. "Lead the way."

It was a twenty-minute hike to that spot. We talked about other things, and I found out he teaches Russian at San Rafael, a Dominican college north of San Francisco. When we got to the clearing, I wanted to find out his intentions, so I told him, "I like to take a blanket here and study the life forms around me while I work on my all-over tan."

"Aren't there better places you could do that?" he asked.

"You mean places where there aren't any trees between me and the sun? Yeah, but I like being surrounded by nature while I'm au naturel. Plus, pilots sometimes fly over those spaces."

"And you don't want anyone to see you naked," he continued.

I corrected him. "I don't mind if people see me, but I know most of 'em would misunderstand. It's not a sexual thing; I'm just communing with nature."

"That's too bad," George said. "You'd think the people who come to the parks to see nature would understand that our bodies are part of nature just as much as the other animals."

"Yes, exactly. You get it!" I said happily.

"Does anyone ever join you when you do this?"

"I've only told two other people. One was a guy who didn't pick up on my hint, and the other was my boss, only I left out the part about being naked." (I actually did tell Leslie, but not until I'd gotten to know her better.)

"Would you like to?"

His meaning should have been obvious, but it went right over my head. "Like to what?"

"Have another person join you? You could share whatever inspires you, and someone else might see something you missed."

Now I got where he was going. "I'd love to."

George took a blanket out of his backpack. It had a map of Yellowstone, and it was big enough for two people to lie comfortably on it. "Then join me," he said.

I could tell from the tone of his voice that this was no crude proposition. I answered in kind. "Gladly!"

We spread the blanket out. It was thick enough, and it had been long enough since the rain stopped, that the moisture didn't come through. The map had a picture of a bear in the northwest corner and a moose in the northeast. We lay with our heads on those images and looked up. George asked, "Are you sure these are sugar pines? They smell like ponderosa pines."

"Someone probably tracked some ponderosa needles in with them. These are definitely sugar pines, though." We both took our shoes and socks off. I reached over the edge of the blanket to pick up a pine cone. "Ponderosas don't have cones anywhere near this size."

George took his shorts off. "I think a deer just walked past us over that way."

I took my jeans off and told him, "I didn't see it, but I think I heard it."

"I see what you mean about the all-over tan," he said.

"Yours is close," I said, pointing to his thighs. The tan line was only about a third of the way down.

"I've been working as a lifeguard this summer. The city cut their budget, so the pool's closed now."

"In July? That's stupid!" I unbuttoned my uniform top, then tossed it on top of my jeans.

"I thought so too, but I didn't complain 'cause it gave me a chance to come out here for a while." George took his shirt off.

"You must have rescued a lot of people," I said.

"Why do you say that?"

"Your pecs. They're ... they're perfect." For once I was having trouble saying what I was thinking. "Sorry, that's not the right word. It's as demeaning to men as calling Miss America 'perfect' is to women." I felt the need to caress one of them. He flinched a little, and I said, "Sorry. I couldn't help myself. You're the first guy I've seen in person that I'd describe as chiseled."

"Let me return the favor, and we'll call it even," he said.

I couldn't believe I was falling for a line like this. I took my bra off and sat facing him. Knowing where this was headed, I took my panties off too. I was naked with a stranger, but he didn't feel like a stranger. While he caressed the lower part of my left breast, I remembered the wood plaque I'd seen at one of the souvenir shops, "There are no strangers here, only friends we haven't met yet."

George caressed my cheek. "You are an amazing young woman," he said.

He took his underwear off while I insisted, "I'm nothing out of the ordinary."

"The fact that you think that is part of what makes you so amazing," he countered. He put his palm under my chin. I didn't resist as he kissed me. In fact, I was so relaxed that I let my hands fall on his bare hips. He kissed me harder and put his hands on my hips. I raised my legs and moved to sit on his lap. I could feel the hardness of his penis against my thigh. I moved my right hand between us and stroked the head. George found my pussy with his right hand and began stroking the lower area. I moved my legs to give him more access. His shaft got harder as his middle finger probed me deeper. "You really are this way, aren't you?"

"What way?" I asked.

"So free with yourself. You're like the hippies in the sixties that I read about, who talked about loving everyone, but you got there without drugs." He paused. "You did get there without drugs, right?"

"As far as I know, nothing's ever entered my bloodstream that wasn't legal ... somewhere in the U.S." He had two fingers inside me, and I could feel the last knuckle of each at my opening.

My mouth was getting a little parched. I got off his lap and separated his legs. George knew what I wanted, and he was eager to please. I knelt between his thighs and held his shaft up. I licked his sac and then kissed a line up the bottom of his shaft. I took his crown in my mouth and eased my way down, moving my mouth from side to side. "Oh, shit, you're good," he said. Hearing his approval inspired me. On the way back up, I swirled my tongue back and forth. "Oh, damn, Sonya!" When I had only the head in my mouth, he put his hand behind my head and stopped me from letting him out. "There's something else I'd like," he said.

I couldn't enunciate without letting his penis out of my mouth. "Mmm?"

"You have such a beautiful bottom," he said.

I let him out. "Are you asking me for anal sex?"

"I love how you just come right out and say the words 'anal sex.' Most women would try to work around it. 'Are you asking for what I think?' or something like that. But that's not what I had in mind. I just want you to keep your gorgeous butt where I can see it while you're blowing me."

"I can't resist when you say it like that," I told him. Then I added, "And if you had meant anal sex, I probably would have said yes." I took him back in my mouth and went down, a little faster than the first time.

"Oh, shit," he said. "Yes. Oh, that's a sexy ass!" Hearing him say that turned me on so much that I purposely swayed my hips while I continued. After a few minutes of my bobbing up and down on him, he groaned, "Yeah, I'm gonna come!" I leaned in and got most of his length in my mouth. I could feel his balls contract, and I came up just far enough that my mouth wasn't dry any more. "Oh, God. Oh, God," he panted.

When George finished coming, I got off him and lay next to him. I took his hand and put it over my pussy. "Fair is fair," I said with a smile

"With pleasure!" he said.

I got on my back this time. George resumed playing with my vulva. My lips were so inflamed that I started panting right away. I grabbed his wrist and started forcing it in and out as if it were a sex toy. "Faster!" I grunted. I let my tongue hang out and said, "Give it to me!"

"Not till I've made you come," he said. He added another finger, then pistoned in and out of me even faster.

"Oh, God! Oh, God!" I moaned even louder when he reached a spot on my vaginal wall that no one else had touched in a couple years. I could feel my orgasm building. The presence of his finger gave me a measure of how hard my walls were contracting. "I want you inside me, damn it!" I blurted.

"Not till we share this," George replied. He pulled his fingers out of me and put them in front of my lips.

I licked each one in turn, but I stopped when I saw his ring finger. I bent the other fingers back and pointed to the spot that got my attention. "Why is there a tan line here?"

"Crap, you're talking like an ordinary person now." George got off me. "Yes, I have a wife, but you're so sweet and special, I was hoping to make love to you once before my vacation was over. You're such a sharing person, I thought you'd be okay with it."

I started looking for my bra or panties, anything to cover myself up. "You bastard! You made all this up just so you could fuck me?" I rarely use crude language for something I enjoy so much, but he'd really made me angry.

"I didn't make anything up. I meant everything I said. You really are special." He sounded oddly sincere, even if he wasn't very convincing.

"What would your wife say? And don't tell me you're separated, or that she just doesn't understand you."

I heard a voice behind us say, "You can ask her yourself." George smiled and moved aside. I turned around to see Leslie, my supervisor. She was already down to her bra and panties, and she was in the process of removing her bra. "It was my idea."

I stopped looking for clothing and stood up. "That explains it."

"Explains what?" George asked.

"I told you I was sending a picture to my boss. I called her Les. You shouldn't have known that I was talking about a woman. But why the secrecy?"

Leslie removed her underwear while she explained. "We've talked about having a threesome for a while. From the conversations you and I have had, I thought you'd go for it, but I wanted you to think of it as an invitation from a friend, and not your department head making you think something depended on it."

"Speaking of heads, remember what we talked about?" George asked her.

"Yes," she said. She opened a bag and put on her Ranger's cap.

"For what it's worth, I wouldn't have said no," I told her. "At least not automatically. I might not have said yes, but I would've been open to it."

"I showed George your picture. When he got here, I showed him the schedule so he'd know which presentations to go to," Leslie said. "The way it was supposed to work, I'd come out here early, go past the clearing and be ready with my clothes off. Then I could show up when you two started taking yours off. Problem is, someone's dog got caught in a bear trap, and I couldn't leave until they retrieved him."

"And I already told you this, but I meant everything I said," George added. "You make all your topics interesting, not just the creation myths. And you're every bit as ... What was that word you used, Leslie? I want to say 'innocent,' but she's not, and that's not what you said."

Leslie said, "Guileless." She turned to me and explained, "You don't have a malicious bone in your body. You don't even roll your eyes at the guys who do bad impressions of Yosemite Sam when they enter the park. You're a very giving person, Sonya, and we're like you. Just because George and I are married doesn't mean we can't give of ourselves with other people too. We don't have to hide it because we both understand that."

"You really do get me," I admitted. Then I asked, "How'd you know where to find us?"

"Well, he told me where you were meeting. Just to be safe, though, we have an app that allows each of us to locate the other's cell phone. It's really helpful in the woods."

George put his hand on my shoulder. "We've already had two servings. Shouldn't Leslie have some?" he asked.

Leslie had stepped in front of me. She had her hand between my legs and was fondling me the way George did a few minutes earlier. I didn't even look back at George. I just answered, "Absolutely!" I put my hand between her legs and did for her what she was doing for me. Leslie's 33, so either I was off a little on George's age, or she married a younger man. Her folds aren't quite as soft as mine, but her pubic hair was so soft that it made her entire vulva more inviting than any other that I've had the pleasure of playing with. She has long fingernails, so she was able to go deep inside my vagina without having to extend her hand very far. The not-quite-sharp edges felt different inside me than fingertips, and it made me quiver a little. She put her other hand on my back, just below my shoulder blades, and she held me close. She's a few inches taller than me, so it didn't feel a lot different from a man holding me, except that I could feel her breasts against mine. "I can feel your heart beating," I told her. Then something dawned on me. "I'm your first woman, aren't I?"

"The first one I've consented with," she said.

I put my hands around her and rubbed her back. "I'm sorry for whatever bad experience you had before."

Leslie moved her hand up and nudged my head in. She kissed me and said, "I'll tell you more about it some other time, but right now I'm only interested in you. And George, obviously." I felt George kiss my neck, and his hands were on my hips.

Leslie removed her hands. I only had to lean down a little to kiss her nipples. I ran my fingers up and down her back, a couple inches on either side of her spine, while I sucked on her breasts. "I hope my breasts are still this firm in ten years," I said.

"Find the right exercise routine," Leslie advised me. I went to my knees and kissed a line down her belly until I came to her clitoris. I felt George reach around me. He rubbed my clit at the same moment that I licked Leslie's. When I licked a line between her lips, George ran his index finger between mine.

I tried to get my tongue deep inside her, but I couldn't from this position. Leslie understood, and she lay on the blanket that George had laid out. Her left breast fell to the side and covered up Old Faithful. As she spread her legs, she told me, "Eat me."

"Is this my boss asking me?"

"It's a friend who thinks you're really sexy," Leslie answered.

George was still behind me. "Where's the cap?" he asked Leslie. She sighed and put it back on.

I did my best impression of Yogi Bear, which isn't very good. "Hey, Boo-boo! I just found me a yummy pick-a-nick basket!" With that, I proceeded to lick the spaces between the folds of her pussy.

George didn't even attempt an impression. "Are you gonna share?"

I licked the part of the opening close to her perineum and broke character. Without looking back, I told him, "You get to enjoy this all the time. I haven't had it since February. But I've got something else I think you'll like." I raised my hips.

Soon the same crown that I'd just had my lips around was working its way inside my pussy. He entered me slowly. Leslie said, "He's running his cock along your wall, isn't he?" Without stopping my oral loving of her, I nodded. "Don't you just love how he gets so thick while he's inside you?" I could feel him doing just that and ate her even more intently. "Fuck her harder, George!" she moaned. "When he hits this one spot, it makes me wanna have a baby," she told me. I put that thought out of my mind and just enjoyed what we were doing. George pulled out until only the head was still inside me and then thrust back in. He went a little harder with each thrust. "Oh, God, Sonya, you really know how to love a woman!"

That made George get even more erect. "Fuck, that's hot!" he shouted. He tried to thrust harder, but he lost his footing and just ended up going in a different direction. I didn't mind, because I like feeling it in all different parts of my vagina. I let out a moan of approval.

"You hear that, George?" Leslie asked. "I think our friend is gonna come!" I nodded in agreement. "How 'bout you?"

He hit another new spot, and I couldn't contain myself. I could feel my muscles tensing up, and I felt like I could see eternity. "She's definitely coming, Hon!" he answered. "And she's squeezing the hell out of my dick!" I barely noticed until he said that, but now I could feel every contour of his shaft as my muscles contracted around it. "And now I'm coming too!" Sure enough, I could feel him filling me with semen as he spoke.
