 Hello to all my readers. Here is another story of when I was first attending college. I hope you enjoy it.



This is a story of when I first got into college. I had taken a part time job working at a woman's clothing store to try and make some extra money. One day one of the girls I knew from class, her name is Kathy, came in the store to buy some things. Kathy was looking at lingerie mostly and we got to talking about why I was working there and about making extra money.

Kathy said "Me and some of the other girls work at this strip club and made really good money. You would do great there you have a hot looking body and the guys would love it."

"I don't think my Dad could handle me being a stripper." and I laughed.

"We also do private parties if you'd like to come do that sometime you're more then welcome. It's actually our busy season for Bachelor Parties and such."

"I'll have to think about but I'll let you know."

"Listen, there's a Bachelor Party I have to do tonight and one of the girls can't make it. Why don't you come and fill in see if you like it or not?"

"What would I have to do?"

Kathy laughed. "Just dance, have fun and let them grab your ass. It pays $200.00 for four hours plus extra's."

That sold me right there. "What time do you want me to meet you?" And we both laughed.

Kathy gave me the details, address, and where to meet her. Kathy also told me to wear some sexy lingerie that I can strip out of. I looked around the store and found a really nice black lace outfit that had a sheer black top, bra, panties, and stockings that came in the set. I also picked out a nice pair of heels to match.

I was excited and nervous at the same time when I arrived at the address. Kathy introduced me to the other two girls and the guy that hired us. They went over the rules once again what was to be expected of us which included: Dancing, lap dances at an additional charge of $25.00 per dance, full nudity was expected and if anything else was desired by the guest that it was between the guest and dancer. It all sounded good to me and I had a good idea what they meant by anything else they may want.

We all went inside and said hello to the rest of the guest and they were told what the rules were also. There were about nine of them and they all looked to be in their early to mid thirties and some had pretty nice builds on them. By the looks of the clothes they were wearing you could tell that they were fairly well off, they were not just wearing jeans and T-shirts some had dress shirts on and slacks and such.

After the introductions all the girls started mingling and dancing with the guys. All the girls took turns dancing center stage and stripping then we started doing lap dances. Some of us went back center stage and danced together erotically to get the guys horny. While I was dancing I watched what the other girls were doing when they gave a lap dance to get an idea of what I should and shouldn't be doing. 

I pulled Kathy to the side and asked her about it and she said. "You can do whatever you feel comfortable doing. Just get your money up front. Most the girls are just giving blow jobs but I'm not sure if any are going further than that." 

"OK sounds good to me."

I went back to dancing and one of the guys wanted a lap dance from me. He gave me my money and I started dancing for him. I swayed my body back and forth in front of him bending over and spreading my legs. Then I sat on his lap and shook my tits in front of his face while I wiggled my ass on his cock. His hands were grabbing my ass and moving his hips as if he was fucking me. I was holding his head between my tits while still grinding in his lap until the song ended then I got up. I danced around some more until the next guy wanted a lap dance from me.

Things were going pretty well and I was making some good money already after only two hours of being here. There were times where the guys wanted to watch two of us girls playing with each other which we did and they paid us for it. I also started noticing some of the girls going off into other rooms with guys and I knew what they were going off to do. I've been thinking of trying it myself because there were a few guys that had asked me if I wanted to go into another room. 

I talked to Kathy when she got back from one of the rooms and asked her. "I know what the guys want going into the other rooms but what are you girls charging them for what you're doing?"

"Well it's all up to you but the girls have been getting $50.00 for a blow job. None of the guys have wanted anything else besides that so far but it's up to you."

"OK thanks, I just didn't know what to ask for."

I went back to dancing and it wasn't long before I had a guy ask about going to another room and I accepted. We had went into a side room and I told him the cost and he handed me the $50 dollars. I got on my knees as he pulled his cock out and I started sucking him off. He was holding onto my head and fucking my mouth as I twisted my lips over his shaft. I massaged his balls to urge him on and was grabbing his ass pulling him in to my mouth sucking him harder. After a few more minutes of sucking him I felt his hot cum hitting the back of my throat and sucked him till his cock stopped pulsing in my mouth. When he got done I smiled at him, thanked him and went back to dancing.

I was not on the dance floor long before I got another invite to a private room. After I got done with that guy it seemed like they were lined up. None of the girls were dancing anymore we were all just going into rooms for blow jobs. My pussy was getting wetter every time I went into a room and getting hornier also. It seemed after a while that the party had become more of just having sex then anything else. 

As I was walking by one of the rooms the door was open and I saw one of the other girls on her knees sucking one guy while another was fucking her from behind with a few of the other guys watching and stroking their cocks. As I was watching one of the men came up behind me and told me to come join the party. I walked in the room and a guy sitting in a chair handed me $50 dollars to suck him off.

I got down on my knees and started sucking him off and another guy said. "It's a $100 for a fuck right?" 

I just shook my head yes and he dropped $100 dollars in front of me. Then he got on his knees behind me and I felt his cock slip into my pussy. He started pounding his cock into me forcing me onto the other guys cock. I could see the girl next to me and she was getting fucked by another guy already. I started getting so horny that all I wanted was to be fucked now.

When I finished sucking the guy off another took his place and the guy fucking me was still pumping his cock deep into my pussy. There was already another guy that put $100 dollars on the floor in front of me telling me that he was next. When the guy behind me finished and filled my pussy with his cum he was replaced by the other man who gave me his money already.

He got behind me and was rubbing the shaft of his cock along my ass squeezing it between the cheeks of my ass before slipping it into my cum soaked pussy. He started off slow sliding it in and out of me and picked up his pace. I kept pushing back meeting his thrusts wanting it deeper until he started fucking me harder and forcing his cock deeper inside me. I squeezed my pussy down hard on his cock and felt him forcing it open as I moaned loudly enjoying the good fucking I was getting. My body began shaking as my climax built and he fucked me even hard until I climaxed and he filled my pussy at the same time. That was enough for the guy I was sucking to fill my mouth with his load.

After that I sat and caught my breath as everyone started moving back into the main room. Once we were back there it was time for the Groom to be center stage. We sat him in a chair in the middle of the room and tied him to it. Then all the girls took a turn sucking his cock and rubbing their pussy with it. Once we were done doing that they took the chair and laid it back. After they had him set in position each of the girls took a turn and had him eat them out. One by one the girls sat on his face and fucked themselves until they orgasmed and made him drink their juices. We watched as he tongue fucked each of them and then my turn came. My pussy was still wet and dripping from being fucked earlier so I knew he was in for a surprise. I straddled his face and started grinding down on his mouth. I felt his tongue slip inside my soaked pussy and pushed down harder onto his tongue. I felt him try and move his mouth to the side but I held his head in place and fucked myself even harder on his mouth. I reached down and rubbed my clit while I smeared the mixture of cum and cream on his face. I felt my climax build and let everyone watch as I squirted more cream on his face.

When I was finished cumming I stood up and he was gasping for breath. His face was covered in cum and cream and everyone was laughing as we watched him licking it off his face the best he could. All the girls got around him and gave him a hand and licked the cum off his face. After that we untied him and the party went on for a little while longer before it was time to leave.

All the girls went and got dressed then said goodbye to everyone but before we left the best man, the one who hosted the party, gave us each an envelope and thank us for the good time. When all the girls got outside Kathy thanked us all and gave us our money for the evenings event. I was not keeping track of the money I was getting from lap dances and such but I had a very nice surprise when I got home and counted it. 



I hope you enjoyed the story and look forward to your comments. Keep watching for more stories and adventures.