 Tara could feel her cheeks burning with embarrassment as old Mrs. Plunkett smiled and told her, "And you have a lovely weekend my dear, and I hope you do something fun!" before she toddled out of the library armed with a bag of reading material that would probably barely get her through the weekend the way she loved to read. 

Rolling her eyes as she watched her go, little did the old dear know, the type of plans Tara had for her weekend were just so scandalous, she couldn't possibly share them with anyone, especially not here at the library. If even one person were ever to discover that she loved to spend her off time being ravaged by strange men, and the rougher the better, she'd be fired so fast her head wouldn't even have time to spin, she'd be out the door so fast. 

But the truth was, as she locked up the building and turned out the lights all she'd been able to think of for the past few weeks was how it would feel to finally be gang-banged, just like she'd always dreamed of. And after just one more sleep, she'd get a chance to find out. 

Knowing her the way he did, her equally kinky friend Dan had been kind enough to take care of the arrangements. So now all she had to do was show up, ready and willing to be used and abused by a room full of men, most of whom she never even laid eyes on before. But they'd be seeing plenty of her before the night was out. And as her pussy nearly flooded at the thought, she could hardly wait to finally experience what a real live gang-bang would feel like, eager to be taken by so many different men and fucked to within an inch of her life, her legs actually began to get shaky just imagining what that would feel like. 

Crawling into bed and turning out her bed-side light later that night, she didn't dare reach for her vibrator, as she normally did most every night. Sure her pussy was about to get enough stimulation to last her nearly a lifetime, all she knew was that she could hardly wait to discover what it would feel like to be the only woman in a room full of eager horny men intent on taking her every way imaginable. 

And her poor desperate pussy was almost dripping, just imagining how wicked that would be. 

Of course most women would think she was crazy, but she'd discovered that the only type of sex she could truly enjoy was rough and anonymous. Of course she'd tried going the regular route, dating the odd guy she met through normal channels, but no one she'd ever gone out with could ever make her feel as aroused or as satisfied as her nameless hookups always did. So, naturally for someone with her tastes, the more men that used her, the better. 

And finally when the next night rolled around, the night she'd desperately been waiting for, her stomach was a ball of nerves as she rode the elevator up to her friend Dan's apartment, carrying an overflowing bag full of condoms. She had to laugh thinking back at the shocked expression on the cashier's face when she'd check out of the drug store after pretty much clearing their shelves of every last prophylactic they had -- even the glow in the dark ones. 

But it sure was going to be one hell of a night, a night she'd only dreamed of. And no matter how sore and raw she was after it was all over, she already knew she'd never regret it. Raw, dirty sex was all she ever craved and with as men as she could handle, and tonight would be the absolute pinnacle, and hopefully even more than she'd ever fantasized. 

Tugging his apartment door open the moment he heard her knock, her friend Dan chuckled as he called over his shoulder to the three tables full of men playing cards, "Hey, fun time's just arrived boys, so get your peckers out and wrap 'em up." 

But after pressing a kiss to her cheek, and taking the bag of condoms off her hands, Dan whispered in her ear, "Now you're sure about this, right, 'cause we can still call it off." 

Taking a long deep steadying breath, Tara nodded, and just told him the truth. "Yes, I'm, sure. And I don't think I've ever wanted anything more, no matter how badly my legs are shaking right now." 

"Well, you can be sure I'll keep my eye on things," he promised her. "And if you need to call a halt to whatever's going on, you just say so, baby, and everything'll stop." 

Giving him a grateful smile, she said, "Thanks, Dan." And she knew she was lucky to have a friend who understood her needs the way he did. But she already knew, now that she was here, with every last man in the room eyeing her like a fresh piece of meat, no way would she ever back out without finally fulfilling her dream of being savagely ravaged by a pack of leering strangers. 

Slipping her coat off her shoulders, Dan's eyes popped open wide when he saw that beneath her simple beige trench coast all she wore was a black lace push-up and a tiny strip of a thong that barely covered her clean-shaven pussy. And with the come-fuck-me heels she was wearing, her long blonde hair, hanging over her shoulder in a loose pony-tail, and her lips painted an alluring ruby red, she looked like sex personified. And naturally every man in the room let out a groan as they eyed her, standing before them nearly naked, just waiting for them to pounce. 

A few of the men began to mutter amongst themselves, with some of them already quickly ditching their clothes. And as Tara watched them getting naked one by one, she was already so aroused her pussy began to ache with the need to be filled. And she knew she needed this, like she needed to breathe. Though she knew most women would think she was insane for turning her body over to a room packed full of horny men that she didn't even know, especially to do with her as they pleased, she'd never felt as elated or as stoked I her life as she tried to imagine just how crazy things might get. 

But from the first moment she'd been tagged teamed by Dan and his cousin Jake, she knew this was not only what she wanted -- but what she needed -- to have herself crudely used as nothing more than a fuck toy. And it always felt so good, to have Dan filling her pussy while Jake packed his cock in her ass, or when one of them filled her throat while the other mercilessly fucked her cunt. And she accepted the fact, that it was simply who she was, a woman who needed sex just hard and raw as she could get it. 

Her pussy already dripping with need, her full breasts heaved, as a tall, dirty-blonde heavily muscled and tatted stud sauntered towards her grinning, already stroking his thick cock in his hand, which had her eyes darkening and dilating with arousal, just watching him approach. And she could hardly wait to discover what he'd feel like when he began to take her, especially with a cock that size -- and any damn way he pleased. 

But he surprised her when he strode up to her, smiling appreciatively as he brushed his hand along her cheek, and told her, "You really are a pretty one, aren't you? With that long blonde hair and those big innocent blue eyes." Then wrapping his hand behind her head, he sank his tongue into her mother for a panty-melting kiss, making her moan as he cupped her breast, and roughly began to tug at her nipple. Finally pulling back, he chuckled and said, "I think I want to eat you out first, baby girl, before all these fuckers get their cocks in you." 

And just hearing him say that had her pussy almost screaming for release. Her brain numbed by the intensity of his kiss, all Tara could do was look at him and mindlessly nod her head in agreement, since now she could hardly wait to feel his mouth on her sex. 

Then suddenly she was in his arms, and he was spreading her across a long wooden table. And taking a seat at the end, he wasted no time, pressing his mouth to her pussy he lapped at her and began to graze his teeth over her sex straight through her lacy thong, making her let out a desperate little whimper as she rolled her eyes skyward, already feeling crazy hot, and all he'd done was tease her, and just through her panties. 

Then before she could even think, he was tugging her thong down he legs, grasping her by the thighs and spreading her legs open wide, telling everyone else in the room, "You boys ever see a prettier pussy in your life -- just look at that, so smooth and pink and wet. Now I can hardly wait to get in there for a taste, never mind fill it up and fuck it." 

Then she gasped when she felt his tongue impale her, driving so insanely hard into her pussy, as the rest gathered around seeming to enjoy the show, each of them in various stages of undress. And as he feverishly ate her out, tugging roughly on her pussy lips with his teeth before he pushed two fingers inside her deep, giving her pussy a rough little finger-fucking before he added a third, really getting her squirming, she began to quiver so hard, she wondered how she was still on the table. But oh fuck, it felt so good to have her pussy being stretched so roughly, which had her already feeling like she was about to climax, especially with how her entire body was beginning to tingle from head to toe. 

Mindlessly tossing her back her head back and forth, her nails digging into her palms, Tara could feel she was about come, and so fucking hard with the roughness of his thrusts making her whole body jerk along the table. Slamming her eyes shut, she shivered hard as she began to fall apart. His entire face buried deep in her pussy, lapping up every drop she released he was groaning so deep she could actually feel the erotic tingle of his mouth vibrating against her sex. "Now that's one sweet little cunt," he told the rest when he finally lifted his head, wiping her slick juices off his face with the back of his hand. "And since I broke her in, and got her nice and wet, I think I should be the first one to fuck her, too, and let her have a feel of my cock." 

Frustrated and annoyed with how long he was taking with her, a few of them started grumbling, but he just glared them down. And as he grabbed a condom from the bowl on the table and rolled it down over his rock hard cock, he told Tara as he jerked it in his hand, "Now, I enjoy a good hard fuck, and I've heard you like the same, so brace yourself, sugar, 'cause I'm really going to plow you." 

And before her brain could even register what he'd said, he had her ankles in his hands tugging her ass right to the edge of the table. Then he spread her so damn wide she wondered if he was going to split her in two as he grabbed hold of his cock, and then in one brutally hard thrust he seated himself as deep as he could possibly go straight up inside her pussy, actually making Tara gasp at the shocking feel of him packed in her tighter than she could possibly conceive. And although it stung to be packed so tight, it was such a delectable ache the way he'd forcefully stretched her insides, that all she did was lick her lips and softly moan as he began to really give her the good hard fucking that he'd promised. And seeing her little pink tongue lashing at her lips, a tall dark-haired man with a huge erection, who'd been watching them and beating his meat, moved in close beside her, took hold of her head, turned her face and pushed his fat cockhead past her lips, chuckling as he said, "Thought I'd I give you something to suck on while you're gettin' fucked, darlin'." 

And the erotic sensation of the two of them overpowering her was just so overwhelming that Tara could tell she was going to come again. Doing her best to take both of them as deep as she possibly could, forcing her gag reflex to relax, she could feel the hard length of his shockingly thick cock sliding over her tongue and pushing amazingly deep down into her throat, nearly cutting off her air. But just before she began to panic and choke, he mercifully pulled back, pushing his hands through her hair, he told her, "Oh, man that feels good, and now I'm going to fuck that pretty mouth, till I fill your throat with my cum, while Ted there fucks your sweet little pussy. And that way you get two rides for the price of one. Pretty sweet deal, huh?" 

Her eyes riveted to the look of concentration on his face as he began to ruthlessly thrust in and out of her mouth, she sucked him as hard as she could. Her lips painfully stretching around him to take his girth, he was just so thick, she couldn't believe her mouth could be made to stretch so wide. Picking up his pace as his eyes fell shut, they all began to groan together as what felt like a group climax began to mount, making them all shake and quiver as one as they got closer and closer to losing it. As the two of them feverishly worked her pussy and her aching mouth, Tara knew, no matter how uncomfortable, this was exactly what she craved, to be nothing more than a receptacle for whatever a man desired. And now she could hardly wait for everyone last one of them to take her, and use her, every bit as hard. 

Then as soon as the one at the table finished pounding her pussy hard enough that she was seeing stars, filling the condom to overflowing with one hell of a load of his hot seed, the other one surprised her, pulling out of her mouth without even coming. But with his dick fisted in his hand, jerking himself off, it seemed he decided instead to paint her tits. Aiming his shots to slash wave after wave of his milky white seed over her heaving breasts and stomach, he threw back his head and grunted his satisfaction, beating his cock in his hand till nearly every inch of her chest was streaked with the proof of how hard he'd come. 

And Tara was quivering so hard, as her pussy convulsed around the cock still buried deep inside her, that was amazingly hitting her right where she needed it, when she finally came in a near-blinding rush, she went into a full body shudder as the most amazing orgasm imaginable washed through her like an erotic tidal wave, sweeping her away till she was totally spent and barely able to catch her breath. 

But before she could even focus on what they were doing to her, the one in her pussy grabbed hold of his cock and pulled out of her and the two of them stepped away from the table, allowing another older man to roughly pick her up, toss her over his shoulder, and carry her over to the couch. "My turn," he said, smacking his hand down on her ass good and hard, loud enough that everyone in the room could hear it echoing off the walls. Then he got on his back, sat her on top of him, took hold of her legs and spread them open wide. As he settled her pussy over his cock, he told her, "I think I'd like a nice hard ride, girl, so get to it." Carefully nodding, bracing her weight on his shoulders, easing herself down on him, she slowly let him fill her already tender pussy. And noticing he was smaller than the other two had been, but so thick she could feel every delectable inch of him as he stretched her wide to fit him, she softly moaned and bit into her lip as she sank down and took him balls deep. 

And then all of a sudden, behind her, she felt a slickened finger pushing into her ass and she groaned out loud when he pulled out his finger and replaced it with his cock, forcing his way past the tight outer ring, till she could feel his cockhead pushing inside her. And she just shivered at the delectable sensation of having them both use her at once. 

Of course this was exactly what she'd craved, to be filled up so tight, she ached. But before she even got used to the feel of the cock pushing past the resistance of her ass, her hair was being twisted around in a big meaty hand, and then another long thick cock was pushing past her lips and into her mouth and down her throat. 

Closing her eyes, she let out a groan. Being air tight, just felt so perfect, even if it was a little frightening. Especially knowing she was being taken by three fat cocks at once now. The one beneath her, furiously thrusting his thick dick up to fill her, as the one behind, began to pound her ass, and the one tugging her hair and fucking her mouth was being so relentless she knew she wouldn't last long and she'd be coming again, and slicking up the one's balls who was fucking her pussy. And she also realized that this was how her night would be -- nothing but one orgasm after another, and one big hard fat cock after another filling her holes over and over again, all night long. Talk about a dream come true, especially for someone like her. 

Later, finding herself bent over the couch, with both her ass and pussy being roughly spanked before an entire hand was almost completely driven into her cunt, she just moaned at the pain of being used so roughly, shivering at the erotic thrill of being filled up, like she'd never been filled before. 

Then just when she thought she'd experienced every last thing they could possibly do to her, she felt a thick heavy cock roughly push into tender ass as two long fat cocks came up from beneath her and began to vie for space in her cunt with her legs splayed open painfully wide to take them both. And yet the intensely sweet pain of it nearly blew her mind. 

Then if that wasn't enough, she felt her nipples being twisted so hard, they began to sting like they were on fire. And then another long fat cock was thrusting into her mouth, and as painful and tight as it all was, she actually thought she'd died and gone to heaven, being used like this by a room full of horny men, who just couldn't get enough of her -- especially since she'd never been filled up by four big hard cocks at once before in her life. 

And being used like she'd never been used before, just felt so freeing, like she was floating above her body on a cloud of sheer unadulterated lust, where the pain could barely touch her, especially once she started to come, every inch of her breaking into a full body shudder. 

But as she slowly came down from the high of being made to come harder than she'd ever come, with the four of them packed so tightly inside her, sending her entire body into a sensory overload, eventually as the euphoria of it wore away, she realized that she was sticky and achy and hot. Despite being filled up so achingly tight, that her ass and cunt were throbbing like a bitch, never having felt so tender and raw, she still felt like this was what she was meant for -- to be mercilessly fucked to within an inch of her life, like she'd only ever dreamed of. And as she felt yet another hot sticky cum-bath shooting into her hair and her eyes, as another stranger pointed his dick at her and jerked off in her face, all she did was open her mouth to savor the salty taste, happily swallowing every last thing he gave her, relishing every second of it. 

As elated as she was exhausted, she groaned with disappointment when Dan stepped in and put a stop to their fun when he said, "I think it's time we gave her a rest boys." Her eyes flying open wide with alarm, she thought, how could he do that to her? How could he make it all stop when it was getting so good, and without even asking her if she'd had enough? 

Brushing back her sticky hair from her sweat slicked face, his gaze filled with concern, Dan looked into her bleary eyes and asked, "Baby, you okay?" 

Numbly nodding her head, Tara had to struggle to lift her head and look up at him. And though her eyes were growing heavy, feeling more than a little weak and worn out, aching from the soles of her feet to the roots of her hair, with how many times she had her hair viciously pulled, somehow she still managed to smile and tell him, "Never better." And oddly enough she meant it, too. Not often a girl was lucky enough to have her dream come true like this. And she knew if they were still willing, once she'd had a rest, she'd be more than game to take them all on again. Losing count after ten, it definitely had to be the best night of her life, sure that at least a dozen men had used her to the point of exhaustion. 

None of them bothering to get dressed, the men played cards for a bit in the buff while she made her way into the bathroom to clean up, with Dan's help. Wincing as she took a look at herself in the mirror, as he started the shower for her, she barely recognized herself. Her makeup was so smeared, that even her mascara had run down to her chin in long black streaks. And her red lipstick had her looking like a clown with how it was spread all around her mouth, especially with how many cocks she'd had pushed inside it. No getting around it, she really did look like she'd been ridden hard and put away wet. And her hair was so caked with dried cum, that it was standing up straight in spots, and had lost all its luster, having gone all sticky and hard. 
