 It was a rainy night. The lights shone like silver on the streets lighting his journey home. The moon lit the sky and the rain cleared the stars danced across the heavens as he glanced at them momentarily, remembering nights shared on a patio with his lover. The ride home was going to be a long one and Mike was exhausted from a long days work.

It had been weeks since he had been able to see his lover, Amy. Long days spent reminiscing over the last visit they had together. Her face and smile still etched in his mind he was eager to see her once again. Work had been so busy and family life had gotten even more hectic. He missed her, but knew that it wouldn't be long until he saw her once again.

As he pulled in the driveway his cell indicated a text message had been left. A smile came to his face knowing that it was surely from Amy. "I can't wait to see you and feel you once again. I have a surprise for you sweetie that I am sure you will enjoy." He read the text message and his mind raced. "What surprise could it possibly be?" The possibilities plagued him and he spent the night tossing and turning like a young child waiting for Christmas morning.

Morning arrived and he awoke with an anticipation and excitement so strong he could barely contain it. He kept up his appearances with his family, bid them a farewell and a good day and walked quietly to his truck.

Once down the road a smile spread across his face and a pressure built up in his tight jeans. Countdown began, only 3 hours until he would see her, smell her, and partake in her surprise.

An hour had passed and he called her on her cell phone. "Why hello there handsome" she said in her sultry voice that often gave him goose bumps. "Hey there baby, I am on the road. Countdown, 2 hours, wanna fuck me?" Mike chuckled. "Oh yeah baby, the question is, do you wanna just fuck me? See ya soon babe?" and she hung up. 

Puzzled, he drove on, wondering just what was meant by that, and knowing his lover, there was no way to interpret it.

The drive was long and yet quick. He was always amazed at the mixed emotions that ran through him before seeing her. Nervousness, anticipation, excitement, nautiousness, the list went on and on.

Then there it was, her van, parked in the parking lot of the hotel that they decided to meet at. Normally she would meet him outside but this time he had strict instructions to just arrive to room J114. He found his way to the room and stood outside the door, his heart pounding and his cock aching for her.

He knocked and was told to come in and lock the door behind him. He opened the door slowly, anticipating an eager woman's pounce; instead he found that Amy had started the party without him.

There on the bed was a petite blonde lying naked. Her eyes closed in a sexual frenzy as his woman lay between her legs. A smile took over his face as Amy looked up towards him, smiling and then eagerly taking over where she had left off.

Mike watched as Amy's tongue danced across the mystery woman's clit sending the woman into shivers of orgasm. Amy kept moaning as she tasted her pussy, her tongue slipping in and out of her tight hole and then back to her engorged button.

The woman reached down and grasped Amy by the head begging for more. Mike's cock was throbbing and begging for its release. He quickly disrobed as he watched Amy's face grinding between the woman's legs and the woman thrusting her hips into Amy's mouth. 

He approached the two women with his cock in hand, stroking it slowly while he fought the urge to cum. "Well babe, how about you see if she can suck cock as good as I can?" He stood there, unsure of what to do, almost in shock. But then his cock spoke to him internally, seeking the blow job that he needed so badly.

The mystery woman quickly took his cock into her mouth, no teasing, and just rapid hard sucking. She moaned and the vibrations surrounded Mike's cock bringing him closer to orgasm. He watched as her wet lips and mouth took in his throbbing meat, taking it deep within her mouth and he then turned his head to find that his girlfriend had brought her favourite toy and was now fucking her friend with a long purple dildo.

The woman arched her back and momentarily removed Mikes cock from her mouth as she orgasmed. Her juices flowing from her pussy, her moaning and screams making Amy wet, she slowly came down from the waves of orgasms that had just taken over her body.

Amy slowly kissed her way up her friend's body, leaving a trail of kisses across her stomach. Amy then cupped her breasts as she sucked on her nipples. Mike, still in shock and watching the hot display of erotic pleasure returned his cock to the woman's mouth urging her to take it all.

Her lips tight around his cock, Amy reached behind him and slowly massaged his balls. Amy's legs straddled the woman's one thigh, her clit pressing against it just so, her friend moving her leg ensuring to bring Amy's pussy great pleasure. Mikes eyes locked on Amy's as he thrusted into the woman's mouth and announced that he was about to erupt.

He pulled out from her mouth and grasped his cock. His cum flowing as the two cum hungry women fought over each drop. Both their tongues caressing his cock, both mouths soon began exchanging his cum.

He watched as they kissed and found that his erection quickly announced itself once again. He was still rock hard, and he still wanted more. 

Amy quickly positioned herself so that she and her friend were in the 69 position. The woman quickly grasped Amy's ass and began licking her pussy. Amy was in dire need of an orgasm, her pussy was hot and wet and as her friend took her clit into her mouth she knew it wouldn't be long. Amy grinded into her mouth and began tasting the mystery woman's pussy once again.

Mike positioned himself behind Amy and guided his cock to her tight wanting hole. Her friend saw his cock and quickly licked and teased the head with her tongue. She sucked on it slowly until Amy begged Mike to fuck her, and to fuck her hard.

Who was Mike to deny his lover such pleasures? He slowly inserted his manhood into her wanting pussy, he watched as it slowly crept deep within her. The warmth, the tightness, surrounding his cock.

The two women devouring each others sex was a site that drove him wild. He grabbed Amy's ass and started thrusting into her with long deep hard strokes. Amy's moans were felt against her friend's pussy, as Amy's lips pressed against its wetness.

Amy was soon meeting Mike's thrusts, begging for more he picked up the pace. She lifted her head and arched her back and he felt her cum, his cock and inner thighs adorned in her juices he could barely contain himself.

Her lover quickly licked up Amy's wettness and begged to get fucked as well. Although Amy hated the thought of Mike's cock leaving her pussy she agreed and quickly took another position. 

Mike followed his commands well and was soon thrusting into the mystery woman. She was petite, and asked him to take it slower. Slowly he pulled his cock out of her pussy, and then pushed it back in with ease. He watched as his cock slipped in and out of her. His cock still wet from his lovers cum, it glistened with each slow thrust.

Amy soon positioned herself so that she was able to suck and nibble on her friend's breasts and finger her clit slowly. The two worked together to bring her friend to orgasm heights she had never known.

As her friends clit hardened, she ran circles around it slowly. Her friends nipple hard in her mouth she teased it with her tongue. 

Mike could feel her pussy throbbing against his cock, and was relieved when she screamed that she was about to cum because he wasn't sure how long he could hold back from orgasming. Suddenly her pussy tightened and her body shook as she had one orgasm after another.

Mike pulled his cock out and his cum instantly flew from the tip of his cock all over the woman's stomach and breasts. He couldn't help but laugh when he saw Amy's face, so happy and so willing to clean up every drop.

He joined her, as they licked his cum off of the woman's body and then the two shared a long deep kiss as the mystery woman tried her best to gather herself.

The mystery woman then shared one last kiss with Amy and a thank you kiss with Mike, and dressed herself and walked out of the room.

Mike sat on the bed, looking at his lover, smiling and then saying "boy, you are a naughty girl now aren't you?" Amy laughed, mounted him and pushed him back on the bed. She could feel his semi hard cock pressed against her pussy and rubbed herself against it. "Yeah, and you love it" she whispered in his ear as she prepared for a one on one round.