 It had been four months since our hot adventure - when my twin sister Toni and I had enjoyed our first sexual experience together - and things were pretty much back to normal. We rarely talked of that early summer day, busy as we were with the school year starting up again. For those who might not remember the more mundane details of that last story I shared, Toni teaches music and I teach art at the local high school.

It was October now, and there had been a cloud over the school ever since the principal's announcement at the last faculty meeting that the school board had asked him to propose budget cuts for the upcoming year. Everyone was worried that their job might be cut, and it was really hurting morale. But our principal - Mr. Davidson - was a good, hard-working man, and rather than just turn in his own proposal for cuts behind our backs, he had formed a committee to come up with several ideas for discussion. Since I had a lot of respect for him, and of course an interest in the success of our school and students, I volunteered to join the committee.

From the very first meeting, it became abundantly clear that the arts would be the first place most people would suggest cuts. Everyone agreed that the basics - math, history, etc. - had to be maintained. And there was always huge support for sports. But my position, that music and art education was vital for our students, seemed to fall on deaf ears. Those colleagues who did listen to me just thought I was trying to keep my own job. After most of these meetings, I ended up at my sister Toni's apartment, where she let me vent, assured me that she supported me, and kept my wine glass full as we talked late into the night.

One such evening, when I'm sure we had both had a little too much to drink, Toni suddenly said, "I wonder if Mr. Davidson would be interested in hearing about what we did this summer?"

"Huh?" was the only response I could muster, not sure where she was going with this.

"Well, I'm just thinking, if you can't win over the committee, maybe we should both go directly to the top, and use everything at our disposal to argue our case with him."

"Are you suggesting what I think you're suggesting, that we seduce our boss?"

"What if I am?"

"I don't think I could go through with that - it could cost us both our jobs!!"

"Hmm. Well, what if we make a first move, one which isn't too bold, and see if he wants to take it from there?"

We spent the rest of the evening developing our plan - again, one that could only have arisen after a few too many glasses of wine. We stripped down to our underwear and took turns snapping pictures of each other in sexy poses, breaking down in hysterical laughter every few minutes - see, even though we had the looks to pull it off, neither of us had ever imagined modeling. Eventually, we figured out how to use the remote feature on Toni's digital camera, and set it up to take pictures of both of us. The plan was a pretty basic one - I would make an appointment with Mr. Davidson to discuss a few questions about the budget process. I would pretend to accidentally drop my folder full of budget files, and out would spill a couple of suggestive photos of Toni and I. If he wasn't interested, I could just laugh it off. But if he was...

With only a minor hangover the next morning, I called the secretary and made an appointment for just after the last period of the day. At lunch, I printed out a few of the sexy photos Toni and I had taken the night before and slipped them into my budget folder. Then, just before going back into my classroom, I left Toni a message on her cell, asking her to head straight home after school, just in case he was interested in getting down to business.

The next few hours dragged on, anxious as I was to get on with the plan. Even though the original motivation had been convincing him to go along with our priorities for the budget, I found myself daydreaming about the man himself, realizing that I had always found him attractive, but had tried to ignore those feelings because he was my boss. Mr. Davidson - Jeremy - was significantly older than Toni and I, I guessed about 45. But he was a former athlete and coach who kept himself in great shape, and brought more youthful energy to work each day than most of the young teachers.

When the last bell rang, I found myself almost running to his office, and he greeted me with a warm smile when I arrived. "So, Michelle, what can I do for you?"

"Well, I just have a few concerns about the budget process I was hoping you'd be willing to discuss."

As I began fumbling with my files, trying to make the pictures spill out as innocently as possible, he said, "I know you've been working hard to convince the rest of the committee of the importance of arts education. Believe me, I'm on your side, I just don't know if... wha... what's that?"

"Oops, I'm sorry, Mr. Davidson, I don't know how that could have possibly gotten in there!" Wonderful poker face that he had, I couldn't tell what his reaction was until he opened his mouth.

"Wow, Michelle. I must admit, I had no idea how hot you two were - you always dress so professionally for school."

"Well, um... thank you."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. I shouldn't have said that. But, jeez, I'm sorry, I can't help it - those are really hot pictures. Did you two take those yourselves?"

"That's OK, I don't mind. Actually, yes, we did take them, just last night. I was over at her place, we were discussing the budget, and I guess this was just our way of letting out our frustrations."

"I'm sorry to hear that you've been frustrated. If I can be so bold, perhaps you'd let me join your discussion - give you both a chance to give me some input before I read the committee's report?"

"Sounds good to me, I know we'd both appreciate that opportunity. I was actually going to head over to Toni's right now, you're welcome to join me if you like?"

He didn't need more convincing than that. About 20 minutes later, I knocked on the door to Toni's apartment, and she opened it wearing nothing but her bra and panties. While I had been busy arranging this little rendezvous, she had obviously been busy as well, lighting candles throughout her apartment, putting on some music, and, of course, stripping down to her lingerie to greet us.

Wordlessly, she took her boss' hand and led him to the sofa, where she motioned for him to sit, and then promptly got down on her knees between his legs. As I watched and quietly undressed, she tugged at his belt until it came loose. Quickly getting the idea, he unzipped his slacks and pulled them and his boxers down far enough to give her the access she desired. Using only her mouth, she sucked in all of his still small, flaccid cock. Her head barely moved, her tongue doing all the work until he began to grow and stiffen inside of her. When he was hard enough to fuck her mouth properly, she began bobbing up and down on him, also now taking his balls in one hand and slowly rolling them back and forth.

I found myself admiring her technique almost as much as he obviously was, and wondering where and when my sister had learned to suck cock like this. Oh well, twins don't need to know everything about one another! Now also stripped down to just my bra and panties, I sat down on the sofa next to Jeremy. He had let his head fall back against the cushions and had closed his eyes, but he quickly opened them again when I took his hand and placed it against my panty-covered pussy.

After exploring outside the fabric for a moment, he slipped one finger underneath, and quickly found my clit, which he began rubbing gently as he leaned in and kissed me on the neck. I moaned and arched my back at his touch, and Toni pulled away from his cock for a moment to watch us. She continued to stroke him, but slowed down her pace significantly, obviously hoping to sustain him for much more fun and festivities.

Before long, Toni grew jealous of the pleasure I was enjoying, and climbed up off her knees, joining us on the sofa. As I had a few minutes earlier, Toni took his hand and guided it to her pussy. Now, with one twin on each side of him, together massaging his cock and balls, Jeremy fingered both of us, one with each hand. We took turns urging him on, "Yes, Jeremy, that's it, I want to see you finger-fuck her. Stroke her clit just like you're stroking mine."

We were all moaning in pleasure, and I could easily have cum right then and there, but Jeremy obviously had other plans. He pulled away from us, stood up, and found his way to the bedroom, pulling off the remainder of his clothes as he went. Toni and I eagerly followed, also stripping down to nothing by the time we arrived at her bed.

He positioned himself on his back in the middle of the bed, his head on the pillow and his big, hard cock jutting straight up from his body. "You have no idea how often I've fantasized about being with twins, and now that you've invited me here, I want you both to climb on top of me. Toni, I want you to ride me while I eat out Michelle."

I was the first to respond, eager to have this man lick my clit and fuck my dripping pussy with his tongue. Toni watched as I positioned myself over his face and he grabbed me by the hips, pulling me firmly down onto his tongue. I groaned as he entered me, and gave Toni a look of pure lust as she knelt over his cock and slowly lowered herself onto him.

"Aaaaaahh," Toni cried out as his cock filled her tight pussy. She slowly began moving up and down on him, reaching out and pinching my nipples as she rode him. I returned the favor, grabbing her breasts and kneading them, practically holding on for balance as I became dizzy from the sensations as Jeremy licked my clit. Before I expected to, I came quickly and violently, shuddering with a powerful orgasm and covering Jeremy's face with my juices as he continued to fuck my sister.

When I had control of my senses again, I climbed off and knelt beside them on the bed, watching as Jeremy put his hands on Toni's hips and encouraged her motions on top of him. Before long, I was ready for more action, their hot sex turning me on again, and I pulled myself up to my knees and began stroking my clit. Toni pulled herself off of Jeremy's giant cock and knelt on the other side of him, and began mirroring my motions.

As I cupped my breasts and pinched my nipples, so did Toni. Jeremy, obviously turned on by the sight of hot twins masturbating above him, again began fingering one of us with each hand, as he had done earlier on the sofa. "God, you two are so hot," he said as he slipped a finger deep into each of us. "Michelle, I want to fuck you now, I want my cock inside your tight little pussy."

Wordlessly, as if we were all experienced veterans of the menage-a-trois, we moved ourselves into a spectacular position that would bring us each to orgasm. Jeremy rolled from his back to his side, and pulled me down next to him, spooning me. He grabbed one of my legs by the ankle and lifted it up as he entered me forcefully from behind, leaving me gasping for breath but delighted with the incredible feeling of fullness. As he began to fuck me, Toni pulled in close, facing me. Jeremy let go of my ankle and now took hold of hers, pulling her leg high so that it could cross over mine, bringing her clit into contact with mine. His hand free once he had pulled us into this position, he reached over me and inserted two fingers into her pussy.

With each stroke of his cock deep into my pussy, he also thrust his fingers into Toni's, and we simultaneously ground together, stimulating each other with each stroke. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, delightfully stuck in the middle of this sex sandwich as I was. But it turned out that Jeremy was the first to cum, quickening both the tempo and force of his strokes and then shooting his load deep inside of me. As he did so, I began rubbing my clit against Toni's even more intensely, and we both lost it together, Jeremy watching and listening as we cried out in ecstasy.

The three of us remained on the bed for a while, catching our breath and savoring the moment, before Jeremy finally pulled himself up and moved through the apartment, finding his clothes one piece at a time. "Michelle, I'm glad you came to speak with me today. Believe me, you've convinced me of your position. I'll let you and Toni know if I have any other questions about your art and music budgets."

He gave us each a peck on the cheek and then was out the door. Still naked on the bed, covered with sweat and cum, Toni and I sat up and gave each other a high five. We make quite a team.