 Michael had asked me to come to his house to act out his fantasy. I was a little nervous about that but more than anything I was disappointed that I wouldn't be able to record the night's adventures with the library security cameras for future viewing.

When I knocked on his door, Michael quickly answered, and I suspected he had been anxiously waiting for me to arrive

He took in the loose summer dress I wore and said, "You look great."

"Thanks. So do you." 

"I'd like you to meet my friend Jon."

"Hi," I said to Jon, looking him over. He was built like Michael, tall and strong; imagining both of them naked, I immediately felt a tingle of excitement shoot through my body.

"Nice to meet you," he said, smiling. "I've been looking forward to meeting you."

I laughed. "I'm sure you have." Because I didn't mind being the aggressive one again, and I didn't want to stand around all night making small talk, I asked, "Where do you want me, Michael?"

He blushed slightly at my directness. "The bedroom," he said.

"Lead the way." He did, and Jon and I followed Michael down the hall to his bedroom, which was mostly filled with a king size bed and matching dresser.

"As I told you," Michael finally said, "my fantasy is to watch and then I want to join in. I want to fuck you in the ass while you ride Jon."

I smiled at Michael. "I've always wanted to try double penetration."

Turning to Jon, I said, "Ready?"

In reply, Jon kissed me, gently at first, exploring my mouth with his tongue. He pulled me against him and I could feel his cock press against my stomach. I was surprised by the tenderness of his embrace, since we were strangers who had only come together for the sake of fulfilling Michael's fantasy.

Jon slid his hands down my body and lifted my dress. From the corner of the room I heard Michael suck in his breath, obviously approving of my lack of panties under my dress.

Jon's mouth left mine as he pulled the dress over my head; his mouth trailed down my jaw and throat to my breasts. Jon sucked one nipple into his mouth as he pinched the other between his fingers. I sighed against him and wrapped my fingers into his hair, holding him against my breast. In reply Jon bit down on my nipple and I moaned, enjoying the quick pain that shot through my body.

I tugged at Jon's clothes, anxious to get him naked. Sensing my hurry, he quickly removed his pants as I unbuttoned his shirt. I ran my hands along Jon's body, appreciating the tan muscles of his arms and chest.

Jon led me toward the bed, pulling me astride him as he lay back against the pillows. I leaned over him, my breasts dangling over his face. Jon raised his head and bit down on my nipple.

"Ooohh," I moaned.

I couldn't wait any longer to have him inside me, so I raised myself over his cock and slid down him until he was fully inside me. Jon groaned and bucked his hips underneath me. He sucked my breast into his mouth again. Not wanting to dislodge his mouth, I rocked slowly against him.

Jon and I were so engrossed in our fucking that we were both surprised when Michael approached. He climbed onto the bed behind me, his hand lubing his cock. I paused on Jon when Michael pressed against me, his cock pulsing against my ass.

Slowly he slid into my anus, my skin stretching around him. I couldn't move, could only hold myself still with Jon deep inside my pussy as Michael sheathed himself inside me. Slowly Michael pushed in and out; looking down at Jon I could see the pleasure on his face; he could obviously feel Michael's movements.

The fullness of having them both inside me was overwhelming. My body rocked back slightly against Michael, bringing him further into me. Jon moaned, his cock pulsing in my pussy.

"Oh God," I cried when Michael reached his hand under me to touch my clit. Seeing Michael's hand so close to him, Jon exploded inside me. Michael's hand pinched harder on my clit and I cried out; pleasure rippled through my body as I came. With a final thrust, Michael climaxed, too. I felt his cock pulse in my ass, and I trembled between them.

Michael pulled out of me and fell onto the bed, smiling. I climbed off Jon and lowered myself between them.

"I think we're even," Michael told me.

Jon laughed. "I don't think so. I haven't gotten my fantasy yet."