 It was Thanksgiving eve, and being a poor college student, I could not afford to go home for the holiday. I was feeling lonely, as this would be the Thanksgiving I would spend away from my family. That night I engaged in the activity that comes naturally to a college student without class the next day. I went to my regular bar for a few drinks. The bar that on a regular night is packed with horny coeds trying to hook up for the night was eerily quiet. I talked sports and music with the bartender passing the time by. It was a dull and boring night by any standards. 

That was until two young attractive women entered the bar. They were sat down at the bar a few stools away from me. One was a busty brunette with an English accent, and the other was a petite blonde also with an English accent. The brunette was wearing a fitted shirt and tight pants that perfectly accentuated the curves of her body, and her blonde friend a similar outfit. We spent some time checking each other out, but for tonight I was content to have a relaxing evening, and I continued to nurse my beer by myself.

I think they were on their third round of drinks when the brunette walked over and sat down next to me. “Hi I’m Lynn” was her introduction to me, and her friend’s name was Amy. They were students from England attending one of the local colleges, and working as nannies for visa purposes. Lynn was intrigued by the fact that I was from New York, and we were discussing the possibility of her going back with me during winter break for a tour of the city.

Suddenly amid our conversation I felt Lynn’s hand running up my thigh. Her move caught me off guard, but I had absolutely no contention with her and her 42 DD chest coming on to me. The second that I looked up to smile at her, she lunged toward me and thrust her tongue into my mouth. I responded to her kiss, with my own tongue and lowered my hand to rub her ass. Our kiss intensified, and her hand went all the way up my thigh and started to rub my cock through my jeans. I broke off the kiss when I felt Amy's breath in my ear. She whispered to me we should leave, and head back to their place.

I wasted no time in paying my tab, and I paid for the ladies last round of drinks. Lynn and I followed Amy in my car back to their apartment. Once in the car, Lynn headed straight for my zipper. She pulled my cock out of my boxers and started to stroke it. I reached out for her chest and started to rub her nipple through her shirt. She quickly took her shirt off, and then removed her bra exposing her 42 DD chest to me. I pulled and tweaked her nipple as she went back to work on my cock. She moved my hand off her breast as she lowered her head down into my lap. First, she flicked her tongue over the head, sending tingles through my body. Then she took the head into her mouth circling it with her tongue. I moaned softly in response to her skilled tongue, and I was having problems driving while getting such good head, especially after having a few drinks beforehand. Lynn lowered her mouth down over my shaft, rolling her tongue over it as her head bobbed up and down. Her mouth felt so good, I was rock hard in her mouth and I could not wait to get to her place, and get into her pussy. After tasting a few drops of pre-cum, Lynn lifted her head from my lap and licked her lips. "You have a very nice cock, you better fuck me good with it" she said. She unzipped her jeans and started to finger herself. It was almost impossible to focus on the road while she fingered herself next to me.

Fortunately, the car ride was only about fifteen minutes, but it felt a lot longer than that. Amy opened the door and led us inside. Lynn was already topless, and she wasted little time getting out of the rest of her clothes once we were inside. She went straight to Amy and wrapped her arms around her neck and they embraced in a hot, sexy kiss. I sat down on the couch to enjoy the show. Amy pulled her shirt over her head and removed her bra, while Lynn knelt down and removed Amy’s pants. Amy turned to me and asked, “Aren’t you going to get naked too?” I was too excited to actually get any words out of my mouth in response, but I immediately began to unbutton my shirt and get out of my jeans. I sat on the couch and began to stroke myself while watching these two beautiful women make out and fondle each other.

Lynn took Amy by the hand and guided her over to the couch. Lynn brushed my hand aside from my cock and it all the way into her mouth. Amy sat down next to me and I reached out to start playing with her nipples. Her breasts were not as large as Lynn’s but they were very soft and perky. I leaned over and took her nipple into my mouth. Amy held my head down on her breast and moaned softly as I grazed the nipple with my teeth.

Once my cock was about as long and hard as it could possibly be Lynn lifted her head from my cock and then got between Amy’s legs and started to lick her pussy. I rose up from the couch and got behind Lynn. I raised her hips off of the floor and then bent her over onto her knees. I rubbed my finger against her slit, which I found to be dripping wet. I gripped my cock and rubbed it up and down between her pussy lips before inserting it slowly, all the way deep inside her pussy. Lynn let out a good moan when she felt that my cock was all of the way inside her.

The sound of these two women moaning was driving me crazy. I pumped my cock into Lynn’s pussy, and her hips were meeting my every thrust. Amy had her legs wrapped around Lynn’s neck and she pinched her nipples and bucked her hips wildly as she reached her climax. After Amy came Lynn pushed away from me and then stood up. She grabbed my shoulders and sat me down on the couch. She quickly straddled me and lowered her pussy down onto my cock.

She held my shoulders as she feverishly bounced up and down on my cock. I took her erect nipples into my mouth, and sucked and licked them as she rode me hard. I felt her pussy tightening around my cock inside her with every thrust. My cock was throbbing and ready to burst. Lynn pushed my head back and reached down to rub her clit as she too was nearing her climax. I thrust my hips upward more quickly to meet her every move. With one more thrust I gushed out inside her pussy. That sensation was the last one she needed to feel. A moment later her climax overtook her, and she cried out in pleasure, before crashing down against my chest.

Once we had regained our strength Amy suggested that we move things into the bedroom…