 I imagine you after a long week of business, sports, dad duties, in much need of serious stress release, and me handing you a gift certificate for a gentleman's spa. A blissful hour relaxing in the steam heat of the sauna. You arrive, get settled in and are thrilled that you appear to be the only one in the sauna at the moment. You loosely drape the towel around your lap and pull out some of the naughty stories I have written just for you. As you begin to read you can't help but feel the excitement growing between you legs and you reach down rubbing ab it over your towel enjoying the naughty feeling. Then, you hear the door open and see another man entering. 

He is a bit younger, tall, pleasant appearance, finding a spot to relax and removing his towel so it's just laying over his lap. After a few minutes he looks over and can't help but notice your hardness under the towel as you are reading and he makes a comment about that whatever you're reading must be good and sort of chuckles and you laugh a little nervously and keep reading, but you can't help but peer over noticing his shape and that his towel has slid down now so it's almost not covering anything - and then he catches you looking and he gives you a little smirk, lets the towel drop completely so you see for the first time that he's hard as well. He reaches down and runs his fingers over it, then starts to stroke a little, exciting you even more that someone completely unknown would be so bold in front of you and you are rock hard at the thought. 

He gestures a little towards you as to suggest you move your towel and you reach your hand down and push it a little so it slides off but instead of moving your hand back where it was, you let it slowly come back and rest on your hardness, unable to take your eyes of what he's doing, excited as much that he's looking at you as that you are watching what he's doing and almost subconsciously, you begin to stroke and for what seems the longest moment, the two of you are alone together, sweat beading off your bodies, legs almost uncontrollably spreading wider at the pleasure, the stroking becoming more intense for both of you, for the briefest moment you close your eyes and when you open them again, he's standing right next to you, his hardness directly at your eye level, one hand against the wall allowing him to lean a little, one foot up on the seat beside you, so he's in your full view, stroking slowly which makes you stroke even more at the pure sensuality of it all, and your mind begins to wander. 

Your heated bodies so close together, your hand eagerly stroking his cock, his pleasure more and more apparent as tiny beads drip from his hard cock, as he leans slightly forward and you instinctively do the same, you stop within inches, place your hands on his hips and gently pull him down, guiding him to his knees in front you, between the legs you spread wider to accommodate his position. You have continued to stroke your cock the entire time you have been watching him and then stroking his, and you are throbbing with pleasure at the excitement of the moment, at going to places you've yet ventured, at your surprised enjoyment of reaching out to stroke him, and now, with him between your legs, feeling the touch of his hands on your hips, the electricity palpable, the sauna heat only enhancing the charge of the moment as he slowly touches his tongue to your bulging head. 

The feeling sends a shiver down your spine as he teases a little all around the tip, down the shaft and back up again, then slowly begins to take you into his mouth. A deep unexpected moan escapes your lips as you whole body begins to melt into the moment while at the same time tensing from this new found pleasure. His head begins to move up and down more intensely, your entire being is giving in to the erotic, naughty, sensual delight... your hips beginning to rock back and forth to meet his movements, your legs spreading wider out of sheer delight and so he can pull in closer to you to take you all in. 

You move one hand from the seat where you have been braced and place it on the back of his head, incensed with the whole scenario, intoxicated by the newness, the excitement, the immeasurable pleasure, and start to push his head down as he eagerly accepts your guidance, both working in tandem bringing you closer... so much closer to losing all control despite some minute portion of yourself telling you not to let go - you can't help but get lost in the amazing feeling, the sound of your continued moans, the vision of watching his mouth taking your throbbing cock in and out, over and over again, you close your eyes you are on completely on the edge of something .... 

When you open your eyes, you realize there is another in the room. Another young man who perhaps was watching from the little window in the sauna door unable to take his gaze off what was happening and excited enough by the thought as to incite his own boldness in quietly slipping through the door. Your eyes fix on his long, lean, young body as he lets his towel drop to reveal the hard, erect cock beneath. He slowly walks over to you, cock in hand, gently stroking, tiny beads dripping off the tip. You are completely immersed in the moment. One continuing to suck on your hardness, ebbing and flowing in such perfect rythm you are not sure how much longer you can control what you have been trying to hold back; and now, this young man is just inches away, his leg up on the bench next to you, his cock at eye level as he strokes and you find your self getting impossibly harder at the whole scenario.

You reach up and begin stroking, replacing his hand with yours and as you do, the sucking on your cock becomes even more intense, you are completely engulfed by his hot mouth pulling you in and out, your legs spread wide, completely taken in, absorbed in the utter taboo of the moment. You're stroking him harder, his breathless moans begin to mix with your own and before long its' hard to tell which ones belong to whom but it doesn't matter the heat of the sauna is so intense, 3 hot, wet bodies glistening with the sweat of heated lust, completely embroiled in the moment and in a second of untold abandon, you move your head and take the young hard cock into your mouth. Your head is spinning, your entire being trapped in the magnetic field of desire, you feel his hand on the back of your head, gently pulling you forward and you lean in willingly, the feeling so new, so exciting, so shocking not only that you are doing it, but that you don't want to stop. 

The man between your knees is sucking endlessly, moaning at the pleasure of doing so and of stroking his cock at the same time; the young man is breathless and graciously moving his hips back and forth to meet your mouth as you pull him in over and over again, feeling him swell more and more with each thrust; your own body completely taken as if in another world, all cares out the window, all preconceived notions banished. Moving together in perfect tandem, surrounded by moans and the cleansing steam heat, your sensibilities heightened beyond any as yet imagined peak. You feel the young man's body begin to tense, you know his is imminently close to losing control which only furthers your liquid heat to surge to the tip. Suddenly you feel him pull away, grabbing his cock and stroking if furiously in front of you, while at the same time the man at your knees pulls you out of his mouth and places your hand on your cock putting himself in a position such that his cock is just inches from yours as you both stroke furiously. 

The young man suddenly releases almost violently, spewing his hot, sweet steam against your chest which causes the both of you to give up all hope of maintaining as your moans all mix together as if one loud, intense, cry of utter salacious desire, hot molten layers of liquid shooting forth, mixing together, spilling on to you in unbelievable waves until at last you have milked every drop of lustful passion from your exhausted and incredibly relieved bodies. Completely silent as when you entered, toweling off; each finding your own spot to lay and bask in the cleansing heat, refreshed, renewed, and sharing your secret.