 Special thanks to whordinarygirl for her editing advice. She saved you all from several grammatical errors: any remaining mistakes are mine alone. Enjoy! -SecretSmileToday

*

She couldn't believe she'd agreed to this. It's true, it was sort of her idea, but maybe—maybe—she had expected her husband would hit the brakes.

Joanna stared at the reflection in the mirror. Almost forty but still sexy: A good diet and a workout habit helped her feel confident in herself despite a few wrinkles and a slightly stretched-out "momma's belly". The outfit, now... that was something different. She felt a flush of something—Embarrassment? Lust? Both?---when she looked at the short skirt and white blouse, classic "naughty school girl" attire for tonight's party.

She smiled when she thought of her husband's mysteriousness and buildup. Joanna was comfortable with their new lifestyle: after fifteen years of monogamy, and kids, and work, and all other kinds of joys, they had decided to branch out sexually, invite occasional other couples into their shared pleasures. They'd worked through the few patches of jealousy that cropped up, but mainly were thrilled that they matched up as well here as in other areas. She loved watching him make his partner come, and the mingled love and lust in his eyes when he watched her fuck another man's gorgeous cock often helped put her over the edge. So, after all that, it seemed a little silly the lengths he'd gone to for tonight.

To be fair, this was her biggest unfulfilled fantasy: the naughty schoolgirl. 

She wasn't attracted to teenagers, but something about the outfit, the not-quite-innocence, the power differential... did it for her every time. She rarely masturbated these days with so many willing men (and women) offering to help, but when she did it was often imagining herself in a professor's office, on her knees in the outfit she was wearing now, working ever so hard to earn that "A." She'd brought it up a few times lately, and apparently, her husband wanted to help make it happen.

She made a face in the mirror. They did very well when they communicated clearly. Why had she taken so long to let him half-know how important this was to her? She was looking forward to tonight, but worried it might be too tame, not quite what she needed. She'd had a few "zingers"—that sudden rush of electric sensation—when she'd realized he was sounding her out about her boundaries. How far could he go? Would she want to have a safeword or just trust him and play it by ear?

It was almost a disappointment when she realized they were heading to the city and the swinger club's Naughty Schoolgirl Night. She'd hoped (or feared? or both?) that he was planning something bigger. But then she thought about all the things she'd been too nervous to try on their last visit. Would he get so into his role that he would push her to finally spread her legs for him at that very public barstool, ride him on that centrally located bed, or get fucked while leaning over the railing? Did she want him to?

She let the complications fall away as she pulled on the stockings, the too-short plaid skirt, and the tight white blouse over the revealing bra. She was going to enjoy the hell out of tonight regardless.

***

Mark was nervous, excited, and thoroughly horny. A month ago, he'd been licking the sexiest, most responsive pussy in the world and trying for the thousandth time not to gloat that this goddess had somehow chosen him to build a life with, when her phone buzzed. She picked it up, knowing he liked to take his time and wouldn't mind the pause. Less expectedly, she replied to the text, and then another, and then another, getting noticeably wetter and more vocal with each exchange. She'd finally tossed the phone to the side as she'd thrashed to a screaming orgasm and then another in rapid succession. That night they fucked for hours, and she kept coming the whole time, in every position. With, she later admitted, visions of a naughty schoolgirl on her knees filling her head the whole time.

The texts were innocuous enough for their lifestyle: a suggestive bit of banter with a friend who happened to teach classes at the local community college, sexy joking about earning some extra credit, and a few sexy pictures of her performing enthusiastic fellatio the week before. She was sexy in those texts like always, but Mark couldn't deny that she'd reacted much more strongly than usual to a bit of flirting. And he wanted to see that again.

All of which led to tonight. He was terrible at keeping secrets, so he let her figure out they were going to the Naughty School Girl theme night at the club. He just didn't let on that he had an assignment for her.

***

Joanna looked up in surprise as she walked out of the bathroom of the hotel room they had gotten for the night. Mark was already dressed, and he'd dressed the part: shirt, slacks, blazer... where did he get fake glasses? Weirder, he was sitting at the desk in the small hotel room, with a stack of books and papers in front of him.

"Hello, Miss...?"

"Claire," she replied. Hell, why not go for the fantasy? "I'm in your intro psych class. I'm the one who emailed you about the extra credit?"

His eyes lingered on the hemline of her skirt, halfway between her knee and her rapidly warming pussy. "Well, that's not as easy as you seem to think. You need to earn your grades in this class, Claire."

Joanna could settle for this just fine: a little further than they'd gone before, and probably some wicked hot sex at the end. Would they even make it to the party? Worth it, anyway. "I promise I can earn it, Professor. Just let me show you!" She slid around the desk, sinking to her knees and sliding her hands up his pant legs and over the hardening bulge where they met.

"Now Claire," he interrupted in a firm tone, "we've already been down this road. I admit you give great head, and you definitely earned your opportunity to retake the midterm, but the final is over now. You can't just retake the exam, they're graded and in."

"But..." Joanna didn't have to fake the confusion, but she decided to roll with it. "But what can I do then? I really need this "A." I just know we can work something out..." she ran her tongue over her lips, and tried for confidence as she firmly gripped his engorged cock through the slacks. "What do you say, Professor?"

This felt too good, and Mark had plans for the evening. He stood up and walked to the side of the desk. "There is one possibility, but you need to take this seriously. I could allow an extra credit project, but you'd have to get it done tonight, and it might be past your comfort zone. Claire, sit down." He gestured firmly to the chair. She sat, spreading her legs slightly, and looked up at him through her eyelashes.

"If you want to do this, you'll be helping me in my research. You'll need to commit to stick with it the whole night, even though it might be difficult. If you do well, you'll earn that "A", but if you do poorly there will be no recourse. Are you sure you want to do this? I'll give you a moment to think it over."

What was this about? "I'm in!" she said with a bright grin. "So, what's this extra credit?" She started to unbutton her blouse, but he was already headed to the door. "Grab your coat, it's chilly out there. You'll need that manila envelope as well," he gestured at her elbow. Slightly confused, Joanna follow her husband, but tonight it was Claire following her professor out the door. \

The club was only a few blocks away. Joanna reached for her husband's hand, but he shook it off. "This is serious research, Claire. Try to behave professionally." Slightly annoyed, she increased the distance between them, but he only gave a curt nod and kept walking.

At the door, they signed in as usual but then he pocketed her ID. "Don't forget who you are or why you're here tonight, Claire. I'm counting on you to take this seriously." She felt a little shiver at how deeply he'd gotten into the role, and how uncertain this now felt. She trusted him, and yet... this was different somehow. "Open the envelope, Claire."

Joanna felt her cheeks flush as she saw the 'experimental procedure' written up. "This is your last chance to back out, Claire," he said, handing her a small bag. Inside, she recognized the remote-controlled vibrator they'd used only once in public. He'd come so hard so fast that night in the hotel, after 'playing' with her through dinner in the lobby restaurant, but that had been years ago... She decided. "Okay, Professor. This gets me an "A", right?" On his nod, she excused herself to the bathroom and slipped the vibrator into her pussy. 

Was she really doing this? According to the procedure, she would approach at least thirty patrons to get her "A." She would ask each if she could get their help with a physiology experiment, which would involve taking their pulse, then kissing them on the lips, and then taking their pulse again. Unbeknownst to the volunteers, "Claire" would record for each if they were condition A (control) or condition B (aroused), where the kiss would coincide with Claire's vibrator triggering in her pussy. She tried to feel indignant, and realized those emotions were swamped by how incredibly turned on she was getting.

When she returned to the dance floor, her "professor" was just returning from the bar. He handed her a shot of whiskey and reached into his pocket. Claire's pussy was instantly on fire, the buildup from the walk over and the anticipation magnifying the sensation. She made a startled noise, then put her hand to her mouth and stifled it. "All systems go?" he confirmed with a leer, and she nodded a little breathlessly.

They walked to a standing table and put down their drinks. He leaned into her ear to be heard over the music. "Keep in sight of me. I'll randomize at each kiss, either activating your toy or leaving you on your own. Be sure to record each participant's pulse both before and after. Ideally include a mix of men and women!" Claire squirmed with anticipation.

***

The Professor watched Claire walk up to her first couple of the night. They looked new. The guy was wearing a short-sleeved dress shirt, his date a little black dress and strappy sandals. He saw Claire smile and lean in, say something to the woman, then laugh and put her hand on the boyfriend's arm. A nod of assent and she was taking his pulse. The Professor consulted his table and regretfully declined to press the button to activate her toy, but enjoyed Claire's thoroughly sensual first kiss of the evening. 

***

Claire's head was spinning. Was this worth fixing one grade? But then the man—she'd already lost his name—opened his mouth to hers and started kissing her in earnest. She was intensely conscious of his hands, one on the small of her back and one along her jaw, and felt her body respond to the moment. With an effort, she backed off and smiled at him. "Thanks! Can I take your pulse again?" As she dutifully recorded the number on her clipboard, she noticed his girlfriend staring hard at her. She looked up and met her glance with a smile. "Next?"

***

The professor almost missed his cue, watching the lithe woman in the black dress lean into his curvy sexpot of a student. Just in time he looked at his notes and activated her vibrator as their lips met. Claire's hands gripped the woman's shoulders in sympathetic reaction as her pussy clenched with the hidden sensation. 

***

Half an hour later, Claire was rolling on a cloud of sexual energy. She'd kissed a dozen more people, occasionally teased by the vibrator and occasionally not, but at this point it hardly mattered. She needed to get some satisfaction soon, or she was going to lose her mind. She walked back to the table where her professor waited with an amused look on his face.

"Hon- Professor..." she corrected herself. "Can we be done yet? I've done my best." 

"Now Claire, you know what you signed up for. You aren't even halfway done! I'll tell you what, if you need a little break I can offer you one," he indicated a glass of water and a plate of fruit. "Just have a seat and tell me how it's gone so far."

Claire was unsurprised to feel the buzzer in her pussy activate as she started to talk. This randy old professor clearly had a thing for her. She decided to lay it on. "I've been getting hotter and hotter, with you watching me make out with all these people. Don't you need some relief yourself? I'd be glad to help..." her hand ventured into his lap, and she felt with approval his rigid cock straining against his clothes.

"Oh, we have more work to do," he said, gently grabbing her hand and simultaneously turning up the setting on her vibrator. He lifted her fingers to his lips. "You've been a very good assistant so far, but you need to keep focused. Take a few bites of food and we'll get back to work. If you do well for the next handful, I'll give you a reward."

***

The downstairs sitting area having been nearly exhausted, Claire decided to try the dance floor. It was mostly couples of various ages, some watching the two topless women who had climbed into the cage in the middle, gyrating against one another to the music. Claire approached a tall athletic man standing on the edge of the floor and flashed her winningest smile. "Can you help me with my class project?"

The man looked down at Claire, his eyes interested and laughing. "What's in it for me?" he asked.

"Well, you get to kiss me..."

"Sounds fun! Flip that skirt up and we have a deal."

Claire was a little taken aback. Did she have to do this? She looked down at her more than half-empty paper, bit her lower lip, and nodded firmly. "Okay." She lifted her already short skirt and tucked the hem into her waistline, exposing her round ass and revealing underwear. She took the stranger's left hand and placed it on her right breast, recording his pulse while he lightly caressed her through her blouse and bra, then kissed him as he groped the exposed flesh of her ass. Thank God, or her Professor, the vibrator was behaving itself this time. Kiss done, she recorded his second pulse and fixed her skirt in time to notice that she had an audience of several men and a few women.

***

The professor had to walk out to the dance floor to keep his eyes on the proceedings. Joanna- Claire- was working her way through the list, and now had more attention than the sweet young things dancing in the cage. He watched with interest as she placed her hands on the solid chest of a well-dressed man in a suit. His wife, in a sparkling low-cut evening gown, walked up behind Claire and grabbed her butt, then massaged forward along her upper thigh. The professor was close enough to see the woman's reaction as she cupped Claire's mons and felt the vibrator chugging along inside for the duration of this kiss. She leaned forward over Claire's shoulder and made a comment that set Claire's cheeks into a flaming blush and the husband's eyebrows shooting up. Claire made an apologetic gesture, pointed to her professor, and walked back to him.

***

Being found out- that sexy woman feeling the vibrator in her pussy with the woman's husband and the professor looking on- should have been mortifying, but instead she felt a small orgasm waft through her body without any more stimulation than the thrum of the vibrator and the heat of the eyes on her skin.

"I can't keep this up much longer!" she complained. The professor seemed to take pity.

"Sit down, dear," he led her, nearly blind with lust, into a corner. She didn't even realize she'd settled into the club's "bondage chair" until she felt the wide leather straps wrapped around her legs, first one and then the other, splayed just a little wider than comfortable. Her eyes opened with a snap, just as the professor removed her glasses, then secured her arms. From his pocket, he produced a second vibrator (the remote in her pussy gone disappointingly still), and traced up her thighs with his hands and the toy. His head behind hers snaked around and breathed hot in her hear, while one hand caressed her breast and the other ran the vibrator against his clit. His other hand—hands? Her eyes snapped open to see a blurry red-headed form between her legs, eagerly sliding her panties aside and lapping at her sopping wet pussy. Between the professor's hands and this woman's tongue, she came almost instantly, and continued to buck against her restraints for several minutes as she came and came and came. 

An infinite moment later, a whiff of perfume and the woman's smile was suddenly in focus. A voice and a face she didn't recognize breathed out a husky 'thank you' and was gone. Then her buckles were being released and she was sobbing into her husband's arms, and he was stroking her back and whispering into her ear. "Thank you so much; you were so wonderful my love!" He held her as she sobbed with release and exhilaration and untold other emotions. They were Joanna and Mark again, not "Claire and the Professor." 

"Thank you," Joanna said, and he knew it wasn't just for getting the glasses back. "That was just what I needed."

"Anytime, my love. Just let me know if you need a letter of recommendation; we could work out a deal." 

***