 Note: Authors Warning!  This story was written upon request by one of my fans/friends/readers. As such, it contains several scenes of a bisexual nature, which is explicit in detail as requested. So if this is not your preferred cup of tea, please don't read any further, this story is not for you.

**

If any of our everyday friends, or family knew about this, they'd be shocked to say the least.

My wife Sue and I led a normal everyday life just like most everyone else did. We were the typical average everyday sort of people. Or so you would think upon seeing us, or getting to know us. We certainly weren't prudes, not by a long shot. We didn't attend church every Sunday, nor did Sue dress provocatively when we went out either. Nor did either one of us openly flirt with our friends, or give anyone hint at the very wild, very erotic side of our mutually expressed fantasies and desires.  Those things we managed to keep a secret, between ourselves. 

No, there was nothing kinky or extra ordinary about Mr. and Mrs. Zachery (Zach) Jones that anyone would ever have a clue or be suspicious about. But once a week without fail, Sue and I were indeed that wild, crazy uninhibited couple that no one else ever knew about.

A long time before we were ever married, with both of us having gone through a divorce, two failed marriages previously, we had sat down and had a long, long talk about it. Back then, we had both come to the same conclusion and understanding.  That being...unless we kept our sex life fresh, fun, and wantonly erotic, we both might find ourselves one day facing the same mistakes each of us had made previously. The concern of repeating history for each of us, wasn't something either one of us wanted to face again. And the answer to that was, being honest with one another about our desires, sharing fantasies, and being open enough with one another to actually explore them.

Something, that neither one of our families and friends would have ever understood.

And it wasn't like we led a double life. Just a private, secret one. Behind closed doors, Sue and I explored those types of things with one another, and unlike some perhaps, never divulged, revealed, or talked about them with our friends and neighbors.  At least not the friends we invited over for the neighborly barbeque, or hung around and played cards, or went bowling with.  We had other friends for that, friends that lived quite a ways a way, who we generally got together with perhaps once every couple of months.

Outside of that, Sue and I simply adventured on our own, having what we called "fantasy night" once every couple of weeks at least, where according to the "rules" as we'd long ago decided, anything and everything was possible.

And tonight was in fact fantasy night. I'd been looking forward to it all day, even having trouble concentrating at work, waiting for the clock to tell me it was time to run home, pick up my wife and head out for the evening. That was in fact a second thrill in looking forward to, as last time had been my plans, my ideas. Tonight, it was Sue's turn. And I had no idea what it was she had come up with or it was she wanted to do. That was part of the fun and excitement...not knowing.

She was in fact already dressed and ready to go by the time I got home. To look at her, you'd have thought we were going out someplace for a simple evening together. Even the dress she had chosen to wear was less than sexy or revealing, but what I knew, and no one else would if they were to run into us on the street, was that she didn't have anything on underneath it. A bra perhaps yes, albeit a damn sexy one. But with as large of breasts as Sue had, it would have appeared totally out of character for her to be found on the street not wearing one. Panties was something else entirely.

"Hurry up and shower," she grinned wickedly showing me in fact that she had nothing on underneath her dress. A hint, well partially anyway, of whatever it was that she had planned.  For all I knew, it could have been a drive up to the mountains, or a quick finger-fuck in the parking lot of a nearby grocery store. Though even that I quickly discounted. We did stuff like that all the time, and didn't consider such simple, though erotic adventures as being worthy of fantasy night. No...there had to be more to this than just that, and I felt my cock already stiffening at the thought of whatever it was she had planned for us this night.

"Where to?" I asked a short time later as we headed outside to the car. 

"Grantsville," she said simply smiling.  "I'll tell you the rest of it once we get there."

We lived in a fairly small, tight knit community. Another reason we were always careful about doing anything really wild or extremely naughty too close to home. Grantsville was a slightly larger town than where we lived, about forty-five minutes away.  It was a bit more progressive than where we lived, a lot bigger shopping centers for one, hell...we didn't even have a Wal Mart yet, nor were there any plans to build one as far as we knew.  I wondered if Sue had called Bill and Linda, they lived thirty miles away on the other side of Grantsville. It wasn't uncommon for the four of us to meet up at one of the nicer, local hotels for an evening together. But I quickly discounted that too, I happened to know they were out of town at the time.  Curious, made me horny. But Sue wasn't about to reveal to me, not yet anyway, what it was that she had in mind.

It didn't help matters, watching her playing with herself as we drove down the highway. That never failed to get a rise out of me whenever it was that she did that. By the time we got to wherever the hell it was we were going, she knew I'd be damn good and horny by then.

Sue directed me off the second exit onto what was the main road leading through town. I was familiar with it as that's where most of the more well-known, luxurious hotels were. But as we passed those, I knew then that whatever Sue's plans were, didn't include checking in to a hotel.

"Where to?" I asked curiously now, wondering what it was she had planned for the evening.

"Next left," she grinned at me sexily.

I pulled up to the light, signaled, and seconds later turned. There were a number of bars in this particular area of town, but as neither one of us was big on bar hopping, I couldn't imagine for the life of me where it was we were really going. Until Sue told me to pull into the lot of one of only two adult novelty stores that I even knew existed in Grantsville.

We had actually been here once before a few months back when we'd come in to browse, shop around for something interestingly naughty. I'd almost forgotten about the place, but remembered how we'd looked around, discovering what were a half dozen rooms near the back that you could for a few bucks, rent and watch movies for a while. You could basically do whatever you felt like doing inside those rooms, no questions asked. Sue and I had peeked into one of them that happened to be available. We had noticed then that each room contained a small couch, each adjacent wall having what was obviously a "glory hole", but they also had what we later learned as being two-way mirrors. One that could be slid open for being looked at, the other for viewing only, provided the people using the room on the adjacent side had opened the slide in their room permitting you to peek in on them.

"Go on back, I'll meet you," Sue told me smiling mischievously. It was obvious this wasn't a sudden spur of the moment thing here. Sue had obviously made previous arrangements, which I confirmed upon seeing a reserved sign on one of the rooms. Two others were in use on either side, the red lights being on over the doors. I had watched Sue head up to the counter, handing the clerk a DVD she had brought along with her.  You could either rent one of their available movies, or bring your own. We had a few, and it was evident she had selected one handing it to the clerk to insert into the player for our room. Moments later she joined me as we entered inside. Almost wordlessly, we both removed our clothes, hanging them up on the wall. Seconds later the screen lit up in front of us, and a movie began playing. Only it wasn't one I was expecting to see as there right in front of us, big as life was Sue and I, as well as Linda and Bill. It was a movie we'd taken turns filming of one another several month's back. A particularly wild little evening that I was damn glad we had captured on film.

"Don't worry...I switched DVD's," she said smiling. She had handed the clerk a box that appeared to be a normal every day X-rated video, but she had switched out the DVD's before hand, inserting our own.

"Nice!" I said sitting back, enjoying my wife's little strip tease as she finished undressing. Just seeing us as the four of us fooled around together on the screen was actually quite arousing as Sue soon after joined me on our little couch where we sat side-by-side, touching and fondling one another all the while watching ourselves.

The one thing she had done which surprised me a little, yet added an air of wondrous excitement to being inside the room, was to have opened the panel on one side, allowing the couple next to us to peer inside at us provided they wanted to. And it was evident by the sounds coming from the other side that it was indeed occupied by a couple, and not just by a single guy sitting inside getting himself off. But when Sue redirected my attention to the wall, I was a bit surprised to see a rather large, rather hard cock poking through the glory hole.  Obviously it was an open invitation, but we both knew it was only that. If you chose not to do anything about it, the party on the other side would eventually give up and withdraw. Needless to say, I was mildly surprised when Sue stood and wandered over towards the wall. I sat there and watched as she reached out, surrounding the unknown prick with her hand and began fondling it. That truly did surprise me, but it also excited me as well.

"Trust me?" she asked unnecessarily.  She knew that I did without asking, but it was her way of letting me know, that she was fully aware of what she was doing here. When she knelt down making it easier for her to do so, I sat somewhat stunned and a little dumbfounded as she encircled the rock hard cock with her mouth and began sucking it!

Under the circumstances, this was totally out of character for my wife. We might have a secret wild side to our sex-life, but we weren't stupid or crazy either. We had joined what we found and appreciated to be a very exclusive on-line club where couples could join, meet, and if they found one another mutually attractive, could get together and take things from there. What I liked about it, though it was fairly expensive to join, and with good reason, was the fact you had to first prove yourself certified, disease free. We'd both had to get recent updated certificates showing we were, and then had to agree to having new ones resubmitted each quarter or our membership automatically expired. If you did that, then you had to pay the fees all over again before being permitted back, not to mention being screened all over again anyway. So it was worth getting the new certificates every quarter to keep from having to do that.

Needless to say, we were both very careful and cautious when it came to things like that, so seeing Sue down on her knees sucking a strange cock had at first concerned me.  But I also knew, Sue wasn't, and wouldn't be stupid. Not even in the throes of passion and lust. What she was now doing had to be a part of the night's planned event.

I watched her for a while, the sounds of our frantic coupling with Bill and Linda adding back ground on screen as I sat there openly fondling myself, watching my wife sucking a strangers cock. I was hard as hell, and hornier still. Eventually she stood up, the cock once again disappearing, as she beckoned me over towards the wall.

"Give me your hand," she said softly. Placing it against the opening, she whispered, "Feel!"

I stuck my hand through the opening, just large enough to accommodate it. When I did, I felt the softness of a woman's pussy on the other side. She was wet, extremely so, and my fingers slid easily inside her opening as I stood there fondling and finger-fucking her. While I stood doing this, Sue walked over a few steps away and peered through the small one-way opening into their room. It was obvious just as she'd done, that they too had opened the panel on their side so that we could see them, even though at the moment...I couldn't. But, I was enjoying the slick, soft lips of this strange woman's cunt as I stood there fingering her.

I was actually disappointed a few moments later when I felt the woman pull away, forcing me to release my hand. When she did, I made motion to step over and stand by my wife, peering through the little window. But she closed it before I could.

"Not yet," she grinned teasingly, then adding once again, her face taking on somewhat of a serious, somewhat nervous expression.  "Still trust me?"

"Of course!" I said easily, honestly, though it was evident she was up to something. I then noticed the hard cock I'd seen earlier was once again poking through the opening in the wall. I stepped back expecting to see Sue take another turn fooling around with it once again, but she surprised me by leading me over to it, by the cock. When she did, I stood there watching her as she rubbed the head of my prick against his, playfully, pressing the two of us together. It was obvious as his cock remained sticking through the hole on his side, that this wasn't something he was having any difficulty with, as it remained there, Sue rubbing the two of us together back and forth upon one another.

I had to admit it was a strange sensation, though not at all weird or unpleasant feeling. If anything, the decadence of my wife rubbing the two of us together like that had actually felt quite erotic, "naughty" as she most often expressed when she was particularly horny over some act or idea she had come up with. Which she called it now.

"Oh Zach, you have no idea how horny this makes me, how naughty I feel," she sighed pleasurably, actually reaching down to finger her own pussy, letting me know as she did so just how excited and aroused she really was by the clear sounds of her slushy wet cunt as she stood there fingering herself, still rubbing the heads of our two dicks together. "Suck it for me," she then asked, the look in her eyes clearly expressing the desire to see that.

One of the things we had done early on before ever really doing, or getting involved with anything, was to draw up a simple contract between us, which we'd done. The whole point in doing so, was to assure one another that our commitment towards fantasy night was just that, to try and fulfill whatever fantasies the two of us might have, and make some real concerted effort in going along with those. One of the provisions however which we included, was what we both called as the "three-strike" rule. Once either one of us had three-strikes, then the concept behind all this, would be over. For obvious reasons, we could in fact refuse to do something if we truly didn't wish to. But the moment we did, then we would be given a strike. In the year's time we'd been doing this, I had one. Sue didn't have any.  I stood there faced with the decision to take my second strike, which I now knew would no doubt bring either an abrupt halt to the evening altogether, or at the very least, cause it to be less than satisfying for her.

I had never sucked, or actually held for that matter, another man's cock before. But I knew through previous sharing with my wife that it was in fact one of her fantasies to see and watch me do. Not at all any different from one of mine being in seeing her with another woman for the first time. Something she had now done on several occasions with Linda, and enjoyed it now immensely whenever the four of us go together. Coincidentally, I was watching her doing that on screen at that very moment as I stood there contemplating on taking my second strike now or not. Sue saw my hesitation and stood patiently waiting for me to decide. There was no additional pressure from her in coaxing me either. The decision was now mine. It was simple as that, I either did...or I didn't.

I wasn't about to take a second strike, especially when upon looking at it, she had done for me just about everything I'd ever imagined or desired to see, including a double penetration with Bill the last time we'd been together, something I had always wanted to do, though Sue had certainly enjoyed doing it, and looked forward to doing again soon too.

I then knelt and took this strange man's cock into my mouth, sucking a prick for the very first time in my life. Sue's deep-throated moan of excitement and pleasure soon brought me at ease, and I found the act not at all disgusting or un-enjoyable, hearing the masculine moan of pleasure coming through the other side of the wall as I did so. After a few more lingering minutes of this, he withdrew his cock. Sue nodded her head towards me, urging me to stick mine through the hole into the other side. Almost the moment I did, I felt not one pair of lips surrounding it, but two!

"Oh fuck!" I moaned pleasurably as Sue stepped over, pressing her soft breasts against my back, her finger worming its way inside my ass as I stood there, reveling in the delicious sensation of having my cock licked, sucked and fondled by two perfect strangers on the other side of the wall.

We took turns doing that, Sue eventually standing at the wall herself, watching first a man's hand, and then a woman's slip through, fondling and fingering my wife. It was about then that I noticed our hour's time was about up, the buzzer in our room sounding, telling us we had five minutes to finish things up and return back to the desk. I was almost sorry to have to get dressed and go, though the look on my wife's face suddenly informed me, the evening was far from over. Which was about the time I also realized, I still hadn't seen who the two people were on the other side of the wall either.

When we emerged a few minutes later, I noticed that the room next to us was now likewise no longer in use either. As I followed Sue back through the store towards the counter where she retrieved our own personal DVD, I then saw who I knew had to be the other couple. They stood near the door obviously waiting for us. And I knew then there was something vaguely familiar about them as they stood there. And then it dawned on me.  Several weeks back Sue and I had scrolled through some other members on the site we belonged to, at the urging of our friends Bill and Linda. I couldn't recall their names at the moment, but I seemed to remember that they actually owned and ran a nice little resort not too far away from where we lived, just a couple of hours drive in fact. Sure enough, as Sue led me towards the door, we stood briefly as we now far more formally introduced ourselves.

"Jack? Doreen? This is my husband, Zach," Sue said introducing me to the couple I now only really met. It was a little awkward, yet I couldn't help but smile as I shook Jack's hand, already having actually sucked his cock, and he mine, not to mention fingering Doreen's incredibly wet pussy.

They were an attractive looking couple too. A bit older than I might have actually expected perhaps. Jack was at least fifty, just a hint of speckled gray showing in his otherwise full head of dark hair. He stood nearly six feet, an inch or two taller than I perhaps, though we appeared to have roughly the same build. Once again, I smiled inwardly, though my cock was perhaps a bit thicker than his, his was a few inches longer. It was funny knowing that about him even before knowing his name.
