 When Steve first met Ann, he had been going string steady with his girlfriend Lisa for well over a year. They lived together, had a busy social life with their many friends in the East Village, Dumbo, Red Hook, and Williamsburg. At 30, he was older than most of their hipster friends, but Lisa was about their age, 25, and Lisa in between at 27. He loved Lisa more than anything in the world, and he wouldn't want to exchange her for anyone. Having had a number of failed longer-term relationships before he met Lisa, he knew that she was the one and only for him, for the rest of his life.

He was not much of a socialite, but rather an observer, quiet, shy even, but smart and straightforward. His down-to-earthness matched perfectly to Lisa, who was much more of a butterfly, a real artist, who would get her creative ideas from meeting lots of people, whom she'd often ask the most probing questions, about their lives, their thoughts and feelings, within five minutes of meeting them. He would smile as he'd observe these people sometimes get uneasy about Lisa's curiosity, her direct approach to strangers, which made some people uncomfortable, and often seemed to make them think that Lisa was being rude and nosy.

He knew that Lisa wasn't nosy, just eager to learn from others, eager to soak in as much of the world around her as she could. Having grown up in Soviet Eastern Europe as a little child, she was still in awe of all the opportunities life has given her since, and she often took American rules of polite smalltalk and shallow friendliness as obvious targets of her friendly rebellion. She loved to stir people up a little here and there. Steve, having grown up in Holland, also rarely missed an opportunity to poke fun at New York hipsters. 

"If even the punk kids in the East Village," he thought, "play by the rules and actually go out of their dive bars to smoke in the cold rain on the street, then it's no wonder they have a President who's a Born Again Christian who believes in Adam and Eve..."

But while he'd never say these things to any of their American friends, he loved Lisa all the more for not caring if anyone thought she was being rude or obnoxious. When they met Ann at one of those $5 gigs in some downtown club, they thought nothing much of her. She was a friend of a friend of a friend, a new arrival in the city, fresh from graduate school in Nebraska.

Ann was blond and taller than Lisa, almost as tall as Steve, and her curly hair screamed Midwest, almost louder than her college sweater. She obviously hadn't settled into New York City dress code yet, something that made her oddly likeable, especially these days, when the only rebels left in the East Village seemed to be those who'd go to dive bars in suits and ties.

But then Lisa had gone to the bathroom and found Ann there, smoking a cigarette. Not the American Spirits any cool New Yorker would smoke, but plain old Marlboro. Still, she had to either have no clue about where she was (New York, the city that never sleeps and never smokes anymore), or maybe she was already drunk. As it turned out, Lisa had found her match.

"Yeah well, I want a cigarette," Ann said to Lisa, "and I am NOT going out standing around in the cold. What the hell is up with this town anyways - these cigarettes cost me eight dollars!!"

"Welcome to New York," Lisa said, "what are you doing here?"

Steve wasn't quite sure what to make of it when he saw his Lisa, a fashionably cool looking woman with straight black hair, come back from the bathroom with this Midwestern girl. But clearly, they were having a good time, so he decided to tone down his Dutch arrogance and act sociable. He was quite impressed by the way Ann handled all of Lisa's interview questions. Yes, she's started work in a Law Firm, yes, it's boring so far, no she makes more than that, no, she has no boyfriend, yes, she used to have one back in Nebraska, but he had cheated on her, no, she didn't really love him anyway, yes, she had cheated on him, too, no, she hadn't gotten laid yet in New York, yes, her studio is very small, on the Lower Eastside, and she pays $1925 for it.

Three minutes later, Ann had told Steve and Lisa basically her entire life story, finances, and a lot more, but she had taken it like a game and just laughed at them with every answer. Little did they know that they were in for a surprise, because when Lisa was out of questions, Ann simply asked:

"So, did I pass the interview and we are going home to have wild sex now?"

Steve and Lisa were taken by surprise. They had never thought of anything like that, never even considered it, let alone there and then. It was usually them who asked the surprising direct questions, but this time they had to take a bit of their own medicine.

Lisa, of course, recovered the quickest, and just threw the ball back into Ann's court:

"Yeah right, why the hell do you think we'd do such a thing?" she asked curtly, but with a smile as if she were genuinely curious to know the answer.

Ann just leaned over to Lisa's ear and whispered, "Well, for starters..."

Steve was straining to hear what she said, but the bar was too loud and crowded to hear anything. Ann just kept whispering and Lisa's face changed from smiling to serious to red to laughing to smiling and serious and smiling again. She shook her head, she nodded twice, then shook it again, then nodded.

"OK, baby, let's go," Lisa finally said to Steve.

"What? What do you mean, where are we going? What's going on??" he asked, clearly dumbstruck and confused. He could be a little slow sometimes, but in this case, he was slower than slow. He had really never thought about anything like this with Lisa, and he would have never thought that she had.

"Well, we are going to her place," Lisa said, "I don't know about you, but I think you should come along."

Steve couldn't really believe what was happening. There had to be a twist or some kind of joke the two of them had somehow agreed upon among themselves. Still, he followed them out of the bar, and before he knew it, the three of them were in a cab heading downtown.

"Don't you live on the Lower Eastside? Why are we taking the cab?" Steve asked. Boy, he really could be dumb as fuck, he thought immediately, and wished he'd just shut up.

"I love cabs in New York!" Ann just laughed, as if she hadn't realized how stupid his question had been.

"Are you scared, my baby?" Lisa patted his leg, "Don't you worry, ok?"

He wasn't scared, really, but he had to admit that he'd never seen Lisa act like this. Didn't she want to tell him what Lisa had whispered into her ear? Didn't she care what he thought about all this? And who is this woman from Nebraska anyways? And who is Lisa, what happened to her all of a sudden?

When they walked up the stairs to Ann's studio, his heart was beating fast. Actually, maybe he was a little scared. This was just too weird. Ann's studio was pitch black, and she didn't turn on the lights.

"Wait here a second," she said to Steve and Lisa.

Then she drew the curtains to what apparently was the only window in her studio and opened the window a little bit. Yellow street lights hit the walls, and some fresh air came in. Steve could see a bed by the window, a table by the side, a big bookshelf and a dresser, then a little kitchenette next to him. He glanced at Lisa who immediately went along the walls, looking at everything a little closer, as Ann fumbled around in her dresser, lit three candles on top of it, then walked over to Lisa and put something into her hand.

"Here, take this," Ann said to Lisa, "maybe you should take care of that."

Steve couldn't see what it was, and when Lisa walked over to him, she said:

"Turn around, baby."

"Why, what's going on?" he asked.

"Just turn around, OK?"

He looked into her eyes and tried to see what's in her hand, but she hid it behind her back.

"Probably not a good idea arguing now." he thought, and turned around.

"Give me your hands, baby." Lisa said.

Steve turned back to her and just looked at her with big eyes. Lisa just slowly nodded at him without blinking an eye.

He turned around and put his hands back. He felt Lisa taking one wrist and felt something furry on his skin. Then his wrist was wrapped in the soft material, he heard some plastic snap, felt his other wrist touch the fur, and another snap. He was tightly handcuffed, still standing by the door.

He turned around quickly and just said, "What the fuck??"

But Lisa just put her finger onto his lips and then kissed him. She kissed him in a way he couldn't remember Lisa having ever kissed him. She slid her tongue around his lips, never quite letting it enter his mouth and then licked his mouth full-on, making it all wet. That finally shut him up, she thought, and she pulled him into the middle of the room.

Ann was just looking at them, smiling.

"Welcome to my home," she said, "I am glad you could make it."

Lisa smiled too and looked at Steve, who was clearly confused, but kept quiet for a change.

Lisa bent down to his feet and motioned him to lift one foot. He stumbled a little, not knowing what she wanted, but Ann walked over to him and steadied his arm, as Lisa took off first his left then his right shoe and socks.

When Lisa came back up to stand in front of Steve, she unbuckled his belt, smiling at him and at Ann. Ann let loose of his arm and helped Lisa unbutton his jeans. Their hands opened his jeans and Lisa pulled them down while Ann held his arm again. Her hands felt warm and firm on his arm, and he felt like hiding. His cock in his gray boxer briefs was hard, and all of a sudden he felt embarrassed.

But when Lisa came back up after having taken off his jeans, she slid her hand over his cock and just marveled, "Mmmmmh, look at that....!"

She smiled at Steve, a warm smile that he knew so well, a smile that she would normally give him when they were at home, by themselves. A smile as if Ann wasn't even there. But Ann was there; she loosened her hand around his arm and let it slide up and down his biceps, while Lisa pressed her hand tighter onto his cock in his boxers. Ann moved her other hand to his chest and slowly circled his shoulder, then let it run down all the way to his waist and on top of Lisa's hand on his cock, smiling at him and at her, adding to the pressure.

As if they had practiced this a million times, their fingers slid into his waistband and pulled it away and down over his cock, further down until his boxers fell to the carpet.

"Very nice!" Ann announced as she looked at his hard cock. He was quite conscious of the fact that his cock wasn't overly large and that his balls where in fact rather small. Again, he felt almost embarrassed, unsure what had gotten into Lisa.

"At least I just had a good shave," he thought. Lisa had always wanted him to shave his balls, and just yesterday he finally gave in and went ahead with it. It was still an unfamiliar feeling, but he had to admit that he loved it much more that he would have thought.

Lisa just kneeled down in front of him, level to his hard cock, and licked it. She looked into his eyes as her tongue played along the edges of the swollen head of his cock, then looked at Ann's fingers as they ran over his belly and his soft pubic hair to the base of his cock, then back to his chest. His cock started twitching, as Lisa's tongue licked broadly from the tip of his cock to his balls and back up again.

Lisa got up and kissed Steve on the mouth, eagerly sliding her tongue into him, almost biting his lower lip. Then she let go, motioned him to the chair by the table and said:

"Sit down, baby."

She turned the chair around, so it faced the room and pushed him softly to sit down. Then she kneeled in front of him, her gorgeous ass under her skirt pointing up to Ann and she took his hard cock deep into her mouth, sucking him ever so slowly up and down, massaging his balls and shaft as her saliva was dripping down, flicking her hot tongue over his cock head, then plunging his cock deep into her throat. Steve closed his eyes and strained to pump his cock deeper into her hot mouth. 

She had always been a goddess of blow jobs, always let him know how much she loved to suck his cock, but this time she outdid even herself, sucking him so good that he could feel his cum boiling up in his balls immediately. As Lisa sucked him deeper and harder, she slid a finger underneath his balls and drove it into his ass, making his hips buck up to fuck her face more and to take her finger in; he knew he'd cum very hard very soon. 

But Lisa stopped.

"Hold that thought, baby!" she smiled at him and got up.

Steve looked at her with wild eyes, desperate for her mouth to return to his hard cock, but Ann and Lisa turned to each other and started kissing. Ann slid her tongue into Lisa's mouth and let her hands run all over her back and ass. They were sucking on each other's lips, touching their faces and slowly undressed each other right in front of Steve's eyes. Lisa pulled up Ann's college sweater, undid her bra and started sucking on her hard nipples.

One by one she licked them into her mouth as Ann closed her eyes and let her head fall back. Then Ann walked around behind Lisa and unbuttoned her shirt while licking her neck. Her shirt came down and Ann exposed Lisa's bra-less tits to Steve. Her nipples were hard and swollen and Steve could see Ann's fingers squeezing them and massaging her tits. She ran her hands down over Lisa's belly and let her skirt slide down. She drove her hand into Lisa's panties and as Steve looked at her fingers rubbing Lisa's pussy inside her panties, Lisa closed her eyes in a big smile.

As Lisa's panties dropped to the floor, Steve got up to kiss her, but she pushed him back down onto the chair and told him not to move. His cock was rock hard, but with his hands tied to his back, he was getting more and more desperate. Lisa and Ann were completely naked by now, two gorgeous women with the softest skin, rubbing and touching each other all over. Steve could see a shimmer of sweat building on their bodies and he wished they would pay some attention to his hard cock already.

But Lisa just turned around and kissed Ann again and again; they both seemed determined to ignore him. As Lisa bent down to run her tongue over Ann's tits and belly, she spread her legs and pushed out her ass, and Steve could see her swollen pussy. She was visibly wet. He wanted to jump up and lick her hot swollen cunt lips, but he knew he wouldn't be allowed. He felt desperate, but at the same time he grew to love the fact that Lisa and Ann were in control.

Ann smiled at Steve as Lisa slid a finger between her wet pussy lips, but she had to close her eyes as she felt a finger driving deep into her cunt, searching for her g-spot, while Lisa's thumb massaged her clit.

"So, Mr. cool New York," Ann said, "how do you like to watch your woman finger fuck my pussy? Does it get your cock hard?"

"Of course it does," Lisa laughed, "look at him, he's just dying to get his cock played with, aren't you baby?"

It seemed like Lisa was a completely different person. He just didn't know what to say.

"Well, I have to say, I do like Ann's finger's fucking my pussy. You don't mind, do you? I've always wanted to have a woman fuck me. Sorry, baby, I love you very much, but I just wanted to try it once."

"Oh, he doesn't mind at all," Ann announced, "I bet he's always been wanting to watch you get fucked by another woman. Maybe even by another guy, who knows? I bet he would love to watch you licking out my cunt, too. Guy's just can't get enough of that stuff."

"Is that right, baby? You want me to lick out her pussy? I bet she tastes really sweet. Or would you rather watch me suck on another guy's hard cock? We could go back out and pick up some hot boy who'd love to have his big hard cock sucked for you? Or would you maybe like to see that big hard cock drive deep into my cunt, or into my ass? You know how much I love to get my tight hot ass fucked real good and deep, don't you? I love it slow and deep, and then hard and deep, just like you."

Steve couldn't help but think of a big hard cock driving deep into Lisa's ass. He imagined it would be his cock, but the idea that Lisa would pick up a stranger in a bar, some smooth looking young boy with a gorgeous cock, and let him fuck her ass, got him even harder. He was thinking about that hard cock slamming into her ass while Ann is licking out her cunt, but in her mind it wasn't really Ann, it was more like Lisa was licking her own cunt while that big cock was drilling her ass.

"But it's too late now, I am already naked," Lisa said, "maybe another time. Right now I want Ann to suck my clit, and I want you to watch, baby."

Steve was almost disappointed. His mind had drifted further into images of that young big cock fucking Lisa, except now it was him sucking that hard cock, sucking it deep into his throat, then driving it back into her dripping cunt. That was something he had never done, something he thought of more often that than he wanted to admit, and definitely something he had never told Lisa.

As Ann was laying down with her head pointing at him, he looked down at her tits, her nipples hard and red and watched Lisa smiling at him and starting to lick at Ann's cunt with long exaggerated strokes, driving her tongue into Ann's dripping pussy, coming up with her lips shiny with pussy juices, and he thought of driving his hard cock into Ann's mouth, imagining it was him sucking another guy's big hard cock.

Lisa licked Ann deeper and harder; she had forgotten about him and started to finger fuck Ann's pussy and sucking on her clit, while Ann pushed her face deeper into her cunt.

"Oh, fuck, baby," Ann moaned, "suck that clit, oh my God, yes, you are gonna make me cum so good..."

And Lisa didn't stop; she licked and sucked and fucked Ann's pussy in a way Steve had only known her to suck his cock and finger fuck his ass. He wished he could stroke his cock right now, and slide a finger into his ass, but his hands were still tied to his back, and in any event, he had never let Lisa see him finger fuck his ass, although he desperately wanted to.

Ann came hard and loud, fucking her cunt into Lisa's face in a way that Steve wished to see a hot young hard cock fuck her face, in a way Steve wished to have his face fucked by a hot hard cock while Lisa would fuck his ass with a strap-on. When Lisa finally let go of Ann's clit, he promised himself to tell her one day, but now wasn't the time, although he was hard as a rock and desperate to cum.

"Oh my God, baby," Ann said, "that was so good. Are you sure you never had a woman?"

"Yeah, I am sure. But I have the feeling this wasn't the last time, I can tell you that..."

"Hmmm, but until then, why don't you sit down on your boy's lap, he is getting desperate."

And with that, she pulled Lisa up to her and made her suck her fingers. Lisa licked Ann's hands and fingers, sucking them like candy, until Ann slowly pulled her fingers out of her mouth and used them to spread Lisa's pussy lips. She was dripping wet, her pussy juices spread all over her hard clit, Ann opened her pussy and slid two fingers deep into her cunt, finger fucking her with deep slow hard strokes. 

They both got up from the floor and kissed, but Ann pushed Lisa back onto Steve's lap, guiding her hip with one hand and wrapping her other hand around the base of Steve's hard shaft, first firmly squeezing his hard cock, then just holding its base with her thumb and index finger while cupping his balls.

She rubbed his cock head against Lisa's wet pussy, toying with both of them, not letting Lisa get filled up with his hard cock quite yet, but Lisa lost her patience and grabbed her own clit while suddenly driving Steve's cock all the way deep into her tight hot cunt, burying his veiny hot cock inside her dripping pussy, feeling her fingers and Ann's fingers massaging her clit and her cunt lips, stretched around him.
