 If there is one thing that most men hate doing, it's shopping with their wives. I know for me, trying to get Mike to go shopping for anything is like pulling teeth, especially if I'm shopping for clothes. Mike on the other hand will see something he likes or wants, and go buy it without trying to compare pricing at any other store. Personally, it drives me crazy, but shopping with me drives him crazy too. And it's one of the reasons that I learned a long time ago to lure him shopping with the promise of doing something "naughty" while we're out. He never knows when something is going to happen, or even what I'll do. But that's enough at least to keep him interested and with me as I drag him along from store to store.

We'd already been shopping for well over an hour, and I could tell that Mike was starting to get a little irritable. It was time for some "naughty" fun; at least enough to keep him entertained. We happened to pass by one of the few stores I actually enjoyed shopping at, and noticed a particular slinky dress in the window. Pulling Mike inside with me, I quickly found the particular dress I was looking for.

"Go find me a really sexy bra to go with this." I told him. 

If Mike knew one thing for certain, it was my bra size, so it was just a matter of him finding something he liked. I headed for the row of dressing rooms that stood along one wall and motioned to him.

"I'll be in here." I stated suggestively. "Just bring it in with you when you come back."

Mike hurried off, and I was just pushing against the door of the dressing room when I noticed I'd grabbed the wrong size. I quickly spun around and headed back for the rack, found the correct size, and started back towards the rooms. At that very moment, another woman slipped into that particular dressing room that I had been headed towards, so I was forced to take the one adjacent to hers. 

When I'd first glimpsed the other woman heading into the room I'd intended to go into myself, I thought initially that I knew her somehow. It suddenly dawned on me, that she looked an awful lot like me! We had the same hairstyle, as well as coloring. But it wasn't just that. We were easily the same height, same figure, but most importantly, we looked a lot alike! 

I've often heard that everyone has a "doppelganger" or look-a-like someplace in the world. But until today, I'd never seen anyone that I thought even remotely resembled me, until now. I mean it's not like we were twins or anything, but she could have easily passed for my sister. 

Stepping into the room next to hers, I quickly stripped out of my clothing and tried on the new dress. Mike hadn't returned with a bra yet, but I decided to see how the dress looked without one. I had intended to keep an ear out for his return, knowing that he'd not seen me have to take a different room. In the meantime, Mike had in fact returned, and as I'd told him to do, opened the dressing room stepping inside with my near sister.

"Here ya go honey. Try this on for me. I'll bet it will make those tits of yours really stand out in that dress."

Hearing Mike's voice, I suddenly realized he was in the room next to me. I was actually waiting for the scream, or some kind of commotion anyway when I heard the other woman's voice speaking quite calmly, if not sensually in stead.

"Why thank you honey, but actually as you can see, this dress doesn't really call for a brazier to be worn with it!"

"Oh...I am so sorry...I thought you were..." Mike's voice trailed off momentarily then.

"You know, you really do look an awful lot like my wife!"

At this point I was wearing only a pair of panties. Grabbing the dress I was about to put on, I held it in front of me and stepped out of the dressing room I was in. It was time to "rescue" my confused husband. There weren't really a lot of people in the store, and I didn't have a problem with anyone seeing me partially dressed anyway. But at the moment, it was more important to reach Mike. And besides, I was curious to meet my doppelganger too.

"Mike?" I said, now stepping into the suddenly over crowded dressing room. "I was next door..." Now my own comment sort of disappeared as I looked into the same exact eyes of my near sister standing before me. And likewise, she had the same surprised expression on her face as well.

"I'm so sorry..." I finally began again. "This must seem so strange to you..." And then as quickly as I could manage, quickly explained why Mike had accidentally barged into her dressing room instead.

At that moment, she began laughing. Not because of the situation being what it was, though in a way it was funny. But because I was standing half in and half out of the room holding the dress up against myself which was barely concealing my exposed breasts. Likewise, she stood with her own hands crossed over the front of her fully exposed breasts. Obviously when Mike had walked in on her, she'd just finished slipping out of the dress she'd been trying on.

"Hi." She said suddenly. "My name's Cindy." At that moment, she actually dropped both of her hands, allowing her breasts to be completely revealed and offered her hand for me to shake it, and then did likewise towards Mike.

"I guess under the circumstances, it's a no harm no foul sort of situation isn't it?" She said still snickering.

"It's nice to meet you Cindy. My name's Debra, and the man standing here ogling your breasts is my husband Mike."

Mike was still shaking her hand, and only then let go when it had become obvious that both Cindy and I realized he was in fact staring at her breasts, and not at her face as he was introduced to her.

"Well, Well...what have we here?" Another man's voice suddenly said from behind us. And that forced me to step even further into the room as I turned around to stand beside Mike, and find out what the hell was happening now.

"And this... is my husband Kevin." Cindy stated, once again making new introductions, still standing there topless, and still as nonchalant about her semi nudity as if we'd all been life long friends. Figuring that turn about was fair play, I then allowed the dress I'd been holding up in front of me to fall down across my arm and reached out with my hand to take and shake Kevin's. 

As Mike had done, It was now Kevin's turn to stare at my bare breasts, which he did. And once again I heard Cindy softly laughing behind me. 

"Men...can't live with em, can't live without em." She said.

I joined her in my own laugh as well then as Mike and Kevin finally shook hands in greeting.

"Listen, rather that stand here inside the dressing room and try to explain why we're all standing here like this anyway, I was thinking that since Mike and I were going to grab a bite to eat after we were finished here, that maybe you two should join us!"

"That sounds like a wonderful idea!" Cindy enthusiastically responded. "We were thinking the same thing ourselves!"

"Good!" I said turning to her, and then shooing both of the "boys" out of the dressing room. "As soon as we're finished here, we'll go eat!"

As Cindy finished pulling up the half-worn dress she'd been wearing, I then slipped into mine as well. It also gave us the moment to chat, and allowed me to quickly explain to her in a little clearer detail what really had been going on when Mike mistakenly entered her dressing room. 

"Oh...I do that to Kevin myself." Cindy added after I had told her of my intentions of teasing Mike with a little bit of a flash in the dressing room for him. "They really do hate shopping don't they?" She stated then as though reading my mind. And again I had to laugh at that.

When I had first walked into the dressing room, Cindy was standing only in a near floor length light green cotton skirt that buttoned all the way up in front. She'd been about to put on a nice contrasting blouse (no bra) to go along with it when Mike had suddenly barged in.

"As a matter of fact, I was just seconds from stepping out of the room here and finding Kev who was wandering around looking at all the sexy underwear so I could give him a nice little surprise flash of my own." 

Surprisingly, Cindy then showed me what she meant as she opened her skirt and revealed that she had nothing on except a sexy pair of black lace stockings, garters, and an extremely seductive looking pussy peeking out from beneath the skirt.

"Oh yes "Sin"-dy, I said, emphasizing the "Sinful" sexiness of her idea in the way I pronounced her name. "I was thinking very similar thoughts, waiting for Mike to come into the room so I could give him a nice erotic little tease myself."

Cindy now laughed once again. "I swear, if I didn't know better, I'd think you were my sister. But even she and I don't ever talk about things like this...and I'm rather enjoying it."

"All the more reason we all go to lunch and get better acquainted then." I said. "And maybe, we'll still manage to find a way to give the boys a reward for being so patient with us. Now...as I see we're about the same size, let me try that skirt on kiddo...and you try on this one. I think you'd look slutty in black...just like I do. It'll look good on ya."

For several more minutes, "Sindy"...as I now called her...and I, stood trying on clothes and chatting about various things we enjoyed doing. Number one on the list being sex of course, and how we might find a way to tease them both over lunch. Talking to Cindy the way we were after just having met might have seemed strange to some people, but to us, it was as though we'd been friends, if not near sisters all our lives.

We discussed where we'd like to go eat, and I remembered a little Italian sidewalk café' nearby. Though it was still early afternoon, I felt like having a glass of "vino" and a nice light salad and some pasta. My new friend "Sindy" whole- heartedly agreed with me, and so it was we emerged, made our purchases, and walked out of the store in our sexy new clothing walking arm in arm together.

Mike and Kevin seemed to hit it off fairly well too, and I was happy to see that as already the "naughty" side of me was suddenly beginning to think of all kinds of possibilities. And though Cindy and I seemed to be getting along fairly well, It was one thing to do a little teasing with our husbands, and something else entirely to so pointedly suggest, or even imagine doing anything else.

We finally reached the little café', and I immediately saw the perfect place that I wished us to be seated, and requested it. Shown to our seats after that and given menus, Mike immediately headed for the men's room. There were several "tiers" where tables had been placed, and I had purposely requested one of the upper tiers closer to the sidewalk, but still one level below the street. Watching Mike descend the short few steps to the main sitting area and then head towards the men's room, I leaned over towards Cindy as she sat looking over the menu.

"Time to give Mike a little taste of this outfit." I whispered to her. "Watch his face when he returns to the table."

Cindy gave me a knowing nod of her head, and glanced briefly at her husband who was still glancing over his own menu as well.

"Mind if I join you?" She said, and without waiting for a response, reached down and deftly undid every button save the top two of her skirt.

I reached over and gave her hand an affectionate squeeze. "Five will get you ten he trips." I once again whispered to her conspiratorially. 

"No bet." Cindy laughed then, and Kevin glanced up at the both of us.

"What are the two of you up to?" He questioned us.

"Oh nothing...just trying to decide on what Mike would like to eat." I deadpanned. And looked down at my menu before giving away the innuendo. Cindy likewise returned to her own menu, but kept a watchful glance over the top of it for Mike's return.

A few minutes later Mike emerged from inside the building and came out heading back towards us. Simultaneously, I spread my legs apart beneath the table as wide as it was possible for me to do, already having bunched my own dress up around my thighs in order to do so. Cindy on the other hand had a much easier time of it, and in the split wide open dress, displayed her own self as equally open as I was. For a moment I was worried Mike wouldn't even notice. But then he glanced up towards us smiling, and we watched as realization suddenly dawned on him as to what it was that we were doing. There "Sin"-dy and I both sat pussy's wide open and displayed for him. He faltered, tripped, and actually stumbled into a nearby table knocking over one of the water glasses. Kevin spun around in his chair to see what all the commotion was about, and gave Cindy and I the perfect opportunity to quickly and "properly" rearrange our selves.

"Does Kevin tend to walk funny too?" I asked, laughing openly now.

"Only when he's excited." Cindy responded. "And I think before we're through with lunch, he'll definitely have trouble walking back to the car."

By the time Mike finally did reach the table he had an obvious and growing bulge in his slacks. I almost laughed at that too, but it would have had (then) the opposite effect of what I was hoping for. Mike shot a curious and wondering look in my direction as well as in Cindy's, but she ignored him completely and continued glancing down at her open menu as though nothing had even happened.

I finally got my glass of wine as did Cindy, and the boys ordered beer. The waiter, a sexy looking young man in his own right took our orders and hurried off to get them going. But not before I made a "point" of leaning over Mike and showing him what it was that I wanted, and in so doing, ensured that one of my now bra-less breasts nearly slipped out of the deep "v" cut of my dress. It was then that I saw Kevin had also gotten quite an eyeful as well, so I'd inadvertently scored a double "flirt" hit with the one simple motion.

As the "guys" got better acquainted, and began talking about "guy" things, Cindy leaned over and spoke to me.

"Nice one." She teased. "I think we'll get excellent service from the waiter now."

"It does have its benefits." I quipped back smiling.

"And I'm sure that Kevin's interest went up a notch." She added. "And...once our food arrives, I plan on escalating that quite a bit as well."

Our food did arrive, perfectly prepared and within short order. Water glasses were refilled and everything was checked and double checked as to our satisfaction. At that moment Cindy moved her hand and her dinner fork went flying off the table. Bending over as though to retrieve it, I noticed then for the first time that one of Cindy's blouse buttons had mysteriously come undone. As expected perhaps, the waiter was Johnny on the spot to bend over and grab it before she could, though meeting and locking his eyes with hers as she remained leaning over. Even from where I was sitting I could see the soft flesh of her twin globes clearly exposed, and knew that our red-faced waiter was seeing as much, if not more than I was.

"Thank you." Cindy said sitting back up as the waiter spun around behind him getting her a fresh wrapped setting of silverware off a nearby table.

"Your welcome". He stammered, obviously and visibly aroused by all this not quite innocent teasing. He quickly left after that and we began enjoying our perfectly prepared food.

For a short time, we all sat eating and enjoying our lunch quietly. At one point, Cindy reached up to brush a bit of sauce from the corner of her husband's mouth. It was the typical thing any couple who is very comfortable with one another might find themselves doing. But I also watched as Cindy quickly slipped her index finger inside his mouth where Kevin quickly sucked whatever sauce it was that had been collected and wiped off from his lips. A minute or so later, she did it again. And this time I watched afterwards. I watched as Cindy slipped her hand beneath the table. Watched as she moved almost motionlessly for a moment, and then moments later, once again reached up, brushed her fingers against his lips, nearly under his nose this time. Kevin sucked her digit in, licked it off and allowed Cindy to once again withdraw it.

"Everyone enjoying their lunch?" I asked innocently. "How's yours Kevin?" I asked not even waiting for an answer from anyone else.

"It's really delicious." He answered.

"I bet that sauce is pretty tasty. I wish I'd ordered that."

"Here Deb, you can try mine if you'd like. I ordered the Pona Pelly too." Mike offered to me.

"No thanks Hon, Kevin's enjoying a little richer sauce than you ordered."

Kevin was smiling now. And Cindy was once again "feeding" him one of her fingers.

"I'm sure that Debra can "spice" yours up as well." He stated, joining in now on the private secret that only the three of us were fully aware of.

"Here..." Cindy suddenly stated. "Let me get that for you." And before anyone knew what she was doing, she leaned over the table then, her breasts near falling out of her wide open blouse which had yet another button suddenly undone, and reached towards Mike as though he had a splash of something dripping off his chin. He even started to reach up to his lips with his napkin, but was stopped short as Cindy's finger lightly brushed the corner of his mouth, and then slipped inside where Mike's eyes went wide open with surprise and sudden understanding.

"Oh..." Was all Mike managed, taking a quick glance over in Kevin's direction who was still sitting there smiling, glad that now everyone was in on the "Special Sauce" that was being taste tested around the table.

"Hey...what about me?" I said then. Deciding that a somewhat teasing request such as this was a good way to find out if Cindy had any inhibitions about another woman. I watched her then as she slid her hand down between her legs. Sitting as she was, her chair pulled back slightly away from the table, I had a clear and unobstructed view of her as she slid two fingers inside her self momentarily and moved them about. Withdrawing them, she held them up and offered herself to me.

"Ever been to Hawaii?" She asked. Suddenly I wished that Doris and Steve were with us. I had a fleeting image momentarily of Doris and I taking turns going down on her.

Still holding her fingers up to me, "I think in Hawaii they have something called two finger "poi". "This is what you might call two finger Sin..." She didn't finish the sentence, or the obvious use of her name. She didn't need to; we ALL knew what she meant. I took her hand and slowly drew my mouth and lips over her outstretched fingers, enjoying the heavenly scent of her and taste of her as I licked them both clean.

"Everyone enjoying their dinner?" Our waiter suddenly asked, appearing almost out of nowhere. I looked down, saw the now very obvious bulge in his pants and smiled at him. Obviously he'd kept his eyes on the four of us for what had to have been the majority of our lunch. 

"Oh my yes." I responded. The "sauce" was particularly nice. My compliments..." "Sin"-dy actually was blushing at this point. 

"Yes...I can only begin to imagine." Our now bold waiter responded, though it confirmed my suspicions that he had been watching us nearly the entire time.

"Can I get you anything else? Some desert perhaps?" He asked us.

"As a matter of fact, you can." I said standing up. "Come on "Sin"-dy." I said, once again emphasizing her name even more pronounced as I stood and pulled her up along with me. "We'll be right back. We're going to look at the desert tray." I announced.

Standing up and then walking off, nearly pulling Cindy and the somewhat startled and surprised waiter along with us, I turned around and blew Mike an affectionate kiss. "Be right back!"

"What on earth is she up too?" Kevin asked Mike.

"Well you see...its like this. I'm actually married to two women. One of them is normally the shy almost quiet type. But there's this other woman...I call her "Naughty" that emerges every once in a while. And when she does, I just sit back and watch. Or in this case, sit back and wait to hear about whatever she's up to later. 
