 Author's note. Merry Christmas, happy holidays, happy new year, and all that good stuff! I got this particular idea due to boredom, curious research on Mrs. Claus, and my own natural curiosity. I intended to post this on Christmas Day but because I was busy I am a little late. Now since this is an ADULT story starring Santa Claus he will be perverted and he will be having sex in this story so if you don't want to envision Santa Claus having some nice, hot, sex feel free to read another fic but for those who want to read a nice perverting of Santa Claus here it is!

*****

It was the first of December. The busiest and most active month of the year in the North Pole and for obvious reasons, Christmas was on its way fast!

Everybody in the North Pole had something to do and a role to play. The elves were making toys for good kids and kids at heart by hand, technology, and elvish magic as well as training and feeding the reindeer to keep them in shape and healthy and fit for the big flight on Christmas Eve among other assorted details to make sure that Santa's flight went as smoothly as possible. However Santa Claus, the man himself wasn't exactly in the holiday spirit. This was the first Christmas in ages that his beloved Mrs. Claus wouldn't be with him after she died months ago.

Nicholas and Martha were the real names of Santa and Mrs. Claus and they have been together since they were teenagers. She loved him before he was Santa Claus. Marthat stood with him back when they only had Donner and Vixen as their only two reindeer and he worked for the church as a minister and healer while making wooden gifts for good children in the village by hand before he earned sainthood. Martha was with him when he befriended some generous, noble, yet nomadic magical elves who also wanted to make gifts (the relatives and descendants of which work for him), and stood side by as the turned their polar village into an empire of Christmas wonder so he could give gifts to the good little kids and as the generations passed kids at heart since he found out that adults were essentially just older kids in recent decades as long as they held some semblance of belief in him. Martha was loyal, loving, helpful, and an all-around good wife to Saint Nicholas.

But now Santa Claus' was alone without his faithful lover and companion. Christmas just didn't feel the same for him anymore. He didn't carry himself with his usual jolly demeanor and it made what was usually his favorite time of the year painful to bear. He stood in front of his mirror on his plush lounge that was lined with Christmas lights and a fully lit tree with candy canes and garland and all of the holiday trimmings around that would usually make him happy but not today.

"I miss you Martha," the burly white-haired man said in the mirror, imagining his wife by his side. Martha's healthy body against his own, making sure his traditional red and white suit was neat and even on his stocky and solid body and his black and silver belt was securely around his waist so he could look his best before his fateful flight.

With a heavy sigh he walked to his green chair and just sat there in cold contemplation, imagining Martha checking up on the elves or working the weather forecast before the flight and scheduling the best route through the timezones of Earth (it was also Mrs. Claus' idea to modernize the entire village with technology to compliment elvish magic and old fashioned working hands) and just stayed there in his chair looking distant and bored and outright disinterested in the most important day of the year.

However he did perk up a little bit at the sound of someone knocking on the side door of his lounge

"It's Sixpence," said the voice of one of Santa's elves from the outside of the room.

"Come in Sixpence," Santa said with a slightly more lively tone. He totally forgot that Sixpence told him that he was on a search for something that Santa was reluctant to have so soon considering his melancholy mood but Sixpence was sure it would lift his spirits.

The young brown haired elf Sixpence stepped into his Santa's cozy lounge wearing a green and silver elf suit that was adorned with medals of accomplishment on in elfin duties over his heart such as a Reindeer medal for best Reindeer breeder, an ornament for best decorator, a Santa Claus pin for best toymaker, and an elf hat for best spellcaster. He was the most decorated elf in Santa's entire empire and his right hand man, the lead elf, and he was ready to talk to the big man himself.

"So Santa. Are you ready to meet the new Mrs. Claus?" Sixpence asked while he stood next to the stocky bearded man.

"I guess," Santa said following a sigh. He showed little interest in having a new Mrs. Claus but Sixpence insisted that he get himself back in the game with a new wife as soon as possible and that the elf would take care of all the matchmaking and all the searching for him. Besides a Mrs. Claus would do wonders for Santa both around the business and for his heart even if he didn't fully believe it.

"Come on cheer up Santa. I made sure these girls are just for you to have, to hold, and to love. All you have to do is pick between these two" the elf said with a smile at the end of his accidental rhyme. All Santa had to do was choose between one of the two girls he had recruited for him to be his new Mrs. Claus but Santa wasn't sure he was ready to let go just yet.

"I still can't believe I let you go on this search for my new wife so soon Sixpence. I mean I still miss Martha," Santa said while looking at his most skilled elf. Martha had been with him since he was a young man and despite the aid Mrs. Claus could give to his work as Santa and his heart as a man he felt a bit of regret for even doing this but Sixpence was persistent and direct in insisting otherwise for Saint Nicholas.

"I know Santa I do but Martha..she's dead. You have to move on. You're stronger than this, you have to move on I mean you're not too old to find another Mrs. Claus. It's the right thing to do for you and your empire and trust me I know you'll love the girls I have in mind for you to choose from," Sixpence smiled which earned a little "We'll see" from the bringer of gifts, he was patient enough to have an open mind towards his elf's plan and after Sixpence's comment was said it was time to introduce the lucky ladies for Santa to chose from. 

"Isabella! Scarlett!" Sixpence beckoned the waiting girls to appear and introduced themselves to Santa.

And what Santa saw was a sight to behold without a doubt. Two young women, a blonde and a black haired beauty Isabella and Scarlett. They had pretty faces, voluptuous bodies, and the sexiest holiday themed attire they could find as they answered Sixpence's call and introduced themselves to Santa and the Elf that called them. However judging by the quizzical look in Santa's blue eyes he wasn't exactly amused by this which would cause disbelief in most men considering how Isabella and Scarlett looked.

The raven haired Isabella wore a curve-hugging dress that looked closer to Santa's attire but far sexier. She had black thigh pantyhose It was red with a bit of white cotton lining the breast of the dress with a small black belt with silver buckle that was short enough to show off her ample cleavage and granted him a visible peek of her black thong.

However the golden blonde Scarlett wasn't about to be outdone with her outfit. It was a red and white dress with cotton lining the breasts, bottom, and straps of the dress and white lining the rest of the attire that was cut in an hourglass shape, appropriate considering her heaving bust and thick hips that were clothed with thigh high white lace stockings. With the girls dressing like that with the bodies that they had how could Santa choose which would be his Mrs. Claus but Santa wasn't exactly amused by this sight

"Are these the girls you brought for me Sixpence?" Santa asked with a hint of sternness in his voice while he observed the ladies in front of him from top to bottom in his green chair.

"That's right sir. I'm letting you decide between these two ladies because I couldn't decide on whether or not Mrs. Claus should be naughty...or nice," Sixpence said. 

And once Sixpence said that little sentence Isabella and Scarlett did their best to persuade Santa without saying a word. Isabella stood on Santa's left, Scarlett stood on his right, and they both looked sexy as could be presenting themselves to Santa. Sixpence believed that the best way to lift Santa's mood was with a sweet, sexy, slutty Mrs. Claus for him to love. Forget the traditional sweetness and helpfulness around Santa's empire that the late Martha provided, that would come in time the young elf man believed. Now Santa needed some good sex in his life with a beautiful woman that loved him.

Isabella definitely looked like she was a naughty girl. She had a sultry smile while she swayed her thick hips in place, showing off her hourglass figure that effortlessly filled out the red & white outfit she had on while sucking her index finger for a small moment as if it was a dick. She would be a fine fit to stand by his side or ride his dick.

Yet Scarlett looked nice and innocent in that skimpy little dress. She smiled invitingly and coquettishly at the big man in the green chair looking hot as can be in that little red number she had on. The pleasant girl seemed starstruck with the presence of Santa and was eager to do whatever he wanted to make him happy.

Santa stroked his beard in thought. Maybe he should give this idea a chance since he was a single man after all even though he was widowed. But before he could even say a word the pleasant Scarlett hastily sat on his lap to plead he case.

"Oh Santa please, please pick me. I promise I'll be the best wife ever and I'll swallow all of your cum," the blonde said with a cute smile on her face at the man she desired. However Isabella wasn't going to let herself get shown up for Santa's love. She sat on his knee across from Scarlett so she could persuade Santa directly.

"No Santa pick me. I want to gag on your fucking cock and I want big loads in all of my holes every night," Isabella said sweetly, confident that she was the woman that Santa would choose. Santa's blue eyes looked at Sixpence, then at Isabella, and then at Scarlett before he shoved them off his lap much to Sixpence's surprise.

"Sixpence these girls can't possibly replace Mrs. Claus. What were you thinking?" He asked his elf with noticeable anger and annoyance in his voice. It seemed that sex wasn't enough to win over the bringer of gifts and Sixpence had to think fast to get himself out of trouble with his boss. The head elf wasn't about to give up. Perhaps Santa didn't see enough of these girls yet...

"Bitches turn around," the elf ordered the potential Mrs. Clauses and they eagerly obeyed. They turned around immediately and bent over just enough to profile and display their asses to Santa and once he saw them the lovely mounds of flesh before his blue eyes they practically popped out of their sockets. He knew that Isabella and Scarlett were sexy up front with their pretty faces, healthy bodies, and big tits but those fat, round, asses brought it all together.

"Ho ho ho my god!" Santa declared in surprise from the sight of Isabella's and Scarlett's bubble butts in his face. His bearded jaw dropped with his hands resting on his head in shock. Just when he thought that Isabella and Scarlett couldn't get any more attractive they bent over for him and put their big butts on display. 

Sixpence watched Santa Claus' reaction with a smirk. While he didn't know that Santa was an ass man he was glad that the big man was. Now was just the right time however to let Santa know just what he had in mind when he picked these girls out in the first place.

"I'll show you what I had in mind big guy," the elf said. He then stood up, walked around the bent over beauties and stopped when he was between them and firmly placed his hands on the girls' asses before speaking a fateful question to the man in red.

"Did the old Mrs Claus have an ass like these?" 

And Santa's reaction while dumbstruck was honest as could be, "Noooo she did not..." he shook his head slowly with his eyes fixed and focused on the grab-able asses that the wannabe Mrs. Claus's had.

"So Santa what's better? Naughty or nice?" Sixpence asked with a prideful smirk but as Santa's head and eyes showed proof that he couldn't come up with a decision perhaps it would be best if he left the jolly man alone for a while.

"I'll let you check them out and decide. I have to see about the other elves. I'll be back later Santa," Sixpence replied with a little smirk before leaving the lounge and leaving Santa alone with the well-stacked Isabella and Scarlett.

Sixpence did bring up a valid point. Martha never looked as sexy as the girls in front of him did. He was with her for generations, living long and healthy lives with aid of good food, a healthy lifestyle, and some active sex. So it wasn't like Santa didn't know what to do with these beautiful women but could he will himself to have sex with another woman, even if it was a potential Mrs. Claus?

One thing was obvious though. Santa had two shapely, round, orbs of flesh profiled beautifully in his face right now waiting for his attention. He weighed the situation in his head before acting in the span of a few seconds. He was a single man, heartbroken but still single and Sixpence offered him a chance to cheer himself up and find a new Mrs. Claus to lift his downhearted mood and please him as a man and what better way to get back to feeling like the grown, jolly, man he was than with a sexy woman in his life to raise his spirits and his dick. He'd never forget Martha, the original Mrs. Claus, but now was the time to move on. So he did what any sane man would do and began to play with them in his hands. Starting with the pleasant blonde Scarlett.

Scarlett had a classically big ass. Her hips were thick, her waist was small, and her ass cheeks were HUGE and Santa was groping every inch of it like he should. Scarlett was stacked from the legs up with meaty hips and thighs and a deep and defined crease under two nice and plump cheeks that were so easy and fun to grab and grip and she enjoyed every second of it.

"Mmm Santa you can play with my ass anytime you want. Mmmm yesss" Scarlett cooed in lust for the man in red which made Santa smile in response, "Ho ho ho you really are a nice girl Scarlett," Saint Nicholas praised with his hands grabbing and squeezing the blonde's fantastic ass in his ivory hands. 

Still Santa was a generous man and it only seemed fair that Isabella received some ass worship of her own so after a few more seconds of feeling up Scarlett's big butt he placed his hands on Isabella's to check her ass out and it was no less impressive than what the blonde bombshell had.

Honestly even before Isabella bent over, when she just turned around her ass looked like two perfectly spherical snow globes and Santa was feeling them up to the fullest. The top and bottom of her ass were round and the fleshy, well-defined ass cheeks were curved entrancingly from her hips, thighs, and back. Santa had absolutely no problems kneading Isabella's big booty like dough, squeezing it like his life depended on it. Just like the raven haired belle it belonged had no problems with him doing so.

"Ahh you like that big fucking juicy butt Santa? Mm you like it when I bounce it in your face? Ahhh I can bounce it in other places too," Isabella purred with thoughts of her riding Santa's cock beginning to fill her slutty little mind. Perhaps Santa would let one of the girls see his special candy cane but right now his attention was on the back of Isabella. 

He then peeled down her black thong off her shapely legs to expose her wet pussy and unclothed asshole and his hands went back to grabbing and working her round mounds of ass, seeing how her tiny rear hole and wet cunt looked all the while.

"Mmm being naughty is fun," Isabella grinned while sticking her tongue out at her blonde rival who returned a look of dislike. Judging by how Santa was playing with her ass it wasn't going to be long before she was the new Mrs. Claus. Santa certainly liked her big butt without a doubt.

"Ho ho ho you're a very naughty slut indeed," Santa said with an amorous coo in his voice between his firm grip on her healthy butt. Isabella was naughty and proud of it and was ready to let Santa see just how naughty she was.

"Ahh you like that juicy ass Santa? Ahhh I want you to taste it!" She grinned before her right hand gripped the back of Santa's head to push it right in the crack of the big, naked, ass the he had been playing with so lecherously.

"Oooooh yeah taste it Santa, taste my sweet asshole, mmm yeah use your tongue just like that, mmm so good, ooooh Santa!" Isabella moaned in delight while Scarlett just looked at her with pure dislike. How could Santa give her ass so little attention compared to Isabellas?

"You're very naughty," Scarlett said to Isabella who was gleefully letting Santa eat her ass out from behind, "I know and I love it," she said with pride before letting Santa's head free only for the sake of air. Santa then gave Isabella's ass a quick slap just to see it jiggle before he stood up and led her in the direction of the red couch across from them and after another ass-shaking slap Isabella knew just what to do. She got on her knees on the couch and shook her big bottom appealingly for Santa to see, putting that fat ass in motion.

"You want more Santa? I'm ready for you," Isabella sweetly invited and it didn't take long for Santa to dive back into her ass, putting those bearded lips and wet tongue to work on her once more.

"So good...so good," Santa moaned softly with his face in Isabella's ass His wet tongue slurping and lapping away on the dark haired girl's pussy and ass, never leaving either hole unattended for too long. One moment his tongue was burrowing and swirling around in her asshole and the next moment he was letting his tongue lick and lap that clit of hers, getting it good and wet and making her moan so sweetly. All while Scarlett looked on in envy of her rival and walked around the couch with noticeable jealousy for her competing Mrs. Claus.

"This isn't fair," Scarlett complained while she walked around the piece of furniture and stopped at the front of the couch and kneeled down on Santa's left side with her eyes fixed on Isabella's beautiful butt. If she couldn't impress Santa by getting his attention on her own she believed she could do it by pleasing Scarlett and showing just how freaky she was to the man in red.

"I wanna taste her too. Let me help," Scarlett said cutely and with a curl in Santa's lips he moved aside a little bit and let the blonde put her tongue to work. Her tongue swirled and swiveled around Isabella's asshole, drawing moans and other sweet, dirty, sounds of pleasure from the dark haired girl's mouth.

"Her ass tastes so good," Scarlett purred. She savored the taste of girl ass in her mouth, a telling sign of just how eager the golden haired beauty was to please and entertain Santa. She wasn't above tonguing another girl just like Isabella wasn't above moaning for it.

"Mmmm yeah taste it, aaaaaaah. Yes, yes, yes taste my little shit hole, mmmm yeah use that nice little tongue of yours, mmm fuck! Ahhhh yeeees" Isabella's moans hit that good little spike in volume by Santa getting back involved by sucking and tasting her pussy. They tag-teamed the black haired woman, enjoying the taste of both of her holes and even kissed each other deeply to share the blend off pussy and ass on their tongues. It was a deep kiss with Scarlett and Santa's tongues rubbing and lashing against each other in lust and heat with the taste of Isabella on their tongues. In a sign of pride from the blonde she broke the kiss and said...
