 Two weeks later, Jen and Mark had another date. Jen decided to push up the heat and wore a very sex black dress. Karyn and Joe watched them leave from their window. 

"Holy shit she looks hot," Joe said. "He'd better try something tonight or she won't go out with him again."

"We'll see," Karyn responded, "Jen and I set up a signal for when she gets home so we'll know."

Later they heard a car door and looked out to investigate. They watched as Mark followed Jen inside. "So far, so good." Karyn said, crossing her fingers. After several minutes, a light came on in an upstairs closet window. "That's it! That's the signal! Mark finally made his move!" Karyn cried out with glee. "Guess she won't need us anymore," Joe laughed. 

The next day, Jen gave Karyn a blow by blow of her evening with Mark. She was very grateful for Karyn introducing her to Mark. As a sign of her gratitude, Jen invited Karyn and Joe to dinner at a very nice restaurant the very next week with her and Mark. Karyn readily accepted.

During dinner, Jen invited Joe and Karyn back to Mark's place afterwards. There was something she wanted to show them. When they got to Mark's place, Jen went into the kitchen for a moment. She walked up to Karyn and wiggled her fingers, an engagement ring! "Mark popped the question last week during our date! I am so happy you introduced us!" Jen gushed. 

"Wow!" said Karyn, "all the women at work will be sad Mark's off the market." Karyn giggled. 

Jen continued, "we're going to get married next month, but Mark is going to move in soon, but its only temporary. We both have jobs down south for the new school year."

"You two moved awfully quick," Joe responded. "Congratulations!" 

"Thank you!" said Mark, "let me get everyone a drink."

As Mark headed off to the kitchen, Jen bent down to Karyn. "I really can't thank you enough." At that, Jen began kissing Karyn while she unbuttoned her blouse. With a wicked smile, Jen led Karyn to the couch, undressing them both along the way. Jen crawled between Karyn's legs and began kissing, licking and sucking Karyn's awakening arousal.

Joe could tell Jen was hitting all the right spots as Karyn grabbed Jen's head, pressing it into her. Karyn was starting to writhe around on the couch when Mark returned. "I guess Jen found something else to eat," he joked. 

Jen did not stop her work on Karyn's clit until she drew Karyn's orgasm from deep inside. 

Jen smiled as she reached upwards to kiss Karyn again. "Shall we give our guys a little show?" she asked, Karyn nodded. 

Jen slipped out of her dress and panties. She reached below the couch and pulled out an ebony black double-ended dildo. It was about 24 inches long and fairly thick. Jen positioned Karyn on her hands and knees. She slipped one end into Karyn's wet, shaved pussy. Once she had much of it into Karyn, she moved behind her, butt to butt. She grabbed the other end and began to slide it into her own sloppy wet, hairy cunt.

It took several attempts to get a rhythm going, but the ladies managed. Joe and Mark watched as the two smacked their asses together, watching them quiver at the end of each stroke. Joe, knowing she was easily orgasmic, paid close attention to Jen's face. 

Karyn arousal was also growing. She started moving back and forth quicker and quicker, using long, deep strokes. Her ass was slamming into Jen's. The greater pace and deeper thrusts were too much for Jen. Joe could tell by the wrinkle in her nose that she was entering her first orgasm. As Karyn's lust grew, Jen rolled into her first orgasm. 

Mark sat wide-eyed as his fiancée started having a series of orgasms. She was suddenly unable to keep up her end of the motion as her pussy muscles clamped the dildo in place, allowing Karyn to fuck herself better on her end of the dildo.

Joe knew Jen was temporarily spent. He pulled off his Dockers and stepped in front of her, shoving his hard cock into her mouth. The action pulled Jen back into the present and she began hungrily sucking Joe's manhood. Joe felt Jen's tongue swirling across the head of his cock just as Karyn screamed out in a trembling, hard shaking orgasm. 

Joe noticed Mark jerking off. He moved away from Jen and helped Karyn onto the couch. Joe whispered in Jen's ear, she smiled and crawled back between Karyn's legs, this time inserting the dildo before licking and nibbling Karyn's clit. 

Joe moved behind Jen, thinking this may be his last opportunity to fuck her. He wet the tip of his raging cock with the juices dripping from between Jen's legs before driving fully into her. He waved Mark over towards Karyn. Mark stepped over and Karyn grabbed his hard-on, pulling it into her mouth. Joe loved watching Karyn open and slowly accept Mark's hard cock. As Karyn grabbed it with her hand and began sucking and jerking Mark off, Joe began fucking Jen vigorously, blinded by lust, fueled by watching his favorite porn star, his wife, working her favorite toy, a real cock. 

Joe's increased pace spawned more urgency in Jen's attention to Karyn's swollen lips and clit. Every sense was involved and heightened. The sounds of Joe's balls slapping Jen's clit, Karyn moaning on Mark's cock while the wet sounds of the dildo fuck filled the room. The smell of two hot, wet pussies made the room smell of sex. Joe had views of his cock entering Jen's pussy while her sex juice poured from her. He also watched the dildo enter his wife's cunt while she did the same with Mark's cock in her mouth. Joe briefly thought this would be his favorite porn if they were filming it. 

The scene was now too much for Joe. He shoved his love tool as deep as possible into Jen's love box, letting loose a torrent of his seed, filling Jen. As she felt the heat of Joe's load, she whimpered loudly and slumped into a heavy orgasm. As she lost control of her arm, she shoved the dildo into Karyn deeply. The sudden jerk and depth triggered a pleasure pain response sending Karyn into her own uncontrolled orgasm. Mark, overwhelmed by the two women's moans, shot his own hot flow into Karyn's mouth, too much for her to take, causing some to drip out of her lips. 

The four collapsed onto the couch and floor, a sweaty mass of satiated bodies.

As they recovered, the women began to chat about wedding plans and the guys turned on the game.