 When I came back to my desk from lunch on Friday, there was an e-mail from Cynthia asking if I wanted to go out for drinks after work with her and Pam. My weekend was free and after the wild night we'd had a few days ago, I was eager to spend more time with the two women, so I wrote back and accepted the invitation. As I was heading out to the parking lot at quitting time, as usual, Cynthia was standing there, waiting for me.

"You're sure you don't mind spending a Friday night hanging out with a couple of old women like us?" she smiled slyly as we walked across the parking lot to my car. 

"Oh, I don't mind at all." Looking around to make sure no one was watching, I reached over and gave her asscheek a pinch. As I put the car in gear and started up the street, Cynthia put her hand in my lap and slid it up to my crotch, rubbing my cock and balls through my pants.

I cleared my throat. "So, where are we off to?"

"My place first, if you don't mind," she said, running her fingers up and down the length of my hard cock. "I'd like to change before we go out."

Cynthia was pulling her blouse over her head as I closed the apartment door behind me. She unhooked her bra and with a wink let it fall to the floor, squeezing her big tits together, pinching the nipples.

"Before we go out," I said, quickly unbuckling my pants and letting them fall around my ankles. I took my hard seven-inch cock in my hand and started stroking quickly.

Cynthia knelt in front of me. "Poor baby," she cooed, running her hand up the inside of my thigh and cupping my balls. "Does he need some relief?" She leaned forward and gently took one of my balls in her mouth, sucking softly and moving to the other one.


My hand was a blur as she ran her tongue up over my fingers, taking the head of my cock between her lips and running her tongue all over it, getting it slick before moving back down to my balls. It took only a couple of minutes before I felt the tingle in my balls and my bag tightened against my body. Grabbing Cynthia's hair, I pulled her head back and pointed my cock at her open mouth. My first shot landed on her tongue, then she took the head between her lips and replaced my hand with her mouth, moving up and down, sucking my cum as it spurted into her.

I leaned against the wall and caught my breath as Cynthia stood, smiling, and disappeared into the bathroom. She reappeared in a few minutes wearing a low-cut black blouse and black leather skirt that ended a few inches below her knees. Her long black hair, which she had been wearing pinned up for work, now lay down over her shoulders. Without a word she took my hand and led me back out to the car. 

We drove downtown, where we were meeting Pam at a dance club. Cynthia told me that her son, Brian, would also be joining us. He lived across the country where he also worked in computers and had just arrived in town today on vacation. Cynthia hadn't seen him in a couple of years and was looking forward to the reunion.

We parked and walked to the club. This early in the evening the place was only starting to fill up, but there was already a good-sized crowd. We looked around and saw Pam sitting at a table in the far-back corner. She waved and we started to make our way through the crowd.

As we approached, I saw that Pam wasn't alone. She was sitting with a guy about my age, maybe two or three years younger. He got up from the table and walked over to Cynthia, grabbing her in a big bear hug.

"Hi Mom," he said, leaning back to lift her feet off the floor. "It's great to see you."

"Hi honey," she beamed, releasing her hug to look up at him. She reached up to ruffle his short blond hair. "You got a haircut! You look so much more handsome than the last time I saw you!"

Brian grinned ruefully. "Yeah, the boss made me do it," he said, turning toward me. 

"Oh, I'm sorry," Cynthia said. "Honey, this is my friend James. James, this is Brian."

We shook hands. He had a strong grip. He was a bit shorter than me, but his shoulders were broader, and his well-muscled torso was evident through the material of his shirt. "So you work with Mom," he said. "What kind of programming do you do?"

For the next couple of hours we ordered round after round as Brian and I talked shop. I wasn't really sure how to behave around Cynthia with her son here, so I kept my hands on the table, but every now and then I felt her foot rub up and down my leg. A couple of times I felt another foot from across the table and when I looked up at her, Pam would wink and lick her lips.

We were getting a pretty good buzz from the drinks when Pam stood up a little unsteadily and announced that she wanted to dance with Brian.

"You don't mind if I borrow your boy for a while, do you, Cyn?" she asked. "I'll try to bring him back in one piece."

"You'd better," Cynthia laughed as Pam grabbed Brian's hand and pulled him toward the dance floor. We watched them disappear into the crowd, then Cynthia leaned over and slipped her hand under the table into my crotch, leaning over to kiss my neck. 

"My baby decided to stay at a hotel while he's in town, because my place is so small and his company's paying for it anyway," she breathed in my ear. "I'll be spending the entire weekend with him, but tonight Pam wanted you and me to come by her place after we leave here." She looked up at me with a sexy smile. "Interested?"

"Yeah, I guess I'm interested," I said as she giggled and gave my hardening cock a squeeze.

We ordered another round and talked until we noticed Brian walking toward the table, leading Pam by the arm.

"I think Pam's pretty much had it, Mom," he said. Pam was standing unsteadily on her feet. "I'm pretty beat too, after that long flight. I'm going to drop her off at home, then I'll call it a night too."

"OK, honey," Cynthia said. "Do you need any cab money?"

"Mother," Brian pouted and grinned. "I'm a big boy now. I have a rental car. Call me at the hotel in the morning and we'll go out to breakfast, OK?"

"OK, sweetie." She got up and hugged her son, kissing his cheek. "Drive carefully."

Brian and Pam moved through the crowd and disappeared out the front door. Cynthia returned her hand to my crotch and giggled. "Well," she said, "it doesn't look like poor Pam's going to be in any shape to entertain us tonight. I guess it's up to us to find something to do until breakfast."

We kissed, her tongue sliding against mine, then we finished our drinks and walked out to the car. We started driving toward Cynthia's apartment when she asked me to take a different turnoff.

"We should at least check in on Pam first," she said. "Just to make sure she's alright."

We drove across town and found the subdivision. We pulled up to the house and stopped out front. There were two cars in the driveway. 

"That's weird," Cynthia said. "Whose car is that?"

Getting out, we walked up the driveway. I noticed the sticker from the rental agency on the back bumper of the second car. We walked up the steps to the side door and Cynthia drunkenly turned the knob. The door swung open.

"It's open," she said. "Hello? Pam?"

There was no answer. We walked in and crossed the kitchen to the living room. Muffled noises were coming from upstairs. With a worried look on her face, Cynthia started walking up the stairs. "I hope she's OK," she said. I followed her up.

At the end of the hall, light was flooding from the open door to Pam's bedroom and the noises were louder - rhythmic squeaking accompanied by voices moaning. Slowly, Cynthia and I crept across the carpet and stopped, peeking around the edge of the door.

Brian was on top of Pam, his ass pounding up and down as he fucked her on the bed. Her legs were wrapped around his waist and she was gripping his shoulders as his thick cock pounded in and out of her, spreading her pink pussy lips wide, her red bush glistening with her juices.

"Oh!" Cynthia breathed, shocked. "I knew it! I thought there was something going on between those two." She sounded angry, but she stood watching, her hand reaching up to rub her tit through the fabric of her blouse. After about 30 seconds, her other hand found the front of my pants and squeezed my hard cock.

On the bed, Pam was crying out now, digging her finger nails into Brian's shoulders. Brian's fucking became more insistent. Cynthia pulled down my zipper and pulled my cock from my pants, jerking me off as her other hand dug under her skirt.

"I'm gonna cum, Pam!" Brain hissed.

"In my mouth, baby!" Pam cried. "Get up, quick!" Brian got up on his knees with his back still to us. Pam moved quickly on the bed, leaning up on her side to take Brian's cock in her mouth. From this position she saw us standing in the doorway and smiled around a mouthful of thick cock as Brian grabbed her hair and started pumping his hips into her face as he came. Pam moaned loudly as she swallowed his load, some of his cum dripping from the corners of her mouth.

When he was done, Pam moved aside and Brian collapsed forward onto the bed with a groan. She turned his face toward hers and kissed him deeply. Then she looked over at the door and smiled at us.

"It looks like we're busted, Brian."

Brian's head jerked up off the mattress and turned toward the door. "Oh, fuck," he said.