 We kissed, slowly and deeply. Our mouths and tongues exploring each other's – every inch. Inhaling each other's breath. We took our time – savouring. 

Finally, I broke off what was becoming an endless kiss and I said one word – ""Kneel." 

I looked into her eyes as she knelt. I looked into her eyes deeply. The lust was clear, overwhelming in fact. The flushed cheeks, the ever so slightly quivering top lip that I had been tasting, the single bead of sweat on her brow. 

"Take your bra off slowly," I said firmly, not letting my gaze leave her eyes and wordlessly demanding no less. Her dress had been removed as soon as she had walked through the door. 

The black bra came off as requested. The beautiful big breasts were released from their fabric confines and bounced free. 

"Close your eyes now Sarah," I said. 

My fingers moved slowly and lightly across the soft flesh. Not all of my attentions would be so gentle, but for now it sufficed. Sarah's breathing changed as I circled her huge nipples that had been erect since at least the elevator trip up to this hotel room. For the next ten minutes I worked over her breasts as they hung free. Caressing them, pulling and twisting the glorious big nipples, squeezing them. Later in this evening I would slap those breasts them silly. 

She obeyed as expected. The room smelt divinely of wet cunt, even though Sarah still had a pair of knickers on, albeit an extremely flimsy pair. 

"Fuck yeah," said the voice to my right. 

That voice belonged to Steve, Sarah's husband who sat naked on the hotel couch. One hand grasped firmly around the base of his cock, jerking it slowly but firmly. 

Let me backtrack a bit now. Steve and Sarah had contacted me online, looking for a threesome with a difference. We chatted for a while online, and had meet once for a casual drink until agreeing to meet for some fun. Steve wanted to watch his wife submit and get really kinky, and participate when required. Sarah had a few things she was desperate to try and I was happy to oblige. More than happy. They had shared photos of each other before we met and I had reciprocated. Sarah was in her late 40's, gorgeously voluptuous with lovely red hair. Steve had commented that Sarah had a big cunt and the pictures certainly held that to be true. Steve was in his early 50's carrying quite a few extra kilos. Both were as kinky as fuck. 

"Lift up your tits for me Sarah," I directed and then I added, "Rub your own nipples, show us both how you play with your own tits." 

As Sarah did as told, I asked, "Tell me what you want Sarah?" 

"Whatever you want." 

"Good reply Sarah." 

"What I want is to pleasure you and use you with your husband. I am going to use your married ass, pussy and tits. Your submission is going to bring you a flood of pleasure." 

Sarah replied "Yes Sir." 

I watched Sarah play with her own tits. I was still fully clothed, still wearing a suit and tie and my own confined cock was unsurprisingly rock hard. I watched her for a while, as did Steve, never taking his hand from his cock. 

One of my requests to Sarah before meeting was for her to have her feet clean, pedicured, and manicured. 

"Sarah lay on the bed please, keep your panties on and spread your legs, I'll get back to those tits later." 

Sarah's hands fell away from her breasts and she moved quickly to the bed. 

"I am going to blindfold you now Sarah," I said. 

As I did so, I asked Steve, "Have you ever licked and sucked you wife's feet and toes." 

"No, but I guess I am about to," replied Steve. 

"We are both going to," I corrected. 

With that, I took one foot and Steve the other. I commented to Steve how we both now had a great view of Sarah's wet cunt. The flimsy tight material of her white panties had a noticeable large wet spot and the fleshy folds of her engorged pussy were clearly visible. Sarah moaned as her feet were sucked. I sucked her toes one by one as if they were cocks. I opened up her toes and ran my tongue between them. I licked the arches of her foot and kissed them. Over and over I worked my mouth and tongue around her foot and Steve was doing something similar. Sarah moaned and quivered under the twin attention. 

"Look at that wet spot spreading, she is fucking oozing," said Steve when he took a quick breath, and I added a grunt in agreement. 

I decided Sarah's feet had had enough attention. "Let's get that cunt of yours uncovered Sarah. I want to thoroughly inspect it." 

Sarah sat up and I took the blindfold off. I kissed her on the mouth as I did, resisting the urge to grab her boobs or slide my hand to her cunt. 

"Stand up in front of me, take your knickers off and show me your cunt, spread it open and pull on those big cunt lips," I whispered into Sarah's ear. 

I sat on the edge of the bed as Sarah slowly slid off the soaking knickers. I had her sniff them to inhale the scent of her own arousal. She moved her legs apart and the size of her cunt was even more impressive in real life. 

"I told you it was fucking big," said Steve. 

"Just how I like them Steve," I replied. 

Sarah spread the meaty folds and the clit was huge. 

"Don't touch that clit yet Sarah, come closer and let me inspect your cunt," I said. 

I clinically probed and inspected the beautiful big pussy presented to me. I tugged slowly but ever so strongly on the massive meat curtains. Eliciting deep guttural moans from Sarah. I probed the opening, and enjoyed using two fingers to open up the clearly oversized hole. I almost thought that the engorged clit looked was visibly throbbing. 

All this time, Steve had been patiently jerking his cock. He no doubt could not continue to do that without cumming. 

"Look at your husband Sarah, jerking his cock while a stranger inspects and touches his wife's big cunt. This is what is going to happen now Sarah. You are going to undress me. When that is done Steve is going to stand next to me, and you are going to suck both our cocks until we cum. It is going to be messy." 

Sarah did as told. My cock was finally released from my tight white underwear and Steve stood shoulder to shoulder as Sarah grasped both our cocks, gave them each a simultaneous squeeze and a couple of tugs. Her mouth descended to mine first while her hand worked her husband's cock. She first sucked the big purple head of my cock which sent shivers down my spine, before devouring my whole cock and slobbering all over it, while also squeezing and kneading my turgid balls. I grasped her hair and firmly massaged her scalp as I slowly fucked her willing mouth. Before I was pushed over the edge, I directed her to her husband's cock and Sarah went to work on that, now grasping the root of my cock and squeezing my balls as she did. She alternated a couple of time between us, before she took both our cocks again and pulled Steve and I closer together. She took both cocks in her mouth, rubbing them together before she did. Sarah paid particular attention to rubbing the heads of our cocks together in between trying to inhale them. 

With Sarah's exceptional efforts, Steve was first to crack which was unsurprising given he had been jerking his cock himself for quite a while before Sarah's oral onslaught. Sensing her husband's imminent release, she focussed on Steve' cock and he grunted deeply and a torrent of cum sprayed across his wife's face and into her mouth. She was still holding my hard cock as spurt after spurt erupted from her husband's. She sucked her husband dry before moving back to my cock. I grabbed the back of her head and fucked he mouth. It didn't take me long to add my cum to her already glistening face. I shot several ropes of thick cum on to Sarah that mingled with her husband's glaze. Steve and I admired our handy work. 

"What a fucking mess you are wifey," said Steve, the first words we had spoken in what seemed like ages. 

"Mmmmm... I love cum, the more the merrier." was her response. 

After quickly gathering my breath and a glass of water I said, "Sarah it is time for me to see what that big cunt of yours can take. Steve is looking forward to watching, I am looking forward to administering." 

I told Sarah where I wanted her. On all fours on the bed. When she was in position, I changed my plan somewhat. Her hanging full breasts could not be left alone. I went to my suitcase and rummaged around in it. I found what I was looking for. I showed Steve first and then Sarah. I deftly placed a clamp on one nipple and Sarah yelped as the cold metallic teeth bit into the sensitive flesh. The clamps were joined together by a short but stout chain and I attached the other clamp to the other nipple, and again there was a yelp and this time a quiver. I tugged lightly on the chain and felt Sarah shudder with my teasing. I wasn't done yet. Steve was lazing back to watch the show. This is one of the things he was really, really, looking forward to. I went back to my bag and got out a series of weights. 

I whispered to Sarah as I showed her the weights, "These are going on the chain attached to your nipple clamps Sarah. They are going to drag you tits and they are going to flail around when I go to work on your pussy and ass." 

"Are you looking forward Steve to seeing your wife's big tits being tormented and swinging every which way?" I asked rhetorically. 

Sarah gasped as I hooked one weight, and then the next on to the chain and watched her nipples being distended and her tits dragged downwards. I then went behind Sarah and grabbed the riding crop that I had gotten out of my suitcase at the same time as the nipple clamps. 

Without any further ado, I went to work on her butt cheeks. I started in a nice rhythmic fashion – three reasonable soft hits, and then one harder hit. Sarah initially bucked slightly at every contact, but as I settled into the metronomic rhythm she only really bucked at the third harder impact. Her ass was now starting to redden up nicely, and Steve approved of the colouring. His cock was again hard and so was mine. I covered every inch of Sarah's lovely big bum. Turning the whole thing red. On each of the harder impacts the nipple clamps would really drag at Sarah's nipples, making her beautiful big tits swing wildly. 

I changed tact slightly. A change is as good as a holiday. Instead of the riding crop, I spanked her ass with my hand. Rapid staccato slaps. Her ass wobbling as I did so. I had her spread her legs a bit more and then I spanked her wet cunt. She screamed out as I did and Steve yelled "Yeah." His cock rock hard again and in his hand. My cock was rock hard again as well. I grabbed a handful of cunt and squeezed hard and this elicited from Sarah a long groan that became a yearning whimper. She needed to cum, had needed to cum for what I am sure felt like an eternity for her. 

With a thoroughly red ass and completely tormented nipples, I told her I was going to make her cum. 

"Thank you Sir," she said, exhaling deeply in relief as she did. 

It didn't take long. I vigorously rubbed her slit and dipped my fingers into her big vaginal sheath. She heaved and heaved as Steve yelled at her to cum. And finally Sarah collapsed forward, her thighs convulsed as she did so and eventually clamped together in post orgasmic torment as I continued to rub her slit – zeroing in the sides of her clit. With that I finally relented. Sarah just lay gasping on the bed, her face in the pillow and her hands reaching towards her tits. The nipple clamps had torn off during her climax, adding to the sensory excess she had just experienced. 

"Fuck," was the only thing that Sarah said as she lay recovering. Steve moved and cuddled her, his cock still hard as I got up and got all of us a glass of water. 

It didn't take long for Sarah to recover and Steve was eager for things to continue unabated. 

"Stand up Sarah," I said. 

When she had done so, I went to one of the red tormented nipples and started sucking on it. Steve then moved to the other one and for a short period of time Sarah had both her nipples sucked, licked and nuzzled simultaneously. 

"That is divine," said Sarah, stroking our hair and massaging our scalps as we pleasured and almost certainly soothed her nipples. 

"I think she is ready for cock now," said Steve, his own standing fully erect. 

My reply was mischievous, "Yes, I think she is, and let's give her something she hasn't had before." 

It got the response I wanted as Sarah immediately looked intrigued. 

"How shall we start?" asked Steve, guessing what the plan was as it was something we had discussed between us. 

"Sarah, jump on top of Steve and ride him." 

Steve laid down on the bed, and without and Sarah climbed aboard and told us how much she needed cock. 

Her husband's cock quickly slipped into her big wet hole and she started to grind against him then I watched her fuck her husband nice and slow. I positioned myself so I got a lovely view of her cunt swallowing her husband's cock. As she became more urgent in her fucking, I told her to slightly adjust her position and lean as far forward with her torso as she did. 

"Thwack... Thwack... Thawck," rang out around the hotel room and Sarah screamed in surprise as I went to town on her ass again with the riding crop. Her fucking became more urgent and she became more vocal as her previously tenderised rump received more sting. As I whacked her bum, I was enjoying the sight of her fucking hubby who was now pushing up and burying his cock deep into the rhythmically descending pussy. 

I relented with the riding crop and told her to push herself further forward on to her husband, but keep his cock inside. Steve knew what was going to happen, Sarah admitted afterwards that she thought she was going to get dp'd. I got behind Sarah, and she squealed when she realised what was happening. It took some effort but I got things lined up, and sunk my cock into Sarah's already occupied cunt. Sarah now had two cocks lodged into her greedy hole. The tightness was intense, Steve held his cock still and deep in his wife, as I slowly fucked her. I could feel her cunt becoming more accommodating to the two invaders as I fucked her. It didn't take long. I was the first to cum and as I did so I fucked into her hard. My cock unleashed a torrent of cum into Sarah and all over Steve's cock. Steve quickly returned serve and my cock still stayed hard despite having just cum. The wicked stimulation ensured that was the case. Sarah came just after Steve. As we pulled our cocks, the double cum load erupted geyser like from Sarah's cunt that just hung open slackly, even when unoccupied. We all marvelled at the mess, more so when Sarah farted further cum out of her birth canal. Our cocks were glistening with our own and each other's cum, mixed with Sarah's copious juices. 

After that effort, we took a much longer rest, shared a bottle of wine and chatted. Sarah started the action again, such a wonderfully horny woman. She declared it toy time. She started flat on her back and we both proceeded to fill her and fuck her with various toys. She had bought along quite the collection. We fucked her with dildos – big ones and enjoyed the sight of her cunt limps clinging to the various intruders as she played with her clit. The squelching sounds of her cunt coupled with her moans had us hard again. We both took turns, sinking a massive blue jelly dildo into Sarah and then whipping it out, her hole stayed open when it was vacated, before we plunged the massive fake phallus back into her. She came four times as we worked the smorgasbord of dildos into her ever willing vagina, but when being stretched by "big blue" it was different. Her cunt erupted as squirt after squirt arched from her pulsating pussy. 

Steve and I had both been deftly sinking a digit at times into Sarah's bumhole as she wriggled and squirmed from the monstering her cunt was taking from the toys. Steve and I now had plan for her ass. It was simple. Sarah got herself up on all fours. 

"As our visitor, you can have the honour of fucking my wife's asshole before I do." 

"Ever the gracious host, Steve, thank you," I replied. 

With some more lube, a finger first, and then a small amount of effort, my cock popped passed the tight muscular barrier and my cock was lodged deeply in Sarah's anal cavity. 

I proceed to fuck her bum slowly and steadily. Sporadically spanking her asscheeks as I did. 

"Be a good girl and play with your cunt Sarah, while I fuck open your ass," I directed. 

"Her response was muffled but obedient." 

Over the next half an hour, Steve and I took turns fucking Sarah's bum. Whenever we would feel our own orgasm coming on, we would pull out. Sarah though came three times. Sarah's bum became more pliable as our plunder persisted until it just hung open when one of us withdrew, ready for the entry of the other. Her bumcheeks were completely red from spanking. 

Steve was the first to cum as he anally fucked his wife to another orgasm. He filled her bum with spunk and I watched it dribble out of her gaping backdoor and run down Sarah's pussy and thighs. I then slipped my cock into her spunk filled anus. Steve's cum bubbled up and covered my cock as I fucked his wife's bum powerfully. I grunted as I added my sperm to Steve's wife's overworked and now completely overfilled bum. As I withdrew my cock, 

"Did you enjoy the double creampie wifey?" asked Steve rhetorically, his wife completely out of breath. 

Sarah response took some effort, "Oh my god that was so intense." 

All of us were now thoroughly spent. We sat around and had a coffee and a chat, Sarah though complaining that it was a bit hard for her to sit still after what had just happened to her bum. It had indeed been an intense session. One that we all agreed as we left the hotel needed to be repeated.