 As we always do, the whole gang assembled at the Union after classes on Friday. We sat around, had a few beers, threw some darts, then went off together for pizza. After dinner, almost everyone had to leave to go see a hockey game. We were playing North Dakota that night, and I guess that's a big deal. Personally, I despise hockey. Most of my friends, on the other hand, think it's the greatest sport on Earth, so after they left there were just three of us left. Craig, Shelly, and I stood on State Street trying to decide what to do next. I suggested hitting a bar.

"Nah," Craig said. "The bars will be jammed tonight. I really don't feel like dealing with crowds."

"But what else is there to do?" I asked.

"I have an idea," Shelly said. "I got a new game for Christmas that I want to try. I think you guys will really like it."

"Sounds good to me," Craig agreed, so we headed for Shelly's apartment. On the way we stopped at a liquor store and Craig and I went in and bought a big bottle of wine. Shelly had to wait outside because she is still under age. A light snow had started to fall, and the walk to Shelly's place was very pleasant. It was like being in some old movie. Shelly has a beautiful one bedroom apartment facing Lake Mendota. She's here on a scholarship and can afford that kind of thing. We went inside, hung up our coats, and Shelly went to find the game while Craig and I went to the kitchen and poured three glasses of wine.

Shelly came out of her bedroom holding a game box. She started to take off the shrink-wrap and explained, "It's called Therapy. I played it at my cousin's house over Thanksgiving and enjoyed it so much that I asked my Mom to get me a copy for Christmas. Basically, we sit around and analyze each other. What do you think?"

"Sounds great!" Craig said. I thought so, too. We were certainly an interesting group. Shelly is a nineteen year old sophomore math and computer science major. Craig is twenty-four and studying economics in graduate school, and I'm twenty-two years old and a senior in nursing. A more diverse set of "therapists" probably couldn't be found anywhere on campus.

Shelly went to her stereo and turned on some mellow jazz. We set up the game on the floor and started playing. You win Therapy by collecting six pegs on your playing piece, which looks like a little couch. There are six categories, and you need a peg from each category. There are two ways to get a peg. One way is to answer a scientific, psychological question in one of the categories. The questions are like: 

True or False: A baby whose mother responds quickly and consistently whenever it cries will end up being a chronic crier; or 

What percentage of American women admit they wear uncomfortable shoes because they look good? 10%, 24%, or 45%. 

If you get one of these right, you get a peg in its category.

The more interesting way to get a peg is by "curing" another player, either in one-to-one or in group therapy. In this case the "therapist" reads a question, and the "patient" writes down her response. The therapist then tries to guess what the patient wrote. If the therapist is right, the patient is cured and the therapist gets a peg as her fee. If the therapist is wrong, the patient remains in therapy and they try again next turn. The therapy questions are things like:

So tell me, which player do you think would be most likely to sneak into a movie? or

So tell me, on a rating scale of 1 to 10, how moody are you? or 

So tell me, which player do you think would be most likely to have a dream about a large snake?

This last question raised a couple eyebrows. I was the therapist, and Craig was the patient. I guessed that he had said I would be most likely, but he had written "Shelly." I guess his opinion was confirmed a few turns later when Shelly was his patient and the question was: "So tell me, on a rating scale of 1 to 10, what is your level of sexual appetite?" Shelly had written "10" and Craig guessed right.

As you might imagine, a lot of the questions dealt with sex, and I think all of us were already feeling a little fresh. For instance, "Therapist" cards became "The Rapist" cards, and whenever a question about sex came up, we always gave the highest possible answer. Actually, we learned a lot about each other's personalities and feelings. In the end, I won the first game. We were having so much fun we decided to play again, after we got up to get more wine.

I suppose I should have seen it coming. When we sat down to play the second game, Craig and Shelly sat down quite close to each other. Their knees were touching, and every now and then they'd find some excuse to rub each other's back or legs. For my sake, they acted like it was all in good fun, but I could tell, by the way they looked at each other, what they each had silently planned for later that night. I would have left then, but we had already started the second game.

I must admit I was pretty jealous; partly because at the beginning of the evening we had been three friends on equal footing, and now I felt like an outsider. I was mainly jealous, however, because ever since I met him, I have had a big crush on Craig, but he never asked me out. I didn't blame Craig for picking Shelly. She is uncommonly pretty with lustrous blonde hair and big blue eyes. And I couldn't blame Shelly for wanting what I wanted.

What bothered me was that I had known Craig for over a year and he had never seen me as more than a friend. We had met Shelly only a few weeks before. Now she was going to be taking him to bed that night. It really frustrated me that she had only gotten him to notice her by using this game to indirectly, yet unquestionably, let him know she was interested. I had the same opportunity, but I have never been able to do that kind of thing. I'm too shy, and at that moment I blamed Shelly for my shyness. No one ever said jealousy was rational.

I couldn't help myself. I just got more jealous as we continued playing and they got continually more friendly with each other. I virtually burned when Shelly read: "So tell me, which of the following parts of your body would you most like to have attention paid to? a) legs, b) lips, c) ear lobes?" and when Craig answered "c" she leaned over and gently bit his ear lobe. I felt even angrier when Craig asked Shelly: "So tell me, what sense do you derive the most pleasure from?" and she practically moaned her answer "Touch." They obviously had almost forgotten my existence, interacting with me only when the game required. I was answering the same kinds of questions as Shelly, and many of my answers showed that I too was available and interested, but Craig never noticed. I was just too shy to expose my feelings with my body and voice the way Shelly did.

A few turns latter, reading from the card, Craig asked Shelly: "So tell me, which player do you think will most likely dream tonight of being bound in chains?" She wrote down her answer and Craig said: "You."

Shelly held up her paper and answered: "That's right. Me, of course."

I guess that was the last straw. I started yelling. "Like Hell he's right! You're both wrong. I'm the most likely to dream about being bound in chains. Bondage is my biggest fantasy. I do have dreams like that, and I love each and every one of them!" 

I don't know what caused me to confess my secret like that. I had never even told any of my boyfriends about my fantasy. I guess I was so jealous I just had to do something to call Craig's attention to me.

Craig and Shelly weren't looking at me, but each other. I was afraid they would start laughing. Instead, Shelly turned to look me in the eye and said, her voice husky: "How about tonight?"

My jaw dropped, but my nipples sprang up and I felt moist heat between my legs. It was like I had lost control of myself. My common sense told me to get up and leave, but my true desires had taken over.

"Yes!" I heard myself whisper.

The game forgotten, Craig and Shelly each took one of my arms and helped me to my feet. They led me into Shelly's bedroom. Shelly let go of me, but Craig took both of my wrists and held them together behind my back. No one spoke, we were united in a common purpose. Shelly rummaged through her closet and came up with four long sashes from various robes and dresses. She took these and started tying them to the bed frame at the corners of her full size bed. As I watched her carefully tying good strong knots, I grew hornier and hornier. My panties were becoming absolutely soaked!

While she finished attaching the sashes to the bed frame, Craig pulled off my sweater and took off my bra. Then he reached down and pulled down my jeans and panties. I stepped out of my jeans, leaving my socks in the crumpled legs. I was completely naked. Craig picked me up and set me down in the middle of the big bed. He spread my arms as far as they would go and started tying the sashes around my wrists, making sure there was no slack. Then, together, he and Shelly pulled my feet toward each corner of the bed. When they had me spread out as far as possible in all directions, they tied the sashes around my ankles. I was totally spread eagle, face up on the bed. It was actually quite comfortable, perhaps because of the equal tension on each of my limbs. I tried pulling against the sashes. Those knots were strong! There was no way I could ever free myself.

Shelly turned to Craig and said: "Well, she's not going anywhere. What do you want to do now?"

"We could go in the other room and make love. You know, I've never even kissed you yet."

"It wouldn't be very nice to leave Sandy here alone. Besides, the first time I make love to you, I want it to be in my own bed, even if it is a little crowded."

They started kissing and undressing each other. I had been so caught up in my excitement about being tied up by Craig, that it had not occurred to me until then that I would be sharing him and this bed with another woman. Normally, this would have turned me off, but under the circumstances it only added more excitement to the adventure. 

Impulsively, I strained against the bindings. Even if I wanted to, there was nothing I could do to stop Shelly from getting into bed with me. Despite my trepidation about her being here, I moaned with automatic lust when I realized my total helplessness, such defenselessness being the core element of the craving I had set out to satiate.

They had finished undressing and turned to consider me. I had often seen Craig in a swimming suit, so I realized how good he'd look naked. His good looks were improved by the way his penis stuck straight out, all big and hard. He has a very hairy chest, and is tall and broad shouldered.

Shelly is just the opposite, with a slender, sylph's body. Her breasts are rather small, but her long nipples were erect and pointing straight out. Breast size is the only advantage I have on her — we have identical dimensions everywhere else — my breasts are pretty big, and my nipples tend to stick out too. Her pubic hair is very blonde, unlike mine which is light brown, like the hair on my head. In fact, her pubic hair is so blonde and fine that it looks almost transparent. This gave her an exotic look that I found compelling.

Understand, I am certainly not a lesbian, and I don't think that I'm even bisexual, but just then I found myself wanting to touch Shelly's pussy, to feel its silky hair covering its firm lips. I imagined taking Craig's penis in one hand, and Shelly's pussy in the other and squeezing and rubbing them so they both would moan. I tried to pull my hands free, but they were tied too tightly. I think being tied up automatically makes you want the things you can see but can't reach. Under any other conditions I don't think I would ever have developed desires for another woman. I suddenly found that I desperately needed to touch and be touched by both of them.

Shelly laid next to me, and Craig laid right on top of me and started licking my breasts. Already primed by being tied up, and the perverse thoughts I's been having, I immediately lost control and started whispering. "I'm yours! Please let me be yours. Let me touch you, let me stroke you wherever you want."

Shelly said, "I know what you can do that will be good for both of us. Suck Craig off right now. That way he won't come too fast when I make love to him."

Craig must have liked this idea because he got right up on his knees and lowered his big, hard penis into my waiting mouth. I have always loved oral sex and I think I'm pretty good at it. After a couple of minutes I had Craig groaning and clutching at the headboard as he pumped what seemed like mouthful after mouthful of semen down my throat.

Craig fell back and sat between my spread legs, his knees laying across my thighs. Shelly said: "That was fun to watch." 

She ran her finger over my lips, cleaning Craig's come from them. She tasted it and said: "Yum! I was too generous with you, Sandy. I should have done that. He tastes wonderful. I'll get my revenge now, though. I'm going to make love to him and you'll have to watch while I have the orgasm that should have been yours."

"That doesn't seem fair," I protested.

"You're right," she conceded. "I just thought of a way you can participate. It turned me on so much watching you give Craig head, that maybe we have invented a new kind of foreplay."

"Call it 'Surrogate Foreplay,'" Craig suggested.

"Yeah, Surrogate Foreplay," Shelly agreed. "We'll divide things evenly. Sandy can have half of my love making. She gets the foreplay half, and I get the play."

Craig had moved up and before I could protest he was kissing me deeply. I realized that they intended to make me hornier and hornier but not let me come. Tied up like I was there was nothing I could do to stop them, and knowing this just made me all the hornier.

Craig kissed my breasts, sucked my nipples, and started licking my pussy. But he always pulled back whenever I was close to coming. Shelly sat on the bed watching us. We obviously turned her on. She sat Indian style and was wiggling softly, slowly but keenly stroking her own clitoris. Craig moved back up my body and started giving me a hickey on my neck. He was totally hard again and rubbing his penis up and down my pussy.

"Please make love to me," I begged again and again. Craig centered himself over me and I gasped as the head of his big penis slipped into my vagina.

"That's the end of foreplay," Shelly whispered. "It's my turn now."

I tried to tighten my vagina around his penis, but Shelly wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him out of me. I tried to pull my hands and legs free. I just had to keep Craig inside of me. It was no use. I was tied too tightly to escape. As Shelly laid back next to me with Craig on top of her, the knowledge of my helplessness sent waves of desire crashing through my body.

It was utter torture laying there while they made love, wishing it was me Craig was making gasp, moan, and occasionally scream. I could stain my neck to watch Craig's glistening penis rising and falling as it thrust in and out of Shelly's pussy. Having just come in my mouth, Craig easily controlled himself to prolong their lovemaking. Shelly came several times and with each orgasm, besides screaming, she would reach out and grab hold of something like a pillow, or my arm or hair. Once, she clutched my right breast. The initial pain, and lingering tingle after she let go, just made me hornier and hornier.

After about twenty minutes, Craig finally came and Shelly had one last big orgasm. Shelly's head came to rest on my shoulder and she laid there a minute whispering. "Oh, he's wonderful. He's wonderful." 

I think she fell asleep, and I was hoping that it was now my turn. In a way it was. Craig touched Shelly and said, "I want to keep on going. I think it's your turn to do Surrogate Foreplay. Only this time, Sandy will be my surrogate."

For the first time all evening, Shelly seemed out of sorts. "But I've never made love to a woman before. I don't know how."

"Sure you do. Who knows what a woman wants better than a woman. Just do to Sandy what you would want done to you."

Shelly nodded and snuggled up next to me. I was apprehensive at first, but what Shelly started doing, however hesitantly, felt so good, I soon managed to relax and enjoy it. Craig was right. Shelly touched and kissed me in all the best places which no guy has ever been able to find.

Soon she was licking the sensitive skin right at the top of my thighs, but I was relieved to find that she was no more interested in giving me oral sex than I was in having a woman eat me. As good as it felt to have her tongue tickling my hips and plowing through my pubic hair, I simply did not want a woman giving me oral sex. Yet all this attention made me unbearably horny. I opened my eyes and turned my head to find that Craig was again fully erect.

"Please," I begged. "I just can't take any more of this. Oh please, oh please. I need you to make me come!"

"I can do that," he said simply. But instead of making Shelly move over and mounting me — which is what I expected and wanted — he untied my right hand and guided it to the back of Shelly's head.

I wanted to push Shelly out of the way so that Craig could mount me and do for me what he had done for her, but Craig had other ideas. Pinning my hand between his palm and her scalp, he pressed her face firmly against my pussy. Shelly had not expected this and for a second her extended tongue slipped into my slick vagina. Shelly quickly withdrew her tongue. She did not want this anymore than I did.

Greg whispered passionately: "I would love to watch you make her come."

I felt Shelly nod resignedly, then I groaned involuntarily as Shelly's tongue timidly tasted my clitoris. She again stuck it hesitantly into me, just the tip at first, then an inch or two, then its full length, making me pant with breathless rapidity. It think Shelly resisted for just a moment, then I felt her whole body tremble. A violent sigh hissed through her teeth as she suddenly began eating me like a shark on a feeding frenzy.

It was wonderful. Shelly knew exactly what I needed, and I quickly started coming. Shelly didn't stop, however, and I quickly came again. And again! 

At some point, Craig had let go of my hand. I no longer wanted to push Shelly away. She did not try to escape from between my legs.

I honestly don't remember, but as orgasm piled on orgasm after orgasm, I'm sure I started screaming like a banshee. I know Shelly did; I think she might have been playing with herself while she ate me. The vibrations of her moans and screams into my pussy served to intensify the pleasure she gave me.

After what could have been five seconds or five hours (Craig said it was about fifteen minutes), I was all spent and managed to coax Shelly's tongue out of my pussy. She was anything but finished. Almost frantically, she crawled on top of me, and using her left leg to pin my arm against my body, she sat on my face.

I still had no real desire to make love to a woman, but tied up like I was, I knew Shelly would have her way. Besides, after what she had done for me, I figured I owed it to her. Reluctantly, I stuck my tongue into her vagina.

And I loved it! I suddenly knew why Shelly had gone so wild after her first taste of my pussy. Not only did its smooth wetness feel good against my lips and tongue, but Shelly's pussy tasted great: like all of sex rolled into a bite size package. As I mentioned earlier, I had always enjoyed oral sex. Now I knew how much better it was with a woman!

Not only did I prefer the texture and flavor of Shelly's privates to any penis I'd ever tasted, I didn't have to worry about gagging on anything shoved or squirted down my throat. I also quickly discovered that women are far more sublimely responsive than are men to the subtle nuances of what I can do with my dexterous tongue, making it all the more fun to do.
