 "How in the hell did I get myself into this shitty mess." Ralph thought to himself. 

He was sitting in the midst of about thirty to thirty five people listing to a bald, fat guy talk about the duties of the neighborhood watch committee they were a part of. Over half were in their 60's or older, the rest around his age of forty three.

Ralph had joined this group as a way to get acquainted in the area. It gave him something to do for four hours, one night a week. He had moved here to escape the cold north and a much colder marriage. He bought a house here from a friend whose parents had died and not wanting to deal with a place so far away let it go cheap, furnishings and all. 

The speaker droned on about their duties. Patrolling the area, watching for strangers, fires, speeders, drunk drivers or anything that was wrong and reporting it to the local police. He went on telling them that they were the first line of defense to their neighborhood. This man, his name was Allen Frost, went on and on about all kinds of stuff.

Ralph dosed off. A slight nudge to his side woke him. "Hay, wake up." A man sitting next to him said. "I know he drones quite a bit, this will be over soon, then we can go for a coffee. I'm Jim Henderson." 

Over a cup of coffee at a local diner they got acquainted. Talked about a lot of things. Jim had moved here 4 years ago, ran a small business in town repairing TV's and VCR's. Ralph told him how after getting divorced up in Ohio, he sold his business and moved here to start over and was looking for a new business to get into. 

Jim was one of the captains in the watch program and told him that about a hundred families lived in the gated community. Only a few belonged to the watch, the rest supported them by paying their expenses and helping out in other ways. Jim said he would show him around on his first tour of watch Friday evening. They could meet at eight o'clock here at the diner.

Friday at eight they met. Jim said that he would drive. "On different nights you will be going with some of the other members but this being your first night I'll show you some of the things that go on around here. The excitement doesn't come from the outside, it's already here." Driving up and down through the winding streets Jim soon slowed down near a house with several cars parked in front of it. "We'll have to come back here later, I'll show you why then." As they pulled away two more cars arrived.

Over on another street they pulled to the side near a fence surrounding the back yard of a house. Getting out Ralph followed Jim around the side where a small gap in the fence allowed them to peer in. Laying on the grass, under the lights around the pool were two people. A man and woman, naked. The man was on his knees, face down between her legs eating her pussy. He must have been doing a good job of it because they could hear her telling him. "Eat me, eat me, eat my hot pussy. Oh, oh, oh, here I come you sweet fucker, oh! More, that's it, I'm cum-m-ming."

While they watched the woman rolled over and raised to her knees and presented her lovely ass to the guy. He knelt behind her and guided his hard cock to the entrance of her pussy. As he pushed in we could hear her say. "Fuck me honey, fuck me good."

Seeing the two fucking like this caused Ralph to get a terrific hard on. He hadn't been with a woman for a couple months and watching this sexy display got him horny. They watched for a while longer then Jim said. "Time to go back to that other place, it will be more interesting than what's here. Let's go see what's happening there."

Around the back Jim parted some bushes which allowed them a clear view of the yard where a dozen couples were cavorting totally naked. They were of all shapes and sizes and ages. From one woman who looked to be in her twenties to an older guy in his seventies. Some were dancing to music from a stereo and the rest were watching while fondling their partners. Women were stroking hard cocks and the guys played with tits and pussies. Not to be selfish they moved around to different partners. 

The young woman was trying her best to get the older man hard by jacking his cock. She sunk to her knees and started to suck on his soft prick. As we watched he responded nicely to fucking her mouth, growing hard for her. She sucked greedily on him and soon was rewarded with a mouth full of his cum.

Two other women got down to their knees to take stiff cocks in their mouths. Side by side they sucked hard cocks for a while then switched to the other man. Seeming to have a race to finish they sucked harder and worked the cocks faster. It was a tie, two cocks spurted full loads of hot cum into two waiting, hungry mouths. So much cum that some flowed out of the sides of their lips and dripped on their tits. 

On the grass near them a man was laying on his back with a woman kneeling over his face, his hands on her tits as he ate her pussy. Two other couples were fucking. Every where they looked there was some hot sexual things going on. A smorgasbord of sex. 

From watching all this Jim's cock was so hard it hurt, he needed relief. Unzipping his pants he took out his stiff cock and started to jack off, he didn't care if Jim noticed or not. Glancing over he saw Jim doing the same. Jim's cock was longer but his was thicker. They worked their cocks until they both splashed cum over the bushes. 

"That felt good!" Jim said. "Lets watch a bit longer and then go." With their half hard cocks still sticking out of their pants they watched the group fucking more. A full orgy had developed. Men and women were fucking and sucking everywhere in pairs, threes, and one group of six all connected together in some way. Women were sucking cocks or eating pussies. Two men were 69'ing. A fucking exciting scene was taking place before them. They both masturbated again spraying the bushes some more.

While driving Ralph back to the diner Jim invited him to his place for lunch. "You can meet my wife and have a home cooked meal. We have a pool and you can swim if you like. See you around noon tomorrow, OK?" 

Ten minutes to twelve Ralph rang the door bell. It was answered by Jim, wearing swimming trunks. "Come on in, we're out back waiting for you. Following him to the rear Ralph looked around, the house was furnished very well. He noticed the touch of a woman in the decor, simple but elegant.

"Have a beer." Jim said, handing him a cold can. "Jill will be out in a second, she went to get her swim suit on."

"Hello, Ralph!" A voice behind him said. Turning he saw a tall, thin, red headed woman, wearing a tiny white bikini. The top was about two inches wide, barely covering her small breasts, the bottom simply a thong covering the front of her mound with only a string up the crack of her ass. "I've heard quite a bit about you, hope it's all true. I'm Jill, welcome to our home."

His mouth opened but no sound came out, he was flabbergasted. Not able to say anything he held out his hand to her which she took and pulled him in for a kiss. The kiss only lasted a second, she pulled back and told Jim to get him a suit for swimming. "Join me in the pool." Then dove in.

Ralph went with Jim and as he changed Jim told him. "Don't be surprised or upset by her actions, she likes to flirt and tease. She's harmless, sometimes." 

Back at the pool side he saw Jill was swimming laps. Seeing them she waved and called. "Come on, get wet with me, it's nice in here."

Ralph glanced at Jim who just smiled and motioned him to dive in. "I'll just watch from here and drink my beer. Enjoy." He said.

Ralph dove in. Under the water Ralph saw that Jill's white suit had become almost totally transparent, he could see every bit of her nice body. From her prominent nipples to her bald pussy lips. As he rose up near her she asked. "Do you see anything you like? I do." As she reached for his cock under the water.

"Don't, Jim will see us, he's right there on the lounge."

"That's Ok, he won't mind. He likes to watch me have fun, just like you two watched the fun last night."

"He told you about last night? What did he say? He told you everything?"

"Yes , everything. He told me about your watching the orgy and how you both jacked off and that you had a nice cock. He told me that I would probably like your thick cock and he's right. I like your hard, thick cock."

Jill had reached one hand inside his suit, wrapped it around his now hard cock and used the other to pull down his trunks. Kicking them free Ralph reached for her tits, brushing aside the flimsy top he bared her hard nipples. "If Jim wants to watch me with his wife, let him watch this." He thought, as he leaned in and closed his lips over one and caressed the other with his hand. Sucking on the hard nub caused her to moan and press his head harder to her tit. "Bit me, bite them, chew my titty, I love it. Treat them rough. Using his other hand he took off her bottoms as they floated away he inserted his thumb between her pussy lips and deep into her love box. Her hot pussy clamped down on his thumb as she shivered into a climax.

"Lets get out of here and fuck." Jill pleaded. "I want to fuck with you."

Following her naked body to the grass, Ralph laid back as she sat astride him and lowered her pussy to gratefully connect with his hard cock. She rode him hard, pounding her body down to meet his up thrusts. "Oh, that's great, fantastic, fuck me, fuck me, oh-oh-ooh. Jill was climaxing almost constantly, she was having multi orgasms, one after another. 

Jim was suddenly standing above them naked, holding his hard, long, thin cock to Jill's lips. Jill open her mouth and sucked him in. Taking the full length deep in her throat she sucked on him urging him to fuck her mouth. Ralph fucking her from below watched as her husband fucked her mouth. Unable to hold back any longer he pushed his cock as deep in her tight pussy as he could and shot off. His first fuck in months and he was loaded. His cum filled her pussy just as her husband filled her mouth with his hot froth

"Thanks you guys, that was great."

While they rested from their fuck Jill explained that they liked to party once in a while just like the people they watched last night. Sometimes she went out on the patrols with Jim or other men and had some fun out there too. She liked cock and wanted as much as she could get. "Jim told me about your nice cock, knew I would like it and that's why he invited you over. Aren't you glad you could cum?"

"Yes." Ralph replied. "I'm glad, and I want more. You ready for more?"

Some time and many climaxes later Ralph left. Invited back any time, he said that he would soon be returning.