 This story contains explicit sexual content - shove off if you don't want to read stuff like that. ;o) All characters are over 18.

A Threesome Among Friends – A True Story

When I was still in high school my best friend was a guy called Mike. Mike had a very pretty girlfriend, Chrissy, that he had met on a night on the town. They had been together for half a year and he kept telling me about their sex life, which obviously had to be seen to be believed. The only thing his stories did for me were to serve as stimulant (although you don't really need much of that when you are 18) for my nightly masturbation sessions, because I was single at that time.

I had met Chrissy several times and we always got along very well, however, I never felt any sexual tension between us at these meetings, so I was pretty surprised when Mike told me one night that Chrissy was fantasizing about a threesome with him and me. The previous week the two lovebirds had seen me in a play our school drama group was staging (I had a crappy part, but I got to wear very tight shorts that showed my – not bragging here – tight ass very well) and Chrissy had really fallen for my butt when she saw me prancing around the stage.

Naturally, I wanted to avoid seeming too eager (and I was very eager), so I hesitated and told Mike I'd think about it. A couple of days later I told him that I would be in. We agreed to meet at his place, because he had a huge room in the attic and thus it was assured that his parents wouldn't hear whatever we did.

The big day came and I rang Mike's bell, scrubbed pink and carrying a bottle of wine to loosen the tension. When I came into his room Chrissy was already sitting on the couch, dressed casually in jeans and a nice blouse. 

We sat down, opened the bottle of wine and began to chat about this and that. Of course the conversation was pretty guarded, as no one knew how to handle the incredible sexual tension the room was filled with. Everybody knew what we were here for, but no one wanted to be the first to broach the subject. Eventually someone suggested playing strip poker and we all agreed, knowing that this would make it easier to get to where we wanted.

A couple of hands later we all sat around in various stages of undress. Suddenly Chrissy, who had obviously had enough of this child's play, got up and announced that she would go to bed now. She said she didn't really mind what we were going to do, she was off to bed. Mike and I watched her take her perky boobs around the wardrobe that his bed was hidden behind. We looked at each other, shrugged and followed her, both of us only dressed in our boxers.

Chrissy was already lying in bed. She had covered herself and when Mike removed the cover we saw that she was now completely naked. She had a beautiful patch of black pubic hair, that she had trimmed a little on the sides so she could wear a bikini. Her small breasts pointed firmly to the ceiling and her arousal had made her nipples stiff. When we saw her lying in bed Mike and I realized that this was for real now. While before that moment my nervousness had prevented me from getting an erection, this sight caused my cock to stand at immediate attention.

Chrissy asked us with a sly smile, if she would be the only one to get completely naked today, and, blushing, we slid off our trousers, suddenly very self-conscious. Chrissy smiled and waved me closer, then she took my hand and put it on her left breast. This was the signal for Mike to kneel down and start to kiss her. His hand soon found her pussy and his nimble fingers soon had her moaning and squirming. In the meantime I had begun to lick her breasts and suck on her nipples, when I suddenly felt her hands pushing me slowly but resolutely downwards. 

As I got closer I had a great view of Mike's fingers pumping in and out of Chrissy's very wet pussy. By now he was also moaning and a short sideways glance showed me why: Chrissy was pumping his stiff dick, which had started to leak precum. He was leaking so much of it that her hand was already wet and shiny. 

When I reached Chrissy's cunt I was not sure what to do. I had never before had oral sex with a girl, I had only read about it. Chrissy sensed my insecurity and reached down to show me where she wanted to be licked. Soon I lost my initial uncertainty and was eating her with relish. Her pussy had a lightly musky taste I just couldn't get enough of and she produced a lot of pussy juice to satisfy my cravings. I had just inserted two fingers into her pussy when Mike pushed me away from her and shoved his dick up her cunt. I had a great view of his cock being pushed past her swollen pussy lips and I couldn't help but give her clit a couple more licks while Mike was slowly fucking her.

However, Chrissy wasn't satisfied with the usual sex, she was determined to make the most out of this threesome. She moaned that she wanted to feel a dick in her mouth and I was all too happy to comply with her request. She started by slowly licking around my dickhead, then she licked along the length and finally she took the head into her mouth. The feeling was incredible! So far I had only had girls fondle my dick, none of them had ever offered to give me a blow job, but, unsurprisingly, I was instantly hooked. I climbed over her and started to fuck her face slowly, while Mike fucked her pussy.

We switched positions after some minutes and Mike was now fucking her doggy style, while I was lying on my back and Chrissy sucked me. I knew that I wouldn't be able to hold off much longer and I told Chrissy, but my warning only made her suck me harder and I came with a shout, squirting a huge load into her eager mouth. She swallowed most of my cum, but my last squirt landed on her face. I lay back exhaustedly and watched Mike fuck her harder and harder. Her face was a mask of desire and my sperm on it made her look very lewd. Mike and Chrissy started to come together in a series of moans and cries of total lust. 

Afterwards we lay cuddling on the bed, Mike and me fondled her cunt that was filled with his jizz. It all seemed so natural, I wasn't even grossed out by touching another guy's sperm. In fact it felt pretty hot to touch her slippery love box and I became aroused again. 

I moved down to her pussy again and started to lick her clit while Mike was still fondling her. After some licks Chrissy moaned and her pussy contracted, producing a large gob of Mike's sperm. Without thinking I licked it up, equally surprising all of us. Their combined juices tasted slightly bitter but not unpleasant. 

Mike got a huge kick out of me doing this and so he moved down to join me and together we thoroughly cleaned out Chrissy's pussy. I later learned that he had occasionally eaten out Chrissy after he had fucked her. By the time we had finished cleaning Chrissy's cunt, my dick was hard enough to drive a nail through a wall with it. I looked at Mike questioningly and after hesitating shortly he nodded. I moved into a kneeling position and slowly entered Chrissy. Thoughts raced through my mind, but none of them made too much sense except one. I kept thinking, that this was the first time I slept with a girl and that I was such a lucky bastard to have such great friends who shared this experience with me.

The feeling I had when I pushed slowly into Chrissy was incredible. She was very wet after having been eaten out by us, so I didn't encounter much resistance on my first stroke. Then her pussy walls started to grip and massage my dick on every stroke, God, what an incredible feeling!

Mike took my position from the first round and fed Chrissy his dick. What an erotic sight it was, Chrissy sucking on her boyfriend with wild abandon while I was slowly fucking her beautiful pussy! After a while Chrissy said she wanted to sit on me and so we changed positions. Mike kept kneeling beside our heads and so I was treated to a close-up view of him having his dick sucked. 

This time he was the first to come (Chrissy sucked a mean dick) and he filled her mouth with his cream. After the first two spurts his dick slipped from her mouth and so my face was showered with Mike's cum. I was surprised by this, but again I wasn't grossed out. The whole scene was so erotic, I don't think that anything would have grossed me out that night. I opened my mouth and for the second time that night I tasted Mike's cum. While he was still shooting his sperm, Chrissy took his dick in her mouth again to collect the last of his seed and then she gave me a long kiss. This in turn triggered my orgasm and the feeling of my hot juices shooting into her pussy set her off, too. Again we collapsed on the bed and held each other tightly.

Please send me your comments.