 Hello. I hope you enjoy my stories. Would gratefully appreciate any feedback.

Sunday is a lazy day. Not much to do so Ralph decide to hit the nearby mall. Just to hack around and explore. In his mid 40's, well built, nice smile, casually dressed, Ralph was a good looking guy and a few women looked at him with some interest.

Just strolling through the mall he accidentally bumped into a woman. As he turned to apologize he saw a rather large woman in a sun dress that was so tight he could tell she had forgotten her bra, her ample tits strained against the thin fabric. About 5'6", she had short blond hair, a beautiful smile on a very pretty face. "OH, excuse me." He exclaimed. "I didn't see you. I'm sorry, are you alright?"

"I'm OK." She replied. "Your cute, you can bump into me anytime." 

"Sorry. Can I buy you a coffee or something in apology?"

"Sure, I'm Sally and you can buy me a sweet tea, if you like. OK?"

Getting seats at a nearby restaurant they talked and got to know things about each other. She was a big woman, must have weighed close to 200 lbs., but very pleasant. Ralph had some trouble trying to ignore her large tits which were on display under her dress with dark nipples showing through the thin material. She noticed his looking and just smiled.

Sally was a widow, had lost her husband two years earlier. Lived in a house just down the street from his. Played cards with a few other women in the neighborhood. When she found out he was on the watch she said that she was too and asked. Do you know Jill and Jim Henderson? They are close friends of mine and I go out on patrol with him once in a while." 

"Yes. I know him and was out with him Friday night and was over to their house yesterday. They have a beautiful place and a nice pool. Both good people."

She laughed and asked Ralph. "I'll bet you think Jill is good?" Then whispered to him. "Do you think she's good fuckin?"

"What?" "Did you have a good time fucking her?" She asked in a low whisper. "I know them very, very well. I've been out on patrol with Jim and have been to their house a few times. So I know that if you were there you made out with her. Am I right?"

"Well, a gentleman never tells." He told her. "Would you like it if I told about screwing you?"

Sally laughed. "You haven't screwed me so how could you tell anyone about fucking me?" 

Ralph laughed back and said. "How would you like to fuck with me so I can't tell everybody about not screwing you?"

"IF you follow me home." Sally replied. "I'll give you something not to talk about. OK?"

Ralph parked his car behind hers in the driveway and hand in hand they went into her house. Just inside he pulled her into his arms, planted a wet kiss on her lips and began kneading her heavy tits with one hand. Sally melted into his arms, kissing back, allowing him the freedom to do as he wished to her.

What he wanted was to get her naked. So stepping back Ralph pulled the front of her dress down, tearing the material and ripping it off her. Exposing a huge pair of tits with large dark aureoles and hard nipples. Both his hands went to her big tits, squeezing then caressing, then squeezing again he worked on them till she was moaning in desire. Leaving her ruined dress on the floor she led the way to the bedroom. Stripping off her panties she sat on the side of the bed. Ralph knelt, spread her legs and kissed his way, starting from her knees up to her waiting pussy. Parting the dark hair with his fingers he exposed the deep pink gash of her pussy, already dripping with the moisture of her arousal. Breathing in the aroma of her hot cunt he licked at the flow of nectar from her. Using the tip of his tongue Ralph flicked at her hard clit. Tonguing it, loving it, faster and faster, he soon had her crying out in passion. MORE, eat me darling, suck me, I love to be eaten, more. Oh-oh Sally groaned out in climax.

Ralph wanted to fuck this big beautiful woman. He wanted his cock to plow into her sweet pussy that he had just feasted on. Climbing up he positioned himself over her plump body. Sally was as anxious as he was and grabbing his hard, ready cock guided it to her waiting love box. As wet as she was he slid easily in, all the way in. He started thrusting, in and out. His balls slapping against her ass with each in stroke. She fucked back with enthusiasm, her tight pussy grasped his cock, milking it, coaxing it to cum. "Oh fuck it baby, fuck me, make me cum, make me cum in your hot box." Ralph cried to her. "I want to cum in you." And he did, a whole lot. 

As Ralph rolled off, Sally twisted around and taking hold of his sloppy cock wet with their mixed fluids, started licking it. After cleaning his cock she sucked it back to life. She wanted more, she wanted to drink his cum. Using a very talented mouth and tongue she soon had what she had greatly desired. A flow of hot, fresh cum. Swallowing most of it before she twisted and kissed him. Opening his mouth he got a taste of his own cum. They swapped tongues till it was all gone.

"Now you have something not to tell about." Sally told him. "Of course if you say anything to Jill and Jim I'll have to tell the truth. They know me." She laughed again. "Maybe we could visit them together sometime." Then she asked. "Would you like to go out on the watch with me next weekend? I like to watch the natives party too."

Promising to get together later, they exchanged phone numbers and Ralph left to go home and rest a bit. He had more pussy in two days than he did the last year of his marriage. No complaints though, it was great. Two sexy women, one thin and pretty. The other big and beautiful. Wow!

Wednesday afternoon Ralph called Sally. "Hi Sally, how would you like to have some more not to talk about?" 

She giggled a little, then asked. "What do you have in mind? Anything special?"

"Nothing more special than just a happy repeat of the other day. If your interested? Would you like me to come over?"

"Sure, I would love to have you CUM over. I have some friends here now but they will be leaving shortly. Come on over."

Two cars were parked in front of her house when he got there. He knocked at the door. Sally opened the door wearing a twin to the dress he had ripped the other day. It also showed off her big beautiful tits. "Come on in, my card playing friends are here but they won't bite, at least not too hard." She giggled again.

Sitting around the kitchen table were three women. Sally introduced them. June, a tall blond, a bit thin with huge tits covered with a halter top. Rachel, big, almost a twin of Sally, dressed in the same type of dress, no bra either. Last was Sandy, small, she couldn't weigh much more than 100 lbs soaking wet. Dark hair framed a cute pixie face. They were all on their late 40's or early 50's. A mix of types of women. 

They were playing Pinochle and each had a glass of lemonade in front of them. Sally asked if he would like one too? As he took the first sip he noticed it was laced with vodka. "Wow, that has got a kick to it. Good on a hot day like this."

Ralph pulled up a chair and watched as they continued their game.

"We will be out of your way in a few minuets." Sandy said. "And then you can have some privacy for your fun."

"That is if you want privacy. Or we can stay, if you would like us to." Quipped Rachel.

"Your choice." Added June. "Sally spilled the beans about you."

Ralph was astonished that Sally told about their escapade. "You squealed on me? What did you tell them? I thought a gentleman doesn't tell?" 

Sally laughed at his embarrassment. "I'm no gentleman." She told him. "Don't worry, we're all good friends here. We share everything, especially sexy things like what you and I did. June doesn't get enough sex at home. Hubby is too busy playing golf. Rachel's man is impotent, can't get it up half the time. Lucky Sandy has a hot stud that wants it twice a day. She shares him with us once in a while."

"This could get interesting, very interesting." Ralph thought. He looked at the women again wondering if he could survive having sex with them all. "Do you want to finish your card game or would you like to start a new game?" He asked with a smile.

"I'm for a new game." said June, standing up and removing her halter to reveal to all her huge tits. They had some sag to them but looked terrific to him. Pretty pink areolas with hard nipples. She was excited with this new game.

Within a few minuets all were completely naked. Ralph was completely surrounded by naked female flesh. Rachel was as big as Sally with huge tits and good sized ass. June's big tits overpowered her slim waist and legs. Her pussy was bald. Sandy, naked was smaller than he thought, her tits were tiny bumps on her chest with 3/4 of an inch long pink nipples. Tiny waist, cute ass. Her pussy was her most appealing feature. Her mound was lightly covered with dark hair, the split peeked out from under, inviting a kiss or a cock. 

Four hot and ready naked women and one guy sporting a hard cock. A recipe for good fucking fun for them all. Ralph, not sure where to start with these lovely women just stood there, feasting his eyes on all the exposed flesh around him. 

Rachel was first to reach for the nice, hard love handle that was Ralph's cock. She started to move her hand, slowly working his cock. Ralph reached one hand for June's great tits and the other to Sally's. Sandy knelt to suck in the cock that Rachel was jacking on. With his hands full of tits and his cock in Sandy's mouth while Rachel masturbated it was almost too much for Ralph. 

"Stop for a while, I don't want to cum yet. I want to eat some pussy. Who's first?"

Moving to the living room he had the women set on the couch, side by side. Sitting on the floor in front of June he spread her legs and licked at her bald pussy for a few minuets then moved to Sally. Next was Sandy, soon he got to Rachel. Each pussy tasted different but all four were delightful. He went back to June to start over. Then back again. None had climaxed yet but Rachel was getting close and she reached to Sally, pulled her over and pushed her head down to her over heated pussy. "Eat me hun, finish me, make me come. Please finish me." 

Rachel started to climax almost as soon as Sally's lips touched her clit. "That's it, OH-oh-h oh I'm there , I'm coming." She collapsed back on the couch. 

"I'm next." Sandy told Sally as she spread her legs wide. Sally moved to her pretty pussy and started eating her too. 

Ralph figured that these ladies were used to doing each other like this. No problem, he liked the idea of being with this sexy group of women like this.

He hadn't cum yet and wanted to fuck one of these pussies. Having June scoot forward on the couch he rose to guide his cock to her bald cunt. Her pussy seemed to suck him in. Rocking forward, plunging a stiff cock into her slick pussy they started to fuck. He needed to cum, he wanted to cum in this wonderful pussy. June moaned with several comes. Plowing deep and faster, more and more, he could feel that he was getting close to finishing. "Here I CUM." He yelled and shook as he sprayed her insides with his spunk. Still hard he kept going, continuing to fuck her sloppy, wet pussy, lubricated with his cum as she climaxed several times more. Ralph again spurted into her overflowing cunt.

When Ralph pulled out Sally moved in to clean June's dripping pussy. She licked out every drop of his fresh cum. Helping June to have another climax.

After resting a while Ralph laid back on the floor, had Sally ride his again hard cock with Sandy sitting on his face so he could eat her. Sandy rode Ralph's face while he toyed with her small tits and hard nipples, they were very responsive to his touch. She loved to have them played with. She also loved to have her pussy eaten and Ralph was doing a good job on her. Sandy bucked and twisted to the probing tongue that was giving her so much pleasure. 

Being on top of a man with a stiff cock in her pussy was great for Sally. She liked fucking like this, it gave her control over the speed and depth of the cock. She liked it fast and deep. She rode hard and fast, enjoying the fullness of a cock in her tight pussy. She could feel the throbbing of his cock as he started to cum. Gratefully she came with him, groaning in pleasure.

Sandy had climaxed several times on Ralph's tongue, finally enough, she rolled off to catch her breath. "Wow, that was great. You eat pussy better than my hubby does and he is good. We should invite him to be here the next time we get together." She said. "He's screwed the other girls a few times but not in a bunch like this, he would love it."

"You allow him to fuck them? Why?"

"Why not? They're my friends. Mark takes great care of me and he loves sex, I'd rather have him fuck them than run around elsewhere on me. He also knows that we have our girly parties once in a while. He lets me have some extra fun too."

Hearing some moaning, Ralph looked around. Sally was laying on the floor, her legs spread wide with June slurping on her wet, cum filled pussy that he had just fucked. Rachel was sucking on one of her huge tits. These women were something else.

Thy spent the rest of the day lounging around, still naked. Occasionally touching and kissing one or another. The women took turns sucking on Ralph's cock trying to arouse him again. He was able to rise to the occasion a couple times but was soon fucked out.

Dressed and ready to leave he kissed them all goodbye. "Don't forget we are on patrol Saturday night, rest up for it." Sally told him as she turned back to join her three naked friends.