 KARI TAKES A YOUNG LOVER

The first time with Pete was when he had turned 18 years old. Kari liked Pete's shyness and he was uncomfortable alone in her presence. Kari often caught him checking her out and once she caught him peeking over the fence when she was sun bathing topless at by her pool. He worked for a landscaping company and was working in the neighbor's yard. Kari invited Pete over to her house to discuss landscaping work and she made her move. Kari had him sit in a chair while she undressed in front of him. 

"Is this what you wanted to see Pete?" Kari asked and then reminded him, "I saw you peeking at me over my fence."

Pete just nodded yes again. Kari looked in his lap and she saw the outline of his impressive cock against his pants. She loved teasing the teenager and watching his reaction and Kari decided to make a game of it. 

"Pete, do you want to take your cock out and play with it?"

"Yes!" Pete gasped.

Pete stood up and quickly unfastened his belt and trousers. He pushed his trousers along with his underwear down to his knees and his vibrant erect cock sprung forward. Kari smiled as the impressive organ danced in front of her and it was all she could do to keep from grabbing it. Pete took hold of his cock and began to stroke himself as Kari paraded around naked.

'Pete would you like to touch my bare thighs?"

Pete just nodded and reached for Kari's bare skin above her stocking tops. He gently caressed her skin and he felt tremors run through his body. He kept stroking his cock with one hand as he caressed Kari's thighs with the other. Kari felt as if he would cum at any minute.

"Pete would you like to touch my pussy?"

Pete gasped in surprise and again nodded the affirmative. Kari took his hand from her thigh and placed it on her vulva and he just rubbed it gently. 

"Kari, your pussy is getting wet,"

"That's because you are getting me excited too," Kari sighed.

Kari then reached for Pete's cock. She took his hand off it and replaced it with her own and Pete gasped aloud. He felt her soft delicate hand wrap around his thickness and glide up and down his shaft. He continued to rub Kari's pussy and stroke her thighs using both his hands now. Kari loved the feeling of the youthful cock in her hand. 

"Kari, I'm really getting excited. I'm think that I am going to cum soon," Pete rasped.

Kari went right on stroking his cock as he wanted him to cum. She wanted to see him shoot as she loved to see young men ejaculate their seed in the air. Pete stopped rubbing Kari's pussy and his body tensed just before cum spurted from his cock. Kari felt the surge travel through his shaft and watched it spew into the air. Four or five ropes of semen shot into the air and landed on her wrist and his pubes. Pete's cock continued to ooze cum from its tip and covered Kari's hand. She continued jerking him off until every drop of cum had left his shaft. Pete then watched in amazement as Kari licked cum from her hand and wrist. Kari swallowed the sweet tasting dick juice that she licked from her hand as Pete watched her. Kari wondered if any of Pete's girlfriends ever did that.

Kari told Pete to kneel in front of her. He stared right into her bushy pubic hair and pretty pussy. Pete gently probed her opening and wormed his finger past her labia into the deep warm wet recess of her vagina. Kari showed him how to find her clit and how to stimulate it. Pete was going wild with desire and he reached for his cock to stroke it again.

"Pete you got me excited and I need you to make me cum just as I made you cum," Kari reminded him.

Pete knelt back down and resumed his fingering of Kari's pussy. He flicked his finger over her clit as he fingered her pussy and he soon had Kari squirming. Kari's body stiffened and then her hips flailed as she drenched his fingers with her love juice. Pete watched as Kari's body moved uncontrollably and her hips thrust with intensity. Kari then went limp where she stood as her body was momentarily drained of all energy. Pete removed his fingers from Kari's pussy and looked at them.

"Lick them and taste me as I tasted you. Lick them dry," Kari whispered.

Pete had finger fucked some high school girls but her had never tasted their juice so he tentatively licked his finger sampling the taste of Kari's love juice. He did not find it unpleasant so he then licked all her juices from his fingers. Pete then realized that his cock was hard again and he stood up in front of Kari. She looked at him and saw his cock standing at attention in all its splendor and she pulled Pete toward her. She smiled at him and held his cock lovingly.

"You have a beautiful cock and I am going to enjoy sucking it," Kari said in a very sultry tone.

Pete was speechless as he watched Kari lower her head and engulf his cock in her warm sensuous mouth. He gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. Kari deep throated him and he felt her lips touch his pubic hair as she swallowed his entire cock. No one had ever done that before Kari and he almost lost it at that moment. Kari continued to suck his cock and she swirled her tongue around the shaft and nibbled the head driving Pete crazy. Kari sensed that he was close to blowing his load again and she cupped his tight balls and massaged them as she tightened her mouth around his cock. That did it and Pete could feel his cum travel from his balls through his scrotum as he started to cum.

"Oh shit, here it is. I'm cumming again," he screamed unable to control his language.

Kari stayed glued to his cock and swallowed every drop of his seed as it rushed into her mouth. Pete came in droves and Kari had to swallow quickly to keep his seed from running out of her mouth. Pete could not believe how Kari worked his cock and swallowed every drop. Kari was pleased with his youthful discharge as she expected him to cum as much as he did the first time. Pete shot quite a load in her mouth almost as much as he did with his first load of the day.

Kari sucked and nibbled and teased Pete to no end. Finally he begged her to stop and he sat back down on the bed to rest and recover. Kari slid next to him and turned his face toward hers. She kissed him deeply plunging her tongue into his mouth allowing him to sample the after taste of cum. Pete reached for her and took her in his arms. Pete fingered her pussy as they kissed. Kari told Pete to take off all his clothes and join her in the bed. Pete stripped off his clothes in record time and by the time he got into bed his cock was rock hard for a third time. Pete's cock was throbbing by the time Kari joined him in bed.

"Now you're going to eat my pussy, Pete," Kari announced and added, "I'll teach you how to do it. Once you learn this all the girls will be dying to go out with you."

Kari stretched out on her bed and spread her legs. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Pete to see. Pete just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the bed. Her long brown hair spread across the pillow, her firm tits and hard nipples stuck up in the air as her voluptuous body was splayed before him. Kari held her arms open to him and then guided him to her body as he leaned in toward her.

Kari coached him through every move and Pete buried his tongue in Kari's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Kari directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Pete was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Kari squirming and tossing on the bed. Kari moved her legs over Pete's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Pete held on to Kari shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy. It didn't taste any different than when he licked his fingers before and he was really getting into it now.

"Oh, oh, yes right there. You got it. Suck it, nibble on it eat me, oh!" Kari cried out.

Pete continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. Pete massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Kari was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Pete's face and calling for him to eat her.

"Put your finger in my ass," screamed Kari.

Pete had never put his finger in any one's asshole before and he hesitated. Kari told him to get it wet in her pussy and then put it her ass. Pete stuck his middle finger in Kari's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Kari's asshole and shoved it in. Kari gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon adjusted to Pete's finger buried in her ass. Pete pumped his finger in and out of Kari's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Pete loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Kari's ass and he wondered if she took a cock in there too.

Kari stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Pete's face. Pete held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Kari's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Kari kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed. Pete slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Pete finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Kari legs. Pete followed Kari's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.

Kari smiled at him and said, "That was marvelous. You did very well for your first time. Now put your big cock in my pussy and fuck me!"

Pete leaned forward and aimed his cock at Kari's pussy. He slid in easily to the hilt and reveled in the warmth of her cunt. Pete began to pump his cock in and out of Kari's pussy as she wrapped her shapely legs around his back. Kari pulled him in with her legs and positioned herself so that her clit was in constant contact with his cock. Pete began to pound Kari's pussy and Kari humped her hips back at him just as hard. The two of them fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning. Kari had another orgasm but continued to fuck Pete toward his third. Kari lost count of her orgasms before Pete finally filled her pussy with his spunk. 

Pete stiffened and then thrust into her each time he felt his cum ejaculate. Kari rocked with him and she clenched her cunt muscles squeezing every drop of cum from his cock. Pete collapsed on her body as he felt the last surge of cum leave his cock. Kari held him tight as he relaxed his body. Pete had never felt so good in his life. He couldn't believe his good fortune in fucking a woman like Kari. He wanted to fuck her forever.

Kari rolled to her side and Pete rolled with her. They held to each other and gently caressed each other's sweaty body. Kari pushed Pete on his back and then she kissed her way down his chest passed his stomach to his cock. Pete gasped in surprise when Kari took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of their combined juices. Then she moved up his body and kissed him deeply shoving her tongue in his mouth again. Kari wanted to be sure that he got to taste both of them and that he shed any inhibitions that he previously had.

They cuddled together in bed and talked for a while and Pete got another erection. Kari then noticed that Pete was hard again and she touched his cock with her foot causing him to flinch in surprise. Kari loved the resiliency of youth and she was always surprised just how many times they could cum in one day. Her pussy needed a little break so she decided that she would take him in her ass. She was in the mood for a god old fashioned cornhole.

Kari smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved some lubricant from the nightstand and handed it to Pete. Kari then got on all fours and directed Pete to lube her ass. Pete got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her curvy ass. Kari rotated her ass in arousal as Pete inserted a second finger into her bung hole. He was in disbelief that she was actually going to let him fuck her in the ass. Pete knew that people did this but he had never even thought of it before now.

"Okay I'm ready for your cock Pete, fuck me in the ass but go slow," Kari directed.

Pete knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Kari's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Kari used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Pete's cock in her anal sheath. Pete caressed both of Kari's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Pete picked up his pace as Kari squeezed his cock with more intensity.

"Cum in my ass, I want your cum in my ass," Kari cried out.

Her words sent Pete over the edge and he fired his fourth load of the day into Kari's hot ass. Kari felt the warm sperm coat her rectal passage, a feeling that she never tired of. She squeezed her anal muscles and milked Pete's cock dry of every drop of cum. Pete continued to fuck her slowly until his cock softened and slipped from her ass. Pete just looked at her beautiful ass and watched as trickles of cum ran out of her ass down her thighs and across the lips of her pussy. Kari marveled at Pete's capacity to cum. She had never been with anyone who could produce so much semen in one day. He was a like a machine but then again he was only 18 years old. 

"Oh what a glorious cornhole, you did so well."

Kari collapsed on the bed and Pete lay next to her. They stayed together for some time before Kari told Pete to shower with her. He loved washing her and caressing her body. Pete got hard in the shower with Kari and she let him put his soapy cock in her soapy asshole. They fucked until he managed a fifth ejaculation. Kari then rinsed his seed from her ass and they got out of the shower and dried off. Pete then got dressed but Kari opted to remain naked. She reminded him that this was their secret and he was to keep his mouth shut if he wanted to see her again. 

Pete left the house sexually sated but he was already thinking about telling his co-workers about Kari. He knew his two buddies were fucking Beverly another older woman in the neighborhood. Pete was sure that his buddies would like Kari and then maybe he would get to fuck Beverly. Pete didn't know it but at the moment he was fucking Kari, Brent and Trace were having fun with Beverly.

INSATIABLE BEVERLY

At 36 years of age she was still a knockout. Beverly worked out all the time and kept her 34-24-35 body in tip top shape. She was 5'7" tall and weighed 125 pounds. She liked her 34b sized breasts with their firm hard nipples. There was very slight sag to her breasts but they still looked good. They had a slight curve to them which caused her nipples to point upward. They were very sexy looking breasts and the boys always went crazy of them especially when her nipples got hard and extended over ½". She stayed in shape swimming laps at the country club and at her home pool. She preferred the club so she could show off her body to the young studs.

That day while Kari was breaking in Pete, Beverly had her sight set on three of the young who worked at the club. Catching their eye and winking at them she headed for a storage area near the pool. The three young men caught her eye and they knew what she had in mind. She waited in the storage area and as she did she got horny waiting for them. She slipped her hand inside her bikini bottom and played with her pussy as she awaited their arrival.

Beverly knew the three young men as they were all going to be seniors in college this fall and they were in their early twenties. Beverly then realized that her hand was still in her pussy and she seductively removed it. A young man named Joey cupped her pussy with his hand. Beverly then felt her bikini top whisked away leaving her completely naked in front of the handsome naked well-endowed men. Beverly felt a hard cock brush against her buttocks as another young man named Andy moved behind her. Andy wrapped his arms around Beverly and grabbed her tits as he pulled her close to him. Joey dropped to his knees and pried her legs apart so that he could lick her pussy. Beverly groaned as she felt a male tongue touch her pussy a feeling that she dearly loved. Andy dropped down behind her and began kissing her buttocks. Beverly knew that her juices were flowing and her pussy was sopping wet. Beverly was excited that the three young men found her so desirable.

With Joey eating her pussy and Andy rimming her asshole, Beverly was on the verge of a massive orgasm. When Brad stepped in close and began sucking her tits and nipples that sent her over the edge. She covered her mouth with her arm to muffle the sounds of her climax as she drenched Joey's face with her female love juices. Beverly had trouble standing as she orgasmed and the men lowered her slowly to the floor onto mats that were stored there. 

Andy lay on his back and Beverly was guided to straddle him and lower her pussy onto his big erect cock. Beverly gasped as the cock slid easily into her pussy and filled her womb. Andy was just about the same size as the dildo that she had at home. Joey knelt in front of Beverly and presented his cock to her mouth. She managed a brief smile before taking his cock in her mouth. Andy continued to fuck her from below and fondle her tits as she sucked on Joey's cock. Brad was already erect and he thoroughly oiled his cock before kneeling on the mats behind Beverly. Andy held Beverly tightly pulling her down to his body and causing her ass to rise slightly. Joey held her head firmly between his hands as he fucked her face. Beverly felt some sort of liquid enter her ass and then she felt a finger enter her asshole. She flinched somewhat but she was held in place by Andy and Joey.

Brad aimed his cock at Beverly asshole and began to push in. Even though Beverly had her asshole oiled by Brad's finger and he had lubed his cock, the fit in her ass was incredibly tight. Beverly groans were lost on Joey's cock. Brad had about half of his cock in her when Beverly moaned loudly and tossed her head from side to side.

Brad's cock worked its way deeper and deeper into Beverly's ass. Everyone had remained still until her ass was penetrated and now the three young men picked up the pace again fucking Beverly in all three of her orifices. Beverly went with the flow content to be used as they had intended. The three men had established a rhythm and their cocks were now gliding easily in and out of Beverly's holes. Brad suddenly stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into her ass. Her asshole was flooded with his cum. The warm liquid did feel somewhat soothing in her ravaged asshole.

Brad pulled his semi-hard cock from Beverly's ass and she could feel the cool air of the room touch her anus. She also felt his cum trickle out of her ass and run down between her thighs onto Andy's big balls. Beverly had just started to relax and focus on the two cocks in her pussy and mouth when she felt another cock at her asshole. Another young man had joined them and took advantage of her open hole. Beverly had no idea who was in her ass this time as it was impossible to see him. 

Once again Andy and Joey held her securely as another cock was pushed into her ass this one a little longer and thicker than the previous one. Once again her rectum was stretched to accommodate to the new intrusion and once again Beverly experienced the same feelings, initial discomfort transitioning to bloating and cramping and then the feeling of fullness. The three men again established their rhythm and worked Beverly's body. This time she felt Andy stiffen and shoot his load into her pussy and right after him the young man in her ass ejaculated. Her holes were flooded and drenched with male seed and as she felt the hot cum flowing into her holes Joey caught her off guard and came in her mouth.
