 In the days following the second party, I fell into a new routine. Every morning I left the bathroom door open so that Grant and Eve could watch me whenever I was at the sink, and every evening I turned on several lights so that they would have a clear view of me as I undressed. And in both instances, I began or finished in the nude. It was only fair because they too made sure Ross and I could see them naked just as often.

For all of our nonchalance about our nudity, we did not continue to watch each other during sexual foreplay, much less while making love. Ross and Grant might have been comfortable taking that development further, but Eve and I didn't feel the same after that one night. The two of us enjoyed the thrill, but also felt it was a bit overwhelming and wanted to slow ourselves down.

Which is not to say that we succeeded in slowing down. In hindsight, I can see that Eve and I were just waiting for another push, and perhaps that push would not have occurred if our further step into voyeurism and exhibitionism had been kept secret from the others.

The guys must have talked again, and Eve and I knew we would be interrogated whenever the opportunity arose. That came at another lunch date with Amy and Katie. We invited Marcia and Gretchen, but they couldn't make it. Amy told me she thought Katie would be especially interested in comparing notes with Eve and I.

"What makes you say that?" I asked.

"You remember that story they told at the party about their beach adventures and that other couple? I think there's more of that story we haven't heard."

I wondered if she would try to pry as much out of Katie at lunch as she would out of Eve and I.

Knowing my sister, I didn't need to wonder. We had barely sat down when Amy asked, "So, Katie, if I overheard correctly at the party, Aaron shaved his pubes at the beach too?"

Katie may have been a little surprised that we weren't talking about the other stories she probably heard from Aaron, but she didn't deflect Amy's prying. "That's right, he did."

"How did you talk him into that?"

"Well, it wasn't me so much as others."

Katie did not immediately continue, and Amy waited only a couple of seconds before she practically demanded, "Others? Oh, come on now. You can't leave us hanging in suspense. Out with it."

"Okay. I guess it's not something I can't tell you guys. I mean, we've partied naked together, and some people here at this table have done even more, I hear." So the guys must have talked, and she knew.

She must have seen a blush come to my face because she said, "Don't be ashamed, Nora. It sounds like fun. And if anyone here should be ashamed, it would be me, and I ain't ashamed."

Katie got to pause to collect herself when the waiter came, but she didn't hold back after that. "We told you about the other couple that were near us on the beach that one day, the couple with the husband who didn't hide his erection while putting suntan lotion on his wife. Well, one thing that made his penis all the more attractive was that he had shaved his pubic hair off. I'd seen a few men similarly smooth, but only at a distance. This guy was pretty close by."

Eve asked, "So that's the inspiration for getting Aaron to shave?"

"I'd have to say he was more than inspiration. Remember, I sort of made Aaron get up to put suntan lotion on me so that this couple could see his erection too. He didn't want to, but I insisted that it was only fair. Anyway, they must have liked what they saw because they moved over closer, right next to us, and struck up a conversation. With four nude people, two women shaved and one man shaved too, you can imagine the talk was not just about the weather and good places to eat in town. In fact, the first thing they said was that they'd seen us the day before and noticed how much more relaxed we were."

"Because you were there after shaving off your pubic hair?" Eve asked.

"Right, once they knew we were the same couple, Abel, the husband, said he could not be certain before because he thought he recalled that I had pubic hair. I nodded, and he complimented me on my smooth look. Then Liz, the wife, said she was happy to see Aaron being just as bold in his way, letting his erection show. Aaron said he didn't know that was allowed on the beach."

Amy said, "I don't have any experience there, but I thought nude beaches had a strange sort of prudery when it came to that."

"Well, they seemed to know what they were talking about. They assured us that the section we were in had its own sort of unspoken rules. Sure enough, no one seemed to care. Other parts of the beach were more crowded, so everyone must have known these unspoken rules. And not every guy joined in. There were some who showed off, and there were some who just wanted to look. We had several people pass by, including a few couples Abel and Liz must have known. They'd stop and talk awhile, and Aaron and I would just sit there. All these people got to see us, and we saw plenty too. Some of the men noted that I had shaved, so they remembered me from the previous day. I was surprised at how these guys watch lots more closely than I guessed. Anyway, my bald look was quite a hit with the men, but Aaron got his share of compliments too." 

I said, "Sounds like someone's basement I know, so I guess I shouldn't act shocked. Still, I can't believe that you actually talked about pubic hair. I mean discussing shaving with people you just met, even if you are nude with them. And isn't there a problem if, you know, an erection lasts more than four hours?"

"Well, they tend to come and go, but Aaron's never softened for too long when the talk was, at first, all about hair and shaving. Liz told how she liked the feel and made no secret of the fact that it encouraged Abel to go down on her more. Abel quickly agreed and added that Liz enjoyed going down on him more also. And I remember how he kept saying, 'Ah, but there's more!'"

"What did he mean?" Amy asked.

"He called it 'the flower's petals.' He claimed that a man's penis, with or without pubic hair, was what he called 'a silly looking thing,' but for a woman, to shave meant that everyone could see 'the flower's petals.' And he then looked right between my legs and lovingly described my labia. It was kind of embarrassing and very flattering at the same time. I mean, I shaved myself so that anyone could look at my sex, and here's this guy paying such tribute to it, just a lot more close up than I'd expected. And then he invited Aaron to look as closely at Liz's 'flower.'"

"So then what?" Eve wondered.

"First, I think Abel was fishing for compliments, and Liz and I went along with it, saying we would never describe a penis as silly, even if it doesn't resemble a flower. Liz had more to say, adding that one without hair looked 'more alive, more raw and fleshy,' and she told Aaron that was all the more true for a big penis like his. He said he didn't know that he wanted to try it, but they insisted he ought to, if only to let me experience the difference."

Amy said, "And that night you shaved him, right?"

"He was shaved that night, but I didn't do it. On the beach, we talked so long to Abel and Liz that we lost track of time. They suggested a casual dinner in their room so that we could stay together and talk more. They even suggested we come straight there and use their shower to rinse off. You might not believe me, but before I knew what was happening, Aaron and I were sitting in a hotel room with these new friends in the nude. We didn't even cover up for the room service guy."

Eve was astounded. "You stayed naked?"

"It's not as if we hadn't all seen each other already. Besides, Aaron and I didn't have anything else to change into. And as I said, things were happening before I knew what we were doing."

Amy interrupted, "So get back to the shaving. You said you didn't shave Aaron, so who did?"

"That happened in a hurry too, even before the room service came. We accepted their invitation to rinse off in the shower, but we weren't left alone in there. Liz was getting towels out, and Abel was just standing in the door. In a drawer where Liz got a fresh bar of soap, she had a package of razors, and she offered us one, pointing at Aaron's pubic hair. I was nervous and didn't think I could do it right, and all of a sudden, Liz is in the shower with Aaron saying she'll show me how easy it is. The way she did it, it certainly did look easy."

"And a lot of fun too, I bet," Amy said whistfully. Then looking at Katie, she said, "Sorry, I was just remembering Aaron's penis and thinking how it would be to hold it."

"She got to hold it alright. She took a great deal of care in spreading the soap and taking the razor gently through his hair and over and under his scrotum, all the time moving his penis to one side or the other. Aaron never got a say in the matter, but I could see he was enjoying it."

"And afterward?" Amy pressed.

"Liz was right. His penis looked raw and alive with all the freshly exposed pale skin around it."

"And afterward?" Amy repeated, a little exasperated.

"She dried him off." Amy gave Katie another impatient look. "Okay, later they persuaded us to play around a bit." Katie paused only briefly, knowing Amy would get it out of her sooner or later. "With some coaching from Liz, Aaron stretched out on the floor so I could kneel over him and sample his new penis in my mouth."

Eve let out a gasp, and Amy just stared, waiting for more. "Liz was right about that too. With no hair in the way, I took more of him into my mouth. I was so into it I almost forgot about being watched."

"Almost?" I asked.

"Well, I could hardly ignore them since they were right next to us and then doing the same thing. Watching each other added to the excitement, so we were kind of set up for more. And don't you two act innocent now," pointing to me and Eve. "You know what a turn-on it is to be watched and to watch. Anyway, that night I remember hearing Abel repeat his line about the petals and 'Ah, but there's more.' That's when he moved behind me and started to touch my petals, as he called them, as if getting ready to enter me from behind. And before you ask, no, I didn't stop him."

I asked, "What did Aaron think?"

"He had his penis in my mouth. He wasn't thinking anything." We all laughed, but she soon added, "Seriously, we did exchange a glance, so I knew he could tell what was going on. He didn't try to stop anything, so I just shifted a bit to one side so Abel could get behind me more easily. It was incredible. Having both of them inside me was like nothing I ever felt." She went on, "A short time later, Aaron got do the same with Liz. Seeing the three of them was another rush, not as intense as two men at once, but very nice."

I felt a shiver run up my spine. Trying to act nonchalant, I said, "Oh, is that all?"

Everyone laughed, but Katie had more to say. "There's no use in not telling, I guess. Actually, that isn't all. The next day we spent with them on the beach, and when we came back to their place again, one other couple joined us. It was a man and his wife we met on the beach earlier, ones that Liz and Abel knew and shared their open attitude about that part of the beach. That meant I could have two men at once and watch Aaron with two other women at once. I feel a bit strange about that night because, even though I have nude pictures of all of us together, I don't remember the names of that other couple. Still, maybe that was part of excitement."

As I listened, I kept thinking that here was someone not that different from me who really experienced what I could only vaguely imagine, and I was thinking too that she didn't seem to be any worse off for the experience. The rest of the lunch passed by in a haze.

I do remember a couple details, though. First, that Katie and Aaron were inviting all the couples to their home next week. Katie said, "This time, what you show is what you share." Turning to Amy, she asked, "Still think you'd like to get your hands on Aaron's penis?"

Amy was suddenly a bit quieter, but she finally did nod her head.

Prodded by the others to say whether I would come, I said I wasn't sure. "Ross may have something to say about it."

Katie then asked, "Wouldn't you like to get your hands on Keith's penis while Gretchen played with Ross's? You may have thought you were being sly, but I noticed the game of peek-a-boo you were playing at that first party. A couple of nipple slips and a little penis poking out of boxers, all by accident, of course."

Then after a pause, I admitted, "Okay, I let Ross make me expose a breast, but I think it really was accidental for Keith and Gretchen. Anyway, who am I kidding? Ross will want to come, and I suppose I will if he will. I mean, I've let my strap fall below my breast at one party and bared all at another, and I thought I could never do either."

The second thing I remembered was that Amy told me as we left, "You know, I was kidding before, but maybe I really will be getting into bed with Ross before this over."

I said, "What about your wish to get your hands on Aaron?"

"That too," she laughed. "It would be fun to have a choice, don't you think?"

As promised, the invitations circulated among all the couples, and Ross and I had a conversation. Surprisingly, that talk didn't take very long.

Ross spoke first. "What do you think? Ready to join the club?"

"Aren't we already members?"

"I guess we are, but membership rules seem to be changing."

"You really want to do this?"

"I can promise you one thing. If the rules of the club change, one rule that doesn't change is the one in our marriage. I love you and will always love you."

I did not need to hear more. In my own mind, I felt the same way. After taking off all my clothes in front of our friends, I had made a distinction between the thrills of the sexy play with those friends and the thrills of the love I knew with Ross. Just like that, I was ready to go to the next party. 

In only a few days, we were at Katie and Aaron's home. Leading up to the occasion, I lost some of the ease of mind and felt some trepidation. Not only was I still nervous about being naked again, I also wondered how many men would be having sex with me. Katie had anticipated this latter concern and had a plan.

"You guys should know from the start that practically all women outside of porn films don't think a gang-bang sounds like fun. So we're going to take it slower here and enjoy ourselves without trying to fill every opening with every man, okay?"

Her announcement was met with nervous laughter and some relief. I think the men were relieved too, knowing they wouldn't be expected to perform over and over again all night.

Katie went on, "The first item on the agenda," and she held up a disposable razor. "It may be cold outside, but we can shed the fur in here."

I should have expected this might come up, and the idea of losing my pubic hair did not settle my nerves any. And then came the next surprise. Katie had supposedly drawn names out of a hat and paired up couples to shave each other. She and Aaron would be with Bob and Marcia.

"The biggest penis with the biggest breasts," I thought to myself.

Grant and Eve would be with Amy and Jerry, meaning Amy would have to wait to get her hands on Aaron's penis, and meaning that the only couple left for Ross and me was Keith and Gretchen. If Katie was claiming to have made these pairings randomly, it seemed to me that she was really trying to put people together like in seating arrangements at a large table to encourage conversation about shared interests. Bob and Marcia were, afterall, their nearest neighbors. Amy was my sister, and she and Jerry also shared window views with Grant and Eve. And she had seen the so-called peek-a-boo we shared with Keith and Gretchen, not to mention Keith's desire to date me years ago. In a way, no matter how she did it, Katie had come up with the logical pairings for a party that otherwise had no logic.

In their family room, furniture had been pushed to the side, so we all plenty of room on the floor. Washrags, bowls of warm water, scissors and razors were distributed, and one can of shaving cream was available for passing around. Katie had indeed thought of everything.

Except for how we were all supposed to get our clothes off and get started. I guessed I was not the only one with butterflies in my stomach

Even Katie was a little hesitant about what to do next. She and Aaron were the hosts and the ones with more experience in these sorts of things, though I imagined it was different for them with neighbors this time.

"Well," Katie said abruptly as she approached Bob, "I think I'd like to see you bare and take your hair. You'll find I have some stubble to clean up too." It may have been awkward, but it broke the ice. She began unbuttoning Bob's shirt while he fumbled with her blouse. Aaron and Marcia were taking turns, his shirt and then hers and so on. Once they were removing clothes from one another, Amy wasted no time in helping Grant undress, and Jerry and Eve kept pace with them.

Keith and Gretchen came over to Ross and me. Gretchen said, "I'm glad we're together for this. I mean, I'm about to collapse from nerves, but I'm happy that you two will be with us this first time."

It was a sweet thing to say. After that, though, my attention turned to Keith. No doubt he was feeling the same anxiety I was, and he asked me, "So, how do you want to do this?"

I was compliant again, like that time Ross took my nightgown off me while Grant watched from across the way. Without speaking, I raised my arms, letting Keith understand he could take my sweater off. He set it aside and paused, as if waiting for me. All around, the others were in various states of undress. In that moment, I saw Amy, in only her bra and panties, remove Grant's underwear, leaving him the first one nude.

I told Keith, "My hands are shaking too much. You can keep undressing me until I'm naked."

I did not have to ask twice. While everyone else was nude or nearly so, we took our time. Keith stepped to my side so that the others could see my undressing better. He had my full cooperation as he continued to remove my clothing, turning to give him easier access to my bra clip, holding my arms at my side to let the straps come down, lifting one foot and then the other without prodding so my slacks and finally my panties came off more easily. I knew that when taking his clothes off him, I would be touching his bottom and penis. So, as he proceeded, when his hands brushed across my nipples as he pulled my bra away, or when his hands lightly passed over my bottom as he pushed my panties down, I accepted his touch. And when I was nude for him and the others, I accepted their stares.

It took me a moment to look up and see everyone else, including the fact that Gretchen and Ross were also bare. The attention was not what I wanted, yet there was no way to run and hide. As quickly as I could, I unbuttoned and untucked Keith's shirt, tossing it aside. To take his pants, I knelt. His belt and zipper opened, I pulled his slacks off easily. His boxer shorts came off just as simply, only very slowly. I inched them lower, forcing his penis to bend down and then spring up when finally released. It brushed my chin, and after he stepped out of his pants, I took hold of his penis and gave it a kiss, even letting it part my lips slightly.

Katie said, "You never know about that Nora. Last ones naked and first ones naughty."

That gave everyone a laugh and relaxed us all. I looked at Ross and saw his smile, which relaxed me even more. Put somewhat at ease, I was able to lie on the floor with Keith between my legs. A few snips, a gentle application of a wet washcloth, a mildly ticklish spreading of shaving cream, and several very careful strokes with the razor was all it took. I could look down my body and watch Keith's face so close to my vagina, and I could enjoy the sensations.
