 We choose this house, as it seemed like a bargain for the size. We also liked the fact that it was a new neighborhood being developed and we were one of the houses on the cul-de-sac next to the woods. Little did we know that after building just two houses that the economy would go flat and construction would halt. Now it was just our house and its twin next door.

My wife Jenny and I had lived there for about six months before the other house sold. We were away on the weekend that the new owners moved in. That week we noticed lots of movers and deliverymen, but never saw the new owners until the weekend. We were hoping for a couple around our age, mid 30’s and we were right. However, the couple was not man and wife, but two women. It turns out Tammy and Marie were both in their early 30’s and had been a couple for over two years. Tammy, a tall stunning blonde, was a writer and worked out of a home office. Marie, beautiful in her own right with her straight black hair, was a massage therapist. They also like the new housing development and their house’s somewhat isolated location. They wanted to let us know that they were having a fence put up next week and we should not be offended, they just wanted to assure privacy for their new hot tub, incase the neighborhood building resumed. 

That week, a crew of men worked sunup to sunset installing a 6-foot tall privacy fence around their back yard. Tammy came over to tell me that the hot tub would be delivered Friday and gave me a key to the gate so that we could use it anytime we wanted. As she handed me the key, she told me that suits would be optional. I wasn’t sure how to take that comment, but the thoughts that ran through my mind were less than pure. 

I had taken Friday off to work on some research for a graduate course that I was taking. Sure enough, the fence was being finished, as the tub was being filled, Friday afternoon. There was a gate between our yards and I walked over to see the new tub. The gate was open so I just walked in. Tammy was outside supervising the finishing touches and was wearing a white robe and sandals. She told me that the tub would be hot enough in the morning and asked if Jen and I would like to help them break it in. I told her that I would be spending the day in the library, but would check with my wife about coming over tomorrow night. Tammy thought that this was a good idea, as Marie worked on Saturdays until 4. We decided to have a BBQ to celebrate our new friendship and the new hot tub. Tammy gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and told me “it’s a date”. It was an innocent kiss except that when she bent over to kiss me, her robe parted and her naked breasts nearly fell out. Tammy noticed my surprise and reminded me that it was a private yard and suits were optional. She never made an attempt to close her robe and I left to resume my research.

I had a hard time concentrating on my research as the vision of Tammy’s breasts preoccupied my thoughts. We had converted one of the upstairs bedrooms into a den, and I now thought of the possibility the view from the den window, into Tammy and Marie’s backyard, may afford me. I tried to put these thoughts out of my head and concentrate on my work, but I couldn’t help but notice Tammy sunning herself topless after all the workers had left. By the time Jenny got home from the office, I was as horny as ever. I met Jenny at the door with a passionate kiss. She responded back with a passion of her own. We ate a late dinner that night after having sex on the living room floor. I didn’t tell her what had aroused my passion and never mentioned the view from the upstairs window.

Saturday morning I got up early and after showering and a quick breakfast, I headed to the library. I had put this project off long enough and now had to finish my research and my paper before the end of the semester. Jenny had told me that she was going to catch up on her e-mail that morning and then lounge around the house until I got home. I did tell her of the invitation to Tammy and Marie’s for the celebratory BBQ. 

Upon returning home around 3:30 that afternoon, I couldn’t find Jenny. Her car was there, so I figured she couldn’t have gone far. As I went room to room in the house looking for her, I happened to glance out the window in the den and found Jenny sitting in the Jacuzzi with Tammy. I went over to let them know I was home. The gate was unlocked, but closed. As I entered, I found the two of them drinking wine and unwinding. Tammy invited me to join them. I told her that after a day pouring through books and old journals it was just what I needed. I was about to go home for my suit when Tammy sat up so that her breasts were above the bubbling water. She smiled and reminded me that I didn’t need my suit. I looked at Jenny for her reaction and discovered that she was obviously topless also. I wondered how much wine these two had consumed. I figured why not and started undressing on their patio. Tammy poured herself another glass of wine, which finished the bottle. As I stepped in the tub with my cock semi-hard, Jenny volunteered to go over to our house to get another bottle and two more glasses. As she got out of the water, I discovered that she was naked. I watched her as she stepped out of the tub and put on a robe for her short walk for the wine. The sight of my naked wife caused my cock to harden the rest of the way. I was thankful for the bubbling water to cover up my obvious arousal.

Marie came out on to the patio before Jenny returned. I was worried how this would look if she could see me sitting naked in her hot tub with her girlfriend. She didn’t seem to mind. She came over, said hi to me and gave Tammy a very passionate kiss. She then finished off Tammy’s glass of wine as Jenny came back through the gate and closed it. Marie and Jenny exchanged hellos and then Jenny offered her a glass of wine. Marie accepted and the two of them sat at the nearby table talking and drinking the newly opened bottle. Jenny asked Marie about her work and Marie explained to her about her work as a massage therapist. Jenny told her that it sounded fascinating and that she would have to hire her sometime. Marie told her that she would love to give her a massage, but that she never would charge a good friend. Marie then asked Jenny if she would like a massage now. Jenny agreed and Marie went to get her portable table and oils. Tammy and I continued to enjoy the comfort of the warm bubbling water.

Marie had Jenny take off her robe and lie down on the table. She then draped a towel over her and started the massage at her shoulders. As she worked her way down her back she would fold back the towel. Marie told Jenny that she had a lot of tension in her back and should consider regular massages. Jenny moaned her approval as Marie continued down her back.

As I was watching Marie work on my wife’s back, I didn’t notice Tammy slide around in the tub until she was right next to me. She reached under the water and grabbed my cock. She whispered to me that Jenny wasn’t the only one with a tension problem. I guess my mind was wandering as Marie worked her magic on my wife’s naked body. I continued to watch as Tammy stroked my erection. I was afraid to move and draw attention to our actions as I was unsure how Jenny or Marie would respond. I also didn’t want her to stop. The hand job that Tammy was giving me was magnificent. She used just the right amount of pressure to keep me at the boiling point but not enough to bring me off. I’m not sure how long this continued as time seemed to stand still and nothing else seemed to matter to me right now except the wonderful feelings that Tammy was giving me with her hand. Tammy broke the spell by whispering to me that she wanted me to sit on the edge so that she could finish me off. 

As I moved out of the water I noticed that Jenny had rolled over on the table and that Marie had her face buried between my wife’s legs. From the movements of Jenny’s head and the sounds that she was making, it was obvious what she was doing. She was eating my wife’s pussy and my wife was enjoying it.

My attention was quickly brought back to my own needs by the incredible feeling of Tammy sliding her lips over the head of my cock and all the way down the shaft. Even though I am only of average size, this was the first time that any woman had ever deep throated my cock. The pleasure was intense. With the efforts of Tammy’s mouth and the sights and sounds of my wife being eaten not 10 feet from me, I knew that I would cum soon. I announced my impending orgasm to Tammy and she swallowed my length again and moaned. The vibrations of her moaning around my cock set me off and I shot off down her throat. At nearly the same moment, I heard Jenny scream out her release.

As my breathing started returning to normal, I slipped back into the water. Marie must have slipped off her clothes as she and Jenny had joined us in the Jacuzzi. Marie handed me a glass of wine and smiled. I noticed that her face was still covered with the juice from my wife’s pussy. Tammy explained to us that she and Marie had hoped that after meeting us we could become more than neighbors. Tammy told us that she is bi-sexual and was attracted to both Jenny and myself right from the start. Marie prefers women only, but doesn’t mind sharing Tammy with the right man once in a while. Obviously, she thought I was “the right man”. 

I looked at Jenny and she smiled at me. I asked her how her massage was and she told me that it was the best one that she has ever had. She told me that there wasn’t a drop of tension in her whole body right now. I told her that Tammy also had very talented hands and her mouth was rather talented too. This made us all laugh.

The four of us then raised our glasses to toast the start of a great friendship.