 Big shout out to Blackstallion21 for helping edit and proofread my rookie mistakes. 

***

Synopsis: This is a reflection of a three-way with me, my girlfriend Sharon, and a guy she knew from high school named Frank. I was at first reluctant about actually doing anything together, guy to guy, but Sharon has that effect on you where it sounds so erotic, you kinda forget about taboos for a while. 

*****

Sharon and I dated exclusively for a few years and although she loves me to this day, she also found love with another man (not Frank). We went back to just being friends with benefits... 

Sharon and Frank had fooled around a few times over the years, but always 1 on 1... When she briefly told me about their last time together after we split up, as far as where they went and such, she was very shocked when I asked her for details if they did anything sexual... Although she was reluctant, once she started with details of her weekend away with Frank, she could see how turned on I got... We fucked SO hard that night as I tried to reclaim her. 

The idea of her and I and another man always got her so wet and horny in bed when I'd talk about it and we'd role play with her toys. We knew we had to pull the trigger. So, we set the date and the 3 of us had a wonderful time over drinks, till late, and then invited him back to her place. We spoke of the rules before leaving. Sharon didn't want there to be any jealousy or apprehension... Say the word and it'll be over she said... 

Shortly after getting back to her place, Sharon said she needed to lay down for a bit, as she was a bit dizzy, from all the drinks. Frank and I stayed up, talking for almost an hour, me showing him pics of her and me, and just general sexual things, when I told him to wait in living room, till I called him in, and I went into bedroom with her. Obviously, when I woke her up and started playing with her. I got my head between her legs and started licking her pussy lightly. I paused to tell her how much I thought about Frank fucking her. She thought Frank had gone home and really got into things with me. But, after a few minutes, I stopped what I was doing, looked in her eyes and then I called him in. Her eyes got real wide as Frank walked in naked, with his cock hard and sticking straight out. He was just a tad longer than me, but nowhere near as thick as me. She immediately went for his cock and started sucking him, as I kept licking her. 

Frank said after a few minutes that he didn't want to cum in her mouth and he tapped me on the shoulder and got between her legs. I moved to the side of the bed and Sharon was puzzled for a moment, but then realized that I wanted to watch her get fucked (something I had mentioned a few times to her). Frank made her get real close with his mouth, and decided he wanted to fuck her right there and then. After an awkward moment of putting a condom on, Frank stuck his cock slowly into her and she moaned, telling him how big he felt in her. He fucked her for a good 10-15 minutes, in different positions/etc., which seemed to take forever, before unloading into the condom which was deep inside of her. She came hard 2 or 3 times, looking into my eyes each time that she did. 

I was so horny watching them, it was hard not to stroke, because I knew I'd cum too fast, and I wanted to fuck her after. I wanted to feel her pussy stretched out from fucking him. When he finally got off her, I got between her legs and she stopped me. She needed a short rest, because she had cum so much. 

Frank suggested to her, "Do you want Jon to lick your pussy again for awhile before he fucks you?" 

She said "oh yes' immediately and spread her legs back open. I proceeded to move down and start licking her again. The wetter and more excited she got, the more her pussy would leak, which I gladly licked up. 

After a few minutes of me licking her pussy very, very slowly, she had a nice slow burn of an orgasm. She groaned and closed her legs around my head as she had a gyrating climax, grabbing my hair and rubbing her pussy all over my face. After that, I was so hard and horny to fuck her, it almost hurt. I didn't ask, I just got on top of her, and stuck it in her bareback. As I was fucking her, Frank stood next to the bed and offered his cock for her to suck, and oh boy, did she. This was right directly in front of me, as I was on top of her; missionary position. 

After a min or so, Sharon said to me, "Suck him hard with me", as she had a hold of his cock, she offered it to me. I was a bit reluctant. 

She prodded me along by adding, "I know you want this to happen, baby... Suck him." I was so in the moment from fucking her. I opened my mouth and took the head of his cock in my mouth. The feeling of fucking her slick silky wet pussy after him, AND feeling his dick get hard again in my mouth, was like an out of body experience. I stopped sucking Frank while I was gasping for breath from fucking her. I finally unloaded deep in her pussy. She grabbed my ass and pulled me into her as deep as I could go. All the while that I was cumming, she was still sucking Frank. 

Sharon said to him, "Oh, it looks like having Jon suck on you while he came inside me made you real hard." 

She told him she was ready again. I got off of her and Frank immediately fucked her again, this time with no condom. She came two more times, telling him how much bigger he felt in her. She was moaning and acting like a porn star, which was for both of our benefits, until he unloaded again in her. 

We all drifted off to a drunken sleep shortly after that, her between him and me. It seemed like only minutes after my eyes closed that I heard his phone alarm going off, and him mumbling that he had to go into work. I told him I knew how he felt, sat up, and got out of bed too. Sharon was still sleeping and barely moved as we got out of bed. I got a soda and was waiting to use the bathroom when he came out of it, just wearing his boxers, and carrying the rest of his clothes along. I got him some OJ and he started going into how hot the night before was, how he always loved fucking her any chance he got, how wet she always getst, how he loved sucking on her tits and kissing her/etc. It was difficult not to feel up my cock in my shorts, but as he and I talked, I could see him doing the same. 

He went on to say how he loved when Sharon had me suck his cock nice and hard again, and it was too bad that he had to wear a condom the first time because I didn't get a chance to taste them together on his cock... I didn't know what to really say to that except, "...really?" That's when he pulled down his boxers enough to pull his cock out and said, "Oh hell yeah! Look, I'm getting hard again just thinking about it." And he was getting harder second by second as he was slowly started stroking it. Whatever it was, the story or the mental pictures, etc. I could not keep my eyes off of his cock. He said that he wished Sharon had woken up with us, but since she didn't, "Do you want to take care of this for me before I head out? Why don't you suck it again for me now? You did a really good job last night on my cock with that mouth of yours last night for a few minutes. You want more now, don't you?" 

Well, let me tell you, there's a fine line with your feelings and emotions to do that as a straight guy during a threesome as I was balls deep in my girlfriend. But, I remembered how good it felt and tasted in my mouth. I made my mental decision and got down on my knees in front of him. Frank's cock twitched when I got close to it... I went to grab his cock with my hands and he said "oooh... No hands..." So I just opened my mouth and bent down a little farther and sucked just the head of his cock into my mouth. He hissed through his teeth as I sucked the head and moved my tongue over it. He got so hard and so fast in my mouth and I could feel every throb and hear every moan... 

After a few minutes of me just sucking and licking the head of his cock, I felt his hands on the sides of my head. He held my head still and slowly fucked my face. He went a little deeper every few strokes. I couldn't take him all, but he seemed to really enjoy making me gag a little bit. His hands fell away and I immediately started sucking him just as deep... It seemed like I couldn't resist his cock in my mouth. As I sucked and worshiped his cock, he kept moaning and telling me what a good little cocksucker I was, and not to dare stop... His moans increased in volume and tempo which made me try and take him deeper. I finally was able, with all the spit and precum he was leaking, to get his cock down my throat. 

He grabbed my hair and kept fucking my throat with the last 1-2 inches of his cock. His hips were a blur and my throat was full of cock until he finally said, "OHHH man, here cums more of my cum for you to eat." His cock expanded in my throat, and thankfully he pulled enough of it out so that just the head was in my mouth when he exploded. He filled my mouth up with so much cum. I swallowed as much as I could, but I'm sure I wasted some. Just as he was slowing down and I thought he was done, Frank said, "Wait... there's more..." He pulled his cock out of my mouth and stroked it inches from my face. He looked down and asked me through gritted teeth, "Do you want more of my cum, slut?" I nodded as I was trying to catch my breath. He grunted and said, "Here's another present for YOU..." He jerked his throbbing cock a little more, and shot a smaller, but thick, load onto my face and my open mouth... I swallowed his cum and licked the head of his cock clean. I kind of sheepishly went to the bathroom, feeling a bit embarrassed at what I had just done. But, not wanting to wait around for the post orgasmic awkward chit chat, Frank left before I got done cleaning my face off... 

So... With my mind reeling, I crawled back into bed... After sleeping a little while longer, we both woke up and I confessed to her what had taken place in the kitchen... She got so turned on from hearing the details that we fucked again. All the while Sharon was talking dirty about how she can't wait to suck cock with me again and watch me take it all solo. Maybe we could talk Frank into being our Dom and we could both serve him whenever he wanted... Hmmmm...