 This story includes male on male anal sex plus a wife getting double penetrated. If it offends you please be warned now.

I want to share the fantasy of a bisexual story that flips my fancy. It includes man on man, and wife swapping all for the pleasure and experience for everyone involved. Enjoy.

*****

I'll tell the story of coming out as bisexual to my wife at another date, or maybe not. Its been something that's been know between us for awhile now but never been explored together until now.

We had been hanging out with the neighbors for awhile then. They were a young couple, unmarried, the woman Jaime had a child that hung out with our child on the same street. So we usually had beers on the porch and talked of life lived and what music we liked, books we were reading and how our days went on a regular basis. We got close over the few years we hung out together, mainly just being in the neighborhood watching the kids play swords, or ride bikes and play in the sprinkler...how idylic. Underlying all our hanging out and being together over the years was a sexual tension between all four of us.

Nico was a bit punk rock, a bit skateboarder and a chef to boot. He was fit as most young men that have a steady metabolism are, handsome and emotionally pretty open. She was a bit flighty, a good mother, an avid reader, and curvy as a mother that doesn't work out tends to be, but being in her early 30's and having good genetics gave her a leg up on body parts staying northern bound. Jaime had a great round ass and beautiful full tits with a tiny waist.

Now my wife Cailyn has style in spades, and her body is amazing for a 38 year old mother. Its also curvy in all the right spots. Neither a work out queen w a tight body nor a woman that let herself go. She has 34c tits that still stand up on their own and a great full ass with a tiny waist and stands about 5'6" and 135 pounds. The apple of my eye in all ways.

Im Gavin and I stand about 5'8" with an athletic build that over the years has been shaped by all the outdoor hobbies I love.

It all started as we were sitting around drinking a few beers inside their house and the subject turned to sex. Mainly talk of ass play for men. My wife was at home so it was just the three of us. Jaime said Nico took few fingers from her in his ass, and we were all laughing about how good it feels to have a prostrate orgasm and how much it shook our legs as dudes. 

Then she said "I tried to fuck him with my strap on, but he wouldn't do it." 

He said "Hey it was a big fucking dildo." 

Oh yeah, Jaime is also bisexual and has lived with women on and off a bit in her life. Thus the reason she has a strap on harness. Which the opposite reason my wife and I have a strap on set up. But to the point of the conversation.

Being a bit buzzed I blurted out " I bet I could take that dildo!" 

Couldn't believe I said it, but there it was. They looked at me with wide eyes, and then we all laughed a bit nervously. I asked if it was bigger than his dick. He said no, so we all jus kinda looked at each other with knowing eyes.

A few days later I went to their house by myself and Nico and I set into motion this bizarre scene that we were gonna make into a reality. We sat down for a few beers and I said "Hey man, we both know what we were talking about the other night, right?"  

He says, "Yeah, Im pretty sure we do." 

I then asked him if he would be into putting on a show for the ladies and treat them to a night of pleasure that they wouldn't forget. 

He said, "Whatcha got on your mind then bud?"

We set a night up over a weekend while our kid was at his grandmas and Jaime's child was with his father. We were all good with having an entire night and next day to execute our plan. Both women were told to get themselves dolled up as though they were going to a wedding or charity event or some other thing that requires one to be in a mode of dress that feels classy. And underneath to wear something very sexy. Something that would make them feel like they're hiding a sexual secret...matching underwear and bras or leather, or lace or garters and stockings. You get the picture, but it had to be something they chose to make themselves feel heightened sexually.

Then we told them to get ready together at Nico and Jaime's house and to come to our home when we gave them a call. While they got ready and drank some wine, he and I set about getting my house ready for a grand show for the ladies. We brought the dining room table up from the basement and set it for dinner for two with linens, candles and all the accoutrements that go with that sorta thing. He started cooking a meal with tiny portions of delicious food. He's a chef for god sakes. But they were small portions so the ladies wouldn't feel to full or bloated for the nights events. And to feed the feeling they were going to be dining alone with a show of some sorts that they had no idea of. At the end of the meal was an amazing small chocolate cake for them to put a bit of aphrodisiac in their solar plexus.

We also set up a nice futon at the end of the room beyond the table. It was a high table and chairs and they could sit comfortably and look towards the futon. Thats where the show was to take place.

We got done setting everything up and looked at each other. 

"Well this is it holmes, you ready to get it on in front of the ladies?" he said.

I said "Ready as Ill ever be I guess". 

My insides were so fucking fluttery. My mind was reeling in the fact that I was about to have sex with a guy in front of my wife as a gift to myself and to her in showing her my deepest fantasy. And as the night progresses, hopefully I would also get to share my wife with another man and be inside another woman for myself. Kinda all n all a group pleasure experience, bacchanal in essence, where everyone tries something new and gets off.

The ladies came inside the house dressed in heels, stockings, and beautiful dresses. Both of them just gorgeous. We have them sit down at the table and told them we will be back with their dinners and to help themselves to the wine on the table. As they sat in the dim candle light Im sure they were like..."what the fuck are they doing and why is there a futon in the dining room?" We go back to the kitchen laughing like school kids to ourselves. They have no idea whats in store for them. Once in the kitchen we both strip down to nothing and put on black cock rings around the base of our cock and balls. I start getting a slight hard on and his dick immediately starts growing. I mean really growing. His dick is about 7" long and nice and thick, just protruding away from his body like a flag pole. We burst out laughing as we grab their plates. Fuck this is crazy but we were committed...deep breath and out the swinging door, nude...with hard ons and dinner!

The look on their faces was brilliant. A mix of genuine surprise, grand humor and slight lip licking lust. 

We said "Ladies, dinner is served, we will be your servants this evening and your entertainment." 

We put their food down in front of them and then stood on opposite ends of the table. They both kept looking under the table and laughing and basically not believing what we were doing. They ate and we all talked for a bit, had some wine, and got them more of anything they wanted. 

As they got to about the halfway mark of dinner he and I looked at each other and nodded. The girls were, Im sure wondering what that was about. We both stepped away from the table walked to the futon and sat down. Both totally hard at this point from anticipation and novelty of the situation. We took a bit of lube into our hands and started to stroke our own dicks. His dick looked amazing, and mine... a bit smaller than his looked pretty fucking good glistening in the candlelight. At this point the girls didn't laugh, they just watched with a sort of baited breath. They did continue to eat with their hands and just eyed us with a bit of astonishment. And then the lust in their eyes started to show. My wife smiled at me and then looked at Nico and his impressive cock and smiled a bit more. Jaime looked at me and just shook her head and looked at Nico and licked her fork.

Just then he and I stopped touching our own cocks and I looked directly at my wife and wrapped my hand around his dick, as he did the same to mine. It was the weirdest feeling. It was familiar and yet completely foreign. Touching another mans dick was pretty amazing. I stroked up, rubbed his cock head and slowly stroked down with a firm grip to the base then back up in a twisting motion using my thumb to caress his cock head and and back. He did pretty much the same. We were both so worked up and hot that each of us were sort of pushing and slowly twisting our hips up and meeting each others stokes with trust and abandonment. I know I had my eyes lowered and half my lip was in my teeth. This was one of the most erotic things Ive ever done.

Ive wanted to experience this for awhile now and that it was actually transpiring was fucking mind blowing. 

After a few minutes of the pleasure of hand play and watching our ladies eyes and reactions to our mutual masterbation we figured it was time to bring our show to the beginning of the crescendo. Little did I know that earlier in the day our Nico had set a hook in the ceiling and affixed a small chain and cuffs to it. He stood up and grabbed them from where they were tied up and looked me in the eyes. 

He said to me "These are for you to just let go." 

I stood up and put my arms up as he put the velcro cuffs around my wrists. 

I was facing the table with my arms slightly bent and cuffed, he stood behind me and grabbed more lube and squirted and ample amount in his hand. He embraced me with one arm around my torso and took the lube and other hand and smeared it all up and down my ass crack and slowly used one finger to open my asshole. He kissed my shoulder and slid in another finger. Thats when I bent forward a bit relying on the chains to hold me up and and he gently finger fucked me with two and then three fingers. God damn I though I might freak out at the actuality of this happening but I just let go and let it happen. I didn't have to do anything.

As a man thats always been with women, and usually the instigator, sex is mostly a "doing" sort of thing. We do to women, we have the outer appendage and we do the fucking. As a woman its a receiving sort of thing, they receive the penetration...I know some women that are forceful and take charge and fuck a man aggressively but its usually men doing the fucking and a woman being the receiver. This was wholly different than anything Id ever experienced. Just an exercise in being passive and being pleasured. Hell, talk about vulnerability, here I was tied up, finger fucked by a buddy in front of his girlfriend and my wife. Who by the way were completely mesmerized by the scene.

Nico then took a seat on the futon and lathered up his cock with lube as it kept pointing at his navel, and reached forward and held my thighs and pulled gently beckoning me backwards to put my legs down on the futon resting on my knees above his dick in a reverse cowboy position.

I got comfortable with my arms now stretched above my head and sat just above his throbbing dick. Both Cailyn and Jaime were watching intently. And thats when I saw that both girls were somehow touching themselves. My wife had her cloth napkin stuffed between her legs and was making a sort of humping motion with it and was gently caressing one of her tits through the thin fabric of her dress. The neighbor had her legs crossed tightly and kept squirming in her seat. And I was about to sit on another mans dick and take him inside me...what the fuck!? 

So I positioned myself atop his cock. He steadied his dick with one hand and guided my ass down with the other. I felt his cock head right at my hole, he slid it around a bit and then in one movement, like arrow head he hit the target and split me open. First it was the head and crown just passing through the sphincter and then slowly but firmly the middle of his pulsating dick, and in the next moment all the way to his balls. Nico's entire dick basically just passed through all the different muscles in a quick but gentle shove right into me. I felt so fucking full. As it was happening all I could do was bear down and just allow him to enter me. I threw my head back in pain and pleasure and sat down as he drove up. Fuck it felt fantastic. And thats where we sat for a few moments, both of us blown away at the searing electricity that flowed between us. Both of us moaning in an ecstatic nature. His was an ahhhh style moan, mine was more guttural, and unnnnggghhh in correlation to his. 

And in the distance I heard both ladies whisper "oh my fucking god." 

Then I heard my wife say "I had no idea Id be so turned on watching two men fucking."

He slowly and purposefully started gyrating his hips and started to pull out a bit and slide in more, pull out more and slide in to his balls. To say that I was enjoying it would be an understatement. 

My head was lolling back and forward, mouth open, eyes shut. "Uuuunnnnnggghhh, god!" 

Just loose in all measures of my body. 

I started to squeeze my sphincter muscles around him and started riding his cock like women had ridden me over the years. Id squeeze on the way up and pull, then loosen for the down stroke, I was picturing that I could pull the cum out of his balls in my mind, and then I just tightened up all the way through both strokes. My eyes were closed tight and I was rolling my hips and riding high till his head almost came out and Id tighten up and squeeze all the way down and just grind my ass into his pelvis. FUuuuuuuck it was good.

Thats when I felt someone in front of me and I opened my eyes. I looked straight into my wifes eyes, she put her forehead to mine and nose to nose she softly put her lips to mine and kissed me in the most loving way. 

She then said "I love you so much." 

Backing away a bit keeping eye contact she squatted down in front of me and grabbed my dick with one hand and licked my cock head. Again, like being entered by my neighbor, she engulfed my cock with her mouth and sucked my dick with wicked abandon. Fuck me, being filled up and sucked at the same time is the ultimate feeling of pleasure and loss of control.

After a few minutes she stood up and turned around away from me. She reached down and pulled her dress up over her hips to reveal her milky ass framed by black garters and legs covered in black stockings. Backing up and easing herself onto my lap, she reached around and grabbed my cock and aimed it right at her pussy. 

She goes "now for the ultimate!" 

She sank down on my dick, simultaneously reaching up grabbing my chains to steady herself. My god, here I am bound up with a pretty sizable dick fucking me from behind and my dick slathered in a wonderfully wet and sloppy pussy. Unbelievable.

They fucked me like no one has ever fucked me. Both of them taking turns powering into me using different rhythms and different strokes. Sometimes they both came at me at the same time, his dick slamming into me up to his balls as she sat down harder and harder each time making them both connect with my body at the same time. Other times he'd pound into me as she drew off of me and then she'd push her pussy down as he pulled out. Occasionally they'd stop and Id moan and move like I was in heat, just yearning for the movement so Id fuck her and impale myself with his cock. It was wholly exquisite. 

Thats when my wife jumped off me, turned around and undid my cuffs. She pulled me up off his throbbing cock, which left me feeling a bit woozy and unfilled. But she laid me down on the futon and lifted my legs as she grabbed his dick and positioned it at my ass again. Then, she grabbed his face as he started to enter me and slammed him with a fucking kiss. A kiss that was just as passionate as any shed given me. Just a lustful garnering of passion, she stuffed her tongue in his mouth and bit his lips, completely making out with him. And he was holding her head and kissing her back just a much. She swiveled a bit still kissing him over her shoulder and straddled me so my dick would slide right in. I was just amazed. 

Again, he was sawing in and out of me with his cock, she was lavishly smearing pussy juice all over my dick and balls unknowingly. The sounds in the room were the squishy sounds that only wet pussy, sweat and slamming bodies can make.

And then I see a pussy over my face. Jaime figured it was time to get in on the action. I had no idea what she wore to feel sexy because she was completely naked and about to sit right on my face. As she straddled my head I saw her grab my wifes face and plant a huge succulent kiss on her lips and my wife grabbed a handful of her tits and mauled them as they made out! Thats when her pussy landed right on my mouth, and it was already dripping and leaking lady cum.

Now this was the fucking ultimate!!

A sensual assault launched by an army of four.

Two women kissing and mauling each others bodies and each one had their pussies being licked and fucked, a man sawing into the ass of another man. And one man...me...the pinnacle, the principal of pleasure. Thats what I had become at that moment. The pleasure principal, the focal point for all the pleasure in the room. Taking and giving, and receiving. 

Unreal. At one point after I couldn't deal anymore. I started to scream and buck underneath everything. Jaime started to moan and tighten her thighs on my face and in a massive liquid spewing motion she came with an intensity I haven't seen in another person in ages. My wife started to really fuck me with no realization of anything but her own orgasm on the horizon. And by god my buddy even seemed like it was time to cum.

The neighbor fell off my face and sort of crawled to the side and trembled in aftershock orgasm. My wife threw her hands down on my chest bracing herself for the impending orgasm. She threw her head back and screamed bloody murder while Nico bit her shoulder while he kept fucking me. 

The three of us slowed temporarily to catch our breath. 

I felt Nico pull his dick out of my ass with a pop. I immediately felt pressure on the underside of my dick. I looked at my wife's face flush and red, nostrils flaring like a horse that just ran a race. Her eyes became wide and she made an O with her mouth but kept her eyes staring at mine. And I felt the looseness of her well fucked pussy tighten up around my cock. Nico had just pushed his cock in her ass. 

Holy shit, now my wife was getting fucked by two men at the same time. He took no time to let her adjust. Maybe all the heat and passion had loosened her up so much that it didn't matter. Because now she was the one howling and moaning, lolling her head around like a woman possessed. My cock in and out of her pussy and his bashing in and out of her ass, just slamming up against her ample butt cheeks. This was now another exercise in the ultimate. Both of us just sawing in and out of her. He held her waist with his arms around her and his chest laying on her back. I had my arms around her head pulling her close so we could kiss. But she couldn't concentrate, couldn't kiss, her head tilted sideways, hair a sweaty mess, breathing erratically and chest and face flush red, basically all she could do was drool into my mouth between gasps and howls. 

My god she is beautiful when she gets fucked I thought.

Thats when Jaime grabbed her head and kissed her so hard as we all just continued to fuck with reckless abandonment. 

It only lasted a few minutes. We were all a sweaty, salty mess of raging hormones and sex just blasting away on a futon in candlelight. Being together in a mass of pure pleasure.
