 (Author's note: all characters in this story are pretty clearly over 18.

Many thanks for Rose_A_Leigh for her help in making this a better story and for her patience with a newby!)

###

Surprise is when you walk in your front door after catching an early flight home from a business trip and you find your rather busty next-door neighbor coming to greet you wearing only your wife's short kimono not quite wrapped around her very tantalizing chest. Shock is when you hear a noise in the back of the house and you brush past that hot neighbor on your way to the master bedroom, only to find your wife riding said neighbor's husband like he was a bucking bronco and she was the best damn cowgirl at the rodeo.

My wife and I had been in our house for almost ten years. It was a nice place but we hadn't made a lot of friends among our neighbors. Most of them either hung out with the other parents with kids the same age as theirs (we forgot to have kids ourselves) or they were retirees that spent time together while the rest of us were working. This wasn't as much a problem for me since I had friends from work that I hung out with from time to time. But my wife Kerri did consulting from her home office and didn't really have a lot of face-to-face interaction with anyone other than me, which was not a situation she relished. We'd considered moving to a different neighborhood a number of times but had never gotten around to it. So we were encouraged when Christy and Tim moved next door. They were a few years younger than us (early-30s) but that didn't seem to get in the way of us getting to know each other. Tim was a tall good-looking guy, easy-going, and his wife was just ridiculously cute. She was short, not much over five feet tall, with an open, round, always-smiling face framed by shoulder length, reddish-brown hair over equally round tits and derriere. She had an infectious laugh that we heard often when we were in their company. They were new in town so we took them to a couple of our favorite restaurants. Then they had us over for a cook-out and suddenly we had friends in the neighborhood! Kerri and Christy especially seemed to hit it off and they started shopping together and hanging out on a regular basis.

Let me establish up front that my wife is a beautiful woman. At the time, she was in her late 30's with a toned body from doing lots of yoga. She has real curves, including a gorgeous tight butt and killer all-natural breasts separated by sculpted abs from all that working out. Her wavy blonde hair is usually down over her shoulders when it isn't pulled into a ponytail during her workouts. I tried to keep up with her despite being a few years older, and managed to keep the paunch down with a regular routine of running and bicycling. I wasn't about to run a marathon, but I was in pretty decent shape for early 40s.

But now I was collapsed against the doorway to our bedroom, looking on in disbelief as my hot wife bounced up and down on our neighbor Tim's cock like her life depended on it. I was torn between grabbing the fireplace poker and bashing both of their skulls in or turning around and walking out into traffic. It felt like I'd been standing there staring for an hour but it couldn't have been more than five seconds before Christy grabbed me by the arm and pulled me back into the family room. I numbly let myself be led over to the sofa, where she set me down and settled in beside me, pulling my head down onto her bountiful boobs. Her height (or lack thereof) accentuated breasts that really didn't need any help. They were very large, very round, very firm and were now cradling my head as I tried to determine whether to cry, howl, scream or hit something.

She stroked my head and whispered in my ear trying to calm me down, which must have worked as I started spending more time noticing the chest I was leaning against than I did the noises coming from the other room. "We were going to tell you," she said, "but we got excited and a little carried away. This was supposed to be the four of us. I really want you, Terry, and I want the four of us to be able to play together." She lifted my head off her chest and kissed me, tentatively at first as if to sense my reaction. When I didn't push her away, she pulled my head to her as she slipped her tongue into my mouth and raised the intensity level by a couple hundred degrees. She swung her leg over me so she could straddle me on the couch, and I was treated to her breasts pressing into me as I pulled her closer and she kissed me even deeper. Her bare thighs pressed against my legs and she held my face in her hands while we continued our fiery kiss. With Christy and I getting to know each others' mouths and her warm little body pressing hard into mine, I actually managed to forget that my wife was fucking someone else in the next room.

I raised both hands to Christy's shoulders and slid the kimono off of her back, then leaned her back a little so that I could move my kissing from her mouth to her neck, nibbling and sucking her soft skin while I explored the round mounds of delight on her chest. She leaned further back, supported by her hands on my knees, as I slowly kissed my way down to her chest. She was now a totally naked armful of warm sexy woman, squirming delightfully on my hardening cock as I nibbled on one nipple while thumbing the other one before moving both hands down to her ass and pulling her even more tightly against my erection.

She gasped after a little while and said, "Sweetie, stop a second. Let me help you out of those clothes." She gracefully slid backwards onto her feet before kneeling in front of me and unzipping my slacks while I fumbled with my shirt buttons. I was still trying to manage my cuffs when she started tugging my slacks down so I raised my butt a little to help. I was finally free of my clothes, but she still knelt between my legs, stroking the insides of my thighs. She ran a fingernail up the underside of my balls, causing my cock to jump like she'd given me an electric shock. She then leaned forward and began to very deliberately lick my balls while slowly stroking my cock with her right hand. I couldn't see for sure but it appeared that her left was occupied with stroking her own sex. Her magnificent breasts brushing against the insides of my thighs felt almost (almost!) as good as her tongue on my balls. I was pretty sure I was in heaven, until she looked me in the eyes and slowly took the length of my cock into her mouth, after which I knew damn well I was. She knew exactly how to use her tongue on the underside of my cock as her head slowly bobbed up and down, taking me all the way in and then pulling back until just the head remained inside. After every three or four headbobs, she would pause at the top and run her tongue around the head of my cock before plunging back down. It was incredible - I had so much blood running to my cock that I pretty much lost feeling everywhere else. My whole universe shrunk down to what this wonderful woman was doing to me.

While I admit to having had issues with coming too quickly before during intercourse, that usually wasn't a problem from oral sex. But given the current situation with my dick buried in my neighbor's mouth while listening to my wife fuck like a madwoman in the next room, I was afraid I would cum way too soon. But damn, Christy was good. She knew exactly where to lick, kiss, stroke, and nibble to keep me right on the edge. And fortunately, she knew exactly when to back off to keep me from going over. I almost lost it a few times, especially when she brought herself to an obvious orgasm and her moaning through it around my cock just about brought me past the point of no return. But I managed to hold on a little longer until she started a steady rhythm of pumping me into her mouth, looking into my eyes in a way that unmistakably signaled she was ready for me to cum. I still tried to hold out as this felt so good but it was pretty clear that wasn't going to happen. "Shit, baby, I'm going to cum!" I moaned. "You feel so fucking good!" She couldn't say anything, having a mouth full of my dick, but she smiled at me with her eyes as I started to spurt. I felt like my whole insides were coming out through my cock as I shouted and spasmed over and over again. Christy never lost me, taking it all and swallowing every bit of it while never breaking eye contact. It was one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever felt.

As I came down a little bit, I looked up and realized that we'd developed an audience. Kerri was standing naked in the doorway to the bedroom, arms crossed under her sweet breasts and watching with approval. Tim stood behind her with his arms wrapped around her waist, looking over her shoulder at me and his wife with a look of unmistakable pride on his face. A very naked, very sweaty Kerri came over, kissed me deeply and said, "Welcome home, darling. Why don't you take Christy to bed and fuck her brains out while Tim and I get something to drink?" So THAT was something I never thought I'd hear my wife say but I decided that she was a wise woman and I should take her advice.

I carefully stood up and reached down to pull Christy to her feet. I held her in a deep hug first, silently thanking her for helping me through the shock of what I now knew was a plan for the four of us to swing together. My cock was already hardening again at the thought of fucking this bouncy little beauty on the bed as we walked arm-in-arm to the bedroom and the now-empty king-sized bed. But she had some interim steps in mind before we got to that portion of the program. She pushed me back on the bed and then climbed on top of me, her knees on either side of my head as she sat on my chest. "Kerri says you're an awesome pussy-eater," she proclaimed. "Time for you to prove it." My last coherent thought before being lost in the smell, taste and sight of Christy's sweet cunt was being shocked and pleased that my wife had been bragging about my sexual prowess - I was finding out all kinds of things about her tonight. Then all I could think about was the beautiful pussy that I was now licking. 

Her thighs held my head in place as I slowly ran my tongue up and down her labia, focusing on the outside initially, before finally parting her lips and gently sliding my tongue inside her wet, warm and wonderful vagina. There is little in this world better than having one's tongue buried in a loving woman's pussy while she gasps and pants above you as you're pleasuring her. She leaned back and stroked my cock with her left hand while grabbing my head with her right to pull me further into her. I could feel her tightening around me as she had a number of little climaxes - I do love playing to an appreciative audience. I then moved my tongue up along her folds until I finally started gently swirling it around her engorged clit. But she wasn't having any of that "gentle" crap at this point - she ground her hips down around me and rubbed her clit harder on my tongue. I took her cue and licked harder.

I was thrown for a minute trying to figure out how she had taken my cock in her mouth from this angle, until I realized that Kerri and Tim had come back into the bedroom and my wife was now sucking my cock while her next-door neighbor rode my face. I looked past Christy's thigh to see Kerri on all fours, my cock in her mouth and Tim's cock in her pussy as he stood at the edge of the bed. Christy was obviously watching that too and that did it for her. She squeezed her thighs around my head as she shrieked, "Oh fuck I'm cumming! Don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop!" Kerri slipped my cock out of her mouth (thank goodness since I really did want to save something for Christy) and attached her mouth to Christy's left breast instead, sucking her nipple hard while her orgasm continued. Jeez, yet another surprise as I'd never had any indication that my wife had any interest in other women. I held onto Christy as she came hard, enjoying her sweet slickness and heat as I felt her thighs squeezing my head.

As she came down, she rolled off me onto the bed. I knew her legs had to be tired by now, so I moved over to give her room and raised up on my arms as she slid under me. Her legs were wide open and waiting for me. "Goddammit, fuck me, Terry! Don't make me wait anymore!" she cried. Being the nice guy that I am, I immediately obliged, sliding my cock into her all the way with one long slow stroke until my balls were snugged up against her ass. I stayed there for a minute, just feeling how warm and tight and wet she was and letting her get used to having me there. I'd been hard for so long I thought I could last a little while, so I started moving slowly in and out of her while she stroked my back. She was enough shorter than me that it was hard to kiss while we fucked, so instead of trying, I straightened my arms and raised her ankles up towards my shoulders so that I could get even deeper.

Meanwhile on the bed next to us, Tim was on his back with my wife on all fours over him, sucking his cock and licking his balls while he had three fingers buried in her pussy and licked her clit. While this would have enraged me earlier, all it did now was turn me on even more since I was hip deep inside Tim's wife right beside them. 

Christy moved her legs down and wrapped them around my hips as she pulled me even deeper. "Honey, I'm about to come again! Give me that fuckin' cock! Harder!" she yelled and so I did. I could feel her starting to cum and I could also feel my balls starting to boil as my own orgasm built. Christy bucked and raised up off the bed, gripping my forearms and biting my bicep to stifle her scream as she came HARD. Watching that seemed to set Tim off as I saw Kerri struggling to keep his cock in her mouth while he started to spurt. And that in turn was enough for me. I stopped trying to hold back the tide and just started slamming into Christy, harder and faster than before. Her ass bounced up off the bed with every stroke as she shouted encouragement. "Give it to me, baby! Cum for me! Cum all over me!" I thought that was a grand idea so as I reached my own climax, I pulled my cock out of her and spurted all over her stomach and chest. She replaced my hand with hers and stroked me until I was completely spent. Meanwhile Kerri's eyes were rolled up in her head as Tim's fingers in her cunt (and now ass) and his oral ministrations brought her off again.

We all four looked at each other and broke into wide grins. We'd been fucking for the past hour and a half (and God only knows how long the three of them had been going at it before I got home) so there was an unspoken decision to take a break. Kerri and I had barely exchanged two sentences since my early arrival (we'd both been a little occupied) and everyone was getting a little hungry. Neither Christy or Kerri made any move to cover up or put anything on as they climbed out of bed, so Tim and I shrugged at each other and followed their example. We grabbed a couple of bottles of wine while Kerri and Christy made some snacks in the kitchen. While we were alone in the dining room getting wine glasses, Tim asked, "Are you okay with this, man? This didn't go down the way the girls had planned - you were supposed to be in on it from the beginning. We just got a little ahead of ourselves." 

I looked him in the eye and said, "Honestly, I was totally freaked out and I'm still trying to process it, but yeah, I guess I'm good. How long has this been in the works?"

"Well, the ladies have been screwing each other for a couple of months now- "

"What the fuck?! I had no idea! Hell, I had no idea Kerri was ever interested in women."

Tim replied, "Well, I walked in on them a couple of weeks ago, sort of like you just did with us. That's when they told me they really wanted us to swing together. Christy was hot for your bod, man, especially after Kerri told her a few things about your oral technique." Tim grinned.

"I'm still trying to deal with the thought of my wife in bed with another woman. That must have been pretty hot when you walked in on them!"

"Uh, yeah, you have no idea. They were so wrapped up in each other that I was able to catch that show for a good five minutes before they realized I was watching them. They got pretty pissed at first but they got over it. In a good way," he grinned.

We walked back into the family room with the wine and glasses to find our wives had set out snacks on the coffee table. I sat down next to Kerri since we'd barely spoken since I got home and I wanted her to know that things were good between us. I gave her a long, slow kiss and hugged her tight and she squeezed me so hard I almost couldn't breathe. "Oh thank God you're ok with this. I love you so much and I want you to be happy but I want you to be happy with THIS!" Christy was sitting to her other side and she reached over and put her arms around Kerri as well, burying her face in Kerri's hair. They were both sobbing a little from relief and I broke off our hug so Kerri could turn and embrace Christy. They kissed each other, giggling at each other's tears.

That wine tasted better than any I'd ever had. I'm sure it was some inexpensive table wine that we drink all the time but in the present company and under the circumstances, it tasted like ambrosia (but still not as good as Christy's pussy). We relaxed and chatted a little, but mostly just enjoyed the wine and the cheese and olives and touching each other. The sofa was only long enough for three, so Christy moved down to the floor to lean against my shins so that Tim could come over and sit next to Kerri. I stroked my wife's thigh and kissed her before she turned to kiss Tim. That was my cue to lean forward and massage Christy's breasts as she reached up and held my forearms and kissed the inside of my elbow.

I thought I might have one more lap in the tank so after a few more minutes of rest and wine and nibbles, I stood up and moved over to the floor, pulling Christy with me. She had rolled forward onto her hands and knees when I stood up, which I thought was a fantastic idea. I knelt behind her and massaged her ass cheeks, sliding down so that my thumbs also massaged and opened up her thighs. I then moved back up and gently parted her glorious round ass, slowly licking in ever-tightening circles around her bud. She backed into me as I slid my tongue into her tight asshole, entering her and staying there long enough for her to get used to it before pulling out and starting to slowly stroke my tongue in and out of her. She gave a moan and I drove my tongue in even further as I stroked her clit with my thumb. Kerri and Tim were still sitting on the sofa kissing but Christy caught Kerri's attention and motioned her over.

Kerri sat down on the floor in front of Christy, kissing her deeply while I continued to tongue-fuck her ass. Kerri leaned back onto her elbows and spread her legs wide. Christy took the invitation and lowered her head to my wife's pussy, licking her up and down her wet slit. I was still having trouble believing that this was my wife but I was certainly not going to argue. I raised up and spread Christy's legs a little wider and slid the head of my dick into her sopping pussy. I used my thumb to continue putting pressure on her asshole, without it really entering her. Tim had been sitting on the sofa stroking his cock while watching his wife and mine getting it on, but he'd had enough of just watching and knelt down next to Kerri. She turned her head and torso enough that she could take his cock into her mouth and stroke it with one hand while she held herself up with the other. Christy was licking Kerri's pussy in time with the strokes I was delivering at her other end while Kerri found her own rhythm with Tim. 

Having cum twice already, I knew it would take me awhile this time (if I made it at all). I suspected Tim was in the same shape. The ladies, on the other hand, had no issue with cumming over and over again, which they proceeded to do - loudly. Christy was moaning into Kerri's sweet cunt while I could feel her pussy pulsing around my cock. I'd never felt a woman so hot and so wet and so fucking tight. Meanwhile Tim was holding Kerri's head and fucking her face which seemed to be turning her on almost as much as the way Christy was attending to her cunt. She came hard, holding Christy's head against her and swallowing as much of Tim's cock as she could. Christy came too, her pussy holding my cock deep inside her with a grip of steel (if steel could be that wet and soft).
