 Note: This is my first attempt at writing an erotic story. It's kind of a long one, but it's worth the time. I hope you enjoy!

"So are you ready for this test?" Liz asked as she trudged up the hill beside Ethan.

"I dunno. Chloe and I got into a fight last night so I didn't really have time to study," he responded. Liz noticed that he looked tired, which wasn't anything new as of late.

"Are you guys okay?" she asked, genuinely concerned.

"We usually work stuff out, but we just keep having the same argument over and over again. I don't know what else to do," Ethan sighed. "I'm more worried about this test right now."

Liz and Ethan were neighbors this year at college. They had known each other for a year and a half now, since they had lived on the same floor in the dorms last year. They also spent last semester studying abroad in the same city so needless to say, they were pretty close.

Liz was recently single – well, recently as in since summer. Her now ex-boyfriend of three years, Dylan, had been cheating on her since the beginning of their relationship. She found this out after she had already broken up with him, however, for other reasons (aka he was a complete loser). Liz was hurt when she found out Dylan had been cheating on her, but she couldn't really blame him since she had been doing the same thing, maybe even a little worse, but those are stories for another time.

Liz had hooked up with a few guys since her breakup with Dylan but she was trying to avoid a serious relationship, at least for now so she could focus on her classes. Unfortunately, not having a boyfriend had serious disadvantages, such as leaving her craving dick 24/7. Usually her pink rabbit vibrator (a gift from Dylan – one of the only good things to come out of that relationship) satisfied that need, but Liz's dry streak was topped with Fernando shutting off in the middle of a "date" and refusing to turn back on. Liz was so busy that she hadn't had time to get a replacement yet so she was almost constantly horny and masturbated every night.

Ethan's romantic situation was perfect – or at least it had been until recently when he and Chloe, his girlfriend of a year and a half, started arguing. At the beginning it was nothing, but now it seemed they got into a fight almost every day. Liz wondered if their sex life was suffering as much as their emotional bond. She had always been somewhat attracted to Ethan, with his light brown hair and chocolate colored eyes. He usually ran every day so he had a runner's smooth, toned body and he always knew how to make Liz laugh. She often fantasized about Ethan while she masturbated and although she felt bad that her friend's relationship was falling apart, she secretly hoped he would use it as an excuse to make a move.

_____________________________________________________

Liz shut her laptop with a sigh; she was exhausted. She had been up since 6:30 without a moment of peace. She looked at the clock, afraid was she might see – 1:27 in the morning. She groaned. It was way past time to be in bed. Liz was just about to turn off the living room light when she heard a man yell, then a door slam. She didn't think much of it, but seconds later there was a knock at her door. 

"Oh, Ethan!" Liz exclaimed. "What are you doing here this late?"

"Um, hi, Liz," Ethan stuttered. "I'm sorry to bother you so late but Chloe and I just got into a fight and I can't be around her right now. I know this is bizarre but she's refusing to leave and I don't have anywhere else to go this late. Would you mind if I slept on your couch, just until she comes to her senses?"

"Yeah, not a problem. I was just about to go to bed though; are you sure you don't mind sleeping on the couch?" she asked.

"Nah, I've slept on worse," he joked with a wink.

Oh my god, Liz thought. Is he flirting with me? If only... Ethan sat down on the couch as Liz locked the door, trying to hide her excitement.

"Comfy enough," he said. "Do you have a pillow and blanket?"

"Oh, let me get you some from my room," Liz said in a rush. She walked into her bedroom and leaned across the queen-size mattress to grab a pillow, allowing her t-shirt to ride up and expose her midsection. 

"Oh là là," came a voice from the doorway.

Liz hurriedly turned to see Ethan looking at her with a half-joking, half-I won't stop until I ravage you expression. She pulled down her t-shirt with a blush.

"No reason to be embarrassed. You look great," Ethan said, walking over to stand next to her. "You've started working out, right?"

"Yeah," Liz answered, very aware of Ethan's hand on her hip. "I have to counteract all the Christmas cookies I'm going to eat over winter break haha."

"You know, I've always thought you were really hot but I didn't want to say anything when you were with Dylan," Ethan said suddenly, looking Liz in the face to see her reaction.

"Oh, um, well, thanks," she stuttered. "You're pretty attractive yourself."

Ethan turned Liz to face him, both hands on her hips. 

"I've wanted to kiss you for a long time," he whispered. "I think you want the same thing."

And with that, Ethan pressed his lips against Liz's in a hot, passionate kiss. He slipped his tongue between her lips, entering her mouth with force. He sucked on her bottom lip and ended their embrace with a little nip, which caused her to squeak a little.

"I always thought you'd be the kind of girl who likes it a little rough," Ethan murmured in her ear. He sucked on her earlobe and then moved down her neck with soft kisses that turned into firey and intense embraces. Liz's breathing was getting heavier and heavier and she could already feel her pussy starting to get wet. Each kiss on her neck, her collarbone, now the crest of her breast built her anticipation. Ethan put his hands on the bottom of her t-shirt, looked her in the eyes, questioning silently if he could take it off. Liz nodded, her pussy juices starting to soak her panties.

Ethan slipped her t-shirt over her head and stood for a moment frozen by the beauty of Liz's perfect tits. He gripped them in both hands, then moved his face down to suck on Liz's tiny pink nipple. She groaned with pleasure and he sucked and nibbled on her hard nipple. Ethan, still sucking on Liz's right nipple and tweaking her left, moved his hand down her back until he reached her supple ass. In one quick movement he slapped her bottom, producing another squeak. He then picked her up and laid her down on the bed.

"I want you so fucking bad," Liz groaned. 

"I want you first," Ethan said decisively, and he pulled down her pajama shorts and panties, exposing her completely shaved pussy. He wasted no time moving his head between her legs and kissing the insides of her thighs, moving upward slowly until he reached her mound. He separated Liz's wet pussy lips with ease, causing her to gasp, and then found her hard clit. Ethan gave Liz a devilish grin and then disappeared between her legs, sucking her clit between his teeth and fucking her pussy hole with his tongue until she cried out, "Please fuck me! Please! I need you inside me!"

"Not yet, sweetheart," Ethan said with a laugh. He stood up and unbuttoned his jeans. "My turn."

Liz scrambled onto her knees and took Ethan's huge dick in her mouth, running her tongue over the head while he moaned. He moved to sit on the bed and she kneeled between his legs, moving her head up and down his ten inch shaft until it glistened with saliva. 

"Ohhhh Liz that feels so fuckin good," Ethan groaned.

Liz gave him a devilish look of her own, then plunged her mouth down on his rock hard cock, taking him deep into her throat.

"Oh FUCK! Oh my fuckin god that's good!" Ethan didn't know how he hadn't thought of fucking Liz before, but he knew he had found a new fuck buddy.

"Please fuck me Ethan. I can't wait any longer," Liz was close to begging for her friend's dick. At this point, her juices were running down her legs and her pussy was throbbing in anticipation.

"You think you're ready?" Ethan asked teasingly.

"Yes! Now come on, I need you inside of me," Liz demanded with a coy smile.

"You want it, you got it," he whispered, and he picked her up by the hips, putting her on her back. As Liz looked at his glistening rod with lust in her eyes, Ethan spread her legs and grabbed his dick, placing it at the soaking wet opening to Liz's cunt. He looked her in the eyes, then pushed the head of his cock inside her. Liz gasped, then whispered, "More." Ethan slowly slid the entire length of his dick inside her wet pussy until it was buried to the hilt. Then he started to fuck.

As Liz groaned his name, Ethan began to slide in and out of her pussy faster and faster until he was pounding her with more force than he knew he possessed. He was fucking her like it was his last day on Earth. He grabbed Liz's legs and threw one over each of his shoulders, not slowing down for a second. 

"I'm gonna cuuummmm!" Liz groaned. "Oh fuck I'm cumminnnnnggggg!!! YESSSSS!!!"

Ethan continued fucking her while her body shook from multiple orgasms. He gave her a moment to recover, then pulled out of her. 

"Wha...? What about you?" Liz asked, bewildered.

"Oh, we're not even close to done," Ethan said, flipping her around. Again he put his cock against her pussy, pushed through, and doggie fucked her brains out. After an immeasurable amount of time, Ethan felt a swelling sensation in his balls.

"I'm gonna cum," he said. "Where do you want it?"

"Cum in me," Liz panted. "I want you to cum inside of me."

Ethan pumped his cock in and out of Liz's wet cunt and then exploded, filling her pussy with his hot white cum. He continued to rock in and out of her until his dick began to get soft, then pulled out and collapsed next to her on the bed.

"Wow," they breathed in unison.

At that second, there was a loud, angry sounding knock at the door. Liz looked at Ethan, who whispered, "It's probably Chloe." Liz nodded, pulled on her red silk bathrobe, then closed the bedroom door and walked into the living room.

"Hi Chl – " 

"I know that you fucked Ethan. I could hear you through down the fucking hall!" Chloe burst into Liz's apartment in a fury. "You know, these walls are pretty fucking thin!"

"Oh, I, um, I'm sorry Chloe. I don't know what to say," Liz said slowly.

"There's nothing you can say, nothing! We've been fighting every day for the past month! And do you know what we've been fighting about? You! He asked if I would have a threesome with you to spice up our sex life. Ridiculous!" Chloe threw her hands up in anger.

"He asked you that?" Liz asked. "Well, I'm sorry if I've caused problems between you two. I didn't try – Hey, don't cry Chloe. It'll be okay," Liz said as she moved to embrace Chloe. Rubbing the crying girl's back, she tried to calm her down. "It'll be okay. This is just a rough patch, you'll see."

Chloe's sniffling subsided and she looked Liz in the eyes with a new attitude.

"I want to do it," she declared.

"Do what?" Liz asked, completely lost.

"I want to have a threesome with you and Ethan," Chloe said with even more conviction. "Even if our relationship is over, I want to get one last crazy experience out of it."

"Uh, I don't know if I – I mean I've never been with a girl before..." Liz mumbled.

"Well then it'll be a new crazy experience for you too," Chloe said, and then kissed Liz on the mouth, passionately sealing this new deal.

Chloe broke off the kiss and took Liz's hand, leading her into the bedroom where she found Ethan frantically looking for his shirt. 

"It's okay Ethan. I know you fucked Liz," Chloe said with a flat voice.

"Oh. Well. What do you want?" he asked.

"I want to have a threesome with you and Liz," Chloe said, pushing him back onto the bed and then kissing Liz again while he looked on in disbelief. Liz, submissive until this point, brought her hand up to grip Chloe's breast, causing Chloe to moan with passion. Ethan felt his dick stirring to life at the sight of two beautiful, big-breasted women running their hands all over each other.

Chloe broke off the kiss to look at Ethan with a come on, join us look and then pulled her t-shirt over her head. Liz grabbed Chloe's tits with both her hands, making them look ever bigger because of her small hands. Ethan grabbed both the girls by the waist and pulled them on top of him, kissing Chloe's neck and pulling Liz's bathrobe open to massage her tit. 

"So where did you cum?" Chloe asked suddenly.

"What? Oh, I came – uh – inside her," Ethan said, not knowing how she would react.

"Mmmm, inside you," Chloe looked at Liz with lust in her eyes, then moved between her legs and lapped at her pussy, which was wet again with her own juices, which mixed with Ethan's cum oozing between her lips. Chloe sucked the combined juices out of Liz's cunt, then took her clit into her mouth and played with it. Liz began shaking again, and Ethan saw a prime opportunity to get another blow job. He tugged off his jeans and turned Liz's mouth toward his hard dick again, which she eagerly took into her mouth. Liz sucked and deep-throated until she was overcome with a massive orgasm, covering Chloe's mouth and chin with her pussy juices.

"Oh, that was amazing. You really know what you're doing down there," Liz panted.

"You better believe it," Chloe said, wiping off her chin. "Now how about I get a little reward?"

"You mean a big, hard, massive reward," Ethan said, and Liz gave his cock one last suck, then allowed Chloe to sit on his massive rod reverse cowgirl style, bouncing up and down while Liz sucked on her nipples. 

"Oh fuck that feels amazing!" Chloe exclaimed. "Don't stop! Don't stop!"

Liz moved downward and set to licking and tweaking Chloe's hard little clit while Ethan rammed his pole into her wet pussy.

"I'm gonna cum!" Chloe screamed, and started shaking as she orgasmed.

Ethan felt like he was about to blow his load, so he pulled out of Chloe's soaked pussy, stood up, and allowed Liz to take him into her mouth. He blew spurt after spurt of hot cum into Liz's mouth, which was soon joined by Chloe's roaming tongue. Ethan had never cum this much before. The girls' chins were dripping with his white man juice, a problem which they solved with their tongues. The three friends then collapsed on the bed, exhausted from a very pleasant unexpected surprise.