 "I like mine with lettuce and tomato," I sang to myself as the hamburger sizzled in the frying pan in front of me. "Heinz fifty-seven an' French fried potatoes." I leaned over to check the French fries in the oven. "Big kosher pickle and a cold draught beer, well, good god almighty, which way do I steer for my-"

Before I could break into the chorus, the phone rang. Buster started barking, letting me know that the phone was ringing, in case I hadn't heard it. He was a very helpful dachshund. Knowing that there was nobody else in the apartment to answer it, I put down the spatula I had been singing into, turned the heat on the stove down, and picked up the nearest landline. 

"Dani's and Derek's, Derek speaking," I said into the receiver. I wiped my fingers, a bit slick with grease from the hamburger, off on the apron I was wearing. 

"Hi, Derek, it's Nellie," said the voice on the other end. "Am I calling at a bad time?"

"Oh, Nellie, hey," I said, smiling. "Nah, it's never a bad time to get a call from you. What's up?"

"Nothing much," my fiancée's cousin said. "Is Dani around? I tried calling her, but there was no answer."

"Her cell's on the fritz again," I said. This wasn't a rare occurrence. My fiancée still had a flip phone. At this point, it was old enough that if it was a human being, it could hold a conversation.

Hundreds of miles away, Nellie made a sound of disgust. "You need to force her to get a new one," she said. "Is she around?"

"She's working late," I said. "Want me to tell her you called?"

"Nah, I'll just tell you," said the curvaceous nineteen-year-old on the other side of the line. 

In the past few months, the relationship between my fiancée, her cousin, and myself had taken a turn for the carnal. Back in August, a nervous, virgin Nellie had borrowed me from Danielle to give her some much-needed sexual experience before she headed off to college. A few months later, on Christmas Eve, she came to us again, now with more self-esteem, some experience of her own, and a desire to thank us very intimately for our kindness. That was how we had our first threesome. Our second one happened two weeks later, before Nellie had to head back to college. It was just as great as the first, and made even better by the fact that Danielle and I were newly engaged. It was so wrong, but so, so hot.

Now, it was April. A small golden ring sat on Danielle's third finger, and the ceremony was planned for late June. The venue was already picked out, and invitations had been sent, but the real meat of the planning wouldn't be for a while. "So, you know I'll be back in town during Spring Break for a day or two before going to the beach house with Mom and Dad, right?" Nellie asked.

"I had heard something to that effect," I said. Danielle's family frequently rented a beach house a few hours drive away. Great place, and they got it cheap because they were friends with the owner. "You're welcome to come over for 'dinner', if you've got the time."

Nellie giggled, deep and throaty, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention. "I was hoping you'd invite me over," she said. I imagined she was twirling a finger through her long black hair as she said it. "And it's closely related to what I wanted to talk about. Can I ask you a favor?"

"Anything," I said instantly. "I love doing favors for you."

She told me what she wanted. 

I dropped the phone.

"Hello? Derek? What was that?" I heard her say as I picked the phone back up.

"Sorry, my fingers are a bit slippery," I said, trying and failing to keep my excitement out of my voice. "Anyway, I'm sure I could help you out."

"I thought you would," Nellie said, voice husky. "You're pretty easy to predict."

"I can't argue about that," I said, a happy grin threatening to split my face in half. "I'll tell Dani when she gets back, but I doubt she'll say no."

"Glad to hear it," Nellie said.

"You're going to have to send us a picture, though," I added.

"I'll text one to you," Nellie said. "Thank you so much for this. It really means a lot."

"I am nothing if not selfless and lecherous," I said, feeling practically giddy.

 

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When Danielle got home an hour later, Buster wasn't the only dog who tore his way down the hall to greet her. He got there first, yapping and circling her like a furry noodle. Danielle scratched his ears happily, picking up the diminutive canine to give him a kiss on the nose. "How'sh my widdwe Bushter?" she cooed. The dog started licking her face.

"Hello, I'm also here," I said, approaching her much more calmly than Buster. I mean, I wanted to do the same thing he was doing, but I didn't.

"Hi, sweetie," she said, giving me a kiss as well. She smelled like dog already. "Nothing burned down while I was gone?"

"My day was fine, thanks," I said, answering the question I was sure she had meant to ask. "And you'll never guess who I got a call from earlier."

"Has your great-aunt Janice finally figured out if she's coming to the wedding or not?" Danielle asked.

"I wish. It was Nellie," I said, the urgency of the news driving me to skip straight past any guessing games. "She wants a favor."

I told her the gist of my conversation with Nellie, watching as Danielle's eyes widened at each key point. When I was done, they were as wide as the full moon.

"Her roommate?" Danielle repeated, almost in awe. I grinned and nodded.

"That's what she said," I confirmed. "She's going to the beach house with Nellie's family for spring break, and Nellie wants to give her the same treatment I gave Nellie back in August. Girl's a real wallflower, apparently."

"We really have created a monster," Dani said, handing Buster off to me so she could take her heels off. "This must be what Frankenstein felt like."

"Don't you mean the guy who made Frankenstein?" I asked. For some reason, that got me an icy glare and a disapproving shake of the head. I pushed on. "So, what do you think? Yes? No?"

"Do we have a picture?" Danielle asked. As if she hadn't already made up her mind.

"In fact we do," I said, pulling my phone out. "Just let me pull it up on my not-outdated phone with its lovely touchscreen-"

"Drop it, Derek."

"But I don't want to crack the screen," I said huffily. I pulled up the picture and turned the phone to show Danielle. "Here she is. Her name's Kelsey."

Danielle oohed, taking the phone from me. "She's adorable," she gasped. "What do you think, Buster?"

She showed him the picture. He barked.

"He thinks so, too," Danielle translated, scratching his little chin. "Tell Nellie we'd love to have her over."

"You're the best fiancée ever," I said.

"I know I am," she said proudly. "Now, what's for dinner?"

 

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next few days passed in an excited blur. In that time, the smile never left my face, prompting some coworkers to deem it 'creepy'. I really couldn't help it. I thought I'd been excited for the wedding, but this was a whole new level of eagerness. And Danielle, bless her soul, was looking forward to it just as much as I was. At night, with Buster sleeping between us, we would stare at the picture on my phone and discuss all the horrible things we were planning. We frequently had to exile Buster to his little bed in the living room so we could work off some steam.

Finally, the day arrived. It took a feat of shrewdness on the part of Nellie to work it out with her parents: they were going to head up to the beach house the day before Nellie was set to arrive. Danielle and I would pick Nellie and her guest up from the airport, and the next day, they would take the car that Nellie's parents had left behind and head to the beach. That gave us a window of twelve hours to do whatever we wanted with our young guests. I still wasn't sure how Nellie had convinced them to do that, but I wasn't going to complain.

We took my car to the airport half an hour before Nellie's plane was due to arrive. I was practically bouncing back and forth while we waited outside the terminal, keeping our eyes peeled. "This is going to be so great," I said. The smile still hadn't left my face. I doubted it ever would.

"I know," Danielle agreed, checking her watch. "Show me the picture again."

I did. "So cute. So innocent," I sighed.

"Not by the time we're through with her," Danielle growled.

"I don't know what I did to deserve you," I said, kissing her cheek. "What other fiancée would be so okay with this?"

"It's just as much fun for me as it is for you," Danielle said. 

It was so much fun being engaged to a woman who liked playing with other girls. Well, with specific girls. We had briefly considered hunting for another woman to have some three-way fun with while Nellie was away at college, but decided against it. Our fun with Nellie was so fun because we were already so close to her, and having a threesome with a woman other than her would have almost felt like cheating.

"Dani! Derek!" I heard a young woman call, and then saw an arm poking out from the crowds of people milling out of the terminal. My blood sang with anticipation. There was Nellie, dressed for the warm spring weather in a pair of tight-fitting Capri pants and a light green sleeveless blouse that was buttoned up too high to show any cleavage, but her hefty breasts still drew attention.

And then I saw the young woman trailing behind her, carrying a maroon duffel bag. Kelsey looked just like her picture had promised. She was Nellie's age, but nowhere near as stunning as she was. Her cute, pale face was dusted with freckles and her frizzy red hair reached down a bit past her shoulders. She was slender, if not outright skinny, and wearing a black t-shirt with a band logo I didn't recognize – I briefly wondered what kind of band 'Mëtldëth' was, before realizing that it was fairly obvious– and a pair of jeans that reached all the way down to her sandaled feet without clinging too tightly. She walked in the wake of Nellie and Nellie's rolling luggage, taking tiny, uncertain steps and keeping her head down, as if she was afraid that everybody was looking at her. Just looking at how she walked and dressed, I was reminded of how Nellie had been before our adventure in August.

Danielle hurried to meet Nellie first, wrapping the woman in a tight hug. I got her next, giving her a quick peck on the cheek as her soft breasts pushed against my chest. "It's so great to see you guys!" Nellie exclaimed, nearly bouncing in place.

"Hello," the young woman at her side said shyly, giving us a barely perceptible smile.

She squeaked like one of Buster's toys when Danielle hugged her, eyes going wide with shock. "It's nice to meet you, Kelsey," Dani said when the hug was over. "Do you want any help with your bag?"

After a few seconds of stunned ums and ahs, Kelsey got out a brief, "Yes, thanks."

Dani looked at me, but I had already figured out that she was volunteering my services, not her own. I took the duffel bag from Kelsey, and the rolling luggage from Nellie. Our hands brushed as I took the handle from her, making us both smile. Luggage in hand, I followed the trio of women out of the airport and towards where we had parked.

 

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A few minutes later, we were free of the airport. Our guests' luggage was deposited in the trunk of my car, and we were on the road towards home. In the back seat, Kelsey was quiet and Nellie was not.

We soon got Kelsey's full story from her talkative roommate. When she and Nellie had first met at the beginning of the year, they were almost two peas in a pod. At least, they would have been if Nellie hadn't broken out of her shell in a big way, thanks to the fun we had before her departure. While the sexually awakened Nellie chewed through boyfriends and just-friends like sticks of cheap chewing gum, Kelsey stayed in her shell, wanting to break free but being too awkward to try. Nellie had done her best to try and hook Kelsey up on several occasions, but it never really worked out, "for some reason". Danielle and I shared a knowing look at that, immediately understanding why Nellie made a terrible wingwoman. She was as hot as a grill on the Fourth of July, with bouncy breasts, a narrow waist, and wide hips (dye her long, black hair a bright shade of red and put her in a slinky red dress and she'd be a carbon copy of Jessica Rabbit), and Kelsey was, compared to Nellie, just kind of plain.

Looking at her without comparing her to the bombshell sitting next to her, she was pretty cute. Cheeks that had probably been pinched by every old woman she'd ever met, frizzy red hair that made her head look like it was on fire, pink lips that were positively tiny, and of course the freckles that I thought we so darn adorable. Sadly, horny college boys weren't generally on the hunt for 'adorable'.

Still, despite their differences, Nellie and Kelsey made extremely good friends. Kelsey lived vicariously through stories of Nellie's many sexual adventures, especially the story that Nellie had confided in her about how she had lost her virginity to her cousin's boyfriend. And after winter break, Nellie told her the story of our Christmas Eve threesome, knowing that she would keep a secret and that it would drive her wild. Recognizing how the story had made Kelsey feel, Nellie had concocted this diabolical plot to give the shy young woman the same experience she'd received.

"You don't seem that eager," I said, glancing at Kelsey in the rearview mirror. She and Nellie were in the back, and I drove while Danielle sat shotgun. Kelsey had been staring at the back of Danielle's chair almost the entire trip. "Something on your mind?"

"I'm just nervous," the meek girl said, the most words in a row I'd heard out of her yet.

"Sweetie, you can change your mind at any time," Danielle said. "We won't think any less of you."

I think I saw Nellie roll her eyes a little bit. "No, no, I want this, I do, I'm just... pretty shy. It's embarrassing to think that we're going to be h-having sex," Kelsey said, her thumbs twiddling.

"It's nothing to be ashamed of," Danielle said. "Sex is perfectly natural. Not to mention fun."

"I know, I just can't completely convince myself," Kelsey admitted. "I don't know how you can be so forward about all of this."

"It's easy. Watch," Danielle said, reaching over to me and unbuttoning my fly. My eyes widened as she brought my flaccid cock out into full view, and a glance in the rearview mirror showed me that Kelsey's eyes were bulging.

"Uh," she said. 

"See? No problem," Danielle said, stroking me. "It's only embarrassing if you think it's embarrassing."

"He – he's big," Kelsey said, stunned.

"Give him a minute," Nellie said, watching us over the back of my chair.

"I'm not sure this is the best time," I said as we zoomed down the highway. Eyes on the road, eyes on the road.

"Shut up," Danielle said warmly, continuing to play with me. 

"Yes, dear," I said, locking my eyes on the asphalt in front of us. Under her attention, I swiftly began to stiffen to my full length: a little bit less than seven inches from tip to base. Depends on how turned on I am.

"Oh my god," Kelsey said.

"Okay, now you can say he's big," Nellie said. 

"But people might see-" Kelsey squeaked, eyes locked on my new erection.

"Let them," Danielle responded, bending over to give my manhood a wet lick. I growled at the sensation.

"Man, I should've called shotgun," Nellie complained, leaning against the back of my chair.

"You'll get your turn, don't worry," I reassured her. 

She giggled and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. "Can't wait," she breathed into my ear.

I hazarded a brief look in the rearview at Kelsey. With all her freckles, it was hard to tell if she was blushing, but she was staring at what Danielle was doing to me with wide, unblinking eyes, her knees tight together and her hands clenched in her lap.

Unfortunately, traffic into the city was great, and it felt like it was just a few minutes before we entered the city limits. Until that point, Danielle sucked me slowly, lapping at me like I was a salt lick. She wasn't trying to get me off; she was just giving Kelsey a demonstration. As soon as we entered the city, she lifted her head and returned my erection to its cloth cage, leaving me hard and unsatisfied and eager for more. "Just a little warm-up," she said, wiping her mouth. "What did you think of that, Kelsey?"

Now there was no doubt that Kelsey was blushing. She just squeaked in response, her shoulders squared tighter than a drum.

Oh, I had a terrible feeling of how this was going to end.

 

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sadly, I was completely (albeit temporarily) right.

We made it back to the apartment without any troubles. I was talked into carrying Nellie's and Kelsey's luggage up the stairs for them, which wasn't an easy task. Nellie's luggage was heavy, and Kelsey's was not, which kept me off balance and made each step a mini adventure. Nellie and Danielle squeezed past me to go up the stairs first, staying just a few steps ahead so their round behinds were all I could see. Kelsey, who hadn't said a word since Danielle's highway foreplay, walked behind me, chewing her bottom lip and quiet as a mouse.

I half-expected a furry torpedo to charge us when we walked in the door, before I remembered that we had left Buster at doggy day care for the night. We felt weird having sex with him around. "Welcome to our humble abode," I said, dropping the suitcase and duffel bag off in the living room, next to the couch where foreplay always happened during our sexual forays with Nellie. The green material still bore the puncture holes that Nellie had put there after I brought her to her first assisted orgasm. 

Three pairs of eyes bored into Kelsey, who blushed from the attention. She was like a sheep that had been dropped into the middle of a den of hungry wolves. "So," Nellie said, already slowly undoing the buttons on her blouse, starting from the bottom. "Should we get started?"

"If our guest wants to," I said, lifting my shirt up and over my head. I had been planning on us having dinner first, but Danielle's work in the car had made me hungry for something completely different. "Kelsey?"

The quiet redhead was just staring at the floor, completely silent. "I'm sorry," she said with a voice that was barely even a whisper. "I don't think I can do this."

Nellie was the first to react in the silence following Kelsey's admission, her face bubbling with rage. "Now?!" she yelled. "After we came all this way, you lose nerve now?!"

"She doesn't have to if she doesn't want to," Danielle said, though she was probably as disappointed as I was.

"I'm sorry," Kelsey said, shaking. "I really wish I could, but I'm..."

"Chickening out," Nellie scowled. "Again."

"Yeah," Kelsey agreed quietly. 

Nellie stormed across the room and grabbed me by the arm. "Forget this. Somebody is getting laid tonight," she said, dragging me towards the bedroom. "Come on, Dani."

My fiancée looked between us. Our awkward young guest on one side, her cousin and I on the other. Her brief indecision was wiped away by her libido, and she followed us. "The remote's on the side table," Danielle said to Kelsey, who was standing in the middle of the living room. "If you want to watch TV, or – or something."

"I'll be fine," Kelsey said with a forced smile. "You guys just enjoy yourselves."

"We will!" Nellie shouted as Danielle began to close the bedroom door. Before it could completely close, she separated from me and grabbed it, shaking her head quickly at Danielle. With a sudden smile on her face and a wink at us, she left it open just a crack, letting in a line of light from the living room.
