 Amicable

This Friday I had decided to come home earlier. I entered the house with an expectant smile, with the thought of Samantha, my wife. She should be at home, I thought, at least her bicycle was standing in front of the house, but she was nowhere to be seen. Probably she was with our neighbours. We lived here for just about one year and I was lucky that our neighbours seemed to be relaxed, nice people. Especially so, since Sam was a bit shy, when it came to new contacts.

I decided to go over to the Smiths. Probably we could enjoy a chilled beer together in their garden. My smile grew bigger. The Friday evening seemed to be promising. It was still hot outside. A beer with my wife and good neighbours sounded alluring. I just jumped over the low fence and was in our neighbour's garden. Then I walked in direction of their terrace, which was shielded by rampant shrubs. 

I heard someone moaning and it sounded pretty much like the moaning of my Sam, when she was sexually aroused. Then another female was moaning. Before I could make up my mind, why I heard such sounds, I went around the corner and what I then saw was in line with the moaning, but not at all in line with my worldview. Sam was laying on a sunlounger completely naked. Shirley Smith, equally naked was sitting between her wide spread legs, massaging my wife's boobs. And Shirley husband George had freed his erected penis from his trousers and placed it in my wife's mouth, who obviously hungry, sucked it under quit horny sounds of pleasure. This was far too much for me. I jumped back behind the bushes. My head started spinning and my dick started to grow until it felt hard and pulsating in my trousers. 

Was this really true? Or was it a hallucination? My beloved wife, who always was a bit shy, when it comes to any kind of physicalness had sex with another man AND another woman?

I peeped between the bushes. Sam really seemed hot and hungry. By now George had started to fuck her mouth with slow, small moves and she seemed more than content. Shirley's fingers, who had arrived between Sam's legs, seemed to do the rest. Sam moaned loudly.

"Our Sam is so incredibly hungry," I heard Shirley saying. Geez, what a redundant comment. Wait. 'Our Sam?' What did Shirley meant by this?

"Probably she has another hungry mouth," George stated and gave Shirley's hand, which was busy between Sam's tights, a salacious look.

"I think so," Shirley said in a faked casual tone. Now George withdraw his penis from Sam's mouth, who really seemed a bit disappointed, but as the man moved towards her lap she bit her lower lip. Clearly a sign of embarrassment. 

"Do you want to get fucked good?" Shirley asked her. Sam opened her mouth, but was not able to say a word. Probably her other mouth was busy digesting Shirley's moves.

Shirley withdrew her pleasuring hand and smiled expectantly, while she rose from the sunlounger. George took her place with his dick in his hand. I could not see in detail how he penetrated Sam, but I read from her face that he was doing it and that she liked it a lot.

My dick was rock hard, my thoughts raced. I turned around and went. As I tried to jump back into our garden I fell onto the grass. For some moments I remained there. I was very aware of my erection and my lust. At the same time I felt fear and shame. What was going on here? I always thought Sam was satisfied with our sex life. Well at least I was. Sometimes she gave me a blow job, but hell, she was never as hungry as she was for George's dick. And she seldom exposed her vulva as much as she did in front of Shirley and George.

At home I took a cold shower and tried to think and to remember. What did Shirley meant by 'our Sam'? How long since Sam had sex with George and Shirley? I guessed what I saw was not an accident, nor was it the first time. If my wife was not a completely different person, she needed time to get used to new people and even more time to discover new physical frontiers. And all this ought to be happened before my eyes unnoticed? I tried to remember situations that might have given me a hint, if only I knew.

Okay there was one of our first evenings together. After 3 bottles of whine the conversation became an interesting turn. Shirley asked how much partners we had before we became a couple. I said truthfully three and Samantha said I was her first. Shirley had chuckled and murmured that we both where quite inexperienced. Sam had just shrugged, but Shirley asked further if she never wished to broaden her horizon, probably with another man or woman. Sam hat just nipped on her whine. I had not paid much attention to this conversation. Until now.

I still tried to figure out how the woman on the terrace, who enjoyed herself in an allowedly horny threesome, was my wife, who, too enjoyed sex, but was not all too open with herself and others. Old feelings of inferiority rose in me. But my dick rose again. I sighed.

**

The next day I had not managed to speak about, what happened, although I could think about nothing else. Sam acted as usual, if not to say she pretended. How long the hell it was going like this? How often George and Shirley had fucked her already? God Lord. Sam was 27. Shirley and George Smith were at least ten years older. Although I had to admit both were attractive, in particular Shirley with her womanly figure and her long blond hair.

What I do realised was that Sam walked around the house naked or with just her pants on from time to time. This was something she had never done in our apartment, where we lived before we bought this house. This Sunday morning she was sitting topless on the couch, reading the newspaper.

"Say, are you hot?" I began.

"What do you mean by that?" She replied innocently.

"You are wearing nothing but your slip."

She lowered the paper and looked directly at me. "Is that a problem for you?"

"Not at all. I just wondered. Lately you do that quite often."

"Hm. I think I have developed a new attitude towards my body," she explained. "I mean I am an attractive woman. Why I should hide?"

"That's what I always tried to tell you."

Sam rose the paper again. "Some things need time."

I felt like a coward. My wife was cheating on me and I was not able to address it. I sighed inwardly. Probably I feared she would confirm my fears that I was sexually not enough for her. Or not adequate at all?

Suddenly she lowered the newspaper again and looked at me. 

"What's on your mind?"

Pictures of her on a sunlounger flashed through my mind. Pictures of how she enjoyed getting attention from George's dick and Shirley's fingers. Pictures of her open mouth, hungry and invitingly opened.

My hardening cock filled my shorts. Samantha's look rested on the bulge between my legs. "Now I know what's really on your mind," she chuckled. She put away the paper. "Come," she just said. I went over to her and as soon as I was within her reach, she grabbed for my hard manhood to feel it. "What a nice present," she commented. "You sure now what happens with presents?"

"No?" I murmured really a bit unsure. I didn't know me this way.

"Well, they get unpacked." She then grabbed in my fly and pushed my dick out. 

"Come closer," she said firmly. I swallowed hard. Sam bent forwards and took my dick into her mouth. I felt like an electric shock was running through my body. Slowly she closed her eyes and started licking my bell-end. Before my inner eye I saw George's dick in her mouth and how she had enjoyed him. Again I felt this dizziness. One part of me was angry that she was cheating on my and it made my even more angry that I was too afraid to confront her with what I knew. Another party of me got turned on enormously by the idea that I was not the only one, whom she enjoyed. I started to move my hips slowly. I had never done that before, seriously fucking her mouth. She moaned, but suddenly withdrew and looked up.

"Sorry, I just need you to fuck me right now, please," she said.

"Sorry?" I said, my voice raspy, my knees a little weak.

Sam stood up, turned around, and started to massage my cock with her buttocks, still with her slip on. I pulled the slip aside and placed the tip of my cock between her buttocks.

"C'mon, please..." she moaned.

"Which hole?" I really felt a bit helpless right now.

She chuckled. "As you like it."

I opened her labia, which were deliciously slippery with my fingers and penetrated her. She grabbed the backrest of the couch. 

"Yes, that's right," she exclaimed.

I began pounding her with long, slow strokes.

"Harder, please," she moaned.

Maybe this was just a dream. Sam had never let herself go this way. Never before she was so active and demanding when it came to sex. It sure had to do with the Smiths. Probably I should be thankful that they seemingly had increased my wife's sexual appetite. I did as she pleased and pushed into her as hard as I could without knocking her off of her feet.

"Hm...alright," she moaned. "Just what I need."

This was too much. I came with some hard thrusts, which was not unnoticed by Sam..

"C'mon, just a few more," she murmured. I did so and suddenly she climaxed herself, silently, with a very low and deep "Mmm" as she always did. I pulled out and she turned around. With her right hand she grabbed for her now very sticky pussy and smiled. "Nice."

Said this she left in direction of the bathroom. I slipped onto the couch, paying no attention to my droopy dick, covered with love juice of both of us.

Still I had no clue what exactly was going on. I was not able to talk to her; instead she had just fucked me real good. I closed my eyes. Again I saw Sam with Shirley and George enjoying themselves on a sunlounger.

"The Smiths have invited us over for this afternoon." Samantha's voice brought me back into reality. And what a reality it was.

***

"Great that you're here." Shirley flashed her bright smile at my wife and embraced her. I watched them closely. Was it more than the usual, hug between two female friends? Weren't there boobs a little too close together?

"Hey Nathan." George clasped me on my back as he always did. As if nothing had happened. As if he never had his cock in my wife's mounth and cunt and God knows where else.

I breathed deeply and tried to smile.

"What about some coffee and cake on the terrace?" Shirley asked.

"That sounds great, I'm quite hungry," my wife agreed.

Hungry for what? I thought. I felt jealousy. At the same time I felt arousal rising. I remembered how I had fucked my horny wife this morning. I knew all too well how wet she could get. The thought of Shirley and George knowing this too was more than a little odd. Besides, in my fantasy I had shagged Shirley nicely, but it was just fantasy. Now it was my wife, who had made real, what I only dared to fantasise of.

We consummated delicious carrot cake with some coffee and a lot of small talk. After we finished Sam and Shirley went inside to clean the dishes. I found that a little strange. Normally my wife would not join in such typical housewife activities that easily. I continued chatting with George for a little longer, before I excused myself in order to go to the toilette. I walked across the living room and stopped beside the kitchen door, where I could hear Sam and Shirley.

"It was hot," I heard my wife saying. "I think it was a little too much for him to handle at first, but luckily his hard member must have told him what to do. And when I asked him to fuck me harder it was so..."

Shirley laughed. "It turned you on, right?"

"Exactly."

"As I told you. Being loud is good for you, too."

Samantha talked about our sex life with Shirley? She was receiving advice from Shirley? So my wife's increased appetite for sex was really no coincident.

"I have to admit I feel a little hot," Sam confessed to Shirley. She laughed a little nervous. It becomes harder to be together with you, George and my husband. 

"I can imagine very well what becomes hard, when George learns how well Nathan has pounded you." 

Oh geez, I always thought Shirley was a physical woman, but she's a slut.

"I think I will tell Nate what is going on, before we have the next threesome," I heard Sam saying. "I seriously feel like cheating on him. This one threesome last Friday can pass off as exercise, but now he should get involved."

"And do you think he will play along? I mean..."

"I think so," Sam answered her. "After all he's a man with a healthy appetite. I'm not sure, what he will say, when he learns that George and I have done it already, but he will have no problems with you, I think. Plus, I think the perspective to fuck you will help him over doubts and jealousy."

Shirley laughed throatily. "I hope so, I would like to have him."

"I would like to watch," I heard my wife saying, her voice one octave deeper than usually.

A familiar tickle arose between my loins. I tried to breath normal. I felt light-headed. I rested against the wall. 

"Nate?" Suddenly Sam and Shirley stood in front of me, carrying two bottles of beer.

"Sam... Shirley.." I murmured.

"Have you overheard our conversation?" Shirley asked with a look at the rigid pole under the thin fabric of my trousers. I just nodded.

Shirley exchanged glanced with Sam. "What shall we do now?"

Sam bit her lower lip and grinned, looking at my lap, too. "What do you suggest, darling?" she asked me. I gulped.

"He can think, while I pay attention to his toy," Shirley said and grabbed for my erection. "I had not expected it to be so big." With these words she opened my fly and let out my stiff dick. Then she bent down and busied her lips and mouth. I thought my dick would explode any minute. This was surely the hottest oral action I ever received. And my wife watching us and grinning suggestively only added to the pleasure. Then she stepped behind Shirley and started to rub her pussy through the fabric of her shorts. Shirley groaned, my dick still in her mouth. I started to fuck her actively. As Shirley's moan increased I couldn't stand it any more. I just managed to pull away from her mouth, but shot my load on her cleavage.

"Sorry," I murmured.

Shirley grinned. "You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs."

Shirleys, still with my cum on her breasts, went to bring the kitchen roll. She handed my some sheets, before she gave the role to Sam. "Would you be so kind?"

Sam started cleaning her. I watched them, while I stuffed my manhood back into the trousers. Sam seemed to take delight in cleaning and massaging Shirley's boobs.

"I'm really hungry for more," Shirley said in a low voice.

"Me too," my wife replied and glanced at me.

"It might be fun to spare our appetite a bit," Shirley suggested. Both women grinned.

The three of us grinned at each other.

We went on the terrace. "Sorry George," Shirley said apologetic to her husband. "Took a little longer, hope the beer is still chilled enough."

***

"What took you so long?" George watched at us.

"Well, Nathan has found out," Shirley stated mater of factly.

He smiled. "How?"

"Oh, when Sam and I left the kitchen he was just there, he and his strong, impressive toy. Guess he has overheard our conversation."

I must have blushed nice shades of pink.

"So you have toyed around already?" George grinned suggestively at his wife, but seemed also to be a bit surprised.

"Yesss." Shirley grinned at him and then glanced at us. 

We sat down with the beers. "Cheers!" George grinned and took the first sip.

I glanced at Shirley, who was sitting with her thighs relaxed open. I could see that she was wearing no slip under her shorts or at least just a G-string.

I laughed a little nervous. "I'm still a little overwhelmed by the recent events," I admitted. 

George's grin grew even bigger. "I'm not," he simply said. "Shirley and I have become quite open over the years."

"So it is not the first time you..." I searched for adequate world.

"Have fun with others?" Shirley helped me out.

"Right."

"Sure it is not," George said.

"How did you get started?" I asked him.

"In general or with your wife?" George asked laughingly.

"Both." I said quickly.

"Well, in general it was, I guess ten years or so ago," George explained. "It was at Shirley's parent's home. We were on a regular visit. I talked with her parents and suddenly the doorbell rang. Her dad said that it must be the gardener. Shirley jumped up, saying he will let him in. Shirley's dad explained to me that they both knew each other. The gardener was working for them for more than five years. He supposed Shirley just wanted to say hello to him. I didn't think any further about it. After a while I went to the toilette. I opened the door and what I saw was pretty shocking. Shirley was gripping the washbasin and the gardener, a well-build Latino was behind her and fucking her really hard. At that time I had no clue what to say or do. At least I expected them to stop, but they didn't. Shirley looked at me, somewhat apologetic and told the stud to continue. I was baffled that this man had no problem continuing to fuck her. Just a few seconds more and he came. He then withdrew from my wife and I could see his juicy dick. He just grinned and said to my, "You're a lucky husband," while he stuffed his cock back into his trousers and went out of the bathroom as if nothing had happened."

"Geez, what happened then?" I wanted to know.

"Well, I need to cum really bad," Shirley explained. "The gardener and I had fucked regularly, before I married George. One could say he had introduced me to serious sex. I had vowed to myself to stop fucking him, when I got together with George, but this day I could resist. I had remembered what a hot stud he was and when I saw the unmistakeable bulge in his trousers I felt I needed it badly. I also felt even hotter, by the thought of George being nearby. I felt like a slut. Man, was I horny." Shirley laughed. "Well normally Marquez would finish me off, but this day I guess he knew it was not his turn to do it."

"So your husband did it to you?" Samantha guessed.

"Right," George affirmed. "I was puzzled, but not too puzzled to grow a stiff cock, by the view of my wife's pussy getting deeply massaged by another cock. And somehow the thought of her already creamed pussy, still hungry for more, turned me on even more. Shirley turned around to face me and spread her legs. She asked me to touch her what I then did. I felt the other man's cream on her swollen lips and inside her cunt. And Shirley told me real nasty things, like how good the gardener had stretched her pussy and that she need my really badly to continue. Of course I did. It was hot to fuck her slippery and creamed pussy and see how horny she was. When we finished we went down into the kitchen were Marquez was drinking some water. He grinned at Shirley and asked her if I had done a good job. Her answer was to open her legs and inviting him to feel it under her skirt. As you might think he didn't need a second request. He seemed satisfied and said that he always had known that Shirley had a big appetite."

"Yeah, I think, this is how it started," Shirley agreed. "I mean I was a bit surprised myself how much I loved it to have two men at my service." Shirley laughed.

"So have you done a threesome?" My wife seemed to enjoy the report a lot.

Shirley grinned. "Not yet." Sam grinned back. "But for quite a while I reanimated my hot relationship with Marquez. I fucked him and then told George about what happened and showed him what Marquez had done. Also Marquez loved to hear how George had pounded me."

"I can imagine that," I murmured, very well aware of how horny it made me, to know how much my wife had enjoyed George's dick in her mouth and pussy.

The thought of Shirley probably wanting me to fuck her in front of her husband turned me on. My dick was at half-staff from George's and Shirley's story, but now my love pole became rigid and fully developed.