 NOTE: This is the concluded part of this story. I thank for the comments posted by the readers. Definitely yours comments will boost me to improve my writing. Somebody asked me to find some editors. I tried this story and send it to a voluntary editor with his permission. But even after two months I didn't get any reply from him. May be he shouldn't find time. So I did the editing on my own and get my story approved. Some body commented that I didn't differentiate between 'Mangal Sutra' and 'Sacred thread'. I feel Mangal sutra and thali are sanskrit and tamil words which could be replaced by 'sacred thread' which is an English word.

*****

This part of the story will be narrated by Rupa.

It was 4 in the evening, when we get down at our place. It was raining heavily. Since it was a nonstop bus running long distance, destining to other faraway place they dropped us at the bye pass junction which is 2km away from the town. We didn't expect the sudden down pour. There is no shelter or hide outs for us in the bye pass. So we completely drenched in the rain water. The sari we wear became skimpy and sticked with our body curves exposing our hidden beauties. After sometime we found an auto and drove to the lodge where we already booked a room for us.

We become exhibitionist for all the males in the lobby and reception. I have seen somebody got an erection under their pants which they couldn't hide. The room boy guided us to our room enjoying our drenched body. He didn't left the room soon even after getting the tips. He prolonged his presence asking us if we require anything and speaking this and that. At last I drove him away.

I unrobed my sari and removed all my inner wears and stood nude in front of Gayathri. She was sighed to see me in that condition and felt uncomforted. I took the bag out to change the dress. The zipper of the bag was not fastened properly. The bag was filled with rain water and the cloths inside were soaked completely. I took out all the cloths and pour out the excess water from the bag. We don't have any cloths to change. I saw Gayathri, who was shivering in her wet cloths. I took all the cloths to the bath room, squeezed and put them to dry in the fan with full speed. It made Gayathri more shivering. 

I reached her back and hugged her tightly to stop her shivering. I surrounded her beautiful tits with my hand and shoved my face in between her shoulder and neck to comfort her. Sensing the warm feeling of my breath she was relieved a little from her shivering. I tightened my grip and tightly hugged along with me. I felt that she was nervous.

I asked her to remove her cloths and dry them. She hesitated for some time. I gave her the towel provided by the lodge and asked to change her cloths. She went to the bath room to change her cloth. She came out tying the towel above her tits. The towel was too short and it was covering her just below the crotch. Her beautiful white thighs stirred me. She was very shy and bent forward frequently pulling the towel below to cover her crotch. 

I lay in the bed full naked. Gayathri asked me, "Akka (calling of elder sister in tamil) don't you ashamed of being fully naked in front of me?"

I told her, "I will not even ashamed to be like this in front of your husband. "

She was so annoyed by my answer. It seems she didn't liked it By the time the room bell was ringing. I reached the door to open it still naked.

"Akka what are you doing?" Gayathri shouted against me.

I didn't bother her and open the door a little and looked outside; found the room boy standing there asking me if we want anything. He was very eager to push the door and come inside the room. I blocked the door with my body to avoid him to come inside. I ordered two coffees and asked him to bring a towel.

"Akka you are so courageous," Gayathri told me.

I asked what for.

"How dare you are opening the door in such condition," she wondered.

I smiled in reply. The door bell was ringing again. I asked Gayathri to get the coffees from the room boy and I will be hiding in the bath room. Gayathri hesitated and told she will not open the door in this condition. Without uttering a word I pulled the towel she wore and made her nude.

"Akka what are you doing," she screamed and covered her face with her hands in sigh. 

This is the first time I am seeing her fully nude. Her entire body was shiny and silky.The boobs were stood erect without any sagginess. The areolas were big round and light pink in colour. Thedarted nipples stood proudly in the center of it. Her unshaved crotch was covered with tiny tender hairs. I admired her beauty for some time. She flushed that I am watching her. She covered her boobs and crotch with her hands and rushed to the bath room. I watched her undulated butts which are exactly like two semi spheres.

The room boy hit the calling bell two more times. I breathed heavily in jealous and opened the door. The room boy rushed inside with coffees pushing the door and me aside. He kept the coffees on the table and starred at me from the top to toe and then concentrated on my boobs. Since the towel is too short I tied it tightly just above the nipples to cover my crotch to a maximum. It was exposing a small part of my areola and upper part of my tits bulging out from the ridges of the towel made me more sexy appeal.

He didn't show any sign to move from there. His mouth was fully opened. I looked on him questioningly. He asked for money for the coffees provided. The money was inside the bag which was under the cot. First I thought to ask him to drag the bag out. But later I decided to tease him a little. I bend below the cot showing him a glimpse of my ass cheeks. I noted his jaws dropped down and his pants spotted with his pre cum.

I gave him the money and asked for the towel. He said he forget it and brought it as soon as possible. I smiled at his intention to visit our room frequently. Minutes later he brought the towel. I unrobed my towel and enter the bath room in nude and locked it. 

Gayathri wasshocked and asked me, "Akka where is the towel." 

"Let us take a bath now" I replied politely and opened the shower.

Since she was standing exactly below the shower head, the water spilled on her body and drooled down along her gorgeous curves. Due to the sudden falling of cold water she started shiver. I hugged her tightly with me, colliding my huge boobs with hers. She was shocked by my sudden action. Anyhow the feeling of my warm body gave her some comfort which she liked much. She slowly surrounded her hands around my back. Now she recovered partly from her shyness. It reflected in her reaction. I slowly brought down my hands and cupped her butts. She moaned in a hissed tone. I kissed her fore head and dropped down my lips slowly to hers. I stopped there and bit her lower lips and chewed it. Her grip on my back was tightened. 

I darted my tongue into her mouth. The water and her saliva gave a different taste. I sucked her juice and spitted mine into her. I took one of my hands from her butt and cupped her breast and tweaked the nipple in between my fingers. Her breast was felt soft and firm in my hand. I massaged it with circular movements. She now got some courage;brought down her hands down to my ass cheeks and kneaded it slowly. I brought down my mouth licking her face and chest and stopped it on her tit. I darted my tongue and licked the nipple gently. Then I licked the areola in a circular motion. Her eyes were closed and her grips on my butts were tightened. I understood that she was seduced by my action and she liked it.

Suddenly I relieved her from me and soaped myself all over my body especially taking much care at my boobs and crotch. I saw Gayathri breathing heavily and admiring me with lust on her eyes. I want to tease her further. So I inserted my right index finger into my pussy and stroked it lightly. With my left hand I massaged my breasts and tweaked the nipple in between my fingers. 

Gayathri took the soap in her hand. She pushed away my hand which were on my boobs and started soaping them gently feeling the softness of them in her hand. She soaped my front up to my tummy. Then she brought her hand either side of me and soaped my back. In this process she collide her boobs with mine and enjoyed the feeling. She wontedly moved her breasts in a circular motion and fought with mine. She hugged me tightly with her and brushed her body against mine spreading the soap all over her body too. 

I took the soap from her and soaped her butts with my hand. My finger slid in between her buts crack and reached to her pussy. I clawed the clit slightly. 

"AAAHHHHH!" A deep moan came from her.

I spread her thighs little apart and enter my finger into her tight virgin pussy which is sloppy with her precum. I slightly stroked her pussy with the soap in my hand. She suddenly exploded with her cum which came out with the lather of the soap.

We came out of the bath room. I gave her the towel to cover her. She dried her body and to my surprise she threw the towel to a corner and lay on the bed in nude. I dried myself and lay near her facing each other. 

I asked her "How do you feel?" 

She said, "mmmmmm". Her heads were down in shy.

We were in the same position for quite some time starring at each other. She slowly brought her hand and felt one of my boobs. She rounded the areola with her finger nails. My nipples become harder and erect. She lifted the boob and measured it weight. I was quite watching her action. She slowly fondled the breast and pulled me towards her.

She hugged me tightly with her and showered kisses all over my face.Our tits pressed together and the globes were bulged out. I put my leg in between hers and rubbed her pussy with my thighs. She was aroused by my action,darted her tongue into my mouth and fought with mine. We exchanged our juicy saliva with each others.

I slowly came down and shoved her tit into my mouth and sucked it. Her hand pressed my head tightly against her, constantly kissing my shoulder and occasionally biting with her teeth. I fondled her boobs for some time. I made her lay on her back and I slid my face over her flat tummy and occasionally swirled my tongue over the periphery of her tits. I felt the smoothness of her flat tummy and slid my tongue all over it. I lowered my head towards her crotch. She tightly crossed her legs and hides her pussy with them. I put my mouth in the triangle and tugged her tiny hair with my lips. 

She pushed my head away from her and said, "Akka don't put your mouth there. It is my piss hole. It is too ugly."

I didn't mind her words; used some force to separate her legs and came between her thighs and licked the bulged labia of her pussy. Her hand pressed my head towards her crotch and she slightly parted her legs allowing my face to her pussy. I rubbed her clit with my nose and smelled her feminist.

I darted my tongue to tweak her clit. I split the pussy lips with my fingers and inserted my tongue into her pink petals. I swirled my tongue and sucked the juices. She entangled her body with soft moans. I split open her pussy lips and viewed the pinky cum soaked inner lips which contract and expand softly. The pre cum pulsed out of it.

Once again I shoved my tongue into it and swirled around. Her body shuttered and she came with a big flow of her cum. She held my head tightly and her nails clawed into my hair in excitement. I sucked all of her juice into my mouth. 

I came up and cupped her tits alternatively with my cum filled mouth and spread it all along her boobs with my tongue. I tweaked and pulled the hard erect nipples of her with my teeth.

She suddenly pushed me down and came over me and kissed all over my face and dropped down her face to my enormous boobs and shoved it tightly along it. Her hand came down to my crotch and rubbed the fully shaved labia of pussy.

I lifted her face up and kissed her mouth and tried open her lips with my tongue. She smelled her cum which is remaining in my mouth and nodded her head hesitantly and tightened her lips to avoid me kissing with her cum. I forcibly opened her mouth with mine and spilled my saliva which is with little of her cum into her mouth. 

She immediately reacted and said, "Uvvvaeee" and spitted the entire thing onto my face. She pushed me aside and rushed to the bath room to wash her mouth. I smiled on her reaction.

She returned from the bathroom and said, "Akka you are so naughty. You take my urine in your mouth and also tried to feed me that ugly one."

I explained her it is not the urine and it is her love juice secrete only when she sexually attains her peak.

She laid her side near me with one hand supporting her head and said, "Akka you are a genius! How do you know all these?"

I replied her with a smile. By the time the door bell rang once again. I got down to open the door. This time she didn't rushed to bathroom to hide her. She laid in the same pose; exhibiting her full naked body towards the door. I opened the door slightly interestingly watching her naked beauty which diverted my attention to hold the door properly. The roomboy made a sudden entry into the room and watched both of us in naked. Gayathri suddenly jumped from the bed and rolled herself in the sheet. I was stunned by this and exposing my enormous boobs and cleanly shove pussy to the room boy. She swallowed my voluptuous body by his look.

He also stunned to saw us in this position. He expected that we may at least cover with the tiny towel and he may enjoy the exposed part of our body. For his pleasant surprise we exposed our entire nudity to him. Immediately I got into sense and wrapped a towel urgently around me and shouted against him. He said sorry and disappeared from there.

After sometime our cloths were dried. We put on our robe and came down for dinner. I saw all the faces in the reception made a peculiar smile at us. The roomboy hide him behind the pillar. I understood he shared his experience with his colleagues. 

We finished our dinner in the restaurant attached with the lodge and went a walk inside the town and purchased something and returned to our room. We spoke some time about sex. Gayathri hardly accept having sex with male. She was adamant in her views that sex with a man is a sin and we will go to hell if we do it, quoting her mother. I didn't want to force her further in this regard and I stopped talking. I thought that, bringing her for lesbian is a great goal achieved by me today and I had hope to bring her to normal sexual intercourse with her husband as promised to him.

That night we had a sound sleep. The next day the work seemed to be finish in the evening only. So I phoned Raghul about our position and informed him that we will depart in the next day only. But unexpectedly our work completed by afternoon itself. We vacated the room and proceeded to Chennai around 4pm. Our cell phones charges were down. Due to that we couldn't inform them about our arrival.

This part of the story will be narrated by Gayathri.

When I reached my home it was 11 in the night. I put my hand on the calling bell and stopped by hearing some moaning sound of my mother. 

She whispered "oohhh! Slowly! Ooohhh! Slowly! Dad, don't be in hurry."

She screamed ,"Noo noo no! oooppphhh " in louder as if in pain.

I opened the window and looked into the living room seeing nobody else there. Our bed room door was open and the sound is coming from there. The bed room was lighted and I couldn't see anything from there.

I heard my grandpa voice saying, "wait for some time baby, I will come with oil and it will ease your pain."

Immediately I saw him come out of the room. My hand shut my mouth on seeing him. There was not a single piece of cloth on him. He was fully naked. His dick was fully erect and hard like a flag post. I had never seen such a penis standing erect. I used to see somebody penis during pissing on road side. It will be small, hanging and swinging around their balls. I never imagined it will be upright 120* in angle unless otherwise held by hand. He searched for something in the dressing table and found the coconut oil bottle and rushed to our bedroom with that in his hand.

A curiosity rushed in my mind and I want to watch what did he was going to do with that one. I moved to the backside of the house where the bedroom window is located. The window was not bolted inside. I opened it slightly and peeped through the slit. My breath was stopped for a minute. There my husband lay on his back and my mother facing towards me, lay on his top putting her legs on either side of him.

His hands were hugged her tightly along with his chest. She lifted her upward and sat firmly on his crotch. I saw the dick of my hubby was hidden inside her pussy. Now she lifted her hips upward and the dick slowly came out of it. I really surprised to see the thickness of it which is much more thicker than my grandpa. She now pushed her downward and his entire dick disappeared into her hole. She repeated this slowly holding her hands on his chest. The pussy lips rolling in and out while she doing this. 

There I saw my grandpa bathing his dick with the coconut oil. Then she came behind my mom and pushed her down towards my husband's chest. Her soft tits poking my husband's chest and the globes bulged out. She put her mouth on my husband's and sucked his tongue inside her mouth. Now my grandpa positioned himself on her back and poured the oil into her butts crack. He inserted her finger into her puckered hole and spread the oil all over. Then he lifted the bums of my mom, positioned his dick and gently pierced it into her ass hole. She lifted her head and clenched her teeth in pain. Her one hand reached to his dick and stopped moving further. Now my grandpa paused a while and then again pushed it slowly into her. My mom was nodding her head in pain. My husband held her head tightly towards him and clutched his mouth with her. My grandpa pop head slowly disappeared into her puckered hole. Now she breathed heavily and all of them paused for a while. 

Then my grandpa pushed his dick further deep into her ass hole, still it disappeared entirely into her. He started straddling her from the back while my husband was idle. Then my grandpa become idle and my husband straddled her front. Now they get a rhythm while my husband was inside her, my grandpa was out and when he was in, my husband was out. They straddled her from both sides for five minutes. I saw my mom's face which expressed lot of pain. Even then she didn't give up. She sometimes stopped them for a while and later continued. 

Now my grandpa body was shuttered and he cooed, "Ooohhhhbabyyy! I ammm cummmmming! 

His body became dense and he clutched mom's bud tightly and said, "Iiiiissssshhh" showing lot of expressions on his face.

He pulled her rod from her and landed it on her back. He held it foreskin tightly and pulled back towards him. A series of strands of white liquid forcibly came out of it and landed on my mom's back, on to her head and some near the window. Unknowingly I lifted my sari up and inserted my hand inside my panties and fingering my pussy which was wet with my cum. He slipped down from her and searching for his breath. Now his dick had looking like an inflated balloon. Still the cum is oozing out from it and drooling down on his thighs. There I saw some relief on his face, as if he completed an incredible task. 

My husband pushed my mom beside him and he came up on her. He inserted his dick into my mom's cleanly shove pussy and started stroking her heavily. My mom nodded her head here and there. His fingers clawed the bed. She drenched fully with her sweat. Her moaning increases according to his speed of banging her. At last my husband's body was shuttered and he pushed his dick deep into her pussy and kept it idle inside her. They were in the same position for some more time. My husband rested his head on my mom's boobs and teasing her nipples with his tongue. My mom's fingers brushed his hair in affection. Later he slid down to her next keeping her in between my grandpa and him. Both of them sandwiched her by hugging on either side.
