 We heard her knock. He looked at me and I got up and opened the door. She was dressed casual with a skirt and button-down. She smiled and I gave her a kiss as she entered. He stood to greet her and kissed her as well. I poured us all a drink as we sat on the couch making small talk. He was in the middle. As we drank another glass of Pinot Grigio, his fingers started to wander to her leg. I smiled as he seemed to sneakily raise it higher up her thigh. 

She set down her glass and scooted closer to him and allows him more access. Higher his hand went, sliding now between her legs. I played with his waist band of his pants and managed to unzip them. I saw flashes of her thigh and saw that she wasn't wearing panties. I moved from the couch so that I was in front of him and pulled his cock from the restraints of his pants. Its warmness filled my hand and then my mouth. 

He slid her skirt up to her waist and she spread her legs wider for him to gain access. Slowly he slipped his finger in and out in the same rhythm as I was sucking his dick. She closed her eyes and licked her lips. He nudged open her shirt and with his free hand suckled her breast. 

The nipple was erect as he flicked it with his tongue. With my free hand I touched the inside of her thigh and rubbed my finger over her clit. As he was fingering her, I quickened my speed and matched his thrust. He withdrew and shifted in order to take off his pants. As he did so, I slipped in between her legs and kissed where the juice had already been running. 

I flicked my tongue slowly over her pussy lips and separated them slowly. I dipped my tongue into the wetness and slid it up over her clit. He came around next to me, now naked and finished unbuttoning her shirt. Her large breast spilled out and he leaned in to bite the tips. Grabbing each side of her tits, he slid his dick in-between and moved up and down. She tongued his cock when it came near, and the wetness made it slid easily. I slid one finger into her tight pussy as I continued to tease her clit with my tongue. 

She was dripping down my finger and onto the couch. Sucking up her juice I stood up and laid her down on her back. He got between her legs with his cock in hand with preparation of entry. I positioned myself over her face and she readily flicked her tongue. As I was settling down onto her mouth, he slid his rod into her wet cunt. Slowly he moved inside her and as her pleasure grew so did her force in my hole. Her tongue felt so good, and my pussy was swollen with ecstasy. He leaned over and kissed my lips, tasting her on me. 

He opened my shirt and palmed my naked breast. He pinched the tip like he knew I loved as he continued fucking her. She grabbed my ass and pulled me down closer and my peak was coming. He reached between herself and him and rubbed her clit and methodically pulsed until she was ready to scream. When her orgasm came, she spend herself around his dick, al the while getting me off. 

Our screams were together as was our release. Slowly he withdrew and drug me to his lap. I sat on his cock facing away, my pussy wet from her tongue. I slid down his shaft and placed my legs just inside his. She got on the floor and put her face between my legs. Again she slid her tongue around my clit and it was more sensitive because of my previous release. She sucked the jewel that was swollen from arousal. 

As he dicked me from the back her tongue swirled in my cunt and sometimes traveling to the base of his shaft. She took his balls in her mouth and gently sucked them. She returned to my spot and as I cam again, she licked me up and down. I stood this time and I kissed her slowly, playing my tongue against hers. I bite her lower lips and felt the warmness. I walked to end of the couch and found what I was looking for: My 12 inch strap on. She smiled and walked over to me, sliding the fake cock into her mouth. 

She bent over the arm of the couch and I slapped her ass playfully. She giggled and motioned for him to come closer. As I entered her with the massive dildo, she slid her hot mouth over his still erect cock. Slowly I started, pulling her hair gently as she blew him before her. With my free hand I reached around and flicked her clit, feeling the hot liquid run down me. She spread her legs wider to allow it to go deeper and she screamed every time I rammed her hot little hole. Unable to concentrate on the dick before her, he removed himself from the couch and came behind me. 

Bending slightly, he entered me standing up. His thrusts in turn became hers, as the pattern feel into place. She reached behind and slid a finger into my hole as he banged into me. The pleasure was so great and I knew that I was soon going to cum. Slowly he withdrew and brought me to the floor. 

Taking off the strap on, he turned me so I was on my knees. Readily I put my ass in the air and waited for him to enter. I motioned for her to come over and she lay on her back in front of me. She scooted closer and spread her legs wide. The reddening pussy was glistening with cum and I greedily slid my tongue between the swollen lips. She held my head as I dipped into the hot hole and licked up the sweet nectar. Faster I went as he went faster, wanting her to cum again in my mouth. 

She gritted her teeth and threw her head back and I knew she was close. I buried my face deeper, probing the hole with my tongue and flicking her clit all in one motion. She screamed that she was cumming and I was prepared with my mouth tightly over it. She tightened her legs as they went around my head and her orgasm rocker her. When it subsided, she watched me as he fucked me from the back. Slowly she slid beneath me, her face now at the base of his cock and on my clit. 

She shook her head back and forth, forcing her tongue to slide across my hot bead. The double sensation managed to make me peak in a matter of seconds. I gripped his cock with my pussy and I heard him moan. When it subsided he told me he was ready. He began to pump faster, letting his sensation rise and making me scream in pleasure. As quickly as he withdrew, she and I were there with our mouths. 

We licked from base to tip, jacking it with our mouths. At the moment of his release, we were there; our mouths opened waiting for the white cream. It spurted on us, mostly in our mouths and it seemed like it would never end. When he exhaled, she and I kissed, sharing the cum between our lips and tongues. Wiping away the little dribbles, we all lay back on the pillows on the floor with him in the middle. We fell asleep with each hand on his cock.