 It was almost noon on Tuesday when Scott called me from his office. He and Melissa had discussed my business proposition and were set to go with it. They wanted to do the full investment, which would give them 40% of the profits. I was elated at the news of their decision but I kept calm while I talked with him. I didn’t want to appear overly excited.

“Well, what’s next?” Scott asked. “Do we need to set up another meeting or………..?”

“Yes.” I replied. “We’ve got some details that’ll need worked out and we should have some kind of written agreement between us.”

“When’s a convenient time for you?” Scott inquired. “I assume you’re still working at the club.”

“Yes, but I’ll give them my two weeks notice immediately.” I replied. “I’ll need to devote all my time to this business venture.” 

Scott and I decided on setting up our next meeting for the following Sunday. It would give me time to finish and refine our business agreement to suit my terms. From the tone of his voice, I could tell he was anxious for Sunday to get here. 

“Is there anything I can do till then?” He asked. “What about a location for our operation?”

Scott was in the real estate investment business so he should have access to listings of commercial buildings we might possibly lease. I told him what our minimum requirements would have to be. I suggested something near the downtown area. Lease rates should be cheaper there than in the newer commercial parks in the outlying areas. It would give him something to do and at the same time help me out considerably.

Amber and I let the apartment around 2:00pm. We were scheduled to do a shooting later that afternoon at Paramount Productions. Carl was a little vague about what we’d be shooting. Lately, Carl seemed vague about alot of things. He wasn‘t his same old self. 

My old Firebird was starting to give me problems again.  Time to look for something more dependable, I thought. Dependable but still used, nothing new! I wasn’t going to eat all that depreciation. We ended up taking Amber’s pickup to the studio, at least it always started.

“Hey ladies!” Carl shouted when he saw the two of us enter the studios. 

Carl was standing next to a couple of middle-age men, dressed in business suits. They followed him into his office. I saw Jackie sitting in her cubicle, restocking her make-up supplies. There wasn’t anyone else around, no technicians and no camera operators.

“What’s with the suits?” I asked Jackie. “Where’s everyone else?”

“Not sure who those guys are.” Jackie replied. “But Carl’s been kissing their ass since they got here.”

“Everyone’s left for the day.” Jackie added. “They shot two scenes, one this morning and one right after lunch.”

Amber and I looked at each other. Two men and Amber and I. Carl had to be up to something. I had a pretty good idea what it might be. If it was what I thought it might be, Carl would pay dearly.

The door to Carl’s office opened and he stepped out into the studio.

Jennifer, Amber!” Carl shouted. “Come over here so I can introduce you two.”

“Let me do the talking.” I murmured to Amber. “I’ve got a feeling Carl’s trying to pull something.”

Amber nodded her head and we walked casually towards his office. Carl motioned us in. The two men, probably in their late 30’s or early 40’s, rose from their chairs.

“Jennifer, Amber.” Carl stated. “I’d like to introduce you to Matt Wheeler and Paul Graham.”

Matt was the younger of the two. He was about six foot tall with an average build. His sun-bleached hair, almost blonde, highlighted his tanned face. His clean-shaven face was quite handsome. Paul was the shorter of the two, maybe 5’8”, slender with salt and pepper hair. His soft smile highlighted his face. Paul couldn’t take his eyes off Amber. 

The two men extended their hands to shake ours. Amber and I put on our sexiest smiles.

“Please sit down.” Carl said. “These two gentlemen happen to be your biggest fans.”

Carl was laying it on thicker than a used car salesman with a hard-on. We listened as he told Matt and Paul about some of the movies we’d made. The guys seemed familiar with out movies, or so they said. Carl hadn’t told us who Matt and Paul were or what kind of business they were in. He was building up to it gradually.

“Matt and Paul here are movie distributors. They just flew in from L.A. last evening.” Carl stated. “I couldn‘t talk you two ladies into keeping them company this evening, could I? Maybe dinner and a little dancing.”

I couldn’t very well ask Carl what I wanted to. I really didn’t want to speak for Amber without talking to her first but that was damn near impossible. I made up an excuse that Amber and I had agreed to work at the club this evening, even though it was our normal day off. It put Carl on the spot. He knew I was lieing and he wasn’t too happy about it. 

“I need to make a phone call.” I stated. “Mind if I use the one out in the studio?”

It gave me a chance to get out of the office, hoping Carl would follow me. He took advantage of the situation and followed me to the phone by the coffee bar. Amber remained in the office chatting with Matt and Paul. She entertained them with her southern accent and down home charm.

“What the fuck do you mean coming up with a bullshit excuse like that.” Carl muttered. “I already told them Tuesdays were yours and Amber’s day off.”

“What the fuck do you mean by keep them company?” I whispered. “What you really mean is have them take us to dinner, then back to their hotel rooms and fuck their goddamn brains out, don’t you?”

We kept walking towards the telephone by the coffee machines. Carl was pissed even though he was grinning a little.

“Wipe that fucking grin off your face!” I muttered. “It ain’t going to fucking happen with these guys.” 

“OK, what’s it going to take to get you to spend the evening with these two?” Carl asked. “It’s goddamn important to me. I know you’ve got a price, every fucking whore’s got her price!”

“Well, since you put it so eloquently.” I stated. “I’ll make it………..oh, let’s say, $3000 for both Amber and me.”

“No fucking way, bitch!” Carl grumbled. “$1000 and that’s it!”

“Hmmmm…….must not be all that important as you say it is then.” I quipped. “Not $3000 worth of importance!”

I picked up the phone and pushed six random numbers. Carl glared at me. He glanced back towards his office.

“Alright, alright!” Carl muttered. “$3000! But you better make them happy, damn happy. I want to see big fucking smiles on their faces tomorrow.”

“I want the money beforehand.” I whispered. “Not afterwards.”

Carl nodded his head and I put the phone back down. We walked back towards his office. I put my hand on his arm, just to antagonize him a little.

Great news guys!” Carl exclaimed as we entered the office. “Jennifer’s been able to change hers and Amber’s plans.” 

The news brought big smiles to both men’s faces. Carl suggested dinner at the guy’s hotel restaurant and maybe drinks afterwards. I told Carl that sounded like a good idea. Of course, he’d be picking up the check, I assumed. Amber and I agreed to meet the guys in the lobby of the Regency Hotel at 7:00. We shook hands again before we left the office. Carl followed Amber and me to the front door of the studio.

“$3000 Carl, now.” I stated.

“I don’t have that much money in my pocket.” Carl stated. “I can’t very well open up the safe in front of Matt and Paul.”

“You make sure you get it to the club before 6:00.” I said angrily. “You give it to Barbara or Jack. No money, not deal! I’ll call the club to find out if the money’s there or not.”

“It’ll fucking be there!” Carl exclaimed. “You just make sure the two of you show up on time.”

It was 3:30 when we pulled out of the parking lot. I asked Amber to drive by a car lot so I could look at a ‘99 Cadillac Eldorado, I’d noticed at a dealership on Shadeland Avenue. We stopped and looked at the car but I couldn’t strike a deal with the salesman, so we left. I made him a cash offer and told him to call me on my cell phone if he could get the sales manager to come down to my price.

Amber and I got ready to meet with Matt and Paul at the downtown Regency Hotel for dinner. I called the club a little after 6:00 to see if Carl had stopped by with the money. I talked briefly with Jack. Carl had stopped in and handed him the $3000. Jack didn’t ask what the money was for and I didn’t offer to explain the situation to him.

We left the apartment and headed towards the downtown area. Amber dressed in a dark green velour dress, slit up the side to show plenty of leg. I wore a white dress, with a sash draped across one shoulder. Amber called it “virginal white”. We both looked damn good, even if I do say so myself!

Matt and Paul were waiting for us in the hotel lobby. They both smiled and approached us as we entered through the glass doors. 

“Ladies, Good evening!” The greeted us. “Hope you two are as hungry as we are!”

Matt, the younger of the two, took my hand. Paul, put his arm out for Amber to grasp. We walked towards the hotel restaurant. Neither Amber or I were really all that hungry so we ordered something light. A good, stiff drink was what I really needed. I ordered a double scotch neat.

We talked casually during dinner. Amber asked Paul what Los Angeles was like. He was more than happy to give her a detailed description of the city. Matt asked me about making the porno movies, if I liked it and how I got into it. I didn’t want to tell him I was only in it for the money. I doubt if that’s what he wanted to hear. I asked him about their movie distribution business.

“We distribute for alot of producers.” Matt stated. “Carl’s operation is just one of many.”

“Wonder if Paramount Productions uses any other distributors?” I asked, coyly. 

“Actually, Carl’s under exclusive contract with us.” Matt stated. “Our distributorship is the largest and most successful on the West Coast.”

Matt handed me his business card. I scanned it over, noting his title of vice-president. Matt loved to talk about the movie business. I was more than eager to listen as he inundated me with tons of information about distributorships and retailing operations. I threw out a question every now and then just to keep him talking.

“Have you ever heard of Venture Productions?” I casually asked. 

“No, not that I recall.” Matt answered. “That’s a new one on me.”

“Venture’s just in their initial start-up phase right now.” I stated. “They’re going to be one of the best production companies of adult videos in the Midwest!”

“Really! Maybe Paul and I should look into them.” Matt said. “We‘re always looking for new material, especially if it‘s top-notch. Do you know how we can get in contact them?”

“Let me see what I can do.” I replied. “I’m sure it could be beneficial for both of us.”

After a nice dinner, the guys wanted us to join them for a drink or two in the hotel’s lounge. There were less than a dozen people in the bar. The four of us sat in a quiet booth in the corner. Paul and Amber were hitting it off really well. Paul was really falling for her southern charm, not to mention her sexy little body. Matt and I continued our discussion about their distribution company, CalWest Marketing Systems. I didn’t want Matt to catch on that I was pumping him for more information but I did make some mental notes on their competitors. I just hoped I could remember them all when I got a chance to write them down.     Soft music was playing over the lounge’s speakers. Matt asked me if I’d like to dance. I couldn’t say no, his alluring personality was a little overwhelming. The lounge’s dance floor was small but we were the only couple on it. Matt held me close; close enough to become a little intoxicated with his cologne. The more we danced, the more our bodies pressed against each other. Matt and I were barely moving on the dance floor.

“Looks like Paul and Amber took off on us.” Matt stated.

I looked over at the booth where we’d all been sitting. Amber and Paul were gone. I suspected they were up in Paul’s room, getting intimate in their own way. 

“Paul’s quite taken with Amber.” Matt said. “That’s all he’s talked about since we left L.A.”

“Amber seems to have that effect on men.” I quipped. 

“I’d like to tell you what kind of effect you’re having on me.” Matt responded. “But I don’t want my face slapped.”

“Maybe it’d be better if you showed me what kind of effect I have on you.” I whispered.

My remark brought a smile to his handsome face. I didn’t want to admit it but Matt was having a sensually arousing effect on me also. We left the lounge and headed towards the elevators. Matt put his arm around my waist as we rode the elevator up to the fourth floor. We entered his hotel room, pausing for a brief kiss. I wasn’t sure where Amber was but I assumed she was probably in another room nearby.

Matt tossed his door security card on the dresser. He turned and pulled me tight against him, kissing me passionately. I returned his kiss, pressing my lips hard against his. I could feel my body heating up the more we kissed. Matt held me close while we meshed our lips to one another. I put my hand on the back of his head, holding his lips hotly against mine. His kisses were making my body heat rise even more.

“You don’t have to be here with me if you’d rather not.” Matt stated. “I’m sure Carl probably pressured you.”

“Carl only suggested it.” I replied. “I really want to be here with you.”

I wasn’t lieing to him. Although I felt like a paid whore when Carl suggested we “entertain” Matt and Paul, I was feeling much differently about it now. It had been a long time since I’d felt this way. 

Matt’s hands glided their way up to the zipper at the top of my dress. He slid it down slowly, taking his time. I undid his tie, my fingers slightly shaking. Matt gently pushed the dress off my shoulders and down to my waist. I stepped back from him so I could slip it off. I put my hands on Matt’s shoulders, steadying myself while he took my dress off. Matt took his suit jacket off, tossing it on the chair next to my dress. I unbuttoned his shirt, kissing his chest as I exposed it.

Matt’s heart was beating fast. I could feel it when I kissed his almost hairless chest. Matt unbuckled his belt while I pulled his shirt from the waistband of his pants. My pussy was already wet just thinking about getting in bed with him. 

“Why don’t we stretch out on the bed where we can be more comfortable?” He suggested.

I kicked my high-heels off and walked towards the bed. Matt pulled the covers off the bed, leaving just the bottom sheet. I stretched out in the center of the bed. Matt climbed on the bed alongside me. He raised my arms above my head and bound them with his tie.

“You don’t mind, do you?” Matt asked. “It’s just a little fantasy of mine.”

I was a little apprehensive but I felt comfortable with the situation. My wrists weren’t bound tight, just snug. Matt slipped back off the bed and removed the rest of his clothing except for his white briefs. The huge bulge in his underwear, evidence of his aroused state. Matt removed my nylons, tossing them on the floor. He was taking his time, not rushing. Matt kissed my legs, starting at my ankles working slowly upwards. I’d never had anybody kiss me like that before. 

Matt’s lips kissed over the nylon material of my panties, continuing over my tummy towards my breasts. His lips made my body tingle.  Matt’s mouth traveled up over my lacy bra towards my neck. His warm breath on my neck preceded his wet kisses. I pursed my lips feeling my inner desires rise. Matt kissed my neck softly, slowly working his way towards my ears. My bound hands wanted to get free but I fought back the urge. Matt put his lips on mine, barely grazing them. His tongue then slipped between my lips licking them. I darted my tongue at his, pressuring it back. Matt wasn’t going to let me win out. He forced my tongue back, slipping his over mine. Our lips melted together in a long passionate kiss. I was breathing harder when our moist lips parted. 

I felt Matt’s hand slide underneath me towards the clasp on my bra. I arched just enough to allow his large hand to find their target. The clasp parted freeing my breasts. Matt lifted the bra up over my head but my bindings kept him from taking it off. My sensitive nipples hardened instantly. Matt’s gentle hands massaged and gently squeezed my firm breasts. He kissed my nipples, pulling them slightly with his teeth. His tongue flicked across them, driving me to the point of pulling free of my restraints. Matt held my hands, pulling the tie tighter so I couldn’t pull free. We kissed, this time our lips grinding hard against each other’s.

Matt slipped his hand over my tummy and inside my panties. He gently rubbed the mound of my pussy before sliding down between my legs. I pressed them together to make it more difficult for him. I just wanted to tease him a little but I couldn’t hold back. My legs spread, feeling his fingers teasing the folds of my pussy. My ass was pushing hard against the sheets as he teased me even more. I tried pulling my hands apart but the tie was too tight.

Matt hooked his fingers in my panties and pulled them swiftly down my legs. He immediately put his mouth on my pussy, his tongue working at the lips. I was quickly building up to an orgasm. Matt slithered his tongue deep inside me. He darted it in and out rapidly, tongue-fucking me, teasing me to the brink. I had a fantastic orgasm.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh……..garrrrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” I cried out, my body quivering.

Matt held me tight, his tongue still fucking me. My hips bucked against this mouth hard till my orgasm finally subsided. I was having difficulty getting my breath. I pulled my arms down and rolled over onto my side. The last remaining sensations of my orgasm made me twinge. 

Matt stripped his briefs off tossing them to one of the chairs. His hard cock jutted out from his body. He grinned as he maneuvered himself between my legs. My eyes widened as I saw his big, beautiful cock nearing me. Matt straddled my chest leaning over to untie my bound wrist. I took the opportunity to put my lips on the head of his cock. He held his position letting me lick all over the head. I rested my unbound hands on the top of his legs, holding his rigid cock with my lips. My tongue glided, wetting his cock with my saliva. 

Matt pulled away, my saliva dripping between my breasts. He lifted my legs straight up and spread them. I felt the engorged head of his cock penetrate the swollen folds of my pussy. He pushed hard, forcing my lips to spread. My pussy muscles gripped his fuck shaft as he gently eased it in deeper. Matt fucked me slow and steady. I matched his rhythm forcing myself to meet his thrusts. The feeling was incredible, a slow build-up to an exciting climax! I held onto Matt’s strong arms. He began fucking me faster and a harder. I increased my rhythm to stay up with him. We were both breathing hard, our fucking becoming more intense. Matt was plunging into me hard, long deep strokes. Our bodies coming together making loud smacking sounds. I gritted my teeth, forcing my orgasm to build higher. Matt gyrated his hips, fucking me even faster. I couldn’t hold on any longer. I experienced a mind-blowing orgasm. Matt came together with me, his hot jism spewing deep inside me. We both cried out as our bodies climaxed simultaneously. Matt’s mouth gaped open, emitting a loud moan. Our bodies shook uncontrollably, sharing our passion and pleasure. 

Matt collapsed down hard on me. I could feel his heart beating rapidly. Both our breathing was labored. Matt lay on me, motionless for several minutes. He slowly opened his eyes, looking into mine. We kissed tenderly, our lips melting together. It was much different kissing Matt than the other guys. I put my arms around him, holding him tightly to my exhausted body. Matt finally managed to lift himself off me. The cool air of the room brushed across my heated form.
