 (Note to reader: Point-of-view makes such a difference in how a reader relates to a story, especially when one moves from third person to first, as I have here. I've decided to re--write a few of my stories, shifting the narrative to another point of view, and hopefully providing a fresh and exciting reading experience. The below is one such rewritten story.)

*

We first saw him at the beach, just down from the resort where we were spending two weeks. He was with a girl as stunning and as gorgeous as he was. While Steve and I first remarked on the absolute lusciousness of the girl, I made sure to comment on the "big bulge" in the crotch of the boy's Speedos, drawing Steve's attention to the ample package of hidden male genital goodies. We shared a knowing smile, both well aware of our common appreciation for such goodies.

The next time I laid my eyes on him, I was alone and he was alone. I'd decided to take an evening stroll before dinner and as I turned a corner of the cove I saw him sitting by a bluff, his Speedos pulled down, his eyes closed and his hand wrapped around his cock, busily stroking it. I was taken aback. What about the beautiful girl he had been with? Why this secluded masturbation when he was here with such an obviously delicious and sexy prize, I wondered? I knew, though, that however satisfying sex was with a partner, and however much of it there was to enjoy, there was always a place for solitary pleasures.

I was a distance away but, luckily, I had brought my binoculars and now brought them up to my eyes to have a look. That brought my gaze close to his cock and the fist he had wrapped around it, very close. Now I had an exceptionally intimate glimpse of that cock, as magnificent a specimen of the erect male organ as I had ever seen. And I had seen many, very many. It was a big one, a very big one. It was long, it was thick, it was very, very hard, and it was beautifully, perfectly shaped.

I knew cocks, and I loved cocks, considering myself a connoisseur of the penis, especially the erect penis. And his was to cocks what a prized Bordeaux was to wines. I especially appreciated, in a cock, one which had that long stripe of muscle running along the length of the underside. That, I felt, always made a cock seem extra erect, extra tempting. As I watched this perfect stranger, with his perfect cock, I could see that he was feeling deep pleasure. He lay back on the large towel he'd been half sitting on and I saw his entire body tense and arch as his pleasure mounted. I also saw his hand slow down as his climax neared, something that I loved to do when stroking or sucking a cock, to make the pleasure and ultimate explosion all the more intense.

As I watched, mesmerized, I felt my cunt become wet to the point of overflow. I was tempted to go over to the stranger and help him finish but restrained myself, watching. After several minutes of building tension I saw his body tense and then his hips rise as a long, strong steam of cum erupted from his magnificent cock, thick spurt after thick spurt. My knees nearly buckled as I lowered my binoculars and walked back to the room.

When I returned to join Steve for dinner I described in detail what I had observed. Like me, Steve, too, was a connoisseur of cock. He had himself a wonderful specimen, one of his many attractions, in my view. And, even more importantly, he knew how to use that specimen. We now both wondered, bantering lewdly, whether this boy, too, knew how to make good use of his exquisite specimen. 

A few days later I and Steve were both surprised when we saw who we had assumed to be the guy's girlfriend hugging and cavorting with another man. The puzzle was soon cleared up. A guest explained that the two whom we had assumed to be lovers were actually brother and sister. The new guy was the sister's husband, who had just arrived with other members of his family to join the siblings. All this also made it more understandable that the guy would be off on his own stroking that big cock of his, masturbating. 

Learning more, we found out that his name was Raul, and that he was a nineteen-year old tennis pro from Spain. Now I felt emboldened, learning that he was indeed unattached and having seen him work that sublime cock of his. So I approached him one morning on the beach and started talking, confessing that I had caught him jerking off. At first he blushed, but then he laughed, especially when I complimented him on that cock of his.

Then I took it a step further. I explained that Steve and I sometimes liked to add a guy to the mix and get into a sexy threesome, might he be up for that? He grinned a wolfish grin and said he just might, liking my provocative look and manner. Now I asked, feeling bolder by the minute, whether Raul mixed it up with guys as well as girls. Here he backed off. He said he'd let a guy suck his cock and might consider fucking a guy, being sexually very open-minded, but that he wouldn't suck cock or let himself be fucked. That disappointed me a bit since Steve and I had enjoyed a couple of torrid threesomes that were no holes barred, everyone did and was done to. But I knew Steve would still go for a scene like this, where there'd be no reciprocity, but where Steve would get to enjoy that spectacular cock we'd been talking about for the past few days. So I said I was going back to our room, where Steve had just gone, and maybe Raul would like to join us. He said sure, but first he wanted to shower, then he'd head up to our room.

A few minutes later he showed up, saying that with so many relatives there now, the showers were being used and asked if he could shower in our room instead. Of course, I told him, licking my lips as I looked over at Steve while Raul headed to the shower.

Soon we were both in the bathroom, waiting for him, when Raul stepped out of the shower, stark naked and dripping wet. And what Raul saw right away was that I and Steve were standing there, just as naked as he was,

Now we approached him, towels in hand, and started drying off his sleek, lithe smooth body. As we provocatively worked our towels over his ass, between his legs, and right over his cock we could feel that cock quickly hardening. And Raul, looking over at Steve, could see that Steve was already fully erect, his impressive cock standing up hard and straight, a beacon of virility.

Soon Raul's cock was standing up just as straight, with me giving Steve a meaningful look as we both glanced downward. I had already glimpsed the stunning penis and now Steve could see for himself that my description hadn't exaggerated in the least. Last time I was forced to peek at that cock through a pair of binoculars; now I was running a towel right over it! The sight and feel of it gave my goose bumps. And there was something else besides its sheer size, its length and thickness, and its steeliness. That was the angle at which it stood erect. Like Steve's, it stood up from his taut stomach at a sharp forty-five degree angle, so hard and erect it almost pressed right up against his stomach. Some erect cocks are plenty big and plenty thick when erect, but they have just a touch of sponginess to them and stick out at a right angle, or even droop a little, rather than standing up straight, almost vertical. Those super-hard, super-virile cocks were the kind that did something special for me. Steve had a cock like that. And now I could see that this nineteen-year old Spanish tennis player did too, and his was even bigger and thicker than Steve's; his was truly massive. I felt my blood rushing from my heart to my face to my now-soaked pussy.

"Come to bed," I purred at the youth in my kittenish, seductive voice. And moments later Raul was between us as we pressed in on his taut, athletic body, reaching down together to stroke and tease his magnificent penis. I, who was good at making such estimates, guessed that he carried around ten stiff inches down there. And his splendid tool seemed almost as thick as my wrist. We ganged up on him now, me and Steve, as Raul just lay back, naked and happy, eyes closed, cock sticking up, obscenely erect. The two of us dragged our tongues down over his chest, teasing his nipples, then over his smooth, taut tummy until we found ourselves face to face, the spectacular shaft of his erect cock between the two of us.

Me and Steve now gazed at each other, our eyes blazing with hunger, lust, desire as, in an orgy of attentiveness, attentiveness to cock, we brought our fingertips over his taut penis, held it, stroked it, shared it, licked it together, two tongues gliding up and down from his balls to the tip and back again. We licked his cock together, then licked his balls together. We took turns, I licking his cock while Steve licked his balls, then switching.

"God! I really want to suck this cock now, don't you, baby?" I hissed, my voice raspy with heated lust.

"Man, do I ever!" Steve groaned. "I'm hungry."

"Hungry for cock, huh?" I gasped, nearly breathless now, as I licked my lips and then opened my mouth wide and clamped my lips around the bulbous cockhead, sucking Raul as Steve twisted the shaft in his hand, stroking the steel hard penis as I devoured it. Raul moaned and sighed, reaching down with his hands, pressing our heads against him, greedy for the oral attention, not just letting me suck him, but fucking my mouth.

"God, it tastes so fucking good!" I said after devouring him for several long minutes, then handing the cock over to Steve finally. "You suck him now, Steve, suck that cock! Let Raul see you're just as hungry a cocksucker as I am! He's really got a hell of a mouthful for you."

I watched avidly as Steve took the huge cock in his hand and started to suck it. Raul, unwilling to suck cock himself, had no problem with another man sucking his, loving it, loving it as much he loved having me suck it.

"Oooooooh yeah, look how much you love sucking it. You're such a fucking cocksucker, babe," I hissed lewdly, my eyes and Steve's locking as Steve wrapped his lips around the thick shaft. Somehow it really turned me on to watch Steve suck another man's cock, a virile stud sucking another virile stud, man to man. That should come as no surprise. Everyone knows how most men freak at the thought or image of two sexy women having hot sex with each other, a mainstay of porn. Well, many of us girls have the same feeling about boy-boy sex, that's for sure! So now with one hand I held the shaft, feeding it to Steve. With the other, I pushed down on the back of his head, wanting him to take as much as he could in his mouth and down his throat.

"You and me, Steve, we're such a pair of cocksuckers," I chuckled as I now moved a hand down between my own legs, feeling how wet I was down there, how soaked, my clit as hard as a marble. Staring at that gigantic steel hard cock between Steve's lips, I suddenly felt a need. I felt a need to have that cock inside me, inside my cunt. I felt a need to get fucked! So now I flung myself on my back and spread my legs wide open, smiling sexily at the two men. Or, at nineteen, should I still be thinking of Raul as a boy? Somehow that was appealing. I loved this moment, this "here I am, come fuck me" moment when my pussy was on flaming display, wet, ready and eager. Usually it was Steve who stepped up to the plate at a moment like this, but now Raul was here and with the kind of oral stimulation his cock had been getting, no one was going to stop him from forcing that massive cock of his between those open legs, and into that raw, luscious cunt of mine.

As he slid his sleek body between my open legs, Steve took Raul's massive cock in his hand and guided it into my pussy. Then Raul took over, working that cock inside me with one smooth, relentless plunge.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh god!" I groaned as I savored the exquisite moment, the invasion of my cunt by this spectacular cock me and Steve had been worshiping and servicing. I now just luxuriated in the exquisite sensations of my cunt being stretched, forced open by the thick powerful shaft of Raul's cock. Steve watched as I scissored my legs around Raul's waist, pressed him close to me, and arched my pelvis upward to get that big cock of his deep, deep and hard, craving the stunning cock power of this lithe Spanish youth. For Steve's money, I was the best fuck imaginable, a sensual seductress and a carnal animal wrapped in one. Now I aimed to prove that to Raul.

"He's so big, baby, he's so fucking thick and so hard!" I hissed, turning to Steve, sharing my feelings. There was no jealousy whatsoever between us two, each relishing the pleasure we enjoyed with others, Steve sharing in the pleasure I experienced with another man, or with a woman, and I feeling the same.

Then I looked right into Raul's eyes.

"Fuck me, Raul, fuck me!" I groaned.

He fucked me alright, hammering me with hard steady thrusts. His cock was huge, his wiry body strong and muscled. And I was in heaven, filled as I was with ten or maybe even more inches of thick, rock hard, virile cock! He was pounding into me now as I felt his big balls slapping against my ass, the head of his cock pushing against my uterus... exactly the way I loved being fucked. "God, you feel so fucking good inside me," I just about shrieked, bucking up to meet his hard thrusts, my cunt as filled as a cunt could be. Steve was rock hard himself, laying next to us two fuckers, me reaching out with a hand to stroke his cock. Then Steve reached out too, running his hand over Raul's smooth, taut ass, Raul pumping away furiously, fucking me. Steve ran his hand over the ass, then down over Raul's balls, even feeling that cock of Raul's, hard and wet, as it thrust into me. Then Steve grazed a single finger up and down the crack between Raul's cheeks, teasing him, wondering if Raul could be swayed to surrender that sexy ass of his to cock, as Steve knew he himself would be doing as soon as I had enough of Raul.

But I could be greedy; I sure wasn't ready to give up this spectacular cock! So now as I kept masking in the ecstasy that cock brought me, Steve slid down behind the teen, spread his cheeks wide open and pressed his face between them, digging his tongue into the crack, and rimming Raul's hole. He guessed Raul wouldn't mind that. Both me and Steve are devoted bottom feeders; we love to eat ass, not just cock and pussy. "Is he licking your ass, Raul?" I gasped, "Steve loves to do that. He knows what to do with that tongue, doesn't he?" "Yes, yes!" Raul moaned, his accented English so very sexy. "It feels so good."

"Eat his ass, baby, eat it!" I shrieked at Steve as Raul kept up the fucking, even more furious now, no doubt inspired by the tongue snaking into his hot asshole.

Steve knew me well. He could sense my breaths coming faster and deeper, see the fine sheen of sweat on my glistening skin, the murmurs coming from my throat, the way my body was quivering, the way I was clutching Raul, meeting his thrusts; Steve knew I was close, very close. I was about to.... climax!

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!" came the tell-tale groans and Steve knew I had entered paradise, my orgasms always so expressive, so strong and so vivid. He quickly moved away from Raul's ass to look at me now; he loved the look on my face at the moment of orgasm, and the moments after. I first gazed up at Raul, the stud who had made me cum, cum so strongly, then at Steve, the man who was here with me, sharing, sharing it all.

"I feel so good!" I whispered huskily, a blissful, radiant look animating my pretty face, my eyes alive with the glow of pleasure. But Steve knew me, knew me well. What I almost always wanted after experiencing a first, glorious, intense orgasm, was another one. So I was hardly ready for Raul to pull out of me. Instead, I deftly maneuvered, as I had so many times with Steve, so that our two bodies swung around, Raul below me now, I on top, straddling him. Steve knew I craved it like this, loved to ride a cock. And Raul's steely ten inch shaft was the perfect cock to ride. Steve loved the view from behind too, my luscious ass and, below it, my pussy wrapped around a massive cock.

Slowly, I began to rock up and down on the shaft, straining to take it deep, to the balls, breathless again, groaning, flailing my head from side to side as my wanton, pleasure-loving self, my fucking self, took over again. "Oh fuck! That feels so goddamned good!" I hissed excitedly, riding him as he lay there below me, slowly thrusting up into my body as I bore down hard with my cunt, grinding against him. Steve savored the view, stroking himself, hungry again. So now he got behind us, and, starting with Raul's big balls, licked them, then slowly and tantalizingly dragged his tongue up the length of the shaft as it pumped in and out of me until his tongue was wedged into that magic sweet spot where my pussy was clenched around Raul's shaft, savoring the taste of pussy and cock at once. And finally, dragging his tongue even higher now, licking my asshole as he had Raul's, when he was on top. "God yes, A big cock in my cunt, a warm, slippery tongue in my ass! What more could a horny slut ask for!" I rejoiced, fucking Raul with raw vigor, fucking him until, moments later, I came again.

"That was almost as good as the first one," I said, finally dismounting, pulling myself away, with some reluctance from Raul's cock. But I knew I shouldn't be too greedy. After all there was Steve. He and his ass had yet to enjoy the fucking magic of Raul's incredible cock.

"Okay, baby, assume the position," I said to Steve with a knowing glance. He had assumed that position for another stud with me a few times, but many more times for me myself, after I had strapped on a dildo. I loved fucking Steve, pounding his ass, and knew how much Steve loved having that ass of his pounded.

Now Steve got up on elbows and knees for the two of us, for me and our stud boy. I somehow loved it when a man did that, assumed the position and stuck out his ass like a slut in heat. I was so often a slut in heat myself and I relished seeing a man, a masculine man, transformed into a cock-craving slut. Usually it was the other stud who stuck it out and Steve who did the fucking. But this time Steve would be the slut, and he would be the one who got fucked.

Since me and Steve were enthusiastic ass fuckers, we made sure to bring the requisite lubricant with us when we traveled together. Now Raul watched, a little amazed, as I pointedly squeezed out a big dab of slick clear gel onto my fingertips and slapped it into Steve's ass crack, rubbing it over his hole, working more inside him with well-greased fingers. Then I told Raul to kneel behind Steve as I reached for his tool.

The pitch of my arousal by now was so intense that my hand trembled as I took hold of Raul's magnificent cock, its girth so thick I couldn't get my hand completely around it, the shaft so erect it felt almost metallically hard, like a length of steel tubing, but alive, SO alive! I held the stunning cock in my hand, slick and glistening from just having so thoroughly plowed my own cunt, awestruck by its size, its taut erect perfection. And there, an inch from the smooth, round cockhead, which was the size and shape of a large plum, was Steve's asshole, so provocatively, almost obscenely exposed as he knelt there, ready and waiting, sticking out that sculpted ass of his, waiting for it. The asshole was slick from my careful lubing, puckered, and unlike a pussy, clenched and closed. It seemed almost impossible that a cock of this girth could penetrate such a puny orifice. And yet I knew it would, would the way Steve's own impressive penis had so often penetrated my own equally clenched orifice. Raul, who admitted he had never fucked another male ass before, was powerless to resist at this point. I had him completely captivated with lust, pure raw lust.
