 I arrived at J.R.’s right at 7:00. The crowd was about average for a Wednesday evening. Not so many you couldn’t keep up with the drink orders, yet busy enough to be making a good profit. I made my way to the dressingroom and changed out of my clothes. I put on a pair of red nylon panties and my new red thigh-high leather boots. I checked my make-up before heading out to the bar. Marcus was escorting someone out the door, probably a customer who tried to grope one of the dancers.

“Hey Hon!” Barb greeted me. “Didn’t know if you’d be in any shape to make it?”

“Well! I’m a little tender.” I replied, smiling. “But other than that, I’m fine. I made it home in time to catch a long nap.” 

“So………..you in it for the money or the sex?” Barb asked. “Or both!”

“Just the money.” I replied. “The sex is just a perk.”

I had to admit the sex with Chris that morning was great. The lesbian scene with Shawndra was only my second time with another girl. I thought I handled it pretty well though. The adult video business was just another job, something I could make some good cash at. I wanted to keep it that way. I didn’t want to make myself reliant on it, at least not as an actress.

Carl came into the club around 10:00. He waved at Barbara and me as he walked up the circular stairs to Jack’s loft. Carl was grinning like he’d just screwed somebody out of a bunch of money. He sat down across from Jack’s desk and chatted briefly before coming down to the bar. 

“Jennifer! My new star!” He exclaimed. “How’s the hottest babe on two legs this evening?”

I smiled at his remark and told him I was fine. Carl said he’d seen some of the initial editing on the scene with Chris and me. The final editing wouldn’t be finished until late tomorrow afternoon. The guys hadn’t started on the scene between Shawndra and me. Carl wanted to schedule me for another double shoot in the morning. He didn’t like it when I told him I didn’t want to work two days in a row. Not right now, maybe later I told him. He wasn’t too happy but I didn’t think I could handle that much sex right off. I damn sure didn’t want him to know it. I was a “rookie”. I wanted experience a little at a time before going to the majors. We agreed on doing two scenes Friday morning starting at 10:00. I didn’t bother asking him what kind of scenes I’d be doing. I knew he was well aware of our contract. I had control of who, when and how.

Andrea and Fawn came over to the bar on their breaks, asking how things went my first day in front of the camera. Naturally they asked who I worked with and what we did. 

“Chris, the beach boy looking guy.” I replied, casually. “We just fucked.”

They looked disappointed I didn’t go into alot of details. Fawn acted like she might have the hots for Chris. I saw her eyes get big as soon as I mentioned his name. 

“Well…………….we fucked so hard we passed out!” I stated. “Actually Chris passed out, I just went all blurry.”

Andrea and Fawn’s jaws dropped at my remark. I told them about Shawndra and the lesbian scene. They’d both performed with her before and had alot of good compliments on her. I told them I was going to ease into this business, not go crazy just because the money was good. They both thought I had the right attitude but the money would eventually make me want to work more. I hoped they were wrong. 

Friday morning I got to the industrial complex about half an hour ahead of schedule. I rang the service bell. One of the assistants answered the door. I entered the large open area looking around for Carl. I didn’t see Carl right off but did notice the white stretch limo and a bright red semi truck parked near the overhead door. There was a young guy and girl wiping the truck down. I hadn’t seen them before but I probably hadn’t seen all the actors and actresses either.

Carl came out of his office, grinning as he approached me. He gave me a slap on the butt. I hate when guys do that but I didn’t want to bother mentioning it this morning. 

“Ready for some hot action?” Carl asked. “Going to do a scene in the limo and one in the sleeper of that big ass truck over there!”

I nodded, acknowledging his statement. Jackie had my wardrobe all picked out. She was waiting for me in her cubicle. I took off my clothes in the adjacent cubicle and walked over to hers. The young guy and girl stared at me as I made my way between cubicles. I assumed the guy owned the truck; maybe the girl was his wife or girlfriend. Jackie was her usual, smiling self. She did my make-up and hair for the limo scene. I put on some rhinestone earrings with a matching necklace. They sparkled better than real diamonds. I slipped on a red thong and a red lacy bra. Next, a long, red dress slit up the side with matching high-heel shoes. I’ll have to admit, I did look great in the outfit.

The crew was still setting up the limo for the scene. We’d have to shoot it with one camera. Carl was having a monitor set up so he could see how the scene progressed. We’d shoot the scene in segments. The editors would then paste it together to make it flow. I sat down in a director’s chair and sipped on a cup of coffee while they finished the set-up. The guy and girl with the semi truck were watching everybody scurrying around. The young girl seemed very nervous. Carl came over and sat down beside me, patting me on the leg. 

“You mind working with Richie on the limo scene?” He asked. “I know you two didn’t hit it off very good the other day.”

I shrugged my shoulders telling him I didn’t mind if Richie didn’t. I didn’t say anything more.

“What’s with the guy and girl over by the truck?” I asked.

“Them. The guy owns the truck.” Carl informed me. “The girl, I guess is his girlfriend. I’m not real sure. He’s behind on his payments some. I’m renting his truck for the day. The girl is willing to do a threesome scene.”

“You mean with me and him?” I asked. “No fucking way!”

“No, not with him!” Carl replied. “I want to use one of my regulars. Besides he doesn’t want any guy touching her. Just you will be touching her.”

“She’s going to freeze.” I stated. “She’s so damn nervous now, she’s about ready to pee her pants.”

Carl said he wasn’t crazy about the idea but they really needed the money before the finance company repoed the truck. I looked over at the girl; she couldn’t be much over 21 or 22. She was watching everything that was going on. I thought I’d go over and see just how nervous she was. I left Carl sitting by himself and made my way towards the young couple. The young girl froze as I approached the two of them. She was biting her lip almost chewing on it. I put my hand out as I approached them.

“Hi. I’m Jennifer.” I stated. “Carl tells me he’s going to be using your truck in one of the scenes.”

“Yes Ma’am.” The guy replied in a southern draw, shaking my hand. “He’s renting the truck from me for the whole damn day! Oh, I‘m Jed, short for Jedadiah.”

Jed appeared to be around 26 or 27, 6’ plus, skinny with unkempt hair. His jeans were well worn and his shirt had a button missing. He looked like he was living on shoestring.

I looked at the young girl; she was perspiring a little even though the air conditioning was keeping the building cool. She was rocking back and forth from one foot to the other.

“You alright?” I asked her. “You seem a little nervous.”

“I…….I’m alright, I guess.” She replied in a Deep South draw. “I’ve never done anything like this before! I‘m Amber by the way.”

Amber was 22, a cute little girl, maybe 5’5” with short blond hair and misty blue eyes. From what I could see, she had a fairly decent body. Amber had one of those “pixie” noses, I call them. Kind of short, pointed and turned up on the end a bit. Her jeans were tight enough to show her pantylines. 

I could just see the whole scene going belly up but I didn’t want to say anything to them. I thought maybe I’d discuss the truck scene with Carl. Maybe we couldn’t come up with something different. I had a strange feeling this was going to be a bad day in front of the cameras.

I walked back to Carl, trying to think how I wanted to approach him about the girl doing a scene with me. Carl motioned the limo scene was ready. He needed to prompt Richie and me on our dialogue and how he wanted the scene played out. He had some bullshit lines written down. Neither Richie or me cared for them. Carl finally agreed to let us adlib the lines. The camera operator got in the car first and positioned himself so he could shoot Richie and me on the rear seat. Richie and I got in the limo and sat there while the crew got everything set. We did a sound check. I looked out through the privacy window of the limo. Carl was sitting down in front of the video monitor. There was a problem with the lighting so we had to wait awhile.

“I hope you won’t hold it against me about what I said the other day.” Richie whispered to me.

“If I don’t sink my teeth in your dick, you’ll know I’m not holding a grudge.” I kidded him.

Richie laughed, looking right at me. I didn’t even so much as smile. I think it kind of scared the hell out of him for a moment. I finally smiled to let him know I was just kidding him.  “Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

Richie and I started adlibbing some dialogue. I was supposed to be some rich socialite bitch with an attitude. Richie was my paid escort. We said about a dozen lines or so before Richie pulled me hard to him. We kissed passionately, our lips chewing on each other’s. Richie put his hand on my neck pushing me against the back of the seat. His hand brushed across the front of my dress, pushing it down to expose my breasts. The dress was too tight for him to push it down enough but he kept trying. 

“Stop!” Carl shouted. “This ain’t gonna work! Jackie! Jackie let‘s try another dress.” 

“Carl, why don’t I just unzip the back of the dress enough to allow Richie to push the front down?”

“Yeah, hell that’ll work.” He shouted. “Let’s try that.”

Richie unzipped the dress about a third of the way down. We were ready to give it a try.

“Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

Richie picked up where we left off. This time Richie got my dress down enough to expose my bra. His hands fondled my breasts through the lacy material of the bra for several minutes. The bra made my beasts look bigger than they really are. Richie had me breathing hard. I wasn’t acting either. My tongue slipped deep inside Richie’s mouth. I tried exaggerating the tongue-to-tongue action for the camera. I was moaning constantly.

Richie put his hand on my leg, along the slit of the dress. He brushed back the dress exposing my bright red panties. I felt his hand sliding up between my legs, prying them apart. I relaxed my legs letting him spread them apart. Richie worked his fingers over my pussy, through the material of my panties. He was deliberately teasing me, forcing his finger hard against my slit. I was moaning louder. Richie kept rubbing me harder and harder. I lifted my ass of the leather seat but he forced me back down. 

“Stop!” Carl shouted.

Carl had me slip the dress off. I handed it to Jackie so she could take care of it. Richie and I were ready to continue with the scene.

“Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

Richie and I started kissing again. His hand unhooked the front clasp on my bra and it popped open. He pushed the cups back. My nipples were already hard. Richie gently pulled on my nipples making them harder. He kissed my breasts and sucked on each nipple. I had a slight orgasm. My body jerked suddenly. Richie held me till it quickly subsided. He continued working my breasts with his mouth. I felt his hand brushing across my tummy and over the lacy panties. I put my head back against the seat. My mouth gaped open, emitting a low moan. Richie’s hand slipped inside my panties and between my legs. His fingers rubbed hard against the wet lips of my pussy. I felt myself tensing as another orgasm started building deep inside me.

Richie pulled my panties off, tossing them on the back ledge of the limo. He spread my legs, propping my left leg on the left doorsill. 

“Stop!” Carl shouted.

Carl had Richie step out of the limo and take off all of his clothes. I sat there with my legs all spread out! Richie got back in the car and positioned himself kneeling between my legs.

“Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

Richie started licking all over my pussy, exaggerating the action. I gently put my hands on the top of his head, just resting them there. The more Richie licked my pussy, the harder I gripped his head. When his tongue worked my clit, I had a firm grip on him. I couldn’t hold back my orgasm.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh……….Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhh” I moaned out.

Richie kept his mouth on my pussy till I recovered from the orgasm.

“Stop!” Carl shouted. 

Carl instructed Richie to sit in the seat and for me to suck his cock. I looked at Richie and gnashed my teeth at him. He grinned, knowing I was still kidding.

“Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

I held Richie’s hard cock in my hand and started working my tongue up and down the shaft. I swirled my tongue all over the mushroom shaped head before slipping it in my mouth. I fluttered my tongue against the head. Richie’s body jerked and his legs tensed. I sucked down hard on his cock, bobbing my head up and down for a minute or two. Richie almost came so I stopped and licked his shaft. I put alot of saliva on it so it would be well lubricated.

“Stop!” Carl shouted.

Carl had Richie move to the center of the seat so I could straddle him. I got on top of Richie, facing him, my pussy just inches above his cock. Richie held his hard cock in his hand.

“Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

Jackie slipped a little lubricant inside my pussy. I lowered myself down on Richie’s rigid cock in one long, slow motion. I felt his hot dick filling my soaked pussy. I fucked up and down on his cock, increasing the tempo gradually. Richie kissed my breasts. I looked down at him and grinned. My back was to the camera so no one could see me grinning. I fucked Richie’s cock for several minutes.

“Stop!” Carl shouted.

I eased up, eventually stopping my fucking motions. Carl instructed me to get into the doggie-style position. I knelt on the seat with my hands on the top of the seat to support me. Richie got behind me, grasping my waist firmly with his strong hands. 

“Actors Ready!” He commanded. “Cameras and sound roll!”

Richie slid his hard cock into me with one stroke. He started fucking me slowly with long, deep strokes. I felt an awesome orgasm building. Richie sensed it too. He pumped his cock into me faster and harder. His pelvis was slamming against my ass. I held off till I felt Richie’s tempo change. I let the orgasm overtake my body.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…….Grrrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” I screamed out.

Richie pulled his cock out of me, shooting his thick, hot load up my back. My body quivered. I turned around, facing the camera. I was biting my lower lip so hard it hurt. My orgasm slowly waned. The camera was still rolling. Richie held my waist tight.

“Stop!” Carl shouted.

Both back doors of the limo opened up at the same time. Jackie climbed in and wiped Richie’s cum off my back. She shoved a towel between my legs so I wouldn’t drip all over the leather upholstery and carpeting. Jackie handed another towel to Richie. He was perspiring profusely, his sweat dripping on my ass. The cool air from the outside felt great against our overheated bodies. 

We both got out of the limo. The camera operator got out last. His shirt was ringing wet. We should have had the limo running so we could have had the air conditioning going.

Richie and I headed for the showers. I noticed the truck driver and his girlfriend standing behind Carl. They must have been looking over his shoulder at the monitor. I hoped they liked the show! Richie and I showered together. He soaped me all over and I soaped him. The warm water spraying from the shower was refreshing. We toweled ourselves off. Richie kissed me just before we exited the bathroom. His kiss took me by surprise. 

I saw Jackie standing in her cubicle. She fixed my hair and redid my make-up. We talked while she made the “repairs”. I told her about Carl wanting me to perform a threesome scene with the driver’s girlfriend. She agreed with me. It wasn’t going to go smoothly, if it went off at all!

“I’d get rid of that creepy boyfriend!” Jackie exclaimed. “He’s bad news!”

Carl came into the cubicle to let us know everyone was breaking for lunch. I told him we needed to talk about the threesome he wanted to shoot. Carl didn’t want to discuss it. He tried to blow me off.

“Hey! I’m not doing this scene!” I boldly stated. “No discussion, no scene!”

Carl took a chair across from me. Jackie was still working on my hair. I reminded him that in most one guy, two girl scenes, both girls get fucked by the guy. How was he going to pull off a scene where the guy didn’t even touch one of the girls? It would be a bullshit scene. 

“Well. The guy doesn’t want anyone touching her unless it’s another girl.” He stated. “I’m not paying her much so I don’t expect to get much in return.”

“How much are you paying her?” I asked. 

“Just $50.” Carl muttered low. “I’m more interested in the truck. I’m just stuck with the girl.”

“Why don’t you take that guy, Jed to lunch with you? Doesn’t look like he’s been eating all that well lately.” I suggested. “Jackie and I’ll take Amber to lunch with us.”

“What are you getting at?” Carl inquired. “You got a plan or something?”

“Let me talk to her.” I said. “If I can get her away from her boyfriend, maybe I can talk her into doing something with the guy. But…………..it’ll cost you more than a mere $50. 

“Here we go again!” Carl exclaimed. “How much is it going to cost me this time?”

“$200!” I quickly replied. “No negotiations! The only alternative would be to give the girl $50 to stay out of the way and just do a straight hetero scene with me and the guy.” 

Carl grinned and agreed it was worth a try. He’d go over and ask Jed to go with him and the guys. I told him to send the girl, Amber over to my cubicle. 

A few minutes later, Amber entered Jackie’s cubicle. Jackie was misting a little hair spray on my hair. She stood off to the side watching us. Amber still appeared a little nervous. I introduced Amber to Jackie to break the ice. 

“How about the three of us go somewhere for lunch?” I asked. “Maybe pizza. My treat.”

Amber quickly smiled at my offer. She thought it sounded like a great idea. Amber looked like she was starved. She followed me over to my cubicle. I noticed her checking me out. I was still naked. I dressed quickly and the three of us headed out for lunch. We ended up at a nice little pizza restaurant up on the strip, not far from J.R.’s. We grabbed a corner booth so we could have some privacy while we talked. I sat across from Amber in the booth.

“So, how long have you and your boyfriend been on the road?” I casually asked Amber.

“Jed! Oh, he’s not my boyfriend. He’s just a friend of my brother’s.” Amber stated.

“Oh! So you’re just traveling with him?” I inquired. “Kind of keeping him company.”

“Well, I’m looking for a job.” She replied. “Down in Dumas, Arkansas there ain’t any jobs. Everything’s closing down and moving to Mexico. I ain‘t worked long enough to draw unemployment.”

I could tell the girl was desperate for money. She really needed the $50 she was going to get from Carl for doing the threesome scene. I felt so sorry for Amber. I could picture myself, just a couple of weeks ago, looking at the same scenario. Amber could really use $200.   

The waitress served the pizza. Amber ate like she hadn’t seen real food in several days. Jackie noticed it too. I decided to press on with my questions, winking at Jackie, in case I needed help.
