 This is my first story, so please leave a comment on any positive/negative parts that you found. I have a few large story ideas but a fellow lit author told me to start small with a short story before tackling a large project. So here is my short story, it is really quick into the heated scenes but I tried my hardest to keep a small story going through all the smut.

I hope you all enjoy and no-one in the story is under 18. 

*****

I'm shaking so much! I couldn't believe I'd actually driven here. Two-hundred kilometres of driving based on a promise, but that promise could see me through university without another worry.

My stomach has been trying to turn inside out for the past hour, never would I have I thought I could be so excited and so terrified at the same time. My nerves were fine when I left home but my fear kicked in as I got closer and closer to making this a reality. 

A "girly" girl would be the last thing that anyone would ever call me, unless they saw me tonight. I spent all day yesterday at a beauty salon with my friend. My nails, hair and makeup all done up. 

This isn't me, I should be in a tank top and shorts, not this black silk cocktail dress and stiletto heels. I wanted to be sexy tonight, so I had to turn to the only help I could find, Toni. I simply told her I was going on a date and the rest was her, though I thought it better to leave out the little detail of being paid to go on this date.

She curled my hair and sprayed it with all kinds of ungodly things. Now it feels fake and... bouncy? She even dyed it black. Toni said it makes my eyes even bluer, whatever that means. My face feels like it's coated in wax from all the makeup caked on me.

Sitting in my car, outside a nameless old building, parked by a dark alley at seven in the evening, all I could think about was how I got here.

A strange man comes up to you and offers you enough cash to make your dreams come true, if only you become his slave for one night. 

What would any self-respecting girl do? Tell him to fuck off is what they'd do! The possibilities running through my mind had me think twice though. 

It's what I would have done if he was a normal man, but this man was odd. He just seemed to have this stare that made me melt, all I could think of was all the things he would do to me. I hated to admit it but it turned me on a little, plus I have always fantasised about doing something truly careless and wild. 

"You are MINE until midnight, you will do anything I tell you, no matter what," his grin searing into my memory.

"No fuckin' way! So you can beat and rape me?!" 

All he let out from that was a little chuckle. "I will not beat or cut you. If you ever want to back out, give up the money and go home, just say the safe word," his voice echoed in my mind. 

I've been with a few guys, but never had the guts to do anything out of the ordinary, and never had sex with someone I just met. I guess he saw that in me and that's why he would pay so much. Would it be so bad if I did this just once? For the money?

Tap

Tap

Tap

Suddenly, reality reared its ugly head and snapped me back to where I should be. There he is, the strangely handsome man, the type that has impossibly perfect features, the type that you can never tell the age. Wearing a black suit, black shirt and a blood red tie. Smiling that smile that seems to get him anything he would ever want, and as it seems, that was me tonight.

He opened the door of my beat up old car with a bow, hand extended to help me out. Nervously, I took his hand and very unsteadily climbed out to the pavement. Those ridiculous shoes Toni gave me almost broke my ankle, the heels are almost two inches for Christ's sake!

"I'm glad you made it, I was getting worried you might have changed your mind," his voice was like silk but also masculine, he reminded me of a panther - smart, stealthy, sleek and oh so beautiful.

"I always keep my word," I pathetically tried to sound confident, but it was obviously just a front and we both knew it.

He just smirked back. "I like a girl who is determined."

A tingle ran its way down my spine as he finished that sentence. It sounded almost like a challenge to him, oh god, what have I got myself into?

"Come, it's freezing out here," still softly holding my hand, he led me to the door closest to us. 

Clearly it was white once, but most of the paint had flaked and fallen off. My head just kept playing scenes of old 90's B-grade horror movies as he grabbed the knob and roughly jerked it open, it screamed and squealed in protest of being moved but eventually allowed us access.

The realisation of it all was hitting me with every step as I made my way inside. My heart was pounding, I couldn't believe I was doing this. Adrenaline ran through my body and my hands were shaking uncontrollably.

He continued through a series of rooms with me in tow, each one bare of anything except dust and cobwebs. Every room we entered, I felt a little more lost and a lot more scared. Countless doors were passed as we navigated the maze of this run-down building. 

By the time we reached the ninth room I was close to having a full panic fit, but in the tenth room there was a nice warm light. Heat washed over me, sending the chill from my body, a stark contrast to the previous dark and cold rooms. 

He sighed out happily "we're here," before turning to me and pulling me gently inside.

It looked like a room where you would shoot a porno, white carpet, blank walls and a king size bed in the centre with blood red linen. The only other furniture was a little oil heater in the corner and a single table on the left with a fat envelope.

He gestured toward the table. "As promised, all of it is there. I am sure you can trust my counting but if you want you can check."

Just to make it look like I was in some sort of control, I walked over to the table and picked up the envelope. Inside was more money than I have ever seen - I tried to hide facial expression but accidentally let out a gasp. 

I dropped the envelope back onto the table and spun to face him. 

"Please, get comfortable on the bed, I just need to fetch something." 

I moved over to the bed as he left the room.

Instantly my feet felt the relief when I flicked the clasps of my shoes off. They fell from my feet and I tucked my legs up. "Aahhh, so much better," I quietly sighed in relief. How do women wear those horrid things for an entire night?

While waiting for the man to come back I began to wonder. This room had fresh paint. A brand-new bed, lovely silk linen. There was no doubt this man had money, and a lot of it. Why drag me here? Why not book out a hotel? He did promise not to hurt me, why am I so stupid for believing in him? Why the hell would he drag me here if he even had the notion of leaving me alive!? 

Soon I was thinking of escape plans as my panic exponentially grew. I almost jumped out of my own skin when the he returned.

Through my panic, I moved to get up and run. "What's wrong? I just had to go get my phone." He pulled a small cell phone from his pocket as if he were presenting a gun to the police after being arrested.

My panic slowly soothed with the childish smile that grew on his face. I sat back down, pulling my feet under me, showing off my legs as my dress rode up to mid-thigh.

He let out a small laugh as his eyes travelled my body. "I thought you looked uncomfortable in those shoes." 

All I could do was look down to my lap and blush.

"You look beautiful tonight." He smiled warmly.

"But you didn't need to go to that much effort. I liked the way you looked the other day," 

I looked up at him confused. "For how much money this is, I thought I should look as nice as possible."

He let out a sharp laugh. "For how much money this is, I could buy thirty girls that dress up like you are now. I wanted you because you look so... normal." His voice changed for the last word, taking on a predatory tone. I felt shivers of both fear and lust rush up my spine.

"Ahh." Was all I could let out.

As suddenly as the predator beneath his skin showed, it disappeared again. "You were just dressed in a blue shirt with a high neckline and a picture of a tree on the front. Dark jeans that hugged your ass so well and black runners. You looked like a girl who knows who she is. I find that incredibly attractive," he said then added after a sigh, "but very expensive." 

My eyes grew wide as he recalled everything so accurately, it was unusual to have someone pay such close attention to me. Warmth slowly grew throughout me and I couldn't help but smile at the compliment.

"Well I guess you have me."

"Only for one night though, unfortunately." He looked playfully sad, putting on the slightest of pout but still looking sharp and handsome. "Do you remember the rules? I take them very seriously."

I nodded. "I do anything you say under the condition that you don't beat or cut me, midnight is when it all ends and if I don't do what you say, or I say the safe word, you take the money and we call it quits."

While reciting the rules, images of all the things this man could be doing to me on this bed flooded my mind. The excitement built but my stomach was still doing flips.

"Have you chosen a safe word?"

I couldn't help but look away from him, a little embarrassed. Although the money would be saved for all my university expenses, there'd be enough to buy something I always wanted. 

"BMW,"

He let out a small laugh. "Good, now take off your panties and your bra, but keep the dress on."

A little shocked at how suddenly his demeanour changed, I sat there with a partially open mouth.

After a small pause he snapped me back to reality "Well I guess that was a quick night, if you can't even follow the first command,"

Quickly, I jumped up to my knees and moved my fingers under the dress. I found the waistband of my panties and pulled them to my knees. Keeping my legs closed, I sat back down and slipped them off. 

Performing the difficult manoeuvre of removing your bra without taking your tight cocktail dress off is hard. I easily unclasped the back, but when I pulled the cups out of the top, both of my breasts spilled out. 

Stunned, I looked up and found him quietly smiling away, staring at my chest. I desperately tried to stuff them back into my dress.

"I want you to play with yourself." His orders were completely different to what I expected him to be like. He was so kind and attentive, now he was blunt. I think it excited me even more this way.

I let out a little gasp, obviously knowing where this night was headed, but it still shocked me anyway. Having learned my lesson however, I quickly responded by sliding my hand up my thigh.

The fake nails I had on tickled my skin lightly.

I spread my legs only slightly, his view still obstructed by my dress and knees, allowing access for my hand to reach my smooth mound. I jumped when a finger finally contacted my soaked lips.

Closing my eyes, I couldn't help but let out a slight moan as I pushed just the tip of my middle finger inside, covering it in viscous juices. 

Lost in my own world, filthy images of his body began to populate my mind. Another jump followed by a gleeful gasp escaped my lips, my clit finally got some attention. My fingers slowly rubbed circles around the little button, I felt his eyes as they wandered over my body. 

His beautiful cock was just poised above me, his lips ravaging my naked breasts. It pressed softly to my swollen, wet lips. I moaned into his ear for him to fuck me and fuck me hard. The pressure of an orgasm built and was about to burst...

"Open your eyes and look at me." 

I jolted and stared at him, frozen as a deer caught in headlights.

"Keep going, but don't enter yourself, I can't have you too worked up yet." He smiled 

I rubbed my clit again, the glorious images raced back into my mind. 

His beautiful cock reappeared in my mind as the pace of my hand increased, I could feel the first glimpse of an orgasm on the horizon, my eyes started to flutter.

"I told you to look at me," His smile was gone, and the tone suddenly felt dangerous and threatening.

I started again, slow. I couldn't trust myself to go faster, no matter how desperately I wanted to. 

My whole body was tensed with frustration as fingertips played softly around my throbbing clit. He shifted slightly, my gaze dropped from his eyes down to his crotch. The obvious bulge in his pants made my entire body shiver.

Quickly I returned my gaze to his eyes, terrified of failing him and losing what I was here to earn.

Eventually, my entire body was twitching and writhing. I needed to keep it slow but oh god I needed it. The orgasm was always just out of my reach, a few small flicks in the right place and I'd be in ecstasy. 

"Stop," I jumped as he spoke, his voice breaking the spell I wound over myself.

"Come here and get down on your knees," he beckoned.

I had to pull my hand away from my aching, soaked pussy. An almost painful moan left my lips as it took every inch of my willpower to stop playing.

Knowing what he wanted, I climbed from the bed and stepped silently over to him, dropped to my knees and moved my hands to his straining zipper but instantly froze.

"I didn't tell you to do anything other than kneel." His voice was cold and level, but it still struck terror inside of me again.

"I'm sorry." Was all I could stammer out as my hands lowered to my lap. I looked to his feet in shame.

He stood and with both a mischievous and wicked grin he commanded: "Now I want you to pull it out and suck it, oh, and look me in the eye the entire time."

Slowly, my eyes travelled from his shiny, black shoes up his Armani trousers. I took in the sight of his tented crotch for the mere seconds I thought I could spare, before I continued up his torso to meet his piercing eyes.

My hands trembled as I raised my hands to his zipper, slowly pulling it over the bulge. It excitedly twitched as I exposed his cotton briefs hidden inside. I found the waistband of his briefs and pulled them down, his gorgeous tool sprung out, hitting my chin with a soft pat. 

His eyes drilled into my soul the entire time.

I wrapped my hand around it, my fingers felt so lithe and tiny around his strong member. I leaned back slightly and guided the head to my lips, softly I placed a kiss on the end. My pussy sent spasms through my entire body and it was multiplied further with the look of satisfaction coming from his face.

Leaning forward, the head slowly pushed past my teeth to my waiting tongue. My eyes were still glued to his and my tongue seemed to develop a mind of its own. It ran all over the head and explored every crevice it could find.

"Oh yessssss," he hissed. My tongue ran sharply back and forth over the underside of the head.

Having Pushed further forward, I let my tongue explore every delicious curve and vein on the surface of his shaft. As sensuously as I possibly could, I let out a soft moan into the bulging head, holding my gaze with his. The feeling of his eyes on me only made the heat between my legs intensify.

I let all the suction in my lips release, my head slid down toward his pelvis, taking most of his cock in before the final inch hit my throat. My lips sealed tight again and I pulled up, my tongue was free to explore any part of him it could reach on the journey back to the head.

"Mmmmmm you look exquisite," he moaned while I engulfed his engorged cock.

His fingers softly played with my hair and my own moan hummed through his tool while I started to speed up my routine. 

He gripped a full handful of hair which took me by surprise. I let out a squeak, but didn't dare slow my movements. Soon he was slightly thrusting into me, matching my pace.

"Play with yourself slowly," he panted out, "and make me come in that horny little mouth of yours."

"Mmmmphfff." Was all I could do to show him I heard. The change in his demeanour took me off guard and was not helping desperate throbs coming from my pussy.

He gave me my goal though, if he wanted to cum, hopefully he would be spent. I could go home, finish myself off to the most intense orgasm ever and be a lot richer in the process.

His thrusts became more urgent, every downward stroke hit my throat harder which made my eyes water up. I knew I had to keep eye contact, but it would be impossible unless I tried something I never had tried before. With nothing but the money in mind, I had to try and force it into my throat for good. 

Just think of the money.

"Aaahhhh god," he said through gritted teeth, I could tell he was close.

My fingers wrapped around each of his ass cheeks and I forced myself down hard. Frantically, I tried to swallow the end of his rock hard and throbbing cock.

It took him two of his own frantic thrusts to realise what I was doing, but he quickly helped by pulling my head forcibly into his rod. After a few excruciating seconds, tension suddenly released and the desperate need to gag was gone. I felt my throat stretch to accommodate his cock as my nose sunk to his belt. 

He let out a deep, guttural groan as his body twitched and jerked erratically. 

The world around me spun, but my one goal was at the centre of the spin, his stare. 

A slick feeling coated the inside of my neck as his member pumped shot after shot of his seed down to my stomach. His jerks became less intense as his orgasm slowly abated.

It was weird that I didn't have to swallow any of it, that must be a good benefit of deepthroating.

What felt like an eternity later, the pressure behind my head let go and I recoiled off his tool. I gasped for air but still kept my eyes locked to his, though his face was now quite bleary.

With a shudder, he softly told me to return to the bed. I complied with hope that this date could possibly be coming to an early close.

I climbed onto the bed and sat on my feet; he took his seat and just smiled at me. The heat between my thighs was almost painful.

"What are you thinking?" he said through a mild grin.

That took me off guard, my mind scrambled for an answer to make him happy. "I... was thinking, I was excited for what you will do to me next." I blushed and looked down; I wanted to tell him to fuck me like a dog in heat!

He let out a short, sharp laugh: "And what would you like that to be?"

His stare was intense, I felt that he demanded the truth, "Ah... for you to..." I grinned uncontrollably.

"Mmmm?" His eyebrows raised.

"For you to pin me down and fuck me hard!" I blurted out, then immediately covered my mouth, amazed that such language escaped my lips in the first place.

He let out an obviously fake gasp through his smug grin. "Oh? Would you love the feel of me deep inside you?"

The tension in the air was so taut. "Yes," I squeaked out. All that ran through my mind was the glorious image of his strong upper body holding my arms. As he thrust into my aching pussy. 

When the wordplay is done, I'll get fucked, he'll cum again, I can finally have that mind-blowing orgasm and then both of us leave with no regrets. 

It's ok to enjoy the night if I get paid, right?

"How much do you want it?"

"So badly I need it." I inched forward on the bed.

He leant back and contemplated my answer.

He suddenly stood, snapping the tension of our discourse. "Not enough it seems." He then zipped himself back up and walked briskly to the door. 

I let out a little gasp of fear, thinking he was leaving, my pussy ever painfully throbbing and reminding me of its need for attention. 

Had I failed? Oh god!

He opened the door and greeted three men as they walked in, all wearing suits, two in grey and one in blue. All three of them looked to be very successful with clean shaven faces and short, sharp haircuts. I just sat, mouth agape in shock.
