 As I strolled through the hotel lobby and out to my car, I wasn't sure if I'd sold James Harris and Colin Douglas on my business proposal or not. Colin's remark about "staying on-board" was a positive sign. I'd just have to wait patiently and see what happened.

Tossing my purse and attaché into the passenger seat, I decided to call David on his cell phone. He was on the west side of town, out near the airport. We agreed to meet at Keystone at the Crossing, a shopping complex on the north side of the city. It took me well over a half hour to make the drive, fighting through heavy traffic most of the way. Spotting David's truck at the far end of the parking lot, I drove towards it. 

"You sure you really want to do this?" I asked as David got into my car.

"What, get married or buy the wedding rings?" He replied.

"Both?" I quipped.

"I wish we could get married right now!" David exclaimed, giving me a quick kiss.

We drove down the street to Braumstein Jewelers, one of the well-known jewelry stores in Indianapolis. I put my attaché in the trunk of the Eldorado so it would be safe. We spent a good bit of time looking at engagement rings and bridal sets. I didn't want anything too big, gaudy or pricey. I steered David towards something demure and less expensive. 

After trying on numerous rings, we finally agreed on a white gold princess-cut bridal set. The engagement ring had one diamond in the center with three smaller diamonds on each side. The matching wedding band had eight small diamonds. The rings looked beautiful when worn together. David preferred a plain white gold wedding band, something wide but fairly plain. He let me choose what I wanted him to wear. I picked out a gorgeous white gold wedding band for him. It was wide, like he wanted but had a light scroll design along both edges. We'd have to wait till the middle of the following week to pick it up since it had to be sized to David's finger. 

We left the jewelry store, patiently fighting traffic. I played with the engagement ring, twisting it back and forth. It was strictly a nervous habit.

"That ring looks like it was made for you." David remarked. "It's found a home."

I blushed at David's compliments, something I don't do very often.

"So how'd your meeting go this afternoon?" David asked.

"Kind of hard to tell." I replied. "I think the presentation went pretty well. Just not sure if they'll buy into it."

"You wore that outfit, I take it." He exclaimed. "I'd buy anything you were presenting!"

"Well, Colin Douglas could hardly take his eyes off my legs!" I remarked. "He had a hard time eating."

"Probably wanted you for desert!" David said. "I could eat your panties off right here and now."

"Geez! You're on a horny streak today!" I kidded him. "Been awhile big boy!

I followed David over to his apartment complex so he could shower and change clothes. I called the club to see if everything was alright. Marcus let me know, everything was going smoothly.

"I'll be in later on." I told him. "Call me on my cell phone if you need me."

I phoned Amber at the apartment. She had all her stuff packed. I could tell she was a little down. It would be sad for both of us to see her leave. I wished she wasn't going but she was dead set on moving to Lubbock to be with her boyfriend.

"I've got plenty to eat here, unless you'd rather go out." David suggested.

"Let's eat in." I replied. "I'm a little tired of eating out."

David and I worked together in the kitchen preparing dinner. David being the chef, had to give me several instructions. We sat at the dinette, eating and chatting.

"We still moving you out to the house tomorrow?" David asked.

"Yeah. Frank got Ryan and Paul to help us." I replied. "Most of it's going to the studio for storage."

"When do you want to move out with me?" I inquired. "You want to move tomorrow too?"

"Nah, I'm not sure when I'll move." David answered. "Maybe I should wait for awhile."

I had the feeling that David was going through the same apprehension I had when I leased the house from Frank. It took me awhile to get used to the idea.

"If it's because of Steven, you don't need to worry." I said, putting my hand on his. "I've got a binding lease with Frank and he's the majority owner."

"Guess I could at least move my clothes out." David replied. "Don't know that we'll need any of this furniture."

"If you want, we can put it in storage with mine." I remarked.

We discussed the week's video sessions. I skipped over Chris's movies, barely mentioning them. I did tell him about Richie getting a little carried away with the new girl, Courtney and Carson being a little too much for Darcy.

"He was really that big?" David asked. 

"Actually, Darcy's pussy is a little small." I commented, smiling. "That's something not many girls can brag about."

"How'd your video go, the one with Amber?" He asked, grinning. "Anything special?"

"It always special with Amber." I replied. "Although, she was a little more aggressive than usual."

"Aggressive?" David inquired. "How?"

"Amber fucked me with a strap-on." I casually answered.

"WOW! Can't wait to see that!" He exclaimed.

"You really want to see it?" I asked, surprised.

"Yeah. I don't mind seeing you with another girl." He said. "Just not with another guy."

I was more than a little surprised at David's remark. Maybe he was adjusting to the fact that I was bi-sexual. Then again, maybe he felt he had to accept it if we were going to be husband and wife. 

We finished dinner and cleaned up the kitchen before leaving for J.R.'s. David grabbed a change of clothes and some items from the bathroom. The club was packed when we got there around 7:00. I checked in with Fawn and Sarah. They both loved my engagement ring. David got kissed by both girls, making him blush beet-red. I just got hugged! Marcus was in the storeroom. I checked in with him before David and I went up to my office. 

"Marcus has been here a long time, hasn't he?" David remarked.

"Longer than anyone here." I responded. "He was the first person Jack and Barbara hired when they purchased the club."

"I've given him two raises since I took over." I added. "He puts in almost sixteen hours a day."

"That's too much, got to be hard on him." David remarked. 

"He doesn't seem to mind." I responded. "He's got several children to support."

We left the club around 10:00, heading up the house. We entered the house, turning on several lights. I opened the French doors to the terrace, stepping out to look at the lake. Across the lake, I could see lights on at several homes. It was very picturesque. 

"Wanna walk down to the dock?" David whispered, walking up behind me.

"Why, so you can throw me in the lake again?" I replied, grinning.

"Me! I wouldn't do that!" He exclaimed.

David stood behind me, pulling me in close to him. His warm breath on my neck was warming my body. He kissed the back of my neck, slowly working his way to my ears. I felt my legs weaken, letting the wave of heat cover my body.

David's hand reached down, lifting up the short skirt of my business suit. His hand brushed up and down my leg. I reached around, pulling his face close enough to mine so I our lips could meet. We kissed passionately, our lips grinding hard against each other's.

I heard the distinct sound of the zipper at the side of my skirt being slid down. 

"David, the neighbors are gonna see us!" I exclaimed. 

"Good! Let them watch!" He said, taking off my skirt and tossing it on the patio table. "David!" I exclaimed.

He wasn't listening to my verbal objections. He unbuttoned my suit jacket, slipped it off my shoulders and tossed it on top of the skirt. I quickly glanced around to see if anyone might be observing us.

"Turn around and bend over the table." David commanded.

I did as instructed, bending over the table, holding firmly to the edges. David knelt behind me chewing on by butt through the thin material of my panties. I closed my eyes, savoring the pleasure. I was moaning continuously, almost a hum.

David slid my panties down my legs and off over my high-heels. Spreading my cheeks apart, his tongue slowly licked up and down my pussy. It felt wonderful, making my body tingle all over. His tongue teased my pussy, making the lips blossom. My juices were flowing towards his eager lips. David's lips sucked hard on my clit, making me cum with a shuddering orgasm. I moaned aloud, letting the orgasm consume me. David held me tight against his mouth, sucking on my pussy.

He stood up, quickly dropping his slacks and briefs. I looked around as he stepped up behind me, pressing the mushroom shaped head of his rock hard cock against my pussy.

"Oh baby, fuck me now." I muttered.

David didn't waste any time, pushing his cock deep inside my eager pussy. He thrust into me slowly, gyrating his hips. My fingers gripped the edge of the table harder. David fucked into me hard and fast, bringing me up to an orgasm. His hand slapped my ass hard, making it sting. I lifted my head up from the table, grabbing a quick deep breath. David's hands gripped my waist like a vise. I could feel his body tensing. He slowed his fuck motions down, taking long, slow strokes. I rested my head back on the table, still humming. 

David started fucking me hard and furious. My orgasm came on quick, exhilarating my body. I screamed out as the orgasm detonated inside me. David's cock spewed his warm fluids deep inside me. Two huge loads filled my wanton pussy. Slower and slower, he fucked me till he completely stopped. The muscles of my pussy gripped his cock, milking all of his hot cum. David slowly pulled out of me. He leaned down over me, kissing my ear.

"Ready for bed?" He whispered.

"Hmmmmm, oh yeah!" I muttered.

We walked back into the house. My legs were still shaking. After washing off, David and I climbed into bed. Holding me in his arms, I drifted off to sleep immediately.

It wasn't even sunrise when I felt David's hand slap my bare butt. I jumped, feeling the sting.

"Hey Sleepyhead! It's moving day!" David stated. "5:00am!" 

Still half asleep, I barely comprehended his words. It took me a few minutes to make my way into the bathroom and get showered. After fixing my hair, I got dressed in blue jeans and a t-shirt. I put on my sneakers and quickly headed down to the kitchen. David handed me a fresh cup of coffee. We lovingly kissed for a minute or better.

After refilling our cups, we headed over to my apartment. Amber was carrying boxes out to her pickup when we arrived. David and I helped her get everything packed in. Amber and I made one last check of the apartment, making sure she had everything. We walked out and sat on the tailgate. We held each other's hands, not wanting to let go. 

"If things don't work out for you down in Texas, you can always come back." I said.

"Things'll work out." Amber responded. "I don't think I'd ever come back, even if they didn't."

"Why?" I asked.

"I was beginning to hate this life." She replied. "The money was good, but I was getting tired of running around damn near naked all the time. Life's not all about money."

I nodded my head, acknowledging I understood how she felt.

After closing the tailgate on the truck, David and I walked her to the driver's door. We both kissed and hugged Amber. I couldn't keep the tears from flowing. I just let myself go. David held me close as we watched her drive out of the apartment complex. 

First, Jack and Barbara, then Andrea, now Amber. I felt like everyone was gradually leaving me. 

David and I walked back into the apartment and started packing. Frank and Jackie showed up a few minutes later with the cargo van. We backed it up in front of the apartment and raised the large roll-up door. It didn't have a ramp so we had to lift everything up into it. Ryan and Paul showed up with their trailer. We managed to get everything loaded in one trip. David and I checked to make sure I had everything before I locked the doors.

"I need to stop by the office and turn in the keys." I stated to David.

"Ok. I'll go with the guys and get everything unloaded." He replied. "We'll meet you and Jackie out at the house." Jackie and I stopped by the apartment complex office. I had to sign out and turn in all the keys. I wasn't reluctant to leave even though I'd lived there for almost two years.

We stopped at a chicken carryout, picking up enough food to satisfy an army. We knew the guys would be famished after getting everything moved.

We arrived at the house, finding the guys unloading my bedroom suite and clothes. Jackie and I carried the food into the kitchen. Ryan and Paul showed up with the last few items. They'd made good time, getting me moved. We reheated the food, setting it up on the diningroom table.

"Hey guys!" I shouted. "Lunch is ready."

The guys served themselves and sat out on the terrace at the patio table. We served them ice-cold glasses of lemonade, making sure they had everything they wanted.

"Looks like you might have had visitors last night!" Jackie exclaimed.

"Huh!" David exclaimed. "What do you mean?" 

Jackie reached down underneath the table and picked up a pair of panties, the ones David had taken off me last night. She held them up so everyone could see. It embarrassed the hell out of me. I quickly snatched them from her hand, stuffing them in my back pocket. Everyone had a good laugh at the incident. Even though I was blushing, I managed to laugh with them.

After eating and drinking several glasses of lemonade, Ryan and Paul left. I thanked them for their help, walking out to the driveway with them. I watched them pull out of the driveway before going back around to the terrace.

"Jackie and I are going over to the marina and take the boat out for awhile." Frank stated. "Why don't you two join us?"

"Thanks for the offer but I need to get stuff put away." I replied. "I think we're going to go over and get David's clothes later on."

"Ok, maybe another time then." Frank responded. "You know you're welcome to use the boat anytime."

Frank and Jackie left a little later, driving over to the marina. David and I cleaned up the terrace and diningroom. We finished unpacking my clothes and getting most everything put away. There were still several boxes left in the garage but I figured we get to them later on.

Late in the afternoon, David and I went over to his apartment. By early evening we had all his clothes packed in my car and David's truck. The furniture we'd come back for later the following week.

I phoned the club and talked with Fawn. Everything at J.R.'s was running smooth. I told her I'd be in later on in the evening after we got situated at the house.

It was almost 11:00 when David and I left for the club. We were both tired but I still needed to check on things for myself. David and I sat up in the office. I went through the day's mail, mostly utility bills. David sat next to my desk, looking out at the crowd below.

"You notice how many couples are in here tonight?" David inquired.

"Yeah. Our Saturday night crowd is mostly couples." I replied. "More couples than guys."

"Notice alot of them talking amongst themselves." He stated. "Paying more attention to the waitresses and bartenders than the dancers."

"Yeah, they usually do." I remarked. "My guess is, they're into the alternate lifestyle."

"Alternate lifestyle?" David asked, curiously. 

"Yeah. You know. Swingers." I said. "Couples looking for other couples."

"Ohhhhhhhh!" He exclaimed, grinning. "Gotcha!" 

We left the club around 1:30, heading for home. David checked through the house before we went to bed. I opened the French doors leading out to the balcony, feeling the cool summer breeze coming across the lake. David and I slept soundly in each other's arms.

The smell of fresh coffee woke me early Sunday morning. I quickly noticed David wasn't lying next to me. I slipped out of bed, grabbing a short robe from the closet. David was downstairs in the kitchen. I poured myself a cup of coffee and dug the cigarettes out of my purse, lighting one up.

"Thought we might go down to Shelbyville, maybe go horseback riding." David suggested.

"Ok. You going to show me your horse?" I responded.

"Shadow's Mistress isn't mine." He said. "Maybe someday."

We sat out on the terrace drinking our coffee watching a few boaters pass by the house. By 10:00, we were on our way to go riding.

David seemed quite excited as we sped southward along the bypass. He talked about his love of horses and spending time at his friend's farm. David was really opening up to me. He talked about his dreams and aspirations. I listened intently to every word he spoke. I felt closer to him than I ever had before. I also realized, it would be awfully hard for me to talk to him the same way. I wasn't the type to open up to anyone, being very close-kept.

We pulled into the long, graveled driveway leading back to the farm. The house set quite a distance from the road. It was an old Victorian style home probably built in the 20's or 30's. There were several outbuildings across the driveway from the house. David drove past the last building, parking alongside several horse trailers.

We held hands, entering the far building. The stable had numerous stalls on each side of the wide aisleway. We walked down the aisleway, looking at all the horses. Most had their heads poking out over the stall doors. I think they were as interested in seeing who we were as we were in looking at them. I could tell which horse was Shadow's Mistress at a distance from David's repeated description of her. She was a beautiful horse, jet black with a white star on her forehead. She had on a bright blue nylon halter, which David attached a rope lead to. I stood back as he opened the stall door and led her out into the aisleway. 

"Blue's her favorite color, same as yours." He stated, handing me the lead.

"Hang onto her while I go get a couple brushes." He added.

Without thinking, I took hold of the rope. It was the first time I'd ever been this close to a horse. I had no idea what to do if she tried to get away. Just hang on for dear life, I guess. The black filly didn't try to get away. Instead, she stepped closer to me. I took a step back but that just made her step even closer. I stood my ground, till she stopped right next to me. I patted her forehead and rubbed her nose. Shadow's Mistress seemed quite friendly, alot more relaxed than I was. 

I glanced over her back, seeing David coming back towards us. He was carrying a couple of horse grooming brushes. He handed me one, instructing me to brush her gently down the side of her neck and down along her back. The more I brushed her, the shinier her coat became. David brushed her legs while I held onto the lead. After David finished grooming her, he tied her up in front of her stall.

"Let's find you something to ride." He suggested, looking down the long row of stalls. 

"I've got the perfect horse for her!" A voice spoke, approaching us from behind.

We quickly turned around, startled. I saw a tall, slender man in his early thirties approaching us. He was wearing a red-checkered shirt and faded blue jeans. His black cowboy hat shaded his clean-shaven face. He stuck his hand out to David as he neared us.

"Hey buddy, how's it going?" He spoke, smiling.

David shook the man's hand briefly before introducing us.

His name was Brian Honeycutt, David's friend. He and his father jointly owned the farm and boarding facilities.

"Ole' Dave's told me all about you." He stated, shaking my hand with a very firm grip. "I'm glad we finally get to meet."

"Why don't we saddle up Hollywood?" Brian suggested. "He needs the exercise. Nobody rides him anymore."

The three of us walked over to an adjacent stable. Brian opened up one of the stalls and led a tan horse out into the aisleway. He had a black mane and tail. All four legs had black "stockings" fading just below the knees. 
