 I pulled out of the driveway just as Frank was approaching. I swerved past him, almost sideswiping his car. I didn’t know where I was going or what I was going to do. I just needed to be by myself and away from all the questions.

I went to the mall on the east side of town for awhile but just walked around, not buying anything. Around 3:00 in the afternoon, I pulled up in front of the apartment, parking next to Amber‘s pickup. I walked into the apartment and put my purse on the diningroom table.

“They delivered all the furniture this afternoon.” Amber stated. “It looks nice in the house.”

“I forgot they were supposed to deliver it today.” I muttered.

“You going to be alright?” Amber questioned. “You left all of a sudden.”

“I just had things to do.” I responded. 

“You coming to the club this evening?” She asked.

“Yeah, maybe later.” I replied. “I don’t know.”

Amber put her arm around my waist, giving me a brief hug before she left. Climbing the stairs to the bedroom, I stretched out across the bed. My body was tired but I had a hard time dozing off. 

It was almost 9:00 when I woke up. I fixed myself a frozen dinner, one of the few still left in the freezer. After eating I changed clothes and drove over to the club. 

J.R.’s was very busy. The three girls behind the bar were working constantly. Marcus saw me but waited for me to approach him.

“How everything going?” I asked. “Any problems?”

“Everything’s good, no problems.” He responded. “We’ve been really busy since 5:00.”

“How’s Sarah doing?” I asked.

“Doing real good.” Marcus answered. “She rakes in as many tips as Fawn and Amber.”

After briefly chatting with Amber, I left the club. I let her know I was going to spend the night up at the house instead of the apartment. It was a beautiful night, clear without a cloud in the sky. The moon shined down across the rippling water of the lake. I sat out on the terrace enjoying the cool breeze till I got sleepy.

I woke up Thursday morning about sunrise. I put on some fresh coffee, running back upstairs for a shower while it brewed. It was raining lightly so I sat at the new diningroom table drinking my coffee.

Frank and Jackie arrived around 7:00. I fixed them each a cup of coffee, placing it on the diningroom table.

“How you feeling this morning?” Jackie asked. “Still got the headache?”

“I’m alright, headache’s gone.” I responded. 

The crew arrived a little later getting set up for the day’s shoot. Chris and Amber would be doing the scene. It would take place on the carpeted stairs going up to the second floor bedrooms. We’d use two cameras to shoot the video. Jared and Katrina had the sound equipment set up and ready to go. I waited patiently for Jackie to prep Amber’s make-up and hair. Amber was dressed in a long, red evening dress and Chris wore a tux we’d rented for him. 

Chris was sitting with me and Frank in the office. George and Phil did last minute checks on the camera equipment, making sure the monitors were picking up every detail. I avoided eye contact with Chris, not wanting to get into any unnecessary discussion with him. 

When they were ready, I went through the video’s scenario with Amber and Chris making sure they understood how it was going to be shot. Amber and Chris were both anxious to get started.

“Cameras ready! Sound ready! Start!” I commanded. 

Amber was standing at the bottom of the stairs with Chris right behind her pulling her in close to him. Chris began kissing Amber along the back of the neck, slowly sliding the zipper down at the back of her dress. He worked his lips on her earlobes, lightly nibbling on them. When he had the zipper all the way down, Chris eased the thin straps off her shoulders. The front of the dress lowered enough to completely expose Amber’s breasts. 

Amber twisted sideways, putting her lips on Chris’s. They kissed softly working their lips against each other’s until they were kissing much more passionately, slipping their tongues over their partner’s. Chris’s hands cupped and massaged Amber’s breasts till her nipples hardened. The camera focused in for a close-up of Amber’s breasts with Chris’s hands working them. Chris pushed Amber’s dress down over his hips exposing her red thong panties. Amber turned all the way around till she was facing Chris. His hands kneaded Amber’s butt, rubbing up and down over her cheeks.

I said “next” into the headset microphone.

Amber undid Chris’s tie and unbuttoned his shirt. She took a little more time than she should have but it was her last scene and it was with Chris, so I let her play it out. Amber kissed his almost hairless chest, licking and biting his nipples. She pushed his shirt and jacket back so her face and tongue were clearly visible to the camera. Chris was breathing hard, harder than usual. My first thought was wondering if he had taken his asthma medication that morning. I was licking my own lips, not aware I was doing it. 

I spoke “next” into the headset microphone.

Chris pushed Amber’s red evening dress down so she could step out of it. She pushed Chris’s shirt and tuxedo jacket off his broad shoulders, letting it fall to the floor behind him. She unzipped his pants, pulling them eagerly down his muscular legs along with his tight boxers. Chris’s hard cock sprang out. Amber’s supported the head of his cock, balancing it on the tip of her tongue. She slowly slipped his cock deeper in her mouth, engulfing as much of it as she could. She worked her mouth up and down on his cock till Chris was moaning and groaning. His legs were slightly shaking. I let Amber run her tongue back and forth over his cock for a minute or so.  

“Next” I shouted in the microphone.

Chris pulled Amber up from her kneeling position just enough to push her back on the stair steps. She lay back with her head resting on one of the steps and her legs slightly spread. Chris started to kneel down between her legs.

“Chris, take off the rest of your clothes.” I spoke into the mike.

Chris stripped off the rest of his clothes piling them on top of the tuxedo jacket and shirt. Kneeling between Amber’s legs, he started licking up each of her thighs. He slowly worked his mouth towards to her wanton pussy. Amber’s hands were massaging her breasts, squeezing them hard. She was really into the scene. Chris slipped Amber’s panties down, using his teeth. Unconsciously, I was biting my lip, knowing what he was going to do next.

Chris ravenously worked over Amber’s hot pussy till she was writhing her ass. Chris supported her butt while he continued to lick and suck on her pussy. Amber cried out Chris’s name several times, something that wasn’t scripted. She clawed at her legs dragging her fingernails towards her pussy. She left deep red marks on her legs.

I said “next” into the headset mike but neither Chris or Amber were paying attention. I let them go at it for another minute or two before shouting “next” for the second time.

Chris lowered Amber’s butt down to the steps, spreading her legs from the wall to the handrail. She still had her red high-heels on and her legs were trembling. Chris slid his magnificent cock all the way into Amber’s pussy with one, slow stroke. Amber’s mouth gaped open, emitting a loud moan that could be heard throughout the house. She held onto Chris’s arms while he fucked her slowly with long, deep strokes. Chris and Amber were breathing so hard you could almost see their hot breaths mingling. He started pumping his huge cock into Amber faster and faster, his pelvis slamming into her.

Frank was standing right behind me, looking over my shoulder at the monitors. He put his hands on my waist, noticing I was a little unsteady on my feet. I reached back pulling Frank in closer to me. I didn’t realize what I had just done. Chris and Amber fucked for several minutes before I called out “next, next” into the microphone.

Chris eased his glistening cock out of Amber. She got up and turned around, getting on her hands and knees on the stair steps. Chris immediately slammed his cock into Amber’s pussy, fucking her hard and fast. 

I closed my eyes, holding onto Frank’s hands at my waist. I ground my butt back against Frank, feeling his hard cock through the material of his slacks. I rubbed my ass up and down, grinding hard into him. I felt myself about to cum and I wasn’t about to hold back. I gasped, feeling the orgasm take over my body. My legs were shaking. 

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh” I lightly moaned.

I pulled Frank’s hands around to my tummy, pressing them into me hard. My orgasm gradually waned, leaving me weak. I was gasping, trying to get my breath.

“Cut, stop, that’s enough!” I heard Jackie shout, standing at the office entrance. 

Her shouting quickly brought me back to reality. I still had a firm grasp on Frank’s hands, holding them tightly to me. It took me a moment to realize that I had just humped against Frank till I made myself cum. I released my grip on his hands but he didn’t move them from my tummy. I stepped away from him, looking over at Jackie. She was grinning, almost laughing. 

“I’m………I’m sorry!” I apologized to Jackie. “I didn’t realize.………..”

“It’s ok.” Jackie responded. “Don’t get all shook up.”

I looked down at the monitors. They were both blank. The scene had ended with me missing it entirely. I’d become too engrossed with my own pleasure and missed it.

“Frank, I’m sorry.” I apologized, taking the headset off. “I didn’t mean to grab you like that.”

“Hell, I’m just glad I was standing close enough!” Frank exclaimed. “I can’t believe you got off!” 

I excused myself, rushing to one of the bathrooms. Cleaning myself up and rinsing out my soaked panties, my embarrassment gradually diminished. 

I returned to the office. George, Phil, Jared and Katrina were waiting on their pay. I handed them the pay envelopes and reminded them of the next day’s shoot, starting at 10:00. They quickly left, leaving Jackie, Frank and me alone in the office. Frank approached me, putting his arms around me. He kissed me passionately on the lips. I didn’t push him away. I had a feeling Jackie had put him up to it. Our lips eventually parted, leaving us both a little breathless.

“What was that all about?” I muttered.

“Well, what’s sex without at least one kiss?” Frank quipped.

Jackie was smiling, watching the two of us in each other’s arms. I was thankful she was broadminded enough to realize there wasn’t anything between Frank and me. 

“Where’s Chris and Amber?” I inquired.

“They’re up in one of the bedrooms.” Jackie said. “Having another go at it, sort of a farewell party.”

I smiled, knowing Amber always had a special feeling for Chris. Sex with Chris wasn’t all business for Amber. She really enjoyed being with him. Can’t say I blame her, he was one hell of a fuck buddy!

“Have you heard anything back from your emails to those writers you contacted?” I asked. 

“Just a few so far.” Jackie replied. “Most of them are asking how much we’re willing to pay.”

“How about $60 for one scene and $400 for a complete movie with five straight sex scenes and one lesbian scene. Don‘t forget about the copyrights!”

“Ok, I’ll let them know.” Jackie responded. “We want to read the scripts before we pay for them. Right?”

“Absolutely!” I exclaimed. 

Chris and Amber strolled into the office. Chris had his arm around her waist, holding her close. It made me wonder if Amber was really serious about this guy she was going to move to Texas for. 

“Can I talk with you for a minute?” Chris asked. “Maybe we can go out on the patio.”

I wasn’t sure what he wanted to talk about but I was sure it involved David.

“What’s on your mind?” I asked him, once we were alone.

“I don’t know what happened between you and Dave but I just want you to know I never went into any details about us or what we did sexually.” He stated. “I don’t want you mad at me or getting rid of me. I really need this money.”

“Chris, I have no intention of ever getting rid of you.” I responded. “You’re too valuable to ever try and replace. I mean that sincerely.”

“Ok, I just wasn’t sure.” Chris said. “Dave’s been on my ass the last couple days. Even pulled me off a job for no reason. I’ve got a hunch he wants to fire me.”

“David’s NOT going to fire you.” I boldly stated. “He won’t dare.”

“I’m not about to let that happen.” I added. “Just quit worrying and keep going to work. Ok?”

Chris nodded his head, giving me a light kiss on the cheek. I think he felt better after we talked. At least, he wasn’t so apprehensive. I walked him to the front door, giving his arm a light squeeze of reassurance before he left.

“You want to move in Saturday?” Frank asked when I returned to the office.

“Yeah, let’s start early in the morning.” I replied. “I want to take everything to the studio for storage except my bedroom suite. I’ll need it here.”

“I’ll get in touch with Ryan and Paul.” Jackie offered. “They volunteered to help.”

The three of us walked to the kitchen to finish up the last of the coffee. We were standing around when the doorbell rang. I started to answer it but Frank volunteered to see who it was.

Jackie and I stood at the French doors looking out at the lake. The bright sun was glistening off the lake, glaring against the windows.

“Jennifer. There’s someone here to see you.” I heard Frank say.

“Who is……..” I said, turning around.

It was David. He was standing behind Frank, staring at me with a stern look on his face.

“Can we talk?” David asked.

I wasn’t prepared to talk with David but I couldn’t say no. I nervously lit up another cigarette before answering.

“Yeah, I guess so.” I muttered.

“Frank and I need to be going.” Jackie stated.

“You aren’t going to slug him again, are you?” She added.

David and I stepped out onto the terrace, walking down towards the lake.

“I thought you’d call me by now.” He said.

“I didn’t call because I didn’t know what to say to you.” I responded.

We walked out to the end of the dock, looking out over the lake instead of each other. I had my arms folded to keep my hands from shaking.

“I take it you haven’t decided if you want a serious relationship or not.” He said.

“What do you mean by serious relationship?” I asked.

“You and me together. Marriage.” He replied. “You say you don’t want to get remarried, but I do. I‘d like to have another child too.”

“Why would you want to marry me?” I questioned. “Knowing what you do about me.”

“Did it ever occur to you that I just might love you?” David muttered. 

“I do love you whether you realize it or not.” He added.

I turned away from David so he wouldn’t see my eyes starting to tear up. I bit my lower lip, not knowing what to say. I just stood there in silence trying to get over his remark. It seemed like a long and awkward time before he spoke again.

“Do you swim?” David casually asked.

“Yeah, a little.” I muttered without paying much attention to the question.

I suddenly felt both of David’s hands pushing me off the dock into the lake’s cool water. I went all the way under, hearing the rush of water in my ears. I flailed about trying to reach the ladder at the side of the dock. I was panicking, spitting water that I’d accidentally swallowed. My tight skirt made it hard for me to kick my legs. I made it to the ladder getting my foot on one of the rungs. I started to climb the ladder but my foot slipped off. My firm grip on the ladder kept me from going back underwater.

I managed to get halfway up the ladder but David put his hand on my shoulder, keeping me from climbing up any further. I couldn’t let go of the ladder without falling back in the water.

“I want an answer!” He exclaimed. “Marriage, yes or no!”

“Let me up!” I shouted, choking a little.

“Marriage, yes or no!” David repeated, still holding me down.

“Alright, alright!” I answered.

“Yes or no!” He stated. “Yes or no!”

“Yes……yes!” I said. “We’ll get married, damn it!”

David let me climb up the ladder, helping me up onto the dock. He held my arms down to my sides; probably afraid I might slug him. David let me catch my breath before he pulled me close, kissing me hard and passionately. I held his muscular body close, feeling safe with his body pressed against mine. Water was running off my clothes. I was completely soaked.

I held onto David so I could slip my high-heels off. I walked barefoot back up to the house. David held me close to him, getting his work clothes wet.

“I do love you.” I whispered, looking up at him. “I really do love you.”

“I love you too, Jennifer.” David muttered. “I’ve loved you since the first time we met.”

That was the most memorable moment in my life, one I’ll never forget. I’d told someone, I loved them and really meant it. I knew David meant it too.

We stepped back into the house, stopping at the edge of the tile floor, not wanting to step on the light gray carpet with my wet and muddy feet.

“Would you get me a paper towel so I can wipe my feet off?” I asked David.

“How about I carry you upstairs to the bathroom instead?” He responded. 

David picked me up, throwing me over his shoulder. He carried me effortlessly up to bathroom in the master bedroom. He helped me out of my clothes. I started to unbutton his shirt.

“I’m not the one who needs a shower!” He exclaimed.

“I hate to shower alone.” I responded, smiling. “I might need you to scrub my back.”

We stepped under the warm spray of the shower, lathering each other up. David took special care washing my breasts and butt. I made sure his hard cock got all the attention it needed. David’s cock was long, thick and smooth with a mushroom shaped head. I could hardly wait to be impaled on it. We rinsed off and stepped out of the shower. I wrapped a large bath towel around me before walking into the large, empty master bedroom. David made a light gesture to dry himself off before following me. I stood in the center of the bedroom, letting the towel fall to the floor.

“Let’s make love right here.” I spoke in my sexiest voice.

“Don’t you want to go to one of the other bedrooms where we can be more comfortable?” He asked, grinning.

“Not afraid of a little carpet burn, are you?” I quipped, stretching out on the floor.

David lay down next to me, pulling me into his arms. We kissed lovingly at first, building up to more passionate kisses. I nibbled on his lips with mine, sliding my tongue into his mouth. I slowly swirled my tongue in his mouth. My hand on his chest could feel his heartbeat rapidly increasing. David’s hand on my breasts, teased my nipples till they begged to be suckled.

I rolled over onto my back. David kissed my neck and teased my ears till I was gripping his shoulders tightly. My breathing was rapid and my chest was heaving as his lips clamped down on my nipples. I put my hands at the back of his head, pressing his face against my breasts. David’s tongue flicked at my nipples, teasing them. I had a slight orgasm just from his working my breasts over. I could feel my pussy juices really flowing. 

David licked down over my tummy kissing the sandy blonde hair sparsely covering the mound of my pussy. I parted my legs slightly feeling his strong hand slip between them. His middle finger teased my slit. I was feeling the start of another orgasm deep inside my heated body. David positioned himself between my legs, spreading them till my feet were off the floor. He licked hard at my pussy, like a kitten lapping up cream. My back arched, feeling the orgasm coming on quick and strong. David held my tensed body firmly. The orgasm burst, sending me into another world.

“OHHHHHHHHHHHHHGODDDDDDDDDDDDARGGHHHHHHHHHH” I screamed out.

“DAVID…………OH DAVID” I cried out.

I felt like I was going to start climbing the walls as the orgasm continued, not subsiding. My body writhed and ground against David’s mouth. My fingernails raked the carpet. The intense orgasm gradually waned. My strength was almost gone. I was panting harder than ever.
