 The next morning I got up when David’s alarm clock sounded. We showered together, taking a little longer than usual. While David put on his work clothes, I picked out a fluorescent orange bikini.

“Going to lay out and get some sun today?” David inquired.

“I’m going fishing with Frank this morning.” I responded, smiling. “Frank does most of the fishing, I do most of the laying in the sun.”

David and I stood in the driveway, kissing each other “good-bye”. He took the opportunity to run his hand down the back of my bikini, giving my butt a few gentle squeezes. I fought back by pressing my body hard into his. 

Taking cooler filled with bottled water and soft drinks down to the dock, I set it alongside some snack items. Frank was right on time, idling the boat up to the dock. He held it against the dock while I got everything stowed onboard. 

“I’ll let you drive, while I relax.” He said, sitting on the passenger side seat.

I eased the boat away from the dock, turning it slowly around. Moving the throttle lever slightly forward, I let the boat gradually pick up speed. We were soon cruising across the water at about 40mph. The engine’s roar sounded so powerful to me. It had a commanding tone, almost formidable. We cruised to the far end of the lake before pulling close to shore and tossing over the anchor. 

Frank’s idea of fishing was to be alone with me on the boat. It gave the two of us a chance to talk in a peaceful and relaxing environment with no one else around. We did more fishing for answers and conversation than anything. Frank and I shared a special relationship. Not a father-daughter relationship. Ours was a close friend relationship, bordering on intimacy.  

Frank baited several fishing lines and tossed them out into the calm water of the lake. I put some sunscreen on my arms, chest and legs before stretching out on the front deck of the boat. I lit a cigarette, leaning back against the front of the boat’s windshield. Frank took two bottles of chilled water from the cooler, handing me one.

“So, what are we going to talk about this time?” Frank inquired.

“Let’s talk about you and Jackie.” I responded. “Why aren’t you two married? What‘s the hold-up?”

“Well, when you get as old as me, marriage isn’t as important as just being with the one you love.” He replied.

“Sounds like an old cliché, Frank.” I said. “I’m not buying it. What’s the real reason?”

“I’m holding out till Jackie quits this damn porn business!” Frank exclaimed. “I hate her being so damn involved!”

“Doesn’t seem like she wants out.” I spoke. “She’s been in it since she was married to Carl.”

“It’s the money.” Frank muttered. “She’s just in it for the money.”

“That’s why we’re all in it.” I responded, putting my hand on his arm. “If it weren’t for the money, we’d all be doing something else.”

“Guess you think I’m being an ass about it?” Frank questioned. “Holding out till she gives in and quits.” 

“No, I don’t think that!” I retorted. “David feels the same way, only he won’t come right out and say it.”

“With him, it’s mostly about Chris and me making so many movies.” I added. “He’s not handling it very well. I think he‘s just trying to cover up his true feelings.”

“Speaking of Dave, when are you two going to tie the knot?” Frank asked, grinning.

“As soon as we get the prenuptial agreement signed!” I quickly answered. “I need to be married, officially married!”

I told Frank I needed a binding marriage document. If not, I’d never try to make a relationship work. It was just too easy to walk away from a relationship that wasn’t binding. Frank carefully thought about what I said, before agreeing.

“How long are you going to stay in this movie business? Not forever, I hope!” He asked.

“Maybe a year, maybe two.” I replied. “Till I’ve made enough money.”

“How much is enough?” Frank asked. “You once told me there was never enough!”

I didn’t have an answer so I just shrugged my shoulders. Coming up with an exact dollar amount was something I hadn‘t thought much about. I just wanted to make a good life for myself and for David.

Frank and I spent the rest of our day discussing my proposal to James Harris and Colin Douglas. The subject of money came up again.

“It they go for your deal, how much will you make off each movie?” Frank inquired.

“Anywhere between $5000 and $7000.” I stated. “At least, one movie a week besides the ones I create from clips. I’m figuring around $300,000 to $400,000 the first year.”

“WOW! I had no idea.” He exclaimed. “Will that finally get you out of the business?”

“I don’t know.” I responded. “I’ll have to wait and see.”

Frank dropped me off at the dock shortly after 1:00pm. I had plenty of time to shower and get ready for my appointment with Audrey McCain.

“We’ll have to go fishing more often.” Frank said, as I stepped up onto the dock. “It does us both alot of good.”

I arrived for my appointment a few minutes ahead of time but had to wait while Ms. McCain finished with another client. She finally came out to the waiting room and gestured for me to follow her into her office.

Audrey McCain was an attractive woman, somewhere in her late thirties. She was about 5’8” with an average size waist and hips but quite busty. She wore a dark blue dress with the hem a few inches above her knees. Her well-groomed shoulder length blonde hair evidenced her weekly trips to the beauty salon. 

After introducing ourselves and shaking hands, Audrey motioned for me to take a seat in front of her desk. Audrey reviewed several options for prenuptial agreements. David and I had already talked about what we wanted and how we preferred to have it worded. I handed her the outline we’d drawn up so she could appraise it for herself.

“My husband and I are big fans of your movies.” Audrey stated, as she read over the document.

“Are you still making them?” She added, continuing to read.

“Thank you.” I replied. “Still making the movies but from the other side of the camera.”

Audrey asked several questions to clarify items David and I had listed for our prenup. 

“How soon do you need this drawn up for signatures?” Ms. McCain asked.

“As soon as possible.” I responded. “We’d like to get this out of the way so we can get married.”

“That’s something I don’t hear very often!” Audrey exclaimed. “Especially coming from someone who has nothing to gain with this prenup.”

“There’s one of two bank accounts noted that states your future husband is to have complete access to it immediately upon your getting married.” She said. “Are you sure that’s the way you want it written?”

“Yes, that’s the way I want it written.” I responded. “In case something should happen to me. I want to make sure he can access the money.”

“In case something should happen?” Audrey asked, curiously. “You think there’s a possibility something might happen to you? You have ESP or something?”

“Sometimes I feel like I have extra sensory perception.” I said, coolly. “It’s more of a feeling or a dream.”

“Can you tell what I’m thinking right now?” Audrey asked, smiling.

I replied, grinning. “Probably two things!”

“Really!” Audrey exclaimed. “What am I thinking?”

“You’re probably thinking, why is this woman allowing her future husband to have access to so much money as soon as they’re married.” I replied.

Audrey glanced down at the document, lightly biting her lower lip.

“What else?” She asked, blushing slightly.

“I won’t say. It might embarrass you.” I responded.

“Well, let me make a few notations on your outline and I’ll have my secretary type it up.” Ms. McCain muttered, looking away from me. “You can both stop by Thursday afternoon and sign it anytime after 2:00.”

We shook hands before exiting her office. Audrey followed me out to the lobby. I had a feeling she wanted to say something so I walked slowly, giving her ample opportunity. When I got to the front door, I turned to face her.

“Black.” She said, blushing.

“Good guess.” I replied, smiling. “White, they show off my tan better.”

We shook hands again, laughing about our conversation. I walked the short distance to my car in the late afternoon heat. The temperature must have been in the low 90’s with extremely high humidity. Almost as hot as Audrey McCain’s law office!

David was late getting home so I decided to cook out on the grille instead of preparing a big dinner. I told him about my meeting with Audrey McCain, leaving out none of the details.

“How’d your fishing trip go with Frank?” David inquired. “Looks like you got quite a bit of sun!”

“It went pretty well.” I responded. “Frank didn’t catch any fish but we had a good time together.”

David knew Frank and I shared a special relationship. He never asked what we talked about and I never offered to discuss anything. Whatever Frank and I shared, we kept between the two of us. Ours was a very private relationship.  It was 8:00am when I arrived at the studio, Wednesday morning. The crews were to bring the equipment in around 9:00 and get set up. Frank and Jackie showed up around 8:30, just as I was rolling up one of the large overhead doors along the side of the building.

“Probably wouldn’t hurt to make sure we’ve got plenty of towels and bottled water ready!” I exclaimed, kidding Jackie.

“You think Melissa Townsend’s going to be able to handle both Chris and Richie?” She asked, grinning. 

“I doubt if she’ll be able to handle either one of them.” I replied. “She’ll just be a survivor.”

Frank and the camera guys helped set up a bedroom scene complete with furniture, draperies and lighting. We were set up and ready to go before 9:30. We waited patiently for the actors to arrive.

Melissa Townsend showed up shortly after 9:30. After briefly chatting, Jackie led her off to one of the cubicles to get her hair and make-up done. I sat down in front of the two monitors. Frank came over and sat down next to me.

“Jackie and I are going to get married Saturday afternoon.” He informed me. “I got to thinking about what you said yesterday. We had a good, long talk last night about everything.”

“Just work with her Frank, not against her.” I said, giving him a big hug. “She’ll make you a good wife and I know you’ll make her a good husband. You better or I‘ll come after you if you don‘t!”

Chris and Richie arrived at the studio approximately fifteen minutes before shooting time. They were both wearing suits, like we’d asked them to. Melissa and Jackie came out of the cubicle to join us. I gathered everyone around the set, including the camera guys and Katrina, the sound technician. I reviewed how the scene was to be played out, making sure Melissa let Chris and Richie lead her through it. We briefly discussed some dialogue to add to the scene. 

The scene would start with Chris and Melissa sitting on the side of the bed as lovers. Richie would play the part of the husband who catches them together. 

“Cameras ready! Sound ready! Begin!” I shouted, staring at both monitors.

Chris and Melissa chatted about the possibility of getting caught by her jealous husband. Chris started kissing Melissa passionately, very passionately. Melissa was hot within seconds, clawing at Chris‘s clothes. Chris took off his jacket. Melissa practically tore his shirt off. I shouted “slow it down” into the headset microphone.

Chris restrained Melissa, working on getting her clothes off, till he had her down to her panties. Melissa’s nipples were erect and quite hard. Chris’s hands brushing over them, brought her passions to a peak. Chris pushed Melissa down on the bed. He quickly stripped off his slacks and briefs. Straddling her face, he proceeded to force his cock between her lips. The scene wasn’t playing quite like I wanted. I debated whether to call it off or not. While Melissa sucked on his cock, Chris reached around, slipping his hand beneath Melissa’s gauzy panties. His fingers working on her pussy, had her bucking her hips up off the bed.

I decided to let the scene go on a little longer, figuring we could edit out what I didn‘t want to keep. Melissa was like a wildcat in a forest fire. She was going to be worn out before the “money shots”. I lit up a cigarette, continuing to watch the scene. My hand was shaking from nervous tension. 

Chris took Melissa’s panties off, tossing them to the floor. He spread her legs, eagerly licking and sucking on her pussy. Melissa was screaming as her first orgasm shook her entire body. Chris was having a difficult time controlling her. He had to restrain her arms above her head with one hand while he penetrated her pussy, guiding his cock with his free hand. While he was fucking her, trying to keep the pace slow, Richie burst into the scene. He screamed at both of them.

“You fucking whore!” Richie screamed. “You damn little slut!”

I rolled my eyes and almost laughed. Richie sucked at dialogue! Jackie couldn’t restrain her laughter. She put her hands over her mouth so the audio wouldn’t pick it up.

Richie stripped off his suit, having difficulty with his tie. The knot was tied to tight! “Stop” I shouted into the microphone. “Freeze!”

I rushed onto the set, helping Richie get his tie off. He was more aggravated than I was. I noticed his cock wasn’t hard, so I gave him a quick squeeze and kissed him passionately on the lips, forcing my tongue between his lips. His cock was gradually getting hard so I kept rubbing and squeezing it.

I hurried off the set, putting my headphones back on. “Start” I shouted into the mike and looking down at the monitors.

Richie pulled Melissa across the bed till her head was hanging over the side. He pushed his hard cock into her mouth. Melissa’s eager lips sucked on him, swirling her tongue up and down the shaft, then pulling it back into her mouth. Chris fucked Melissa for several minutes before pulling his cock from her steamy pussy. He and Richie changed positions, putting Melissa on all fours. Richie fucked her doggie-style while she wantonly sucked on Chris’s cock. 

Chris came first, shooting his load all over her face. Richie fucked Melissa hard till he got his load off, shooting it up her back. Chris kept stroking his cock, getting a second load off. He shot it over Melissa’s head and down her back. It almost landed on Richie, who jumped back in time.

“Stop! Stop!” I shouted. 

To say I was disappointed was an understatement. I let the three actors catch their breath. Jackie handed Chris and Richie towels, tossing one to Melissa. She was covered in cum. Jackie had to help her wipe off. Chris and Richie had really outdone themselves, giving her a cum-bath. 

“You want me to cut you out of the scene?” George asked, grinning. 

“Didn’t you stop the cameras?” I exclaimed.

“Hell no!” He replied. “It’ll make a great blooper!”

“Blooper my ass! Make sure you cut me out of the scene.” I exclaimed. “It wasn’t all that damn funny!”

It probably would have made a great blooper but I didn’t want to be in any scenes. Later, during editing, I made sure the scene was cut and destroyed.

Richie and Chris hurried off to the showers. Melissa, with Jackie’s help, made it into the bathroom. She was stable enough to shower without Jackie’s assistance.

I was sitting in front of the monitor table when Jackie returned. She was grinning, almost bursting out laughing.

“Richie sucked big time.” She said. “He can’t act unless his dick’s stiff!”

“Yeah, I know.” I responded. “Chris and Melissa did alright on the dialogue. Melissa needs to exercise a little more self-control though.”

“Maybe we should have them rehearse scenes where there’s alot of dialogue.” Jackie suggested. “It sure couldn’t hurt!”  Rehearsing wasn’t a bad idea. It wouldn’t cost me anything. We were paying the actors by the scene, not by the hour!  

I paid the camera guys and Jared and Katrina so they could be on their way. We waited for Chris and Richie to get dressed. Melissa had showered and was resting in one of the cubicles. Jackie checked in on her to make sure she was alright.

Chris and Richie left right after getting paid. They seemed anxious to be on their way. I knew Chris had taken time off from work to do the video.  

Frank, Jackie and I sat in the office, away from where Melissa, so she couldn’t overhear us. We held a brief meeting, discussing the next day’s shoot. It was almost noon when Frank and Jackie left. 

Melissa was getting dressed. I stood at the entrance to the cubicle, chatting with her.  

“Guess I really blew my first movie, didn’t I?” She stated. “I’ll do better the next time. I promise.”

“You did alright.” I responded. “I got the scenes I wanted.” 

“You need to try and relax a little. Just let the scene flow along. Don’t get yourself all worked up right at the beginning.” I added. “Save enough energy for the ending.”

I scheduled Melissa to do another video for Friday morning with Carson. She readily agreed, not hesitating for an instant. I handed her the pay envelope, knowing the money wasn’t important to her. I was sure her divorce settlement from Scott would keep her financially happy.

I locked up the studio, making sure the gates were secure before I left. My cell phone rang when I got back in the car. It was James Harris!

“How about lunch here at the office?” He asked. “Colin and I would like to get going on this deal!”

“Great!” I exclaimed. “I can be there whenever you want.”

“Just come on down to the office and we’ll have lunch catered in.” He responded.

I made the trip to their downtown offices in less than thirty minutes, eager to close the deal. Colin Douglas’s secretary escorted me into the conference room where Douglas and Harris were already waiting.

“We’ll let you know when we’re ready to eat.” James Harris said to the secretary.

He waited till she’d left and shut the door before speaking.

“Colin and I are willing to sign your contract but we’ve added a clause.” Harris stated. “We want a guarantee that you’ll at least make our initial investment back.”

I took a minute to think about it before reluctantly agreeing. I’d have to guarantee their investment against any losses. It was a win-win situation for them, but nothing I‘d gain from it. After James Harris and Colin Douglas signed both copies of the document, I signed my name. I handed them back one copy, keeping the other for myself. I double-checked both cashier’s checks making sure they were made out correctly. It felt good to have $200,000 in my hands! I stuffed the two checks in my purse and set it on the floor, next to my chair.

The three of us had a nice luncheon, although I wasn’t very hungry. We discussed the movie business and what I’d be investing half the money in. I explained part of the money would go to pay off the equipment I had to purchase. I was going to pay myself back first, then invest the balance of the $100K. My $100,000 “bonus” wasn’t any of their business so I didn‘t mention what I was going to do with it. I left their law offices around 2:00, heading straight to the bank. 

J.R.’s was just opening when I pulled into the club‘s parking lot. I sat at the bar, talking with Marcus. He and Fawn had everything working smoothly. I waited till Sarah arrived at 5:00 before leaving the club. I told Fawn I’d stop back in later in the evening.

Arriving home, I quickly checked through the mail before starting dinner. I wasn’t hungry but I knew David would be. He had a bad habit of skipping lunch if he was busy. My cooking wasn’t the best but David enjoyed eating it.

Later, we sat at the diningroom table, eating dinner. David talked about the job his crew was working on. I didn’t know much about electricity, just enough to get hurt with. Listening to David was giving me a good education and insight into his work. I just liked hearing him talk about something enthusiastically. 

We discussed my meeting with Harris and Douglas. David was happy for me, knowing how much I wanted their investment money. I knew David hated the adult movie business but he tolerated my being involved in it. Now that I had their money, he knew I wasn’t about to call it quits anytime soon.
