 The thunder shaking the house woke me early Tuesday morning. I found myself lying next to Steven in bed, his strong arms holding me close. I could barely see my clothing neatly placed on a chair in the corner of the room. I didn’t remember getting undressed or going to bed. The last thing I remembered was resting my head in Steven’s lap on the couch. I clutched Steven’s hand to my breasts, drifting back to sleep.

It was mid-morning when I awoke the second time. Steven was gone, leaving me alone in the queen-size bed. I could hear voices coming from the other end of the house. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I tried to get my bearings. I had a splitting headache. Making my way to the bathroom, I glanced in the mirror. My hair and make-up were a mess. It took me awhile to get myself fixed up and dressed. Drifting down the hallway, the voices became more familiar.

Frank and Jackie were standing in the kitchen, chatting over coffee. The stopped talking when they saw me approaching. 

“How you feeling?” Frank asked. “Better I hope.”

“I’m ok, just a headache.” I muttered. “Where’s Steven?”

“He left for his office around 8:00.” Jackie replied. “Said to keep you here for the day.”

“I can’t stay here all day.” I responded. “I’ve got things to take care of.”

I sat down at the dinette table in the kitchen. Jackie set a cup of coffee in front of me. I needed a cigarette to go with it but I couldn’t remember where I’d put my purse. I settled for the coffee, sipping it slowly. 

Frank sat down across from me. 

“How about some breakfast to get you day started?” He suggested. “Might make you feel better.”

“No, no thanks.” I replied. “I couldn’t eat anything.”

“Amber’s at the studio with Paul and Ryan.” Jackie said. “She’s going to stay with them till noon. I’ll stay with them the rest of the day.”

“I need to get back to the apartment.” I stated. “Grab a shower and get down to the club.”

“I’m going with you.” Frank spoke. “I’m not about to leave you alone.”

I started to reply to his remark but caught myself before speaking. It was useless to argue with him. He was as bullheaded as his son.

Frank drove me home, waiting in the livingroom while I showered and got dressed. I’d left my attaché at the studio so I asked Frank to drive me there before going to J.R.’s. My headache had subsided so I was feeling better.

I smoked one cigarette after another. The leather upholstery in Frank’s Jaguar sedan was probably absorbing most of the smell. 

“You need to quit that awful habit!” He exclaimed. “Not good for your health!”

“You sound like my father.” I responded. “He used to say the same thing.”

“You ever see your folks?” He asked. “I never hear you mention them.”

“They pretty much disowned me after the divorce.” I replied. “Said I didn’t try to work things out.”

Amber was talking with Ryan when Frank and I walked into the studio. She came rushing over to me, putting her arms around me.

“You should take some time off.” She suggested. “Get away till everything’s back to normal.”

“I wouldn’t know what normal is.” I stated. “I don’t want to just sit around and do nothing. I’ve got to stay busy.”

I picked up my attaché and headed towards the door. Frank lagged behind, saying something to Amber. I couldn’t hear what they were saying.

I waited in the car till Frank finally came out. We headed west towards the club when Frank suddenly turned north.

“Where we going?” I asked. “I really need to get to the club.”

“Marcus can take care of the club till Amber gets there.” He finally replied. “Guess you could say, I’m kidnapping you for the day.”

Frank pulled into a convenience store, parking near the door. 

“Come on, we need to do a little shopping.” He commanded.

I followed Frank into the store. He piled my arms full with sandwiches, potato chips and snack items. Frank carried the soft drinks as we made our way to the checkout counter. We picked up several bags of ice on our way back out to the car. I purchased two packs of cigarettes, not wanting to run out.

“Mind telling me where the hell we’re going?” I asked as we drove northeast, away from the city.

“Thought the two of us would spend the day on the boat.” He replied. “Just the two of us. Maybe do a little fishing.”

Frank and I loaded everything onto the boat and headed out onto the lake. The clouds had cleared off, letting the sun glare off the water. I put my sunglasses on so I my eyes wouldn’t squint so much.

“You bikini is down below in the cabin if you want to put it on.” He informed me.

Franks suggestion sounded good to me so I stepped down below deck and quickly changed into the white bikini. Frank pulled the boat close to the shoreline and tossed the anchor over, tying it to one of the cleats. He opened two Cokes, handing me one.

“You want to fish or lie out in the sun?” He asked. “I’d love to teach you to fish.”

“Fishing sounds great.” I replied. “I’m willing to give it a shot.”

Frank spent quite awhile teaching me how to cast and reel the line back in. It took me several tries before I started getting the hang of it. I wasn’t nearly as good as Frank but he complimented me anyway.

“My grandsons love to come out and fish.” He stated. “Steven’s not much on fishing though.”

“I can’t wait till you meet Zack and Trey.” He added. “You’ll love them.”

“What do you think they’re going to say about me?” I asked. “Think they’ll approve?”

“Well, they won’t call you Mom right off.” He quipped.  I started to respond to his remark but thought it would only start a disagreement. I kept my mouth shut and kept on fishing.

My arms got tired after awhile so I decided to lay out for awhile while Frank kept on fishing. Thoughts of Andrea crept into my mind. I felt Carl and I had done the right thing in taking care of her when nobody else would come forward. That made me feel a little better.

Frank and I sat on the front deck over the cabin, eating the sandwiches and chips. I was hungry, not having eaten since the evening before.

“Steven said he took you over to the house on the lake.” Frank said. “What’d you think of it?”

“You mean the new house that’s sitting empty?” I replied. “It’s beautiful, nothing I’d consider buying, but it’s nice, sitting right on the lake and all.”

“You wouldn’t want to live there?” He curiously asked. 

“Why? Is there something I should know before I answer?” I inquired.

“Well………..Steven and I bought the house a few months ago.” He answered. “Sort of an investment.”

“Sort of?” I quipped. “Why doesn’t one of you move in instead of leaving it empty?

“Awfully big house for just one guy all alone. Don‘t you think?” He responded, smiling coyly. “Maybe Jackie and I will move into it.”

“You and Jackie spend alot of time together.” I said. “You two serious or is it just something casual?”

“I’m going to ask Jackie to marry me.” He murmured. “Just need to find the appropriate time and place.”

“Married!” I exclaimed. “You are serious!”

“What do you think she’ll say?” Frank asked. “I’m afraid she might say no. There‘s eighteen years difference in our ages.”

“Have you made love to her?” I blatantly asked.

“Of course, almost every night.” He answered. “Thank God there’s Viagra!’

“How does she respond to you when you’re………….making love to her?” I inquired.

“She goes a little nuts, clawing and screaming out.” He muttered. “It’s like nothing I’ve ever experienced before. She squeezes the crap out of me!”

I had to grit my teeth to keep from laughing out loud at his answer. I could just about picture Jackie in the throws of ecstasy clawing away at Frank.  

“Well, I’m the last one on earth who should be dispensing advice on love and marriage.“ I quipped. “But, I’d at least ask her.”

“Think I’d make her a good husband?” He asked.

“You better!” I exclaimed. “You’ll answer to me if you don’t!”

The two of us lay out on the deck of the boat till early evening. Frank let me drive the boat back to the marina, something I really enjoyed. Throttling the power up on the “Legal Beagles” was exhilarating. I didn’t bother getting dressed, opting to wear the wear the white bikini home. Frank sure wasn’t objecting when we walked past a couple of his friends sitting on their boats tied up at the same dock. 

I hastily showered and got dressed. Even if Tuesdays were a slow night, I still needed to get to the club and make sure things were going smoothly. Marcus and Amber had everything well under control. I could always count on those two.

The rest of the week went by slowly and without incident. Thursday morning, almost everyone from the club gathered at the funeral home for Andrea’s services. Although I was adjusting to the fact she was gone, it was still hard to accept. Carl and Steven sat next to me during the brief ceremony, both giving me strength to make it through the ordeal. I held back my tears. I think I was all cried out. 

That evening, Carl phoned me at the club.

“Just wanted to make sure you were alright.” He said. “I’d like to talk with you about your production company. Maybe we can collaborate on something.”

“Sure, we can talk.” I responded. “How about Monday morning, 9:00 at the studio?”

Carl agreed to meet with me so I gave him the address of the studio. Even though I was distrustful of Carl, it wouldn’t hurt to talk with him. Better to keep in at bay than to have him as an enemy.

Later in the evening, Steven stopped by the club. I was helping out behind the bar but I took time to spend with him up in the office. We didn’t get to spend much time together so we both made extra efforts to meet, even if it was only briefly.  “Dad bought Jackie an engagement ring this afternoon.” Steven informed me. “Think he’s going to pop the question sometime this weekend.”

“Is he still worried about their age difference?” I inquired. “He mentioned that was his biggest concern.”

“Yeah, I think that and the fact they haven’t really known each other very long.” He answered. 

“They do make a nice couple, no matter what their ages.” I stated. “Both of them have been married before so they know what they’d be getting into.”

“Sort of like us isn’t it?” Steven stated.

“Be nice if they’d move into the house on the lake.” I said, changing the subject somewhat. “I’m sure Jackie would love it out there.”

“Dad, maybe, maybe not. He’s always lived in Westfield.” He responded. “He loves the lake though.”  Steven left the club around 10:00, giving me a passionate, good-bye kiss before he left. I walked with him out to his car, leaning through the window for one last, brief kiss. 

“I’ve got Zack and Trey this weekend.” He stated. “Thought maybe the four of us could have a cook-out at the house on the lake. Maybe Dad and Jackie would like to join us?”

“Sounds great.” I replied. “I can hardly wait to meet them.”

My reply brought a big smile to Steven’s face. There was no way in getting around meeting his sons this time, no excuses. Steven would never excuse me again.

Sunday morning I awoke to the sounds of Amber moaning loudly. At first, I was startled but then realized she was in bed with someone, probably the boyfriend she’d been keeping secret from everyone. The door was closed so I couldn’t see who it was. I did see a pair of cowboy boots and a pair of blue jeans lying on the floor at the top of the stairs. Maybe Amber’s got herself a cowboy! Wonder if he parked his horse out front!

After showering and putting on my make-up and fixing my hair, I put on a pair of dress slacks and a nice blouse to compliment them. Steven’s sons were just four and five but I wanted to look my best. Steven picked me up shortly before noon. He could tell I was nervous. He took my hand in his to help calm me. Frank and Jackie were already out at the house with Zack and Trey. 

“Relax, will you?” Steven said. “You’ll do fine. Just be yourself.” 

We pulled into the circular driveway at the house. Frank’s Jaguar was parked in front of the house. I took a deep breath before opening my car door. Steven helped me carry the food and beverages into the house. I could see the two boys playing out in the backyard. Frank had his arm around Jackie, pulling her in close to him as they stood on the patio.

“You want to see the house or meet the boys first?” Steven asked. 

“Let’s meet you two sons.” I replied, knowing it was what he wanted to hear.

Steven and I walked through the French doors stepping out onto the patio. Zack and Trey spotted us and came running up the hill. Steven introduced me to them as his girlfriend, when I shook both their hands. The boys quickly returned to their playing down by the lake.

Jackie and I worked in the gourmet kitchen preparing the food while Steven and his dad cooked the steaks on the gas grille.

“You two set a date yet?” I asked Jackie.

“Not really, maybe next month.” Jackie replied. “You think it’s alright if I marry him?”

“Why, don’t you love him?” I asked, surprised at her question

“Yes, I love Frank very much.” She replied. “Is that enough reason to get married?”

“If you really love the guy, then I don’t see anything wrong with marrying him.” I stated.

“If that’s the case, why aren’t you marrying Steven then?” Jackie asked, grinning.

“You and Frank have a chance at making a go of it.” I answered. “Steven and I don’t.”

“Jennifer, you got more bullshit excuses for not getting married than anyone I ever saw.” She stated. “I think you’re just scared of failing at another marriage.”

“Hey, steaks are about ready!” Frank exclaimed, standing just inside the French doors.

We ate out on the patio, enjoying the view. Frank and Jackie talked about their impending wedding. They just wanted immediate family and a few friends, nothing big. Jackie asked if I’d be her maid of honor. Naturally, I accepted, considering it an honor. 

We sat out on the patio till almost 7:00. The sun was slowly setting behind the tall trees surround the lake. The boys were playing down by the lake but not close enough where they might be in any danger.

Steven and I took Zack and Trey home around 8:30. The boys sat in the backseat of the care, behaving themselves, hardly saying a word. Steven walked them up to their door. I could barely see the boy’s mother standing just inside the doorway. I don’t think she could see me in the darkness of the car.    “I think it all went pretty well with the boys, don’t you?” Steven stated, as we drove back to my apartment.

“Yes, it was a really nice day.” I responded. “Zack and Trey are great kids.”

I was relieved that things had gone well. Steven and I didn’t say much on the drive back to my apartment, preferring to just hold hands and keep silent.

Carl was right on time for Monday morning’s meeting. I briefed everyone on why Carl was there so nobody would be in the dark. I was just going to hear him out, nothing more.

Carl suggested I use some of his technicians to shoot our first video. It would give us more time to sort through all the applicants. I already had Jared picked for one of the audio technicians but I still needed two more. I was familiar with Carl’s camera operators. They had plenty of experience and were damn good at what they did. I would definitely consider using them but I didn‘t want to seem overanxious.

Carl offered us the use of his wardrobe and lighting for a nominal rental fee. I was getting curious as to how Carl was going to operate without his key people and some of his equipment. 

“Mind telling me how you’re going to make your own videos without camera operators and lighting.” I inquired. 

“Well, I’m not real busy right now.” He answered. “Sort of on a hiatus for a few weeks, maybe longer.”

Good answer but it was clearly a lie. The few times I’d driven by his studio I hadn’t seen any cars there. I doubted he was making any videos at all. I wasn’t sure why but there had to be a good reason.

I told Carl I’d be getting back with him. I wanted to discuss everything without Carl’s presence. Jackie knew him better than anyone. I was anxious to get her view of what had been said. Carl left the studio, shaking hands with Frank, wishing him well with his impending marriage to Jackie.

“Ok! Let’s hear what everyone’s got to say.” I exclaimed.

“He’s either got something up his sleeve or he’s asshole deep in trouble!” Jackie spoke out. “I don’t know which but I’m leery of the bastard.”

“Hey, I thought it was nice of him to offer to help us out!” Frank exclaimed. 

“Frank, honey. I was married to him, I know how Carl is.” Jackie responded. “With him, everything’s in dollar signs.”

“Amber, what do you think?” I asked.

“I’m not crazy about having his people working at our studio.” She replied. “Be like inviting the competition in to see what you’re doing.”

“I’m inclined to agree with you there.” I stated. “But anyone of us could be a spy or an informant.”

“I say we go for everything, the lights and wardrobe, but not his camera people.” Jackie spoke out.

“I don’t want to break in new camera operators.” I said. “They’d be like virgins.” 

The four of us sat around the table mulling over ideas. I finally made the decision to work with Carl’s camera operators. If they told Carl what we were shooting, there’s not much we could do about it. I wanted experience behind the camera, not a bunch of guys drooling all over themselves.

“There’s one thing I want posted on the front door so everyone entering the studio can see first thing.” I stated. “Everyone working for me will have to go through a drug test every thirty days. And, I want a background check on everyone too.” 

“Does that include us?” Frank asked. “Jackie, Amber and myself.”

“Yes, everyone.” I replied. “Does anyone have a problem with it?”

No one spoke out but Frank got a funny look on his face. I noticed his hands gripping the arms of his chair.

We spent the rest of the morning, looking over the responses and resumes we’d received from our ad in the underground newspaper for actresses and actors. We sorted out all the “definite no’s” first. That eliminated more than half of them right off. We reviewed each applicant, deciding on whether to set them up for an interview or not. Hiring the right guys and girls wasn’t going to be easy. The interview process would be difficult, tense and downright embarrassing for most.

We finished the meeting around noon. Amber and I were heading towards the club. Jackie and Frank were going to move things around so Ryan and Paul could start on converting the conference room into the breakroom. Jackie was going to start scheduling appointments for interviews. 

I cornered Frank off away from everyone, knowing something serious was on his mind.

“You want to talk to me about something before I leave?” I asked him.

“Oh………….” Frank hesitated to speak. “I better tell you something before it comes out in a police report.”

I got a lump in my throat, worrying about what he was going to tell me.

“I was disbarred.” He muttered. “I told Jackie, I decided to retire because of too much stress.”

“Why were you disbarred?” I asked. “Too many parking tickets?”

“Hah, I wish.” Frank responded. “I aided in a cover-up for a big chemical corporation that was doing business here in Indiana. Raked in several million, got caught with several high-ranking officials. Everyone’s career was ruined. I made a deal with the feds. It kept me out of prison and out of the newspapers.”

“I assume you can pass the drug test?” I asked. 

“Of course. I’ve never taken anything more than aspirin.” He replied.

“And Viagra!” I added, smiling. “I won’t do a background check on you. There isn’t anything else you want to tell me, is there?”

“No. I’m clean.” Frank answered. 

Amber and I drove to the club dodging several construction zones along the way. Seemed like there were as many orange cones on the road as there were cars. I thought about Frank’s past. Dollar signs had affected his better judgment, damn near ruining his life.
