 The rest of the week was more hectic than ever. We finished up with the interviews hiring four more girls. We also hired Carson, a black male. He was a former model who’d also played football in college. Carson had retained his muscular physique from his college days. He was just over six foot tall and bald. He shaved his head every day, something women liked, at least according to him. I wasn’t into bald guys so it didn’t do much for me.

Frank and Jackie brought all the lighting equipment from Paramount Productions over to our studio. We were beginning to look more and more like a video production company. Amber and I paid Carl a visit on morning, sorting through the clothing. I made Carl an offer to purchase all the clothing but he wouldn’t consider my offer. If I waited long enough, he might reconsider my offer. I wasn’t in any hurry but maybe Carl was.

Steven stopped by the club Wednesday evening. He seemed quite excited as he climbed the stairs to the office. He grabbed me, giving me a firm hug.

“Guess what!” He stated. “I just got invited to a cocktail party Saturday evening at the Harpers. It’s black tie!”

“So, who’re the Harpers?” I asked. “Someone important I take it.”

“James Harper of Harper, Douglas and Klein.” He replied. “They’re the largest corporate law office in the state.”

“Oh.” I responded. “Some of your competition?”

“Not if I can get in with them.” He answered. “I hoping this’ll lead to a job offer with their firm.”

“You mean give up your own firm and go in with them?” I asked, confused.

“Hell yes, let the bastards pay me to work for them.” Steven replied. “I could cut my overhead, work in a high-rise office. I’d be crazy not to work for them.”

“What about Sarah?” I mentioned. “Would you take her with you?”

“Nah, let the bitch go find another office job somewhere else!” He exclaimed.

I was more shocked than surprised at his remarks, especially about Sarah.

“I know Saturday nights one of your busiest but I really need you to accompany me.” He added. “It important to me.”

I didn’t really want to attend the cocktail party not because I’d have to be away from the club but because of Steven’s motives and callousness. I reluctantly agreed to go with him even though it was against my better judgment.

“Hope you’ve got a sexy cocktail dress in your wardrobe.” Steven stated. “If not, go buy something! I want you looking hot………..but not slutty or anything!”

“Ok.” I responded, sarcastically. “Sexy but not slutty. I think I can remember that.”

“I didn’t quite mean it like that.” Steven said, apologizing. “I just want you to look………nice!

“Window dressing.” I thought. “I’m just going to be window dressing for him, a trophy put on display for this law firm he was so damn interested in.”

Steven hurried out of the club, not bothering to ask how my day had gone. I was pissed to say the least. If I had doubts about our relationship, I had even more doubts now.

David Thompson, the electrical contractor, stopped in at the club early Friday afternoon.

“I just stopped by to see if we could start the lighting project early Monday morning?” He asked. I picked up most of the new fixtures this morning. The rest will be in early next week.”

“Yeah, I guess so.” I replied. “What time do you want to start?”

“Is 6:00am too early?” He inquired. “We’ll be out of your way before 3:00pm each day till we’re finished.”

“Oh, ok.” I muttered. “I’ll make arrangements to have someone here to let you in or I’ll be here myself.”

“If it’s a bother, we could start later in the morning.” David suggested. “I don’t want to cause you any hassle.”

“No, 6:00am is fine.” I stated. “It’s not a hassle.”

Steven arrived at the apartment around 7:30 Saturday evening to take me with him to the cocktail party. He was strikingly handsome in his tuxedo. I was sure he’d be noticed by the people he wanted to impress. I wore my white cocktail dress with matching high-heels. The designer dress was knee length with a toga style throw over one shoulder. I wore rhinestone earrings with a matching necklace to accentuate the outfit. Steven just looked me over quickly, smiling his approval. He never expressed a compliment or remark about my appearance.

“We arrived at the Harper’s residence in one of the more high class areas of Carmel around 8:15. I noticed several expensive cars parked along the driveway and over by the tennis courts. I felt uncomfortable, being out of my league. I had to go through with attending the party even if it was just for Steven.

Once inside the Harper’s magnificent home I was introduced to several other attorneys and businessmen Steven was acquainted with. I put on my best smile and tried to be friendly with everyone. Steven handed me a glass of champagne, knowing I was trying to keep away from any liquor. I sipped it slowly, hoping the one glass would get me through the night.

Steven made it a point to introduce me to Mr. and Mrs. Douglas and the Kleins. Both couples were in their mid to late fifties. Steven introduced me as the “future Mrs. Steven Wells”. Both couples seemed quite nice and impressed to some degree. I made idle chitchat with Mrs. Douglas while her husband and Steven went off somewhere to talk in private.

“Steven tells me you’re quite a businesswoman.” Mrs. Douglas stated. “What kind of business?”

“Business investments actually, nightclubs and video production companies.” I replied, trying to avoid going into any details.

I should have said. “Strip bars and adult films! You know, what guys really want when their wives aren’t around! Things that’ll make their dicks harder than concrete!” 

I kept my cool and changed the subject to legal talk. I figured Mrs. Douglas would carry most of the conversation. She yammered on and on about the law firm and how well they were doing. She sure wasn’t going to talk about sex. She’d probably forgotten what the hell sex was, no thanks to her husband. A good orgasm would probably put her in cardiac arrest!

I managed to finally get away from Mrs. Douglas, asking her where the powder room was. I set my half empty glass of champagne down at the end of the bar and slipped out onto the terrace to have a cigarette. The cool night air was refreshing, a welcome break from all the hot air inside the house. I smoked one cigarette and then lit up another.

“Could I get a light from you?” A handsome middle-aged man asked as he approached me.

“Certainly.” I replied, handing him my lighter. 

“Nice to find another smoker in this crowd!” He exclaimed. “Everyone’s kicking the habit!”

“The price isn’t helping matters any either.” I added. “Cigarettes are getting ridiculous.”

The man smiled at my remarks, introducing himself. “I’m James Harper.”

“Oh, I’m Jennifer Kramer.” I stated. “I’m here with Steven Wells.”

“Yes, I know.” Mr. Harper responded. “Steven’s fiancée, the businesswoman.”

“We’ve been keeping an eye on your Steven.” Harper stated. “He’s handled some really tough clients, done a great job with them.”

I nodded my head, not really knowing what he was referring to.   

“Yes, he’s a great attorney.” I muttered. “He’s taken really good care of me.”

I almost grinned when I realized how the remark sounded. Mr. Harper caught it too, getting a good laugh out of it. James put his hand on my shoulder, assuring me he thought it was just funny.

“How’s your businesses coming along.” James asked. “I hear J.R.’s is really booming since you bought the place.”

I was surprised he knew about my involvement in the nightclub. 

“Steven must have told you that?” I said. “We are doing good. In fact, we’re doing really well.”

“Steven never mentioned it.” Harper responded. “I just happen to know people who frequent your club.”

I assumed if Harper knew about J.R.’s, he might possibly know about the adult video business. He didn’t mention it and I certainly wasn’t going to bring it up. We talked for almost thirty minutes, smoking constantly during our conversation.

Mr. Harper took my hand, placing it on his arm as we walked back inside the house. He walked me around, introducing me to people in upper management positions and banking. I was quite impressed with the people attending the cocktail party. Spending most of the evening on James’s arm was much better than spending it with Steven. He was doing his best to make an impression on everyone. It was very disappointing, seeing him at his worse.

Steven and I left the party shortly before midnight. I asked Steven to let me drive, knowing he’d had too much to drink and still be driving but he wouldn’t hear of it. I cringed a couple of times on the way home when he ran several stop signs. He talked constantly about hoping to get a job offer from the law firm. 

I waited patiently till he got back to my apartment before letting him know it was over between us. He didn’t take the news all that well. I pulled the engagement ring off my finger and handed it to him. Not having the ring on made my hand feel awkward. I’d gotten so used to wearing it.

“Look, we need to talk about this.” Steven said. “I don’t want us to be over.”

“There’s no sense in talking.” I responded. “It’s over between us. I’m never going to get married again. Wearing the ring was just a sham. We weren’t kidding anybody but ourselves.”

I stepped out of the car and walked quickly towards my apartment. Steven drove off, almost hitting several parked cars. 

I hurriedly changed clothes and drove to the nightclub. I did the closing with Marcus so Amber could take off early and get some sleep. She noticed the ring was gone from my finger but didn‘t ask about it. I was glad she didn’t, not wanting to talk about it or answer any questions.

Sunday, I slept in till late afternoon. I was exhausted mentally and physically from the previous week’s activities. Amber was gone so I had the apartment all to myself. Lying on the couch, I watched movies till late in the evening.

It was almost 5:30 Monday morning when I left for J.R.’s. I checked on Amber before I left, finding her still gone. The cleaning crew was just leaving when I pulled into the club’s parking lot. 

David’s electricians arrived shortly after 6:00. David was with them, splitting the men into several crews. I stood back out of the way, figuring it was the best way I could help. From my office in the loft I could see the men scurrying around, not wasting any time. Chris and Jared were removing some of the old lighting. After everyone had their assigned duties, David came up to my office carrying several boxes.

“Thought you’d like to see some of the new lights before we installed them.” He said, opening one of the boxes.

I was quite impressed with their sleek design and color finish. David pointed out the technical features and economical aspects. I was quite impressed with his knowledge of the products. It made me feel alot better about spending the money.

I saw him looking at my hand, noticing the ring was gone. He started to say something but I asked him a quick question before he could speak. 

“I’d like to talk with Jared sometime this morning if you wouldn’t mind.” I said. “I didn’t want to bother him without asking you first.”

“Oh sure. It’s alright with me.” David responded. “He said something about hoping to do some audio work for you.”

I managed to talk with Jared before I left for the 9:00 meeting. He was gung-ho to work for us. Jared mentioned he had a close friend, his girlfriend in fact, that would work as his assistant. I asked him to stop by the studio and check out the equipment we’d purchased. He’d need to set it up to suit his requirements.

Frank sat in on our 9:00 meeting. Amber arrived a few minutes late, getting held up in traffic. We sat in the office discussing what we wanted to shoot for our first video.

“I like this fantasy concept.” Jackie stated. “We can shoot five straight scenes and one lesbian scene to make the movie.”

“What about shooting a fantasy series?” Amber asked. “Then we could shoot sequels as we came up with new ideas.”

“I like both ideas.” I stated. “We need to pick some really good fantasies though. I want the first video to be hot so we can build the demand for additional sequels.”

“I’ve got plenty of fantasies.” Jackie said, laughing. “I can write them down but they’ll still need to be scripted.”

“Maybe we need a writer.” I responded. “That’s something I didn’t think about. Someone who can write dialogue as well as story ideas.”

“Could just have the actors adlib the lines.” Amber suggested. “With some of these inexperienced girls that probably isn’t a very good idea though.”

We mulled over the idea of hiring a writer but I wasn’t too keen on adding another person to the payroll right now. The money wasn’t running out but it was spending alot more than I had anticipated. 

“Why don’t you try and find someone who’ll sell us stories?” Frank asked. “Someone who can write dialogue as well as ideas.”

“That’s an idea, at least for now anyway.” I replied. “Once I recoup some of these initial expenses, we’ll add a writer.”

“What about special effects equipment?” Frank inquired. “Have you thought about that?”

“Not really.” I answered. “We’ll get into that later. I can’t afford to buy anymore equipment right now.”

“Guess that means editing equipment too?” Frank stated.

“No, I’ve got enough money to buy editing equipment.” I replied. “It’s mostly computers, electronics and software. Guess I need to go shopping again, don’t I?”

I was trying to run figures in my head, not paying attention to the rest of the conversation. My main thought was getting the first video completed and on the market. It had to be successful in order to keep going. Failure wasn’t an option!

“Is there anything else we need to discuss before I get going?” I inquired.

“Well, now that you mention it. There is one thing.” Jackie spoke.

“What’s that?” I asked.

“What happened between you and Steven?” Jackie asked. “Why’d you give him his ring back?”

It was hard looking right at Frank and relating what Steven had said and how he’d acted at the cocktail party. I was sure Steven had given Frank and Jackie his side of the story.  

“Steven’s definitely got his downside at times.” Frank stated. “I just hate to see it end between you two over something so frivolous.”

“Frivolous, downside my ass!” I exclaimed. “He just showed his true colors. Saturday night, I was nothing more than his showpiece. If I’d of known how much of an ass he was going to make of himself, I’d never have gone.”

“But…………he just………….”  Frank started to say.

“Frank, it’s over between your son and me!” I stated. “I don’t want to hear his name ever mentioned again. Let’s drop it before I say something I’ll regret.”

I didn’t give Frank a chance to respond. I grabbed my purse and attaché, hurrying to the door. If Frank had tried to make another excuse for Steven’s behavior, I’d probably have thrown him out. 

Later, Monday afternoon at the club, I received a phone call from Carl. He sounded a little desperate so I listened to him. 

“That offer on the clothes still standing?” Carl asked. “I might be willing to consider it.”

“Wish it was Carl but right now I’m not spending any money I don’t have to.” I replied. “Maybe later on after I make some of my money back. Just not right now.”

“Damn, hate to hear that.” Carl responded. “I could really use some quick cash.”

“You…………need cash……..with all the fucking money you’ve made!” I exclaimed. “That’s a little hard for me to believe!”

“Well, I wouldn’t bullshit you.” Carl stated. “I’m in a bit of a financial bind right now.”

“Well, I’d be willing to work out a deal.” I offered. “You accept my original offer with payment in ninety days, no sooner.”

“How about sixty days instead of ninety?” Carl asked.

“Can’t do it Carl, ninety days is my best offer.” I answered. 

“Ok, let’s do it.” He replied. “How soon can you get over here and take everything out?”

“Let me call Jackie, see what she and Frank have got going on.” I said. “I’ll have Jackie give you a call on your cell phone.”

I called Jackie to let her know the situation. She and Frank would set up a time for the two of them to go over to Carl’s and bring out all the clothing. Jackie was like me, not understanding how Carl could be in financial difficulties with all the money he’d made in the past.

By 2:30, the Thompson electricians had cleared out, cleaning up any messes they’d made. I leaned back in my chair to take a quick nap before opening time. I left the club around 10:00pm that evening. I could barely keep my eyes open on the drive home.

It was raining torrents the next morning. David’s electricians were late getting to the club because of the weather. I spoke briefly with David about the lighting project and how things were progressing. We sat at one of the tables, sharing a cup of coffee. David left after awhile to check out a job some of his men were working on across town. 

Chris came up to the office during a break. He appeared to have something on his mind.

“You doing ok?” He asked. “Kind of worried about you.”

“I’m ok.” I answered. “Why would you be worried about me?

“I noticed you’re not wearing your engagement ring.” Chris replied. “That and you look like you’re really tired.”

“Oh……well, it’s over between Steven and me.” I responded. “We weren’t really engaged anyway.”

“Does that mean you’re dating again?” He asked.

“No! Besides you’ve got a girlfriend don’t you?” I answered, kidding him.

“Yeah, I’ve got a girlfriend.” Chris said. “Somebody else was just wondering.”

“Somebody else?” I questioned. “Well, I’m not dating anyone, not for awhile anyway.”

“What if Dave were to ask you out, say for dinner or something?” He asked. “Would you go out with him?”

“David Thompson?” I replied. “Isn’t he married?”

“No, he’s divorced.” Chris replied. “He’d really like to go out with you.”

I didn’t know what to say so I didn’t say anything. I wasn’t in the mood to go out with anyone and I certainly didn‘t have any free time.

It was nearing 9:00 before I got away from the club. The white cargo van was parked alongside the building when I pulled up in front of the studio. Everyone was sitting in my office, waiting on me. I grabbed a cup of coffee and sat down at my desk.

“Ok, where do we start first?” I asked. “What’s the latest on getting the clothes out of Carl’s studio?”

“Jackie and I are going over right after the meeting.” Frank responded. “I borrowed the van so we should be able to get everything in one trip.”

“IRS! Bet it’s the IRS that’s hot on Carl!” Jackie exclaimed. “Knew they’d catch onto him eventually!”

“What do you mean?” I inquired. “He did pay his taxes, didn’t he?”

“Carl never paid ALL his taxes.” Jackie replied. “He had some half-assed accountant doing his books, both sets.”

“Both sets!” I exclaimed. “He should have known better. Carl’s got more sense than that“.

“Are we still planning on shooting the first scene Monday like we planned?” Amber asked, changing the subject. “We need to get set up if we are.”

“Yeah, we’re still on for Monday.” I replied. “I’m going to put Rick and Diane in it with Chris as the male lead.”

“What’s the fantasy?” Jackie questioned. “Two guys doing one girl?”

“One guy, Chris, doing Diane while her husbands watches.” I replied. “A fantasy where the husband wants to see another guy fuck the hell out of his wife.”

“Rick’s going to be a dud, not a stud!” Amber stated. “I’ve just got this gut feeling about him.”

“I’m not all that interested in Rick as a male lead.” I responded. “He’s just another cock doing an occasional money shot.”

“Your not going to be in any of the videos, are you?” Jackie asked. “No reason you should be.”

It was plain to see the question wasn’t just coming from Jackie. Frank was just as interested in my answer.
