 It was one of those rainy days when all you want to do is sleep. I however had other things to do. This was my day to volunteer at the local library. Today was "Help a young person lean to read day." For what ever reason children between the ages of twelve and eighteen that had poor reading skills were given two days a month to get help reading. It was my turn to volunteer for this chore. 

I had four boys that I had started with some six weeks before and much to my surprise they were doing very well. One boy a tall black eighteen year old had come along very quickly. At the end of the fifth session I had invited Norman to come and work for me mowing my yard and raking leaves.

He had called and said his mother was sick and asked if he could come this week instead. I told him there would be twice as much to do but he seemed willing to given it a try. So after today's lesson he was going to ride home with me and start work them come back tomorrow and finish up.

Norman was a very polite young man and very handsome. Broad shoulders narrow waist slender yet sinewy and looked very strong. He came around to open the car door for me and I was pleased with his manners. 

Once we arrived home he went straight to the little shed out back and got out the tools that he needed to start cleaning up the yard. About noon I called him in to ask if he would like a sandwich and a glass of milk. He came in and I sent him down the hall to clean up while I set the table. 

A moment or two later I heard Norman scream. I ran down the hall and knocked on the bathroom door. 

"Ouch; ouch... God damn it hurts."

"Norman want is wrong? Are you alright? What's the screaming about?"

"My cock, my cock is caught in my zipper. There is blood. Mother fucker it hurts."

I was surprised at his langue but all most laughed at why he was so up set. 

I was very stern when I said "Stop that filthy talk and zip up."

"I can't zip up there is blood. I can't touch blood. Oh, god I think I'm going to fait." 

Then there was a bump on the door and I heard Norman slid to the floor. 

I turned the handle and pushed hard to get the door open far enough to squeeze by.

Norman had fainted and he was all twisted around half on his back with his knees pulled up. Kneeling down I could see there was a small trickle of blood where the zipper had pinched the skin on his penis.

I fumbled with his belt and got his shorts open. I grabbed the zipper and pushed it down. It came free and his short came wide open. His penis was enormously long. It was dark brown and there was almost no skin behind the massive head. He had been closely clipped when he was circumcised. The spot where the zipper pinched him was very tiny but there was a little drop of blood. So I took a pad of paper off the toilet paper roll and padded the drop of blood away. 

I don't know why I took his penis in my hand but I did. It had been years since I had touched a man and just looking at his cock sent shivers through my body. I looked at his face. He was still very much passed out. So I milked his cock a few times like I used to do for my husband. 

It felt good to hold a warm soft hunk of meat in my hand. I held it thinking of how I loved to milk my husbands cock and feel it grow in my hand. 

When he was ready to cum I would take it into my mouth and swallow his salty thick semen.

I felt this boys cock stiffen in my hand as I slowly continued to milk it. I watched his cock grow longer and thicker. The dark brown head had a very thick ridge around the base and the head was long with a little pink opening at the tip.

I really don't and I mean this. I don't remember bending down and taking his cock in my mouth. But I must have because when I blinked I had most of his cock in my mouth. I was sliding my mouth up and down the shaft as it grew longer and stronger. 

I sucked as much of his cock into my mouth as I could so I could feel the big head touch the gag spot in my throat. I lost all track of time but the next thing I knew Norman was holding my by the head and twisting into a sitting position. I tried to pull back but Norman held my head on his cock as he started to move his hips to and fro driving his cock into my mouth. I gave up trying to jerk my head away. I had started this and Norman was going to finish in my mouth. 

"Come on Mamma, I'm Cumming. Suck my black fucking cock you white old bitch. Suck it, I going to fuck you brains out."

I did not what to pull away. I wanted to taste his cum. I wanted this young man to cum in my mouth. I did not care what he said about me I knew it was all wrong. But I did not care at this point.

Norman came and filled my mouth three times as I swallowed each spurt and when he was done I licked is cock clean.

I sat up and leaned back against the toilet my head slumped down on my chest. 

Norman stood his shorts still on the floor. He grabbed me by he shoulders and lifted me up. My head was just about to his neck. 

He said "Lead me to your bedroom. We may as well finish this. I think I want to fuck you." I said nothing and lead the way down the hall to my bedroom. 

Norman bent me over the foot of the bed and jerked my shorts down around my ankles and very quickly spread my legs. He pushed his cock into me at an odd angle yet it felt strangely stimulating and I was aroused at this first touch. His cock was the first that had been in me in several years. It felt so wonderful I exploded quickly and then started to work with him so we could have another climax together.

Norman lifted me up so my knees were on the bed and he was on the floor. This way he got in deeper and started ramming me full of his massive cock. I climaxed for the second time and Norman followed shortly afterwards. It felt like he had as much semen the second time as he had the first. 

When he finished I turned around and sat on the bed. 

Pulling him to me I again licked his cock clean and milked every last drop of cum out of him as I did.

"Mrs. Bennett; Mrs. Bennett." 

The words came though my head as if they were sand papering their way into my soul. I opened my eyes to see Norman bending over me. 

He said "Are you alright? Should I call a doctor?" 

Blinking my eyes I realized I was on the kitchen floor. I was not in the bedroom and Norman was fully dressed. He helped me sit up and I asked. "How did I get here?"

Norman said "I think you passed out or fell."

I said "Oh, I'm fine. Just help me up."

Norman took me in his strong arms and lifted me to my feet. I sat in a chair and looked at the table. It was set with the food and drinks. I don't remember falling or even feeling bad. 

I told Norman to go ahead and eat while I went to lie down for a few minutes. 

I went to my bedroom and my bed was made as neatly as it had been this morning. I thought I had to have been day dreaming for some reason I fainted but why was it so intents and all about sex with this young man.

I told Norman to work until he felt it was time to go home and come back in the morning to finish. He said he would and I went back to bed. 

Feeling confused and in a state of utter misconnection as to why I had that highly irregular dream I fell asleep still feeling as if I had had sex.

I woke later in the early evening as the sum was setting. The sky was not fully dark but the street lights had just come on. I showered and went to the kitchen for a cup of coffee.

I stopped as I walked by the hall bath. 

Pushing the door open I looked in not knowing what to expect. The hand towel was misplaced on the towel bar. I took it and was going to replace it with another when I got a blurred vision of Norman using it to wipe his face. Then I saw him naked again and I saw his cock as I had before. My eyes were fixed on his cock and every detail was as it had been earlier. I wanted to touch it but I looked up at his face and he was looking at me smiling. Then everything went blank. I dropped the hand towel and stepped back into the hall. I knew something was wrong but I could not figure it out. 

I sat on my screened porch sipping hot coffee and this seemed to help. I started to remember things from over forty years ago. Things I had left behind when I got married. 

I had married when I was twenty and was married for twenty years and had been a widow for six. So at forty-six I felt old beyond my years. I had gained a few pounds and my hips were a little wider than a few years ago. I guess I had let my self go and made the decision right there and then to start getting back into shape. There was a new club that offered a special for new members that had just opened. 

I made a note to call in the morning. 

Looking out across the back yard I noticed that Norman had really done a lot as there was a very large pile of leaves out by the corner of the garage. I'd call the city and see if they pick up of if I have to bag leaves. That was when I remember Mr. Harrling down the street had said he would like all the leaves I had as he composted them for his garden. I'd call him in the morning also. 

I refilled my cup and noticed the time. It was early yet so I called Mr. Harrling and told him there was a large pile of leaves at the back of my yard. He thanked me and said he'd be right down to pick them up. 

I said tomorrow was fine as the young man doing my yard work would have more tomorrow.

He said that was fine he come down anyway as he had nothing to do and the evening was still young. We hung up and I thought he sounded absolutely happy about a few leaves. My coffee refilled I head a lawn tractor rattling down the alley. Mr. Harrling parked in the alley and waved at me as he walked toward the porch. As he approached I noticed he was limping. Then I remembered he was retired from the military. 

He was short thick and carried himself straight and looked to be in excellent health. I had no ideas how old a man he was but he had gray hair at the temples. He was a handsome man that I had never thought of in this way before. But I thought how was I thinking of this man. I knew he was a widower and maybe that was my down fall. I was beginning to get the feeling that I needed a mate again. After six years I was feeling the urge to once more be full filled as a woman.

"Evening Mrs. Bennett." He said as he stepped up on the steps. He stopped and waited to be asked in.

I said "Evening Mr. Harrling. Would like a cup of coffee? Fresh brewed."

He opened the screen down and said "Don't mind if I do. Thank you. I enjoy a good cup of coffee but don't often fix a pot just for myself." 

I had forgotten I was only wearing a cotton robe and if fell apart up to my thighs as I stood. 

Gathering it about me I told him to sit and I'd get him a cup. He sat on the swing across from my wicker chair with a small table between us. 

"Lovely fall evening." He said as I handed him the cup.

"Yes; I suspect there will only be a few more before the first frost." I paused and then said "Will you have a garden next spring?" 

He said "I've got a hot house now so I'll have a bit of a garden all winter."

I had not been down the alley for a while and told him I had not noticed his hothouse. He invited me down to see it and I said I would like to see it. But I had never been into gardening but there I was telling this man I would like to see his hot house. Was I flirting with him? Was he flirting with me?

"Would you like another cup Mr. Harrling?" I asked as I stood again. My robe once again fell open to my thighs. I did not pull It closed this time. I was such a flirt. 

"Yes one more than I'll gather those leaves up before it gets too dark to see." He said. 

I said "There is a light on the corner of the garage I can turn on for you to see."

He did not answer me right away. I looked at him and he was looking at my legs. I had never done much physical work but yet I knew my legs were well shaped. I let him look. 

I liked it and it made me feel good to think someone was interested in me or at least my legs.

When I returned with his coffee he said "Mrs. Bennett. May I call you Susan? I'd like it if you called me Bill. We've been neighbors for over two years now and I have often thought of coming down to say Hi. I'd like to get to know my neighbors. I'm sorry we have not taken the time before I find you quite charming." 

I had bent over to hand him the coffee and my robe was gapping at the neck. Even in this dim light I knew he could see my breasts or some of them anyway. As I straightened up I felt my robe gap even father. I looked down at Bill and said "Thanks you. I'm happy you stopped by I enjoy the company of a gentleman. It been six years since my husband died and if find you interesting to talk to." 

Bill was smiling and he eyes were fixed on a spot some what below my waist. I said "Bill can I offer you anything to go along with your coffee. I have a sweet roll." 

He laughed and said "Susan you better watch what you offer me. I've been a widower for nine years my self." 

He smiled and said "I think maybe we should get to know one another better Susan."

I took a step closer and said "I think that is a fine idea. Why don't you come in and have dinner with me. I've fixed plenty. Do you like cheese sauce over Vegetables and beef stew on the side?" 

"I think I would like any kind of sauce you made up. I love home made food. I got a hunk of meat that needs to be used up. Maybe you'd like to have it." 

Our eyes were fixed on one another and I got the feeling we were no longer talking about food unless he was thinking of my eating a nice hunk of his meat. 

"What kind of meat is it?" I asked

Bill said "It a large hung of sausage I've had for awhile and it really does need to be used up."

I smiled and asked "How would like me to handle that Bill. I've got a few different ways if can be fixed?"

"Susan I think it maybe frozen hard. You'll have to thaw it out first. "I said "Bill; are we still talking about food?"

"Well I'd sure like to see you chew on this hunk of meat." He said as he placed his hand on his crotch. 

I looked at him and he looked at me. I blinked and lifted one foot and placed it on the seat of my chair. My robe gaped open so far I felt the cool evening breeze cool my wet pussy. I said "Bill do you see any thing you would like to dinner?"

Bill smiled and said "I think we can each have something to enjoy for dinner. I love to lick your sweet sauce and would love for you to taste my warm thick sweet and sour sauce."

"I would love to suck the juice right out of your sausage. " I said. "Shell we go in and see what we have for dinner?"

"Lean the way to the chow line Susan and let's get this show on the road." Bill pushed me gently in the small of my back as we started though the kitchen door. 

I walked to my bed turned and in one slow movement I lifted my arms shook and the robe fell around my feet. 

"Now that is about as nice a body as I've seen in a long time. Susan would turn around and let me gaze at all your fine charms?"

I turned slowly and when I had my back to him he said for me to stop and let him look at my rear. I guess Bill was an ass man. When I turned back around he was naked from the waist down. I smiled. 

A few minutes later he was over me with his head between my legs. His very manly cock was hanging down right about my mouth. 

I reached around his hips and with my finger tips I tilted his cock down to where I could get my mouth on it. Once his cock touched my lips Bill started to j bounce his hips slowly. He was fucking me in the mouth as he fucked me with this tongue and fingers. 

He pulled my pussy wide apart and darted his tongue into my pussy as deep as it would go then he licked me from ass hole to clitoris. My moans sent my approval and I sucked his cock deeper and he moaned this approval. 

I had never had my ass hole tickled before and I found his tongue on my ass hole very erotic. So I lifted my head and licked his ass hole in replay. 

This seemed erotic to me and I liked this feel of his tongue on my ass hole. However it I was at the wrong angle to do it for very long. So went back to sucking his cock. 

I did not notice his cock pulsating but all of a sudden there was a strong salty pungent fluid rolling across my tongue. I was not sure if he was cumming or not. It tasted like cum, I've sucked off a few cocks in my time and this was cum but he was not jerking and shooting it out like most that I had brought to a climax with my mouth. 

I was very nearly ready to climax myself and did not want him to stop what he was doing this closed to my climax. So I sucked and swallowed his fluid as I reached my own joyful screaming climax. 

Bill lifted his head and inserted two fingers into my pussy and wiggled them as fast as he could. I screamed and climaxed for the second time without a pause from the first one. 

Bill moved around and quickly pushed my legs apart and rammed his cock into me. I felt his weight one me and his cock rubbing the walls of my very sanative pussy. 

I felt his cock swell and get stiffer. Then I felt him jerk and the warmth of his semen sent waves of exploding pleasure throughout my body. He was coming now and I felt ever jerk and pulse as she filled my pussy with his cum. 

If this was his come what was that stuff I had swallowed. The Sensation of pleasure was so great I could hardly stand it. But I made it though this fury of lust as Bill rolled off me to flop at my side.

We were both breathing deeply and trying to catch our breath as best we could. 

Bill said "I guess it's alright now if I call you Susan."

I laughed and said "Yes. Bill I think we have established a some what close relationship." 

He laughed. 

Bill said "Susan you really got me going there. I have not come like that in years. If I may say so you're one hell of a cock sucker. I only do that pre-cum thing when I'm really turned on."

I said "I wondered what that was. I had never had any thing like that happen before." 

"It's like of like a man's version of the Nectar of the gods. 

I only enjoyed that a few time in my life. When I was very young I read about the Nectar of the Gods and thought it was something that was made up. But then I happened to be with a lady and she responded to oral sex much the way you have and she rewarded mw with my first taste of the sweetest of all natures' honeys." Bill smiled as he lift him self up on one elbow. 

He smiled bent over and kissed me. It was a warm tender kiss and I liked it. 

I said "I guess you'll want that dinner now. One must keep up his strength." 

Bill smiled and said "If one is going to do this very often." 

We both laughed.

Bill kissed me again at the back door.

I listened as his little lawn tractor rumbled up the alley toward his house. I thought "Bill I think I was ready for you tonight."

Maybe my day dreams of sex with Norman earlier might have had a little to do with this. Could it have been some kind of physic premonition of what was to come? I thought of Norman and wondered how tomorrow would be when I saw Norman. Would I have another day dream of him and his beauty full long black cock? Now that I have broken this long dry spell without sex was I opening a door for more?

I had rolled out of bed early but not early enough as Norman was waiting on the back porch when I looked out. I was still in my robe and naked underneath. 

I opened the door and invited Norman in. I told him Mr. Harrling was coming by to pick up the leaves to use as compose in his garden. 

Norman asked how I was feeling and I told him I was fine. 

"I was scared at first when I saw you lying here on the floor. When I bent down you were mumbling some very strange things. It got me pretty up set. You're a very pretty lady and what you were saying ... well it sure got me excited. I did not know if you were drink or sick of if you were, or if what you were saying was what you wanted to do. 
