 If you have read part 1 and 2, you know that I am a happily married man in my 50's. Great wife, great sex when we have it, and have always had fantasies about sucking another man's cock, a dream that came true. Funny thing is that my wife and I have always had a pact of sorts. If one of us has sex outside of our marriage, we are committed to tell the other all of the details. That agreement had never been acted on until recently. I didn't think about the pact when I had Joe's cock in my mouth with his cum pumping in to me and dripping all over but the next day I did think about our pact.

When I told her about our little get together, she was shocked at first of course but as I got further into the details she was really getting turned on and by the time I was telling her about Jim cumming in my mouth she had my shorts off and was on her knees in front of the couch sucking my cock until I unloaded deep in to her. She sucked me off that night like she never has before. Taking it all and even swallowing my huge load of cum. It was clear to me that she liked what she heard and after talking more she said that next time she wanted to be a part of it. I told her I would check with Joe but I doubted he would have an issue since he loved fucking women as well.

I contacted Joe about when he might be in my part of the state again and told him about the plans and he promised to get down here later that month. Well sure enough 2 weeks later he came for a visit and we all met at the local bar for drinks. Lorie didn't go too over the top sexy but just a nice sundress and some casual sandals and a dash of my favorite perfume White Diamonds and she looked amazing as always! Lorie needed an extra drink to get over her nerves but after some chit chat about jobs and everyday stuff the conversation heated up a little. Joe was telling us about his wife and he mentioned her fantasies, one of which was other women and Lorie's eyes opened up and under the table she moved her hand over to my shorts covering my hardening dick so I knew we were on the right path!

About an hour later, we all decided to head home as it was getting dark and a little late and we were all to horny to let this night get away. Lorie was so into him and relieved that he was attractive and just a normal guy that she relaxed and was really enjoying this. She offered him the use of the guest bedroom and shower and to get comfortable for the evening and he accepted. While Joe was in the shower, we went into our bedroom while she changed to her robe over a slinky short nightie and no panties. But she didn't go back out until pushing me on the bed and thanking me for this by devoured my cock like I did not know was possible... stopping me just short of coming as she knew when I was about to blow. She jumped up, went in to fix drinks for everyone. 

Not wanting to lose her courage, when Joe came out of the room and walked in to the living room she went over handed him his drink and ran her hands along his chest over his t-shirt and continued on down to his silk pajama pants and felt his hard cock and softly said gave a little moan of happiness. Before he sat down and as he took his first drink she kneeled down on her knees and was mouthing his dick through the soft material. That didn't last long. By the time I picked up my drink and sat down on the couch she had his nice dick out and it was sliding into her mouth. Joe looked at me and gave me a nice smile then closed his eyes and enjoyed.

He sat down on the couch on the end, while she kneeled on it with her ass in the air so I sneaked in behind her to lick her pussy and could not believe how wet her nice pussy was. It was truly dripping down her leg at this point. She tasted so good and moaned loudly as she pumped her face on to his hard cock in to her mouth. Lorie pulled out for a second and I heard her ask me to fuck her now. Well of course I did not have to be told twice and with one knee on the couch and the other leg standing I guided my cock into her steaming hot pussy and wow did it feel good. Tight and moist, and I could feel her contract and tighten her grip on my dick with every bob of her head. She almost instantly began to cum. Her hips were quivering as was her muted voice as I looked at Joe and he smiled and looked to the sky with pleasure. After shaking and eventually calming her down she said that it was time for us to put on a show for her.

With that she slid to a sitting position on the couch next to Joe and told me to stand in front of him. As soon as I was positioned there, she bent over and kissed Joe hard and wet while pulling his face towards my cock. She wanted to see what she had heard about so Joe began to suck my cock with passion and intent. Lorie said she wanted me to cum all over his face so she could lick it off... well it did not take long. After a few moments of extreme pleasure I finally could not hold back and began to pump my hot cum around Joe's mouth and chin. One shot dripped off his chin and Lorie caught it and tasted my cum. Then she took my cock in her mouth to clean it up and then quickly moving to my load still warm on Joe's face. Slowly she licked a bit and swallowed. Repeating this many times while moaning and saying how much she was enjoying this. Then she said it was her turn to get the cum on her face.

With that I kneeled on the floor and Joe stood up and I took his semi hard dick in to my mouth. After a few wet stroked in to my throat he was hard as a rock. It was very impressive. I grabbed his ass while Lorie watched closely as she was playing with her clit and nipple. The look on her face was lovely and she was having a great time watching me suck him off. He was so hard I could not take it all without gagging, but he was enjoying it. I pulled him in to pump and fuck my face and in not too long, he was ready to cum. He said he was getting real close so just before unloading he pulled out of my mouth with a pop and jacked his hard dick until he began to shoot hard big spurts on to her face and in to her open mouth. She was able to catch most of it and swallowed quickly and while she was cleaning up her cheeks and lips I took his still hard dick in to my mouth and gently sucked him and licked what cum was left on him. Wow what a great time we all had.

There was another round of drinks and sexy small talk before we all went to shower and head to bed. Joe said thank you to us and went into the guest bedroom... Lorie and I were not through, so before we showered she sucked me off again and what cum I had left never left her mouth as she took every drop. After Joe left, Lorie told me how much fun she had and was so fascinated by how different our cum tasted and how different our cocks felt in her mouth. We immediately began making plans for the next time. Perhaps Joe could bring his wife? What do ya say Joe?