 Chapter 1. Room Service

After an exhausting day of negotiations, Carmen was back at her hotel room. She had worked so hard to win a good price for the shareholders. As she put the key in the door, she recalled how she had gone round after round with the buyers. She thinks to herself, 'Miss Carmen, you are proving to be a formidable Intellectual Property attorney'.

She dropped her key, briefcase and purse on the bed, picked up the phone and dialed 2222 for room service.

"Yes, this is Carmen in room 3905, I would like to order dinner. I would like the petite filet mignon, medium rare with sautéed onions and mushrooms, fresh steamed green beans, baked potato with sour cream, a bottle of Perrier and a half bottle of Bordeaux...A half hour?...That's fine. Thank you."

Carmen started the shower. She walked to the door unbuttoning her silk blouse as she went. She opened the door and pushed out the security lock to hold it ajar. She had spent months at the hotel and felt quite safe on the 39th floor and besides, the last thing she needed today was to have to jump out of a steamy, relaxing shower to let in room service.

When she got to the closet, she hung her skirt, blouse and jacket then dropped her bra, panties and stockings on the closet floor. Now free of her business attire, she clicked the TV to a music channel playing smooth Jazz and turned up the volume.

She grabbed the bottles of body wash and shampoo from the vanity in the bathroom and slipped into the steamy shower. She stood under the spray and let the hot water wet her. She put her hands on the wall and just leaned there enjoying the relaxing heat. As she lathered her hair she recalled how she had painstakingly calculated the maximum value for each item in the comprehensive catalog of patents being sold to fund the firm's change of direction.

She poured body wash into the wet wash cloth and slowly washed herself from her face and neck down her chest and around her breasts, stimulating her nipples as she moved the cloth lightly around her firm globes. She washed up under her left arm to her wrist and and switched the cloth to her left hand to clean down her right arm. After she quickly washed her midsection and her ass, she washed down one leg and back up the other then paused in her pubic area.

By now the cloth had lost its soap, but it still felt great as it brushed across the tip of her clit. She paused and rubbed her clit until it engorged and got hard. She dropped the cloth and pressed her clit with her right thumb as she inserted the first two fingers of her right hand into her pussy. She squeezed her fingers up as she rolled her thumb back and forth. The pressure was intense and she was far closer to an orgasm than she thought she'd be.

She squeezed again then withdrew her fingers before she could release. She brought her hand up to her face and inhaled the salty scent. "Mmmm," she thought, "I wish..." then she noticed the shower going cold. Having a cold shower is not how she wanted to cum, so she shut the water and opened the curtain.

She slipped into the hotel's robe and wrapped her hair up in a towel. Her iPhone was sitting on the vanity with the earbuds. She slipped the earbuds in, turned on a quick mix from her playlist and slid the phone into the robe pocket. She was now in her own little world. She grabbed the body lotion, flicked off the bathroom light and headed for the bed.

I knocked on the door and said, "Miss Carmen? Miss Carmen, room service. Miss Carmen, may I bring in your dinner?"

No one answered. Sometimes guests leave the door propped when they want us to just bring in the cart. Since the door was ajar, I did just that. As I rolled the tray into the room, I noticed there was no light but the glow from the TV. Across from the TV on the bed, I could see Carmen. She was leaned back against a stack of pillows. Her robe was open and her damp hair caressed her shoulders.

________________

She was rolling her hips slightly in time to something other than the jazz music playing on the TV. Her movements seemed more like something Latin, maybe a Salsa. I noticed the white wire from her earbuds extending down between her tan breasts to a player beside her in the bed. She squeezed a generous amount of coconut-mango scented body lotion from the complementary bottle we supply in every guest room into her hand. She closed her eyes again and smiled as she began to apply it at her neck, down her chest and around her breasts.

Seeing she wasn't interested in anything else going on in the room, I took the tray off the cart and carried it to the desk, which was at the opposite side of the room near the window. I crossed the length of the room, paying attention to avoid the duvet she had kicked off the foot of the bed. After setting the tray, I closed the curtains. Not that there was anyone spying. On the 39th floor we were far above any of the neighboring buildings. We always closed the curtains as part of our turn-down service, each night.

I opened the wine to let it breathe and placed the silver and linens for her. I left the warming cover on the plate so it wouldn't get too cold before she was ready for it. I pulled out the chair and was about to leave when her right hand slid down her belly and she lightly moaned. I think I must have gasped a little at seeing that because she opened her eye just a bit and smiled.

I turned the chair to face the bed and she nodded as I sat down. She continued moving her hands about her breasts, belly, and pubic area. She moved them slowly, randomly yet effortlessly. She changed her touch from the flat of her hands to her fingers, to fingernails to backs of fingers as she sought a variety of sensations.

After a few minutes, she seemed to focus more on her vagina and throbbing pink bulb that emerged above it. She pushed down with her fingers. Her index and ring fingers took the sides and her middle finger flicked the tip of her clit as she squeezed with the other fingers. She maintained the pressure and she pulled her hand up and slid it down again.

I sat there mesmerized. The more she played the more pressure I felt in my trousers as my cock expanded and pressed against the fabric. I've never been closer and further away from such a tempting sexual situation. I could lose my job for touching her unbidden. She continued sliding her right hand up and down stimulating her vulva as she teased her nipples with her left hand. I found my hands moving toward my sex as well. there was a small damp spot where a drop of pre-cum had emerged. This isn't going to be easy.

Carmen increased the pressure on her clit and moved her left hand down so she could insert two fingers between her wet lips. "Mmmm," as she moaned I squeezed my cock, which was starting to throb. She pushed her fingers in deep and pressed upward as she rubbed her clit harder and faster.

In just a few moments she seemed to tense every muscle in her body. She squeezed her legs together and finally relaxed her right hand and withdrew her left.

I sat there watching as her breathing slowly returned to normal. Her eyes were still closed and she was still listening to the music from her iPhone when I reached back to the tray for her check. I wrote a few lines and placed it back on the tray, propped against the open wine bottle.

I stood and readjusted my trousers, reset the chair and found my room service cart. As I quickly and quietly left the room, I pushed back the door prop so the door would shut securely. I don't know how long it would be before she would be up or if she might not just fall asleep.

The orgasm was so intense that Carmen lay reflecting and relaxing through two more songs before she remembered how hungry she was. She became aware of the smells of her dinner—the seared meat and mushrooms, the faint fragrance of the red wine.

________________

She sat up, gathered the robe closed, turned off the iPhone and popped out the earbuds. She arched her back and stretched as she threw her legs off the side of the bed on the side nearest the window. She didn't want to waste any steps before tasting her dinner. She lifted the wine glass and took a sip as she sat in the chair.

She lifted the cover off the plate of food and savored the aroma, then took her fork and tasted one of the mushrooms. It was tender and sweet and now she realized she really craved the juicy red meat laying on a bed of wild rice. She picked up the knife and carved off a small slice. She considered the rosy pinkness and delicately slipped it between her teeth, "Mmmm, delicious as always. I must send an extra tip when I check out tomorrow."

She quickly devoured the meal, sipping the Perrier between bites and finally finishing the first glass of wine. As she lifted the bottle to refill her glass, she noticed the check fall off the tray.

She was about to file it with her other receipts when she noticed the writing, "Dinner is on the house, Miss Carmen. Thanks for the show, Eduardo."

Replacing the note, she poured the wine. She let her robe slide off her shoulders and climbed back into bed. She found an old black and white movie on the TV and lay back and began massaging in the body lotion. As she was touching her breasts and body she tried to remember how the room service boy looked. She fell asleep to the warm feeling from the wine and the memories of the evening call her to a place of pleasant dreams.

________________

Chapter 2: Eduardo's Tip

The sunlight from a crack between the heavy, room-darkening curtains crept across the pillow and began its rapid ascent up Carmen's face. As it climbed her cheek, her eye twitched. She groaned then squinted. "Morning already?" She asked stretching and looking for the clock. Nine thirteen.

"Nine thirteen, shit!" She has not begun to pack for her flight home; the breakfast closes at ten and she is a sweaty mess. The TV is still on. She had fallen asleep to some old movie. They must be replaying it because she remembered this spot in the story.

Her iPhone fell out of the pocket when she threw off the robe. "Shit! Is the whole day going to go like this?" She wondered out loud. Then silently her thought continued, "probably not: once I fully wake up." She put the iPhone on the desk by the tray with the dishes from her late dinner. She smelled the gelled meat juice and her mouth watered. Then she saw the note signed Eduardo and something else started to water.

She quickly grabbed her traveling clothes and ran to the bath. She took a short, lukewarm shower just to rinse off. She toweled off then slipped on her maroon Kashmir pullover, dark silk stockings, and camel colored wool skirt and matching jacket. She grabbed her room key and ran for the elevators.

It was 9:22. I had set her usual table with today's papers, a plate of fruit—strawberries, pineapple, grapefruit sections and melon, a cup of Greek yogurt, a glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice and a cup with a carafe of hot coffee. She breezed in, quickly scanned the room then went to the table.

She removed her jacket, folded it and laid it on the empty chair. As she was about to sit, I said, "Please, allow me." She met my eyes, smiled, and nodded as I helped her scoot the heavy chair across the thick carpet. I placed the napkin in her lap.

Smiling she said, "Thank you. Eduardo, is it?"

"Si, yes. I am Eduardo. At your service." I poured her coffee and said, "They have taken the hot foods except there may be some oatmeal." I had never seen her eat any hot foods for breakfast. I was really just looking for an excuse to keep talking with her.

"Thank you, this will be fine. I just hope you won't run out of coffee. I had a late night and I need to jumpstart my brain for my trip home."

"Of course. I will start a fresh pot just for you, Miss Carmen." I frowned a little as I said, "Oh, you are leaving today?"

She smiled slightly and nodded slowly.

"And you return next week?" Her smile disappeared. "In two weeks then? No? When will you return?"

"I don't really know at this point. It depends on whether my client retains our firm through the due diligence phase," she said as she took her fork and began picking at her fruit plate.

I walked back into the kitchenette and started the coffee. I thought about how much I enjoyed seeing Carmen each morning these past 3 months. Then how, thanks to Roberto calling in sick, I got the extra room service shift last night and saw so much more.

She had never called me by name before. She knew it was me in her room last night. Was she sending me a signal or just being polite?

I went back into the dining room and emptied the last of the first carafe into her cup. She was reading the Financial Times and nibbling at her breakfast. She glanced up and smiled then returned to reading.

At 9:50, I knew we would have no more guests this morning, so I took down the serving dishes and carried them back for washing. I folded the linens looking up ocassionally to check on Carmen. I saw her put her coffee cup back in the saucer, look at me, then look at the kitchen. I nodded. On my way to the kitchen, I grabbed a tub of dishes. I backed through the door and set the tub on the counter.

Just as my hand was about to grip the handle of the coffee pot, I saw a hand in my peripheral vision moving the same direction. Then I felt a light pressure on either side of my spine in the middle of my back and pressure on my buttocks: her hips, I presume.

Carmen had followed me with her coffee cup, which she was setting on the counter with her left hand. She made no attempt to avoid contact as she did so.

She grabbed my hand and pulled it away from the coffee pot, stepped back slightly and spun me so I was facing her. She was looking up at me with hungry eyes. Her nipples were poking at the tight fabric of her pullover and her left hand was now exploring the tightening fabric or my pants. "Do you like me, Eduardo?"

"Of course, you are a very nice guest. You always smile when you come and go and leave a nice tip."

"Do you think that is what I am talking about? Pleasantries? I saw you last night. Yes, you did all the things a good room service does, except you stayed." She slid her hand in my waistband and found my hard cock. "What is this, Eduardo? What is going on here?" She said as she gave a playful smile and firm squeeze. "Don't move."

She pulled out her hand and stepped away. I thought maybe she was going to tell management and have me fired. But she didn't leave the kitchen. First she locked the door to the hallway then she locked the door between the kitchen and dining room. She opened the faucets, turned on the exhaust fan, and started the dishwasher.

She crossed her arms and grabbed the bottom of her pullover. In one motion it was off and her glorious breasts called my eyes. She had hoped for that reaction. "Now Senõr, show me how much you like me," she said as she pulled my pants to the floor. "Nice! You know, you could have had me last night, why didn't you?"

She was holding my balls, one in each hand, squeezing them firmly. I was in such a delicate position, what could I say. Her eyes stayed locked on mine. She was insistent, but not in a hurry for an answer. She kissed the tip of my cock then licked the frenulum and around the corona. He responded with a little twitch that seemed to make her happy.

"Eduardo, please, I know you are a little shy. Please tell me why you didn't take me last night." She took both balls in her left hand, put her right hand around my shaft, and drew my cock into her mouth as much as she could take. She began rhythmically bobbing and massaging. Slowly at first then quite fast. And she abruptly stopped.

She took her hands off my genitals, sat up and pushed up my tunic and started kissing my belly. She moved her hands lightly up and down my legs, around my buttocks, and all over my torso. She was talking quietly, reflectively, to my belly, "I had the most incredible orgasm with you there watching me last night, anticipating your touch. But your touch never came. Why, Eduardo?" She made eye contact and said, "Or should I say, 'Why not?' Don't you like me?"

"I like you, Miss Carmen."

"Really? You aren't just saying this because I have you trapped here?" She said with a playful smile.

"Really, yes. I promise"

"Good. I'm glad. Would you like to touch me, Eduardo?" she said as she arose, took my right hand and pulled it to her beast. "Touch me. It's okay, I want you to." I cupped it lightly, still nervous about what to expect.

With her right hand, she began stroking me. She held my cock with her fingers on the bottom and her thumb on top. She moved slowly, grasping lightly near my belly and loosening until she made almost no contact as she reached the tip and released. After each stroke she would start anew with her thumb at my pubic hair and her index finger touching my scrotum. She repeated this ten, maybe fifteen times then stopped when she noticed a drop of sticky precum emerge at the red tip of my penis.

She held my hand firm to her beast and looked in my eyes. I squeezed slowly and she tilted her head back and closed her eyes. As I increased the pressure and pinched her nipple with my thumb and forefinger, she bit her lower lip and lightly moaned.

"Yes, Eduardo! Your hands are so strong. Do you want me?" she said as she again looked into my eyes and resumed the slow stroking. I silently nodded, my voice was caught in my throat.

She increased her speed and the pressure as she pulled another fifteen strokes and stopped. The drop of precum was growing and about to drip to the floor, but Carmen saw it and caught it with her finger. She brought her finger to her lips, parted them and let her tongue touch the sticky droplet. "I like the taste of you, Eduardo. Would you like to taste me?" Still without my voice; again, I nodded.

She grinned broadly as she took my hand from her breast and guided it under her skirt. I felt the heat increasing as my hand neared her pussy. I remember seeing her caressing it just 12 hours prior. I split my fingers as she had. My index and third fingers on the outside while my middle finger found the hot, wet center. "Mmmm, that's perfect she said," again leaning back and closing her eyes to savor the moment.

She moved my hand for me tantalizing slowly. I could feel her dripping wetness and the hard hot nub of her clit. She rocked her pelvis and maintained the pressure keeping my hand just where she wanted it. After a few minutes, she reached behind me with her free hand and hugged me as she squeezed her thighs and let out a guttural moan.

She withdrew my hand and raised it up between us. I could smell that sensual aroma on my fingers. Our eyes met and I nodded again as I began to pull our hands toward my mouth. Carmen smiled and nodded expectantly. I brought my wet fingers to my mouth and licked them. I kept my eyes on her as I deliberately licked them clean and pronounced, "I like the taste of you, Carmen." She wrapped both arms around my waist and hugged me tightly.

"I have now had two amazing orgasms with you near. May I have the pleasure of giving you one, Eduardo?" She was sinking to her knees and didn't seem to expect me to say 'no'. "Be a dear and hold my hair back for me, please," she said just before sucking my balls into her mouth.

She began by pressing them with her tongue and rolling them from side to side. I moaned. Then she took my cock in her hand. This time, her thumb was toward the tip and on the bottom with her fingers curled over the top. She squeezed my cock and pressed the frenulum with her thumb as she sucked hard on my scrotum and pulled down and away. The pressure was incredible but there was no escape.

She continued pulling her mouth away and allowed my balls to fall free. She kept her firm grip on my penis as she leaned back and watched my scrotum find a more relaxed bed for my testicles. After they had floated back, she took her free hand and pressed up to tease them into movement. When they cooperated, she cupped them then massaged them. Slowly and lightly then more quickly and vigorously.
