 Our Sunday ride was much more meaningful. Horseback riding together as husband and wife added to our enjoyment. We stopped in the woods, alongside the stream. David tied the horses to some trees near the bank. He took a blanket from his saddle pack and spread it out on the ground. Both of us wanted to make love but there were too many people out riding to afford us any privacy. The seclusion and quietness was the perfect setting for intimate conversation.

“How does it feel to be Mrs. Thompson?” David whispered in my ear.

“Wonderful!” I responded, smiling. “I couldn’t be happier.”

David held me close in his arms, giving me a gentle squeeze.

“Wouldn’t you just love to have a place like this?” I muttered.

“Yeah, it’s always been a dream of mine.” David responded. “Maybe someday we’ll have a place of our own.”

“You’ve always wanted a horse farm?” I asked. “I didn’t know that.”

“Well, it’s just a dream.” He said. “Doesn’t hurt to dream a little.”

The two of us spent most of the afternoon sitting on the blanket, talking about our future. How long I’d stay in the adult movie business was undeterminable. I knew it was on David’s mind but he never asked. For now, I had his full support and cooperation. I couldn’t ask for anything more. David wanted me to be involved in his electrical company but finding the time would be difficult. I had too many irons in the fire and too many obligations that had to be kept.

I made a blind promise to David that I’d seriously consider getting out of the adult movie business once I’d fulfilled my agreement with James Harris and Colin Douglas. In reality, I knew I’d never quit the business if the money was too good to walk away from. 

Over the next six months, Venture Productions produced thirty full-length movies. We shot numerous outdoor and remote locations using the mobile studio trailer. We’d added several new female and male performers to keep pace with demands from CalWest Distributing. Matt offered me a considerable bonus to let them be our exclusive distributor. The money was too good to turn down so I signed on with them. I still retained all the copyrights. I wasn’t about to let them get away from me.

J.R.’s was still doing great. My investments in the new sound equipment and lighting had paid off. Within another year or two, I hoped to have Jack and Barbara paid off. I spent as much time at the club as necessary. Marcus and Fawn had things well under control. They didn’t need my supervision nearly as much as they had. 

David’s contracting business had almost doubled. He was spending more time at work or out of town on jobsites. We spent more time talking on the phone than in person. Our marriage was still strong but our intimate time together had dwindled. Enjoying sex together was practically non-existent. 

We still had our Sundays together with the horses. I think that’s what kept us together through our busy work schedules. Maybe it was the only thing that kept us together. Neither of us was willing to break that routine.

Frank and I still had our frequent “fishing” trips. Usually Friday mornings, right after the meeting, the two of us would head to the marina. 

Frank and Jackie were happy with their marriage. Jackie seemed to be smiling every time I saw her. 

I felt Frank was trying to distance himself from the movie business. He’d lost his enthusiasm and interests in Venture Productions. I decided to confront him about it during our “fishing” trip. We were sitting out on the boat at our favorite lagoon on the lake.

“How’s things between you and Jackie?” I cautiously asked. “Still happy to be married?”

“Oh yeah. Our marriage is great!” Frank exclaimed. “We couldn’t be happier!”

I handed Frank a tube of sunscreen so he could rub some on my back and legs while I lay out in the sun.

“I get the feeling you’ve lost interest in our video production company.” I said. “Is there anything wrong?”

“It’s just all the sex.” He responded. “Shooting two scenes four times a week is getting to me. I just wish it would all come to a quick end!”

“If you don’t want to work with us, you don’t have to.” I stated. “I don’t want you to feel obligated.”

“I’m only obligated to Jackie and you.” He snapped. “I could care less about the fucking movie business.”

“How’s Dave feel about you still so involved in the business?” He inquired. “Does he ever say?”

“We hardly get anytime to talk, except for Sundays.” I replied. “Even then, we avoid discussing business.”

“David knows I’ve got obligations to meet.” I added.

“Maybe you should consider your obligations to Dave.” Frank stated. “Get out of everything, including the strip club.”

“And do what?” I asked. “Sit around and do nothing all day.”

“No! Spend more time with him for one thing.” He responded. “Don’t let distance between the two of you, destroy your marriage.”

Frank gave me a hard slap on the butt. It stung for a few seconds.

“Hey! What the hell was that for?” I shouted.

“For not paying attention! For not listening to my advice!” Frank exclaimed. “I’m the closest thing you’ve got to a father. You better head my warnings!”

I didn’t argue any further with him. I knew it would be useless. Frank was as bullheaded as I was. No sense in butting heads. We spent the rest of the day fishing, trying to avoid any unnecessary conversation.

I didn’t head Frank’s warnings. During the next six months, I spent more time than ever churning out adult videos. Shooting sessions started mid-morning and often lasted till early evening. After the sessions, I often spent much of the evening at the club.

I managed to fulfill my agreement Harris and Douglas in just over ten months. They’d doubled their money like I promised. I was as relieved as I was happy. The three of us met several times discussing another business proposition but we were having trouble coming to terms. We were all just being greedy!

David’s business had expanded and work was steadily increasing. He was spending more time than ever at work. We rarely had the opportunity to spend more than a couple of hours with each other during the evenings. 

We managed to keep our Sunday routine, riding the horses. Sundays were our day to be together with no outside interruptions. It was “our day” as we always referred to it.

It was on a late Sunday evening that David really surprised me. We’d just stepped out of the bathroom after showering together. I slipped on a little white teddy, one that David liked to see me wearing. David put on a pair of black briefs, looking sexy as ever!

We stretched out on the bed snuggling close together. We began kissing softly, yet passionately. David’s left hand was gently massaging my breast, teasing the nipple. My right hand was lightly brushing up and down his arm.

“Brian and I are flying out to Denver tomorrow evening.” David suddenly stated.

He was grinning so I took it as a joke.

“We’re driving down to Canon City to look at some property.” He added. 

“Are you serious?” I asked. “What kind of property?”

“Ranch property, great for horses.” David responded. “Brian and I found it on the internet, one of those real estate websites.”

David went on to tell me about what he’d read about the land. He seemed to get more and more excited as he talked. It was 160 acres of gently rolling pasture in the Rocky Mountains. Just land and trees, no house. Canon City was a small town on the Arkansas River with a population of only 25000, minute compared to Indianapolis. Pueblo, Colorado’s state capital was just 45 miles to the east. Royal Gorge, a popular tourist attraction, was just a few miles west of Canon City.

“You really are serious about buying the property, aren’t you?” I asked, concerned. 

“Yeah. I’d like to buy it for us.” He muttered. “A place where we can get away to.”

“I can use my contracting business for collateral on a loan.” He added. “I can borrow enough to buy the land and build a house and barns.”

“Why borrow from some bank when we’ve got plenty of ready cash available?” I questioned. “I don’t think it’s a good idea to borrow against the equity of your business.

David and I discussed the pros and cons of borrowing the money. Buying the land was his idea and his dream so I felt it best to let him do things his way. I didn’t want our discussion to escalate into an argument.

We went back to our lovemaking. David fondled my breasts, sucking hard on my nipples till I was begging him to fuck me. My pussy was wet, my juices really flowing. David took his time, making me wait. His lips manipulated my pussy till I had an incredible orgasm. He knew just where my pussy was the most sensitive, tenderly sucking on my clit. My body continued to quiver even as his beautiful cock made its penetration deep inside me. 

David slowly pistoned his cock in and out of my pussy. Long deep strokes, slowly at first, then harder and faster. I had two wonderful orgasms, one right after the other. David’s cock exploded inside my wanton pussy, flooding me with his hot cum. We humped so hard against each other, my butt was up off the bed, trying to milk his hard cock dry. We collapsed into each other’s arms, holding each other till we drifted off to sleep.

Monday morning I was right back to work as usual, making more adult videos. It was a little hard to concentrate with so many things on my mind. David’s interest in the ranch property in Colorado was among them. Debating whether to get involved with another investment agreement with James Harris and Colin Douglas topped the list.

I was concerned about Frank and Jackie. Frank was growing more distant than ever from me. He usually left the studio or location right after we had our daily meeting. Jackie was always by my side but I could see her interests waning also. I wasn’t sure she would stay with me for another year. Monday, between shooting sessions, I had an opportunity to talk with her in the office.

“Harris and Douglas are wanting to renew their investment.” I stated. “They’re willing to give me a $200,000 bonus if I’ll guarantee them double their money back.”

“Don’t! Don’t do it!” Jackie exclaimed. “You’ll be on your own if you do.”

“What do you mean, on my own?” I asked, surprised.

“I’m quitting. Getting out.” She responded. “I’ve had enough. I’ve been in the adult movie business so long, I feel numb.”

“You get out too!” She added. “Quit now and walk away.”

Jackie’s statements had my mind made up for me. Without Jackie, I would never last. She was my biggest supporter, always there for me. Taking out my cell phone, I made the call to James Harris informing him, there would be no investment deal. He was greatly disappointed but he understood my situation. 

We had one more video to shoot the next morning to complete our last movie. It was a foursome scene with Ryan, Melissa, Paul and Courtney. We shot the video without any problems. Everything went smoothly right to the very end. When I said “stop” into the headset microphone it was like the end of a career. I stood there looking into the monitors till the cameras were shut off. The screens went blank. I took off the headset and set it down on the table.

“We need to gather the crew together and let them know the news.” Jackie stated. “You want to do it now or another time?”

“Let’s do it now and get it over with.” I responded. “Catch the guys and girls too.”

Jackie and I stood outside the office. Frank stood next to me with his arm around my shoulder. Everyone gathered around us. I didn’t have anything prepared, no statement ready to read. I started by explaining my situation. I didn’t mention anything about Jackie’s wanting to quit. I could see the look of disappointment slowly appearing on everyone’s face. I thanked everyone for their past work before handing out their pay envelopes. 

I asked George and Phil to stay after everyone else left. Frank and Jackie joined us for a meeting to discuss compiling as many “clip” videos as we could. We had an extensive movie library, with seventy-five full-length movies, over three-hundred individual scenes. We’d catalogued every movie and scene by type, actor and actress. The possibilities for clip videos seemed endless. George and Phil would start to work on them as soon as possible.    

“Why don’t we all go out for a late lunch?” Frank suggested. 

“Thanks but I think I’m going home for awhile.” I responded. “I didn’t sleep very good last night with David gone.”

“How about we go fishing tomorrow morning?” Frank asked, smiling. “Been awhile since we’ve been out.”

“Pick me up around 9:00.” I simply replied, forcing a smile. “I’ll pack us a nice lunch.”

We checked the studio before locking it down. Frank locked the gates behind me as I drove out. I casually drove home, not being in a rush. The house would be empty when I got there. I wished David were close enough to be with me. I anxiously awaited his call from Colorado, just to hear his voice.

Arriving home, I stretched out across the bed. The breeze coming through the French doors was much better than the air conditioning. I napped till almost 4:00 in the afternoon. I checked my cell phone to see if I’d missed David’s call but no calls had been received. I took a shower and got dressed to go down to the club. I didn’t want to sit at home alone.

Tuesday night was slow. Sarah was off this evening, just Fawn working behind the bar. Marcus and I sat up in the office, just chatting about anything that came to mind. I told him about closing down Venture Productions. 

“I’m glad you got out.” He stated. “I always hated you doing that. Bad enough you parading around in your underwear behind the bar.”

“I didn’t think you ever noticed me!” I kidded him.

“Oh I noticed you!” Marcus quipped, grinning. “Had my eye on you all the time!”

David phoned about 6:30. He and Brian had been out at the property all day and were just getting back in to their motel. His words were coming a mile-a-minute. His excitement most evident. I let him ramble on till I could get a word in edgewise.

“So did you buy it?” I asked.

“No. I really wish you were here to see it with me.” He responded. “I took a whole bunch of pictures with the digital. Can’t wait till you see them.”

“Is it worth the money they’re asking?” I inquired.

“Yes and more!” He exclaimed. “I hate to leave here but I can’t wait to get back to you.”

“Well, why don’t you buy it?” I replied. “I can transfer a deposit to the realtor if you want.”

David’s excitement about the ranch property had grown more since he’d actually seen and walked on it. I didn’t want to see him lose the opportunity to purchase the land if it was what he wanted. After a little coaxing I got him to agree to make the purchase. He gave me the phone number of the realtor so I could make arrangements to transfer enough funds to make a deposit. 

We got so caught up talking about the property I almost forgot to tell him about my quick decision to close Venture Productions. 

“You’re kidding! Right!” He responded.

“No, I’m through shooting anymore movies.” I replied. “George and Phil are going to work up as many clip videos as they can. That’s all.”

David’s voice sounded choked as we continued our brief conversation. He was more than just happy hearing the news. He made a valiant effort to try and hide his true emotions. I think he was relieved as much as he was happy. 

Wednesday morning I was waiting at the end of the dock for Frank to show up. I could hear the rumble of the boat’s engine coming down the lake. Frank idled up to the dock, holding onto it while I put everything onboard. I had on a black, wet-look bikini. It provided just enough coverage to keep me from getting arrested!

“Damn, you look hot this morning!” Frank exclaimed. “And I mean that purely as a compliment!”

Frank pushed the boat away from the dock as I backed it away slowly. Frank took his usual seat next to me. I headed farther down the lake, cruising along at about 30mph. I throttled the boat up to about 45 for a short period of time. The engines rumble vibrated back through my hands at the controls. I just gripped them tighter. We pulled up in one of Frank’s favorite fishing spots. I tossed over the anchor and tied it securely to one of the cleats.

Frank didn’t bother putting out any fishing lines. He just wanted to talk, like we used to. I stretched out on the front deck of the boat. Frank rubbed sunblock over my back and legs. I felt a hard, stinging slap across my butt.

“Hey! Now what the hell was that one for?” I shouted.

“For taking so damn long to listen to me!” He exclaimed in reply. “That’s the last time you get spanked.”

We talked about Jackie. I was concerned about her sudden remark to quit. Frank informed me Jackie had wanted to quit six months ago but she didn’t want to leave me hanging with the huge investment to pay back. When I told her about renewing the investment with Harris and Douglas, she felt it best to talk me out of it. I felt bad that I’d pushed her so far.

I told Frank about David buying the property in Colorado. He was thrilled at the news.

“So this means you’ll be moving soon.” He responded. “What about the nightclub?”

“I doubt we’ll be moving out there soon.” I replied. “I’ve still got the club to run and David’s got his contracting business.” 

“You ever been to Colorado?” Frank asked. “The Rocky Mountains are very majestic!”

“Nope, never been farther west than Kansas City.” I answered. 

“It’ll be awhile before I ever get to see it.” I added. 

Frank dropped me off at the house around 1:00pm. I phoned the realtor in Colorado to secure the deposit on the ranch. David just happened to be in the realtor’s office so I got to talk with him briefly. David’s excitement was still prevalent in his voice. He was ecstatic about making the purchase.

I spent most of the evening at the club chatting with the customers and some of the dancers. It was after midnight before I headed back to the house. I wasn’t sleepy so I decided to drop Amber a long email to fill her in on all the latest news. It was almost 3:00am before I finally slipped into bed.

David and Brian got back from Colorado late Thursday afternoon. After making a brief stop at his office, David headed for home, anxious to show me the pictures of the ranch. I was just preparing to leave for the club when he pulled in the driveway. After a few passionate kisses in the drive, I told David I’d be back later in the evening. He was going to download the digital camera chips onto the computer and get them ready for me to see when I returned.

We were very busy at the club Thursday night. It was after 10:00 before I could get away. I figured David would already be in bed by the time I got home but he wasn’t. He was still too wound up to sleep. We sat in front of the computer reviewing each of the pictures David had taken. Along with pictures of the land, he’d taken pictures of Canon City and the Rocky Mountains in the background. It was all quite beautiful. I could see why David had been so enthusiastic about purchasing the property. 

We looked over the pictures several times before heading for bed. David was a little restless so I thought I’d give him a little “seduction sedation”. I slid his briefs down his legs, tossing them on the floor next to the bed. David’s cock was ready for the attention it was about to get.

Lightly grasping his hard cock near the base, I licked the mushroom shaped head slowly, swirling my tongue around it. After lubricating the head of his cock with my saliva, I slipped my mouth slowly down over the shaft. Flicking my tongue back and forth along the sides of David’s cock, I felt it starting to throb. My tongue continued to tease him, making him tense up. I massaged his balls gently with my hand. Within minutes I could feel him about to cum. I pumped my mouth up and down on his cock, my lips gripping his rigid shaft. David’s butt lifted slightly off the bed as his cock spewed his thick load into my mouth. I barely had time to swallow before his second load erupted. I took a quick gasp for air. David’s cum dripped from my lips onto his legs. I licked him cleaned before curling up in his arms. Within minutes, he’d drifted off to a sound sleep.  
