 " I just don't want to have sex anymore."

"Whadda ya mean?"

"Your penis is too thick, my pussy's too dry since menopause and it hurts- and I'm not taking hormones!"

That was 16 years ago.

If we were going to stay together we had to adjust- especially since I'm horny almost all the time. Now we do other things. We have a lot of oral: I get a blow job several times a week, I eat out my wife's pussy as often as I can, she uses a toy whenever I prod her to remember to take it out of the drawer; and, there's always masturbation. Thinking back on it, it probably wouldn't have worked for 99.9% of the people; but for us, it wasn't so bad. Go figure.

So here we are in our 60s and after a couple of drinks one night we began to reflect on our sex life. My wife, Ellen was a bit tipsy— she's so uptight about it, it's the only time she'll really talk about sex in any playful way and, as usual, I'm always ready to talk about anything related to sex. As we were joking around I took a really good look at her.

Ellen and I met and married as teenagers. We've been together forever, never cheated, raised and educated a couple of kids, traveled the world and have, for the most part, lived a very comfortable and happy life. When I married her I believed that Ellen was the most beautiful girl I'd ever met. I still do and she still is!

My wife is 5'4", 115 pounds, still has that beautiful face with a turned up nose and almond shaped brown eyes, has extraordinarily silky smooth legs, thighs and skin, natural 34 Ds and a great bushy pussy that's kept immaculately trimmed. She works out 3 times a week and I suppose that's how she stays so thin and in such great shape. She looks fantastic and remains pretty damned sexy.

Returning to the moment, I asked " do you ever think that we're getting too old, especially when it comes to sex?" and she said, "yes, not much time left to have a new experience".

"Like what?"

"I dunno, we were so young when we started out, we may have missed out on some fun things."

I started to think about that and asked, "would you ever consider a one-nighter?" Her response was "I don't think so, I'm too old."

A week later the same scenario unfolded. We went out to dinner and each of us had a couple of drinks. When we got home my favorite topic of conversation came up again and I blurted out: "would you prefer a threesome or two couples?" Ellen thought about this and finally said " a threesome, but only if it was you and another guy- I could never see myself being touched or touching another woman". My cock immediately responded, as did my heart rate. I had to ask, "is this the drinks talking or do you really think you could do this?"

Ellen said that even though this was a stupid conversation and that a threesome would never happen she began to lay out some ground rules. If we did it, the other guy would have to know that unless he had a long, skinny dick he couldn't screw me, that there would be no anal; and, that if I said "no" to something that either of you wanted to do that my request would be honored. Humm, it seemed to me that she might have given this a little thought prior to our talk so I was beginning to think that this might be promising.

When we went to bed that night I licked and kissed her tits and pussy and she gave me a great blowjob. I could tell that she was turned on talking about a threesome as much as I! The next morning I decided to continue the dialogue and asked if we were to have this "experience" where would we find the guy? To my utter amazement, she said that she saw a man at the gym that would be a very promising choice if he were not married or bi. I was shocked!

After assimilating all of this I asked, "now what?" My timid, sexually conservative wife told me that she would approach this person next time she saw him. Once again, I was shocked by the response, the interest, the apparent urgency; and, her excitement.

Two days later, after working out, Ellen came home to tell me that she'd spoken with Dave and that he was interested in her proposal. He understood the rules, was aware that I would also be part of the fun; and, that it would only be a one-time thing. In just one week's time Ellen and I went from an almost asexual relationship to planning a threesome with a total stranger! Cross another thing off my sex bucket-list!!!

We set the date for the following Friday. Dave arrived at our home at about 6PM, Ellen was still getting dressed so we sat down and got to know one another. He was a very nice looking 42 year old divorced attorney, well built, tan, taller than I; and, had a great sense of humor. As we were chatting, I noticed that my wife made her entrance and was wearing an off the shoulder, very low cut white blouse that, for her, was quite revealing as her breasts were exposed from above the nipple, and, with 34Ds that's a lot of breast to show! She had to be wearing a push-up bra.

We each had a couple of drinks. Ellen was sitting next to Dave on the couch and was laughing a little too loudly- she was definitely not getting cold feet- when our guest casually leaned over, kissed my wife's lips, and began touching her tits. Let the games begin!

Ellen definitely kissed him back and while in his embrace waved to me to come over to the couch and sit on the other side of her. I knew what was coming next but it still felt strange, even for a self-proclaimed pervert like me, to watch another man kissing and feeling up my wife. Dave was getting into it and I too was excited. We all stood and the guys began to take off their clothes. Ellen watched as Dave and I removed everything and stood in front of her- she was flushed and couldn't get her eyes off Dave's body. He was modestly muscular with a nice chest and arms but Ellen (and I) were drawn to his penis and, as a non-bisexual, if I was interested she had to be awestruck. Dave's cock was at least 10 inches, was not circumcised and was as thin as a rail. I, on the other hand, am 7 inches, circumcised and very meaty.

It was now Ellen's turn to disrobe. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse showing us her new bra; she removed her shoes and then pushed her skirt to the floor revealing thigh high hose and a garter belt- with no panties. For a woman who has never been nude in front of another man, Ellen seemed right in her element. We adjourned to the bedroom.

Ellen was now in full control at this point. She got on the bed and had Dave and me on either side of her. She was sitting crossed-legged in the center of the bed and Dave and I were lying down. She began by kissing our lips and face one at a time and while doing this she was rubbing each of our penises. In no time Dave and I had maximum erections- Ellen couldn't get over this long, thin cock with the extra skin and she began to give him a blowjob while, simultaneously, giving me a hand job.

In a short while, Ellen removed her bra, garter and left her hose on. She really wanted to see if she could tolerate Dave's cock entering her pussy without any pain; so, she mounted him and began to methodically insert his cock inch by inch. To my surprise, and her delight, there was no pain. She began to slowly move her hips up and down and sideways while never letting her hand off of my cock. As her rocking continued I could tell that she was getting more and more aroused- hell, we all were!

Ellen was now really fucking Dave. As she leaned over him, each thrust had her breasts rubbing over Dave's chest making her nipples hard as rocks. While she was doing this, somehow she was still able to turn to me -- I was now standing on the bed next to her so that my cock was right in front of her- and she put my cock in her mouth. What a friggin' sight- it was unbelievable.

After a while, it seemed that we all understood at the same time that we needed to change positions. Ellen sat on the edge of the bed and spread her legs so that Dave could kneel on the floor and lick her pussy: she and Dave alternately took turns playing with her clitoris. I began to suck on her nipples and play with her tits. It didn't take long and Ellen had her first exploding orgasm. Her whole body was shaking, she was both moaning and screaming at the same time, her pussy was dripping from the combination of her juices and Dave's saliva. Ellen continued to have orgasm after orgasm as she fell back onto the bed with her legs still dangling over the edge. When she did this Dave shot his load. His cum went from her pussy to her breasts- she was covered with it. I wasn't far behind and I came all over her face and hair. She was literally immersed and dripping in cum.

We all took a few minutes to catch our breath but really didn't want to stop. Ellen's orgasms were continuing even while no one was touching her! So Dave and I went "back to work". We put Ellen on her stomach and began to touch her very sensitive ass. Dave was able to get into a position so that he could screw her from behind and I began to lightly stroke and kneed her ass cheeks and then I kissed and inserted a finger into her anus. She loved this and the shaking and squealing started all over again. Ellen had multiple orgasms (again) and not long after, Dave and I had our own orgasms.

The second round of lovemaking didn't last as long as the first but it was enough to satisfy all of us. We collectively went into the shower, continued the touching, kissing and caressing while soaping one another and then dried off. We went back into the main living area, sat around in various stages of undress, recapped the night's activities and all agreed that it was a truly memorable experience.

It's been nearly a month since that night with Dave. Ellen still bumps into him occasionally and they don't reference the encounter at all so that the secret evening remains secret. We however, talk about it almost non-stop and invariably it has lead to many great conversations and lovemaking. Although we've said that we should do it again I don't think it'll happen, as we know that just like the first time we fucked we'll always remember the first time we had a threesome. First times are always the best regardless of what "cums" later.