 A threesome with two women must be every red-blooded male's ultimate fantasy. For most, that fantasy never eventuates except for the lucky few. I was one of those few.

My experience occurred ten years ago when I was living in Perth, WA. At the time, I was married but had fooled around on occasion when opportunity arose. My wife worked nightshift at the nearby airport and this enabled me to go to the pub on my own after work and catch up with friends most nights. Of my solo visits to the pub, 99.9% of them resulted in no opportunities for extra-marital fun but then again, my approach was a passive one: I didn't actively seek opportunity but rather I waited an opening, assessed the risk and, if favourable, took my chance.

On the night in question, a fairly mild winter's evening, I was strolling home from the train station after work which takes five minutes. As I turned down my street, a small hatch-backed car pulled up, the driver side window wound down and I was greeted by two young women in high spirits. They asked me for the directions to the pub, to my local pub. I walked over to the car, the driver had a lovely smile and the passenger had a bottle of something in her hand that no doubt contributed to their moods. By the way they were dressed, it wasn't obvious that they were cruising for action, but it was the middle of the week and Perth girls generally don't glam up due to the Mediterranean climate.

I told the girls to head down the street, take a right and follow the road to the next junction, cross over, head straight and the pub was on the left opposite the train station (the next stop down the line from me). They thanked me in a giggly manner and I asked them if they were going to the pub for anything specific. Both exchanged knowing glances and the girl in the passenger seat replied, "We're just seeing what's about." 

Both girls burst into laughter. Curious as to where this might lead, I responded by telling them that there's plenty of choice if quality isn't a concern. They both laughed but I was being truthful, the quality wasn't high at my local for either sex, a 2am bin rake wasn't pleasant for anyone. That was when the driver said, "Well, it's shame you're married then isn't it?" 

I smiled and noticed that she looked me up and down, "That hasn't stopped me in the past." 

The driver looked at her passenger and giggled again and I saw the latter raise an eyebrow. Thinking I needed to seize the initiative, I stated boldly, "How about I hop in the back and you two join me for some fun?" 

They both exploded in laughter, but I detected nerves in both but also anticipation. They exchanged glances again before looking at me, the driver responded, "You couldn't handle us both!" 

Now, it was my turn to laugh and I looked away briefly while struggling for something to keep the momentum going, "On the contrary, could you two handle me?" 

I saw the driver's eyes widened and she blushed, but a decision had been made. Realising being married meant my place was out, the driver asked me if I knew of a place where we could go. I suggested the old bowling club, opposite the football oval, which had recently been demolished. There was a six feet perimeter stone wall that hid the site from road that allowed sufficient privacy for what was about to unfold. The girls agreed to this and invited me into the car.

I clambered onto the back seat where there was an assortment of girly paraphernalia strewn around randomly. We introduced ourselves and the passenger offered me a drink from her bottle. It was cheap white wine, probably $5 a time but if it was going to enliven the evening by emboldening all parties then who was I to complain? The two-minute drive to the old bowling club seemed agonisingly long and adrenaline was coursing through my veins with the first stirrings beginning in my pants. The only dialogue was from me giving directions. We chose a spot at the far end of the site where it was darkest and furthest from the road to avoid detection. When the ignition was off, the passenger leaned to the driver and whispered something before getting out of the car and walking away. I asked the driver where the passenger was going and was told she was going for a pee. My cock jumped instantly! Watching a girl pee is very erotic and I get turned on by the thought of piss play. However, I'd gotten this far diplomatically and didn't want to jeopardise the night by freaking these two out with my more extreme perversions. There was only silence from the driver and suspecting an ice breaker was needed, I lent forward, brushed her hair to the side and kissed her neck. Her breathing became heavier and she started moaning softly. She unclipped her seatbelt and opened her car door. 

Wanting her to join me in the back, "Shall we get this party started?"

She responded with an emphatic, "Fuck, yes!"

At this point, we were going to need to space in the back if we were going to be comfortable and so I began fumbling with the front seats to push them forward. Simultaneously, the passenger returned from her 'bush pee' (to use the local vernacular) opened the car door and grabbed the bottle of wine, "You joining us?", I asked. "Nah, you guys go ahead". Some more (humorous) pleading from me but the passenger resisted leaving me disappointed. The driver was now in the back and we locked lips, gently at first with our tongues flirting, her hand stroking my leg inching closer to my bulge. My left hand was on her waist and my right around her shoulders. The driver had some padding but wasn't fat. She had short, straight brown hair in a bob cut and pretty features. She wore a delicate fragrance and her skin was smooth, recently moisturised. As we kissed, I could feel her boobs pressing against my chest, they felt ample yet firm and I was looking forward to relaxing them from the confines of her clothes. These sensory perceptions were channelling the blood to my nether regions, forcing a hardness in my cock and a tightness in my balls unknown in a long time. The driver sensed it for she put her right hand on the bulge and grabbed firmly. We both let out moans of pleasure. Immediately, she broke our lip lock, straightened up and brought both hands to my crotch and began undoing my trousers. I helped her pull down my trousers while she freed my raging hard on. With my manhood in her left hand, she gave it two quick wanks before plunging her mouth down on it. Her mouth felt amazing and I was seeing stars. From the fog of pleasure, I could here music coming from outside, I looked up and saw the passenger leaning against the car door staring intently at her MP3 player and taking a swig of wine. I asked her again to join us. She turned around, looked in and gazed at the scene of her friend giving me the most delicious head for what seemed like an inordinately extended time, before turning away with a smile, "Nah, you guys go for it, I'm fine". 

Perhaps not a threesome after all. Still no loss as I placed my hand on the driver's head as she expertly fellated me. She had confidence for her age which I put at about ten years younger than me. Giving head was something that she evidently enjoyed judging by the way she lapped away at my shaft and balls before plunging her mouth all the way to the root, choking, spitting on my cock and rubbing in the saliva with her hand, moaning all the while. For me, her technique was making me hornier by the second, and impatient. While my dick was bathing in her saliva, my hands were all over her back trying to pull up her top and undo her bra. I was also trying to slide my hand down her jeans, hoping to get access to her fuck holes but no joy. So for the present, I saw back and enjoyed her work while lightly scratching her lower back. My moans of pleasure signalled my contentment.

After some time, she ceased her ministrations on my diamond cutter, sat up and began fanning herself with her hands, "Phew, it's warm in here!" indeed it was, so I opened up the car door to my left. As I turned back, she grabbed my shoulders towards her and we kissed, furiously this time, and I could taste my salty precum on her lips and tongue. With my hands I began to pull up her top, discarding it to the floor of the car. I had a few seconds to view her ample chest before our lips were locked in another passionate snog. My hands went around her back and began fumbling at the clasp of her bra. No joy there and the driver must have sensed it so she reached around and unhooked effortlessly. The bra fell to the floor and her large boobs were released. They were magnificent, they were round, they were firm to the touch. I cusped them both as we kissed and used my thumb to massager her nipples; I could feel them growing and the driver's increased moaning indicated the pleasure she was receiving. We broke the kiss and I sank my mouth her neck, gently nuzzling her skin, inhaling her intoxicating scent. My head was swimming and I wanted to suck on her amazing boobs. We kissed again and then I broke off, lifted her right boob to my mouth and began sucking and tonguing her nipple, raising it from the skin to stand as erect as my cock. Simultaneously, she reached underneath and stroked my shaft. Out mutual pleasure became more audible and it was a good thing we were far from civilisation. I switched to the other boob and with a free hand, I began rubbing her pussy through her jeans. The heat from her crotch was like a furnace and I imagined how wet she must be. I released her breast, kissed her again and began undoing her jeans. I worked them around her big arse and slid them down her thighs. I repeated this move with her undies and brought my right hand up to her pussy. What I found startled me momentarily, she was completely carpeted like in the pornos from the 70s and no attempt had been made at pruning. As I proved her lips, the matting was soaked and the heat radiating from her was intense. I parted her lips and slid in a finger into her sticky wetness, she shuddered and let out a pleasurable moan. The heat, the wetness, the aroma and the hair were an intoxicating combination and all I wanted was to plunge in with my mouth and tongue. I mentioned her to the car seat, she went willingly. I removed her shoes, jeans and undies, she demurred. I pulled her arse towards me and spread her legs, she awaited breathlessly. I plugged into the unknown.

Upon parting the hair, I saw she was endowed with an oversized clit that was as erect as her nipples. I spread the hood and ran my tongue over it, eliciting a long moan and caused her to arch her back. Next, I ran my down the length of her slit to her sopping pussy and thrust it in. More approval. She smelt and tasted delicious, slightly bitter but very addictive. I alternated between clit and slit, she was getting wetter by the minute and her savoury sauce was all over my mouth. After a time, I ran my tongue against her pungent arsehole to test her reaction, she did not object, so I lingered at her back door, mixing my saliva and her pussy juice, and painting all over her rosette. Her moans of pleasure were near constant now and she was writhing on the backseat, her hand on my head. Sometimes, she mumbled incoherently; other times, she encouraged me with, "Oh, that's nice" or "Mmm, right there, keep going". Next with slow, deliberate movements, I tongued her arsehole, pussy and clit, up and down, up and down. Saliva and cunt cream, intermixed, was looking on the car seat but neither of us cared. Sending she was getting close to blowing her stack, I focussed on her clit, sucking it and tonguing it in quick succession, while I inserted two fingers into her sopping fuzz box, massaging her g-spot. She enjoyed that. I sensed she was seconds away, but I wanted to test her limits. I slid one finger into her wet arsehole and kept another one in her cunny. No resistance, limit not yet reached. My digit entered the brown hole relatively easily, I left both fingers motionless for a few seconds before commencing a digit DP while continuing my oral activity on her oversized clit. Sure enough, this attention brought her to the boil and she came with a surprising violence as if surging electricity had struck her from the sky. I was hoping for a squirt, but I was disappointed. Never mind, it was a fair performance. I would my oral and digital activity and came up for air. My face was dripping from the assault, she was a sticky, matted mess down there but up there, her reddened 'sex face' radiated ecstasy. Recovering slightly, she pulled me towards her and started kissing me and licking my face, savouring the heady mix of our bodily fluids. She clearly enjoyed the taste. 

"How was that?", I asked.

"Terrible!", she replied in obvious jest. 

"How did it look?" she asked the passenger. 

The passenger, jeez but I'd forgotten about her! I leaned around and there she was looking at us and it was obvious that she'd enjoyed our show; her jeans were unzipped, and her hand had been down there, matching our rhythm. If she'd come at all, I was completely unaware, sound doesn't penetrate thick forest easily. 

"Fucking amazing!" replied the passenger. 

I sat back on the seat, temporarily satisfied with myself. Would the passenger be now tempted to join in? 

"You wanna go?" I asked. 

"Can I?" she responded. 

I wasn't going to refuse my own offer so I motioned her in. The driver opened the left-hand door and got out to get some air and to give me some room with the passenger.

"Enjoy the show" I said to her with a wink that she wouldn't have seen in the darkness. 

"Oh, I will!" she said, mischievously.

The passenger was a larger version than the driver, more rounded and less defined but no less alluring. She got in and sat back, the presence of the wet spot didn't bother her. I lent into her and started kissing her without any urgency. If this encounter was rarer than hens' teeth, then I was going to take my time and enjoy it to the utmost. The passenger wasn't a great kisser but that hardly mattered. Her breath tasted of the cheap white wine she'd been imbibing since the night began. She was hot to trot though and after a few minutes of lips missing their marks, we broke off and she began to take her top off and then her bra. The passenger's boobs weren't as impressive as the driver's, but they were pale white, and the nipples were large and very pinkish. She pressed them together and offered them to me, I gratefully accepted. I nuzzled on her nipples, sucking them into her mouth, gently biting then and eliciting a sharp intake of breath in the process. Every so often, there would be an "oh yeah!" It was evident that the passenger wanted attention focused down below, so I broke off and eased her jeans and undies from around her generous bottom and legs. By now, there was an indistinguishable pile of clothes on the floor of the car which I picked up and chucked on the front seat. I saw the driver by the door looking in on proceedings.

"Get ready", she said to the passenger who had her boobs cupped in both hands and her legs spread.

The passenger's box of delight was sparse of hair except for a light tuft on her pubic bone but there was some ink to the right of it which a full bush would have obscured. She was definitely wet from her previous activities, her sticky juice glistened in the wan light. The passenger reached down and spread her lips, inviting me in. I began by kissing her inner thighs and gently blowing on her clit and slit, this caused her to pulse. I drank in her aroma, similar but different. She had a normal sized clit, but it was no less responsive than the driver's. I took over the spreading of her fuck tunnel and let my tongue dance the tango. It was harder to make her cum and she was not responsive to anal stimulation at all. Perhaps, the passenger was not as experienced or confident as the driver? The night would eventually tell me. But cum she did, with all the explicit encouragement of her friend. She spasmed for maybe twenty seconds, no doubt her pussy pulsating inside with each wave. My face was a mess for the second time and my tongue and jaw aching from the task, but I didn't care.

"I just came again watching you two," piped up the driver as the passenger and I disengaged. 

"Look!" she said, holding out a hand that was greased with cunt cream. I leaned over and licked her proffered hand, she tasted the better of the two, then we kissed hard. 

"Whoa, you two are amazing. You do this often?", I asked. 

Both laughed. 

"This is our first time doing anything like this", replied the passenger.

"We were hoping to pick up a guy each, have some fun then go home", added the driver. 

Fair enough, I thought, impressed with their directness. 

"But you looked kinda cute, so we thought why not have some fun with you, if you were up for it", continued the passenger. 

And up for it I was! 

"Well, you girls know how to party", I said. 

"We like to fuck!" chimed in the driver.

We all laughed at that. For about another five minutes we exchanged small talk and swigs of wine from the bottle but all three of us knew this was an interlude.

****

The rest was beneficial, but I wanted to resume the action and so did the girls. "What's next ladies?" I asked in anticipation.

"Well, so far you've done all the work so now its our turn. Lay there," said the driver, pointing to the centre of the back seat, right in the middle of the wet patch. No problem, I thought. Facing forward, the passenger was on my left and the driver on my right. The passenger had not yet given me head, so I was hoping she would initiate it but at first, she seemed uncertain what to do next. Thankfully, the driver took control.

"Why don't you suck his cock [insert the passenger's name here]?" asked the driver. More of a command really.

The passenger manoeuvred into a position, sat next me, so that she could lean down and flag my member. She was impressive. My cock would disappear down here throat and she only used her mouth to pleasure me, no hands. Her mouth was very accommodating. She didn't go for the choking / spitting thing that her friend excelled at but no matter as I was in a happy place.

The driver initially watched her friend as if poised to offer helpful tips. I wondered if these two practised on each other and I was determined that by the end of the night, they would have 'experimented'. Seemingly satisfied with her performance this far, the driver leaned up to me and began passionately kissing me, her hands on my chest, stroking me. My left hand was on the passenger's head, my right cupping one of the driver's boobs. The driver broke from pashing and started licking my nipples. I don't really go for that as I gain no sexual arousal from it and I definitely draw the line at biting them. Sending my displeasure, she relented so decided on something else. She got down on the floor and came in between my legs. While the passenger gobbled my cock with increasing enthusiasm, the driver lapped at my ball sack. Heaven, and I indicated as much!

I decided again to test the driver's sexual limit. Would she eat my arsehole? 

"Girls you're really pampering me. Trying not to cum."

The passenger just "ummed", evidently pleased with my compliment but I doubt she'd swallow anyway. The driver, on the other hand said, "Don't cum yet, babe!"

"Keep on going down there [insert name of the driver]. You're heading in the right direction." was my subtle hint.

With the passenger's head bobbing up and down, I couldn't gauge the drivers' reaction. I didn't need to as the tactile proof was in the proverbial pudding. Trying to separate the specifics of simultaneous sexual arousal is a difficult exercise. Thankfully, the passenger's technique wasn't going to make me top myself anytime soon, pleasurable though it was. As a result, I could concentrate on what the driver was doing. Her technique was amazing. I could feel her tongue lapping on my chicken skin handbag but then it decided to go a bit further south, inching its way to where I hoped it would go. I didn't have long to wait. First contact with my puckered hole was tentative at first. Perhaps it was her first time rimming a man's arsehole? Soon though, her tongue was diving in with enthusiasm and she got better contact when she realised she could part my cheeks for better access. Getting head and being rimmed at the same time is the equivalent to a spiritual awakening and I can't imagine it being topped by anything on this green earth!
