 Victoria and Dan were glad they found another couple to have over for drinks. Kristi and Hank were fun and attractive. 

Everyone sat around the living room enjoying a beer and laughing at Dan's stories from college. Victoria, however, only had eyes for Kristi. Ever since the new woman walked in something had almost itched in Victoria. When it came to sex she preferred to be the submissive one...but with Kristi the urge had flipped. Maybe it was Kristi's smaller frame or the way her big eyes glanced at Victoria with the briefest hints of attraction. 

No one else had noticed. Victoria wasn't even sure that Kristi knew what was going on in the room. A smile crossed her lips as she laid out a plan to change that. 

"Who wants to play a game?" Victoria asked in a loud voice. 

Dan, suddenly paying close attention, raised his eyebrows and inquired, "What sort of game?" 

Victoria smiled at her husband and sweetly replied, "A drinking game. I was thinking we'd do a few never-have-I-evers." Her eyes flashed to Kristi and back to her husband. 

Dan didn't have to look to know where her gaze had gone. He sat back in his chair and lifted his beer. "If it's okay with everyone else. I think it's a great idea. Hank, you can go first."

Half an hour passed with lots of laughter and lots of sips of alcohol. The game had gone to sex, as it usually does, and the atmosphere in the room had thickened. Good, Victoria thought as her turn came around. "Never have I ever been the dominant during sex." She was pleasantly surprised to see Hank abstaining along with Kristi. Neither of them?

Dan played right along as he stated, "Never have I ever been the submissive during sex." Again, Hank and Kristi abstained. 

Victoria's eyes were locked with Kristi's. "Would you like to try?" she asked in a husky voice. 

Kristi took a sip of her beer with wide eyes. Victoria smiled slowly and said easily, "If it's okay with your husband, I mean." She gazed at Hank with a look that radiated innocence and heat. "I'd like to borrow your wife if you don't mind. I'll give her right back." 

A look passed between the two and then Kristi set her beer down on the table and stood slowly. 

Victoria mimicked the action and stepped into the open space behind the table. "Come here," she stated in a commanding voice. 

Kristi slowly obeyed, still unsure of what to do. 

Victoria was more than ready to remedy that. "Place your hands together at the nape of your neck and arch your back slightly." 

Kristi did so, brushing her hair out of the way and jutting her breasts forward. 

"Good girl," Victoria murmured. "Do you want to know what we're going to do?" she asked as she walked a slow circle around Kristi. She was rewarded with the briefest nod. "Ask me," Victoria said. "Say, 'What are we going to do?' Say it." 

Kristi's voice was small but carried in the silent room. "What are we going to do?"

Victoria stood behind her and bent close to her ear. "First, I'm going to kiss you nice and hard. You will keep your hands where they are and not touch. Now, ask what comes next. Say, 'What comes next?' Go on." 

Kristi swallowed hard before repeating. "What comes next?"

Victoria slid a hand along the bottom edge of Kristi's skirt. "Next, I'm going to bend you over the couch and spank you until your ass is nice and hot." She smiled at Kristi's intake of breath. "Now say, 'And then what, V?'"

Kristi's voice was barely above a whisper. "And then what?"

Victoria stepped in front and grabbed the woman's chin. "You forgot the last part."

Kristi swallowed again, "V."

Victoria smiled darkly and shook her head, "No, start over."

Then came the barely audible, "And then what, V?"

Victoria bent close to Kristi, their bodies pressed together. "I'm going to finger fuck you while your husband watches." Now it was Hank's turn to gasp. Dan silenced him with a look. 

With that Victoria slid her thumb along Kristi's bottom lip and applied pressure until they parted. She pressed their lips together and began a slow seduction of her mouth. There was no sound in the room except the occasional moan or gasp as the two women kissed. Tongues flashed and intertwined. The air in the room seemed to heat up. 

Victoria pulled back and gazed at Kristi. "One down," she whispered and pointed to the couch. "Hands on the couch and bed over." She smiled as Kristi scrambled to oblige.

Victoria waited a beat to glance at the men. Dan was watching easily with the arousal evident in his eyes. Hank was perched on the edge of his seat, breathing hard, mouth open. 

Victoria crossed the room and stood behind Kristi. "You know," she said as she caressed the woman's legs, "I'm so glad you decided to wear a skirt. It makes what I have planned a lot easier." She grabbed the edge of the material and growled approvingly, "And a thong? You're sure you've never done this before?" She ran a hand from the woman's waist down her tight ass. "Lovely," was the only thing she said before giving her a test smack. When Kristi responded with a gasp and a moan Victoria repeated the action. Caress, smack, caress, smack. Over and over until the area was warm and pink. 

"Lovely," Victoria's voice was dark with arousal. She skimmed her fingers up Kristi's back lightly and enjoyed the shiver it caused. "Hmm. What came next?" Her fingers danced back down. "Oh yes, I remember now." She reached underneath and felt the warm wetness between Kristi's legs. She was rewarded with loud moan. "Someone is enjoying herself." She pushed the scrap of material aside and pressed her fingers inward. Kristi bucked her hips and cried out. 

You could hear Hank squirm in his chair and breathe that much harder. Victoria glanced at the man with an idea. She withdrew her fingers and beckoned Hank over. The man looked confused for a beat, as if he was unsure as to what the motion meant. Clarity registered and he jumped up to obey. Victoria grabbed his shirt and pulled him close to her body. "Next time," she whispered, "I'll teach you to do this. Hands on of course." She placed a wet finger in his mouth and his eyes widened as he licked his wife's wetness from it. Simultaneously she placed the other finger in her own mouth so their lips were close together. He closed his eyes and moaned. "Now," Victoria instructed, "Sit and let your wife fuck you." 

He had his fly undone in the 2 steps it took to get to the couch. Kristi looked at Victoria as if asking for permission. Victoria nodded approvingly and inclined her head toward Hank. Kristi moved to sit astride her husband. 

Now Victoria turned her attention to her own husband. Dan's gaze was predatory as he looked at his wife. She slipped her hands beneath her own skirt and found she was as wet as Kristi had been. Her husband needed no beckoning and was on her in a few steps. She placed her wet finger in his mouth the same way she had with Hank. His eyes were dark as he asked, "Shall we join them?" 

He moved to sit next to Hank and undid his own pants. Victoria climbed on top of him, her legs brushing Kristi's. Kristi and Hank stopped moving briefly as Victoria settled in with a moan. She reached out and grabbed Kristi's hair and pulled her close. "Kiss me" was the unspoken demand. 

The women alternated kissing each other and their own husbands. Victoria smiled as Hank's rhythm increased and Kristi's breathing began to become more erratic. This kicked Victoria and Dan into a higher gear and her husband's thrusting began to match Hank's. One by one they each moaned in pleasure and climax hit them. 

The women settled against their husbands' chests and linked hands. Dan kissed his wife softly with humor in his eyes. Yes, it was great to have found another couple to have over.