 Susan and Mike were laying in their bed, lights down low, he was holding to the back of her head as she eagerly sucked on his half hard cock.

Mike had been having sexual problems for the last six months or so. Couldn't get hard enough to fuck his horny wife. She could get a load of cum every so often by blowing him, but that's not the way she wanted it. Sue liked it deep into her hot pussy. Sucking a hard cock had always turned her on, getting her ready for a stiff prick plowing its way into her always willing cunt. Lately Mike always got her off by licking her sloppy pussy but she preferred a cock fucking her. 

Sue was 58 years old, 5'8", short light brown hair, slightly heavy(not fat), 38-D, A lot to love. Mike 62 years, 6'1", receding gray hair, 44 inch waist. The have been married for ten years, both for the second time. Each had a son and daughter from ex partners. Now happily married and gone on their own.

They had an active sex life together, up to the last few months. Enjoying all the variations in their love making that two people can have. Both liked telling and hearing erotic stories of their sexual couplings with previous partners, married and single. Neither ever strayed on their spouses but both had several adventurers before and between marriages. 

Mike's favorite tales of Sue's was of her sucking various cocks and how much she loved the feel and taste of fresh cum. With visions of her blowing another man in his mind. He was saying lustfully to her. "Suck his hard cock. Suck Mark's cock. Suck him, (Mark was an old friend of hers)" The more he thought of her sucking another man the harder he got and soon gratefully spewed his cum to her waiting mouth.

"Thank you darling, That was great." He murmured and moved her up to kiss her lips, still dripping with his sperm. 

"OK, love. You liked that didn't you?"

"Yes. You know I love you, don't you?"

"That turns you on, doesn't it? You thinking of me sucking somebody else's stiff cock? 

"Yea, I guess it does." He said quietly as he cuddled with her. "Just a small fantasy of mine. I would love to watch you suck another mans stiff cock."

"Would you really like that? You really want to see me suck somebody else?"

"Well, I don't know." Mike hesitated a bit. "YES, I really would. I'd love to watch you suck a strange cock, watch you swallow some cum and then maybe get fucked by another man."

"MIKE! You realize what your saying? You would want to watch me screw another man? Your out of your mind for thinking of that." 

"I know it's a bit strange. But with the problem I'm having getting hard for you I thought you might enjoy getting some good hard cock in you." He explained as he hugged her tight. "I wouldn't mind, as long as I knew about it."

"Your strange." Susan said as she kissed him. "Goodnight!" 

Mike left for work after a silent breakfast. Just a kiss bye at the door. 

Sue finished her coffee and called her next door neighbor. "Hi Jean, got a few minuets? I have some thing on my mind I need to clear up. Fine, I'll be right over." . 

"Come on in, the doors open." Jean called when Sue rang the bell. "Get some coffee, I'll be right there." Moments later Jean entered the kitchen drying her hair, wearing a thin robe. "Hi sweets, what's the problem?"

"Morning. Same old problem we women always have! MEN!" Sue laughed. "You'll never guess what that fool husband of mine suggested now?"

"Shit. He's a man. Something strange I bet. What?" 

"Well. You remember I told you about his sexual problem. About not getting hard enough to satisfy me." Sue said. "It's all about that."

"He have a solution for that?"

"Yea, he suggested I get a lover. Can you beat that for a weird idea?"

"Nothing wrong with that. We girls need a hard cock once in a while."Jean replied. "You gonna get one?" 

"No. Don't be silly. I couldn't do that. What would you do?"

"Go for it. I did. Harry has the same thing wrong. Weak cock. Can't keep it up, so I visit a friend about once a week for some great sex."

"What? You meet a man every week and get laid?" A shocked Sue asked. "Your kidding me?

"Sure I do and he's great fuckin. I have his number and I'll bet he has a friend. Want me to give him a call and set up a date?"

"Nooo! Don't be silly! Why would I want to do that? Mike was just teasing me. At least I think he was." "You sure he was teasing? What else did he say?" Jean asked as she slid her chair closer.

"He even said that he wanted to watch me while I suck some mans hard cock." 

"Sounds like fun. You want to get a lover? I can call my friend?"

"Your not any help. I need some advice. What can I do?" 

"What you should do is ask if he is really serious and actually wants you to find a lover." Jean told her. "If he says yes call me and I'll set up a date with my friend for both of us." 

"OK. I'll ask but I bet he'll say he was joking." Sue replied.

Susan spent the day thinking. Could she really fuck another man. Would she enjoy sucking a different cock. Would be nice wouldn't it, a lot of fun. I would enjoy it. OK, I will if he says yes. 

Not much was discussed at supper that evening, just a few pleasant exchanges. Sue finished the dishes then went in and sat on the couch next to her husband.

"Mike?"

"Yes, hun?"

"A question?"

"Yea."

"What you said last night? About having another man fuck me?" She hesitated. "Were you serious? You really would let me fuck with somebody else?" 

After clearing his throat and hesitating a bit, Mike quietly said. "Yes. Yes I would. I would love to watch you with another guy. Watch you suck him and take a nice hard cock in your pussy. I know it sounds strange but it's my fondest fantasy." He leaned over and took her in his arms and kissed her. 

"I think I will. If you really want me to."

"Please, I want you to find a lover. Some guy with a nice cock to satisfy you. Only I have to know about what you do. You have to tell me everything." Mike said as he knelt between her legs, raised her skirt and pressed his face to her panty covered pussy.

Sue's pussy was already soaking wet. Just the thought of what she was going to do got her juices flowing. Her husband pulled aside her panties and licked at her hairy cunt. She was already on edge and his muff diving quickly brought her to a nice climax. 

As she laid back recovering from her orgasm she picked up the phone. "Hello Jean? When can we have that date? Mike says he really does want me to find some man to fuck me." She said with excitement. 

"Your going out with Jean? That's good, she has a lover too. She screws with him almost every weekend." 

"You know about that? How? How do you know that?"

"Harry told me. That's where I got the idea for you. She has his permission too. Now I can tell him about you getting some cock too."

"Both you men are weird but I think I like it. Know better after my first date."

Sue anxiously rode with Jean to the tavern where they were to meet her friend. Not knowing for sure if she could go through with this. Meeting a strange man strictly for some fucking. She dressed as sexy as possible. Short flaring skirt, thin button up blouse, medium black heels. At Jean's advice she left off underwear, no bra or panties. Jean was dressed the same. "For easy access." She said.

The tavern was a quiet place on a side street. Bar on one side, tables for two or four scattered one the other and several discrete booths in back. About twenty patrons scattered around conversing and drinking. As they entered two nicely groomed men rose to greet them. 

Tall, both looked to be in their forties. One kissed Jean on the lips. "Hi baby, meet Walt and this must be Sue." He said to her. "I'm Sam. Welcome to our den of iniquity." 

Sam stood 6', dark hair, well dressed in slacks and sport coat. Nice build and pleasing face. Walt was just a bit shorter, bald, and very handsome. Dressed similarly. A hug and kisses were exchanged then Sam led to one of the booths. Sue noticed that Sam's hand was caressing Jeans ass as they walked back to a dark corner. "More private back here." He said smiling at her. 

Sipping their first drinks and getting acquainted they chatted about many things. Sue saw that Sam had unbuttoned Jean's blouse, opened it, exposed her tits and was caressing them. Blushing she looked away. Walt laughed at her discomfort. "Don't bother with them, they like to show off."

"I'm sorry Sue whispered. This is all new to me. My first date in a long time."

"Don't worry, your safe with me. As safe as you want to be."Walt reassured her. "I noticed your rings. Are you married?"

"Yes. Do you mind? I'm an older married woman."

"No problem. Does your husband know your out like this?"

"Yes he knows. I have his permission to have some fun." "The same as Jean does? He asked. "Anything you want?" 

"Anything I want, but I'll need a few more drinks first." Sue replied as she moved closer to him placing her hand high on his thigh. "This is my first time to fuck around on my husband."

Walt raised his hand to the waitress signaling for another round of drinks.

Several drinks later Sue announced. "Enough liquid courage, let's do it. Jean you ready?" By this time her tits were also on display covered with several love bites and her hand was holding Walt's hard, stiff cock in her hand slowly jacking him.

Sam had an apartment just around the corner. Entering the front room the two couples shed their few remaining clothes. Naked Sam sat in a chair as Jean knelt and began sucking his cock. Sue led her soon to be lover to the couch, laid back, spread her legs and grasping the first new hard cock in years, guided it to her waiting hungry cunt.

"Ooh." She cried as his shaft sunk into her. "Give me your cock. That's what my pussy needs. A hard cock fucking me." Sue climaxed almost at once, it had been so long time without a hard cock in her. "Don't stop." She begged. "Fuck me good."

Walt was amazed at the exuberance of her. This was the greatest piece of ass he ever had. He knew that he wanted more of this horny woman. 

Jean and Sam meanwhile had moved. He was kneeling on the floor behind her, fucking her dog style. Both were watching the hot display across from them as Walt lustfully screwed Sue. 

Sue was having climaxes so close together from the pounding of Walt's thrusting prick, that they seemed like just one big orgasm. With a final lunge he filled her cunt with his boiling cum.

Rolling off her Walt sat up to catch his breath. Jean eyeing his dwindling cock glistening with their mixed juices crawled over and sucked his shaft into her mouth, cleaning it off. Finished with him she moved to Sue, who was laying back exhausted, her cunt over flowing with fresh cum. Jean began licking all Walt's cum from her well used pussy. 

As they sat around resting still naked. Sue noticed Sam's cock getting hard again. Reaching for him she held his shaft to her lips and began to suck it. 

"Look at her! She wants more cock." Jean exclaimed. "Sam fuck her!"

Pushing Sam back on the floor Sue climbed over him and lowered her body to meet his rising cock. Giving a long sigh as her pussy covered his prick Sue began to fuck again. 

Not wanting to be left out Jean laid down and beckoned Walt to join her. Her pussy was soaked, filled with Sam's spunk. He slid easily into her waiting cunt. 

On the way home Sue remarked. "I guess I now have a sexy story to tell Mike. He'll love it when I tell him that I had two men fuck me. Will you tell Harry?"

"Oh hell yes. He will eat my pussy while I tell him and then want a blow job. What he'll like most is when I tell him that we switched partners and had two different men fuck us. Go crazy over that, especially when he and Mike get together and talk.

Mike was waiting for her as Sue entered their bedroom. The light was on and he was laying naked on their bed, his cock in his hand. 

"Hi hun. You OK? Have a good time?"

Sue stood at the bed side. Her hair was a mess, her blouse unbuttoned. She had the smile on her face of a well satisfied freshly fucked woman. Slowly she removed her blouse showing the bites and bruises all over her tits. Dropping her skirt he could see the cum slowly running down her legs.

"You look well fucked." He happily exclaimed. "Come here and tell me about your evening."

"Do you really want to know? Want me to say how much fuckin fun I had?" Sue teased as she climbed in bed next to him. 

"Yes. Please tell. I want to hear about everything that happened to you tonight."

"OK. But you have to eat my sloppy, wet pussy while I tell you."

Eagerly mike spread his wife's legs, gazed briefly at her wet cunt and dove in licking greedily at her. As she began her tale of debauchery. 

As she finished with her exploits Mike raised up over her an plunged his throbbing, hard cock to her. Her story had turned him on so much that he had a raging stiff cock. Only fucking for a few minuets until spurting cum to her well used pussy. 

Falling asleep in each others arms they both dreamed of sex.