 THE NEXT CHAPTER.

Ben had just taken my anal cherry and we were heading for his shower to freshen up.

Everything in the loft was open. The bath area was around the back side of the bed with a low wall between them. The floor was tiled and the shower had only three walls but was big enough to hold four people. There were three shower heads and we used all of them.  

We were so rung out we just soaped each other up and gave each other a good scrubbing. There was even a bidet. 

"Nice huh?" he said, "The people who I rent from thought of everything."

We dried each other off and went back to lie nakeed across the bed. Ben put some soft music 

on and we just lay there collecting ourselves.

He asked if the next time we were together would I be open to him bringing in the couple he had mentioned.

I said I would be open to meeting them and see if we all were comfortable with each other. 

He asked if he could tell them anything about our time together to give them an idea of what I might be receptive to.

I asked him not to be too specific so I wouldn't be to embarrassed to meet them.

He asked me to trust him as he picked up the phone.

I couldn't pass up the opening and said, "Trust you, you won't cum in my mouth I suppose!" He was laughing so hard he had to put the phone down as he got his shit together.

After a moment he made the call and was talking to one of the couple. He was saying that he had just had an exciting time with a new male friend and thought of them because he felt we had a lot in common. He asked them if they would like to meet me sometime. They must of said yes as he asked me when would be a good time for us to get together for a lunch or something. We worked something out and he said his good byes and hung up. I had to get going and told him that I would never forget the things we had done and was looking forward to more.

We both had somewhere to be so, giving his fine cock a long soft stroke, I regretfully had to get dressed and leave.

It seemed to take forever until I was to meet Sara and Steve, but the day finally had arrived. I still saw Ben regularly at the gym but we had not had a chance to get back together. 

We all met at an open air restaurant on a nice warm afternoon.

Ben introduced all of us and I don't know who was more nervous, me or either of them. They were an attractive couple about my age. Sara was a little younger than any of us about 5 feet tall with short almost white hair, I was wondering if her pubic hair matched. I would have to describe her as, pretty, petite with a nice smile. She had small but what appeared to be firm breasts and looked like they were still firm enough to stand up without the aid of a bra. 

Steve was taller than me, about five eight or nine, dark with black hair. He looked to be in very good shape. The conversation was awkward at first with all of trying to hard, until Ben said " Relax, I have seen you all naked and if you don't quit worrying I'll start telling stories!" 

Thank God we were isolated from the few other diners when he said it. Sara said something about remembering a story or two she could tell on him.

He replied that if she didn't he might have to himself!

So to try to lighten things up I asked her how long they had known Ben.

She said about a year and that after getting to really know each other they tried to get together a couple of times a month.

I told them that Ben and I had really only met a short time ago. "Well" she quipped, "it didn't take you two long to get together."

"Yeah I said things moved pretty fast, I guess I must have been ready for a change as I was just getting out of another bad relationship and wasn't looking for another bad one and was kind of gun shy about getting back into the dating scene." 

Everyone was letting their guard down when the waiter came with the check. After the usual give and take about who was paying Ben asked what now?

Steve looked at Sara and inclined his head and she said " How about your place Ben."

It was a short walk and Sara and I drifted together as Steve and Ben lead the way to Ben's.

When we got there we all sat around the low table on the floor by the couch. Nobody seemed to know what to do next when Ben said, "Well my house, my rules, new rule." 

Before he could state the rule Sara jumped in and asked " Since when do we have rules?"

Ben said since you three might sit here forever before anyone got up the nerve to make the first move.

"So everyone stand in a circle," which we all did. "Now remove the top of the person to your left."

I was between Sara and Steve but got to take off Sara's' top. I was right her nice firm little breasts stood up nicely without any help. It was a little awkward trying to remove someone else's clothes while yours were being removed. 

We all got each others top off when Ben said drop the persons bottom to your right and if they have anything on underneath, that too. 

It was Steve who I had to do this time and as I was unbuckling his belt and lowering his zipped Sara exclaimed, "This was easy, John doesn't wear much!" 

I stepped out of my jeans and out of my moccasins and was the first one naked. I was kind of shocked to be the first, but continued with Steve while stealing looks at Sara. I had to work a little to get Steve's pants and boxers down but got in a quick feel of his cock and was surprised at his size. He was barely getting hard and as big as I am hard. Ben and Sara were both watching me for my reaction and both laughed.

"Impressive isn't it?" said Sara.

"Now you know why I had you do him" Ben said.

Don't worry about anything Sara said, if I can live with little titties you can live with a smaller cock than Steve.

"Thanks for not saying little Sara" I replied. 

Don't worry yours looks like the kind that will fit anywhere.

Steve said, "Sara is especially happy as I am too big to fuck her cute little rosebud and Ben is almost to big unless she is really horny, so you can look forward to helping us with her where we can't."

As were all naked Ben said next rule, new guy gets everyone off!

I was taken aback but excited.

He added: "don't worry the last rule is after everyone gets new guy off."

Sara said, "Then can we have no more rules?"

Ben said that by then we wouldn't need any.

So I told everyone to have a seat on the couch. Sara got in the middle so it didn't matter which end I started at I had to suck cock to get to her pussy. I was still a little hung up about being bi and not gay!

I looked at Steve's impressive cock and thought to save it for last so I could build up to it.

I knelt in front of Ben and took his familiar cock in my hand and put the head in my mouth. As I was getting into it and he was getting harder I took my head away and stroked his foreskin back and forth exposing the crimson crown as I had come to think of his cock head. I thought with the head fully exposed he might cum quicker.

As I was sucking him I let my hand rest on Sara's' thigh, slowly caressing up her to the heaven between her legs. 

In the surprise of seeing Steve's huge cock for the first time I had missed looking at Sara's pussy to see what color her hair was.

As I reached her hot moist center I found she kept her hair trimmed but still had some. I prefer a hairy pussy but am not fussy. I couldn't see the color but found the area around her lips was shaved giving me easier access to them which felt to be very full.

As I slipped my finger into her I was surprised to find her a little looser that I had expected but luckily didn't show any reaction. She and Steve must have been together for some time.

She reacted with an intake of breath. I could smell her aroma and it was full and sweet. It had been to long since I had any pussy.

By now Ben was grabbing my head and face fucking me until he came down my throat. I couldn't contain all of if and some ran out my mouth and Sara said: "come here lover", and kissed me sucking and licking up the entire overflow.

I slid down her chest stopping to take each of her fine little breasts into my mouth. As I finally got down to her pussy I could see that it was the same shade as her other hair. She was a natural or colored both ends. I could care less. 

All I wanted was something sweet and warm and she was both.

I pulled her to the edge of the couch so she was exposed to my view and tongue as much as possible. I buried my face in her snatch and inhaled. She was fragrant and wet.

I started by rubbing my face in her hair and then down to her lips. After a couple of seconds I opened my mouth enough to suck in her lips and stick my tongue into her. She let out a sigh that made my day. I have always thought I was a great pussy eater and sucked in her juices. After enjoying her opening and lips she was getting into my work. I then drifted up to locate her clit and gave it a lick. Before she could really get into it, I dropped back to sucking and licking the rest of her beautiful little snatch. 

I went back to her clit and gave it a longer and fuller suck. My time spent below was shortened as she pulled my head up so I could concentrate on her clit. I had replaced my lips on her opening with my fingers and had two in her and was fucking her slowly as I sucked her clit.

It didn't take long before she came pushing herself into my face as hard as she could. Her legs started to quiver and her breathing became more rapid and I could feel it hot on the back of my neck. Taking one of my wet fingers I placed it on her little star. 

It was hot to my touch and she flexed it so that it opened and let my finger tip enter her. This must have been enough for her to push her over the edge, as she wrapped her legs around my head and came with a moan that must have come from her soul.

Once she came back to earth, I backed off and savored the contented look on her face.

When she was coming down I had started stroking Steve's hard cock. He was bigger than I expected. I had grown to like Ben's and felt good with his size but Steve was so much bigger and I wanted to give him as much pleasure as the others. 

Moving between his legs I sucked as much of him into my mouth as I could but couldn't get half of him in so I was using my hands. Steve didn't seem to mind and was lying back enjoying my work. As I was getting into a rhythm Sara playfully hit him on the chest and said " Now don't make him work forever, relax and let it go" 

She said to me " He has great control and can last forever when he wants, but Ben and I want to get to pleasing you John".

With that Steve started to relax and pushed his ass forward to the couch edge and started to cum almost immediately. He came forcefully and with great quantity. His rapid climax surprised me by cummimg on so quickly. I couldn't contain it all as some ran down my chin. I held what part of his cock in my mouth I could, expecting to feel him soften but surprisingly he stayed almost as hard as before he came. 

This was an impressive man, he could have a career in porn!

Feeling proud of myself with servicing everyone so well and quite quickly, I sat back on the coffee table and realised just how hard my cock was.

I was looking forward to the next part of Bens' Rules!