 Dale stared for a second, then grinned again, but he didn't say anything. I had the feeling that he wasn't particularly comfortable with the idea of his partner looking at someone else the way she was looking at me. But then he smiled more relaxedly, and murmured, "Why don't you do something to help the poor guy, then?" 

Without further ado, Jenna moved smoothly to her feet and made her way over the room to where I was leaning a little wearily against another couch. Her heavy breasts swung into my face, and without pausing she reached out and pulled my tie halfway down my shirt, pushed her face into my open collar and traced a line with her tongue from my throat to my breastbone. For some reason, this was an incredibly horny move, and I couldn't help uttering a small grunt of pleasure. In the corner of my eye I could just see Dale starting to react -- he had pulled a pair of shorts on and without saying anything, had picked up my camera and was starting to get to grips with the controls. 

I now realized that the filmer was on the point of becoming the filmee, but, frankly, I was in the grip of a passion and desire so powerful, I didn't give a damn. I knew this was a session I wasn't going to be paid for -- in cash -- but it looked like something better than money was coming my way. Jenna reached down and pressed her hand against the front of my jeans, tracing the outline of my stiff dick through the material, and dropping further down to squeeze my balls. I groaned again, and she responded with a few words.

"Jeremy, I guess this must happen all the time to you, no?" I bet you get your cock sucked twice a day, hey? Bet you're a great fuck? Let's find out, shall we?

"Bitch," I muttered. I'd heard the way Jenna and Dale talked to each other when they were making out, and guessed she'd like more of the same from me. Briskly, she unbuckled my belt and striped its length from the loops on my jeans. She flipped the button and tugged sharply downwards, the sensation in my prick heightened by the rasp of the zipper as it passed over my member. I staggered slightly against the couch but already Jenna had dropped to her knees in front of me, and was ripping my shorts down around my ankles. I was standing in a stranger's home, clothing in disarray and my massively erect cock jutting out of my groin in full view of not just a naked woman, but, for the first time, another man. Dale had come over to the action and was now filming to the best of his ability the sight of his girl starting to blow another cock.

Jenna certainly knew what she was doing, and I could feel the pressure growing to almost unbearable levels as she took my balls in one hand and started rolling them in my sac. The other hand held my dick firmly in place as she started to go down on me, her mouth clamping closely over the slick knob, and using her lips to full advantage. I let out another anguished groan as she started to use the hand that wasn't mauling my balls to jack the length of my cock, and I could feel my orgasm rushing toward me too quickly -- but there was nothing I could do to stop myself. 

I didn't think she'd want my sperm in her mouth and just managed to moan something as a warning before I blew my load, but Jenna's blowing of me just continued without a pause and, as Dale was filming with one hand (the other was openly jerking his cock inside his shorts now) I couldn't wait another second and let go with a yell as my sap dumped itself into the welcoming haven of Jenna's wet and warm mouth. I groaned again as my toes twitched in aftershock, and slipped out and backwards into the couch, my still stiff cock slapping back against my belly, red and angry-looking at the treatment it had received. I felt dazed and confused, but I also felt incredibly sensitized. Every part of my body had tingles running through it, and I panted for breath as the orgasm started to subside. As I came to, I heard Dale utter a grunt and, looking up, saw him put the camera down on a table as the busy hand in his shorts produced a wet stain on the cotton and his eyes screwed up. I reckoned we'd probably all had enough for a moment and wondered what the next move should be. I was on the point of looking for my shorts, when Jenna addressed the two of us men directly. 

"Dale, pick up the camera. Jeremy, you've had yours and it's my turn now, so don't even think of getting up!" she said. And with that, she grabbed my semi-erect cock and started to rub her thumb over the slippery tip. To my surprise I could feel the blood coursing straight back into my prick and in seconds I was stiff again, the hormones were kicking in and I was ready for.... for what? Jenna knew what.

Quickly she hoisted herself onto my lap, shoving my legs apart as she did so. Before I knew it, her cunt was sliding down my cock and gripping its length. Her pussy was warm and wet, but tight too and I knew I was in for a hard ride. I started to buck up towards her, my cock forcing its way past the first, more difficult entry point and buried itself deep inside her belly. We both let out groans as the two of us started to find our rhythm and I managed to latch onto her vagina as we rode each other, fingering her clit as it slid back and forwards past my prick. She began to let go with regular, breathy little cries, the pitch rising steadily, and I could feel my second orgasm coming along fast -- I knew I had to wait for her this time, though. Luckily Dale's decision to pan the camera repeatedly between her face and her groin, grunting himself as he did so, turned Jenna on even more and she stopped making the cries; replacing them with a torrent of filthy language, the words tumbling out of her in an unbroken flow.

"Jeremy, you cunt, you'll never have a fuck like this again, you little piece of shit, I'll rip your balls off if you don't give me a harder screw than this, aaah yes, drive it in me, you shit but don't spunk until I'm ready you bastard! Dale, he's good, though, you could learn something. Uurrrrrrgh!"

With a final squeal her head snapped back and she screamed out her orgasm. I let myself go too, spurting more spunk inside her tightly contracting cunt as it gripped my boner like a vice. My moans as I did so were echoing off the walls of the house - but little did I care! My first job as a private porn photographer had taken me to heights of experience and feeling I had never experienced before, and I wondered if this sort of thing would ever happen again.