 Jean called Sue in the morning. "Hi, you hot chick. How did Mike take things?"

"Wow. He went ape. He wanted all the details and even ate my pussy while I described the fun that we both had. I was still full of Sam's cum and he licked it all out of me. He even actually got hard enough to really fuck me." 

"Great. Told you it would be lots of fun? Didn't I?"

"Yes. Much better than I expected. I thought I would feel really guilty but I don't." Sue said. 

"Nothing to be guilty about. Our men wanted us to get fucked so we did. My Harry is happy and now your Mike is too." 

"What's strange is that I enjoyed describing to him how we sucked those two guys and then switched and sucked the other. I even told him that you sucked my cunt clean of Walt's cum after he fucked me. Mike even licked Sam's fuck juices from me. Does Harry lick your cunt after you come home?" "He sure does, every time. He says he loves the taste of sucking another mans cum from me. Harry was nicely surprised that we swapped guys and let them both fuck us. That gave him two loads of cum to lap up from me." 

"Harry always licks you after?"

"Hell yes. He loves the taste." "Men are strange." Sue quipped as she said goodbye.

That evening after supper Mike said that he was going over to have a beer with Harry. "Be back in a while, see you in a bit." As he kissed her cheek. 

Minuets later the phone rang. Sue, it's Jean. Come on over."

"What's up? Why did you call?"

"Harry and Mike want to have us both tell of our adventure last night. Harry wants to hear your story and Mike wants me to describe mine to him." "Why not?" Sue replied. "Might turn them on enough to make us both happy." 

Harry sat on a comfortable chair with Jean on his lap as Sue and Mike got cozy on the couch across from them.

"Where should we start?" Jean asked. 

"At the bar where Sam exposed your titties." Mike told her.

Jean told how she had her tits played with and then described what Walt did to Sue, taking off her top and biting her nice tits, leaving bite marks all over them. Other people could see them but no one complained.

"Who else saw you?" Harry asked.

"Well.... The waitress when she brought our drinks. Two couples at another table in the vicinity, and a few other guys."

"Nobody complained?" asked Mike

"The waitress asked if we were having fun, and laughed."

"Then we left and went to Sam's apartment." Sue told them.

"Then?" From Harry.

"As soon as we were in the door we got naked." Jean said. "Is that what you want to know?"

"Oh, yea. Yes." Both men said at once. 

"Totally naked? All of you at one time?" Mike gasped.

"YES! Totally, stripped down, bare ass naked. Ready to get fucked. Sue jubilantly told them. 

"You asked? She told you!" Jean said. "You want to hear more?"

"We sure do. Please." Both nodded their heads.

"The fellows sat on the couch. Naked. We knelt and started to suck their nice hard cocks." Sue continued her tale. 

"I have an idea." Mike said. "Why don't you show us, while you tell us?"

"What do you mean? Sue asked.

"Get naked and suck us as you did them." Mike spoke as he unzipped his fly and showed her his half hard cock. 

"You've got to be joking? You want us to suck you guys? Here? Now?" Jean questioned. "Why not?" Her husband asked her. "You sucked those two guys stiff pricks. Why not your own husband's cocks?" 

"I'm game if you are." Claimed Sue. "Sounds like fun. OK with you?"

"All right, let's." Jean said as she stripped off her clothes. 

"You guys have to be naked too." Sue told them.

After Mike and Harry undressed, they were directed to sit side by side on the couch.

Sue and Jean knelt to their respective husbands. Taking semi stiff pricks in hand they began sucking their men.

Still sucking on Mike's slightly hard cock Sue was wishing it was either Walt or Sam she was blowing. Their cocks had been much harder, nicer to suck on.

"Sue!" Mike said. "Switch with Jean. I want to see you suck Harry. That's what I want. I want to see another mans cock in your mouth."

Sue and Jean swapped cocks. Harry's was slightly bigger than Mike. But that changed quickly as Mike lustfully watched his wife's mouth consume his friends cock.

"That's wonderful hun, you look so great with his cock in your mouth." Mike gasped as he felt his prick stiffening. He was finally watching his fondest fantasy.

Jean, sucking Mike, quickly noticed the change of his cock. Hardening nicely in her mouth. She welcomed the stiffness by sucking it deeper in her mouth.

"Harry? Harry? Can I fuck your wife? I need to fuck someone." Mike pleaded to his friend.

"Only if I can fuck yours." Harry replied lewdly. 

The women realizing what the men wanted laid back, opened their arms and welcomed the two hard cocks. Not caring which went where. 

The two friends fucked each others wives, side by side. All thinking that they should have started this sooner. But this was a great new beginning.