 When this story took place Linda and I were not new to the lifestyle. That being said we were also not what you would call hardcore swingers either. I would guess we had been involved in foursomes with maybe three different couples. Two of which were strangers that we had met through swinger publications. With both of those couples we had sex on the first date. The sex that we had with those couples was started by Linda and the male half of the other couple being the first two naked. 

 We had also been to a few house-held swingers dances but had never been to an on-premises club. The group action offered by the on-premises club was something that had always intrigued me as something I really wanted us to experience. Linda was more comfortable with couple on couple action she had said she wanted to get to know a couple before we played with them. 

 Linda would never bring up any interest in the lifestyle. It was always a conversation that was started by me. She was always a willing participant in any sexual activities and when we were with another couple she was always the one who seemed to start the party so to speak. However whenever I would bring up the subject of attending a party house or an on-premise club she was always reluctant to the idea. Because of her reluctance in this area I didn't want to push things too much. But as reluctant as she was toward this subject I was on the opposite end of the spectrum and fantasized about group play. So whenever I felt it was a good time to broach the subject again I would do just that. 

 My persistence finally wore down her resistance and she agreed to check out a party-house with me but made it clear this was my idea and she didn't think anything sexual was going happen. We would just check it out to see what we thought about it and nothing more. I was fine with that stipulation just happy to finally be able to get her in the door to break down her resistance. My thoughts were nothing would happen this time but maybe just maybe she would see that it wasn't as intimidating as she had envisioned. If so maybe she would be open to making a return trip there something. 

 I learned of a party house located about sixty miles from our home. I had called the couple that put on the parties to learn a little about this place. Bob and Carol were the couples that ran it and I was impressed with how open, friendly and helpful they were. They told me what they offered, what to expect and also what the rules of the parties were including no meant no. I told them about Linda's reluctance to attend a party house as well as some of her fears. After a couple calls in one of which Linda talked to Carol for probably the better part of an hour. She seemed much more comfortable with the idea of checking the place out after that.

Carol had told me about an upcoming theme party that we might enjoy attending I approached Linda with the idea about checking it out. After some brief reluctance Linda finally said well it's up to you we can check it out if you want to. As most guys will tell you, you might be getting into some dangerous areas when women tell you I don't care it's up to you. Ok I'm spoiled and wanted to so I made plans to attend. We all know that is the female side of this thing that makes it work and I just wanted Linda to know all the facts before she made a decision. 

The day of the theme party finally arrived. I was trying to be cool but truth be told I was as nervous as I had been in a very long time. Linda on the other hand went about her daily routines like it was any other day. She was so calm I was convinced that she had already made her mind up to the fact that she wasn't going to participate in anything sexual that night. 

We took the kids to their grandparents that afternoon and grabbed a sandwich on the way home. When we walked in the door I told Linda I was going to take my shower and get dressed. As I showered Linda laid out what she was going to wear that night. The theme for the night was lady in red so Linda chose a red cocktail dress, a pair of red high heel shoes and thigh highs to wear for the night. 

As I was shaving Linda ran her bath water. She set out her shaving supplies which included those she used to trim her pubic area and placed them beside the tub without saying a word. She added some scented bath oils to the water and climbed in. As she relaxed in the tub I left her alone and continued dressing in the other room. My pulse quickened as I walked out of the bathroom because there was only one reason I could think of as to why she brought out what she needed to trim her pubic area. 

I busied myself around the house waiting for Linda to get ready to go. I was trying not to show the anxiety I was feeling. I was just so excited about finely getting to go to the kind of party I had only heard and read about. The car was loaded, the dogs were feed, everything was ready to go I just needed Linda to get ready and we would be gone. 

When Linda walked into the living room my cock sprang to an instant erection. She was wearing a red cocktail dress that came to mid-thigh. The dress was just short enough to give a glimpse of the tops of her thigh highs. She had on the pair of red shoes that placed her ass in the just right position. The back of the dress came to just below her shoulder blades with the front showing a lot of cleavage. I could tell by the way her nipples were protruding that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her makeup was perfect as was her hair. Her lips may have been saying nothing is going to happen tonight but her body was saying let's fuck. 

She asked how she looked and if I thought she was dressed alright for tonight. I don't know why women do that. Do they really think a guy with sex on his mind is going to tell her anything other than she looks great? I told her she looked so sexy in an elegant way. I grabbed some fruit out of the fridge that I had cut up to munch on the drive along with some fruit juice. In a matter of just a few minutes we were out of town and on the interstate on our way to find out what party houses are all about.

We made some small talk during the first part of the trip but after a few minutes we both settled into our own thoughts. Other than her sexy attire Linda gave no indication of any interest in any sexual activity that night. As we drove she had settled back in her seat staring out the passenger side widow lost in thought. 

As we neared our destination I pulled out the directions I had be given. They led us to our destination with no problem what so ever. As we found a parking place Linda checked her reflection in the mirror of her sun visor. She proceeded to freshen up her makeup along with making sure her hair was just right. 

We walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell. We arrived a little early, about 7PM so that we would have a chance to meet the proprietors and check the place out before most of the partiers showed up. Within just a few seconds we were met by Carol. She greeted us and seemed genuinely happy to see us. We exchanged greetings and were welcomed to their party. There were two of the regular couples there and they were helping Bob, the male half running the party, set things up for the night. 

Carol gave us a tour of the house explaining each area along with what we could expect in each area. She took a moment to address Linda saying that she understood that we had never been to a party like this before. She wanted to insure Linda that in this place there would be no pressure on her to do anything and that no meant no. This seemed to relax Linda a little as we continued to tour the house. 

Carol ended our tour in the kitchen area where she offered us coffee which we gladly accepted. As we sipped our coffee we chatted with Carol. A short time later Bob as well as the other couples entered the kitchen were Carol introduced them to us. 

I don't really know what I was expecting but we found everybody very open and friendly as well as being down to earth people. It was no secret that this was our first venture into something like this and everybody seemed to go out of their way to make us comfortable. We must have lounged around the kitchen chatting for the better part of an hour before the doorbell rang announcing the arrival of more partiers. 

Barbie, the female half of one of the regular couples, told Linda that she was going to go out to the living room area where it was a little more comfortable. Linda and I joined her in the living room we sat down on the couch where we checked out the decorations. Before she sat down Barbara turned on the TV and turned on some porn. As she sat down she told Linda that they always play a little porn on the TV as it helps in setting the mood. 

More and more couples were arriving over the next hour or so. A number of them greeted Barbie with hugs and kisses. She would then introduce each of them to us. There was a vast variety in the couples attending the party. Most were in their thirties and forties and most were very attractive. They all seemed very open and friendly as wells as being genuinely happy to meet us. 

Barbie seemed to sense that we were a little at a loss of where and how we wanted to proceed. She got up and asked Linda if she would like to check out some of the action. Linda said sure and stood to join Barbie as she led the way down the hallway toward the bedrooms. Not to be left out I joined them as they checked out the action going on in some of the rooms. We walked into the group room where a number of mattresses were laid out on the floor and found five or six couples naked on the mattresses engaged in a multitude of sexual acts. 

One sexy blond lady was standing bent over between two men. One was fucking her from behind while she was giving head to the other. Another woman was riding a guy and making no secret of the fact the she was enjoying his cock in her pussy. The sights, sounds and smells in the room were pure sex and I found it all very stimulating. I found the sight of the blond standing between the two guys to be a real turn on. The one that was fucking her was causing her large breast to sway from side to side with each thrust. 

As we stood and watched the action around the room Barbie glanced over to Linda then back to me with a smile said I think all this is turning Linda on just look how her nipples are sticking out. With that she reached out and ran a finger over the front of Linda's dress and her erect nipples. Linda laughed a little and said yes it is very stimulating that's for sure. 

Barbie looked at Linda then to me and asked if we would like to join her in the hot tub. Without hesitation Linda said yes that sounds like fun, Linda then asked me if I would mind getting our robes out of the car. Barbie and Linda proceeded to the hot tub as I went out to the car to get our robes. On returning I found Carol in the kitchen and paid our donation to the party before joining Barbie and Linda in the hot tub.

The hot tub was located in what had been the garage. The lighting was dimmed but you could still make out what was going on. Linda and Barbie were both in the tub when I arrived and were sitting on either side of a guy I didn't know. They were all three laughing, joking around and seemed to be having fun. I removed my clothes and joined them in the tub sitting on the far side of the tub from were Linda and Barbie where. Barbie introduced the guy they were sitting with as Dave an old friend of hers and a regular at these parties. Two other couples were also in the tub with us. They smiled and nodded their heads in greeting as I got into the tub. 

One couple was too engaged in their own thing to pay much attention to the rest of us. I watched the couple who were obviously getting into it for a few minutes when I heard the other young lady on the other end of the tub announce to the guy with her that she was too hot as she climbed out of the tub and sat on the side with her feet dangling in the tub. She was a beautiful blond in her twenties I would guess. She had those perfect perk young breasts that naturally stood out proud and tall on her chest. She was opening and closing her legs as she chatted with the guy she was with which was putting on quite a show for the rest of us.

About this time a guy entered the room and saw Barbie in the tub. "Hey, there you are," he greeted her. "I've been looking all over for you." 

He walked around the tub leaned over the edge and gave Barbie a deep kiss. "Hi Dave," she said, "I want you to meet Linda and her husband."

Dave waved a greeting toward me and greeted Linda by walking over to her and giving her a kiss. 'Glad to meet both of you,' he said, "but right now I've got a promise from Barbie that I have got to collect on. Maybe I can catch up with you guys later." He then walked back over to Barbie took her hand and led her out of the tub and back into the house. 

I went back to checking out the action going on in the tub. The couple that were about to get it on were getting up and getting out of the tub. The guy made no attempt of trying to conceal the fact that he had a hard on that was sticking straight up. They both dried off and left the room. The other couple followed their lead and also left the tub. 

My attention was brought back to Linda and Dave when I heard Dave let out a very soft moan. Linda was sitting beside him and looking over at him. I was going slow and letting Linda lead the way because I didn't want to get her into anything that she wasn't comfortable with. However the closer I looked at her and Dave, I noticed her right arm moving, making little waves in the water.

I realized she was jacking Dave off under the water. I saw Dave reach down with his left hand under the water. Linda moved a little and spread her legs, giving Dave access to her pussy. My cock sprang to life while I watched the two of them. Neither of them spoke as they stimulated each other under the water. After a few minutes of watching them I decided to give them a little privacy to see what would happen. I broke the silence by telling Linda I was going to the restroom and would be right back and ask her if she will be ok. She looked at me nodded and indicated she would be fine. I got out of the tub, dried off and left to find the restroom. 

As I returned, I killed a few minutes checking out the group room again before making my way back to the hot tub. I met Linda and Dave walking my way hand in hand. They both had a towel wrapped around them. Linda walked up to me took my hand gave me a kiss and invited me to play with her and Dave. 

We found a private area with a mattress on the floor. Linda took her towel off threw it on the floor then grabbed both Dave's and my towels and jerked them from our bodies. Dave and I were both standing there with our cocks standing straight up, hard and ready for action. I could see why Linda was attracted to him as he had a cock at least ten inches long and very thick. Linda walked up to me threw her arms around my neck and gave me a deep wet kiss. I eased a little to the side reached between her legs and ran my hand over her pussy. Feeling the wetness and heat coming from her pussy I slid a finger into her. She pulled her mouth from mine and said," I want to suck your cock while Dave fucks me from behind."

We melted onto the mattress. I was on my back as Linda knelt down beside me and sucked my cock into her mouth. Her ass was held high and inviting. David stood there for a moment and looked at me for my ok to proceed. I nodded my approval so Dave knelt behind her and eased between her legs. As he ran his cock over her pussy Linda reached back and guided him into her. 

Dave started a slow and rhythmic thrusting into her pussy. Linda lowered her mouth onto my cock as Dave's cock slid in and out of her. His pace steadily increased as he fucked Linda. As his pace picked up, Linda increased her ministrations my cock. Soon Dave was slamming his cock into her pussy causing her tits to sway from side to side with each thrust of his cock. Linda was soon lost in her own pleasure her breaths were coming in short gasps. She was kissing the head of my cock and stroking it as Dave brought her over the edge of her first orgasm. I saw Dave grab her hips and pull her into him as he thrust his cock as deep into her pussy as he could. I knew he was cumming deep inside her. I would guess it was the first squirt of cum to hit the back of her pussy that brought Linda over the edge and she screamed out her orgasm. 

As Dave slowly sank to the floor, his cock came out of her pussy with a plopping sound. From my vantage point I could see his cum mixed with her juices slowly running down the insides of her thighs. Linda leaned forward, removed my cock from her mouth and kissed me. As she did I rolled her over onto her back. After watching Dave fuck her and knowing how much being fucked by his big cock turned her on I needed to cum and to cum soon. I moved between her legs, spread them wide and lined my cock up at the entrance of her pussy. I thrust my hips forward and sank my eight inch cock all the way into her pussy. Linda let out a guttural moan and thrust her hips up to meet my assault on her pussy.

We were not making love we were fucking in the purest sense of the word. I was thrusting my hips like a jack hammer slamming my cock into her hard, fast and deep. Linda was meeting every one of my thrust with a thrust of her own. She would meet my cock being thrust into her by rolling her hips, raising her ass up and thrusting her hips forward to meet my thrusts. Her pussy was so full of Dave's cum that her pussy would splash out a combination of their juices every time my cock slid into her. As our pelvic areas slammed together they made a wet slapping sound. 

I knew at this pace I wasn't going to last too long. Neither of us cared because this was all about cumming. Dave leaned forward and started sucking Linda's breast as I was kneeling between her legs fucking her as hard as I could. She was holding his head with one hand and bracing herself with the other as she continued to thrust her hips up to imbed her pussy onto my cock. I felt my cock start to twitch and could feel my seed making its way up my cock. Her legs were straight up and being held there by my chest. I grabbed the front of her thighs pulling myself as deep into her as I could as I started to cum. I shot spurt after spurt of cum deep into her pussy. I seemed to be cumming more than I could ever remember cumming before. After I finished I collapsed beside her as I tried to catch my breath. 

As we were laying there Dave excused himself to go to the restroom as he left he said he would be right back. When he was gone I asked Linda if she was having fun to which she affirmed that she was having a great time. I told her that I had seen her jacking him off in the hot tub. 

Linda looked at me with a smile as she told me that she was just sitting there not really knowing what to expect when he took her hand and placed it on his cook. She could not help herself as his was one of the nicest cocks she had have ever seen. I knew she had fantasized about having a big cock. She told me she was stroking his cock when the next thing she knows he has a finger in her pussy. She decided then she wanted to fuck him.

About that time Dave came back into the room. He knelt down beside Linda and ran his hand over her breast. In reply Linda reached up and wrapped her hand around his cock stroking it lightly. Dave rose up on his knees and moved toward Linda's head. She rolled to her side and sucked the tip of his cock into her mouth. It was so large that she couldn't get much of it into her mouth but did her best with what she was able to handle. I rolled a nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I could tell that she wanted to take some time to enjoy what Dave had to offer her so I decided to give them a little private time. I whispered in her ear that I would be back later. I thought it wouldn't hurt to give her a little more time alone with her fantasy cock. 
