 Preface to our story.

Thank you to all who have given such great feed back to my newest series New Beginnings. Your emails were especially nice. I have a backlog of stories in my docs and submitted my afternoon with Sara, Part 3, before really finishing Part 2. Call it a sixties burnout that tried to drag then through the nineties, adult ADD, sexual nirvana whatever, I am back to finish my first experience with Steve and Sara set up by Ben. I hadn't even though where they story was going to go, but wanted to get this to my nice supporters, so I stripped naked, got some lube, watched some porn and well, here it is. I hope it is as well received as the others. 

I encourage you to read all in order with this as 2.1, but as they are really only my sexual fantasies/porn they probably stand alone. 

*

Back in Ben's loft we left our friends about to return the pleasure I had given to Ben, Sara and Steve. They were in a huddle deciding who was going to do what. The great part was all three were going to give it to me. 

Sara turned to me and asked me: "Favorite part, cock, mouth or ass?" Without thinking I quickly replied: "All three!"

"Enough of this planning and rules lets just return to Johnny some of the pleasure he gave us." Says Sara.

"John, get comfortable on the bed on your stomach." Directs Ben.

Excited to get going I reach the bed in a few steps. During the time lapse after pleasuring my new friends my cock had lost most of its tumescence.

It was early evening now and the only light was coming through Ben's wall of windows so he went around the loft lighting some of the many candles located around the bed, shortly the place was filled with the subtle scent of the candles and their glow. 

As I lay on the corner of the bed I saw Steve at my head, Sara at my side and Ben between my legs. They all started touching, stroking or caressing me, each in their own way. The varying intensity, length of caress and general difference between the three was very stimulating. Their touches while extremely arousing were more sensual that sexual.

At my head I could feel Steve very close, so close I felt him lift his soft cock to rest on the top of my head, that fucking beautiful cock was huge soft. Previously in my cock fantasies, the cock was always of average size, nothing extreme. Almost always uncut but about my size. I understood women or maybe even men being "size queens" but didn't think that would interest me.

Well my first cock was an uncut beauty of larger than average and within days had sucked a huge cut one and loved both. Still a little hung up on having the smallest cock in the room, I felt reassured knowing I had given quality pleasure to three people within minutes of each other. And now they were about to return that pleasure.

Back to their attention. Ben was working my legs up to my butt and Sara was doing my back down to my butt. Steve was concentrating on my shoulders and arms. I have had a few massages, most with some form of happy ending but this was well beyond that.

I was thinking that it would be nice if all of us were covered in oil and able to roll around together. I would have to suggest that to the group later.

As I was on the corner of the bed their movement was a little limited but it hardly mattered. Sara was kneeling on the bed itself and Steve at one end and Ben on the side. Being a wanton slut I had to have more and started exploring with my hands. I was touching anyone within reach. Noticing this they all made it easier for me. 

Sara sat on my hand and I loved feeling her hot, wet pussy running my fingers through her hair down to her clit, lips and slick opening. Ben placed his semi hard cock in my other hand so I could explore it and his balls.

Ben and Sara were now concentrating on my ass. Squeezing and spreading my cheeks, caressing my balls and running fingers through my ass crack and teasing my anus. This is a new erogenous area for me, long overlooked by previous lovers and knowing this Ben had extra incentive and Sara joining in really heightened my pleasure. Somehow Steve sensed my oral fixation and turning my head presented his cock to me. Still only semi hard I welcomed it into my mouth, sucking and licking the crown. 

For years I have felt that my primary sex organ was my mouth, preferring to eat a pussy that fuck one. Now that I have sucked cock and can freely lick an anus I firmly believe this.

I was now moaning with some frequency and grinding my crotch into the bed. Seeing this Sara suggest it is time to roll me over. Eagerly doing this I roll right over. Before I am settled, Steve cradling my head guides me farther up the bed so I am at the edge making it easier for him to present his cock to my mouth. 

Someone, Sara I think, takes my cock into their mouth down to the base and a hand continues to caress my balls, pulling them down stretching my sack.

Ben takes my ankles in his hands and lifts them to his shoulders and shifts from my balls to my anus. Wetting his fingers Ben starts pleasuring my anus. First circling it then gently penetrating bit with a finger tip. Then I feel his hot breath on my anus and finally his hot tongue. He is slathering spit all over my anus and relaxing I can feel him pushing it into me.

Sara now sees my balls unattended and adds them to her work. Sensing her pussy is out of reach she shifts so it once again falls onto my hand. 

Steve's' cock is very hard now making it awkward for me to get a mouthful. Knowing I can't get half of it into my mouth at best, I still want as much as I can get. Steve shifts to the side of the bed so I can turn my head and suck more of him in and he guides his big nut sack to my hand. Slowly but firmly Steve fucks my mouth ever aware of my depth limitations. 

At the other end Ben lowers my leg nearest Sara to the bed, but holding the other up high rolls me to my side enough to drop down to rim me. This is some new level of heaven. A cock in my mouth, a mouth on my cock and a tongue in my ass. Working separately they sense my heightened level of pleasure and working together start bringing me to climax.

Speeding up his face fucking Steve asks: "How close are you and where do you want my cum?"

Moving just enough to speak I tell everyone I am very close and want Steve to cum right where he is. 

Ben now has his lips surround and press hard to my anus and makes love to it with his tongue. Steve is giving me all I can handle and Sara is sucking me madly and I have spit running down my balls so copiously that Ben must be sucking it in.

Powerfully I feel it start in my anus, it is like a bolt of lightening and moves through my balls and up my cock into Sara's' mouth. Seeing this Steve with his great control lets loose shot after shot of hot cum into my mouth and down my throat. I can't match Steve's' explosive gift but know I am giving Sara all I have. It seems to last forever and time appears to stop. I am overwhelmed, my cock is shooting, I am sucking, my hands are full of juicy pussy and hot pulsing balls and ass is being treated as an equal part of the beast that is my newly and fully explored sexuality. 

Sensing that I am completely fucked my lovers pull back. A cock slides from my mouth, mine from another hot mouth and my ass is given one last long wet lick. 

Smiling Ben says: "Welcome to our group."