 "Did you have a good birthday on Friday, Tom?"

It was a simple enough question that my friend Gary asked that day as I walked into church. "Nah." I answered truthfully. "Didn't really do anything. Not even dinner out with the family. Just didn't feel up to it. It was either do something big for #45, or just let it go, like most birthdays."

Now it hadn't been a bad birthday, just not good. After I turned 40, also without much fanfare, I started thinking about what I'd like to do when I hit 4-5. Being more on the introverted side, I wasn't inclined towards giant parties or expensive gifts. But the ideas did turn towards the unconventional, like inviting a few select friends to join us at a nudist resort, or at a clothing-optional beach, for example. Maybe something erotic along the lines of trying out something new in the bedroom, or making use of the fancy new camera. Things like that.

My wife, Taryn, really wasn't aware of my specific desires. She was, for the most part, happy to participate in naturist outings that I had planned over the years, but never found the same level of peace and contentment that I did when naked. Bedroom activity was not as frequent or varied as I would have preferred, but no real complaints: when she gets going, it's fantastic.

She does have some body-image issues, especially about her tummy. But what do you expect after two C-section births? It just meant that her pussy was still tight; I'll take that trade-off. Otherwise, I still see her as the beautiful freshman co-ed I fell in love with 25 years ago. Long dark hair, about 5'5", nice legs, and an ass to die for. Breasts are perfectly proportional for her size, with highly sensitive nipples and a normal droop for a mother her age.

"Sorry we haven't responded to your invitation yet. I was out of town much of this week." Gary stated as we walked over to sit on an outdoor bench after the service. The second thing you notice about Gary is that he is muscular, probably around 6'2", just slightly taller than me. His blonde hair betrays a Scandinavian heritage. Only a year older, he is also much like me in personality, a bit on the quiet side in social situations. We need to get to know people pretty well before opening up.

However, the first thing people normally notice about Gary is the woman by his side, Gina, the love of his life. Now Gina thrives around people, and almost always has a smile on her face, which goes well with her southern California-girl attitude. She also is brunette, a somewhat lighter shade of brown compared to Taryn, and kept slightly shorter around her shoulders. Just a couple of inches taller than my lady, with medium-sized breasts and curves in all the right places. They had joined the church around the same time we did, though it took some time for us to connect and become friends.

"It's fine, I know you guys will get back to me. With a couple of teenagers apiece, we all have crazy family schedules to deal with."

"We really do want to come over and hang out with you and Taryn again soon." Gina said as she sat down next to me and casually laid a hand on my leg. I didn't doubt that she was sincere. And when she said "hang out," she meant it. Over the past couple of years they had become regular dinner guests, and our best friends, while often joining us in our hot tub au natural for some wonderful evenings of conversation.

After a bit more chatting, Taryn arrived from her morning teaching duties and we went home to finish off a boring birthday weekend.

I was pretty grumpy over the next week as I stewed over the crappy birthday I'd had. Finally, Saturday night during some post-sex pillow talk, I came clean about my frustrations.

"Honey, I'm sorry that I've been upset for no apparent reason recently. I'm still thinking about not having done anything for my birthday."

"Mmmmm." she said a bit sleepily. "What had you wanted to do."

"I'm not sure you're going to like it very much."

Reaching down to fondle my flaccid penis, she simply said "Try me."

"Well, we've talked about this before. For a few years now, I've been trying to get you to dress sexier. Show off a bit more. There was a time when you enjoyed that. I think it would be fun to take that one step further. The next time Gary and Gina come over, I want you to try making Gary get a hard-on. You know, give him a big hug when they arrive and grind a little. Sit up on the edge of the tub to cool off and spread your legs a bit. Bend over in front of him. Make a show of dropping your robe and drying off when leaving the tub. Use your imagination, but get him turned on."

The silence was deafening, but my dick and testicles were being squeezed pretty hard. "I'll think about it." she whispered, before turning over and going to sleep. I took awhile to get to sleep, though, with so many fantasies running around in my head.

It was another couple of weeks before our schedules aligned, but eventually a dinner date was arranged for a Saturday night that all of the kids were at a church lock-in. Gina came in, set a bottle of wine on the kitchen counter and immediately gave me a big hug in greeting. I hadn't said anything to Taryn about my birthday fantasy since that night in bed, so when I looked over to see her giving Gary a tight hug followed by a kiss on the cheek, my heart started pounding. What might tonight bring?

I don't even remember what we had for dinner that night. But Taryn was keeping up with the rest of us in wine consumption, a rarity. Before long I heard "Go get that tub ready." from her. Our guests heartily agreed, so I headed into the back yard to open and prep the tub, and set up the wine.

When I turned to walk back from the gazebo, the light in our spare room came on as Gary and Gina entered to change into the robes we had set out earlier. Facing the back yard with no neighbors close by, the windows only have thin gauze drapes, which are easily seen through. My heart started racing as I quietly approached the window, staying in the shadows.

They both quickly undressed and before Gary could put on his robe, Gina spoke to him, obviously instructing him to lay on the bed. She then knelt on the bed between his legs and started stroking his dick. Not a gentle hand-job either, but fast and furious. As soon as it was hard she changed positions. moving to the side towards the window. My view was a bit obstructed, although in the dresser mirror I could see that she had engulfed his thick penis in her mouth, and was bobbing up and down on it. But my focus was not on that. Rather, it was on the firm buns pointed right at me, pussy lips visible between her slightly spread legs.

Gary moved a hand over her cunt, gently inserting a finger. Before he could do much more, Gina rose up on her knees and got off the bed. They both looked at the bedside clock, obviously realizing that they couldn't take too long "changing" and started to reach for their robes.

I hurried back into the kitchen, hiding my erection as much as possible from Taryn, who was putting things into the dishwasher. "You go change, too. I'm almost done cleaning up."

By quickly changing in the bathroom, I got to the back door at the same time as our friends, joining them to walk back to the tub. There are clothing and towel hooks on the gazebo walls near the entrance as well as some off to the side, so I walked towards the hooks along the side to hang my robe. Turning just in time towards the other hooks, I watched as Gina, half facing me, untied and opened her robe, showing me her cleavage and a side view of her left breast.

"Oh, I have been looking forward to this for months!" she sighed.

Gary, standing behind, took hold of the collar and spread the robe back across her shoulders to lower it off her arms. I love that moment when all is revealed. When my eyes raised up I saw Gina's blue eyes on me, and then a smile when she noticed my dick twitch in response.

"Looks like you've been looking forward to it as well, huh?"

"Gina, I always look forward to hanging out with you!" I replied.

I quickly swung my legs over the side of the tub and took a seat next to the steps where Gary was climbing in. He crossed to the far end, and the deepest seat, with a view back towards where Gina was now climbing in. I had an excellent view of her shaved pussy and landing strip as she stepped over to the interior step and down into the tub.

Gina moved towards the lounger across and to my left, breasts jiggling nicely and tush right at eye level. If Gary noticed where my eyes were focused, he didn't say anything.

Behind me I heard the house door close, and Gary in turn tracked Taryn's progress to the gazebo. Both of our guests watched as my wife arrived. "Nice and steamy out here tonight! How's the temperature, Gary?"

"Just fine. I'm feeling the heat. Already getting relaxed."

I could hear the robe coming off behind me, followed by Taryn moving up onto the first step. I glanced up, the same place Gary and Gina were looking. My wife had her arms up over her head putting in a hair scrunchy to keep it out of the water, and her nipples were as hard as I'd ever seen them. Then as she stepped over the side I noticed that she had also shaved! Her pubic hair is usually trimmed short, but she doesn't like stubble growing back, and is a bit nervous about waxing, so rarely goes totally smooth.

"Ooo ooo ah, that is hot!" she exclaimed as she put her foot down to the bottom. Turning around, she continued "Here, let me get some jets going." Now, there are jet controls inside the tub area that Gary could have reached, but Taryn knelt on the step and reached back to use the outside controls. This had the effect of raising her tight little ass into the air, pointed right at Gary.

He most definitely noticed, and I thought that I caught some movement from his dick underwater before the jets disturbed the view. Gina was drinking some wine, but I was certain that she hadn't missed it either.

As Taryn took her seat between Gary and I, she casually reached over and gave a quick tug on my also-hardening cock, winking at me as she did.

"Ooooohhhh, this feels SO good tonight! We just love hanging out with you guys." Gina said as she leaned back and twisted the knob on the side of the tub to activate the back massage jets in the lounge seat. Her breasts rose so that her nipples were just below the waterline, and they were very stiff.

That wasn't all that was stiff. The little show put on by Taryn had worked: Gary had an erection under water. That meant that my wife had horny men on both sides of her, and apparently a plan for the night. I smiled a bit and leaned back into my own seat, stretching my legs out until my feet just brushed Gina's legs, where I left them in contact, since she didn't pull away in the slightest.

"Let's set these lights to rotate colors." Taryn said, leaning across Gary to reach the in-tub controls, rather than just asking him to do it. Of course, that brought her right breast into full contact with his chest. When she settled back into her seat, her right hand remained on Gary's left leg, while her left hand settled onto my right leg.

The conversation moved from one topic to another as we caught each other up on our lives. In public settings Gina often carries the conversation, but as usually happens with our group, everybody contributed their thoughts and took time to listen. Wine was being consumed freely, and Taryn was regularly moving around and bumping into both of the men.

After probably 15 minutes, Gina slid up to sit on the hump of the lounger. "Whew, starting to get a bit overheated!" This move brought her bare breasts and erect nipples within dark silver-dollar-sized areolas well into view from my position.

Before long, I noticed Gina spreading her legs, and her eyes closing a bit. The foot jet at the end of the lounger was working some magic on her. Taryn also noticed. "Feels nice, doesn't it, Gina?" she asked.

"It certainly does! I could stay like this all night."

"That's not the best jet for a pleasure massage though. Tom, turn the lever to change jets."

After I did so, the main footwell jet came on, and Taryn took charge. "Ok, all of you sit up on the corners of the tub. I need some room." As soon as we were all up in our respective corners, she reached under the water and adjusted the jet nozzle to point more towards the surface and slipped her butt into the footwell, putting her feet up on the lounger and her hands behind her for support.

My cock was already filling in anticipation of what was to come, and being up on the side of the tub there was no water to hide my reaction. "Oh, yea... that hits the spot" she moaned, a big smile on her face.

We all watched as Taryn slowly shifted forward and back, up and down, moving her body so the jet played against her pussy in different ways. Her eyes were closed, and I could tell she was getting into a zone. Suddenly she pushed herself up into the seat behind her. "Whew, that's enough for now. Anyone else want to take a turn?"

"Hell yea!" Gina quickly said, "Let's trade places." I glanced over at Tom, who was gently stroking himself. I was about to do the same, but Taryn swooped in and enveloped my dick for two quick sucks before making room for Gina to move past.

A bit stunned at this, I barely managed to remember to turn the jets to the footwell off while she settled into place, then flipped it back on, sending a sudden hard jet of water between her legs.

"Ohmygod!" was all she could say as she pushed herself down closer to the nozzle. Her eyes narrowed, and she licked her lips while moving around on the bubbling water. "I can't believe, in all the times we've been in your tub, that I hadn't discovered this before."

Well," I said, "that jet is not usually on because of what combinations work best in the seats for four people." Her eyes turned towards me as I spoke, and focused on the slow pumping taking place well below my eyes.

Now in all this time, Gary had not said a word. He was just watching, mesmerized by the girls getting off on the pounding jet. I don't think he even realized how long he had been playing with himself. But Taryn, sitting directly across the tub from him while Gina was enjoying herself, could hardly take her eyes off of his fist motions. 

I stopped all of the jets, making it much quieter. "Ok, Gina, times up. My turn. I like that jet also."

"As long as I can have another turn later!" she stated while standing up and turning towards me. As I slipped down into the corner seat, my face was again level with her pussy, and this time her labia were slightly spread, exposing a bit of pinkness.

"Taryn, let me sit over there closer to my wine," Gina asked, and when they changed positions she was in my forward vision from the footwell. Gary slid towards her from his right corner, allowing her a quick couple of tugs on his stiff dick once he was in range. I assumed the position of honor and asked Taryn to turn the jets back on.

"The water actually comes up and jostles my balls around, more than it hits my penis." I explained, directing my comment towards Gary. "But the best part," I continued as I eased myself up and forward, "is when it's pounding against my asshole."

I closed my eyes briefly, but then looked up towards Gina. She was watching me, but also had a hand between her legs, rubbing slowly. A gentle kick against my arm from the other side drew my attention to Taryn, who to my great pleasure was doing the same thing.

Afraid that I would cum right there, I only stayed for about two minutes before moving back into the seat and took a big breath. "Wow, having an audience is a bit intense! Ok, Gary, your turn. Give it a try."

I traded places with him, moving up to my right and onto the corner of the tub. The girls had taken the opportunity to drink a bit more wine, and then they both moved directly in front of Gary as he settled in and started experimenting with positions of the jet on his balls and ass.

I resumed slowly stroking my dick as the girls hands went back to work on their own pussies, then gripped my rod even tighter when I saw one of Taryn's fingers dip into her slippery hole. When Gina started thrumming on her clit my breath became quite ragged and I started feeling a bit lightheaded. Everybody seemed to have gone into their own little worlds.

Gary couldn't take much more of that view than I had been able to, and soon also moved off the jet and sat up on the side of the tub. "That felt wonderful, but you beautiful ladies are just too distracting!" he said into the sudden silence as I turned off the jets completely.

My wife locked eyes with me, a look of pure lust on her face, then turned to my friend. "Gary, I want to see you cum!" she said in a low growl. To help, she turned towards him, spread her lips, and started stroking her engorged pink slit.

Not to be outdone, Gina turned my way and raised one leg up on the edge of the tub, mimicking what my wife was doing next to her. "C'mon Tom, take a good look." she purred, spreading her legs wide and plunging two fingers deep into her slippery, bare, pussy. By the time she had moved her other hand up to play with her nipples, I was stroking away, with plenty of pre-cum lubricating my reddened penis, so hard it was almost hurting.

A quick glance across the tub showed me that, though they weren't touching, Gary had leaned halfway across the water to get a better view, while handling his thick rod with determined strokes. Taryn was trying to watch him, but kept having to close her eyes as her orgasm approached.

Taryn was the first the go over the edge, with a quick panting "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, YES, YES, YES!!!!!!" and body spasms that made her put both hands on the tub to hold herself steady.

Her thrashing helped to send Gina into her own orgasm, signalled by a deep, guttural, moan while she watched the first spurts from my purple head launch towards her, the milky cum landing on her thighs. She pressed her fingers deeper inside while stabilizing herself with the other as a shiver ran over her entire body.

A similar moan came from Gary, and though I was a bit woozy, I saw that he had just sent a geyser onto Taryn's heaving tits.

We all slowly sank back down into the warm water. The only sounds for the next few minutes were the wind gently blowing through the bushes and the breathing of four friends contemplating what might come next.

"Damn." my wife, Taryn, said, finally breaking the silence in the hot tub, "That really was amazing."

Her obvious comment was met by smiles not only from myself, but from our best friends as well. Everyone was still a little out of breath from the four-way exhibition and masturbation session we had just finished.

Gina leaned over and kissed her husband tenderly, whispering "I so agree!"

"I don't want the party to end, but do need to get out of the water. Can we move inside and I'll get a fire going?" I asked.

That immediately drew a typical dry-wit response from Gary. "Uh, Tom? I think the fire has already been lit."

We all laughed, but rose and started climbing out of the tub, steam rising from our naked bodies. It was pretty cold, so everyone pretty quickly dried off and donned robes before gathering our wine glasses, and empty bottles, and heading for the house.

I went straight for the family room and started building a fire. Taryn joined me after a couple of minutes and began pulling out candles, pillows, and extra blankets.

"Thinking about continuing the evening's sexcapades, hun?"

"I certainly hope so. That was so incredibly hot. I had no idea how into it I would be. Gina and Gary are talking in the kitchen and opening some more wine, so we'll see."

By the time the fire was established and wood piled on so it didn't need further monitoring, the whole group was snugly settled onto the big couch, with the girls in the center, and the trivial chattering related to people moving around had died down. We had never once had an awkward silence in all our years of friendship. Tonight was no different. It was a warm, comfortable, silence.
