 I've written stories in the past that share similar themes as the tale told here. This is a factual account of the most daring and exciting sex my wife and I ever experienced. It will become clear why it influenced so many of my stories. Naturally, I've attempted to enhance things a bit for better reading, but the core of the story is true. We all know that reality has many awkward moments, and this relationship was no exception. I didn't shy away from the guy-on-guy experimenting that can happen in this type of arrangement...so walk away now, if that's not something you can handle. I apologize to anyone who follows my work if you find some aspects repetitive. 

+++++++ 

I love cars. In particular, older vehicles that have no computers and are relatively simple to work on. I currently have two British vehicles and a truck that provide me with enough projects to occupy weekends and time away from work. None of them are fancy or expensive, just good greasy fun. My wife, however, is not fond of how much space my projects occupy in the garage. 

It didn't take long to learn that storage for vehicles is expensive, and rarely affords the opportunity to do any work on-site. In a stroke of blind luck, I found a very small house in an older neighborhood that had a fairly large garage. The mortgage was actually cheaper than storage fees, and it was only two miles from my home. Some might see the area as a little run-down, but it's actually just older homes occupied by elderly couples and young families. There's no problem with crime...just hard-working folk doing their thing. Some houses might need a paint job, but nearly everyone takes care of what they have, and neighbors seem to look out for each other. 

My next-door neighbor, Tammy, is a good soul who decided I must be OK, since I maintain the house and mow the yard. She is the eyes and ears of the neighborhood, and a good person to have on your side. Since I don't live in the house, or rent it out, it's been good to know that someone like her keeps an eye on things. 

After about a month of my being there on various evenings and weekends, I met Tammy's teenage son who came by to offer mowing the yard for some spending money. Cory was a good kid, but tried too hard to seem like a tough-guy around his peers. Tammy mainly raised him alone, and described Cory's father as a decent guy who was supportive, but struggled with alcohol, and visited on weekends. She did a good job, as Cory was always polite and did his work without prodding. 

Eventually, Cory started asking about the cars, and became a great set of helping hands. For about three years, he would come walking over whenever he saw me in the garage. My wife, Mindy, really took to him and managed to crack the tough-guy persona that didn't suit him at all. Since we didn't have kids of our own, Mindy often joked that it was nice to have kid we could borrow, and then give back when he became a pain-in-the-ass. 

Only once, did Cory ever piss me off. I had to leave to get a part on the other side of town, and asked Cory to clean things up until I got back. When I returned about an hour later, he came out of the house with a look on his face like he'd been caught with his hand in the cookie-jar. I didn't care if he went in the house to use the bathroom, so I didn't think much of it. Later, when I was closing things up to go back home, I noticed the DVD player was on in the living room. We had the place equipped as a guesthouse, and sometimes found it useful during family gatherings, but no one had stayed there for months. Remembering what it was like to be a curious teenager, I felt a pit in my stomach as I thought about the box in the bedroom closet. Taking the box down from the top shelf, it was obvious someone had disturbed the contents. If the DVD's in the box had been typical porn, I might have thought it was funny. But Mindy and I were friends with a special couple who introduced us to swinging. They moved away, and we keep in touch, but Mindy and me haven't been interested in finding other partners. The videos were gifts they'd given us, and featured fearless, anything-goes activity. The box had gotten there by accident, and I kept forgetting to take it home. I'm sure the kid got an eyeful, if not a need for therapy. 

I wanted to just let it go, but I also feared being the topic of gossip with his buddies. Cory avoided me for a few days, but I caught-up with him while he was mowing the yard. "We need to talk. What you did wasn't cool." I said bluntly. 

"I...I'm sorry, man...whatever it was." Cory stammered, trying to look like he didn't know what I was talking about. 

"Everybody has their thing, and Mindy and I have ours. That was some very private shit, and I don't want some punk telling all his buddies what perverts his neighbors are." 

We both stood in the back yard, staring at each other. I honestly thought the kid might cry as he gripped the handle of the lawnmower tightly. Good thing his Mother wasn't home. 

"Never, man...I'd never want to hurt you guys." A tear ran down his cheek, even as he fought to hold it back. 

"Mindy would die if she knew you'd seen that shit!" My whole body trembled with nervousness and anger. 

"I'm sorry...I really blew it...I'm so sorry." His lip quivering as he spoke. 

"Just...fucking finish the yard. I need to step back and cool off." I said, with my fists clenched while walking back to the house. 

Thirty minutes later I heard the mower shut-off. There is a small breezeway that connects the house and garage, and I saw him sitting on the floor with his head between his knees. The only thing cold in the 'fridge was beer, so I grabbed two and went out to the breezeway, and sat on the floor next to him. Cory was seventeen, and I hesitated to give him beer and make things worse...but I was also struggling with what to say or do. 

"This is more mature conversation than I think either of us is ready for." I said, pressing the cold can of beer against his hand. "Tell your Mom I gave you this, and I'll kill you." 

"I don't think you guys are sick. Really, I don't." Cory nervously drank the beer, wiping tears from his face. "Anyway...I've already given you a good reason to kill me." 

"OK...good to know the kid that's jerking-off in my house doesn't think I'm a pervert." I chuckled sarcastically, trying to lighten the mood. 

Cory choked and coughed as beer shot out his nose. "Um...yeah...that's harsh." 

"Well...what do we do now, Cory? You know way more about my wife and me than I'm comfortable with." 

"Please don't tell Mindy. I promise, man...this will be a secret I keep 'til I die!" 

"Oh there's no way in hell I'm going to tell Mindy! Look...I think we're going to be OK...but it might take me a while to trust you again. I'm feeling pretty badly burned." 

"I get it, man. I completely, totally, get it. I want so much to make this up to you. I'll even do the yard for free." 

"Oh you bet your ass you're doing it for free! Well...at least the next four times. I'm not a completely cheap bastard." I smiled, and extended my hand towards his. "We'll shake hands on a gentleman's agreement." 

Cory shook my hand with a firm grip the conveyed how seriously he took the situation. 

"Look, Cory...we're both guys and it's not like I never dug around for my old man's porn. If all you saw was an old copy of Playboy, I'd be cool with it. I just want you to understand how major this is for Mindy and me." 

The topic was never brought up again. 

++++++++ 

Not long after graduating high school, Cory joined the Marines, and we saw him on rare occasions over the next four years. Tammy told us that the military turned out as a good fit for him, and she was thrilled with the direction Cory was headed. After returning from his tour in Afghanistan, Cory was living in South Carolina and came home only for major holidays. 

This year, however, his older sister was getting married and he was home for the ceremony. With all the cars parked next door, it was clear that Tammy had a house full of guests. I offered our place as a way of thinning-out the crowd, but Tammy seemed to be thriving on the chaos. Cory must have been just on the other side of door when Tammy and I were talking under her carport. 

"Oh...hey...Mom...if nothing else, I could stay at Brian and Mindy's place." Cory said, stepping out the front door and onto the driveway. "Then you can put Cousin Sarah's kids in one room." 

"Oh, well...I guess I could live with that, since you know them so well." Tammy said, kissing him on the cheek. "I'd be sick if one of the kids broke anything over there." 

"Cory...it's really great to see you again. We'd be happy to have you use our place as a hideout" I said, reaching out to shake his hand. 

A kid could be heard squealing from the living room, and Tammy rolled her eyes. "I'm starting to think I should stay at your place." She said with a sigh and soft chuckle. 

I went back to the house and sent a text to Mindy, saying that we'd have an overnight guest for a few days. She offered to grab some beer and bring it over a few hours later. I gave Cory fair warning as he moved his luggage into the house, knowing that Mindy would bend his ears for hours trying to catch-up on what he'd been doing. 

Cory and I were bullshitting in the garage, looking over what was going to be a time-consuming water pump replacement on the truck, when Mindy pulled into the driveway. From the look in her eyes, I could tell she was surprised at Cory's physical transformation. He was always a good-looking kid, but now at twenty-three and with a muscled frame from his tenure with the Marines, Cory was genuinely handsome. 

"Oh my god...you look so different...and such a stud!" Mindy squealed, in her famously blunt manner, before giving Cory a big hug. 

"Um...well...thanks." Cory stammered, seeming slightly embarrassed at my wife's over-the-top greeting. "You look awesome as ever." 

Cory looked at me, as though he might have said something too personal, but I could have cared less. Mindy certainly did look awesome, and I knew that he had a mild crush on my wife as a teenager...or at least a crush on her excellent tits. I waved it off as no big deal. "Keep complimenting her...she loves that shit." 

As predicted, Mindy barely left him alone, asking all kinds of questions about the military and why he spent so much time in South Carolina. We learned that Cory had a serious girlfriend there, but eventually things didn't work out. They broke-up more than five months ago, but he had a life there, and enjoyed living in Greenville. After Mindy discovered he was single, I caught her looking at him with lustful stares. I knew my wife well enough to know that she was in heat for this well-built young man. 

It was getting late, and Cory had been back-and-forth to his Mother's house, greeting various family members as they dropped by. The three of us sat in our guest house, drinking more beer and wine, chatting about the wedding and how manic his sister had been about every little detail. We were all a little buzzed, and I was worried about driving even the short distance to our home. 

"Hey babe...we should let Cory get some sleep. How are you with driving home? I may have had a few too many." I asked, gathering the empty bottles and wine glasses. 

"Ooh...well...I'm feeling a little happy too. Not terrible, though...maybe give me an hour." 

"No, no, no...nobody needs to be driving." Cory said, helping me tidy-up. "I'm the guest here, and there are two bedrooms. Better idea if we all crashed here tonight." 

"Mmmm...handsome, and thoughtful. You know how to push all my buttons." Mindy said, kissing him on the cheek, and causing Cory to blush. 

"I think you're right...it's probably a better idea. Feel free to pick your room. They both have queen beds." I offered, walking toward the kitchen to drop the trash. 

I kept a few clothes in one of the rooms, so Cory took the other. After lying in bed for about an hour, Mindy pressed her chest against my back, and gently brushed the hair on my chest with her hand...slowly moving it down, and over the crotch of my boxer shorts. 

"We haven't talked about them for a while...but I really miss Tina and John. Don't you?" She whispered in my ear. 

"Of course I do...we shared some really great times with them." I said, rolling onto my back, and caressing her hair. "This isn't the best time for you to get horny, with a guest next door." 

"Oh...I don't know. You told me a long time ago, that he already knows how kinky we are." Mindy cooed, dragging a finger into the fly of my shorts. "I think he kept our secret. Maybe we even warped his impressionable young mind." 

"Yeah...well...I scared the shit out of him as a teenager, and he doesn't know that you know. We don't need to traumatize him any further." 

"I can't have any sugar tonight?" Mindy said with a fake pout. 

"You know how I love it when you're in these moods, but we should cool it down. I promise to make it up to you tomorrow." 

"Oh...ok...you're a party-pooper, but ok." She said, still snuggled against me with an arm over my chest. 

I'm not sure how much later it was, but I rolled over and found that Mindy wasn't in bed. I got up and stepped into the small hallway, to find my wife staring at Cory as he slept. 

"Mindy...what the hell are you doing? Did you open his door?" 

"I heard him muttering in his sleep. The door wasn't completely closed...I just pushed it open to see if he was alright." She said, wrapping her arm around my waist. "Isn't he just gorgeous to look at?" 

Without thinking, I glanced quickly into Cory's room. He was lying on his back, an arm over his eyes, and wearing only a pair of black boxer-briefs. His frame was athletic and muscular, with a "USMC" tattoo above his left bicep. I could understand why she found him attractive. 

"Being a peeping-tom is not a show of great manners." I said, just as Cory's legs twitched and he muttered something unintelligible. 

"I think you know I want to do more than stare." Mindy whispered, biting her lower lip. "I'm sorry, honey...it's not very nice of me to be carrying-on like this. I guess I'm just feeling a little nostalgic for the kind of excitement we had with Tina and John. Please don't think I'm unhappy with our lives together." 

I turned her around and kissed my wife deeply before taking her hand and guiding Mindy back to our bedroom. "Babe, I got over being jealous years ago. You know how I love seeing you with special friends. Cory is certainly your type. I understand why you'd fantasize about him. But let's face it; what we had with Tina and John is a very rare thing." 

"I know you're right." Mindy said with a deep sigh. "Still...I'd love to have the three of us sharing some naughty fun. Every now-and-then, a girl likes to be the center of attention." 

"Now you're wishing for something even more rare." I replied, pulling the covers over us as we returned to bed. "Getting two couples together is hard enough. Finding a guy confident enough to share a woman is harder still." 

"Judging from the hard thing pressing against my ass, I'd say you like the idea too." 

"Yeah, well...it will calm down soon enough, and you should too. I always liked watching you with John. He respected you, and our relationship...and so did Tina. We should just be happy that we had that experience, and move on." 

As horned as we both were, it took a while to drift asleep. I knew Mindy would be a handful the next day. 

+++++++++++ 

I woke-up the next morning to the smell of fresh coffee. Mindy was still sound asleep, so I put on my jeans and t-shirt and walked to the kitchen. Cory was opening a tube of refrigerated cinnamon rolls, standing at the counter in a pair of basketballs shorts and t-shirt. 

"Oh...hey...good morning. I thought I'd put my baking skills to work. I'm an expert at pre-packaged rolls. I went next door and stole these from Mom." Cory said with a smirk. 

"Thanks. Mindy will appreciate that. Did you sleep well?" 

"Sure did. I was buzzed just enough to put me out right away. The same for you guys?" 

"Well, sort of. Mindy was a little restless." I was nervous to say more about it, but knowing my wife, it was only fair to warn him. "I need to tell you something before she gets up, and potentially makes us both uncomfortable." 

"Uh...ok." Cory said with a quizzical look on his face. 

"Look...at some point over the past six years, I told her about the mishap with the hidden porn." 

"Oh...well...I'm still sorry about that. But it was kid stuff, you know...a fucked-up thing that I kept to myself." 

"I know...and we both appreciate how you handled it. The thing is...she confessed to me last night that you've been a fantasy of hers for a while now. Mindy's not known for restraint or subtlety when there's something she wants." 

Cory stared at me for a few seconds, not sure of what to say. "I swear, man...I never came onto her or anything." 

"Relax...I know that." I said with relaxed laughter. "I'll be straight-up with you. You already know that we have some very different interests when it comes to sex. Mindy sometimes fails to realize that ninety-nine percent of the world doesn't see it the way we do." 

"Um...hey...everybody's got their thing. You won't get any judgment from me." 

"Well...don't be surprised if she tries to come onto you. Telling her "no" isn't a problem...just be kind about it...unless of course, you want to tell her something else. That's up to you." 

It was obvious that Cory was collecting his thoughts, and there was more I wanted to tell him, but our attention was cut-short as Mindy entered the room. Even with slightly disheveled hair, she still looked enticing, wearing only a pair of lace panties and one of my over-sized t-shirts. From the moment she poured herself a cup of coffee and gently rubbed Cory's back, it was clear my wife was in full flirtation mode. Mindy couldn't seem to take her eyes off our young guest as he took the pan of rolls from the oven. Cory tried not to focus on her bosom while squeezing the tube of icing over the warm rolls. 

"Mmm...warm, creamy white stuff is my favorite kind of treat." Mindy said, dabbing her finger into the icing while taking a seat on my lap. 

"It seems you're starting the day in a special mood." I said, wrapping one arm across her chest and gently flicking an already-hard nipple. "I was trying to warn Cory that you might be like this." 

"Can you blame a girl? You're both solid pieces of eye-candy. I'll admit it...even when he was a pimple-faced kid, I thought he was hot. But as a mature, completely legal, and currently single young man, he's irresistible." 

Cory blushed a deep shade of red as he watched my wife seductively lick the trail of white icing off her fingers. He clearly had no idea what to say. 

"It's not very nice to tease someone who most likely isn't into our kind of fun." I offered, while nibbling on her earlobe. 

"Brian and I never do anything apart. Have you ever shared adult fun with more than one person, or ever watched another couple?" 

"Uh...no...I never have." The nervousness in Cory's voice was obvious. 

"Does the growth in your shorts mean you think it could be fun?" Mindy asked in a sultry tease. "Looks to me like you could be our kind of "friend with benefits"". 

"Oh shit...I'm sorry" Cory stammered, dropping his hands to cover his crotch and looking toward me with guilt covering his face. 

"No need to be embarrassed, that's obviously the result our naughty girl was going for." I replied, running a hand up her shirt and kneading Mindy's breasts. "I think the least she could do is give you a blow-job for embarrassing you this way. Could you enjoy that with someone watching? I think you know that's kind of our thing." 
