 The following month, Karyn and Joe headed out for another weekend camping trip. A few hours later, a new RV, this one was huge, moved in next door. The couple seemed to struggle getting settled, Karyn and Joe went over to lend them a hand. They were a couple in their late 20's and this was their first trip with the RV. Joe ended up backing it in for them and helping Rob with the connections. Karyn helped Sarah set up inside once the slide outs were set. Rob and Sarah were very appreciative and offered a steak dinner for the help. 

After dinner, Rob and Sarah shared a bottle of wine around the camp fire. This was their first time at this camp and they asked many questions about the park. Karyn kept looking at Joe with a goofy grin on her face. Joe took it as a dare to tell them the truth. His opportunity came soon enough.

Sarah asked about the beach. Karyn mentioned the private little beach and Sarah said, "how private?" Joe stepped in at that point and told them it was so private, he and Karyn were able to rip each other's clothes off for a romp, Karyn grinned again. Rob started, "no way! You mean someone your age actually..." 

"Rob!" Sarah yelled, "you're insulting our guests."

"It's OK you two," Joe responded with a laugh. "Yes, we geezers still have sex."

Rob apologized, but Joe decided to push a bit more. "In fact, that may have been our mildest adventure here."

The stunned look on their younger friend's faces was priceless. Karyn added, "no 'might have been' about it, it was definitely our tamest thrill." Everyone started laughing and any tension was broken. 

Karyn went on to explain, in general terms, about playing with Fred and Debbie. Sarah and Rob seemed spellbound, listening to the tale. When she was done, there was several minutes of silence. Finally, Sarah spoke up.

"How did you know, the first time, that swinging was something you both wanted?"

Rob quickly added, "we've actually been curious about it ever since we got married."

"Well," Karyn said, "it sounds like you've talked about it, that's the first step." 

"Assuming you have made the decision to start, I think whoever you choose also needs to understand that it is just sex. You are not looking for a relationship, you are just wanting to have sex and try something new," Joe added.

"Makes sense," Rob said.

"But what about jealousy?" Sarah asked.

"I think each person is different in how they deal with jealousy. Karyn wanting to have sex with another man is a turn on for me. I was worried at first that me having sex with another woman would upset her, but it turns out it turns her on too. You two need to figure that out." Joe replied.

"We mostly talked about adding another man because of my hang-up, but I worry that it's unfair on Rob. How do I know if I can handle it if he is with another woman?" Sarah asked.

"Which of you two brought up the topic of swapping partners?" Joe asked.

"I did," Sarah said smiling at Rob.

"Okay. Why do you want to swap partners?" 

"I guess because I want to feel another man inside me," Sarah said, her face turning bright red.

"No reason to be embarrassed. That was my reason too. I wanted to have another man touch me, caress me and pleasure me," Karyn said, easing Sarah's embarrassment. 

"What about you Rob? How do you feel about it?" Joe asked.

"It would be nice to be with someone different, but I don't know how I would feel about Sarah being with another man?" Rob replied.

"Let's see," Joe said standing up.

Walking around to the other side of the fire, Joe took Sarah's free hand and asked her to follow. Rob and Karyn were totally caught off guard and said nothing as Sarah stood up and followed. Joe took her into their RV and closed the door. Once inside, he took her into their bedroom. Rob turned back to face Karyn.

"What do you think they are going to do?" he asked.

"I have no idea," she said honestly. 

Rob looked back at the closed door. Karyn suddenly realized how aroused she was getting with all the sex talk. Once again, her husband in a room behind a closed door with another woman was proving arousing, especially since she did not know Joe's plans. After a few minutes, the door opened and Joe returned to the seat next to Karyn. Sarah followed shortly afterwards, but her hair looked a bit ruffled. 

"What did you guys do?" Rob asked me as Sarah sat back down.

"How did you feel?" Joe inquired.

"Surprised. Anxious. Jealous, I guess," Rob said, taking Sarah's hand in his.

"But you didn't try and stop us?" Joe asked.

Karyn was watching Sarah, and noticed that she was looking down at the table as if she wanted to avoid eye contact with everyone. 

"I guess not," Rob said looking at Sarah.

"How do you feel now?" Joe asked dropping a pair of black panties on the table.

Rob looked at the panties and then at Sarah. Sarah continued looking down at the table demurely. Karyn's mind was now in overdrive. How did Joe get her panties? What had the two of them, done? Why was my body tingling with excitement? She was horny as hell and barely able to mask it.

"What are you feeling?" Joe asked again.

"A bit shocked." Rob admitted

"Any arousal?" Joe pressed.

"Yes," Rob admitted.

"How do you feel knowing that I have seen Sarah naked from the waist down?" Joe continued.

"Jealous, but I also want to know what else happened." Rob said sheepishly.

"Do you really want to know?" Joe asked.

"Yes," Rob and Karyn said together.

Joe looked at Karyn with a big smile. 

"Sarah. Do you want to tell them?" Joe questioned.

Sarah looked up at Rob and then back to Joe, smiling at both of us said, "Nothing happened. Those are just an extra pair of my panties. We went into the room and chatted for a while, then he fetched a pair of panties from the cupboard and then we came back here."

"I think it is only fair that Rob and I see how you guys would react," Karyn said taking Rob's hand and leading him to the RV bedroom. After he closed the door, Karyn pulled him to her. For a moment the two just stared at one another, hesitant, then he bent forward and brushed his lips against Karyn's. His arms embraced her, and pulled her against him. Their tongues began to explore each other's mouths. Rob pressed his hardness against her. She was a puddle now, her breasts and pussy began to ache. She wanted him and was disappointed when he pulled away. 

"We should get back," he said.

"OK," she said, flustered. 

"So are you going to tell us what you two got up to?" Joe asked when the sat again.

"We kissed," Karyn replied sitting down.

"And how does that make you feel Sarah?" Joe asked.

"I feel alright. A little jealous, but okay." Sarah responded.

Rob sat down between Sarah and Joe, she placed a reassuring hand on his thigh and Rob covered it with his. Sarah's hand began moving up to the bulge in Rob's jeans and rested on it.

"It appears that Rob enjoyed it," Sarah said looking directly at Karyn. 

At this point, we did not know what the two of them were thinking. Sarah continued to look at Karyn, the next thing she said caught me totally off guard.

"Would you help me undress him please?" Sarah asked.

She didn't wait for a reply. Leaning over, she began kissing his neck and ear while reaching out and pulling Karyn's hand to the front of his shirt. Karyn began to unbutton Rob's shirt, working from the top down towards the bulge in his jeans. Once all his buttons were undone, she slid her hand inside his shirt and ran it over his smooth, young, hairless chest. She was reaching for a nipple, when he wrapped his arm around her, pulling her towards him. He was still kissing Sarah and his free hand had slid down to the front of her jeans. As he began unbuttoning her jeans, Karyn kissed him on the neck and then moved up to his left earlobe. It was soft and warm and as she began to nibble, he turned towards Karyn, breaking away from Sarah. As his earlobe slipped from between her lips, his mouth covered Karyn's. He pulled her tightly against him and slid his tongue deep inside her mouth. Their tongues collided. Joe could tell that Karyn's whole body was aching. She was no longer just horny, she was ravenous. She wanted Rob to rip off her clothes and fuck her, hard, right in front of his wife. She wanted Sarah to watch as he buried his hardness inside of Karyn. She wanted Sarah to watch as he fills Karyn's hot box with his cum. Then...

"I think we need to discuss how far we are wanting to let things go," Sarah said hurriedly.

Fuck! Really? Thought Karyn.

Reluctantly, Rob slid his tongue out from Karyn's mouth and as their lips parted. They remained in a one arm embrace.

"What do you have in mind?" he asked out of breath. 

"Well I don't want to get to a point where we are all about to have sex and one of us is not happy." Sarah explained.

"Why don't we try a dry run of sorts? We can kiss and touch but no clothes come off. If everyone is still happy after that, then we can discussing maybe taking things to the next level," Joe suggested

"Agreed!" Rob said readily.

"Karyn?" Joe asked.

"Me too," she said, but wishing she didn't have to go through this exercise. Was Sarah trying to find an excuse to put an end to this? Had she gotten cold feet? 

Joe could sense Karyn's frustration. Before Sarah could delay things any longer, he took her hand and turned her to face towards himself. Pulling her near, Joe moved in slowly and began to kiss Sarah. Just then Rob lifted Karyn's face to his and kissed her again. His warm hand slid beneath her top cupping her left breast. Karyn's breasts ached, her nipples were as hard as pencil erasers, and as his fingers found her left nipple, it felt as if she had been shocked. Joe was familiar with her nerve that must run from her nipples to her pussy, so he knew that as Rob's fingers caressed her nipple, her pussy was on fire. Karyn can nearly climax from nipple only stimulation, and Joe recognized the pace of her breathing and the way her body slumped. 

Joe saw Karyn's hand find its way down to Rob's crotch and saw how he flinched as she wrapped her fingers around his bulge. He released her nipple and moved his hand down her bra, stomach, and finally resting on her inner thigh. Joe could see her part her legs for him in the dim firelight, and Rob's hand make its way between her legs and cupped her crotch. Karyn let out a soft gasp. Rob's fingers began exploring Karyn's swollen lips, seeking out the clit. Joe knew there was no way she would want anything to stop him. Their mouths were devouring one another. Joe imagined her clit playing hide and seek with his fingers, but there was no hiding his throbbing cock. Karyn was stroking it through his jeans. 

By now, Sarah was straddling Joe, facing him and grinding herself against his crotch. Joe's arms were wrapped around her waist, holding her as he watched the other couple kiss. Knowing it was his wife, added an extra layer of arousal for Joe. 

The game of hide and seek was over. Joe could tell that Rob's fingers had finally found Karyn's clit and knew it wouldn't be long before she did something to break the rules that had been set. Just then, she released his cock, pulled her face away from his and removed his hand from between her legs.

"Excuse me," she said looking over at us. 

Sarah stopped her grinding and broke our embrace. She looked like someone who had just been caught doing something wrong.

"I don't know about you guys, but I am ready to discuss taking things further," Karyn said. "Is anyone wanting things to end? Does anyone feel too uncomfortable to continue?"

Everyone shook their heads. 

"So just to clarify that we are all on the same page. I want Rob to fuck me and Sarah do you want Joe to fuck you?" Karyn asked breathlessly.

Sarah looked over at Rob and said nodding, "Yes."

"Are you okay with that Rob?" she asked.

"Yes."

She already knew Joe's answer. 

"Are there any conditions that anyone would like us to adhere to, besides no means no?" Karyn asked.

"I think to be open, we should all remain in the same room when we are not with our spouses," Sarah added.

"Anything else?" Karyn was clearly impatient now.

They all looked at one another, agreeing, but no one offered to add anything else.

With nothing further to discuss, Karyn got down on the ground and knelt between Rob's legs. Running the palms of her hands along the seam of his jeans. She moved them up his inner thighs until they stopped at his button and zip. Unbuttoning his jeans, she pulled down his zipper, releasing his hardness, still restrained by his underwear. Grabbing his jeans at the hips, she began pulling them off. Rob lifted his hips to assist, pressing the bulge nearer Karyn's face. Leaning back, she removed his shoes and socks and then slid off his jeans and dropped them on top of his shoes. She pulled her top off over her head and dropped it on the pile. His eyes never left her. Reaching behind, he unhooked her bra, freeing those aching tits. 

"They are lovely," he said staring at her breasts.

After she removed her own pants, she returned between his legs and reaching forward, pulled his shirt back over his shoulders. As he sat forward, her hard nipples pressed against his chest. From Joe's viewpoint, he could see the wet spot on her panties growing. Pushing Rob back, Karyn ran her hands down his chest and hooking her fingers into the waistband of his underwear, lifted it over the tip of his cock. 

Finally! Karyn thought. As she slid Rob's underwear down his thighs, inch by inch, his cock was revealed, until it was finally free and standing fully erect. She didn't take her eyes off of it while she slid his underwear off, adding it to the pile of our clothes. It was smooth and beautiful, still fresh with youth. From the glistening glans, right down to the neatly trimmed pubic hair. He was probably just six inches long, but it was really thick. Karyn could see his swollen tip was already covered in precum and as she ran her tongue softly upwards along Rob's shaft, his cock began to twitch. Taking hold of it at the base with her right hand, Karyn's tongue continued its journey upwards towards the tip. Pulling his cock towards her, she slid the tip into her mouth. Rob's eyes were fixed on her, almost staring in disbelief that this hot MILF was about to suck his painfully hard cock. 

"Oh yes," Rob groaned, closing his eyes.

Karyn was able to get what looked like most of him inside her mouth. It was so thick, she could not open her mouth wide enough to take it all. Closing her lips around his shaft, she began running her tongue around his cock. Tasting him as his cock twitched between her lips. His eyes remained closed as she took him a little deeper down her throat. 

"Oh yes, yes, yes." 

Karyn readied herself for Rob to explode in her mouth. But it wasn't Rob crying out.

Karyn had been so consumed with Rob's cock that she had forgotten about Sarah and Joe. Keeping Rob's cock in her mouth, she looked over to see Sarah, naked from the waist down, sitting on the edge of the chair, leaning back, legs pulled up to her chest, while Joe was kneeling on the ground, licking her clit.

"I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Oh fuck! Yes, yes yes," Sarah gasped.

Sarah's legs shot straight out as her back arched upwards. Reaching between her legs, Sarah tried to push Joe's head away from between her legs, but he just replaced his tongue on her clit with his fingers, sliding two deep inside her. 

Rob was now watching Sarah being finger fucked. Karyn slipped her mouth off his cock, rose to her feet and removed her panties. Climbing on top of him, she guided the tip of his cock between her engorged lips, without letting him enter. She leaned forward and whispered in Rob's ear.

"I want you to fuck me, I want you to fill me with your thick cock and fuck me hard."

Rob groaned and pressed his hips upwards, he pressed his hot glans forward and began to stretch Karyn's pussy open. Karyn was so wet, the thick boner entered without a struggle. "Oh fuck!" she cried out as her pussy allowed this thick, foreign, cock to stretch it to its limits. While being much shorter than Fred's monster cock, Rob's girth stretched her to once again feeling full. Finally there was no more to take and he reached up and pulled her mouth down to him. Their mouths locked and began to devour one another again. Wrapping his arms under hers, he held Karyn tightly against him. Her tender breasts squashed against his chest. Then he began to fuck her. Karyn had wanted this for so long that was now overwhelmed with hot desire. She wanted him to do with her what he wanted. Her body had surrendered to his. His hips swung up and down, driving his cock in and out of her. 

Before long her pussy exploded into a massive orgasm. 

"Oh shit. Fuck! Fuck!" she cried out.

As her body bucked, Rob continued to fuck her. He was driving his cock in and out. When he let her go, she climbed off of him and Sarah and Joe could see her pussy involuntarily release a stream of hot liquid all over Rob. 

"That's incredible," he said.

Karyn was still cumming and with each convulsion, a stream of cum squirted from her pussy onto him. 

Getting off Rob, Karyn got onto her hands and knees facing Joe. 

"Come fuck me again," she said looking back at Rob.

Sarah and Joe were now completely naked with Sarah kneeling over Joe in a sixty-nine position sucking his cock, but when she heard Karyn tell Rob to come and fuck her again, she climbed off and got down on her hands and knees facing Karyn. Rob had already slid behind Karyn as Joe moved in behind Sarah. The tip of Rob's cock pressed between Karyn's throbbing, swollen pussy lips and this time he just drove it straight inside. It seemed as if an electric jolt started sending shocks right through Karyn's body. Then Rob began to fuck her. The tip of his cock slammed inside, completely stretching the walls of her slick, burning pussy. She had never been stretched so widely. She could no longer control herself.

"Fuck me harder," she begged.

Her body had lost control, with her tits bouncing all over the place.

"Drive deeper inside me," she panted.

"Don't stop fucking me until you have filled me with your cum."

From below, Joe heard, 'Yes Joe, fuck me, fuck me," Sarah cried, "I'm cumming, oh fuck, yes, I'm cumming."

Joe turned and watched Karyn cum hard once again. Her whole body exploded and bucked, but still Rob carried on fucking. His cock seemed to be all that was holding her up when Joe noticed him beginning to twitch. He let out a deep groan and his cock become a jack hammer, with one deep thrust smashing her cunt wide open and shooting his hot cum inside. Then again, and again he pumped, as Karyn collapsed on the ground, twitching as she was cumming again and again. She milked his cock dry, completely filling her with his cum until is poured out of her and down her thighs. 

When Rob pulled out, he joined Karyn on the ground while they lay there trying to catch their breath, spent. The sight of hot cum dribbling from his wife's hot cunt spurred Joe on with Sarah. Sarah, it turned out was able to cum easily. While Joe concentrated on watching Karyn's pleasure, he had no sense of urgency. Joe continued long, regular strokes into Sarah. By now, she had cum six or seven times, her body was becoming a rag doll. Spurred on by the periodic twitching of Karyn's legs and the huge pool of Rob's cum now around her on the floor, Joe flipped Sarah over on her back. 

Joe placed her legs on his shoulders, opening her up completely. While not as thick as Rob, Joe was longer, and he shoved his ready prick as deep inside as possible. Sarah gasped as Joe pressed past her cervix, deeper than she had ever felt a man in her. He paused briefly, Sarah breathed deep in anticipation. 
