 The night was hot, the music was loud, and through the fog I saw her body moving to the rhythm of the music. Her hair was the color of copper and it was long and flowing against her body as she swayed to the song. When she twirled around I saw that she was voluptuous and her skin was bronzed, probably from the Brazilian sun. I couldn't take my eyes off her, she was the most gorgeous woman I had ever seen. As I kept staring, I felt my body heat up. Could it be that I was sexually attracted to this woman? I couldn't avert my eyes, I kept watching her beautiful body move ever so magically around the dance floor. Then it happened, she caught me looking. Her eyes were captivating, even at a distance. I wondered for a moment what it would be like to gaze into them close up, maybe while in the heat of passion. What was I thinking? I didn't even know this woman and I was beginning to fantasize about her. I didn't have to wonder much longer. The music stopped and she walked over to my table. Her eyes were a deep caramel color and she looked at me with such an intensity I thought I was going to cum right there. 

"I saw you watching me dance, you want to learn to dance like me?"

I didn't know what to say. I had just been daydreaming about this woman and there she was speaking to me. "No, I was just watching. I don't really like to dance." 

"In this country dancing is as romantic as making love. If a man sees you dancing in such a way that he thinks he needs to make love to you, then you are a great dancer." 

"Oh, well, my boyfriend is over at the bar and I don't know if he is really into that kind of stuff."

"You have a boyfriend? Your eyes were telling me that you want something else..."

"Yes, he is the one in the blue shirt at the end of the bar. I was just thinking that I could never be that sexy while dancing. Sorry I was staring."

She leaned over and whispered in my ear. "You are a very beautiful woman. I want to make love to you and you aren't even dancing. What do you think the men in here are thinking?" 

I was stunned. This woman, a stranger to me, just told me she wanted to make love to me. "Thank you, but I told you before that I have a boyfriend. It is not that I am not attracted to you, I mean, you are gorgeous. If anyone denies that, they must be near death. Anyone with a sex drive would want to have sex with you." 

Oh God! What did I just say? That is what I get for drinking rum all night long. 

"Do you?"

"I, uh, well, I...yes, actually I do. I was watching you dance because you have such a sexy body and I didn't realize that I could be so attracted to woman. I have seen some films with attractive women, but I have never acted on any desire I may, or may not have had."

"Maybe now is the time to act on that desire. I own this club and my office is upstairs. Tell your boyfriend you have met a new friend and you are going to the bathroom."

I had no idea what I was doing. It was as if I was watching this scene play out on the television. I walked right over to the end of the bar and told Joe I was going to the bathroom. I followed her across the dance floor. I found myself watching the way her dress clung to her tight ass. If she was wearing underwear (I was almost positive she wasn't) it was barely there. Seriously, what was I doing? 

She led me up the stairs, down the hall and into her office. I stood there with my back to her and the door. I was so nervous that my palms were sweating. I heard the lock click and felt her hand on my arm. She came around in front of me, put her hand on the back of my head and slightly pulled my hair as she leaned in to kiss me. I felt the heat of her mouth on mine, the wetness of her tongue and I finally gave in. I kissed her back. I found myself relaxing with each passing second. She pulled my head back and told me that she loved the way my tongue moved with hers. I told her that I had never been with a woman and I was a little apprehensive. She told me that she would do the work and help me where I needed it. 

She took my hand and led me over to the couch. "Sit down." I sat. She turned on some music and came back over to the couch. She straddled me and we started making out once again. Her hands were on my breasts and I could feel my nipples hardening. She pulled down the straps on my dress and began sucking very tenderly on my nipples. It felt so good. I didn't want her to stop. As my dress fell down around my hips she started licking her way down my body. She grabbed my dress and pulled it the rest of the way off...now I was sitting back on her couch in only my underwear. As she began to kneel on the floor, she put her hands on my knees and spread my legs open. I knew what was coming next and I couldn't wait. Soon her mouth was going to be on my pussy and I didn't know if I could stand it any longer. 

Her fingers found their way to my panties and I could feel them against my clit. She continued rubbing my pussy and I was becoming more and more wet; I wanted her mouth on me so bad. She bit my panties and pulled them off of my body with her teeth. By this time I was so relaxed I thought I would oblige to anything. She began licking the inside of my thighs, her tongue moving in tiny little circles all the way up to the wetness between them. The heat from her mouth on my pussy was enough to drive me insane. Her tongue lapped at my clit while she inserted her fingers and began banging me. The sensation of her fingers inside me and her mouth sucking on my pussy was the hottest thing I had ever experienced. My boyfriend always eats me out, but somehow this was different. It was so hot, so forbidden and so exciting! It was then that I felt her finger go in my ass. What a feeling! Mouth on my pussy, fingers in it and now a finger in my ass...this woman knew what I wanted!

She stopped and came up from the floor to kiss me. I could taste myself on her mouth and at that moment I knew that I wanted to eat her pussy more than anything. Her dress was still on, so I ran my hand between her legs and felt her pussy. Exactly what I thought...no underwear. I slid my fingers into her body and told her to sit on the couch. She sat and I pushed her dress up so I could see her pussy. It looked so good. She spread open her legs and pushed my head into her wetness. She tasted so good. I found myself licking her clit and fucking her with my fingers as if I had been doing it for years. 

Suddenly, my cell phone rang. It was Joe. I answered it.

"Where are you? I thought you were just going to the bathroom."

"I met the owner of the club and we are upstairs in her office chatting, it was way too noisy down there."

"Oh cool, can I have the bartender show me up?"

I asked if Joe could come up and she said yes that it would be fine and he could come up the stairs and go straight down the hallway to the purple door. I told him just to come on in and I continued with our escapade. Her pussy tasted so sweet and I didn't want to stop. Then the door opened, my face still between her legs, and my tongue still on her clit. 

"What the hell?"

I turned around and could see anger in his eyes. When I smiled at him, his eyes softened and knew he wanted to join us. After all, what man's fantasy isn't 2 women at the same time? 

"I couldn't help myself, she is so beautiful and her pussy tastes so good. You should taste it."

He walked slowly over to us and I could see he was hard. His cock was so swollen in his pants, it was about to burst out. She sat back on the couch as Joe got down on his knees and started licking her pussy. I didn't know that I could become so wet watching my boyfriend eat out another woman. I got on the couch and straddled her. As she sucked on my tits, Joe began to grab at my ass. Then I felt the warmth of his breath on my backside. He spread my ass apart and began licking it fiercely. He went back and forth between her wet pussy and my tight ass and all the while I kept making out with this woman, whose name I still didn't know. 

She reached down in between the cushions and grabbed a strap on dildo. I was a bit nervous to try this out, but was up for anything at this point. She whispered that she wanted to fuck me like a man would and I agreed. She strapped on the dildo and was ready for action.

"Go sit in that chair." She told Joe as she pointed to the chair in the corner. He obliged and watched as she shoved the fake cock deep inside me. I let out the faintest moan and could see that Joe was enjoying himself. He sat in the chair and watched as she continued to fuck me. I looked over at Joe and I could see him tugging at his crotch. His pants had become tight and his cock was bulging. I had to have it in my mouth. "Come here," I said. I stood up and turned around so I could take it from behind while sucking Joe's dick. I unzipped his pants and swallowed his huge throbbing cock. 

As she continued to fuck me, I felt myself getting hotter. I needed her to stop because I didn't want to cum yet. She agreed to stop and help me suck the life out of his dick. I thought about what I really wanted and what would make me have the best orgasm of my life. Then I decided.

I leaned into Joe and whispered. "I want you to fuck her. I want to watch as you pound her pussy like she is a whore. Then, I want to suck her juices off your cock before I shove your dick inside me and ride it until you explode."

"Ok...are you sure you really want that?"

"Yes, I am sure."

She lay down on the couch and he entered her ever so slowly. I sat next to her and began massaging her breasts. She leaned over to kiss me at the exact moment that Joe began fondling my clit. He continued in this way until I thought her mind was going to blow. Once she came, I knew it was my turn. He pulled out his cock and I licked her sweetness off of it. Joe knows that the easiest way to get me off is to bend me over and fuck me hard. As I was bent over the couch, I felt hands on the inside of my thighs. Then I felt her tongue on my pussy. I thought I was going to die. Her tongue was moving over my clit at about the same speed as my vibrator and Joe was giving it to me hard and fast. The heat rose up inside me once more and as I came, my body began to shake so uncontrollably. It was the most amazing orgasm I had ever experienced. 

"I am not finished yet," Joe announced. "It is my turn to cum." 

He knows how much I love to be fucked in the ass, so he shoved his rock hard cock in my tight ass and began pounding away. She came over and straddled my face and I got to taste her sweet pussy once more. My mouth moved back and forth with every thrust from Joe. I knew it wouldn't be long before he would cum because fucking my ass is a guaranteed way to have his cock erupt. I felt him pull his cock out of my ass and I turned around so he could cum all over me. We opened our mouths so we could share his cum. He came in our mouths and even though we shared it, it was the biggest amount of cum I had ever swallowed. 

"That is the best sex I ever had," I told my girlfriends as we sat around the table playing Sex Truths. "Joe and I have never been back to Brazil and we have never discussed that night, but I know we both think about it constantly. Well, I know I do."