 I'm Kirsten. A 27 year old, 5'2", 125 pounds, redhead. I have a splash of freckles across my face, and my body is pretty well toned. I'm not attached, and I really don't want to be. However, I really enjoy sex, and I love to explore all aspects of my sexuality.

I find being naked or semi-naked in spaces where it is typically not "appropriate" to be undressed to be incredibly erotic. In a car on the highway, in a bar, in a movie theatre, in a store, in a parking lot, in a public restroom. I get very turned on being somewhat undressed, or totally nude, in any of those situations.

As I mentioned in an earlier story about seeking a friend with benefits, the guy I ended up hooking up with was a construction foreman for a company working on big corporate projects.

One evening I got a text from my new friend Trevor inviting me to come over to his current work site. His company was in the process of adding an addition to a local satellite hospital, and I had expressed interest in visiting if possible. 

Trevor met me in the parking lot, then escorted me through the construction entrance and up several flights of unfinished stairs in open stairwells. 

The shell of the addition was mostly complete along with the poured cement base of each floor. Exposed steel girders rose up out of the floor at intervals, waiting for the sectioning of the open space into rooms and offices. The external walls were going up, but they had not reached the forth floor where we were standing looking out at the strip mall and highway below. 

Trevor gave me a tour, pointing out how the floors would be laid out and describing how the building would look when completed. The heat of the day had diminished somewhat as the sun had set, and the night was pleasantly warm with a slight breeze wafting through the unfinished structure. Following the tour, Trevor led me over to the side of the building facing the strip mall and a four lane road that intersected another two lane.

I was feeling a bit of vertigo even though we were standing well back from the edge and the spaces between the vertical steel posts were strung horizontally with steel cables. 

Trevor stood behind me, his arms around my waist.

"No one can us see up here." He whispered into my ear. 

I shivered as his hands moved up to unbutton the front of my shirt. Trevor worked the buttons one by one until my shirt hung loosely open in front. Then he slowly reached up and pulled my shirt back off my shoulders, peeling it from my arms. As I stood there, my tits only covered by my lacy bra, my nipples began to get hard and press against the fabric. 

Trevor unbuckled my belt and unzipped my shorts. He slid he hand underneath the elastic band of my panties, and lightly began to caress my pussy. I sighed deeply as his fingers gently caressed and probed my wet opening. Quivering when he pulled his hand back, I let him slide my shorts over my hips and down to the ground.

I stood there in my bra and panties, feeling incredibly exposed and incredibly turned on. We were standing far enough back from the edge, but at the right angle, anyone looking up would be able to at least see my nude outline backlit by construction lights spread throughout the open space. Listening to the sounds of the traffic, I imagined someone looking up at us. My pussy was already dripping wet as I stretched my arms back over my head. Trevor undid the clasp on my bra. It dropped to the rough floor, and I was standing almost naked, just the thin triangle of my panties overing my vital parts. 

Trevor's hand roamed lightly over my hips and stomach, moving up to cup my tits. I sighed as he dropped his right hand back down and began to caress my pussy through the fabric of my panties. His finger slid between the outer lips of my pussy and stroked the wet entrance. I bit my lip and moaned as he began to penetrate my pussy with the very tip of his finger, then groaned in frustration when he pulled his hand back.

"Hey!" I began to protest, but he spun me around, and gave me a deep kiss that weakened my knees to the point of collapse. Moving his head back so that he could look into my eyes, Trevor began to slide my panties over my hips. I wriggled my hips playfully and the thin material fell to the ground.

Totally naked, I pressed my body up against the roughness of his jeans and work shirt. I shyly bit at my lower lip as I worked the zipper on his jeans. My hand slid inside his pants and wrapped around his throbbing cock.

I looked around and whispered as I dropped to my knees. "Are we alone up here?"

Trevor just grinned, pressing lightly on my shoulders in an obvious hint to attend to his cock.

My tongue lapped slowly at his thick, stiff member as he sighed and stroked my head with his rough hands.

"Suck me Kirsten. " He hissed.

Opening as wide as I could, I pressed forward, letting his cock slide deep into my mouth. Trevor groaned as my lips wrapped around his dick, and I sucked insistently on his shaft. I stroked his cock, licking at the head, while letting him slide in and out of my wet, willing mouth. After enduring my slow, lingering oral attentions, Trevor obviously needed more, and he pulled me to my feet. He gave me another soul melting kiss before taking my hand and leading me over to a roughly constructed table made of saw horses and left over lumber. 

Turning me around, he pressed on my back, and I willingly bent over the table. Pushing my legs apart, Trevor stepped up behind me. The thick head of his eager cock slid up and down along my dripping gash before coming to a rest at the entrance to my pussy. 

I moaned as he began to penetrate me. "...Oh god...yes Trevor...fuck me..."

Holding me firmly in place so I couldn't easily press my ass back, Trevor's insertion was agonizingly slow.

"...Please...fuck me...Trevor...come on..." I begged him as I wiggled my hips, the urge to be filled up becoming an overwhelming need.

He reached around my waist, and I gasped as his fingers began to lightly stroke my clit as he continued to press slowly into my cunt. I laid down flat on the table, my tits pressing against the rough wood. Arching my ass up toward him as much as I could, I moaned loudly when he was finally lodged completely in my pussy. 

I was beyond ready to be fucked, but he just held his cock deep inside me without moving as he played with my clit.

"Cum for me Kirsten." He whispered.

I whimpered and began to grind my pussy against his fingers as mind bending pleasurable sensations spread out from my groin throughout my whole body. Breathing heavily, I concentrated on the fingers stroking my clit. 

In seconds I tipped over the edge. 

I gripped the edge of the table tightly as my body shuddered and a wonderfully intense orgasm swept gripped my body. 

"...oh...fuck...yes...fuck...ahhhh Trevor..." I twitched and moaned and grunted as Trevor continued to insistently stroke my sensitive bud. As smaller second and third waves of my climax ran their course, Trevor began to steadily fuck me.

I was delirious as Trevor grabbed my hips and picked up the pace.

My hard, stiff nipples scraped on the rough wood of the table sending more sparks of pleasure shooting through me. The sounds of our fucking mixed with the sounds of the traffic below us, and I closed my eyes, losing myself in the pure eroticism of the moment.

I was building up to another wonderful climax when I heard voices. My eyes popped open, and I jerked my head around to the other side.

Several workers emerged through the stairwell, laughing among themselves before falling into stunned silence when they finally noticed us.

The late night crew just stared as Trevor continued to drill me from behind. I made a half hearted attempt to stop and get up, but Trevor's hand pressed firmly on my back making clear that I was not going anywhere. I renewed my grip on the edge of the table, and turned my face away from the crew, resting my cheek flat on the surface. I was so close to cumming again, and my whole body blushed knowing that I was putting on a show for the guys across the room.

"You like that Kirsten?" He hissed. "You like being watched?"

I managed to nod, bitting back a cry as Trevor slammed into me roughly in a violent thrust and bottomed out. He grabbed a fist full of my hair and turned my head back to face the guys watching us. 

"Look at them Kirsten." Trevor ordered. "They want to fuck you."

My pussy dripping wet as I stared back at the obviously aroused workmen.

"Would you like that?" Trevor slammed roughly deep into my cunt making me grunt again. "Would you like them to fuck you?"

I bit my lip and nodded as Trevor kept pounding into me over and over.

"Ask them." He commanded in a low rough voice. 

Bracing my upper body on my forearms, I looked over at the guys standing across the empty space. "Do you want to fuck me...?"

They stared at me, then over at their boss, not sure how to respond. Looking over my shoulder, I could see Trevor nodding to them. They hesitated, then said something to each other in Spanish while Trevor just kept plowing away at my pussy.

Trevor bent over to whisper in my ear. "Tell them you want them to fuck you."

I was on the verge cumming again, and the words spilled out between pants and groans. "...I want...oh god...fuck..I want you guys to fuck me..."

One of them called over to Trevor, and he laughed as he responded. Before I was able to get off, Trevor yanked me to my feet by my hair as his cock slipped from my wet cunt.

"Crawl." He hissed in my ear as he gave me a light shove.

I dropped to my hands and knees, my body burning. My hair hung down over my face as I began crawl toward the stunned workers. My body was obviously flushed with desire and covered with a thin sheen of sweat. Being naked and exposed in such an unusual place, on the verge of being fucked by a group strangers almost had me cumming again on the spot. I glanced back over my shoulder at Trevor. He was stroking his cock, obviously enjoying himself he stared at my sleek form.

I crawled slowly across the concrete toward the crew as they began to unbuckle their belts. My face was bright red with embarrassment, but I was incredibly turned on. By the time I knelt in front of the guys, they had their cocks out ready to be sucked. Taking the closest one in my mouth, I reached up to stroke the other two dicks on either side of me.

A loud moan of contentment from the guy my mouth caused the guys to laugh, and rough hands gripped the side of my head he began to slowly fuck my mouth. The cock I had been stroking with my right hand pulled away and in seconds hands gripped my hips. My hips were jerked up in the air, and my legs were roughly pressed apart. 

Another burst of Spanish was followed by more laugher, and the head of a nice size cock nestled between my pussy lips. Trevor called out to his crew, and I yelped around the cock in my mouth as the cock pressing against the entrance to my pussy suddenly slammed in balls deep. 

I had let go of the third cock to brace myself, and the owner dropped to his knees beside me. His large hands began to squeeze and maul my tits as his co-workers slammed into me over and over like battering rams. When I gasped or cried out from the cock slamming into my cunt, the guy in front rammed his cock back deeper into my mouth. The rhythm was brutal. In between mauling my tits, the guy kneeling by my side starting to spank me, the slap of skin on skin echoing out to mix with the other sounds of the night. I grunted and jerked and jumped with each hard slap which just brought on more laughter from the guys.

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of Trevor holding his phone up, and it dawned on me that he was either taking photos or video, but probably both. I groaned and did my best to fuck back against the cocks front and back, determined to give my new fuck buddy a worthy show.

The workers pounded me over and over until familiar feelings again grew between my legs. I started to moan louder, and my body started to quiver, signaling to the guys that I was on the verge of cumming. The death grip on my hips relaxed as one hand snaked round my body and up between my legs. I gasped as thick fingers began to roughly rub my clit. The direct contact was overwhelming, and I cried out loud as I came, my whole body shuddering and shaking in a serious of mind crushing spasms. 

Fingers threaded through my hair, and my head was yanked roughly forward into the crotch of the guy face fucking me. His thick cock twitched and pulsed, shooting several large, thick loads into my mouth. The others laughed as the guy cried out something in Spanish that I think had to do with finding God.

I continued to suck on his cock as cum pooled in my mouth and dribbled down my chin. Finally, he fell back and his cock popped out of my mouth. His friend pushed down on my back, forcing my chest to the concrete. Then he went into overdrive, slamming insanely into my aching pussy over and over and over. I grunted and screamed out every time he hit bottom as I struggled not to be driven flat to the floor. Finally, he grabbed my waist, slammed into me with one violent thrust, and I felt his warm cum spurt deep into my cunt. He held me tight as his cock pulsed again, shooting another smaller second burst into my wet passage. Finally, he sat back on the ground, his slick cock slipping out of my pussy with a wet plop.

The third guy started stroking my bare, sweaty back, and I heard him ask something in Spanish. The other guys laughed, and Trevor chuckled as he responded. The guy seemed to like what he heard. He quickly pulled me to my feet, and as I tired to remain standing on wobbly legs, he dragged me back over to the table where Trevor had been fucking me just a short while ago. 

He slapped the table with his hand, then he lifted me up, sitting my ass right on the edge. I laid back completely as he raised my legs up over his shoulder. The other guys gathered around, and before I could really think about it, the other two workers had each grabbed one of my arms and pinned them to the table. 

I looked over at Trevor in alarm, and my face paled when he mouthed to me. "He's an ass guy."

Now I don't mind anal sex at all. I actually enjoy it most of the time, but this guy was pretty big and none had worked my asshole to get my prepared for an ass fucking.

I gasped, as he ran his stiff shaft up and down the wet furrow between my pussy lips before pressing the thick, wide head against my tight sphincter. 

Squirming as he pressed his cock insistently against my back door, I groaned loudly as my tight muscle began to give way under the pressure. His buddies were grinning ear to ear as they held my arms tight, running their free hands over my tits. 

The guy between my legs let out a contented sigh, as the swollen head of his cock finally managed to press past my sphincter and slip into my tight back door. I panted as he held his cock just inside my tight entrance for just a minute. Then grinning down at me, he began to slowly fuck my ass as I squirmed and moaned. With a word from Trevor, the guys let my arms go, and I immediately gripped the sides of the rough wood table as they began to run their hands all over my naked, quivering body. 

I looked around for Trevor. He was still moving around the scene playing out on the makeshift platform, obviously filming my degradation with his cell phone. Groaning, I turned my head away from the camera and bumped into a stiff cock pressing against my lips. Rocking my hips back toward the cock plowing my asshole, I opened my mouth and took the stiff dick into my mouth. 

The cock's owner pumped the thick shaft slowly in and out between my moist lips as I licked at the shaft with my tongue with each stroke. Calloused hands kneaded my tits, and I felt another climax starting to build. My ass clenched around the shaft fucking my tight hole as I came. This time my orgasm was not as intense, and I groaned in deep satisfaction as waves of pleasure washed through my body, the guys continuing to stroke and caress my bare skin.

I was coming down when the cock in my ass began to throb and pulse. Grunting as he buried himself balls deep, warm gushes of cum flooded my bowels. I closed my eyes and sucked deeply on the cock in my mouth as the cock in my asshole slowly deflated and flopped out. Immediately, I felt pressure again at my tight entrance, and I opened my eyes briefly to see Trevor had taken his place between my legs. 

He muttered something to the guys in Spanish, and the two crew members who were now just observers each grabbed one of my legs and pulled them back toward my head. Trevor nodded to the guy fucking my mouth and his hands gripped my head tightly.

With a sharp word to the others, Trevor slammed his cock all the way into my ass without warning. Even though I had just been anally fucked, Trevor's cock was a bit thicker than the first guy, and my sore sphincter was stretched out even more. My mouth opened wide as I cried out at which point the guy holding my head slammed his cock deeper into my mouth. I fought back the urge to gag as I struggled to suck on the dick that was now pounding my mouth the same way Trevor was pounding my ass. 

Fortunately, the guy in my mouth didn't last much longer. I could tell he was getting ready to cum, and I frantically tried to pull back. He held my head tight to his crotch, letting loose a flood of cum into my mouth that hit the back of my throat in a thick puddle. I started to panic as he held his cock firmly in place as he shot a second load smaller load into my mouth. I began to gag, and he managed to pull out just as I spit up his cum over the edge of the table. 

Trevor continued to slam into my ass over and over. With another sharp exchange to the others in Spanish, he yanked his cock out of my ass. Before I knew what was happening, I was simultaneously jerked forward and bent over toward Trevor's twitching cock. Rough hands forced my head to his crotch. 

When I hesitated to open my mouth, Trevor grabbed a fistful of my hair and growled. "Suck it!"

The earthy taste of my ass mixed with the salty slimy taste of the previous guys cum, and I almost gagged again. Trevor held my head tight, pumping in and out of my mouth. Finally, he jerked my head back and sprayed his load all over my tits drawing another round of laughter and commentary from his buddies. 

Stroking his cock, Trevor ran the fingers of his other hand across my tits, scooping up a thick blob of cum. He lifted my chin up so that I was looking him in the eye before sliding his fingers into my mouth. Not breaking eye contact for a second, I sucked them clean then licked my lips.

Aware that the guys were still standing around watching, I took Trevor's cock slowly back into my mouth. I slowly licked and sucked him clean, then I glanced over at the guys and shrugged, giving them my best "What can I say?" look. 

Trevor spoke a few words in Spanish, and the workers chattered and laughed as they zipped up their pants. As I sat there naked on the edge of the table, my breathing finally under control, the guys stepped over, each one giving me a quick kiss. 

As they walked away, I stood up on weak legs and gave Trevor a great big hug before walking over to pick up my clothes. I dressed quietly as Trevor pulled himself together. 

Looking over at him, I buttoned up my shirt as I gave him a playful grin and bit at my lower lip. "So...do you always have a night crew?"