 The four of us spent the next couple of hours or so just sitting and recuperating. Randy pulled me in close to him and I rested my head on his shoulder. The cabin started to get chilly as the sweat from our bodies evaporated and the sun set over the mountaintops. After a while, Randy and I left Aaron and Rachel and headed to our room to be alone. We took a long, slow sensuous shower together, barely speaking a word as we both relived the past two days in our minds.

At some point, I started to have regrets concerning my actions. These were not the actions of the person that I had thought I was. Never in my life had I thought that I would find myself in such a situation as this. Part of me was still extremely turned on by what I had experienced, but another part of me was almost sickened by what I had participated in. I left Randy in the shower, dried off, and sat in front of the dresser mirror. I stared at the reflection that met my gaze. Did I know the person that was looking back at me? Was this the same Candice that had planned this little retreat with her boyfriend? Was this the same girl that had denied sex to so many men in the past? Who was the ravenous slut that looked back from the mirror? Could it really be me?

I dried my hair and was putting on a pair of sweats as Randy finally came out of the bathroom. I watched him move about, picking out some clothes to wear and getting dressed. He caught me looking at him on more than one occasion, giving me a little smile and wink each time. Once he was dressed, I stepped up to him and wrapped my arms around his body. I buried my face in his chest and held him there. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Why do you look so sad? I mean shit, this has been one hell of a trip so far."

"I'm not sad…just a little unsure. I don't know, hell, I'm not sure what I'm feeling." Randy gently lifted my face and looked down into my eyes. In his gaze I saw a look of understanding and caring. He smiled a sincere smile and then pulled me back in tight against his chest.

"I think you are just a little overwhelmed. I know I am. I still can't believe what's happening. This is something you read about, not something that actually happens. Not to me, anyways."

"Well, it's not like I do this kind of thing on the weekends!" I exclaimed a little louder than necessary. Randy held me back at arms length and looked at me dead in the eyes.

"I know that Candice. I never insinuated you did. I'm just saying that this is new to both of us. And I'm glad that it is you that I am going through this with. I can't think of anyone else that I'd rather be here. Look, I think we both need a good nights rest and then tomorrow we can re-evaluate the situation." He said softly as he pulled me back in against him.

"I don't think I'm gonna be able to sleep." I said into his chest. "My mind is going a hundred miles and hour. Add that to the fact that I'm sore as hell and I just don't see me getting any sleep."

"Oh, I bet if you relax and close your eyes, you'll fall asleep in no time. How about we burn one and then hit the hay? You'll be snoring in minutes."

"I don't snore!" I said playfully, jabbing him in the ribs with my fingers. "You're the one that snores!"

The mood was starting to change already. My self-doubt was starting to lift and I relaxed in Randy's embrace. We moved over and sat on the edge of the bed and smoked a joint. We both tried hard to keep the mood light and jovial. Not allowing any lulls in the conversation to seep in and get either of us thinking too deeply.

Randy excused himself to go and get the two of us a drink and I slipped out of my sweats and under the covers. Propping myself up on the pillows, I allowed my body to totally relax… muscle-by-muscle I just let my body go limp. I don't even remember Randy coming back into the room as I fell asleep.

I awoke the next morning in Randy's arms. My head resting on his chest like you see in some bad movie. I moved quietly from the bed so as too not wake him and went out onto the porch. I was the first awake and enjoyed the sunrise alone and content. I contemplated my situation and arrived at one basic conclusion. I had thoroughly enjoyed the last 2 days. My battle with guilt (or whatever the hell it was) the previous night had been short lived and eventually dismissed. There was no denying it…I wanted more of what I had received. My body had experienced things that it had never imagined, and yearned to continue.

After a half hour or so, I began to hear noise inside the cabin and knew the solitude of the porch would soon end. No sooner had this thought crossed my mind than the screen door opened and Rachel stepped out into the cool morning air. She had on a short terry robe and sandals, her hair pulled back into a ponytail. I must admit; she looked awesome in the morning light. "Good morning sunshine!" she said though a smile. "Did you sleep well?"

"Yeah, I slept like a log. Randy and I got a buzz on and I was out like a light."

"Same here. I don't think I moved a muscle last night. Aaron kept trying to get some. Rubbing his dick against my ass and shit like that. But I just ignored him and slept. I swear, I think that boy could fuck 24 hours a day. Don't get me wrong…that's a good thing. But sometimes I need a break!"

"I know I needed one. I'm still sore in places I didn't even know I had." I laughed.

"You have every right to be after yesterday. You were incredible, by the way. Absolutely awesome!" Rachel exclaimed. I blushed and we both went quiet as we looked out over the water at the fog. After a couple of minutes of quiet, I found myself stealing glances at Rachel. She looked so content, sipping a cup of coffee and looking out at the view. My quick glances caught her eye and she turned to me. "What is it girl?" she asked. "What's on your mind?"

"Nothing" I said. "It's silly and waaaayyyyyy too early"

"What?" she implored. "Tell me. You've got me curious."

"Well, I was just wondering…" my voice trailing off as I spoke.

"What? What are you wondering?"

"Well…I was just wondering if it would be too early in the morning" I said quietly.

"Too early for what?" Rachel asked.

"To early to taste you." I replied.

"Oh my god girl! You are awful!" She shrieked as she grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the door. "No" I said, resisting. "Here, on the porch, with the sun on our skin. I want you here, where we are now." Rachel looked around the cabin as if she thought someone might be watching. Satisfied that we weren't going to get arrested for indecent exposure, she agreed with a nod and a giggle.

I stepped into her and took her face into my hands. Our lips met and softly parted. We let our tongues dance as our hands began to roam over each other's body. I reluctantly broke our sensuous kiss as Rachel slid my t-shirt up over my head and I untied the belt to her robe. I pushed the robe off her shoulders and it slid down, catching in the bend of her elbows. I stepped back slightly to look at her. She was absolutely radiant in the morning sun. Her skin a golden bronze, her hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, the robe off her shoulders and hanging from her forearms. I cupped her breasts in my hands and gently pinched her nipples between my fingers. She leaned her head back as I licked at the cleft of her breasts. My tongue moved slowly from her breastbone up her throat. I tenderly bit at her chin, my teeth grazing her delicate skin as I made my way to her lips.

My fingers pinched her nipples a little harder, pulled a little more vigorously as the heat rose between us. Our mouths sought each other as our tongues began to duel. I felt her hands sliding down my back, coming to rest on my ass as she pulled my body in tight against hers. Pushing forward, I walked her backwards to the railing of the porch. Without breaking our kiss, I used my leg to reach over and pull one of the chairs toward us. My hands moved down her body and worked their way in between her legs. I could feel the heat from her pussy as I used my hands to part her thighs. I urged her to lift one leg and she obliged. I moved the chair into position and she rested her foot on it, opening her legs for me.

Lowering my body…I dragged my tongue along her skin. I dropped to my knees in front of her and slid my arms up under her thighs and along her lower back. My face sought out her sex as I greedily attacked her. I opened my mouth and sucked in the lips of her smooth, hairless pussy. I began to use my tongue like a cock. Fucking her with it. Pushing it deep into her pussy. She began to grind her body down into my face. In no time at all, her swollen pussy began to secrete the sweet nectar that I so desired. I tasted the juices and felt my own body begin to respond. 

I parted my legs slightly, letting my knees slide outward. I started to rub at my own clit as I continued to explore her with my mouth. After a few moments, Rachel bent her knees more, lowering herself. Slowly, she sank down into the chair, never letting my mouth leave her pussy as she moved. She placed her legs over the arms of the chair, opening herself completely for me. I lapped at her cunt eagerly. She reached down with one hand and began to rub her clit. Soft moans escaping her lips as the tension in her body began to rise. I increased my assault on her pussy, using my tongue to probe and invade her. Working feverishly at my own clit with one hand, I started to finger her deeply with the other. I could feel the muscles in her pussy gripping my finger as she neared orgasm. I wanted her to cum for me. I wanted her to wash my tongue and face with her juice.

"Cum for me." I urged. "I want to taste it! That's it! Cum for me. Give it to me" I begged as I looked up at her. Not waiting for a reply, I dove my mouth back down to her pussy. The heat from her body was wonderful as she continued to climb toward her release.

"My ass" she said breathlessly. "Lick my ass. Oh God, Candice, lick my ass please!"

Without hesitation, I put both my hands at the back of her knees and pushed her legs back toward her chest. She responded by sliding further forward in the chair. I started licking at her pussy frantically, gradually dropping my tongue lower with each lick. My face and mouth buried between her ass cheeks. I pushed my tongue against her asshole as hard as I could. I tried unsuccessfully to invade her with it. I started sucking and licking. Probing and pushing my tongue at her hole. She lifted her ass off the chair as I felt her hand on the back of my head. Pulling me up into her as she pushed down into me, I felt my tongue finally break through and enter her hole. I could barely breathe as Rachel held my face tight against the crack of her ass. I wrapped my arms around her thighs and shoved my tongue forward as far as it would go. She was moaning with ecstasy as her climax built. Repeatedly, I moved my tongue back and forth inside her ass. The muscles in my jaw began to ache as I fucked her with my tongue. I opened my eyes, the vision blurry as I watched her rubbing her clit less than an inch away. My nose was buried deep in her pussy, my mouth open wide, tongue extended to its limits. Rachel moved her body, gyrating in pleasure as I explored her. 

I was quickly running out of reserves, needing air bad when I felt the orgasm hit her. She let out a guttural scream as her body let go. The heels of her feet slammed into my back as she came hard. I was forced to withdraw my face from her body as the need for oxygen overcame my lust. Gasping for my own breath, I watched with fascination as Rachel once again squirted cum from her pussy. Her fingers rubbing her clit frantically as her cum was expelled from deep within her. The milky liquid hit me in the neck and chest. I lowered my body and caught the last two shots in my mouth. The taste was unlike any I had ever experienced. 

I quickly placed my open mouth over her swollen, drenched pussy and flooded the juice back into her. I felt her hands in my hair as she pulled me tight against her body. She was twitching as I lapped at the juices that covered her sex and my face. I was literally drenched in her cum and I relished in it. Reaching between my mouth and her pussy, I explored her with my hands and fingers. Coating my skin in her wetness. I held her open and licked at the inner lips of her cunt. Her body still convulsing as I licked and sucked at her repeatedly. "No, no, I can't" she moaned as I continued to use my tongue on her. She started trying to push me away. I resisted and tried to slide my tongue back inside her cunt. "No, no, no more. I can't." she cried. Realizing that the sensitivity in her pussy was too great for the sensations I was administering, I reluctantly pulled my mouth from her enflamed pussy and sat back on my knees. 

I licked the juice from my fingers as I watched her slowly begin to return to Earth. I stood to my feet and bent over to within inches of Rachel's face. Her eyes were closed and she was unaware of my presence. I watched with avid fascination as her nostrils flared, drawing in deep breathes in an attempt to regain her composure. I reached out and gently touched her lips. She opened her eyes and looked at me. I smiled as I lowered my mouth to hers. She parted her lips to accept my tongue but I had other plans. As I felt her tongue extend out to meet mine, I turned my head slightly, letting her taste the juice that still covered my face. She gingerly began to clean my skin with her tongue, sucking and licking at me as I moved my face slowly around her mouth. In less than a minute, she had completely removed all traces of her cum from my cheeks and neck. We fell into a deep, soulful kiss as our heartbeats returned to normal. I broke our kiss and slid down to the deck. I rested my head on her bare thigh as she caressed my face. My eyes closed, my mind reliving the adventure that my life had become, I felt totally at ease with my decision and the resulting actions.

We remained this way for what seemed like hours as the heat from the morning sun began to warm the air around us. Neither of us moved as we heard the screen door open. "Good morning, ladies" Aaron said as he joined us on the porch. "Looks like it's going to be a nice day."

"It's already been a nice day" Rachel softly.

"I figured as much" Aaron replied. "Seeing as how you're both naked and sprawled out here looking all exhausted and sweaty. What did I miss"?

"Just the most wonderful orgasm I've had all week." Rachel said softly. With that I looked up at her, smiling, the sun rising behind her causing me to squint. A halo of light surrounding her head as she looked down at me. I could not make out her face with the glare behind her, but I could tell she was smiling at me. Her fingers moving slowly through my hair and along my cheek.

"Really?" I asked.

"Oh yes. It was indescribable."

"Good. I'm glad I could do that for you." I said with a beaming smile.

"As a matter of fact, I think you deserve a reward for your endeavors. How'd you like to be ravaged my three incredibly horny people? All eager to please you and take you to places you've never been?" She asked.

"Mmmmmmmmmm sounds wonderful. Where are you going to manage to find these three people?" I asked laughingly.

"Oh, I bet we can round 'em up around here somewhere. Actually, I think I hear the third one clanging around in the kitchen right now. Shall we go inside and see if I'm right?" 

"Okay" I replied. "Lead the way"

The three of us went back inside and sure enough, there was Randy with his head stuck in the fridge. "Come here big boy, we got a job for you" Rachel remarked. "Your girl here needs to some attention. The kind of attention only three can give."

"What's up?" Randy asked.

"Time to give Candice a little treat." Aaron replied.

"Cool!" was all he said as he made his way over to join us.

I sat down on the edge of the couch and leaned back on my elbows, my legs extended out towards the middle of the floor. I didn't know what to expect but I was sure it was going to be fantastic. 

"Randy, I think you should sit on the couch beside your girlfriend" Rachel urged. "Honey, I think you should sit on the other side."

"And just where are you gonna be?" Aaron asked.

"I'm gonna be right here in the middle" Rachel giggled as she positioned herself between my legs. "Candice, I bet if you get these two boys hard, they'll feed you their big cocks until you can't stand it anymore."

I took her advice and started playing with both guys. It was a major turn on having a cock in each hand…feeling them grow as I stroked them. Rachel moved in for the kill on my pussy, her tongue began working magic on my clit. At this point, I started to feel like the slut that I truly wanted to be. I had a hot mouth on my cunt and a hard cock in each hand. I leaned over and took Randy's cock into my mouth. Pulling him deep into my throat without so much as a second's hesitation. He raised his hips and pushed hard, driving his cock until the base met my lips. I gagged once, relaxed my throat more, and eagerly accepted his hardness. I started moving up and down, my tongue dragging along the bottom of his shaft as I fucked him with my mouth. I tried to take all of him with each stroke, but found that as the tempo increased, the amount that I could take decreased. I settled on speed over depth and began to move my mouth as fast as I could on his cock. 

I felt Aaron moving on the couch; my hand still firmly wrapped around his cock. He climbed up onto his knees beside me and positioned himself for his inevitable turn at my mouth. Not wanting him to feel left out; I pulled myself from my boyfriend's shaft and took Aaron between my lips. I completely let go of Randy's cock and used both my hands as well as my mouth on Aaron. I slid one hand up under his balls and probed at his asshole as I let fuck my face. I could feel each and every vein that bulged around his cock as they slid past my lips over and over again. 

I could tell Randy moved from where he was, but I had no idea to where. All I knew was that I was having a hard time concentrating on sucking Aaron's cock with his wife eating my pussy. The sensations that Rachel was causing had my legs moving, almost thrashing about as she used her mouth and fingers on me. I slid a little further off the edge of the couch, my ass hanging in mid air as I tried to push my cunt harder into her face. She responded by lifting my legs and placing them over her shoulders, literally holding me up as she ate me. I felt her slip a finger between my asscheeks as she buried her tongue deep inside me. Her lips rubbing against my newly shaven pussy was almost too much to handle. For a brief moment, I had to pull my mouth from Aaron's cock and watch what his wife was doing to me. I could only see the top of her head as she moved feverishly about my pussy. She worked her tongue and lips around like I never imagined could be done, gorging herself on the juices that were flowing from me. 

Randy was also watching, leaning over Rachel's shoulder with a look of utter fascination on his face. He finally moved from his vantage point and positioned himself behind Rachel. As soon as he grabbed her ass, she broke her grip on my cunt and barked at him. "Not me, dammit! This is her time. Now get up there and do something with her!"

"Yes ma'am. But I'm running out of places to put this!" he whined, shaking his cock in his fist.

"Well, let me get her off and then you can shove it in here. But first I want to taste this pussy when it cums and I won't move until I do."

"Okay, okay." He conceded as he backed off.

I returned my attention back to Aaron. I lifted his cock and licked the underside from the base to the tip. I swirled my tongue around the crown and playfully bit at it. Without warning, Aaron turned the tables on me and took charge. He grabbed a hand full of my hair and bent my head back. "Open up!" he snarled as he pressed his cock against my lips. I did as I was told and he shoved his cock deep into my mouth. He had a firm grip on my head, holding me by the hair as he started fucking hard into my throat. I gagged as he drove his meat into me over and over again. He withdrew slightly to prevent me from choking but never let up on the speed or intensity of his assault.
