 I was more than a bit nervous. I always am when meeting new people, especially couples, because there is so much more potential for things to go wrong, but they'd seemed nice enough on line and on the phone. So I drove, checking the map at stop signs, and eventually looking for a parking spot, and trying not to let the nerves get to me.

As he'd warned me, parking was at a premium near their house. Of course, being this close to the beach, that was pretty much a given, but that's one of many reasons I try to live further inland. But the houses and apartments looked mostly clean and well maintained, and few of the cars were beaters, so at least some of my apprehension about what might happen there faded. The one time I'd had problems with vandals while at a party in L.A. had left me very nervous, but I had to admit that this didn't look like a dangerous neighborhood.

"Calm down" I told myself as I locked the car door. "This is going to be fun, and nothing to worry about!"

When I reached their door, I had to wipe my palms on my slacks before I knocked, but I knocked, and the door was opened almost immediately. I recognized him by his profile picture, and the house, though small (and still bigger than my tiny apartment) was clean and airy.

"Come on in" he said, and introduced himself. I shook his hand, and followed him to the living room, which was comfortable, with large sliding glass doors leading to their yard on one side, and a small, efficient kitchen on the other. "What's in the bag?"

When we'd set this up, he'd asked me to bring some porn tapes - bisexual ones if possible - and I'd grabbed three from my collection, hoping they wouldn't be too awful. I've noticed that bi porn tends to be the worst genre, with the 'actors' being generally pretty awful, with (usually) one gay guy, one nervous guy, and one uninterested woman faking a series of contortions and positions, but every few years I try to find some that's better. I handed him the bag, and he shuffled through the tapes, and put one in the VCR, then moved toward the kitchen.

"Care for a glass of wine?" he asked, opening a bottle of red.

"It couldn't hurt."

He poured the wine, and we went to the sofa, which was about 6 feet long, and comfortable, with a blanket folded up on one arm. Soon he switched on the TV and VCR, and we sat and talked about work for a few minutes until his wife came out of the back room, wearing a light silk robe. She was much prettier than her picture, and I hoped I'd be allowed to see under the robe before the night was over. We stood and made introductions, an after she got a glass of wine for herself (and topped his up), we all three sat on the sofa, with him on my right, and her on my left, and made small talk for a while.

"What's this movie?" she finally asked, and I glanced up to see a guy on the TV sitting on a sofa with a pretty blonde kneeling between his legs, sucking him off, whilea guy stood next to the sofa, getting his cock sucked by the first guy. "It looks pretty hot!"

"It's one he brought" he said, indicating me, and the three of us watched the tape for a while, making snarky comments about the production qualities of the movie, and more intimate comments about the actors, and their technique. Within a short time, he had his cock out and was stroking it slowly, and she'd allowed her robe to slip a bit, revealing lacy lingerie beneath, and I quickly followed suit, unzipping, and pulling out my already hardening member, and pulling off my t-shirt.

After a few moments of all three of us rubbing various parts of ourselves, she leaned into me, and a I turned and kissed her lightly, and at the same time, he leaned over and began to lick and suck at my cock. I had my left arm around her, and my right on his shoulder, and it didn't take long for me to slip my left hand down and begin to tweak and twiddle her nipples, which were already standing up.

A short time later (it's so easy to lose track of time in these situations!), she nudged me away, and he sat back. So I turned toward him, reached down and grabbed his cock. Holy crap, he was bigger than me, and he wasn't even completely hard yet! Needless to say, I wasted no time in going down on him, and barely noticed when she began to untie my shoes and pull them off of me. But as soon as my shoes were off, we all paused to get more completely naked.

Now I'm not an egotist, but I'm generally pretty comfortable with my looks. I'm a touch above average height, a tad below average weight, in fairly good shape, with even features and good skin, and nicely hung. But these two were enough to make me feel like a lesser man. He was easliy 6'2" and solidly built - not like a gym rat, but like someone who worked hard every day, and his now fully erect cock was at least an inch longer than mine, and very thick. She was smooth and sunny, with a body out of a magazine and a face that could be used for ads.

They shook out the blanket that had been on the sofa, and laid it out over the carpet to form a nice padded space that would be easy to clean up after. We joked a bit about their experience at this, and about some of the others the'd played with while we pulled pillows from the sofa, and then, when she went to the kitchen to refill our wine glasses, I dropped to my knees, and took his cock in my mouth.

It took some time and effort, but with sone concentration, I slowly took him deeper and deeper into my mouth, licking and sucking alternately, and because he is one of those guys who doesn't often get rock hard, I was eventually able to get all 9" down my throat, something I can't do with a guy who's too hard to be flexible. By the time I had him all up and running, she was back from the kitchen, and shared his cock with me, and we alternated licking and sucking him, teasing each other to see who could take him the deepest. Though that turned out to be almost a tie (we both managed to deep-throat him, but I gagged a bit less), it made me even more eager to have her try out her cocksucking skills on me.

But though he was enjoying himself as much as we were, he wanted more. With a few words and nudges, she got down on her hands and knees, with me sitting in front of her, and him kneeling behind her. She took her time, and started by licking the head of my cock like a lollipop, licking up and down the shaft and around the head, and only gradually began to take it into her mouth, slowly beginning to bob up and down on it while using one hand to circle it, and the other hand to support herself, while I played with her wonderful tits. As we began that, he entered her from behind, 'doggy style,' and slowly fucked her while she sucked my cock.

She occasionally let out low whimpers or moans as one or the other of us did something she liked, and the look on his face as he fucked her deep while watching her suck me was one of sheer pleasure, but none of us wanted things to end too quickly.

So after a few minutes, he pulled out of her, and she pivoted, mostly keeping my cock in her mouth, and placed her knees to either side of my head, with her soaking pussy directly above my face.

Did I mention she was neatly trimmed, and partly shaved? Either way, I grabbed one of the pillows that was in reach to support my head, and dove in directly, starting by cleaning up the juices that were running from her, and then alternating licking and teasing around her labia with licking and nibbling on her clit and trying to reach her "G" spot with my tongue.

He let us settle into a good rhythm, and she finally managed to take all of my cock into her throat ("you're the first guy besides him that I ever had trouble with" she said at one point when she came up for air), and then came and knelt by my head. With this much fun literally staring me in the face, I had to make a quick decision, and decided to go for the gold. I alternated licking her and sucking him for a minute, and then he moved up and put the head of his cock at the entrance to her soaking pussy.

Using one hand and my tongue, I lubed them both up liberally, and then guided his cock into her, and then alternated between licking her clit, his shaft, and his balls while he fucked her with long, slow strokes, and she sucked my cock. Every few strokes, he'd pull out of her, and I'd suck him a few strokes. Not an easy position to maintain, but it was great. I could tell from her increased movement and suction that she was really enjoying herself, and I know she came at least twice before we reached the evening's finale.

She lifted up he head and said something to him (I'm not entirely sure what, and we again shifted positions. He pulled out, and she lifted herself off of my face, pivoted, and then slowly lowered herself down on my now throbbing cock. For someone who'd been so full so recently, she was still incredibly tight, and she controlled her movement with her lags, bouncing up and down, leaving me free to support myself with my hands and suck and nibble on those wonderful tits while she sucked him deeper and deeper into her mouth. Watching her blow him while I fucked her and sucked on her tits brought me ever closer to the edge, and shortly after he pulled out of her mouth and came all over her tits, I warned her I was coming. She immediately jumped off of me, and as I came all over my stomach and chest, they licked it off of me. I licked them, they licked me, and we cleaned each other up enough to allow us to grab hand towels and finish cleaning up.

I was surprised to find that more than 2 hours had passed when I got back to my car. Some day I'd like to see them again!