 First, let me start by saying that up until the events in this story, I was, by most accounts, a prude. I mean, sure, I had had lovers growing up, and I was by no means timid in bed. But I was raised by very stern parents who advised me that my body was mine and mine alone and I should only give it willingly to someone who loved me and treated me as I deserved to be treated. I took that advice to heart and have always been very selective in whom I let into my bed. As a result, more than one man has accused me of being a prude when I didn't open my legs for him just because he bought me dinner and a movie. And the thought of a one-night stand has always frightened me to the point that I had never had one.

Then things changed for me...

It all started innocently enough. My name is Candice and I am a 26-year-old brunette with red highlights. I am 5 foot 4 inches with 34C breasts and legs that go on forever. I have been blessed with my mother's figure and we have neither one had to work very hard at maintaining them. I do some moderate exercising, but I am not a fitness freak. I have always tried to keep my tummy tight, as I like wearing bikinis at the beach. My ass has varied in size over the years but has never really "gotten away" from me. I am currently dating a man with a good job and great hands. We had been intimate for about 2 months when the events I am about to share transpired.

It was the end of last winter and the first warm days of spring were starting to make appearances. Randy and I decided that it would be nice to spend some time in the mountains watching nature awaken to the new season and started looking around for a cabin to rent for a week. After talking to some friends and making some calls, it became obvious to us that we either needed to invite some friends to share the expense, or we were going to have to stay in a tent and rough it. Not being the tent type, I suggested that we ask another couple to join us and get a nice place. Randy suggested that we invite Aaron and his wife Rachel along. Although I have known Aaron for years, I have only met Rachel a couple of times since they met and got married. I was hesitant to spend a week with a woman I barely knew (we can be bitches, after all), but Aaron and I had gone to university together and got along well, so with a little coaxing from Randy I agreed to extend the invitation.

Aaron and Rachel thought it over for a couple days (Rachel probably thinking the same thoughts I had) and decided that if we could find the right place, then yes, they would love to join us for a week. We searched the Internet and found the perfect spot. It was a large, two-bedroom cabin with a full kitchen, big fireplace and a wrap around porch overlooking a lake with a dock and two canoes. We made the reservations and set out on our adventure two weeks later.

We all rode up in Randy's car and Rachel and I sat in the back trying to get better acquainted. Rachel is a twenty-something blonde with a nice figure and a bubbly personality. I must admit, she fit the stereotype for a ditzy blonde to the tee. Aaron, on the other hand, is a very quiet man with a nice body and a brilliant mind. We had flirted in university but never did anything about it because he had a girlfriend back home that he was madly in love with. Turns out she was fucking everything with a dick while he was away trying to make something of himself so he could provide for her. Aaron was devastated when he found out and turned into a recluse, keeping himself occupied with his studies until he graduated second in our class and went on to get his Masters and is currently working on his PHD in chemical engineering.

The ride to the cabin was enjoyable enough and I think Rachel and I both relaxed in the other's presence. I decided that it looked to be a nice week after all.

After unpacking our things and taking a much-deserved nap (we started our drive at 4 a.m.), we all had a light snack and headed for the dock. Randy and I decided to try our hands at canoeing and pulled from the dock as Aaron and Rachel stretched out to get some late evening sun. Randy paddled the canoe around the lake as I relaxed. I removed my bikini top and slid my shorts high up on the my thighs to try and get some sun. The cool breeze moving across the water made my nipples harden, and Randy stopped paddling the canoe almost instantly. I opened my eyes and looked at him with a sly grin as I watched the bulge grow in his shorts. He smiled at me and used his thumb and forefinger to outline his now-hard cock trapped in his shorts. I giggled a little and asked him if he was going to be okay. He just smiled and slid his hand into his trunks. Liking the reaction I had gotten from him, I slowly pinched and twisted my nipples, hoping to get an even better response. He did not disappoint me as he slid his trunks down over his ass and let his hard cock spring free. I opened my legs and pulled my shorts to one side, showing him my pussy. Randy took his cock in his hands and slowly started stroking it. As I slid a finger along my slit, he stood to move towards me and WHOOOOOSH! The canoe tipped and we both ended up in the lake. The water was still very cold and the shock sent my body into a frantic struggle to get back into the boat. Randy held me with one arm as he tried to right the canoe. But no amount of effort was going to flip it back upright. So he helped me slide myself up onto the bottom of the boat and we headed for shore.

As Randy swam beside the canoe, pulling me as we went, I attempted to get Aaron and Rachel's attention back on the dock. Finally, as we got near, I saw Aaron look up from where he was laying and spot us. He climbed into the other canoe and paddled out. He tossed me a line and towed me and the canoe, with Randy hanging on for dear life, back to the dock. Afraid my man may go into some kind of shock from the cold water, Aaron helped me get him to the cabin where we started a fire. Shaking and almost blue, Randy stripped from his wet trunks as I wrapped a blanket from our bed around him. I joined him under the blanket as Aaron got the fire going strong and Rachel brought us some coffee. I stripped and used my entire body to rub Randy and try to warm him up as quickly as possible. After a few minutes, the color returned to his skin and the rubbing started having a different effect. I felt him getting hard again under the blanket and couldn't help but giggle. He asked what was so funny and I broke into a full-fledged laugh.

"How can you be getting a hardon when you almost froze to death?"

"What the hell do you expect? Do you think I have forgotten about you playing with yourself in the canoe? If it hadn't tipped over, I would have this thing buried into you up to my balls right now!"

Laughter filled the room and we both remembered that we were not alone in the cabin. My face turned three shades of red as I looked up and saw Aaron and Rachel standing not six feet away from us. Embarrassed, I pulled the blanket up over my head to hide. but that just made matters worse. I heard Rachel say "look, she is going to suck him off right here!" I threw the blanket back in a rush, hell bent on denying the accusation, but all I accomplished with that was to expose my naked body and Randy's raging hardon.

"Damn!" Rachel exclaimed. "Look at the size of that thing! I don't blame you, Candice, if he was mine, I'd have my mouth permanently attached to that cock!"

With that, I pulled the cover back up over myself and Randy with a "humph!" and turned away from the people in the room. "What's wrong Candice? Are you pissed?" asked Aaron. "I mean shit, you have nothing to be embarrassed about. Damn, if I was him, I would have found a way to get to you out there on the water and I would be fucking you silly right now!"

I couldn't believe my ears. Here we were in the middle of the woods with a married couple that were both talking about having sex with us if they could. I was shocked! I looked at Randy, who just shrugged in the typical guy way, and, with courage I did not know I possessed, tossed off the blanket and waited for the reaction.

"WooHoo! You go girl!" Rachel exclaimed. "Let's see it all! Don't hold anything back!"

With that I stood and slowly turned, sticking my ass out for maximum affect. Randy's jaw dropped in shock as I lifted my hands up to my breasts and cupped them, continuing to turn as if on a pedestal. Clapping broke the silence as Aaron showed his approval. I suddenly realized what I was doing and shyly covered myself. I could not believe I had just done that. I ran into the bedroom, scared and shocked. Randy followed close behind, taking me in his arms as I began to sob. 

"Candice, what's wrong? Why are you crying? That was the most amazing thing I have ever seen! What you just did out there got me so hard it hurts. Aaron and Rachel are making out on the couch like there's no tomorrow. You have nothing to be ashamed about. I am so very very proud of you! That took a tremendous amount of courage."

"I can't believe I did that. That is not like me at all, and you know it!"

"Maybe that's what has me so turned on. Look at this cock! It's solid as a rock!"

I must admit it; Randy was as hard as I have ever seen anyone. And the thought that what I had done, my little performance, had gotten him that way was a major turn on for me as well. I reached for him and pulled him close to me. His hard cock pressed against my stomach as he brought his lips to mine. We kissed passionately, forcefully, our tongues dueling in our mouths as I reached between us and stroked his cock. What Rachel had said about him came back into my mind. I broke our kiss and slowly slid my tongue down Randy's chest, leaving a trail of moisture on his body as I brought my face to his groin. 

With lust and abandon I engulfed his cock, taking him deep into my throat, feeling the veins of his cock slide past my lips as I swallowed him. I wrapped one hand around his waist, gripping his ass and pulling him hard into me. My tongue worked the underside of his shaft. His hands moved to my head as he began to fuck my mouth. With my other hand I reached between his legs, cupping his balls as he slammed his cock into my face, his chest hitting my forehead as I gorged myself on his meat. The feeling was incredible as he used my mouth, fucking me with abandon. I felt his cock swell and knew he was about to cum. I pulled my mouth up until just the tip remained inside of me as the first shot of his hot cum erupted. 

His fingers tightened in my hair, twisting as cum filled my mouth. I sucked eagerly, draining his cock, my fingers squeezing the length, forcing the thick liquid from his shaft. I looked up at him, our eyes meeting as his orgasm slowed. With great care, I pulled my mouth from his cock, his cum dripping from the edges of my lips. I opened my mouth, letting him see the pool of white sticky cum. I put a finger in my mouth and withdrew it, pulling a string of his seed from my lips. I smeared the hot goo on my breasts as I watched his reaction. Satisfied with the effect, I closed my mouth and swallowed my prize. A moan escaped his lips as he watched me. I stood up and leaned into him, bringing my cum covered lips to his, letting him taste himself as we kissed passionately. We collapsed on the bed, both of our bodies heaving with every breath.

Once I regained my composure, I went into the adjoining bathroom and washed the remaining cum from my chest. Randy continued to lay there, his cock shiny with cum and saliva, the sweat starting to evaporate from his body. I put on a fresh set of clothes and left the bedroom. As I walked through the cabin, the unmistakable sounds of sex filled my ears. I gingerly moved to the end of the hall and peeked into the living room. There on the couch, I could see Aaron shoving his cock into Rachel from behind, his fingers digging into her ass as he pummeled her pussy. I watched as he reached and took a handful of her hair into his hands, bending her head back as he fucked her harder and harder. My timing could not have been better, as I heard him tell her that he was almost there. With that, she pulled from his cock and turned on him. 

She brought her mouth to his groin and took him deep into her throat. Although I was partially hidden standing in the hall, I was sure Rachel was looking at me as Aaron shot his load into her mouth. His body shuddering as she swallowed him deep. I took a step back into the shadows and tried to compose myself. I could not believe what an effect watching two people fuck had had on me. My pussy was aching to be filled with cock.

I returned to the bedroom intent on getting some dick. I opened the door to the disappointing sound of snoring. Just like a man, I thought as sat on the bed with a sigh. Not to be left high and dry, I slid my shorts off and started to rub my pussy. I have masturbated many many times in my life, but never have I used so much force and determination on my clit and pussy. I rubbed hard and fast, not caring about the slow ascent to the climax. I needed to cum and I needed to cum right then. My head started thrashing from side to side as I reached my peak, my back arching as I pushed three fingers deep into my cunt. My legs bent at the knees, lifting my ass high into the air as wave after wave crashed through my body. I felt my juices gush from me as I came like I had never cum before. I started bucking on the bed, as my body convulsed in orgasm after orgasm. I was just starting to come down from the heights of orgasm when I heard the door creak. I froze, and then quickly removed my hands from my sopping pussy as I looked to the door to see who was there. 

No one greeted my gaze. At first I was confused, as I was sure I had heard the door creak, then it hit me: the sound did not come from someone entering the room, but rather from someone leaving. I had been watched as I finger fucked myself. Either Aaron or Rachel had seen me bring myself off like I had never done before. I lay on the bed beside my still-sleeping boyfriend and gathered my thoughts. I had been watched. Someone had seen. At first I felt betrayed, but then I realized that it was nothing that I had not done myself just minutes before. I had watched. I had seen. With a sly grin that was a surprise to me, I snuggled up against Randy and drifted off to sleep.

That night Randy and I made love two more times before we both finally gave in and slept soundly until morning. It was the light from the sun penetrating through the flimsy curtains that woke me the next day. I went to the bathroom and took a much-needed shower and brushed my teeth. When I stepped out of the shower with a towel wrapped around me, I was shocked to find Randy gone and Rachel sitting on the bed in his place. 

"Where's Randy?" I asked. 

"He and Aaron went to the dock to try their hand at fishing. Aaron found some rods in the closet and dug up some worms this morning before you two sleepy heads got up. He has been chomping at the bit to go fishing, so as soon as he heard the shower turn on he came and got Randy."

"Damn, I can't believe he didn't take a shower this morning. I mean I know we're in the woods, but after last night, well... I think he needs to wash off."

"Nah," Rachel said. "I got a good whiff of him when he walked by me this morning and I thought he smelled pretty good. Smelled like a fresh fuck." She giggled as she said this and I couldn't help but laugh a little myself. 

"Well, we did have a good time last night" I replied. 

"Oh I'm sure you did. Especially after the little show you put on."

"Listen, about that, I have never done anything like that before."

"That's a shame," she said. "I was hoping it was in your nature to do that on a regular basis. I know it did wonders for Aaron and I. Last night we fucked like wild dogs. And although it was me that he was with, it wouldn't surprise me if it was your gorgeous body that he was thinking about."

" Stop that!" I said. "Me and Aaron have known each other for years and there has never been anything between us."

"Too bad," she sighed. "I was hoping we could share notes on him. Maybe I could learn something about him I don't know, something that turns him on that he has ever told me about. Possibly even double up on him."

I was shocked at the last statement. "What do you mean 'double up' on him?"

"You know, you fuck while I suck, or visa versa."

"Rachel, you're kidding, right?"

"No, I've shared him before and its always been magnificent!"

"You mean you two are swingers?"

"From day one. We met at a party thrown by some mutual friends. I fucked him twice before I even knew his name!"

I was flabbergasted! Never would I have imagined that Aaron would be into that sort of thing. It took me a few minutes to gather my thoughts. I could tell that Rachel was enjoying the moment.

"Have you ever tasted pussy?" she asked, totally out of the blue.

"No! I have never been with a woman and I have no plans to be!"

"I don't mean to make you upset Rachel. It's just that with all that happened last night, when you watched me and Aaron fucking on the couch, then later, after watching you finger yourself, I guess I just thought you were into voyeurism and things of that nature. I don't want you to be uncomfortable around us."

"So you watched me last night? You watched me cum?"

"Of course I did. No way was I going to pass up an invitation like that!"

"What invitation?"

"When you were watching us fuck, then you went to your room and left the door open. I mean, at first I thought we were going to get to watch you and Randy fuck. But when we got to the door and it was you laying here on this bed with your fingers buried in your pussy, we realized that watching you masturbate was even better."

"What do you mean 'we'? Was Aaron with you? Did he see me too?"

"Of course he did! His cock was hard as a rock! I thought he was going to shoot another load right there on the spot! He dragged me to our room before you were even finished and fucked me like there was no tomorrow."

I felt my legs give out from under me as I slowly slumped to the floor. I couldn't believe it. Aaron had watched me finger myself. Of all the people in the world! Aaron! I drew my knees up to my chest and buried my face between them. I didn't know what to think. 

The sound of Rachel clearing her throat brought me back to reality. I looked up at her sitting on the bed. She was smiling at me. With a little nod of her head she brought it to my attention that sitting in the position I was in, with only a towel wrapped around me, my crotch was open for the world to see.

"Oh screw it!" I said. "It's not like you haven't already seen it."

"True" she said. "Candice, please understand. We have a wonderful marriage. We love each other with all our hearts. But we neither one feel that sex has to include love. Sex can be a purely physical thing. And in lots of ways, it's much more satisfying when it is. Making love is what we do to each other. But fucking is something we do to others. Not that we don't give each other a good fuck every now and then. I mean last night was a good, solid fucking. And watching you, well, that was a mind fuck like none I have ever had before. I have never seen a woman have an orgasm as strong as that one you had. And believe me, I've seen a lot of women have orgasms!"

"You have?" I asked.

"Of course! Some from a distance like yours. But most from a whole hell of a lot closer!"

"You have sex with women?"

"Some of the best. No one can eat pussy like a woman. No man can do what a woman can do with her tongue. Think about it. Who else but another woman can know where all the right buttons are and when to press them? I mean, don't get me wrong, some men can eat a mean pussy. But a woman is still better at it for the most part."
