 (This story was inspired by my sometime muse, Yvette, as we imagined a scene that would thrill us both. And Yvette added some very special and sensual magic to the story, little details that matter)

*

They first saw him at the beach, just down from the resort where they were spending two weeks. He was with a girl as stunning and as gorgeous as he was. While they remarked on the absolute lusciousness of the girl, Yvette made sure to comment on the "big bulge" in the crotch of the boy's Speedos, drawing Steve's attention to the ample package of hidden male genital goodies. They shared a knowing smile, both well aware of their common appreciation for such goodies.

The next time Yvette laid her eyes on him, she was alone and he was alone. She'd decided to take an evening stroll before dinner and as she turned a corner of the cove she saw him sitting by a bluff, his Speedos pulled down, his eyes closed and his hand wrapped around his cock, busily stroking it. She was taken aback. What about the beautiful girl he had been with? Why this secluded masturbation when he was here with such an obviously delicious and sexy prize, she wondered? Yvette knew, though, that however satisfying sex was with a partner, and however much of it there was to enjoy, there was always a place for solitary pleasures. 

She was a distance away but, luckily, she had brought her binoculars and now brought them up to her eyes to have a look. That brought her gaze close to his cock and the fist he had wrapped around it, very close. Now she had an exceptionally intimate glimpse of that cock, as magnificent a specimen of the erect male organ as Yvette had ever seen. And she had seen many, very many. It was a big one, a very big one. It was long, it was thick, it was very, very hard, and it was beautifully, perfectly shaped. 

Yvette knew cocks, and she loved cocks, considering herself a connoisseur of penis. And his was to cocks what a prized Bordeaux was to wines. She especially appreciated, in a cock, one which had that long stripe of muscle running along the length of the underside. That, she felt, always made a cock seem extra erect, extra tempting. As she watched this perfect stranger, with his perfect cock, she could see that he was feeling deep pleasure. He lay back on the large towel he'd been half sitting on and she saw his entire body tense and arch as his pleasure increased. She also saw his hand slow down as his climax neared, something that she loved to do when stroking or sucking a cock, to make the pleasure and ultimate explosion all the more intense.

As she watched, mesmerized, Yvette felt her cunt become wet to the point of overflow. She was tempted to go over to the stranger and help him finish but restrained herself, watching. After several minutes of building tension she saw his body tense and then his hips rise as a long, strong steam of cum erupted from his magnificent cock, thick spurt after thick spurt. Her knees nearly buckled as she lowered her binoculars and walked back to the room.

When she returned to join Steve for dinner she described in detail what she had observed. Like her, Steve, too, was a connoisseur of cock. He had himself a wonderful specimen, one of his many attractions, in Yvette's view. And, even more importantly, he knew how to use that specimen. They now both wondered, bantering lewdly, whether this boy, too, knew how to make good use of his exquisite specimen.

A few days later Yvette and Steve were both surprised when they saw who they had assumed the guy's girlfriend hugging and cavorting with another man. The puzzle was soon cleared up. A guest explained that the two whom Yvette and Steve had assumed to be lovers were actually brother and sister. The new guy was the sister's husband, who had just arrived with other members of his family to join the siblings. All this also made it more understandable that the guy would be off on his own stroking that big cock of his, masturbating. 

Learning more, they found out the guy's name was Raul, and that he was a nineteen-year old tennis pro from Spain. Now Yvette felt emboldened, learning that he was indeed unattached and having seen him work that sublime cock of his. So she approached him one morning on the beach and started talking, confessing that she had caught him jerking off. At first he blushed, but then he laughed, especially when Yvette complimented him on that cock of his. 

Then she took it a step further. She explained that she and Steve sometimes liked to add a guy to the mix and get into a sexy threesome, might he be up for that? He grinned a wolfish grin and said he just might, liking Yvette's provocative looks and manner. Now she asked, feeling bolder by the minute, whether Raul mixed it up with guys as well as girls. Here he backed off. He said he'd let a guy suck his cock and might consider fucking a guy, being sexually very open-minded, but that he wouldn't suck cock or let himself be fucked. That disappointed Yvette a bit since she and Steve had enjoyed a couple of torrid threesome that were no holes barred, everyone did and was done too. But she knew Steve would still go for a scene like this, where there'd be no reciprocity, but where Steve would get to enjoy that spectacular cock they'd been talking about for the past few days. So she said she was going back to their room, where Steve had just gone, and maybe Raul would like to join them. He said sure, but first he wanted to shower, then he'd head up to Yvette and Steve's room.

A few minutes later he showed up, saying that with so many relatives there now, the showers were being used and asked if he could shower in their room. Of course, Yvette told him, licking her lips as she looked over at Steve while Raul headed to the shower. 

Soon they were both in the bathroom, waiting for him, when Raul stepped out of the shower, stark naked and dripping wet. And what Raul saw right away was that Yvette and Steve were standing there, just as naked as he was,

Now they approached him, towels in hand, and started drying off his sleek, lithe smooth body. As they provocatively worked their towels over his ass, between his legs, and right over his cock they could feel that cock quickly hardening. And Raul, looking over at Steve, could see that Steve was already fully erect, his impressive cock standing up hard and straight, a beacon of virility.

Soon Raul's cock was standing up just as straight, Yvette giving Steve a meaningful look at they both glanced downward. Yvette had already glimpsed the stunning penis and now Steve could see for himself that her description hadn't exaggerated in the least. Last time she was forced to peek at that cock through a pair of binoculars; now Yvette was running a towel right over it! The sight and feel of it gave her goose bumps. And there was something else besides its sheer size, its length and thickness, and its steeliness. That was the angle at which it stood erect. Like Steve's, it stood up from his taut stomach at a sharp forty-five degree angle, so hard and erect it almost pressed right up against his stomach. Some erect cocks are plenty big and plenty thick when erect, but they have just a touch of sponginess to them and just stick out at a right angle, or even droop a little, rather than standing up straight, almost vertical. Those super-hard, super-virile cocks were the kind that did something special for Yvette. Steve had a cock like that. And now Yvette could see that this nineteen-year old Spanish tennis player did too, and his was even bigger and thicker than Steve's. She felt her blood rushing from her heart to her face to her now-soaked pussy.

"Come to bed," Yvette purred at the youth in her kittenish, seductive voice. And moments later Raul was between them as they pressed in on his taut, athletic body, reaching down together to stroke and tease his magnificent penis. Yvette, who was good at making such estimates, guessed that he carried around ten stiff inches down there. And his splendid tool seemed almost as thick as her wrist.

They ganged up on him now, Yvette and Steve, as Raul just lay back, naked and happy, eyes closed, cock sticking up, obscenely erect. The two of them dragged their tongues down over his chest, teasing his nipples, then over his smooth, taut tummy until they found themselves face to face, the massive shaft of his erect cock between them. 

Yvette and Steve gazed at each other, their eyes flaming with hunger, lust, desire as, in an orgy of attentiveness, attentiveness to cock, they brushed their fingertips over his taut penis, held it, stroked it, shared it, licked it together, two tongues gliding up and down from his balls to the tip and back again. They licked his cock together; they licked his balls together. They took turns, Yvette licking his cock while Steve licked his balls, then switching.

"God! I really want to suck this cock now, don't you, baby?" Yvette hissed, her voice raspy with heated lust. 

"Very much so!" Steve groaned. "I'm hungry."

"Hungry for cock, huh?" Yvette gasped, nearly breathless now, as she licked her lips and then opened her mouth wide and clamped her lips around the bulbous cockhead, sucking Raul as Steve twisted the shaft in his hand, stroking the steel hard penis as Yvette devoured it. Raul moaned and sighed, reaching down with his hands, pressing their heads against him, greedy for the oral attention, not just letting Yvette suck him, but fucking her mouth.

"God, it tastes so fucking good!" Yvette said after devouring him for several long minutes, a long clear strand of precum trailing from her lips to his cock-slit as she handed the cock over to Steve finally. "You suck him now, Steve, suck that cock! Let Raul see you're just as hungry a cocksucker as I am!"

Yvette watched avidly as Steve took the huge cock in his hand and started to suck it. Raul, unwilling to suck cock himself, had no problem with another man sucking his, loving it, loving it as much he loved having Yvette suck it.

"Oooooooh yeah, look how much you love sucking it," Yvette hissed, her eyes and Steve's locking as Steve locked his lips around the thick shaft. Somehow it really turned Yvette on to watch Steve suck another man's cock, a virile stud sucking another virile stud, man to man. With one hand she held the shaft, feeding it to him. With the other, she pushed down on the back of his head, wanting him to take as much as he could in his mouth and down his throat. 

"You and me, Steve, we're such a pair of cocksuckers," she chuckled as she now moved a hand down between her own legs, feeling how wet she was down there, how soaked, her clit as hard as a marble. Staring at that massive, steel hard cock between Steve's lips, Yvette suddenly felt a need. She felt a need to have that cock inside her, inside her cunt. She felt a need to get fucked! 

So now Yvette flung herself on her back and spread her legs wide open, smiling sexily at the two men. Or, at nineteen, should she still be thinking of Raul as a boy? Somehow that was appealing. She loved this moment, this "here I am, come fuck me" moment when her pussy was on flaming display, wet, ready and eager. Usually it was Steve who stepped up to the plate right now, but now Raul was here and with the kind of oral stimulation his cock had been getting, no one was going to stop him from forcing that massive cock of his between those open legs, and into that raw, luscious cunt of Yvette's.

As he slid his sleek body between Yvette's open legs, Steve took Raul's massive cock in his hand and guided it into Yvette's pussy. Then Raul took over, working that cock inside Yvette with one smooth, relentless plunge. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh god!" Yvette groaned as she savored the exquisite moment, the invasion of her cunt by this spectacular cock she and Steve had been worshiping and servicing. She relished the sensation of her cunt being stretched, forced open by the thick powerful shaft of Raul's cock. Steve watched as Yvette scissored her legs around Raul's waist, pressed him close to her, and arched her pelvis upward to get that big cock of his deep, deep and hard. For Steve's money, Yvette was the best fuck imaginable, a sensual seductress and a carnal animal wrapped in one. 

"He's so big, baby, he's thick and so hard!" Yvette hissed, turning to Steve, sharing her feelings. There was no jealousy whatsoever between these two, each relishing the pleasure they enjoyed with others, Steve sharing in the pleasure Yvette experienced with another man, or with a woman, and Yvette feeling the same. 

Then Yvette looked right into Raul's eyes.

"Fuck me, Raul, fuck me!" she groaned.

He fucked her, alright, hammering her with hard steady thrusts. His cock was huge, his wiry body stong and muscled. And Yvette was in heaven, filled as she was with ten or so inches of thick, rock hard, virile cock! He was pounding into her now, Yvette feeling his big balls slapping against her ass the head of his cock pushing against her uterus… exactly the way she loved being fucked.

"God, you feel so fucking good inside me," she just about shrieked, bucking up to meet his hard thrusts, her cunt as filled as a cunt could be. Steve was rock hard himself, laying next to these two fuckers, Yvette reaching out with a hand to stroke his cock. Then Steve reached out too, running his hand over Raul's smooth, taut ass, Raul pumping away furiously, fucking Yvette. He ran his hand over the ass, then down over Raul's balls, even feeling that cock of Raul's, hard and wet, as it thrust into Yvette. Then he glided a single finger up and down the crack between Raul's cheeks, teasing him, wondering if one day he'd surrender that sexy ass of his to cock, as Steve knew he himself would be doing as soon as Yvette had enough of Raul.

But Yvette could be greedy! So now as Yvette kept luxuriating in the ecstasy of Raul's cock, Steve slid down behind the teen, spread his cheeks wide open and pressed his face between them, digging his tongue into the crack, and rimming Raul's hole. He guessed Raul wouldn't mind that.

"Is he licking your ass, Raul?" Yvette gasped, "Steve loves to lick -- pussy, cock, ass, balls. He knows what to do with that tongue, doesn't he?"

"Yes, yes!" Raul moaned, his accented English so very sexy "feels so good."

Steve knew Yvette well. He could sense her breaths coming faster and deeper, see the fine sheen of sweat on her glistening skin, the murmurs coming form her throat, the way her body was quivering, the way she was clutching Raul, meeting his thrusts; Steve knew Yvette was close, very close. She was about to.... cum.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!" came the tell-tale groans and Steve knew Yvette had entered paradise, her orgasms always so expressive, so strong and so vivid. He quickly moved away from Raul's ass to look at her now; he loved the look on her face at the moment of orgasm, and the moments after. She first gazed up at Raul, the stud who had made her cum, cum so strongly, then at Steve, the man who was here with her, sharing, sharing it all. 

"I feel so good!" Yvette whispered huskily, a blissful, radiant look animating her pretty face, her eyes alive with the glow of pleasure. But Steve knew Yvette, knew her well. What she almost always wanted after experiencing a first, glorious, intense orgasm, was another one. So she was hardly ready for Raul to pull out of her. Instead, she deftly maneuvered, as she had so many times with Steve, so that their two bodies swung around, Raul below her now, Yvette on top, straddling him. Steve knew she craved it like this, loved to ride a cock. And Raul's steely ten inch shaft was the perfect cock to ride. Steve loved the view from behind too, Yvette's luscious, full ass and, below it, her pussy wrapped around a cock.

Slowly, Yvette began to rock up and down on the shaft, straining to take it deep, to the balls, breathless again, groaning, flailing her head from side to side as her wanton, pleasure-loving self, her fucking self, took over again.

"Oh fuck! That feels so goddamned good!" she hissed excitedly, riding him as he lay there below her, slowly thrusting up into her body as she bore down hard with her cunt, grinding against him. Steve savored the view, slowly stroking himself, hungry again. So now he got behind the fucking duo and, starting with Raul's big balls, licked them, then slowly and tantalizingly dragged his tongue up the length of the shaft as it pumped in and out of Yvette until his tongue was wedged into that magic sweet spot where Yvette's pussy was clenched around Raul's shaft, savoring the taste of pussy and cock at once. And finally, dragging his tongue even higher now, licking Yvette's asshole as he had Raul's, when he was on top.

"God yes, A big cock in my cunt, a warm, slippery tongue in my ass! What more could a horny slut ask for!" she rejoiced, fucking Raul with raw vigor, fucking him until, moments later, she came again.

"That was almost as good as the first one," she said, finally dismounting, pulling herself away, with some reluctance, from Raul's cock. But she knew she shouldn't be too greedy. After all there was Steve. He and his ass had yet to enjoy the fucking magic of Raul's massive cock.

"Okay, baby, assume the position," she said to Steve with a knowing glance. He had assumed that position for another stud with Yvette a few times, but many more times for Yvette herself, after she had strapped a dildo to herself. She loved fucking Steve, pounding his ass, and knew how much Steve loved having that ass of his pounded.

Now Steve got up on elbows and knees for the two of them. Yvette somehow loved when a man did that, assumed the position and stuck out his ass like a slut in heat. She was so often a slut in heat herself and she relished seeing a man, a masculine man, transformed into a cock-craving slut. Usually it was the other stud who stuck it out and Steve who did the fucking. But this time Steve would be the slut, and he would be the one who got fucked.

Since Yvette and Steve were enthusiastic ass fuckers, they made sure to bring the requisite lubricant with them when they traveled together. Now Raul watched, a little amazed, as Yvette pointedly squeezed out a big dab of slick clear gel onto her fingertips and slapped it into Steve's ass crack, rubbing it over his hole, then working more inside him with well-greased fingers. Then she told Raul to kneel behind Steve ash she reached for his tool.

The pitch of her arousal by now was so intense that Yvette's hand trembled as she took hold of Raul's massive and magnificent cock, its girth so thick she couldn't get her hand completely around it, the shaft so erect it felt almost metallically hard, like a length of steel tubing, but alive, SO alive! She held the stunning cock in her hand, slick and glistening from just having so thoroughly plowed her own cunt, awestruck by its size, its taut erect perfection. And there, an inch from the smooth, round cockhead, which was the size and shape of a large plum, was Steve's asshole, so provocatively, almost obscenely exposed as he knelt there, ready and waiting, sticking out that sculpted ass of his, waiting for it. The asshole was slick from Yvette's careful lubing, puckered, and unlike a pussy, clenched and closed. It seemed almost impossible that a cock of this girth could penetrate such a puny orifice. And yet she knew it would, would the way Steve's own impressive penis had so often penetrated her own equally clenched orifice. Raul had never fucked another male ass before but he was powerless to resist at this point. Yvette had him completely captivated with lust, pure raw lust.

Yvette loved this about anal sex, about ass fucking. A pussy is designed, and looks designed, to accommodate a cock. It says "come inside, enter me, fill me!" the labia open, the cunt seeking and welcoming its visitor. But while a pussy is like an open door, an asshole is the opposite, it's a door seemingly closed, or opened just a crack. But that little crack is so tempting, challenging the forcefulness and the virility of a cock, as though it were saying: "let's see you try and enter, fuck me, fuck my ass, fuck it if you can, fuck it if you're hard enough. Fuck it if you're man enough!" 
