 Please vote. Please give me the support of your votes.

 A Threesome while Husband Watches

 While vacationing in Italy, a husband hired three men to strip his wife naked and have sex with her while he watched.

 Author's Note: 

 This is a true story of what happened between a loving husband and his beautiful, sexy wife. This story may be disturbing to those married couples who don't believe in infidelity and who believe in, 'Until death do you part' romance and fairytales. This story may be shocking and may not be appropriate reading material for those who are not sexual perverts. This story is rated PMR, for Perverted, Mature, Readers only.

 All of you who are Bible thumpers, holly rollers, Mormons, Angelicas, holier than thou, and Born Again Christians, please leave the room so that those of us who are sexually perverted can read this story in peace. Thank you for understanding and have a nice day.

 "Pardon? Yes, of course, as long as you keep the locker room comments to yourselves, you and Billy Bush are welcome to stay, Mr. Trump to read my story."

 ### ILookLikeJailBait ###

 Antonio Romani, Sophia's husband, is a successful biographer of famous Italians. Obviously, for him to earn a living writing biographies of famous Italians, there are plenty of famous Italians. Born in Palermo, Sicily and having moved to Milan when he was a child, he met Sophia when they were 18-year-old teenagers. The dated for four years, fell in love, and married right after college before moving to America where they became United States citizens.

 Tall and shapely thin with large breasts, Sophia Romani is a beautiful, olive skinned, Italian woman. Unbeknownst to Antonio, with Sophia growing up in a small Italian village outside of Milan and her father abandoning his family, her mother and her two sisters sold their bodies for money to support the family. Later, even though she tried to resist the temptation, following in her mother's footsteps, Sophia sold her body to pay her way through college.

 Antonio is a very dark, skinned Sicilian. He looked almost black and sometimes, he acted as if he was and pretended to be black. Able to fool even most black people, sometimes he passed himself off as a black man instead of a Sicilian man whenever the ruse suited him to his benefit. Being that Sicily is so close to Africa, barely 220 miles, many Africans have migrated to Sicily over the years, which may explain why some Sicilians have much darker skin than most other Italians.

 Antonio and Sophia, named after Sophia Loren, have been married for 13 years, since they were 22-years-old, and have two children, Gabriella 11-years-old and Giovani, 8-years-old. They live in Little Italy, an Italian neighborhood in Bronx, New York. They own a three floor, three apartment building and live on the top floor that has access to the roof where Sophia has her rooftop garden.

 As their thirteen-year anniversary gift to one another, they arranged for a two-week vacation in Italy. A tax write-off for him, Antonio would use the time to do more research on a new book he was writing about Michelangelo and Sophia would see the sights and reconnect with family and friends. The children stayed in America with Sophia's mother, Theresa.

 Even though they are still deeply in love and are happily married, they both have had sexual affairs with other people. Only, Antonio had no idea that his wife, the love of his wife, has had many more sexual affairs that he has had. Unusual for a wife to have more sexual affairs than her husband but in the case of this married couple, she has had more sex with men than he has had sex with women.

 The only rule they have is that if they have sex with someone else, they must tell their partner all of the sexual details. Just as much as Sophia enjoys telling her husband about her sexual exploits, Antonio enjoys hearing about his wife's sexual exploits. They both enjoying sharing their sexual fantasies during pillow talk and even play out some of their sexual fantasies by roleplaying.

 ### ILookLikeJailBait ###

 It wasn't that Sophia is a whore, she wasn't. She's more selective than that. She'd never have sex with just any man. It wasn't that Antonio was a whoremonger, they just wanted to add some sexy spice to their marriage by having sex with other people. He's more selective than that too. He'd never have sex with just any woman. 

 Since they were married, other than the secret gangbang she had with Antonio's three poker buddies, they've had sex with their best friends, Michael and his wife Rita, a pretty redhead. Sophia had sex with her boss, Tom, and Antonio had sex with his secretary, Maria. Hardly defined as swingers, especially when not counting Sophia's gangbang, in the 13-years they were married they strayed four times each.

 Only, now that they were in their mid-thirties, the need to have more sex with more people was a driving force for them wanting to have more sex with more people. Typically, the man has a greater sex drive than the woman but in the case of Sophia, her libido was much greater than Antonio's sex drive. Yet, rather than actively participating in more sexual affairs with more women, a recent phenomenon, Antonio would rather watch his wife having sex with men.

 He loved watching her interact with other men, especially when she didn't that he was watching. When not self-conscious in knowing that he was there watching, he loved the way she talked with her hands, fluffed back her long, brown hair, and flirted. She was such a sexy bitch. She knew how to use every part of her shapely body to sexually arouse any man. If she didn't excite a man by her words, she excited him by her actions. Moreover, she wasn't shy about taking what she wanted.

 As long as his wife was sexually happy, he was sexually happy too. As long as Sophia didn't fall in love with someone else and/or get pregnant by someone else, he allowed her to have sex with whomever she wanted and whenever she wanted. Without allowing his possessiveness or his jealousy to get in the way, he loved her that much to allow her as much freedom and sexual pleasure as she wanted. 

 Interestingly and oddly enough, with Antonio's permission always there for Sophia to have sex with other men, she more enjoyed talking about the sex she already had with other men. Rather than to actively have sex, she more enjoyed talking about the sex she'd like to have with new men, even celebrity men, such as Brad Pitt, George Clooney, and Ryan Reynolds. Their big thing was pillow talk and roleplaying before, after, and during having sex with one another.

 Most times, this open dialogue added the spice they needed to remain faithful and not to stray. Most times, they received enough sexual satisfaction from one another to not want to have sex with anyone else. Talking about having sex with others was enough to keep them from having sex with others. Talking about Sophia having sex with other men was what Antonio love to do.

 ### ILookLikeJailBait ###

 Yet, even though they've been happily married for the past few years without having the need to have sex with anyone else, being that this was the year of Sophia's 35th birthday, Antonio wanted to give her something special. After they had sex, she confessed her sexual fantasy during pillow talk. She wanted to have sex with three men that she didn't know and had never met. 

 "I'd like to be stripped naked and taken by three men that I don't know and have never met," she said.

 As if watching for his reaction to see what he thought of what she had just said, she brushed back her long, lush, brown hair to stare in his dark brown eyes with her big, beautiful, brown eyes.

 "Wow," said Antonio.

 What else was there to say? He imagined three men stripping his wife naked. He imagined them touching and feeling her everywhere a husband should only be allowed to touch and feel his wife. He imagined Sophia sucking three men and them cumming in her mouth and all over her face and naked breasts. He imagined her making love to three men before they took her and fucked her fast and hard.

 In the way they always had roleplaying, pillow talk before, during, and after having sex, at first he thought that this was just more roleplaying, pillow talk. He thought that they were just talking about her being stripped naked and taken. Instead, she surprised him with what she said next. 

 "Only, more than just having sex, I want to feel forced," she said dropping her head as if already submitting to the violent will of three men. She bit her lip and looked at her husband with trepidation before confessing the next part of her sexual fantasy. "As if they're intruders, as long as they don't really hurt me, I want them to rape me," she said closing her eyes and wrapping her arms around herself as if she was already imagining being stripped naked and raped.

 It was then that Antonio realized that this was more than just her sexual fantasy. Moreover, this was more than just sex. This was a violent act. Sophia didn't want to be loved by three men, she wanted to be brutalized by three men. Moreover, by the intense look on her face, she really wanted this to happen. A new chapter in their sexual relationship, he couldn't believe that Sophia wanted three men to rape her.

 'Oh, my God,' he thought while looking at his wife holding herself with her eyes closed.

 "Seriously? That's your sexual fantasy? You want three men to strip you naked and...rape you?"

 She popped open her eyes with her arms still wrapped around herself as if she was suddenly cold.

 "Yes," she said.

 Antonio looked at his wife as if he didn't even know his wife.

 "You want three men to take you, to touch you, and to feel you everywhere before forcing you to have sex with them," he said.

 She looked at him with obvious, sexual excitement.

 "Yes, God yes," she said. "I do. That's what I want. That's what I really, really want."

 He looked at her as if she was a different woman, a new woman, and an even more sexual woman than his wife. Right now, in the sexy way she looked, if she wasn't the mother of his children, he wouldn't even recognize her. In the way she looked, she could have been an actress playing a part. She could have been a porn star ready to make a classic porn movie. She could have been a woman he paid for the night, a prostitute that he confessed all of his sexual desires. In reality, she was his wife and his whore. In reality, he never loved her as much as he loved her now.

 "You want three men to rape you," he said repeating what she confessed to make sure that he was hearing her correctly.

 She nodded her head in the affirmative before even answering him.

 "Yes," she said breathlessly as if she had already had sex with three, violent men.

 He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her on the forehead.

 "If that's what you really want, I can arrange that for you," he said.

 ### ILookLikeJailBait ###

 As if giving him permission to go ahead and find three men to rape her, she nodded her head again in the affirmative. The sexual possibilities were endless. He could tell her what he was planning to do or he could surprise her. Whether he told her of kept it as a surprise, Antonio was determined to satisfy his wife's sexual fantasy by hiring three men to have sex with his beautiful, sexy wife.

 It was only fair for him to sexually satisfy her in the way she allowed him to sexually satisfy himself. As his 35th birthday gift last year, she paid for a blonde, sexy stripper and a black, sexy stripper, and for the private use of the VIP room at the strip club. He hadn't ejaculated four times in one night since he was a teenager. Worth every penny of the two thousand dollars she paid as her birthday gift to him, these women knew what to do with their hands, their mouths, and their pussies.

 It was his first time going to a strip club. With him having such a great sex life with his wife, he never had the need to watch women dancing around a pole while stripping off their clothes. Yet, after watching the Soprano's series on TV and seeing their strip club, 'Bada Bing,' if only to say that he had experienced it, he had always been curious about what goes on in the VIP room of a strip club. Now, he knows.

 God only knows what he did in there with two sexy strippers as Sophia didn't want to know. It was enough for her that he was happy and sexually satisfied. Just as his sexual fantasy didn't include her, he figured that her sexual fantasy wouldn't include him. Just as she didn't want him to tell her all of the sexual details of what he did in the VIP room, he figured that she didn't want to tell him about the sexual details of her having sex with three men.

 "Three men? You want to have sex with three men at the same time?" He teased her. "And where would I find three men willing to strip you naked and have sex with you?"

 She laughed while sucking in her toned tummy, puffing out her big chest, and striking a pose as if she was a topless model on the cover of Playboy magazine.

 "That shouldn't be too difficult with my pretty face and shapely body," she said. "Just as my two sisters would fuck you in a heartbeat, your two brother would fuck me in a heartbeat too," she said with a sexy laugh.

 He nodded his head in agreement.

 "Okay," he said feeling her naked breasts and fingering her already erect nipples.

 Only, she surprised him with what she said next.

 "If you don't mind, something that would really, sexually excite me," she said with a pause.

 At this point in time with their sexual relationship so open and so honest, he could only imagine what it was that would really, sexually excite her.

 "Yes? Tell me," he said with a smile. "What would really, sexually excite you?"

 She gave him the sweet smile that always melted his heart and never failed to hardened his cock. As if she already knew something that he didn't know, it was the same smile she gave him when she first met him 17-years-ago when she was 18-years-old. Not that it mattered now, but she told him she was a virgin, even though she was a whore. It was the same smile that promised him a lifetime of her sexy smiles. Even though he has had sex with other women while married to her, he wouldn't trade her for any woman on the planet. As far as he was concerned, there was no woman sexier than his wife, Sophia.

 "I'd like for you to watch," she said giving him a sexy smile and a naughty look.

 'If I don't mind?' As this was his sexual fantasy too, he laughed to himself.

 "Really? You want me to watch you having sex with three men? Gees, Sophia, I don't know if I could do that. I'd find that really disturbing to watch my wife sucking and fucking three men," he said with a straight face.

 She smirked.

 "I know you. You'd love to watch me with three men," she said.

 She moved her left hand up and down as if giving someone a hand job while she moved her right hand back and forth in front of her mouth as if giving a blowjob. She even pushed out her cheek with her tongue to make it appear as if she had a cock in her mouth.

 "Okay, okay, you got me," he said with a laugh. "Your wish is my command, my love," he said giving her a kiss. "I'll get three men from my old neighborhood," he said.

 ### ILookLikeJailBait ###

 Being that Antonio was born here before migrating to the United States and becoming a U. S. citizen, he still had family and friends in Italy. He certainly knew three men from his old neighborhood who he trusted to not only keep his wife's sexual fantasy to themselves but also to keep her safe from physical harm. Just as the last thing he wanted was for anyone to think that his wife was a whore, a putana, the last thing he wanted was for anyone to hurt Sophia.

 He knew that once his three friends saw how truly beautiful, sexy, and shapely Sophia was, they'd be more than happy to accommodate his wife's sexual desires for free. Yet, knowing they could use the extra cash, he was willing to pay them one-thousand-dollars American each for the pleasure of giving his wife all that she sexually wanted as his 35th birthday gift to her. Even though Sophia wanted three men she didn't know and never met, he'd rather hire someone that he knew and trusted than to solicit strangers that he didn't know and had never met. He'd rather keep his wife safe than to put her in harm's way.

 The plan was to surprise his wife unexpectedly. Giving them an hour notice, he'd call his three friends when he wanted them to come to his hotel room. His hotel was just a few blocks from his old neighborhood. His old, best friend was, Luigi, a tough looking man with scarred face. Antonio smiled at his old friend. He looked as if he had been in a knife fight and lost but if he was the last man standing, one could only imagine what happened to the loser.

 "It's Sophia's birthday. Do you remember her? You came to our wedding," said Antonio.

 Luigi rubbed his chin. Obviously, from the look of recognition on his face, but keeping it to himself, he remembered his wife. Obviously, from the sly look on his face, he was probably one of the men who had sex with her and/or her mother when they were both local whores.

 "It was so long ago. I haven't see her in thirteen-years. Let me think. Sophia. Sophia," he said as if trying to remember her. "Si, Antonio. I remember her now. Bella, ragazza, bella ragazza," said Luigi in a deep voice, with a heavy Italian accent while making the shape of an hour glass with his hands.

 Antonio included the other two men, Angelo and Vito, to tell them more of his instructions. They also attended their wedding. Being that these were men he trusted, he hoped they'd all agree to give Sophia the best 35th birthday party.

 "It's my wife's 35th birthday and for my 35th birthday she allowed me to have fun in the VIP room of a strip club," said Antonio.

 Luigi looked at Antonio with envy.

 "Mama Mia," said Luigi in broken English and with a heavy Italian accent. "My wife would cut off my balls if she caught me in a strip club," said Luigi.

 Antonio smiled with pride.

 "Being that Sophia allowed me to have my sexual fantasy, I want her to have her sexual fantasy as well," he said.

 He fell back into the habit of talking more with his hands now that he was talking with his friends again.

 "Non capisco. I don't understand," said Luigi.

 Before Antonio even told him what he wanted him to do, Luigi already looked at him as if he was nuts.

 "Sophia wants to have a threesome. I want you all to have sex with my wife," said Antonio looking from one man to the other. "Not only that, she wants to feel forced. She wants you three to strip her naked, literally rip the clothes off of her body. She wants to be sexually abused as if she's being raped," said Antonio. "And she wants me there to watch."

 The three men fell silent while looking at one another.

 "Madonna Mia," said Luigi finally speaking.

 Luigi looked from Antonio to look at Vito.

 "Madonami," said Vito.

 Vito looked from Luigi to look at Angelo.

 "Madon," said Angelo anointing himself with the sign of the cross.

 Angelo looked at Luigi before looking at Antonio.

 "Will you do it? Will you all fuck my wife and allow her to suck you? You may cum in her mouth. She swallows," said Antonio.

 As if asking their permission, Luigi looked from Vito to Angelo again. All three men smiled wildly while nodding.

 "Si," said Luigi.

 He shook Antonio's hand.

 "Si," said Vito.

 He shook Antonio's hand.

 "Si," said Angelo.

 He patted Antonio on the back.

 "And I will pay you for your time and for your pleasure. I will give you each one-thousand-dollars American to have sex with my wife," said Antonio counting out thirty, one-hundred dollar bills.
