 While this story follows on from my previous story "Setting Up Camp", it can also stand alone for those after a quick read.

*****

The night passed to the sound of rain and the comfort of shared body warmth. We may as well have been alone in the campsite. Setting up camp had at least gone well the previous afternoon, so there was no chance of any leaking drips disturbing our peace.

The next morning began with brilliant sunshine, casting its rays through the comfortable cocoon of our tent. It was a beautiful day outside. Making the most of the surrounding wilderness, we explored countless walking trails that we'd looked up during the week before. While the bushland was still thoroughly drenched from the downpour the night before, the day provided winter sunshine in abundance. Soon enough we were stripped down to short sleeves and working up a sweat. There were numerous beaches in the area, as well as the walking tracks, and it felt like we explored them all. It was bliss. Among the hard slog of the bushwalks, we found time for leisurely walks on the sandy beach, hand in hand. Needless to say, many an adoring selfie was taken.

As the afternoon progressed we finally settled back in at the camp, our muscles comfortably weary from the day's adventures. Being winter, there were only a handful of other tents at the campsite, despite the idyllic location. The only one near us was occupied by a young couple - our age or perhaps slightly younger. They had a larger tent, outside of which they now lounged on camp chairs, enjoying the contents of their esky. 'It looks like someone's well prepared for their weekend,' Suz remarked, casting an appraising eye at our temporary neighbours. We waved, and got a smile and a wave in return from the man in his chair, who was clearly casting his own appraising eye in our direction.

There was one request Suz had had for this trip: a campfire. I was not about to let her down. Thankfully I was prepared for once. The surrounding bushland was still damp and unusable from the previous night's downpour, but we had brought firewood of our own. I have to admit, I felt like a hero as I unloaded armful after armful of wood from the back of the car.

Suz and I messed around and built the fire as best we could. I arranged the pieces artfully, as if I actually knew what I was doing. Suz looked suitably impressed, as thankfully she didn't know any better. We laughed and carried on like idiots as we slowly brought the fire to life, probably making a bit more of a bonfire than a simple campfire. 'It's alive!' we cackled, as the flames reached up into the darkening sky.

It clearly got the attention of the couple next to us, as the man walked over to introduce himself. His name was Dan. 'I can't believe you guys brought your own firewood, that's such a good idea,' Dan said, enviously eyeing our oversized campfire. Dan was tall - almost my height - with straight, auburn hair and dark-coloured eyes. He was clearly in good shape, even though his coat covered too much to get a real look.

I laughed. 'I did not want to disappoint. Suzie here had her heart set on a campfire this trip, but it always rains any time we go away.'

'Well...' Dan cut in. 'My fiancee Mel and I were thinking maybe we could come and join you?' We glanced over at his other half, still reclining in her camp chair, glass of wine at the ready. I couldn't make out much of Mel at this distance, other than blonde hair and long legs. From what I could see though, I was certainly happy for them to keep up company.

'Come on over, then,' Suz replied with a grin. 'You and your wine are more than welcome at our campfire!'

As it turns out, Dan and Mel were actually great company. We soon got past the initial 'get to know you' chit chat, and as we slowly consumed the contents of their esky, chit chat gave way to stories and laughter. Mel was a great girl, although a bit shy, which was surprising considering how beautiful she turned out to be up close. Suz and Mel talked a bit on-and-off, but Suz was clearly drawn more to Dan as the night drew on, so Mel and I talked more frequently. The sky clouded over as the night deepened.

It started to get colder and a wind picked up, casting sparks into the night sky from our well-stoked fire. Suz and Dan seemed oblivious to the cold as their laughter carried on the breeze. I could hear my name thrown into the conversation - no doubt at my expense. They sat close together, almost like they were huddling for warmth, with her mere inches away from leaning against his arm as they chatted. She cast frequent glances my way and smiled, as if reassuring me. Well, I knew who she would be thinking about tonight when I finally got her into bed. It looked like the flirtation wasn't one-sided other, as Dan quite happily sat absorbed in her company.

'Hey, did you want a jacket or anything?' I asked Mel, as the breeze seemed to drop the temperature a few more degrees.

'Oh, it's ok, I'll go and get mine,' she responded, getting up and walking back towards her own tent. I considered insisting she wear mine, but she was already on her way. I watched as she left, taking the opportunity to truly admire her fantastic legs and ass as she walked away. Ok, so maybe Suz wasn't the only one who would be doing some daydreaming tonight. We weren't strangers to envisioning the occasional fantasy while together in bed. I barely noticed the first drops of rain that came down as I reluctantly pried my eyes of Mel and turned around to talk to Suz and Dan.

'Sounds like you two are having a grand old time over here,' I chimed in. They merely laughed.

'It's not every day I meet someone who can make it rain,' Dan replied, grinning at Suz. I was a little stunned Suz had been talking about our night before, where it had seemed the skies had opened as we reached climax. I didn't have a chance for a comeback. As if on cue at Dan's words, the few drops of rain which I barely noticed turned into a downpour.

'Oh my God,' Suz burst out, jumping to her feet. Hastily gathering a few items from the fireside, we dashed about in a mad scramble to get out of the rain, with Suz playfully shoving Dan and blaming his words for the sudden drenching. In a mad dash, the three of us piled into the tent.

Needless to say, it was a bit crowded. Although we'd only been in the rain for a few moments, we were half soaked, but still laughing as we squirmed around to get comfortable in the confined space. We finally settled, each of us sitting in different corners of the tent. Suz and I discarded our now-wet jackets and shoes, and Dan sat by the door, still in his dark coat.

'Well, that was sudden. I didn't realise that just thinking about it would start the rain like that,' I joked. 'I hope Mel didn't get too wet, she was heading back to your tent for another jacket or something.'

'Mel!' Dan called out. All we could hear was the rain in response. 'Mel! Mel!' we called together, but still to no response. The rain continued unabated.

'Well, may as well get comfortable,' I shrugged. 'Dan, pass that coat over here, we'll put it with our jackets.' Dan obliged, revealing a plain black t-shirt underneath. My previous assumption was correct - Dan definitely kept in shape. I tried to catch a glimpse of Suz out of the corner of my eye to see if she was watching, but she was either not interested or just more circumspect than me when checking people out.

Suz didn't hesitate to snuggled up under the doona though - right in the middle of the tent - at the mention of getting comfortable.

'Hey, do you mind if I ditch these jeans?' I asked. The hems of the jeans were soaked through. Dan just shrugged.

Suz though, clearly under the effect of the wine, gave a little clap. 'Woo, take it off!' she teased. I laughed, laying beside her and pulling the doona over myself for the sake of decency as I undid my belt and stripped down to my boxers. Finally laying back, I noticed with some surprise Suz just finishing doing the same, kicking off her jeans to the bottom of the tent. I could feel her naked thigh against mine as we lay there under the covers. My cock stirred involuntarily.

'You don't have to sit over there, I don't bite,' said Suz, patting the spare patch of doona to her other side. After a cautious glance at me to check if it was ok, Dan lay down on Suz's left. Suz's breathing quickened slightly as I started running my hands up and down her legs and stomach. I was more than a little turned on. We always loved the idea of being watched, and now here we were in this small tent, pants off, pressed against each other. I couldn't help but touch her.

'So,' Dan said. 'Nice setup you have here.'

I would have responded with something suitably awkward, if not for the fact that Suz reached out and pulled my face to hers. It started off slow; I wasn't exactly certain where this was going but the closeness of her had me wanting to climb on top of her there and then, regardless of our visitor. Suz lay there, flat on her back, pulling my mouth insistently to hers as I propped myself beside her, one hand still caressing her body.

The intensity scaled up rapidly. I no longer spared a thought for Dan's potential awkwardness as Suz and I kissed passionately. My hands on her body grew more insistent, pulling her towards me. She continued to lay flat on her back, as if reluctant to pull herself against me and completely give herself in to me. But, I wasn't about to stop now. Pulling her underwear to the side, I slid a single finger inside her, feeling her heat. Slowly, I pushed in and out tentatively, noticing how little I needed to do to get her natural lubricants flowing. She gasped slightly through our kiss, then reached her hand down to wrap around my rapidly-hardening cock.

Breathing fast, I pulled back, breaking our kiss. Suz remained there on her back, eyes closed, slightly thrusting her hips against my finger inside her. Dan lay on her other side, propped on his side like my mirror image. Obvious surprise showed on his face. The doona now covered him too, bunched up around his waist as if to hide an erection, I noticed. I couldn't blame him. Neither of us said a word as we both looked at Suz laying between us, her movements obvious as she grinded against my hand. What she was doing was unmistakable, and she either didn't care about the extra attention or was simply loving it. It was hard to tell.

Well, I may as well be the one to start this.

Slowly I pushed the doona down towards our feet. Suz's shirt was pushed up to her chest, exposing her perfect stomach. As I kicked away the doona my cock sprang free, revealing Suz's fingers wrapped around it, gently squeezing. Suz's body was brought into full view, her stomach muscles clenching as she pushed against my fingers, which were still deep inside her, moving slowly in and out. She was so wet you could hear it as I fingered her ever-more-insistently, putting on quite a show. And Dan...

Well, it turns out the bunched doona wasn't just hiding an erection; nor was I the one to have finally started the action. The missing doona showed his pants were already undone and Suz's left hand was buried inside them, slowly jerking him off. Oh wow. I was so stunned my hand stopped its attentions for a moment.

Suz opened her eyes and pulled me back in, kissing my open mouth, urging me through the moment of realisation. After the barest hesitation, I responded with enthusiasm of my own. Pashing her deeply, I started pushing down her underwear bit by bit while Dan began tentatively massaging her breasts through her shirt, feeling more confident that boundaries were well and truly lifted. She lifted her hips to allow me to pull her panties down, exposing her clean shaven pussy, arching up; wanting, inviting. Some awkward scrambling ensued, as she went through tne necessary steps of trying to kick her underwear off. Seemingly giving up, Suz rolled over and raised herself up onto her hands and knees instead, allowing me to slide them off for her past her feet.

She turned, pointing her ass towards me, and as she reached her hand back down to Dan's exposed cock, she finally leaned in and kissed him. Their kiss was slow, exploratory, but quickly building as they got their rhythm, clearly filled with pent-up lust from the afternoon of flirting. I heard their racing breath when they stopped.

I was quickly running out of space with Suz kneeling crossways through the small tent, so I shifted up onto my own knees. I kissed down her back, then thrust my fingers back inside her, her wetness taking two fingers to the hilt in one thrust. A rewarding shudder coursed through her body. Dan arched his own hips upward and hastily started kicking himself free of his pants. Suz gave a few more strokes of his cock as he kicked himself free, then she leaned down and slowly started teasing the tip of his cock with her tongue. He was rock hard, and looked similar in size to me with Suz's beautiful fingers still wrapped around it.

Bit by bit, she started bobbing her head further, taking more and more of him into her mouth. Dan lay back, closing his eyes, lips moving. I could faintly make out the words 'Oh my God,' repeated over and over has Suz sucked his dick with increasing energy.

I watched in fascination, picking up my own pace as I thrust my fingers inside her, her upraised ass rocking slightly back and forth against me. Dan's whispered words trailed off, leaving only the sound of my fingers and Suz's mouth, both making wet sucking and fucking noises. I felt the familiar beginnings of Suz's climax start to run through her body already. Her pussy clenched, as if reaching to pull my fingers further inside her, and her rhythm faltered. One twitch. Two.

Suz moaned loudly around Dan's cock as her body started to tense, but she didn't stop the urgent bobbing of her head. 'Holy shit,' Dan gasped, opening his eyes to watch as Suz rocked through the throes of her orgasm, moaning loudly but never once letting Dan's cock escape her mouth. We both watched the show as I slowly slid just a single finger in and out of her, feeling the pulses as she came around it.

She raised her head finally, gasping for breath. 'I have to have you,' she spoke to the room. She manoeuvred herself around, and I lay down beside her, offering myself. But it wasn't me that she crawled towards and climbed on top of.

I was speechless. A thousand thoughts ran through my mind, all in the space of a single second. My heart raced as she held him down, one hand on his chest. Dan lay unmoving beneath her, completely helpless to resist as she reached beneath her to line his cock up against her waiting pussy. My mind stopped and my feelings ran rampant. Love, lust, jealousy, excitement; all of it poured through me in that single moment of exquisite tension. A part of me couldn't believe it. Yes there was jealousy there, but mostly I felt an overwhelming awe at seeing her her poised there, overtaken by lust. She was gorgeous. I exalted in the sensations. I had never felt so turned on in my life. My girlfriend, still twitching from her last orgasm, desperately wanting another man inside her.

God I wanted to see this.

She lowered herself down, and his cock disappeared inside her. I knew how that felt. I could practically feel the warm embrace of her pussy as I watched her adjust to the feel of him. Did he feel different? I lay there, seemingly forgotten, as they gazed at each other, both of them pulling at her clothes, taking off her shirt and bra as she rocked back and forth, his cock deep inside her. Dropping her bra behind her, she leaned forward and kissed him, pressing her naked body down against him. He pumped his body beneath her, slowly at first, but speeding up quickly. She stopped kissing him, instead just holding herself down against him as he fucked her. I could see her whispering something to him as their bodies rocked back and forth, his body slapping against hers faster and faster.

Putting her hands on his chest, she pushed herself upright, still bouncing up and down as he maintained the pace. 'Don't stop,' she said, as if sensing a pending change of rhythm through his clenching muscles. She added her own thrusting to the efforts, closing her eyes as she rapidly pushed herself back and forth against him. I watched in wonder, enthralled by her body, in love with her lust, and held speechless in the realisation that this is what she must look like on top of me, riding me. Fuck it was hot.

My own fingers were wrapped around my cock, stroking rhythmically as I watched, recognising the small tensions in her body as she came close to orgasm again. 'Don't stop,' she said again, just moments before plunging herself down against him, hard. Her back arched, she ground herself against him as if trying to make fire from their friction. He gasped, gazing up at her, reaching out with his hands to grasp her waist as she constricted around him. 'Don't stop!' she insisted, more urgently. He thrust a few more fevered thrusts inside her jerking body. I couldn't tell if he was cumming or not. They were both clearly feeling the waves of her pleasure, and breathing hard.

She started tapping him on the chest, signally him to stop his slow thrusts.

As if finally remembering me, she climbed off Dan, who lay there, erect cock still pointing to the ceiling. She practically jumped on top of me as she pressed her lips to mine. 'I love you,' she whispered in my ear, then kissed me again. I could still feel her sharp breaths and twitching muscles as the after-shocks of her climax trembled through her.

I still couldn't believe she had just done that. She looked like sex embodied, freshly fucked and panting slightly. I had to have her.

Pushing back towards her I urged her onto her back. Without foreplay and without a word I reached down and aimed my cock before thrusting in deep, in a single motion. She moaned in response, still drifting in lustful abandon, as I fucked her with desperation. My heart was still pounding a million beats a minute from the show they had just given, and all of that energy had only one release. The thought that someone else had been inside her mere seconds earlier only spurred me on more.

I pushed her legs wider and straightened myself up to my knees. Holding her by the legs I pulled her against me, my cock pumping in and out, bouncing her body on the camp mattress beneath. Her breasts danced to the rhythm of my body. Dan watched as I fucked my girlfriend, his own cock still hard, his own hand now stroking it as he watched. He hadn't gotten to cum before Suz had climbed off him - I could just imagine how badly he wanted to fuck her again.

Suz raised her hand towards me, trailing her fingertips down my abs towards her spread legs. Her other hand reached out to Dan, her gaze going back and forth between us, her eyes wide with pleasure and excitement. I could see how badly she wanted to fuck both of us. I revelled in granting her that fantasy. Unable to resist, Dan leaned in and kissed her, running his hands down her body until they met with hers, waiting between her legs.

'Please,' she begged between kisses.

She moved her hand back, using it to hold up her legs. Dan slid a finger down and began rubbing her clit. I didn't slow down at all, my hands still holding her legs as I fucked her, I gazed down at her like she was a meal to be devoured.

I was close to cumming. I had been pleasuring myself while watching them fuck, and I knew I wouldn't last much longer at this pace. I considered slowing down, but the idea was quickly banished as Suz began gasping 'fuck me,' over and over. Dan focused his attention on her clit. I could feel her tightening around me as her excitement grew. The sensation was all I could take.

I passed the point of no return but Suz started coming first, her words stopping as she moaned beneath me. My world exploded. My mind stopped. Past reflexes caused me to pull out and I shot my cum straight up her stomach, onto her heaving chest. Her eyes were locked on mine as we revelled in the moment of pleasure, her mouth making a slight 'O' as she kept grinding her body against Dan's fingers. I watched as I spurted my cum across her.
