 There he sat, my recent-wedded husband, in the delicate, antique chair beneath the floor-to-ceiling drapes aside the ivory-coloured flower table. His semi-flaccid penis coiled like an exhausted snake on his thigh, drooling the last remnants of a massive ejaculation onto his bare skin. He had just watched me receive a royal servicing by not just one, but two hunky strangers – tanned, dark and handsome both, with even bronze skin and expensive evening suits. Now I lay, centre room on the king chez-lounge, his stunned gaze falling passively over me, an expression of pained desire toying with his features, as the thick blonde hair of a brash, buxom American woman, may be ten years my senior, but fit, with strong flesh, tanned skin, picture-perfect figure (if somewhat improved by cosmetic surgery), bobbed gently up and down between my eagerly splayed legs. 

Behind me stood the silent statue of her husband, naked and muscle-bound, his long thick dick hanging heavy and close beside my head. I could practically sense the weight of it; if I turned my cheek sideways there it was, dangling right in my face. The American woman moaned gently as her tongue dug deep into my pussy. I squeaked faintly my delight. 

Still fixing my husband’s gaze, I turned my head backwards and curled my hot hungry tongue around the big man’s dick behind me, wrapping it luxuriously around the head and coating it in a thick film of saliva. As I turned back forward again, a thin strand of spittle looped from my lower lip to the giant flaccid penis gently throbbing in my curly auburn hair.

The American woman and I had already been snogging and fondling a while before she had sunk her head between my legs, and just as she sensed me coming to orgasm, when again I lolled my head backwards to take one of her husband’s large naked balls delicately in my mouth, she pulled upwards and giggled in her brash provocative way. She sat up elegantly on the edge of the divan beside me and uttered mischievously, 

‘Why don’t we get your little hubby over here now, see how good he is at eating pussy, hmm?’ 

She rose and sidled over to him, taking him by the hand and leading him back towards me purposefully. He followed a little sheepishly. I glanced up at her husband who remained straight-faced and implacable, the same vague smile he’d worn since his arrival faintly brushing his lips.

Chrissy, that was the American woman’s name, then manoeuvred herself behind my husband and hugged him tightly, squeezing her large naked breasts against his back. With one hand she gently stroked his penis, while with the other she began rubbing his chest in the age-old manner that men seem to like so well. 

‘Now dear,’ she instructed him firmly, her slightly high-pitched Californian twang rising in tone, ‘Let’s see how well you do giving head to your wife,’ With that she pushed him floor-wards until he was kneeling obediently before me. I cocked a leg up onto the chez-lounge and let the other touch the floor beside him. She pushed his head forcefully into my glistening pussy.

I was not used to seeing my husband so docile and obedient – normally it’s a huge row to get him to do anything – but he set about his task dutifully and was soon lapping away at quite an agreeable rhythm, dipping his tongue lightly into the top of my vagina, and sliding it up over my clitoris in firm, pleasurable stokes. I giggled a half-moan of pleasure, and glinted my approval at Chrissy. She ruffled his hair like a child, saying, 

‘There now. That’s being a good hubby, isn’t it?’ in a teasing, patronising tone. Then she moved off round the back of the seat and behind her husband to rustle in her bag. 

She was out of eye-shot for a moment but when she returned she carried in her hand a gleaming black strap-on. My eyes widened when I saw it, and I don’t know if my husband glanced up, but as she came back around the front of the divan and began securing it surely to her crotch I’m sure I felt his rhythm increase anxiously. 

‘Now I’ll show you how to fuck a man, like a man!’ She exclaimed, a real hint of excitement animating her visage for the first time since she’d entered.

Previously, for all the intensely kinky fun we’d enjoyed, which, for me at least, not to mention my husband, was a decidedly deviant novelty, her and her husband, while seemingly enjoying themselves, had so far acted nothing if not the well-seasoned professionals. Now for the first time her own eyes lit up with what looked like genuine wild desire as she guided his hips up so that he was kneeling on the divan, his head still angled down between my legs. From somewhere she pulled a small bottle of lubricant and, kneeling behind him on the end of the upholstery, nudged the strap on gently over the cleft of his arse. Then, from high above, she squeezed a generous stream of oil onto the big rubber member, which glistened appealingly as the oil ran down his butt-crack and thighs. 

‘Don’t worry baby,’ She soothed him, as I felt his motions between my legs quiver slightly in anticipation, ‘Mommy isn’t gonna hurt you. Chrissy knows just what you like, doesn’t she baby?’ She looked at me and said reassuringly, ‘They all love it really. And the ones that say they don’t, love it the most!’ Then she plunged in.

I was shocked at how quickly and easily that fat fake cock slid up my husband’s arse, and how he wore it! Aside from a quick gasp and intake of breath, he barely broke stride with the motions of his tongue; which, I have to say, coupled with what else was going on, were beginning to work me up to a fulsome climax. 

‘Ummm!’ Cooed Chrissy, bucking her hips forward and backward gently, and gyrating them slightly as she did so. ‘You like mummy’s cock in you don’t you?’ And with that she slapped him powerfully on the buttocks, and increased the speed of her movements. ‘Is he sucking your pussy sweetly, honey?’ She asked me, getting into her rhythm. 

I could only squeak by way of an answer, as my focus was beginning to wonder with the intoxication of my mounting pleasure. Half dream-like, I again tilted my head backwards to seek out the fat penis behind me, greedily drawing it into my wet and waiting mouth where I began to suck on it hungrily. I could hear myself moaning loudly now, as this giant porn star of a woman fucked my husband vigorously from behind, and he sunk his tongue ever deeper into my sopping wet pussy while I slurped deliciously on another man’s penis.

Just before I orgasmed, again with her preternatural sense of timing, Chrissy pulled out of him sharply, just as suddenly as she had entered, and gently tugged his hair up to release his face from my glistening pussy. His mouth and chin sparkled in the soft light. Quickly, she disconnected the contraption from her body and pulled me up by the hand, replacing herself in my position with stealthy grace. 

‘Now it’s your turn baby,’ she said to me, dangling the strap-on before me. I took it without conscious volition. ‘I want to feel your hubby’s tongue in me, seeing as how good you made it look,’ She squeaked. And then, ‘While you need to learn how to fuck a man the way you’d like to be fucked.’ While I secured the strap-on she continued, ‘That’s right honey, you need to fuck him the way you wish he’d fuck you, otherwise how’s he ever gonna know what you really want?’

Gingerly, I approached him from behind, still somewhat astounded that he was really about to let me fuck him like this; and with her and her husband watching! 

‘Go on sugar,’ Chrissy cooed, ‘He won’t mind, he likes it don’t you lover man?’ And she ruffled her hands in his hair as she ground her pussy forcefully into his face. ‘Ooh you’re good baby, you suck pussy just like a girl!’ She giggled and moaned outlandishly. ‘Look at him Randy, he’s making me so horny I could cum right now,’ and she moaned louder. Her husband just nodded and smiled his indifferent smile.

‘Now come on honey, ’She instructed me, just part his buttocks and push it in there.’ Delicately, I nestled the head of the shining member up against my husband’s anus. Then I began to push.

My husband gasped and clenched momentarily, but he quickly relaxed as it slid further and further in up to the hilt. It felt surprisingly powerful to be the one doing the fucking for a change, and I quickly found my stride. 

As I began pounding him more forcefully, Chrissy picked up her commentary once more. 

‘Oh you look so good fucking your man like that, baby, with those cute little titties just bouncin’ and swayin’.’ 

I slapped his buttocks playfully, and with my other hand began rubbing and squeezing my tits for her pleasure, engorging my nipples by rolling them between finger and thumb. We held each other’s gaze, my movements increasing in strength and pace, while she bucked and ground her pussy hard into my husband’s face, pushing his head down with one hand and squeezing her tits with the other. 

‘Oh yeah baby!’ She went on, staring at me, ‘That’s how I like it! Fuck him good. Fuck him while he face fucks my pussy! Spank him bitch, spank him hard!’ 

Now I began slapping my husband hard across the buttocks, again and again, while the big shiny dildo slid in and out of his rectum. Even my husband started moaning quietly, the muffled noise escaping between gasps for air as he continued to lap his tongue deep inside Chrissy’s shimmering blond pussy.

I felt my own orgasm again begin to rise, but just before I got there Chrissy beckoned me urgently. I pulled out – not without some will – and came to her side as she bid me. She motioned me to kneel before her. 

‘Do you like cum, sweetheart?’ She asked quietly. I nodded eagerly. ‘Randy,’ She instructed, and just like that Randy was ready by my side, his massive cock erect on cue. He slipped it deep into my mouth. It tasted clean and fresh, and smelt of something sweet, fruity, like the subtlest sense of perfume, and I stuffed myself full of it, closing my eyes and feasting away with wanton abandon. 

‘Look at your wifey, hubby,’ Chrissy murmured, stroking the side of his face upwards to draw his gaze toward me. ‘See how she loves sucking cock? That’s it girl, take it all the way in,’ And with that I began deep-throating him—something I’d never done to my husband—bobbing my head all the way up and down the long shaft, and moaning with uncontrollable pleasure. ‘That’s it sweetheart, now come here.’ 

She pulled my gaping mouth away from the penis – which I didn’t give up easily I can tell you – to cup my chin in her hand. 

‘Ok Randy, let her have it.’ 

Again right on cue, Randy let rip a huge jet of semen across my chin, which splashed down onto Chrissy’s big breasts. Again he shuddered and ejaculated, sending another arc of spunk this time across the side of my face, before falling like liquid icing between her two massive tits. The last few drops he milked out directly into my open mouth, Chrissy holding my chin for him. The warm spunk rolled down onto her nipples.

I glanced at my husband out of the corner of my eye, who looked up at me with the same doe-eyed confusion he’d worn before. 

‘Come on now honey, there’s plenty more,’ said Chrissy teasingly, and guided my face down onto her bosom where I began lapping up the spunk obediently.

When I had finished, I knelt down with my legs curled beneath me, and turned to my husband. Scooping the last of the semen from my chin and cheek with a finger, I swallowed it down and stared at him deep in the eyes. Then I kissed him, shoving my tongue around forcefully in his mouth, revelling in the taste of her juices and mine, along with the jizz of her husband in a delicious, elicit cocktail. 

Hmm, ‘Cocktail!’ I thought to myself with amusement, before pushing my husband backwards onto the floor and mounting him purposefully.