 The next morning, Bill and Linda noticed a slip of paper near the door. It was a note from Paul and Shari inviting them to meet for breakfast. Paul and Shari were sipping juice when Bill and Linda arrived at the cafe. Linda met Paul's approving smile with one of her own. Bill slipped into the booth next to Shari and they exchanged knowing smiles. Over breakfast, their conversation turned to planning the day’s activities. Since Paul and Shari were regulars at the resort, they had several recommendations. Paul liked to start the week off with a kayak trip along the shore just south of the resort. One of Shari's favorite activities was snorkeling in a nearby lagoon a short drive away. Bill also wanted to snorkel, while Linda had her heart set on a kayak trip. The two couples decided to accommodate everyone's wishes.  Oh, the possibilities!

In their room after breakfast, Shari asked Paul if he would mind her taking Bill to their favorite secluded snorkeling lagoon. During their last trip, they had made love there on the sand at the edge of the lagoon, a favorite memory for them both. Paul smiled and told Shari to have a good time. Shari selected one of her skimpier bathing suits; Paul knew she had selected that particular suit because it was one of the sexier ones she owned. Paul's thoughts were also of Linda and their kayak trip.  He was a little apprehensive about the prospect of spending the entire afternoon alone with such an attractive woman. He knew he was attracted to her, but was not sure she felt the same. Time would tell.

As Linda and Paul paddled a two-person kayak around the shoreline, they looked into the clear calm water at the sea life all around them. After paddling a short distance around the edge of a cove, Paul and Linda found themselves in a secluded section of the bay. In the bow of the kayak and enjoying how comfortable she felt with Paul and the relaxing warmth of the sun and water, Linda asked Paul if he minded if she took off her swim top, knowing it would be hard for him to see her from his position in the stern of the kayak and being comfortable that they were out of sight of others. Paul smiled to himself as he graciously told Linda he had no problem with her paddling topless and he kiddingly asked Linda whether she would also take off her shorts, so she could truly work on an all-over tan. Linda lightly responded over her shoulder, “not a chance!” They paddled on through the area, pausing from time to time to observe the many small islands full of birds and other sea life, including turtles slowly swimming in the shallow water. The air was almost still, with just a hint of movement to keep the temperature from being too hot.  Paul realized he was enjoying not only the natural wonders of the cove, but also the sexy view of Linda's tan back as she slowly paddled just in front of him. Her skin had a healthy glow, shimmering with moisture. Paul found himself watching the wildlife less, and her more, while Linda was obviously engrossed in the surroundings. Suddenly, they both realized they were about to strike a smooth rock, but it was too late to prevent the collision. As the kayak hit the rock, it turned over and dumped them both into the warm water, along with the water-proof bags containing all their gear.

They hit the water laughing. Suddenly, Linda realized her swim top was out of reach, gently settling onto the sandy bottom of the cove. She tried to assist Paul gathering all the floating cargo, but was not much help because she was also trying to keep her breasts covered with her hands. Paul, ever a gentleman, focused on gathering the floating items and getting everything to the beach. On the beach, they laughed about their little mishap, as Linda held up a small towel to cover her breasts. Teasingly, Paul lamented that Linda’s top was lost forever. He then got his fins and snorkel out of the gear, swam to the site of the turn-over, and dove down to retrieve Linda's top. Returning, he held her top out and said, “for a kiss, you can have this back.” Shyly smiling at him, she walked the few steps between them and lightly kissed him; her lips lingered for a moment longer than she had planned. He slid his arms around her waist and she leaned into the embrace. With his empty hand, he cupped her chin and lifted her face to his for yet another kiss, this one longer and quite passionate. Linda released the towel between them and slid her arms around Paul’s waist. Feeling very attracted to Paul and not at all willing to resist this passionate interlude, Linda lightly sighed and melted into the embrace as Paul slid his hands down her waist to cup her firm ass. They kissed again, this time with more urgency.

They were alone on a pure white beach, basking in the warm sunshine. The sound of the waves lapping against the beach created a sensuous atmosphere. Paul broke the embrace and retrieved a large towel. He sat down on the towel and pulled Linda down next to him. Resuming their embrace, Linda kissed Paul, remarking on how much she loved being tickled by his mustache. Paul held her firmly yet gently, running his hands over her smooth, warm skin and enjoying her receptivity to his touch. She moved against him seductively as Paul kissed his way down her neck, enjoying the taste of her skin. He ran his thumb over one of her nipples, then leaned down and took it into his mouth. He licked the nipple softly, then a bit more forcefully. She arched her back in a sure sign that she was enjoying this attention. Paul’s hand slowly moved in circular motions down her body. His strong hands massaged her soft skin as he went lower and lower, while he continued to lick and suck softly at her nipples. When his hand reached her pussy, his fingers gently pushed aside the shorts she was wearing and he gently fingered her silky pubic hair. She was trimmed very much like Shari, and Paul liked that very much. She lifted her hips so he could slip off her shorts. He played his fingers gently along her pussy, teasing her clit. He kissed his way up her neck and whispered into her ear, "you feel so wonderful, I want to taste you," causing her to moan softly. His mouth kissed its way down her body, stopping to lick her nipples, then pausing to stick his tongue in her sexy belly button, then moved down to her pussy lips. With his fingers he slowly opened her nether lips and his tongue searched for her clit. Finding his target, he licked in circular motions as she pressed herself against his mouth. With a surprising lunge, he plunged his hard tongue deep into her pussy, then just as quickly withdrew his tongue, then probed deeply again and again. Her hands were on the back of his head, holding him against her throbbing pussy. Soon, she came in a flood of feelings. Paul continued licking and probing her with his hot tongue until she cried out as she came for the second time.

Snuggling against Paul as she basked in the afterglow of her second orgasm, Linda began running her fingers over Paul’s chest in slow circles. She slowly spiraled her way down his belly and slipped her hand under the waistband of his shorts as she leaned over and began licking his nipple, causing him to sigh. Her hand slipped further down and gently she grasped his hard shaft. She gently pulled him toward her, so that he was lying on his side, facing her. Removing her focus from sucking his nipple, she slid down and slipped his shorts off.  Lying facing his hard, pulsing cock, she held his shaft in one hand and caressed his balls with the other as she lightly tongued the head of his cock, feeling Paul’s body tense as he gave in to the pleasurable feeling. Suddenly, Linda slid his cock fully into her mouth, bumping the head of his cock against the back of her throat. She sucked hard for a moment, then began sliding up and down on his shaft, while she continued to caress his balls. Looking toward Paul’s face, Linda could see he was melting into bliss. She slipped her hand from his balls and reached around his hip to caress the area between his balls and ass. She then circled his asshole with her finger, lightly pressing against this sensitive spot, then circled again, all the while alternately sucking and pumping his cock in her mouth . Linda tasted his pre-cum, as Paul built toward orgasm. His hand slid down to hold her head again him as she sucked and licked his cock. She increased the intensity as Paul thrust his hips toward her face. Soon, Linda could feel Paul on the verge of climax, and suddenly her mouth filled with warm, salty cum. She kept his cock in her mouth for a few moments after he came, feeling him relaxing into the sand. Then, she wiggled up so that they were face-to-face again, embracing each other and she could feel his heartbeat gradually slowing down to normal as they basked in the warm sun. There was no need for words, as they both relaxed into a semi-dozing state. As the sun moved toward the west, they quietly arose and dressed. They were paddling their way back to the resort by late afternoon.

Paul and Linda had just finished putting their equipment away when they saw Bill and Shari pull into the parking lot. Bill looked especially pleased with himself, and Shari had a sexy glow about her that spoke volumes. After Paul and Linda helped Bill and Shari put away their snorkeling equipment, the couples retired to their rooms after agreeing to meet on the beach by the fire pit later that night. In their respective rooms, Bill and Shari told their mates about their snorkeling adventure. Shari shared she had taken the initiative and flirted with Bill openly as they drove to the cove. Bill told Linda that Shari was a very sensual kisser, and her urgent kisses had really excited him. They both told their partners that they had swum briefly and enjoyed the abundant sea life before finding a secluded place to "rest."  Shari described to Paul what a gentle and thoughtful lover Bill was. She said that she liked his strength and endurance and hoped that they could spend some more time together before the vacation ended. She mentioned that she was pleasantly surprised to discover that Bill regularly shaved his balls, at Linda’s request, which enhanced her enjoyment of the oral part of their lovemaking. Paul and Linda also described their afternoon’s adventures to their spouses. Both couples found that talking about their separate adventures with new partners made them sexually hungry once again, and both couples made passionate love, celebrating their experiences of the afternoon with togetherness in their own long-standing relationships.