 The drive home was pretty quiet. We were both exhausted after the long emotional night and morning, so we just held hands smiling now and then as I drove. After arriving home and unpacking Gina and I stood in our kitchen hugging and kissing each other.

"Can you believe what's happened to us?" Gina said. "We never in our wildest dreams ever thought we could be doing something like this, I'm at a loss for words. All I know is I feel like a kid again, full of love, lust and anticipation. I feel wonderful."

"No regrets?" I asked.

"None!" was her sure reply as we continued holding each other and kissing.

It was time to turn in and after a short shower together, we hopped into bed and cuddled. I ran my hands slowly all over her body as she cooed and cuddled closer. A short while later she was on top of me slowly riding my cock as I reached up and massaged her beautiful tits. It was strange, now that we were back home alone in our bed making love, everything else felt like a dream, a beautiful amazing dream.

It was that way all week. Each night we spoke with Vince and Fiona and talked about plans for all kinds of things. There seemed to be no end to the activities we all wanted to share and experience together. Although we tried to make the following weekend work, business just got in the way but we did agree to meet at our house for a sleepover Saturday. 

The day finally came as Vince's SUV pulled into our driveway shortly before noon. I was standing on the front patio when Fiona jumped out of the car and ran over to me. She jumped into my arms wrapped her legs around my waist. 

"I love you you tall beautiful man," she chimed, "and I missed you so much."

Vince followed up behind her and hugged us both, planting a big wet one on my lips.

"Thanks," I said a little startled. "That still feels a little funny Vince but it's growing on me," as we all headed into the house.

Vince had barely made it through the doorway when Gina came running out from the bedroom stark naked and jumping into his arms. 

"ALL RIGHT!" he shouted. "Now THAT'S a welcome!"

I closed the front door and drew the curtains as we all stripped without saying another word. During the week we had all agreed that whenever we were together we would try to enjoy a nude lifestyle.

Fiona sauntered over to me. 

"I've been thinking of our next get-together all week," she said as she took my hands and held them to her tits. "A little something for the host," she added.

"And how about the hostess?" Gina said as she approached fiona from behind rubbing her ass with one hand and her pussy with the other.

"Oh God you two," she shivered, "you just don't know how I missed you both, you're both so sexy and you're driving me crazy."

There was a white flash that caught us all off guard. Vince had his camera out to catch the action as usual. 

Fiona turned to face Gina. They both had a fiery look in their eyes as they ran their hands over each other's bodies. I quickly reached for my gear as well. I din't want to miss any of what was sure to happen.

The women gave each other little pecks on the lips, neck and shoulders as their hands continued their explorations. Vince and I had formidable erections as we circled with our cameras enjoying the show. 

The kissing grew grew longer and more intense until finally they locked in a passionate embrace. As their wet lips pressed against each other it was clear that a battle of tongues was being waged in their mouthes. They began moaning and whimpering as they pawed and clawed at each other.

Fiona's legs gave out and they both fell backwards on to some pillows that lay on the floor. Landing comfortably, they giggled a little as they resumed kissing. I was becoming really aroused as I watched, hardly taking any pictures now. Vince, on the other hand, never seemed to miss a good photo op and was darting around from position to position as his great big erection waved and bounced along. Boy, I was jealous of that thing.

Their thighs were between each other's legs as they kissed furiously and rubbed their wet pussies against each other. Before long they flipped into a 69 position with Fiona on top as they each licked and slurped and sucked at each other's pussy. 

I became so aroused watching I was unable to sit still any longer. I approached the women and got down on my stomach between Fiona's legs and shimmied up to her ass. With a hand on each cheek I opened her to reveal her sweet pink ass hole. Directly below, Gina was enjoying Fiona's sweet cunt as she sucked intently on her clit. 

The air up close was warm and humid and the deep musty smell of womanhood was intoxicating as I moved in and licked the length of Fiona's ass. As my tongue toyed with her tight pink sphincter Fiona let out a deep moan as her mouth engulfed Gina's clit. As she moaned, the vibration added more stimulation for Gina as she too now moaned in return. I was very pleased with my unplanned chain reaction.

It wasn't long before both women were approaching orgasms and it was incredibly exciting to be right in the thick of it. Fiona showed the first signs of coming but Gina was only seconds behind as they rolled over on their sides and frantically continued the attack on each other's increasingly sensitive pussy. Unfortunately, this left me to continue watching from the sidelines. It was lovely to see them wriggle and squirm their sexy sweaty bodies together as their orgasms drove them wild. 

All too soon they slowed down and just lay there hugging giving each other little love pecks on their pussies. Vince had long since put his camera down to sit on a pillow and masturbate while he watched. 

"God what a show," he croaked, too horny to speak clearly. "I never thought I'd live to see that. These women are just too much." he continued looking over at me.

I grinned, nodding my agreement.

"Sorry guys," Gina purred, "nothing left to go around. You'll have to wait for our second wind."

"How about a shower then?" I suggested. "Something for everyone there," I added.

We all headed up to the master ensuite and piled into our shower. It wasn't as spacious as the one on the island but we managed to all squeeze in and get squeaky clean after a lot of rubbing fondling. 

Vince and I were still rock hard after exiting the stall. Feeling clean and rejuvenated the girls took pity on us. They pushed us back to the bedroom and onto the bed and finished us off with blowjobs. I had Fiona take the same 69 position with me so I could squeeze her tits and and enjoy her pussy as she did me. 

"Just don't eat me!" she stated emphatically. "I'm so sensitive now that you'll drive me up a wall if you get too close."

Gina had her new favourite chew toy in hand as she once more tried to master deep throating Vince's thick, nine inches. It was clear she still needed more practice and I was sure there would be plenty of opportunity before morning. Before long both Vince and I were coming in their mouthes as we squirmed and moaned our enjoyment.

With everyone now sated with lovely orgasms, we continued to lie on the bed and talk. We continued making future fun plans as we softly fondled each other. 

"Hey there's still a lot of afternoon left," Gina observed, "why don't we head down to the beach?"

In our area the only legal clothing optional beach was almost an hour away. However, there were plenty of beaches that dotted the shore of Lake Ontario within a few minutes drive. Some people, like us, would go naked on the less traveled local beaches when we could get away with it. Much of the beachfront was at the base of tall sandy cliffs and only accessible from a few points. This made it difficult for the police to approach undetected if at all. After meeting other like minded beach goers and trading information we all soon figured out where the safest places were. It was still a risk mind you but well worth it.

We all put on our swim suits and took our car to one of our favourite spots.

"And where's the Beach?" Vince asked when we arrived. He looked all around and saw nothing but trees and a road.

"It's a bit of a hike," I answered, "but you're going to like it when we get there. Just don't forget your camera."

We made our way through the dense bushes using a path you really had to know about ahead of time. That lead us to the head of the cliffs and another path that ran along the top. Finally, there was a last hidden entrance to the narrow cliffside path that took us down to the beach. A further ten minute walk in the sand brought us to our favourite spot.

When we arrived Vince and Fiona looked around with full-on smiles. The beach part was only about forty feet from the water to the sheer cliff wall that rose vertically at least sixty feet. From our position we could see anyone approach from a good distance in either direction. 

"This works," Vince commented as he dropped his trunks.

We were all naked a minute later and we spread out two large blankets and overlapped them making an area big enough for four to lay down. We continued to talk and enjoy the sun and the sound of the waves lapping up against the shore. We discussed the many possible activities we had come up with over the past week like nude resorts and some really kinky things I had found on the internet. One of them was to take a completely nude holiday through one of the travel agencies that specialize in that sort of thing. We had read up on them a few years back and it sounded like a terrific idea for the four of us. There are places in France that have small towns with resorts that are very relaxed about nudity. You can spend a whole vacation walking around, eating and even shopping in the nude. 

In the same vein we had talked about going to one of the Hedonism resorts but Fiona wasn't really into it. Those resorts tended to be more for the partying crowd or at least they seemed that way.

Gina noticed people approaching from the west but we couldn't quite make out who they were. It looked like two women and and man and they were dressed. Fiona started to get nervous. Her public nudity experience hadn't included face to face contact with dressed strangers on a public beach. Her antennae went way up. 

I told everyone to relax, Gina and I had often encountered people walking on the beach and as long as we stayed on the blanket, more or less covered up, it was never a problem. This still didn't ease Fiona's nerves but she went along anyway. As the people got closer, one of them began to wave.

"Shit, is that Claire?" Gina said in a puzzled voice.

"Yup, I don't recognize the other woman but I'm pretty sure the guy is Phil." I answered.

Clair and Phil were a couple from our neighbourhood that we knew from some pretty wild parties we had attended near our home. We had spent a fair amount of time talking and getting to know them and we new that they were pretty open sexually. They were lots of fun and we had seen them both naked on more than one occasion.

"Don't worry about these guys," I said to Vince and Fiona, "they're people we know pretty well and they're no strangers to nudity, believe me."

"Holly fuck, what are you guys doing here?" Clair shouted to us.

"Just showing our good friends Vince and Fiona around the neighbourhood and we thought they might enjoy seeing the beach," I answered.

Vince stood to shake hands and all eyes were on his semi-erect tube steak. Especially the women who looked like deer caught in the headlights. Fiona just waved from a sitting position with her legs pulled up to her chest. I don't think she realized what a splendid view of her pussy that afforded us. I sure wasn't about to tell her though, she was nervous enough already.

"You know, we do allow clothes around here." Phil said as he winked and smiled, "but your way is a lot more fun. By the way this is my sister in law June. We were just showing her around as well. Mind if we join you for a bit?"

I looked back at Fiona who just smiled and shrugged her shoulders. I knew Gina and Vince would be fine.

"I know you and Clair don't mind but does June have a problem with us being naked?" I asked. 

I hadn't finished speaking when June pulled her top over her head revealing a perky pair of 'B' cup tits. 

"That answers that," I laughed as everyone joined in with a chuckle. 

Claire looked over to her sister, "She's never been able to keep her clothes on since she was a kid. I, on the other hand wasn't expecting to go natural today. Otherwise I would have shaved but what the hell. This way I can hang around and look at the rest of you good looking people. I know that's not the 'grown up' nudist lifestyle position but hell, I love looking at naked people. I love to watch everything that's sexy for that matter."

"Well you're in good company, you can look all you want," Gina said, "we're all just a bunch of voyeurs and exhibitionists ourselves. We all love being naked, watching an being watched," she added.

"That's refreshing," Claire said as she took down her shorts and panties in one stroke. As she did she flashed her ass and pussy to the rest of us as she bent forward. She grinned back at us when she reached bottom and we all smiled in response, some with a thumbs up. 

Claire and June were both slim and medium height at about five foot two. While June's breasts where a nice handful 'B' cup, Claire's were a very shapely 'C'. Both had natural flame red hair that was evident from their trimmed bushes. They weren't quite as pretty as Fiona and Gina, as far as I was concerned but they were very good looking none the less. 

Phil was definitely enjoying his view of Gina and Fiona as he sat crossed legged with his six inch cock standing straight up at attention. He was also good looking man at around five foot five inches. His hair seemed to be thinning a little and he was packing a beer or two around the waste but he wasn't overweight by any stretch. 

With all this new skin around, Fiona seemed to be adapting and looking more comfortable as she stretched out her legs exposing her wondrous tits. She got up and walked slowly to the water's edge looking out over the lake. Boaters were passing by well off shore and honked their horns as she waved back. I got up and joined her.

"Baby steps," I whispered. 

"You know, I was just thinking something like that," she said back softly. "I've grown so much in my ability to be free and expose myself since you and Gina came into my life. The thought of being naked in front of people I was just introduced to would have put me in shock a short while ago. Now I almost wish I could drop down on my knees and give you a great big sloppy blow job right in front of them."

I was semi erect when I walked up to Fiona but after that comment my dick was as hard as steel and I could feel a cool drop of premium on the tip. As we both turned and walked back to the group Gina wolf whistled and asked what we were talking about. 

Trying to deflect I answered, "How nice it can be to show off a little," but it didn't work.

"We were all talking about what nice asses you both have when you turned around and mister steel down there said hello," as Gina laughed so hard she almost choked.

"OK, the truth is I was telling Rick that I wanted to suck that nice Fat cock of his even if it was in front of you all. I guess any guy would react to something like that but I was only joking though."

"Joking, really?" Gina almost choked again. "I think that's exactly what you wanted to do and I for one would love to see you do it. How about you guys?" she said knowing full well that Claire and Phil had done similar things at parties in the past. 

"Damn right we'd love to see that," Claire shouted out representing the others.

"Wow, do I love this neighbourhood," June chimed in. "I've just got to move here. You guys are just too much. Yes, please give the poor man a blowjob. I'd really love to watch that."

"Well I guess it's up to you now honey," Vince said as he looked at his wife with a smile.

"Shit!" she cursed. "Why couldn't I keep my big mouth shut." 

"How about this," Gina offered, "why don't we jerk off these guys while we watch and you'll have something to watch as well."

Claire looked surprised, "Geez, I see that you guys are really into public sex and showing off. Well I'm sure game as long as I get to stroke the great big monster over there," she said as she pointed to Vince's raging hard on.

"Awwh, I wanted that one," June moaned. 

"You can do Phil, I know you've always wanted to," Claire answered.

"Hold on a minute," Fiona jumped in, "that big monster as you put it is all mine and not up for grabs. You want a piece of that, you talk to me."

"Gosh, I'm sorry Fiona. I just assumed we were all OK with a little swapping, I'm sorry if I over stepped," Claire came back apologetically.

"Oh, please don't be sorry Claire, I'm a little sensitive about swapping but a hand job would be OK, no more though," Fiona replied calmly.

"I guess I'll just have to do myself," Gina announced as she lay on her side with her legs spread and massaged her pussy slowly with two fingers. Everyone else moved to their new partners.

"Boy that all happened fast," Fiona said in a surprised tone "all right then, a public blowjob it is."

We moved into the centre of the blankets and Fiona knelt down in front of me and began to stroke my cock slowly and examining it closely. As she did Claire grabbed hold of Vince's cock with both hands. June spit on Phil's cock, wrapped her hand around his shaft and started to jerk. It was quite a sight to behold and I was really happy this was a quiet day at the beach.

Fiona soon moved her face in and licked the tip of my cock savouring the large drop of premium on the end. Then she took the head into her mouth and began bobbing her head in and out as her tongue whirled around in her mouth bathing and stimulating my cock head more and more. She massaged my balls with her left hand while the right hand had one of my ass cheeks firmly in her grasp. She was really great and the added excitement of an audience was making it hard for me to stop from coming.

Claire picked up a bottle of sun tan oil and squirted some on Vince's dick. She resumed jerking with both hands occasionally giving in to temptation by leaning in to give his cock a few kisses and sucks. Meanwhile June had given up on the hand job altogether and was eagerly sucking away at Phil's willing dick. Claire noticed but seemingly shrugged it off. 

Pretty soon we were all moaning and groaning. The whole scene looked like something from a porn movie only much better. These women were real and the relationships were real and the desire was very real. 

Fiona could feel me begin to stiffen up and started to speed up her action. I tried and tried but finally had to give in. The incredible sensation she was giving me was more than I could hold off and I began to come. As usual she took it all without flinching as I shot thread after thread of hot cum down her throat. When I finished she licked every inch of my cock and balls clean then looked up at me with a smile and a wink.

I knelt back down on the blanket behind her so we were both facing Gina. She was now coming down the home stretch to her own beautiful orgasm as we watched. I had one hand on Fiona's right breast and the other at her crotch rubbing her juices around her soft supple lips and clit. 

Vince was next to go as he shot streams of cum across to the centre of the blankets. This met with excited squeals of approval from Claire as she happily pumped her favourite new toy. I'm not sure when Phil came but soon June was back up on her knees wiping cum from her face. She also seemed quite happy with her results. Finally Gina got off as she clamped her legs together and wriggled on the blanket putting on a lovely show for us.
