 I welcome your thoughts and feedback. Please send me a message and let me know what you think. 

***** 

5. 

Jack awoke early amidst a tangle of arms and legs, two sets of large breasts pressed against his upper arms. He slid out of bed, doing his best to let the nude sleeping women continue their rest as he padded into the bathroom to complete his morning ablutions. 

Finished, he made his way into the kitchen after throwing on a pair of boxer shorts. No flamingos this time! he thought with a wry smile. He began to fix a full breakfast and was just pulling the last of the bacon from the frying pan when Cindy stumbled in. She hadn't bothered to dress and was peering at Jack through sleep encrusted eyes. 

"Coffee," she mumbled, and Jack poured a mug from the fresh pot before handing it across to her. "Shit, I need to talk to Max!" she exclaimed, her eyes flying wide open. She grabbed her phone and made her way out of the kitchen as Debbie stumbled in, nude as well, though she looked significantly more chipper. 

"Something smells good," she said as she climbed onto a stool at the island. Her breasts hung heavily on her chest and Jack felt blood rush to his shaft as he admired how her large areolas almost blended in with the surrounding skin. 

"I thought we could all do with a decent breakfast today. Help yourself while I finish up." Jack hadn't finished the sentence before Debbie was piling a plate high with the offerings. 

"Bill texted me this morning that he would be home this evening. He was hoping that we could come over this evening and have a dip in the hot tub. The little perv almost lost it when I told him about everything that happened last night. Has Cindy talked to Max?" 

"Just finished with him," Cindy said, walking into the room again. 

"What'd he say?" Debbie asked, pushing her empty plate away. "Was he mad? Turned on? Did you tell him about Bill and me? Are you guys OK?" 

Her rapid-fire questions left Cindy without time to answer. Jack stood from his own stool and pushed his boxers to the floor. "I think the only way that we're going to hear what's going on with Cindy is if you have something to keep your mouth occupied. Suck my cock you little slut." 

Debbie flushed with embarrassment at being verbally dressed down in front of her friend. She hesitated, and Jack grabbed her by the arm, pulling her to her feet. He pushed her forward so that she had to catch herself with both arms on the island and spanked her voluptuous ass hard. 

"Look at Cindy. Look at her while I spank your worthless ass." Jack saw a smile tug at the corners of Cindy's mouth as her friend yelped with each blow. 

Debbie's humiliation was complete and her ears and face were flush with her total embarrassment. Jack's erection had grown some with his abuse of her ass, and he pulled her down to her knees, making sure that Cindy could see his fat pole disappearing into her friend's mouth. 

"Now I think you'll find us to be a more attentive audience," he said to Cindy. Cindy giggled and Jack saw her rub her thighs together as color suffused the pale skin of her chest. 

"As you may have noticed it was a fairly quick call. We have had similar conversations before about him wanting me taking a lover so that wasn't an issue. I told him that I had chosen Jack, that Jack made me feel attractive and desired, and that things were going to change with the two of us. I told him that he would have to make a genuine effort to be nice to our friends and to engage with them when we are out. I told him that he would no longer be able to watch porn or orgasm until I've had my own needs met. I told him that if he behaves himself and pays attention to me then I, I mean we" she said looking at Jack "may be willing to indulge him in his deepest fantasies, to make him a cuckold in every way that he wants deep down." 

Jack's dick, which had been growing steadily under Debbie's attention, lurched in her mouth at this. How many cock-hungry people could a neighborhood have? Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, he let the thought pass. 

Debbie's eyes were on his whenever he looked down. "Good girl" he murmured and ran his fingers through her hair. "What else? Did you tell him about Debbie? About Bill?" he asked, looking back to Cindy. 

"Well, I told him that I was going to fuck and suck whoever I wanted to now. What I actually want is more like what Debbie has. I want be yours. I want you to do with me what you will. It was so hot when you made me lick her juices off you: I couldn't believe that was doing that, that you had that much sway over me. I want more of that. I want to be pushed, to explore, to find out everything that I've been missing. I did not tell him about Debbie and Bill: I wasn't sure if they'd be OK with Max knowing." She pushed her empty plate away in conclusion. 

Cindy looked at Jack expectantly. Jack pulled back from Debbie's hungry mouth and pulled her to her feet. He pushed a few dishes aside on the island and slapped the top, indicating that Debbie should sit on the counter. She hopped up and spread her legs displaying her large meaty outer lips and dangling inner ones, fully inflamed. He leaned forward and gave her a long, slow lick starting at the bottom and nipping her clit when he got to the top. Debbie moaned in appreciation. 

"What you have to understand," he said to Cindy as he sank two fingers into Debbie's wet tunnel "is that Debbie is mine to do with what I want. My pleasure is her pleasure. She can make requests but not demands. When I lick her cunt," he paused to do just that, "it's because I want to, not because she wants me to. She has rules and consequences for breaking those rules. Nothing that would cause any problems outside of this house of course but consequences nonetheless. You saw what happens if she hesitates. Do you want that for yourself?" 

"Yesss," Cindy responded. She was openly touching herself now. "Use me as you will. My pleasure is in your desire for me, in your attention to me." 

"Also you must understand is that this is purely carnal. If you feel yourself growing apart from Max then this stops. I will not enter into any type of formal or informal long term emotional relationship with you. I will take other partners as I see fit. You'll have other partners besides Max and me as I decide. That is not to say, however, that your needs will be neglected in any way. You'll be more sexually satisfied than you ever thought possible. You'll go about your daily life with my cum on your breath, or seeping out of your pussy or ass. You are completely mine while you're here. Do you understand? Do you accept?" 

Cindy's face was frozen in a mask of concentration as her hand continued its work below her waist. Her other hand teased her light pink nipples, pulling and twisting them out an away from her soft body. "I understand, I accept," she gasped between moans. 

"Good." Jack's own probing fingers had long since began tapping Debbie's g-spot and her hips were now bucking against his hand. He leaned forward and sucked her clit into his mouth, trapping it between his teeth while his tongue danced against its end. His other hand snaked up, grasping one of her tits, pulling it taught before letting it go to a small shriek that escaped Debbie's mouth. He moved it up further and roughly shoved two fingers into that same mouth, spreading it wide and feeling her tongue move between them. 

He felt Debbie's inner walls contract hard on his thrusting digits. She moaned loudly around his fingers and he felt her warm liquid release slide down his hand and forearm. He kept his rhythm as she climaxed, slowing only when he felt it pass. 

He stood from his crouching position, leaving Debbie to clamber down from the island, and walked over to Cindy. She hadn't found her release yet and was still furiously rubbing her hairless mound. He offered her his hand that was slick with Debbie's cum. 

"Clean it," he ordered calmly. She moaned in frustration and made no move to do as directed. Jack grabbed her pumping hand and pulled it away from her. She moaned again, more loudly still with his denial of her release as he pulled her to her feet and towards the bedroom. 

"Debbie, you too," he called. 

He pulled Cindy towards the bed halting her at the edge. He sat down and then gestured to his lap. "Lay face down," he said coldly. 

Cindy looked terrified, unsure. "Do it!" Jack barked. She did so, hesitantly. It was a bit awkward at first, but Jack finally got her positioned the way he wanted, her soft stomach resting on his thighs and her pendulous tits dangling next to his leg. 

Jack caressed her large, white ass. So soft, so supple, so spankable, he thought as his open hand rose and fell against her creamy skin for the first time. 

Crack! The sound was like a gunshot, so sharp, so distinct. Cindy tensed her legs and a small cry escaped her lips. His hand fell four times before he paused, caressing he reddened flesh. "You didn't do as I requested. You agreed to be mine to do with what I like while you're here." 

His unoccupied hand roughly grabbed one of her big, soft tits. He mauled it, twisting the nipple, slapping it so that it swung back and forth. His cock pushed hard into her soft belly and he could feel his precum lubing her smooth skin. 

"Look at Debbie," he said for Debbie had entered the room and was watching from near Cindy's head. "Look at her and apologize for not cleaning my hand, for not tasting her cum. Look her in the eyes while I spank your ass in front of her." 

Jack's hand rose and fell again and again. Cindy's ragged voice came in gasps "I'm sorry Debbie, I was so close and I was only thinking of myself. Please forgive me, let me make it up to you. Let me taste you right now." 

Debbie grinned at Jack as she stepped forward, putting one leg up on the bed the better to give Cindy access to her sex. Her lips were still engorged and glistening with the remnants of her orgasm. Debbie grabbed the back of Cindy's head as the latter yelped with another blow and gyrated her hips onto Cindy's face. 

Jack desperately needed to cum now. He rolled Cindy off and put her hands on the bed. "Cindy, I'm going to fuck your married ass now and Debbie's going to help. Debbie, grab the lube from the nightstand and get me ready to fuck your friend's luscious ass." 

Debbie sprang into action as Jack groped Cindy's hanging breasts. Cindy moaned when he released them to step behind her. He slowly fed his throbbing cock into Cindy's tight wet vagina while Debbie dropped some of the viscous liquid onto Cindy's tight ring. Debbie pushed one, then two fingers in, liberally adding more lube until she finally managed a third. Cindy's groans had become louder with each new intrusion and Jack kept a slow, methodical pace until he felt Cindy was ready and he pulled out.  

Debbie was ready for him and squirted a dollop of lube onto the head of his cock before massaging it down along his thick shaft with her slim fingers. She pumped him a few times before stepping back. 

"Spread your ass for me Cindy. Reach back and pull those magnificent cheeks apart." Jack's voice was quiet but insistent. He watched as her pale hands grabbed the reddened flesh of her cheeks and pulled them apart. 

"Look at your friend Cindy. Look at Debbie as you take my fat cock in your ass. She's going to lick my cum off your ass when I'm done with you." Jack watched Cindy's head turn in Debbie's direction and he pushed against her tight rosebud. 

Cindy cried out at the intrusion, grasping the sheets tightly and Debbie stepped forward, slipping a hand between Cindy's legs and rubbing Cindy's clit. Cindy's cry became a moan of pleasure and Jack inched his way further into her bowels. 

He could feel Debbie's fingers inadvertently tap against his balls as they worked their magic and he slowly rocked his way in and out of Cindy's ass. Eventually she had taken his whole shaft and he began to fuck her in earnest. 

"God this is so fucking hot," said Debbie in a low voice. The hand that was not touching Cindy was caressing her own tanned breast, teasing the nipple. 

Jack felt his orgasm approach as Cindy's hips began gyrating more disjointedly. His married neighbor's ass clenched with her orgasm and it pushed him over as well. Pulling his throbbing cock from her asshole he directed his release at her still-red ass and watched as his cock pulsed, releasing rope after rope of hot sticky cum onto her inflamed skin. 

Cindy collapsed face down in a heap on the bed. Without prompting Debbie moved behind her and began licking Jack's cum from her friend's abused backside. Her intense green eyes found his and he watched a sticky glob of cum on her tongue disappear into her mouth and down her throat. She finally found the last of it and licked it up, moving to Cindy's head and kissing her deeply, pushing Jack's cum into Cindy's mouth. 

"Holy shit!" came Cindy's voice once their kiss had broken. "Hoooo-leeee-shiiit. I didn't think it would be possible to top last night but this was something else. Goddamn." 

Two down, Jack thought to himself. How many do I have to collect before I officially have a harem?