 Nick's life had changed. 6 months ago he was still at school. 6 weeks before he had started working for a gap year before going off to college the following summer. For most of that time he had enjoyed working for the largest company in his village, a small distribution company, mainly working in a warehouse, sometimes covering for the receptionist when she was off work. It was a friendly place, with the 25 or so staff keeping a fatherly or motherly eye on him. It had been a good place to work, even if having 25 parents watching you could feel rather overwhelming!

But it had all changed. In less than a week Nick had been "awakened." Yes, he had been with a couple of girls at a party, and for a time had a girlfriend. But the previous week it had all changed. Somehow he had descended into a world of kinkiness and fun, which he was loving. He had seen a conversation between Mr Frazer and an online friend, talking about him, Nick, "The Twink." It had ended up with him spending Saturday with the Frazers – Paul Frazer and his wife Stacey, half of the time clearing the garden, the other half being introduced to rather kinky bi-sex. And Nick was honest – it had been fantastic. And yes, he had loved them taking him, owning him. And it hadn't stopped there. The following Wednesday Mandy, the receptionist had tried to "domme" him, dressing him in girls clothes, tricking him into meeting her daughter Lindsay, until Nick had instinctively realised that she wasn't domme, and he suddenly had the confidence to turn the tables on her.

Nick had also learnt a lot, particularly about his mother, whose husband, Nick's father, had died 6 years earlier in an accident. He had heard about how his parents and Paul and Stacey Frazer went in for swinging before Nick had been born. He also heard how Mandy and his Mother – Susie – had been lovers for a while. It had taken Nick aback – within a week she had been transformed in his mind from being a mother into a sex object. And she was sexy, Nick suddenly realised. Indeed it was his mother's friendship with Mandy and the Frasers that had got Nick the job, although he had never had a sense of what that relationship was for real. Of course Nick had not revealed he knew any of this to his mother and had acted as he already had, although he had an inkling that somehow in the near future his relationship with his mother would change... 

It was all a lot to take in, but it was good to take in, and after his evening with Mandy he had found himself jerking off just remembering all that had happened, and the sexual sides to himself he was discovering. His enjoyment of submitting. Women. Men. Dressing. Domming when appropriate. Now he knew, somehow that the barbeque at the Frasers on Saturday was going to be different, the barbeque that he and his mother were both invited to...

The barbeque dragged on. Nick and his mother had arrived mid-afternoon, and while it had been fine, nothing strange at all had happened. It had been a really hot afternoon, so Nick had worn a pair of blue cotton shorts and boxers, with a t-shirt. Nick's mother – Susie - wore a short white skirt, pink t-shirt and underwear. It was only over recent days that he had seen her a sex object, and Susie was aware that his eyes had taken in her body as they had got into their car. Nick almost felt disappointed – he was expecting something... He had spent some time chatting with Lindsay – Mandy's daughter who was a similar age to Nick – she had reached 18 a couple of weeks before. Apart from an initial comment when Lindsay had asked him whether he was wearing his mother's panties today – which he wasn't – they had chatted about school, and college, and music, and all the sort of things older teenagers chatted about. Nick had looked around. He saw Mr and Mrs Fraser. His mother. Mandy. An older couple who were Stacey Fraser's parents (he remembered being introduced to them as Charlie and Norma, a couple who smiled readily). Tom, a guy in his 50's who was a foreman in the warehouse, who had been very kind to Nick at work. And another couple, the only couple who had surprised Nick. Nick had been introduced to them as Val and Ian, but who already knew Val. "Val" had been Mrs Wheeton, his former French teacher, a fearsome woman when you were thirteen, who could wither with a look! Someone who was obeyed. Here at the barbeque she may have softened, but there was something still formidable about her, and Nick wondered how good it might be to submit to her and her husband... or how bad.

Through the afternoon they had drunk beer or soft drinks. They had eaten chicken, and sausages and burgers. And nothing had happened. Nothing seemed to happen until early evening when the midges were beginning to get bad, and all agreed they should go inside to get out of their way. For some minutes they all sat and chatted in the sitting room until Nick was suddenly startled. Suddenly the room had quietened, and Paul Fraser was the only one talking. He continued as if the conversation had simply come around to him, and the rest faded out. "...so I was saying to Stacey that we should have our barbeque, so those of us offended by him could sort things out." It was said ironically, and at the word "offended" Paul had winked lavishly to those around the room. "Tell you what – I'll start."

There was a pause as Nick tried to fathom out what was going on. He noticed that his mother looked a bit confused, but everyone else around the room seemed to be aware of what was happening. 

Paul Fraser continued. "I'll tell you why I was offended – a couple of things." He paused. "Would you believe it but he actually read private stuff on my computer? And then he distracted my staff from working hard." He paused and gave a dramatic shaking of his head. How about you Stacey?" Nick had woken up to what might be going on. 

Stacey shook her head and tutted loudly. "Well, worse. Would you believe he actually got hold of a pair of my panties and, um, soiled them as only a young man can." Nick went bright red. He knew it was teasing, but aimed at him. Stacey spoke again. "How about you, Mandy? What did he do to you?"

Mandy looked embarrassed, but also looked amused, staring straight at Nick, making him feel very self-conscious. "He was so bossy. Always wanted to be on top, tell me what to do. Thought he owned me!" Nick went even brighter red and cast his eyes to the floor. "How about you, Val, Ian? You taught him French, didn't you, Val?"

Mrs Wheeton – the dragon who had taught Nick French in his early teens – smiled. "Certainly did. Lazy little brat he was too. Trouble was the rules wouldn't let you give them the good spanking they deserved. Hoping to get the chance this evening! How about you, Charlie, Norma?"

Nick looked towards the elderly couple, perhaps in their late sixties. Norma would have been attractive in her earlier years, Charlie would have been handsome. Both smiled readily. It was Charlie who spoke. "Truth is I never met him before. But when you get to our age you can do whatever you feel like, and I think we'd both like to give his cute little ass a feel, or a spanking."

Paul Fraser took up the conversation again. "Don't worry, we'll all get a chance to give him a spanking. What about you Lindsay, Tom, Suzie?"

Lindsay played along, complaining that Nick had worn her pyjamas. Tom – the foreman from work complained that having such a cute boy around the place had distracted his staff, and also had distracted him, especially as he hadn't had such a cute boy around for many years. 

It was Suzie, Nick's mother, who was last to speak. She had a mixture of feelings, embarrassed for Nick, realising it was fun, wanting to be part of the crowd, wanting to fit in. She paused before complaining: "He never tidies his bedroom, or puts his dirty clothes in the wash. And I've even found some of my underwear in his room occasionally!"

Nick was embarrassed, particularly after he heard Paul Fraser's words that followed. "Tell you what, we'll all have a couple of minutes with him over our laps to spank, or play with. Think leaving his room untidy and not putting his clothes in the wash is the worst sin, so his mother can have the last turn." Nick was embarrassed. And realised he was excited. Too excited. Humiliation. Spanking. Played with – it was somehow too much. And he felt tight in his shorts...

Suddenly Paul Fraser turned to Nick and snapped at him. "Okay Nick, over Charlie's lap, quickly. NOW." Nick was surprised at the fierceness of the order, but he found himself getting to his feet, walking over to the settee where Charlie and Norma were sat. And he did, carefully, lie on Charlie's. It took a bit of organising but at last both he and Charlie felt comfortable. 

Truth was, Charlie did give him a spanking, but to Nick it felt gentle. When Charlie had finished, Norma, his wife, just told Nick to stay where he was, and spanked him herself. Again, it didn't feel hard, but it was the embarrassment that was so hard, to be spanked by this elderly couple in front of the others, as the elderly couple giggled while carrying out their "task." 

"Okay, on to the next!" Paul Frazer took Nick and led him to Val – Mrs Wheeton, and laid him over her lap. Nick was nervous – he thought Mrs Wheeton wouldn't be so soft in her spanking. 

Nick was shocked: he lay over Mrs Wheeton's lap, and suddenly felt a hand cupping his balls through his shorts. Not just cupping them, but grasping them and squeezing. Mrs Wheeton's hand. The feel of the woman's hand holding his balls immediately shot sensations into his cock, and he was twitching against Mrs's Wheetons legs. It was even more embarrassing – she must feel his hard cock throbbing against her. Nick heard Mrs Wheeton speak quietly to him. "You like that, don't you, you naughty boy. Bet you won't like this..." Suddenly Nick felt a stinging as he felt a hand smack hard on his ass. He fought and squirmed hard, but found the hand gripping his balls hard, holding him in place. 

There was a pause as Nick squirmed, suddenly realising he was rubbing his cock against Mrs Wheeton's thigh. Suddenly he cried out as the next hard slap landed, his ass stinging in the pain. This time he squirmed again, but felt the grip on his balls tighten for a moment, causing his balls to hurt as he fought the stinging in his ass. The next smack came quicker than he expected, compounding the stinging, again his balls hurting as they were gripped tight holding him on Mrs Wheeton's lap. 

Mrs Wheeton was measured, but relentless, and he received another 6 smacks, the pain compounded by the pain in his balls as they were squeezed hard. Nick was crying, although he heard some of the room laughing and giggling. The man's voice broke through the pain in his ass and balls, his cock hard rubbing against Mrs Wheeton's thighs. "Enough. Time to move on." Nick was happy Mr Fraser had interrupted, happier still when he was lifted off Mrs Wheeton's lap, docilely following as Mr Fraser led him over to Tom, and put him down on his lap.

Nick knew Tom from work, the foreman in the warehouse. He was a good foreman. He was caring, warm, even gentle at times. Tom was the gentle father everyone dreamed of having. Tom himself was very fond of Nick, even fantasized about him! He spoke gently and quietly to Nick. "Right lad, can't spank you like that. Let's get rid of some of the stinging." Nick felt Tom rest his hand on Nick's ass, and gently began to squeeze, gently began to rub. Nick felt the hand swirling around, massaging. He felt the hand gently caressing his balls, easing the pain in them as well. For Nick it was easing the stinging, but it was having another effect which Tom could feel – Nick's cock was pulsing and throbbing against Tom. 

Suddenly Nick felt Tom's hand at the waist band of his shorts, then pushing inside his shorts. It felt good, but very naughty. And embarrassing – enjoying this man's hand caressing his naked ass. And with an audience. He felt Tom gently pushing a finger between his asscheeks, then it was there. His finger was gently probing and caressing Nick's asshole. Tom whispered softly. "As far as i can go now. Next week at work I'll give this little mancunt a proper work out. Have to stop now..."

Paul Fraser had stepped over to where Nick lay over Tom's lap, and gestured for him to stand up. Everyone could see Nick was getting excited. Too excited. His shorts bulged as he stood there, breathing heavily, slightly twitching. Paul Fraser spoke quietly to him. "Bet you can't take much more of this. We'll finish it then send you home with your mother to unwind and recover a bit. Think we'll just have a bit more kinkiness first." If Nick hadn't been red from arousal, he would certainly have gone red from embarrassment. Paul spoke again. "We'll just take your clothes off this time. Don't move." Paul Fraser snapped his order as Nick had slightly shied away. 

Nick stood there as Paul Fraser pulled down his shorts and boxers, letting his cock leap free. He removed Nick's t-shirt. One or two whistled as they looked at Nick's Cock, stiff, hard and long. Other's stared hard. Nick kept his eyes to the ground. The cocktail of caressing, teasing, spanking, nakedness had left his breathing heavy, his heart beating rapidly. "Last one," Paul Fraser said casually, and led Nick towards Suzie his mother. "Over her lap, now!" Paul pushed the naked Nick over Suzie's lap, so that Nick's cock poked out between her legs. As his cock twitched he felt it brush against the inside of his mother's thighs, although she was wearing her short skirt and panties.

Susie blushed. She knew this was where the Fraser's were leading, but now it had happened it had been so embarrassing. And yet the moment Nick's cock brushed against her thigh it felt like a bolt had shot into her pussy, and she knew she was wet, her panties soaking up her juices. Suzie sat there, unsure what to do, unwilling to touch her son with her hands. She hoped the Fraser's wouldn't make her do it. 

Paul Fraser knew there had to be limits. He couldn't and shouldn't make Susie touch her son, particularly here in front of an audience. He had other ideas, perhaps just as kinky. Paul turned to Mandy and gestured her over. Mandy approached. Susie remembered she and Mandy had been in a relationship for a while, although it had just petered out with Nick growing older. As Mandy approached she remembered how much she loved the electric touch of Mandy's mouth, how good it felt to have Mandy's mouth pushed against her. Or sucking her nipples. Or working her pussy. Susie always thought that Mandy's tongue made her body "sing."

Mandy leant over and kissed Susie hard on the lips, then let her hand rest on Nick's ass. As she kissed Susie hard, she began to squeeze and pinch Nick's ass, and Susie felt his cock twitching hard against her thighs. But there was more. As they kissed, both Mandy and Susie heard Paul Fraser speak again. "Okay Lindsay. When these two stop snogging you can play with him and milk him dry."

Susie was reluctant to let Mandy go, but Paul Fraser was in charge. Mandy slowly returned to her seat, as Lindsay, giggling, came over, knelt before Susie and grabbed Nick's cock between Susie's legs. Slowly Lindsay began to slide her hand up and down Nick's cock, to which he instantly moaned out loud. She repeated it again, but then stopped. Somehow her instincts were telling her how to tease. When she stopped Nick was instantly begging. "Please, please make me cum; please, I've gotta cum..."

But Lindsay's instincts said there was more she could do here. More fun. For all of them. As she slid her hand up and down Nick's cock, she straighted her first finger and found it was just long enough to softly and gently tickle Susie's crotch over her panties. As her hand slowly worked up and down Nick's cock, so her finger slowly tickled along the crotch of Susie's panties, and Susie's body responded, the crotch of her panties getting wetter and wetter. 

Nick felt his mother squirm under him, as much as the sensations in his cock by the hand of Lindsay were overwhelming him. Little did he know that Susie had moved to allow Lindsay to push per panties aside and run the tip of her finger between the sopping lips of Susie's pussy.

For Nick he couldn't last much longer. Suddenly he moaned out loud, felt bolts of cum shooting out all over his mother's foot. For him – and her – it felt like gallons. All the rest applauded and cheered. Lindsay continued to milk him with her hand until his cock started to shrink. At that moment Paul Fraser stepped in. 

Paul was now back in charge. "Thank's Lindsay – you were amazing." He pointed her to his wife and they sat together in a seat. Lindsay was smiling – she had dreamt of Mrs Fraser taking control of her and teaching her...

"Okay, Nick, here's your clothes. Better get dressed and let your mother take you home to get cleaned up. She'll probably want to clean up as well. Go on, Susie, take the naughty boy home."

The next few minutes felt like a blur to Nick, and within a few minutes he found himself sitting beside his mother in the car, the smell of cum strong, driving back to their home in silence. Somehow he knew that the rest of the people at the party might be there for some time. And he knew what they would be doing. For him it was silence – neither he nor his mother knew how to break the silence all the way home. What could you say after you'd been jerked off while lying over your mother's lap, your cock brushing her thigh inches from her crotch? What do you say while your son has been lying over your lap begging to be jerked off and make to shoot his cum? 

Susie had driven the car, and parked it on the drive in front of their flats. Both had walked quickly into the flats, through their front door. It was at that moment Susie broke the silence. "Do you want to take the main shower, I'll have the one in my bedroom?" It was the words which broke the dam for Nick.

Nick was a young guy. He had quick powers of recovery. He had been confused by what had happened. He remembered what had happened. He remembered what the inside of his mother's thighs had felt like. He had smelt her dampness while he had been lying over lap. He remembered what he had heard about his mother. It was too much for him. As they faced each other he grabbed her, pulled her hard to him and kissed her passionately on the lips, thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth, wrestling with hers. For a moment Susie resisted, it was so wrong, this, with her son. But they had come this far...

She was still resisting when his hand descended to her ass and squeezed her hard while still passionately thrusting his tongue into her throat. Somehow he sensed her resistance melting away, so he released her ass for a moment and ripped off the button which held her skirt up. He pushed the skirt to the floor, then kissed her again, this time thrusting his hand between the bare cheeks of her ass and pushed his fingers to her asshole. For a moment Susie stiffened – no-one had ever done that to her before, but now she knew she was at the mercy of her son, and knew there was nothing he was about to do that she would resist.

Suddenly nick released her just long enough to pick her up and carry her through to her bedroom. As he did she held on to him around his neck. Nick was so powerful – he dropped her onto the bed, ripped his own clothes off and was immediately between her legs, forcing them wide apart. Nick knew he could take her straight away, but he wanted to do more. He wanted to strip away any resistance she had, any inhibitions she still might have felt. 

Nick growled: "Tell me what I am going to do. Tell me what you want me to do."

Susie lay under this strong man who was her son, and would yield anything to him. She wanted to feel his cock in her sopping wet pussy. "Please, you're going to take me. Make me submit, enter me."
