 Fair warning that the following text contains rough sex, cuckolding, male-on-male and female-on-female scenarios. If that's not your particular brand of vodka, please feel free to move on to another story.

Constructive feedback and your thoughts are most welcome. Please leave a comment or send me a message.

*****

Jack awoke early to Cindy's hand massaging his morning erection. "Look who's finally awake!" she giggled. The curves of her nude form jiggled delightfully with her laughter and Jack felt himself swell in her pale hand.

"You guys wore me out," Jack confessed, his eyes closing again as her hand continued to pump him.

"You?!" Cindy cried in mock indignation. "I've never dreamed that I would be so thoroughly fucked! Jesus!"

Jack grinned and cracked an eye open to look at her. "We should save that for later," he said, eyeing her pistoning hand. "I have a feeling I'm going to need to be at the top of my game tonight."

"I can't wait until tonight. Max has some little blue pills. Want me to get one for you?" Cindy asked helpfully.

Jack mulled the idea over in his mind: a four-hour erection may be just what he needed. "OK," he said, "make Max give you one for me. But make sure you let him know that he's giving it to me so that I can fuck his wife."

Cindy's pale cheeks grew rosy at this comment and she averted her eyes from his.

"Promise me," Jack said softly, "promise me that you'll tell him. If he's as into this as I think, he'll love it."

She nodded her head in acquiescence to his request and bent forward, her eyes closed, taking his turgid pole into her mouth. He felt his shaft slide over her tongue, the head of his cock inflating and pushing against her throat. 

With the promise of chemical assistance, Jack had to agree with Cindy that a bit of play was in order. She popped her mouth off his now-glistening cock and looked up at him expectantly.

"You weren't looking at me while I let you suck my cock. You know the rules" Jack's voice had grown cold, hard, and the words tasted metallic on his tongue.

"I know," she replied, her face flushing. "And I know what that means. I can't believe that I want it so badly. I know how much you like spanking me and it turns me on like crazy. I get so wet. I want you to cum and deny me the same pleasure."

Cindy's monologue was interrupted by the doorbell. Jack motioned her to remain in bed and grabbed his robe from the floor. He donned the garment on his way to the door where he found Debbie grinning at him.

"I was hoping you'd be up. Is Cindy still here? Bill had to go into the office early, so he could be here on time." 

She was as bubbly and chatty as ever Jack thought.

She stepped inside and continued to talk as he closed the door behind her. He turned to find her shrugging out of her shirt, exposing those wonderful breasts whose areolas blended almost seamlessly with the surrounding skin. 

"Bill has been insatiable. This is the best sex we've ever had: we've never been so connected. We did it again last night once we got home and he wanted to do it again this morning! But I told him he'd have to wait for tonight, that I didn't think he had earned the privilege of touching my body again yet." Her green eyes sparkled as she continued, but her manner nonchalant as she shed her shoes, socks, and spandex pants.

"Last night was amazing!" she exclaimed, continuing. "I can't believe you made me squirt all over Cindy's face!" 

She hadn't even given him a moment to greet her. Jack closed the space between them and shoved his hands between her legs, palming her meaty lips. He could feel her slick arousal coating his palm and her hips bucked involuntarily against his hand.

Her words had stopped the instant his skin made contact with her exposed sex but she began to moan as his fingers explored her tight channel and engorged lips.

"Good morning Debbie," he said calmly. "Nice to see you too. Why don't you come in and make yourself at home." 

Her eyes flashed, and Jack saw her mix of arousal and trepidation laid as bare before him as her body currently was.

"Come on back to the bedroom. Cindy is indeed still here and I was just about to deal with her." His voice remained calm and cool as he removed his hand and pushed his moistened fingers into her mouth. He watched as her stomach clenched, a wave of pleasure passing through her and she moaned around his fingers as her tongue darted about, cleaning them.

He held his arm out, a gesture that indicated she should lead the way. She broke his gaze and straightened her shoulders, head held high and began to walk to the bedroom. The bronzed flesh of her ass cheeks rolled and shook with each step, a mesmerizing vision, and Jack's cock began to regain its steel. 

"Couldn't stay away?" asked Cindy playfully when Debbie entered the room. 

Debbie didn't reply, her eyes downcast, and Cindy looked at Jack with a confused look on her pretty face.

"No, she couldn't," Jack answered for Debbie. "And she barged in without asking. Hell, I might have been entertaining a lady for all she knew."

"Hello?" Cindy said with a grin and a wave that caused her pendulous breasts to crash against one another. 

"You're not a lady. You're my slut, a cum dump." Jack's voice was only halfway serious, and Cindy recognized it as such. "Cindy was just telling me," Jack said, turning to Debbie, "that she's found she really likes to be spanked and wants me to deny her orgasms, weren't you Cindy?" 

He turned to Cindy as he finished the question. "Yes, that's true," she replied quietly.

"Was there anything else you wanted to say?" Jack asked. 

"Just that I got really turned on when you both came on my face." Cindy's voice seemed to be getting smaller as she was forced to confess her newfound fetishes in front of two other people. 

"Good to know," Jack said, making a mental note. "Anything that you particularly like or want more of?" 

Jack's question was directed at Debbie who looked like she couldn't figure out whether to blush or blanche.

"Just use me however you want to. Keep doing what you've been doing," she said to the floor.

"Cindy, sit on the edge of the bed," Jack directed. "Debbie, lean over so that your tits touch hers."

The women moved, Cindy shifting to the edge of the bed and Debbie stepping forward and bending slightly at the waist. Jack stepped next to the women who had wound up awkwardly embracing and forced his hand between their breasts, his fingers capturing two nipples. 

He pinched hard and both women gasped as he rolled the two rubbery nubs together. With his other hand he landed a vicious blow on Debbie's cheek and felt her push harder into Cindy with the unexpected timing of the blow.

He worked Debbie's ass over a few more times as she moaned before indicating telling Cindy that she should join him, as he stepped behind Debbie and roughly sheathed himself between her glistening lips with one thrust. 

Cindy extricated herself from the sapphic embrace and joined Jack. He grabbed her by the back of her neck and forced her head down onto Debbie's shapely ass. "Open your fucking mouth," he growled, and her lips opened tentatively. His hand held her head in place as he pumped himself into Debbie a few times before removing his drenched cock and roughly shoving it into the blonde's waiting mouth.

"One for you," Jack counted and pulled himself from Cindy's lips, "and one for Debbie." He said, pushing easily back into the latter.

"Another for you," he said, again withdrawing from Debbie's grasping nether lips and feeding his engorged member to Cindy. "And another for Debbie," he continued, once he felt that her tongue had cleaned enough of Debbie's slippery arousal from his shaft and he plunged it back into Debbie.

He pulled Cindy's head up roughly by her hair, spinning her so that she faced the bed. He grabbed her shoulder and pulled her so that her hips touched Debbie's before pushing her upper back so that her body mirrored Debbie's. 

Jack's hand snuck between Cindy's legs and he roughly pushed two fingers into her slit eliciting a moan from the blonde. His fingers pumped into her depths twice in time with his thrusts into the brunette before he added a third finger, causing Cindy's moan to morph into a gasp. He withdrew his hand from Cindy and slapped her broad ass with his wet fingers, pulling shrieks from Max's wife. Jack's hand fell repeatedly on her exposed flesh, turning the expanse of creamy white skin into a pattern of red, finger shaped stripes.

He did not care if the women orgasmed this time: in fact, he thought it best to leave them right on the edge. He could feel Debbie begin to buck her hips back against him more insistently and the tenor of her moans change as well. He pulled out of her, stepping over and sinking himself into Cindy's proffered delights. Debbie groaned with his denial and Cindy grunted with his intrusion. 

He fought to keep his climax at bay: Cindy seemed to be approaching her release as well. He released her previously white globes from his clenching hands and nearly shouted "Turn around, on your knees!"

The women spun and sunk to their knees before him, shoulder to shoulder. Jack stroked his slippery cock at their upturned faces, considering his options. "Get me my phone Cindy," he commanded urgently.

Cindy retrieved Jack's phone from the nightstand and passed it to him before resuming her position next to the brunette. Jack managed to launch the video recorder moments before he erupted, thoroughly coating Debbie's face with his load. 

He came in her hair, on her closed eyes, and into her upturned mouth. He directed his rapidly deflating cock at Cindy who licked the last of his seed from the tip of his cock before engulfing his member with her mouth. 

"Clean Debbie with your tongue," Jack said softly, momentarily winded. Cindy did so, her bright pink tongue licking his cum off her friend's face. 

"Show me before you swallow. I want to see it in your mouth." Jack's voice was conversational as if this was a normal request to make of two married women and the incongruency of the situation was not lost on him. 

He kept recording as Cindy completed her task, showing him his cum on her tongue before swallowing it, though she surprised him by licking up a particularly thick rope and then kissing Debbie. The two turned and displayed tongues covered with his seed before swallowing and grinning up at him. 

As the trio cleaned up Jack got Max's number from Cindy. He took several screen shots from the short video, sending the pictures of the women to their respective husbands. 

Bill responded immediately, his message a single yellow emoji with hearts for eyes.

Max's response was quick as well, asking for more pictures. Jack figured it was the least he could do and sent a few snaps of Cindy's reddened ass. Max's final reply was a single word: "Fuck."

As the women dressed, Debbie floated the proposition that they move the time up for today's gathering. "We'll provide everything," she promised, Cindy nodding her agreement. "Just leave it to us."

Jack couldn't see a downside and it was agreed that everyone would reconvene at 5. Cindy was on her way to get Max from the airport and Debbie promised to send Bill over at the appointed time to do chores for Jack.