 Feedback and constructive criticism are most welcome! 

3.

Monday morning dawned to find Jack already on the road, his sneakers beating a steady staccato onto the wet pavement. He had pushed on this run, still keeping the distance at a respectable three miles but working to drive his mile time down. He idly wondered why no one else around here was out jogging. There were plenty of lights appearing in windows but not a lot of movement at 6 am.

He saw the women as he rounded the next bend. Both relatively tall, ponytails swinging as they jogged along. As the pair passed under a streetlamp he recognized Debbie from the previous night's adventure. She and her husband had snuck back to their house like teenagers under the cover of darkness after she had given him a deep kiss in parting. Bill had been grinning from ear to ear as he stuck out his hand to take his leave.

It had taken him a moment or two upon awakening to remember and reconstruct yesterday. His morning erection demanded attention, but Jack figured he could find a better use for the load and so opted instead to go for a run.

As the women drew closer he saw Debbie flash a brilliant smile and a quick wave. The blonde woman accompanying her merely nodded with a polite smile and then the two were past him, having received a nod and a smile from him in return.

He was just stepping out of the shower when he heard a knock on the door. Quickly throwing some athletic shorts on but forgoing a shirt he answered the door to find the women on his door step, flushed from their exertion. "Mondays are running days. Might as well get the worst of it out of the way" Debbie said with a grin. "Mind if we come in and cool off? Our husbands are both glued to their respective TV's, eating Eggo's or some other worthless shit."

Blondie giggled at this. She was almost as tall as Debbie but was pale skinned and her curves were even more pronounced than her friend's. Jack judged her to be a solid D, maybe even DD, cup compared to Debbie's C. Errant strands of hair were plastered to both women's necks, having escaped their ponytails.

"Can I offer you some water? Coffee? Tea?" asked Jack. "I also have some fresh fruit, bagels, cream cheese and lox if you'd like to have a bite."

"Water would be great" said the blonde. "I'm Cindy by the way. Debbie told me that she's helping you with decorating and that she and Bill came over yesterday for a swim and some delicious margaritas."

"Did she now?" Jack asked. "Did she say that they had the time of their lives? That's what I was hoping for."

Debbie blushed but it went unnoticed by Cindy who laughed; a pretty, shiny sound. "No, she didn't say that. But she said that I should get try to get the same invitation from you for my husband and me if possible."

"The same one?" Jack looked pointedly at Debbie whose flush was now complete and was looking demurely at the floor. "I'd be happy to meet more of the locals. I'm assuming that you live around here?"

"We do, just one street over. My husband is a contractor for the military and will be shipping out along with a deployment for the next three months to maintain his company's systems. Be careful with your invitation: you may not be able to get rid of me. We don't have a pool and the weather is turning hot too early this year."

Jack's eyes held Cindy's deep blue ones as she spoke, and he tried to make his smolder. Hell, he thought, I just may wind up with a harem. I wonder how many unsatisfied married women a neighborhood can hold.

"I'd be happy to have you and/or your husband over. I'd like to meet him before he ships out. Do you have plans for dinner tonight?" Jack queried and she replied that they had no plans. "Great" he said. "Why don't you guys come over late this afternoon and we can play in the pool and grill some burgers."

Cindy said that sounded great but wanted to double check with her husband before he left for work. She gave Debbie a quick hug and the air kisses that so many women do and flounced out the door.

"Call Bill and tell him that you're having breakfast here. He's welcome to come over as well. Then go rinse off." His voice was calm but had that same new-found authority from yesterday. He found himself slipping into this role easily.

As she grabbed her cell phone he crossed the few feet separating them. He shoved a hand down her pants to find her vagina soaking wet. "Couldn't even go twelve hours? You're practically dripping" his fingers teased her and she moaned into the receiver, one hand steadying herself on the island as she spread her legs to give him better access.

"He's not answering" she gasped as his other hand found her sports bra and pulled it up, releasing her breasts. God they were sexy Jack thought. He loved the way the areolas almost blended into the skin around them and marveled at their size. Sand dollars, he decided.

"Text him then" and she hastened to comply as he manhandled her body. He pulled her tit with one hand, twisting the nipple he did so. He removed the other hand from her pants and shoved his moistened fingers into her mouth. "Clean them" he said and relished in the sensation of her tongue darting between his fingers.

Finished texting, she set the phone down. "Shower, now. Then come back here" he directed her.

He watched her move away, enjoying the roll of her hips and ample ass and considered what he wanted to do next. Breakfast would be the most practical thing: his body needed nourishment after last night's activities and this morning's run. But his stiffening rod had other ideas.

Minutes later she stepped back into the room, nude. She hadn't washed her hair, but he hadn't wanted to wait that long. "On your knees" he said and she slowly sank down before him. She reached up, just as her husband had done the previous day and slowly slid the pants down to the floor. Her warm hand caressed his balls and she opened her mouth to accept his member. She moaned, her eyes closed as she sucked him deeper into her throat as her other hand flicked between her legs. Jack enjoyed the view, watching his fat cock stretch her pretty mouth. He let her work him to full size and then pulled her to her feet.

"Hands on the island, bend over" he said coldly. She giggled, wiggling her supple ass back at him. He enjoyed watching the ripples in the meat of her ass and he could see moist lips peeking from between her legs.

He spanked her unexpectedly, hard. It burned his hand and left a distinct outline on her ass. She yelped, pulling away and closing her feet together. "No" he commanded. "I told you to maintain eye contact with me when my cock is down your throat. You didn't, so you'll be punished you cock hungry slut. You touched yourself without asking too." His hand fell again and again. Her ass was bright red and hot to the touch now.

He paused, caressing her burning flesh before dipping a finger into her canal. She was wetter than before, just as he had hoped. She moaned with the intrusion. "What did you tell Cindy about us?" he demanded.

"Nothing really" she panted. "I said that we met you yesterday and I thought you would be a good influence on Bill. I said you were a man's man. Big frame, hairy chest, and that you were recently divorced. Maybe I joked about you setting up a harem but that's it."

"Is that what you want? You want me to have a harem?" Jack continued to tease her lips, now adding a finger. She writhed under his touch, spreading her legs again and bucking back against his hand.

"Yesss" she hissed.

"Why?" He was genuinely curious. He didn't understand why she would want to share him with other women.

"I want them to feel what you did to me last night. I want to watch you take these women and make them your sluts like I am now. They're just as unsatisfied as I was before last night. You can fix that. You can make my friends happy. I want to make them just as fulfilled" she replied, soft moans mixed in with her words.

"Tell me about Cindy" he directed.

"Her husband is fat. He's lazy. She says that he has the tiniest dick she's ever seen. I think it must be a micropenis." Her voice had an edge and he could tell that she genuinely disliked the guy.

He removed his fingers and traced them upwards, circling her rosebud, then pushing the tip of one in.

"Ohhh" she moaned and pushed back against him again.

"Touch yourself" he said and her hand dropped from the counter and disappeared between her legs as he worked his finger in and out of her ass. "Are you bisexual?" he asked.

"I don't think so. At least not really. I've never really done anything with a woman before, but I find some women attractive." Her response, while not what he had quite hoped for was encouraging nevertheless.

He decided to push. New Jack pushed when he felt like it. Slipping another finger into her tight ring elicited another, louder moan. "You will help me bed these women. You will suck me hard for them. You will watch as I give them your stolen orgasms you dirty slut. You'll watch as I wreck their tight snatches and the first time you taste my cum will be out of one of your friend's pussies." His words and the mental images drove her over the edge and he felt her tighten against his hands and shudder as an orgasm washed over her. "Tell me" he said. "Tell me you'll do it."

"Yes" she gasped. "Your cum, their pussies, all of their pussies. Their asses. Wherever. I need it." The words were disjointed but Jack felt his flagging erection return to full mast with her affirmation. He had definitely picked the right neighborhood.

He stood, moving behind her. "Spread your ass for me. Ask, no beg, me to fuck you in your married ass." His words felt cold in his mouth yet somehow natural.

"Please" she gasped. "Please fuck my married ass. Stretch it like my husband can't. Make me scream. Take what you want."

Her hands pulled her voluptuous cheeks apart, fingers sinking into the layer of fat. Her ass still glowed from her spanking, and he positioned himself, sliding into her tight cunt first to lube himself up. God she was tight. Bill's skinny prick hadn't done much to loosen her up over the years. She moaned and gasped as he stroked in and out a few times, thoroughly coating his shaft. He withdrew and placed the crown of his cock over her hole, the only one left to claim as his own. He heard her gasp and a small cry escaped her lips as the crown of his cock popped through her tight ring.

She let go of her cheeks, bracing herself against the island for support. He rocked his way into her ass, inch by fat inch until his cock was completely buried in her. He felt her fingers worrying her clit, occasionally brushing his balls. "So full" she murmured. "Never before, ugh."

He eased back then slid all of the way in again. He could see their reflections in the window. Her head was bowed down and her tits swung enticingly as he began to piston in and out of her faster. Her cries of discomfort soon turned to moans of pleasure. He slapped her ass a few more times to bring the red back out and felt himself coming close to his own orgasm.

Wanting more, he withdrew and grabbed a stool, placing it next to the island. "Get up" he said and she turned, resting her burning ass on the seat. Her legs were spread and her tits hung, slightly drooping off the sides of her chest. He shifted her forward in the seat a bit, exposing her previously tight anal ring that now gaped slightly. He shoved his hard cock back into her ass and watched her face contort with pleasure and pain.

"Cum for me. Cum with my cock buried deep in your married ass. Cum while you feel me fill you up." His words were growls and her face was a mask of ecstasy. He slapped a tit with the flat of his hand and her moan of approval brought him right back to the edge. Again his hand fell and then she was cumming, spraying him again, clenching hard on his cock, driving him to his own release. With a roar Jack unloaded, spraying her bowels with his seed.

She slumped back as he slowed, a light sheen of sweat on her chest. When he removed his cock her ass was truly gaping. He watched it pulse, re-forming now that the violent intruder was gone as his cum profusely leaked out of her wrecked hole.

"Your job now is to make sure I'm balls deep in Cindy tonight. I don't care how you do it, just make it happen."

She looked at him, still panting slightly. "I'll do it. I'll make it happen."

4

Debbie left after dressing and grabbing a bagel on her way out the door. Jack cleaned up and set about catching up on email and then making a run to the local mall for some more Florida-appropriate attire. He didn't think swimming in his boxers two days in a row would go over so well. He also stocked up on margarita supplies, figuring that if Debbie was using that as a selling point he had better be able to deliver.

He spent some time on the backyard in the afternoon, mowing, pruning, and ensuring the pool and hot tub were ready to go. He was sweaty and grimy when his phone alerted him to a text message.

Debbie: It's all set. You just be yourself.

Jack smiled to himself. This was entirely too easy.

His doorbell chimed at 4 pm and he opened it to find Cindy and who he presumed was her husband on the step. "Hi neighbor!" she said in a bubbly voice. "Thanks again for having us over. I think Debbie is taking it as a personal challenge to integrate you to the neighborhood as quickly as possible. She mentioned that she thinks your place will become party central this summer."

Jack rolled his eyes in mock despair. "Come on in. I'm Jack" he said as he turned to the man and offered his hand.

"Max" was the reply and the handshake was complete. Max was a portly fellow Jack decided. Probably a combination of unlucky genes and an unhealthy lifestyle. His reddish brown hair was thinning but what drew Jack's eye was the bulge of his gut that pressed against the sides of a shirt that was too large for him in the shoulder.

"Nice to meet you Max. I saw Cindy and Debbie out running while I was on my morning jog and Debbie decided to stop by an introduce us once they were done. Come on out back, I think I've got us all set up." As he ushered them in he realized that he agreed with Debbie: Max wasn't someone he wanted to spend much time with. He seemed standoffish and had an air of entitlement that rubbed Jack the wrong way.

Cindy more than made up for Max's dour personality. She gushed over the yard, the pool, the hot tub, and the bar while Max was sullenly silent. She was easy to talk to and the three of them grabbed drinks at the bar, Jack following Cindy back to the lounge chairs where the trouble had begun yesterday. He didn't notice Max staying behind at first until Cindy mentioned it.

"Aren't you coming? What are you doing?" she called to him.

"I'm going to stay here in the shade" was his monotone reply.

Cindy rolled her eyes. She ignored him and stripped off her sundress to reveal a deep blue bikini that perfectly matched her eyes. Jack commented on this and Cindy blushed, smiling coyly at him.

"Thank you for noticing. I'm glad someone is willing to pay attention to me." Her tone was thankful, remorseful, and resentful all at once. Jack was always amazed that women could pull stuff like that off.

"Well, it looks fantastic" and it really did to Jack. While not as skimpy as Debbie's white one from yesterday it was certainly revealing enough that Jack's mind wandered and wondered what Debbie had planned.

As if on cue he heard the doorbell chime. Excusing himself, he went to the door to find Debbie in the same sheer wrap from yesterday. She grinned up at him like the Cheshire cat. "Having fun yet?"

He grabbed her shoulders and pushed her to her knees. He pushed his suit down while wrapping his other hand in her hair. He fed her his soft cock, feeling it harden in her mouth under the attention of her tongue. He began to fuck her face and she gagged on his cock, spittle coating his balls. He stood her up abruptly, tucking himself away. Pulling the wrap away from her body he spanker her ass, once, hard, and made sure it was in a spot that clearly showed the imprint of his fingers.

"Your friends are waiting for you" he said, gesturing to the patio and handing her the wrap. She looked a mess. Her hair was tousled, and her lipstick smudged. Her smile, however, was radiant. She strode away, wearing a black bikini that was the twin of the white one from the day before.

He followed her, his bathing suit still tented but at least he wasn't sticking up out of the top. He watched her undulating ass roll before him and could clearly see the marks from his fingers across the bottom of her lower right cheek. Max had figured out how to work the TV over the bar and was focused on a baseball game. Jack couldn't believe how engrossed he was, as Max only turned around briefly when the women shrieked their delight at seeing one another.

"Bill got called down to Miami and will be there for a few days. I figured I'd crash the party that I wasn't invited to earlier" Debbie said to Cindy. Max's phone rang while she spoke and he answered, oblivious to the trio's conversation.

"You're welcome here anytime" Jack said. "Too bad about Bill. I was looking forward to seeing him again. He's a very accommodating guy."

Cindy was sitting back in a lounge chair and Debbie turned to face Jack as he spoke. Jack saw Cindy's eyes widen as she saw the fingerprints on her friend's ass. "Shipping out tonight, I've got to be in Tampa by 10" Max interrupted.

"Well, I guess it's nice that we get to relax this afternoon before you have to go sweety" Cindy intoned. "This set up is simply divine Jack."

"I'll get the grill going so we can eat a bit early" Jack offered.

"No, no, let's swim first" Debbie pleaded, grabbing Cindy's hand. "Come on Max, let's play chicken. Who do you want on your shoulders? You pick."

Jack saw a flash of greed in Max's eyes. "I want you" he said to Debbie and kicked his shoes off before walking to the pool. Jack realized the asshat was going to swim with his shirt on. What a piece of work.

"May I?" Jack asked, holding a hand out to Cindy. She blushed again, taking his hand and rising before they made their way to the pool's edge.

"Cannonball!" Debbie's cry caught Jack off guard and he turned just in time to see her hurtle through the air and land with an excellent splash that soaked both he and Cindy. Max was walking down the steps in the shallow end. Cindy pushed Jack while he was distracted and he tumbled into the cool water. He emerged in time to be drowned in the splash of Cindy's own cannonball and when he finally emerged again it was to the pealing laughter of both women. A quick glance at Max showed his sullen mood had returned.

"All right Max. Get over here and let's teach these two a lesson!" Debbie's war cry did little to change Max's expression, but he joined her nevertheless.

"Ready?" Jack asked Cindy, momentarily distracted by her deep cleavage.

"I think so" she said. He had been caught, red handed. Her shy smile told him that all was not lost though. Jack ducked under the water and felt her climb onto his shoulders. Her thighs were silky, womanly, and soft under his fingers. He stood and felt the thin triangle of fabric covering her sex press against his neck. His cock stiffened slightly under the water.

Max had managed to get Debbie up on his shoulders but was having trouble balancing with her weight. He moved to deeper water and then Jack charged. Cindy shrieked, grabbing his hair and face, crushing her breasts into his head. She released him as they reached the other pair and grabbed Debbie, pulling her forward. Debbie fought back, leaning backward but the sudden change of weight distribution was too much for Max and they went down.

"Again!" Debbie came up sputtering. Max looked like he didn't want to play anymore but acquiesced. They were soon back up and grappling. Max did a better job this time and as the two girls grappled Cindy inadvertently (or maybe not) pulled Debbie's bikini top, freeing those beautiful tits.
