 This story contains pervasive same-sex action, cuckolding, and rough sex. If that's not your cup of tea, please feel free to pass over it.

If these things do tickle your fancy (or something else) please feel free to leave a comment or send me a message.

9.

Debbie and Cindy had brought rotisserie chicken, kale salad, and roasted potatoes as the evening's fare. Jack and the women remained nude as they ate on the back patio, protected from prying eyes by the privacy fence. Bill and Max had opted to put their suits back on, apparently eager to recover a modicum of dignity.

The drinks flowed quickly: the couples especially seemed to be desirous of a bit of liquid courage and the alcohol did its job. As the meal progressed the women would occasionally rise to get something - a napkin, a refill - and would take the opportunity to lean over Jack, crushing their breasts against his upper arms while their hands pumped his member. They never let him get completely soft and by the end of the meal Jack was properly primed.

"OK, let's break out those bags boys. Pass them to the ladies," Jack directed once everyone had finished and had moved back inside the house to the master suite.

The husbands passed the bags to their nude spouses whose eyes lit up as they got their first glimpse of the contents. "Is this what I think it is?" asked Cindy, withdrawing a strap-on dildo.

"Yup," replied Debbie with a grin, holding one of her own. The silicon phallus on each was slightly smaller than Jack's own, maybe six inches long and not too thick. Max had opted for a black one, while Bill had chosen a purple toy.

"There should be plenty of lube in there too," Jack noted, which the women confirmed with nods of their heads.

"Great. Strap on and lube up ladies. Bill and Max, get your sissy asses over to the bed and bend over. You're about to get fucked like I've been fucking your wives." Jack's words were delivered with a smile in response to the looks of trepidation and humiliation on the other men's faces.

The ladies finished donning the toys as the men assumed their positions. The dildo's junction with the harness extended beyond the material, curving up so that the women could insert it into their vaginas for stimulation as well.

Both Cindy and Debbie smiled as they stroked lube onto their new cocks. Cindy dropped a dollop of lube onto Max's ass and began tracing the head of her hard cock around his puckered hole. "Ready to feel what it's like to get fucked in the ass, dear?" she queried rhetorically and then slowly pushed the head into her husband who groaned loudly at the intrusion.

Her motions were inexpert, but she held the silicon toy in place as she slowly rocked her way into her husband. "I've got to say, I like doing the fucking a lot more than I thought I would," she said between moans.

Jack stepped behind her, his cock nestled between her ass cheeks and he groped her breasts roughly. She turned her head to kiss him, moaning into his mouth, her tempo increasing. Max's grunts mirrored her thrusts, and she broke her kiss with Jack.

"Jerk that little pecker of yours Max. Cum for me while I fuck your ass." She gasped the words out, clearly about to achieve her own release.

Max began to moan continuously as one of his hands began to vigorously rub his crotch. Bill and Debbie were so distracted by the display that they had stopped their own preparations to watch the trio.

Cindy's hips began to jerk even more spastically as she cried out in pleasure. Max wasn't far behind and began bucking his hips against hers and Jack saw his small load seep between his fingers and drip onto the hardwood floor.

"Our turn!" exclaimed Debbie, her face alight with that all-too-frequent mischievous grin. She too dropped some lube down her husband's crack before beginning to push her new cock into him. Bill gasped with the intrusion, fingers wrapping the sheets in a white-knuckled grip.

"Take it you bitch. I've taken Jack's cock and its bigger than this thing." Her words were harsh and she kept pushing the toy into her husband, finally seating it fully before gyrating her hips against his.

"Pull on that tiny dick of yours while I fill you up with mine," she continued before slapping Bill's ass with her hand.

Bill moaned in response, and Jack moved behind Debbie, pushing his fully erect cock between her cheeks. "I'm going to fuck you while you fuck him," he growled into Debbie's ear as his fingers found her nipples and pulled them taut.

Her reply was a guttural moan, and Jack pushed her in the back so that Bill was forced to lay down on the bed. Debbie lay on top of him, her new cock still inside of her husband. Jack had lubed his aching cock while the two positioned themselves and now pressed it against Debbie's tight star.

Her cry was right in Bill's ear, and Jack watched her lips caress her husband's ear as he forced his way into the man's wife's asshole. He pushed in some more, the thick head of his cock popping through her tight ring and she bucked with the intrusion.

Her motions sent a jolt through Bill and he moaned loudly as her hips drove the silicone toy deeper into his bowels. Jack continued to push into the pretty brunette's ample ass, driving her into her husband.

For her part, Debbie was alternately whimpering and moaning into her husband's ear as Jack's thick member penetrated her. "Oh god, it's so big, he's filling me up, oh shit," she murmured and groaned between gasps of breath. She was no longer trying to thrust her hips into Bill, remaining relatively motionless as Jack pressed on relentlessly.

Jack began to saw in and out of Debbie's thick ass. His thrusts drove Debbie's toy into Bill's ass, who groaned along with his wife. "Fuck me," Debbie panted, "fuck me into my husband."

Jack was now deep-stroking the pretty wife's ass and felt his balls begin to churn and tighten. He picked up his pace, ramming Debbie hard. Bill cried out his release as the sensations of Debbie's toy against his prostate, her moans in his ear, her hard nipples digging into his back, and the friction of the silky-smooth sheets against his trapped penis overwhelmed him.

Debbie was now bucking her hips back against Jack as the curved end of the dildo massaged her g-spot. She shrieked as she pushed her body up some, the toy swinging lewdly between her legs now. Jack pounded her harder, his own release inevitable now. He roared as he came, forcefully pulling Debbie's hips against his before pushing them away and then repeating the motion, using Bill's wife to jack him off into her own ass.

He withdrew back on to unsteady legs before collapsing on the bed. "Who do you want to feed my cum to?"

Jack's question was directed at Debbie, and her green eyes sparkled as they met his gaze. "Cindy," she replied. "I want to feel Cindy's tongue."

Jack lifted his head to look across Debbie at the blonde. He cocked an eyebrow and she blushed before moving. "Bill, grab some wipes from the nightstand and clean my cock."

Bill gulped but rolled out from under his wife to comply. Debbie crawled to her hands and knees, breasts swinging enticingly as she presented her ass to Cindy who stood behind her. Cindy placed her pale hands against the tanned skin of Debbie's ass and slowly lowered her mouth, burying her face into her friend's crack.

"Mmm," Debbie sighed. "So naughty, so good."

Bill had dropped to his knees at the edge of the bed and clumsily cleaned Jack's semi-hard cock with several wet wipes. "You can stop when you think its clean enough to suck. And then you'll prove that you think so." Jack directed.

Bill cleaned a bit more thoroughly now, and Jack pulled Debbie to him by the arm. She shifted so that their lips could meet, and as Jack's hands played with her swinging tits he felt her husband's mouth envelop his shaft.

The chemical assistance Max had provided was still working, and while Jack felt himself growing in Bill's mouth he wanted to prolong the night's activities. He pushed Bill off his burgeoning rod and stood, walking behind Cindy.

Jack looked directly at Max before slapping Cindy's pale white ass twice. Cindy gasped, her hips undulating as she squeezed her thighs together.

"New game!" Jack said, clapping his hands together. The two couples looked at him expectantly. "Max and Bill, we're going to push your limits a bit more now. You're going to blow each other while I play with your wives," Jack paused to let his words sink in as the men looked at each other uneasily as the women stripped off their dildos. "You will watch as I take whatever liberties I want with your spouse as you service another cuck, sucking the dick of another man who can't sexually satisfy his wife. The only question is who goes first," Jack finished.

"Bill should have to get sucked first," Debbie responded immediately. "I want him to have to suck a cock right after he's blown his little load, when he's not thinking with his little head anymore," she finished with a giggle.

"Damn!" Cindy exclaimed, exasperated. "I was just going to say the same thing about Max. Well, Bill, get to it. Time for both of you to know what it's like to have to suck a little cock like we've had to for so long."

Bill and Max moved to the space next to the bed while Jack climbed onto the mattress between the two women. The trio on the bed shifted the pillows, propping their heads up so that they could see the men properly. The women rested their heads against Jack's shoulders, and his hands found their way to what felt like acres of tit flesh.

Max dropped to his knees in front of Bill, who was already erect. Bill's short, thin rod disappeared into Max's mouth as both men watched Jack and their wives on the bed.

Jack pushed Debbie's head down to his crotch where her warm, wet mouth closed over his reviving member. He kissed Cindy hard, moving one hand to her tits and the other between her legs, forcing her thighs apart. He was rough with her, kneading her breasts, her cries wrenched from her pretty mouth as he pinched her nipples. His hand between her legs spread her sex lewdly in front of her husband and their friend.

"Tell him," Jack murmured in Cindy's ear, "tell him how much you like this, how much you like what I'm doing to you right now."

Slurping noises came from Jack's lap as Debbie's head bobbed up and down. Max's own head bobbed in front of Bill in a similar fashion though the movements were much more circumscribed, smaller.

Max's eyes were focused on his wife just as Bill couldn't seem to wrench his own away from the sight of his wife's lips spread around Jack's thick cock.

"I love the way he touches me," Cindy panted, her words directed at Max. "How he knows what I need. How he uses me. How much bigger he is than you are Max." She squirmed against Jack's hands. "I love that he can make you suck a cock while he toys with me right in front of you."

Bill's hips began to twitch at this point and Jack saw Max's eyes bulge as Bill came suddenly in his mouth.

"Did you like another man sucking your little penis you little sissy?" Debbie called, mocking Bill from the bed. Bill flushed, his look of satisfaction replaced by one of embarrassment. "Well now it's time to return the favor."

"Just put it in your mouth and massage it with your tongue," advised Cindy as the men swapped positions. "There's no use trying to do this," she said before leaning down to take Jack's stiff rod in her mouth, bobbing her head up and down on it sloppily in fair imitation of a porno.

Max groaned longingly as he watched his wife fellate Jack. "And this is definitely out of the question," Jack added, grabbing Cindy's blonde hair to hold her head still. He began to piston his hips into her face, causing her to gag around his cock as he face-fucked her. "But I'm sure you'll figure something out," Jack finished, releasing the blonde and turning his attention to Debbie.

His hands followed the same routine that they had with Cindy, groping her breasts as she moaned into his mouth, his other hand sliding through and finally into her large nether lips.

Jack looked over at the two men. Bill had fixed his mouth to Max's crotch but wasn't bobbing his head. The only evidence of any motion was a pulsing in Bill's throat as his tongue worked to coach Max's semen from his undersized testicles. Both men watched their wives: Max's with her mouth full of Jack's cock while Jack ignored her, focusing on exploring the buxom brunette on his other side.

It wasn't long before Max moaned loudly and grabbed the back of Bill's head, apparently emptying himself into the latter's mouth. Bill had a slightly pained look on his face as he pulled away, swallowing Max's release before wiping the spittle from his lips.

Jack released Debbie and coaxed Cindy's hungry mouth from his lap. "OK, let's grab drinks and hit the hot tub. No suits boys," Jack added in case either of the two had any ideas.

The two couples followed Jack outside where everyone grabbed fresh drinks and Jack offered cigars all around. To his surprise the women availed themselves of his offer in addition to their husbands.

"After sex like that I need it!" exclaimed Cindy.

Everyone clambered into the hot tub with their drinks and then lit up, enjoying the warm water and bubbles. Debbie and Cindy sat with their respective husbands on two of the four bench seats while Jack sat alone on a third. Jack watched first Bill's, and then Max's hands dip below the water and into the laps of their wives but he didn't say anything, a plan forming in his mind.

As the drinks emptied, Jack offered to grab the pitcher of margaritas and stood, his cock hanging somewhat limply while his balls swung very low from their soak in the warm water. He felt four sets of eyes on his package as he stepped out of the tub.

He halfway turned, looking back at the couples as if a thought had just struck him. "Why don't you all christen the hot tub while I get the drinks? But no finishing boys," he said, finishing with a more serious tone.

The husbands immediately attacked their wives, kissing, mauling, forcing themselves between the women's legs. Debbie wrestled Bill onto his back and straddled him. Cindy managed the same feat after a few more moments, and the women began slowly grinding on their spouses. Neither made much noise, but the men were beginning to squirm by the time Jack returned.

"Bill told me that you met Allison today," Debbie said to Jack with a grin. "And that she's splitting up with Tony. Are you going to add her to your harem?"

"No, I'm not going to 'add her to my harem' Debbie," Jack replied with a smile of his own. "You and Cindy are." Cindy groaned at his words and began to rock faster on top of Max causing her large breasts to splash in the water.

Debbie cocked an eyebrow at him and unconsciously licked her lips. Jack watched as her large, light tan areolas crinkled at the thought and he fell his cock swell with anticipation.

"All right ladies," he began, "I want you to think about how your husband's inadequate penis feels inside of you right now. Then I want you to get up and join me out here."

The women leaned and kissed their husbands briefly before standing and stepping out to join Jack.

"Over here on this bench boys. On your knees facing your wives," directed Jack. He positioned Cindy and Debbie side-by-side, supporting themselves with their arms on the side of the tub as they faced their husbands.

Jack stepped behind Cindy, lining his hard cock up and sinking slowly into her shaved pussy, her tiny lips stretching to accommodate him. She moaned, her head falling forward as he sheathed himself fully inside of her.

Cindy raised her head to look at Max as Jack began to pump slow, deep strokes into her. "I've never cum so much or so hard as I have this week with Jack. He stretches me out so completely. He has done things to me and made me do things that I didn't think I'd ever do." Her words were punctuated with gasps of pleasure. "I can hardly feel anything when you're inside me. When he puts his cock into me the rest of the world disappears: there is only his cock."

She leaned forward and kissed Max as Jack steadily bounced his hips off of her wide, pale ass. Cindy moaned into her husband's mouth as Jack's hand found its way between her legs and began to diddle her clit. "Holy shit!" she gasped, collapsing further into Max. "Hold me Max. Hold me while he fucks me, while he uses me. Hold me while he makes me cum like you never have."

Jack saw the angst and desire etched in Max's face. The two men locked eyes as Jack continued to fuck Max's wife, one of Jack's hands between her legs, while the other one landed a cracking slap against her jiggling ass cheek. Cindy howled, cumming hard under Jack's ministrations before locking lips with Max as the waves of pleasure rolled through her.

Jack slowed and eventually withdrew from Cindy, leaving her sagging against Max. "I'll have what she's having," Debbie joked, eyeing the large piece of meat that was directed at her now.

"And you will. But I want you to clean it off first." Jack held out a hand, beckoning her closer. She sank to her knees before him and grasped his shaft, pointing it up. Her tongue bathed his balls before tracing its way up the bottom of his shaft all the way to the crown. She repeated the motion several times, licking the sides of his dick before swallowing him, attempting to pull his member completely into her mouth.

Jack twirled his fingers in her hair, enjoying the eye contact with her. "What a sight, eh Bill?" he asked rhetorically.

"I've wanted to see this for years," Bill confessed. Jack could see the smile in Debbie's eyes at his words. She let his cock fall from her mouth and stood, moving to her husband and kissing him with the same lips that had just been wrapped around another man's cock. Bill sighed, melting into her.

Debbie's ass was upturned, and her legs spread as she kissed her husband. Jack took his cue and moved between her legs, beginning to slide his now-aching cock between her large labia and into her tight channel. "Cindy," Jack called, "come over here and lick Debbie's clit. I want to play with her tits. If you ask nicely we'll cum on your face."

Cindy's face flushed but she relinquished her hold on Max, giving him a quick kiss. "I want this honey," she said softly before turning to face Jack. "Will you and Debbie please cum on my face?" she asked softly, eyes downcast.

"Happily," Jack replied with a broad grin. He had paused with the head of his dick just spreading Debbie's thick mound and she had begun to thrust back at him, trying to get his cock inside of her. With Cindy in position Jack pushed forward until his balls tapped against Cindy's chin.

"Ungh," Debbie moaned, bracing herself against her husband. "He's so much bigger than you are Bill. It's not a small difference. It's like you two aren't even playing the same game." She stopped talking to kiss her husband as Jack began to pound into her more forcefully. "I had no idea sex could be like this. That I've been missing out on this for years." She was panting now, and her sentences became more fragmented. "So good, so full. Fuck me. God! Shit!"

Her climax pushed her into her husband and she grasped him desperately. Jack's hands, which had been mauling her tits, slapped them as he felt her start to clench on his cock. The sensation put her over and Debbie positively howled, releasing a gush of ejaculate onto Cindy's upturned face.

Jack pulled out of Debbie and pulled her down next to Cindy. "Put your faces together, cheek to cheek," he said hoarsely. The women complied as their husbands watched Jack pump his thick shaft above the upturned faces and breasts of their wives.

Jack's sack tightened, and he called out, "Stick out your tongues!" right before he erupted. His first two ropes splashed across Debbie's cheek and tongue, the sticky mass quickly sliding down her throat. He then directed his pulsing member at Cindy where he dumped the rest of his load onto her already glistening face and mouth.
