 For a long time now I have been fantasising about what it would be like to have a threesome with two really well hung men. When I go to my bed at night it is the one fantasy that always gets my pussy juices flowing. Size has never really been an issue to me, but I know all my girlfriends, myself included, want to try a really big one at least once. Only I decided to take it that one step further and try two at the same time. What can I say, I'm a greedy girl!

The problem of course was how to make sure I got what I was looking for. It is easy to go around looking at a guy's package through his jeans, but until you get it in the flesh you can never be certain. Advertising through a dating agency wouldn't guarantee the size either, how many guys do you know that tell the truth about the size of their cock?

While chatting to a friend in a Yahoo chat room on the internet I came across "user rooms". I had never noticed them before so decided to take a look. What a shock! I never realised there were that many horny people out there. As I scrolled down all the different rooms I found just the thing to help me in my search for "the holy grail". The room in question was dedicated to cock judging.

Almost as soon as I entered the room I was bombarded with personal messages from guys asking me to look at their cocks on camera. Maybe it is because they were packing some serious meat that they choose to go on camera, but I was amazed at how many big cocks were out there!

I spent nearly a whole weekend in front of my computer watching dozens of men stroking their cocks on line for me. It was such a turn on I couldn't help but strip off and play with myself as I watched these fantastic specimens. This wasn't just a weekend of pleasure though, this was research. I let everyone know that I live in the Chester area and made a list of all the men I liked who lived within about fifty miles of my home. This covers a large population, reaching from North Wales, up to Liverpool, over to Manchester and almost down to Birmingham.

There were eight men who made my short-list, not one of them was less than nine inches erect. I added them all to my friends list on my messenger and every time I logged on I would take time to chat to who ever was online. I exchanged photos and generally got to know more about them, were they attached, how old they were, what their sexual preferences were.

Almost straight away I ruled three of them out, mainly because they were arrogant and quite rude. Just because a girl likes sex doesn't make her a slut, even if in my case it may be true! But unless I say it's okay while in the act of sucking cock, being taken from behind or whatever, I don't like a guy to keep calling me one. 

In the end it came down to whether or not I would have sex with them if I met them while I was out. Out of the five that were left three fit this category, and after a lot of thinking I decided it would be unfair to rule one out. So I did what every girl is entitled to do and changed my mind, I would take all three!

When I put my proposal to them they couldn't have been more eager. I had a feeling that they might have felt strange about getting naked in front of other guys, but they were well up for it. I didn't want to invite them to my home, so I made arrangements to book into a busy hotel in the city where plenty of people coming and going wouldn't raise too many questions.

I booked the room for a Saturday night, and that morning I had a long soak in the bath and made sure all my bits were neatly trimmed, paying lots of attention to my pussy. I couldn't help but have a little play but didn't let myself cum, I wanted to build up the anticipation.

I put on my sexiest lingerie, a lace white bra and matching thong through which you could see the outline of my pussy lips. Over this I wore a short white dress together with a pair of three inch heels. I wanted to give an impression of innocence, even if this was far from the truth.

I deliberately arrived at the bar fifteen minutes late. When I walked in I looked around the room and spotted two of them sat separately, with the third stood by the bar. All three recognised me from the photos I had sent them and as I walked to the guy at the bar the other two came over.

"Hi guys, sorry I'm a little late", I said.

They all responded at the same time, telling me its fine, not a problem. I made introductions and they nervously shook hands.

Dave was about six foot tall, had brown hair and a tanned, muscular body. Tom also had brown hair, he wasn't as big as Dave but was nicely toned. Andy was blond, 5'10" and slim, with a permanent smile on his face, definitely a real charmer. 

We had a drink and then moved on to another bar that specialises in Vodka. We all choose a different flavour from the drinks menu and knocked them back in one. The next round soon appeared and that too was knocked back. I could feel the effects of the drinks taking place and didn't want to get too drunk, so I said to the guys,

"Shall we carry on this party back in my hotel room?"

Thirty seconds later we were out the door and heading up the road to the hotel. I gave the guys my room number and told them to come into the hotel via the car park, that way it wouldn't look obvious that I was taking three men back to my room.

After letting them in I asked them to sit on the bed while I got them all a drink from the mini bar. I decided to have one more for a bit of Dutch courage, and put some music on the radio. As they drank I moved so I was standing directly in front of them. I began to dance slowly and turned my back to them. I sat down on Toms lap and began to rub against his crotch.

"Unzip me", I demanded. 

His hands came up and pulled the zipper all the way down. I could feel his cock stiffen against my arse through his jeans. I stood up and let my dress fall from my shoulders revealing my pure, white underwear, the string of my thong deep in between the cheeks of my bum. I turned to face them all and said,

"Strip off to your underwear".

They stood up and began to undress. I picked up my drink and slowly began to suck the cold beer from the bottle as I watched them. I felt my pussy moisten as I saw these three very fit men getting undressed and looking at the bulge in their pants I knew I wasn't going to be disappointed. Once they were down to their pants, all of them wearing boxer shorts I was pleased to see, I told them to sit back on the bed. 

This time I sat down on Dave's lap and asked him to unfasten my bra which he promptly did. I took his hands and raised them to my breasts as my bra fell to the floor. My nipples responded instantly and hardened to his touch. I let him fondle my breasts as I worked my arse over his stiff cock, then stood and moved over to Andy. Since he was the sexiest I had decided he was going to be the one to remove my thong. He was eyeing my body up and down, his gaze eventually settling on my moist pussy lips protruding through the damp fabric of my underwear.

"Take them off me", I told him.

He reached out and took hold of them, and as he peeled them down my Brazilian came into view. As he moved them down my thighs the crotch was sticking to my pussy. God I was so wet. His cock was straining against his boxers, and as I looked over at the other two I saw they were in the same state of arousal. I lifted my feet and stepped out of my thong, leaving me naked except for my heels.

"Okay guys, let me see those cocks".

As one they stood, and as they lowered their shorts I heard an intake of breath...then I realised it was me. Oh my God, they were huge. They looked bigger in reality than on my computer and I was suddenly having second thoughts, what had I let myself in for? As I stood there staring, they moved towards me. Suddenly hands were all over my body, caressing my naked flesh, squeezing my arse, rubbing my throbbing clitty and tweaking my nipples. 

I reached down and took hold of the first cock I could. It was Dave's, and at nine inches was the smallest of the three. Tom and Andy's were both the same length, about ten inches long, but Toms was a bit thicker. I began to stroke the shaft of Dave's cock, feeling it harden more to my touch. Andy fell to his knees and raised my left leg over his shoulder so he could get access to my hot pussy. I felt my other leg start to buckle as his tongue flicked over my clitty, but they held on to me as his tongue worked its magic.

Reaching out with my other hand I took hold of Toms cock. This was such an experience, a cock in each hand as I was being expertly eaten out. I was wanking them in unison as they groped my boobs, pinching and squeezing my nipples. I knew I was going to cum, I could feel that familiar sensation. What stopped me was Dave. The shock of him spurting his hot cum all over my belly threw me, and Andy took some of it on the side of his face!

"Oh fuck...I'm sorry".

Andy was soon on his feet, he looked really pissed off but the embarrassed look on Dave's face had the effect of calming him down.

"Fucking hell mate, she must give one hell of a hand job?" he laughed.

"Hannah, I'm sorry, it's just that I have been holding off wanking for the last week I couldn't help it, you are just so sexy", he apologised. 

What could I say? 

"Well I think I will take it as a complement, it's nice to know I have that effect on you! But now I have to get you hard again. Why don't you sit and watch for a while as I show these two how much I love to suck cock?"

With that I got down on my knees in front of the two biggest cocks I had ever had. I reached out and took them both in my hands and aimed them towards my open mouth. I licked my lips and took one of them into my mouth, sucking gently on the end, then swapping over to the other cock I did the same thing. I spent the next five minutes alternating between them, sucking them steadily harder and faster until I thought they too were ready to cum.

When I looked over to Dave he was sat on the bed stroking his erect cock. I got on my hands and knees and crawled over to him, the other two guys getting a good view of my arse and pussy. I put my hands on his legs and asked him to feed me his cock. He aimed it to my hungry mouth and wanked the shaft as I took as much of his big cock as I could. As I was trying to deep throat his cock, something I have never been very good at, I felt a pair of hands on my hips. I looked over my shoulder to see Tom kneeling behind me, his huge cock aiming straight for my pussy.

"Take it slow babe", I begged.

This was it, this is the moment I had been dreaming of all this time. This was when I got to take two big cocks at the same time, one in my mouth and one in my tight, wet pussy. He let go of my hips and guided the end towards my opening, first rubbing it against my pussy lips before slipping the end inside me. Fuck it felt fantastic, I could feel myself stretching to take it. The feeling was unbelievable as he pushed more of his gorgeous cock into me.

Dave took my head in his hands and pulled my mouth back onto him. So this is what it felt like to be filled with cock. I began to suck him further into my mouth as Tom slowly began to fuck me. I had almost forgotten that Andy was there till he came and sat beside me and reached out to play with my boobs.

"You look so sexy with your mouth full of cock Hannah", said Andy.

I stopped sucking Dave and took Andy's cock into my mouth, massaging his heavy balls in my hand. I then alternated my cock sucking between them as Tom started to fuck me harder, going deeper with his lovely hard cock. I had never been so full and it felt wonderful. 

"Can I fuck your arse Hannah?" Tom asked.

I took my finger and sucked it, getting it really wet, and then used it to rub against my tight hole. As he fucked me I slipped it into my arse, loosening up my bottom, and then added a second. While I finger fucked my arse I asked Tom to fetch some lubricant from the bathroom. He returned with my Vaseline which I normally use to moisturise my lips, but was now going to put to a much dirtier use!

Tom took the jar and rubbed a large amount of it in onto his cock, and I dipped my fingers into it and slipped them both back into my arse, greasing myself up.

"Are you ready babe", he asked.

"Yes".

He pushed slowly against my hole, I tried to relax but it was starting to hurt and he hadn't even got the end in me yet. I closed my eyes and breathed out slowly, and as I did I felt a burning sensation as he got the thick end of his huge cock into me. I felt my sphincter muscle give as he got the first few inches inside. I have never known something so painful cause me so much pleasure. He began to fuck me with just those three inches, but it was enough. I began to feel myself getting used to its size and once more began sucking on Dave and Andy's cocks.

"You are such a good cock sucker Hannah, said Dave, but I want to know what your pussy feels like around my cock. Think you can take all three of us at once?" 

Now I must admit, I had thought about this happening and the idea was very appealing, but I just wasn't sure if I would be able to handle all three together. What the hell, I had come this far, if I didn't give it a go I would always regret not trying.

"Let's get on the bed", I said.

Dave moved first and lay down on his back. I sat astride him and lowered my pussy onto his thick cock. He had a look of pure lust on his face as I took his full nine inches inside myself. This time Andy got behind me and after greasing up his cock pushed it gently into my arse. This was the first time in my life I had ever been double penetrated and it felt like nothing I have experienced before. The pleasure and pain is indescribable, and I knew right then nothing would ever feel this good again.

Tom moved up to the head of the bed and offered me his cock to suck. It had just been fucking my arse and had a thin coating of Vaseline on it, but I was so turned on I took it straight into my mouth. It tasted a little greasy, but after a minute of sucking and slurping hungrily on it I soon had it clean.

"Airtight", said Tom.

"Damn this is one sexy girl", replied Dave.

I had never heard the phrase airtight before, but as soon as he said it I knew exactly what he meant. I was feeling so desirable, three sexy guys all giving me such pleasure and my body was one like one large erogenous zone. With the pressure of Andy pushing down on me as he fucked my arse, my clitty was permanently rubbing against Dave's shaft, and once more I felt my orgasm approaching fast. I just relaxed and let it come, the heat building in my belly as it washed over me.

"Ohhhh fuck yessssss..." I thought to myself.

My body was shaking, my legs felt weak and I had to stop sucking to catch my breath.

"Let's swap places, suggested Dave," I want to get into that arse".

Andy pulled out and I got off Dave's cock. I told Dave to stay where he was, only this time I got on him so my back was towards him. I slowly lowered my arse onto him as he guided it into me, and I then lay back offering my pussy to Andy. He wasted no time and was soon all the way inside me, all ten inches buried deep in my now sore pussy. Tom once more gave me his cock to suck...this was heaven.

Andy was really getting into it now, thrusting into me with long, powerful strokes. Dave couldn't move but with Andy's thrusting it was making my arse go up and down on his cock, milking him. I was just concentrating on sucking Toms cock, I wanted, needed to make him cum. I was that desperate to get a mouthful I was sucking like a woman possessed. 

"I'm cumming..." said Andy.

I felt his body stiffen as he gave one last thrust and flooded my pussy. This set Tom off too and he shot a hot mouthful of cum into my throat. I swallowed as much as I could but some of it dribbled out of the corner of my mouth onto my boobs. As Andy pulled out and fell away, Dave rolled me over onto my belly and began fucking me hard in my arse. I could feel it bottoming out deep inside me and just closed my eyes and prayed he wasn't doing me serious damage inside.

"Ooohhhhhhh fuck...I'm... cumming...in...your...arse..."

His grip tightened on my hips as he rammed his cock into me, shooting his load deep into me. I just lay there as he collapsed on top of me. When he finally found the energy to climb off I rolled onto my back and looked up at the three of them. They looked like the cat that had the cream, all grinning down at me.

"Thank you guys that was amazing", I said.

"You were great, that was the best sex I have ever had", replied Dave.

"Thanks Hannah".

"Yes thanks Hannah", said Andy.

"If you guys don't mind, I need the toilet and a soak in the bath. Think you can let yourselves out?"

They looked at me in stunned silence. I don't know if they were expecting more, but I had got what I set out for and knew I couldn't take any more. My arse and pussy were throbbing, not with excitement but in pain. It was an unforgettable experience that I would never regret doing but I don't think I would put my body through it again. I walked to the bathroom, my legs unsteady beneath me, and locked the door...