 "All right sweetie," Mr. Marks said as he pulled his car into the driveway, "your mom will text you when we're done with dinner."

"All right dad."

"You're sure the Dubois won't mind if we're late picking you up?"

"No, they're really cool."

"All right, have a good time then."

As he watched her go, Mr. Marks was very much aware his wife wouldn't have approved of his daughter's attire for this evening's babysitting gig but there were some fights he refused to bother with. And frankly, inappropriate or not, his daughter looked pretty hot in those shorts... a little too hot, he realized as he rearranged himself in his pants.

Walking up to the Dubois front door, Tina tried breathing in deeply and thinking good thoughts, pure thoughts. Every time she came over to babysit, she was turned on by her bosses. They were so hot and European... they were about the same age as her Aunt Jan and Uncle William but her aunt and uncle were fat, overweight and ugly. The Dubois were gorgeous, fit and just super sexy. Mrs. Dubois had shoulder length red hair with gorgeous tits and clear grey eyes and looked like she worked out all day. Mr. Dubois was taller than her six-foot tall dad with broad shoulders, amazingly fit arms and he was bald, with hooded brown eyes that seemed to strip the clothes right off her every time he saw her.

Tina reached up to knock on the door when she felt her pussy flood with excitement. Sighing, she hooked into the gusset of her shorts and pulled them away from her body, hoping no one would realise how turned on she was until she had time to go to the bathroom. She wouldn't have a choice but to strip her pants, clean them in the bathroom sink and dry them before the Dubois were back. Finally knocking on the door, she patiently waited for the front door to open.

"Oh hi Tina," Mr. Dubois, François as he insisted she call him, "my wife did not call you?"

"No, why?"

"Anne, you forgot to call Tina!"

"Oh no," Anne said, coming down the staircase while fastening her earrings.

"What's wrong?"

"Henri was invited to a sleepover at his friend Barry's tonight. Apparently, as much as he enjoys your babysitting, popcorn and Star Wars with his friends were more tempting."

"Oh, I understand."

Tina was in a bad spot. She lived too far to walk home and most of her friends were at the final football game of the season where her recent ex-boyfriend was playing as quarterback. And her parents were meeting with her mom's boss in a bid for a much needed promotion. They couldn't afford to miss that meeting.

"What's wrong?" Anne asked, looking at the distressed look on her face.

"Well, I don't really have a ride and I didn't bring any cash with me for a cab..."

"Oh, and no one can't pick you up?"

"Not really..."

"We really should have called you," François said with a frown. "We didn't mean to put you in a bad position."

"I know... I just have to figure this out."

"Well," Anne said with a look to her husband, "did you celebrate your birthday yet? Didn't you turn 18 this week?"

"I did but I broke up with my boyfriend so those plans fell through..."

"Well, let's make that up to you. François, let's cancel those dinner reservations and celebrate with Tina tonight."

"Oh, I don't want to put you out," Tina said, "I can come up with something."

"You're not putting us out," Anne said, drawing Tina into the living room, "you've been a good friend to us ever since we first hired you to babysit for Henri. And frankly, we'd rather spend an evening with you than in a stuffy restaurant. Let us whip up something fast for you all right? Just some simple hors d'oeuvre, appetizers, you call them?"

"Only if it's not any trouble."

"It's not. Just wait for us right here."

Anne walked to the kitchen where her husband was on the phone with the restaurant and putting some champagne glasses in the cooler. Smiling at her, he reached out with his free hand and tweaked her hardened nipple.

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" he asked her in French as she took some fruit out of the fridge.

"Yes..."

"Do you think she..."

"I think so... I mean, she didn't wear a halter top for Henri's sake."

Laughing softly, Anne and François finished setting out the fruit plate with some very mild cheese and carried it back into the living room where Tina waited. After opening the champagne and filling the slightly chilled glasses, the Dubois couple toasted Tina and started snacking.

"You must have this cheese," Anne said, dipping a long, elegant finger into a wedge of soft brie and bringing it to Tina's lips.

Smiling shyly, Tina opened her mouth and allowed Anne's long digit into her mouth, sucking on the cheese and taking a delicate nip of her finger.

"Naughty girl," Anne laughed.

"Sorry..."

"Never apologize for naughtiness."

Giggling, Tina reached for her champagne and tilted the glass a little too much, some of the bubbly dripping into her revealing décolletage.

"My turn for naughty," Anne sighed, "champagne never tastes better than when it's on bare skin."

Without giving Tina a chance to protest, Anne leaned forward and started to lick the champagne, sneaking her agile tongue under the fabric of the halter top, getting close to the nipple she watched harden under her watchful eye. Leaning back, François watched as Tina's head fell back, her ponytail swinging back and forth over the swell of her back. She gasped out loud as Anne's hands started caressing her waist and her body became rigid with pleasure.

"Oh yes, this is the only way to drink champagne..."

François put his hands on Tina's shoulders and started moving them up and down along her arms and as she sent a smile his way, he pulled her between his open legs, resting her back into his chest as Anne leaned over the two of them, pinching and pulling on Tina's nipples through the fabric of her top and her bra.

"Something here smells delicious," Anne said, running the back of her hand between Tina's legs and rubbing gently. "And it feels hot."

Tina gasped and jerked her body toward Anne, rubbing her ass against François's crotch as he covered her breasts with his hands. Soon, his hands pulled away at her top and bra, throwing them across the room as he laid kisses all over her shoulders and neck. As they finally kissed, their tongues plunging in and out of each other's mouths, Anne busied herself by sliding Tina's shorts and panties off and revealing a gorgeously plump pussy, completely bare. What should have looked childish looked very adult and debauched, especially when Anne's fingers slid on the plentiful juices in the gusset of Tina's soaking panties.

"She is so wet," Anne murmured as she slid her fingers into Tina's moist cave.

"I've been wet since I left my house," Tina explained, looking at Anne as she reached behind her to stroke François's dick.

"Oh is that so?"

"Every time I come here and see you, I get wet..."

Tina's words were lost as Anne's tongue joined her fingers in her pussy. Behind her, François sat up and slid off the couch to take his clothes off. Tina watched him hungrily and reached for this hard cock the minute it was bare and gently pulled it to her mouth. Chuckling at her eagerness, he squatted to her level and started rubbing her breasts, pulling at her nipples and delighting in the beauty of her youthful body.

"Oh, she is hot!" Anne told her husband as she got up to get undressed.

"Kiss me," François said, pulling Anne to him, "I fucking love this girl!"

"Look at those young tits... I gotta have them..."

Leaning over Tina, Anna fastened her mouth over her nipples and started rubbing her body against hers. François leaned over and slid his hand over his wife back to her ass and slid between the full cheeks, one finger into her ass and the other into her sopping wet pussy. He started pumping his fingers in and out of her holes and he watched her triceps tighten as she forwarded the favor he was paying her to Tina. The young woman's body jerked once as she came, and then she trembled as pleasure raked over her. François pulled his dick out of her mouth and covered her mouth with his, drinking in the sounds of her pleasure.

"That's a good girl," he whispered into her ear, "ever been fucked baby?"

"Yeah!" Tina answered, gasping as Anne started laying soft, teasing spanks over her still pulsing pussy.

"Wanna get fucked again?"

"Oh... oh..."

"Wanna get fucked again?" François asked again, slapping his dick over Tina's pert breasts while Anne started spanking her pussy a little harder.

"Gooood yeah!" Tina screamed as her fingers dug into the leather cushions beneath her.

"That's a good girl," François said again, moving between her thighs as Anne smoothly moved over to Tina's head and crouching over her mouth.

"Lick me!" she ordered, "make me cum little girl!"

Smiling at her husband as they faced each other over Tina's body, Anne leaned over to him and kissed him, grinning as the young girl writhed beneath them and as he licked Tina's juices from all over her face.

"She tastes good," François commented as he slipped into her tight pussy.

"Oh yeah..." Anne sighed as Tina wrapped her arms around Anne's hips and she got into licking the older woman's pussy. "She's good... she's so good..."

Laughing at his wife's surprise, François slipped his fingers into her inner labia and started lightly pinching her clit.

"Oh, oh, oh... ooooooooooooh!" slumping into her husband's arms, Anne shuddered as she came from his teasing of her clit and from Tina's energetic and dynamic pussy eating.

As Anne slipped off Tina's face, François leaned forward and started licking his wife's juices off Tina's face. Then, he slipped out of the girl and turned her until she was on her knees, her back to him. François wasted no time in slipping back into Tina, leaning her over her back and holding on to her breasts, pinching her nipples. Without missing a beat, Anne slipped beneath Tina and started licking and sucking in Tina's excited clit. The teenage girl started shaking and her pussy tightened around François's dick until he started cumming inside her. He pulled out and sunk his dick into his wife's mouth and she drank in his juices desperately.

Sitting on the couch, flanked by Tina and Anne, François passed around the unfinished bottle of champagne.

"Tina, I think we're going to make this a weekly babysitting arrangement... and Henri's going to have to start making lots of friends... so he can have more sleepovers..."

"I wouldn't mind having some sleepovers too," Tina murmured as she sipped some champagne from Anne's nipples.

"I think tonight should be the first of your sleepovers," Anne agreed. "As a matter of fact, I think I should call your parents and tell them that we'll drive you home in the morning because our evening out went a little longer than expected."

"I hope they agree..."

"We're very convincing..."

The next morning, Tina leaned over the car window and gave François and Anne a final glimpse of her bra-less bosom.

"I'll call you guys later," Tina promised as Anne teased her nipples, making François drool.

"Yeah... I'm sure Barry's dad loved my idea to take the boys to the baseball game tonight," François said, "especially since I offered to pay for the tickets too. We'll pick you up after dropping Henri at their house."

"Don't bother with any underwear honey... and there's your dad."

"All right," Tina said, straightening up, "tonight."

Mr. Marks watched his daughter come up to the front door and opened the door for her.

"Welcome home baby," he greeted her with a hug.

"Hi dad. Is mom home?"

"Nope, went to a church meeting. How was babysitting?"

"It was great... really great."

"Really? Cause I saw little Henri over at the Hendersons on my way to the restaurant last night," Mr. Marks said as he slid his hand to his daughter's ass. "He had his sleeping bag and he and his little buddy were getting a tent set up for the night."

"Huh..."

"And didn't you have a bra on last night?" Mr. Marks as he pulled the halter top away from her breasts and looking down into it.

"Dad..."

"It's okay honey. Why don't we go to your bedroom so you can tell me all about it?"

Tina smiled up at her father and leaned her head against his shoulder, "My panties are all wet Daddy," she purred with a seductive smile.