 I was sorry to see Tom & Sarah put their house up for sale; Sarah was a total hottie! In the summertime, she'd always be wearing cut-off shorts and a t-shirt, usually bra-less. After talking with her, I'd always go home and masturbate, fantasizing about her amazing body. But, all good things come to an end, and I was looking forward to meeting the new neighbors.

The house sold quickly, since Tom & Sarah let it go for well below market price, and the new neighbors moved in less than a month after the house hit the market. Frank & Cindy seemed like a friendly couple; much to my disappointment, Cindy was not nearly as attractive as Sarah. "Plain" would be a charitable description. Oh well, I'll just have to give all the other neighbors a closer look to feed my fantasies!

I see Cindy a couple times a week; she's all about her garden and is always outside. Every time I see her, I wander over for a chat; we talk about her garden and what she's doing to keep the local deer population from eating all her plants. She's promised me some fresh tomatoes and peppers, and always asks if she can give me a cucumber. She seems to get a smile on her face every time she asks me about the cukes. 

After spending so much time chatting with Cindy, I started to notice her body. In comparison to Sarah, she's nothing to write home about. Cindy's shorter than Sarah, with much smaller breasts, but she seems to share Sarah's dislike of bras! I can live with this! It doesn't take long for my neighbor fantasies to begin including Cindy.

I see Frank much more infrequently; he travels a lot for work. This of course helps my fantasies about his wife. Frank is into cycling, so he's pretty in-shape for a guy in his fifties. Seems like every time I see him, he's heading out somewhere on his bike. 

During one of my conversations with Frank & Cindy, they remarked on the fact that I seem to spend a lot of time in my garage, underneath 1 of our cars. I laughed and told them that was my hobby; taking care of the vehicles. I asked them if they had ever seen the move about the guys whose wives had given them a "hall pass" from being married. When they said they had, I told them about my wife asking what I would do with a 1-week pass, and how I told her I'd spend it in the garage! As we all laughed about that, I thought I saw a quick glance and smile pass between them. 

I told them if they ever had any car troubles they should let me know, as I have a decent tool chest and know which end of a wrench is which. As we all smiled, I swear Cindy said something about "tool" under her breath, and they both looked at my crotch! Not a long, obvious stare, just a quick glance down then back up to my face; pretty much the same way I had sneaked a peek at Cindy's chest when we'd talk about her garden. 

After a few more minutes of pleasant chit-chat, Frank & Cindy went back home & I went inside to masturbate, thinking about Cindy looking at my crotch. Instead of her hard nipples being the feature of my session, I found myself imagining Cindy stepping toward me and grabbing my crotch while Frank stood there and watched! I was totally turned-on by the idea of Frank seeing Cindy and me, and I came like crazy, shooting cum all over the bathroom sink.

This became a regular fantasy for me, thinking about Frank watching us. I'm not sure when it started, but I found myself thinking of Frank wearing those skin-tight spandex bike shorts, while he watched Cindy grab my cock. I thought I had cum a lot thinking about Frank watching Cindy and me, but it was nothing compared to when I imagined seeing Frank's cock swell in those shorts!

Well, this was interesting! I was completely turned on, thinking about another man's penis! During my next masturbation session, I left Cindy out of it completely, and just thought of Frank in those skin-tight shorts. Wow. What was going on here? I've been married for over 20 years, and I'm getting turned on thinking about a guy's cock? I decided not to worry about it, since fantasies are just fantasies, and what difference could it make?

So, life went on; chat with the neighbors, masturbate thinking about them naked, same old, same old. 

Last Saturday afternoon, I was washing 1 of the cars in the driveway. I always wait until early afternoon to wash the cars, since the sun would be behind the house and not shining right on the vehicle. It was a beautiful afternoon with the temperature in the high 80s, so I was wearing shorts and sandals, having removed my shirt because of the heat. While I was drying off the car, I saw Frank & Cindy in their driveway looking at Cindy's Subaru. Finishing my task, I threw the towel over the top of my bucket and walked over to see how they were doing.

Typical for a summer afternoon, Cindy had on a pair of long baggy shorts & a loose v-neck t-shirt. Frank, as usual, was wearing his bike shorts and one of those shirts that look like they're painted on. I saw his bike leaning against the back of his truck in the garage, so I assumed he was ready to head out for a ride. As I approached, I could see the front right tire on Cindy's Subaru was completely flat. 

"Oh, that sucks", I said, as I walked into their driveway. 

Cindy & Frank both looked up and smiled. Frank replied, "No kidding. Here, look at this."

Cindy moved aside so I could see where Frank was pointing. There was a screw sticking out of the middle of the tire tread. 

"Looks like we need a new tire", Cindy said, "and these are practically brand new!"

"I have a tire repair kit at home; let me see if I can fix this. It can't get any worse, right?" I replied.

"Really?", Frank asked, "that can be repaired?"

"As long as the puncture is in the tread area, no problem. Let me go grab the repair kit & jack, I'll be right back."

Returning to my garage, I stuffed the little pouch holding the repair kit into my back pocket; the floor jack was not something I could carry without both hands. As much as this jack made short work of lifting a vehicle, it was heavy! Happily, their driveway is only 25 feet from mine, so I didn't kill myself hauling the jack over there. Squatting down, I set the jack next to the car. As I looked up, I swear they were both looking at my crotch! 

"Cindy, do you have a lug wrench in the car?" I asked. 

"Yeah, I think so", Cindy replied, as she walked behind me to the back of the car. 

As I pulled the repair kit out of my back pocket, movement to my right drew my eyes in that direction. I found myself looking directly at Frank's cock, outlined clearly in his shorts! Wondering if you wore underwear with shorts like that, and concluding that Frank, at least, did not, I turned to my left as I stood, intending to ask Cindy if she found the lug wrench. She was bent over at the waist, leaning into the hatchback of her car. Her v-neck t-shirt was loose enough to give me an excellent view of the light brown nipples on her plum-sized breasts!

"Is this it?" Cindy asked, without standing up. 

Pulling my eyes up to her face, I saw her smiling at me, holding a small lug wrench in her hand.

Focusing on the wrench rather than down her shirt, I realized I was totally busted.

"Yeah, that's it", I replied, looking away quickly. Did she know I was just looking down her shirt? She had to know! And was she smiling about it? 

Hoping to keep the slightly growing bulge in my shorts hidden by the side of the car, I took a couple steps toward her to take the wrench.

"I'll loosen up the lug nuts before I jack it up, then we'll get this wheel off and see what we can do."

Returning to the front wheel, I squatted down and loosened the lug nuts about a quarter-turn. As I set the wrench down and started to slide the floor jack under the frame, Cindy leaned down on my right with her hands on her knees, giving me another glimpse of her cute little breasts. 

"Now what?" she asked.

Pulling my eyes from her nipples, I focused on positioning the jack correctly.

"Now we jack it up & pull off the wheel", I replied, chastising myself for looking down her shirt again.

As I pumped up the jack, a million thoughts were racing through my head. Cindy definitely knew I was looking down her shirt, and she bent over like that again! Did she want me to look at her breasts? She must want me to look, why else would she do that again? What was Frank thinking? Did he see me looking? He must have, he was standing right next to me! I was getting aroused, and hoped they didn't notice; that would be embarrassing!

With the Subaru's tire off the ground, I squatted in front of the tire again to completely remove the lug nuts. I swear I could feel Frank standing just inches behind me on my right, and Cindy was still bent over at the waist, watching me! Focus, focus, focus! 

With the lug nuts sitting on the driveway, and trying to pay attention to what I was doing, I grabbed the tire and gently pulled. The wheel was being stubborn, and wasn't going to pop right off. Still squatting, I moved my feet a bit, repositioning myself to try again. 

"Do you need a hand", Frank asked, moving slightly forward behind me.

"I think I've got it", I said, as I leaned in to the tire and gave it a sharp yank. 

Naturally, the wheel popped right off, overbalancing me; the tire and I were moving backward, and just as my butt hit the ground, my shoulder landed right against Frank's crotch!

Suddenly, everything happened at once. 

"Oh! Um, sorry!" I said, trying to set the tire between my legs and turning my head toward Cindy and Frank.

Why did I turn my head that way, knowing Frank was right behind me? Not only did I know he was right behind me, I could feel his cock on the back of my shoulder! All in the space of a second, as my head was turning, I caught another glimpse of Cindy's breasts, as her mouth formed into an O, Frank started to stand up, and when my head stopped turning, his spandex-clad cock was pressed into my cheek!

Startled, I let go of the tire and it fell against my chest. This pushed my upper body further backward, sliding my cheek down along Frank's cock, until I actually fell backwards between his legs! 

Oh. My. God!

I'm lying on my back with a tire on my chest, looking up at Frank's cock, clearly outlined by the spandex, and looking slightly larger than it had not long before. Glancing toward Cindy, she's still bent at the waist, with her breasts clearly exposed to Frank and me, with the funniest expression on her face. If this is not the most ridiculous thing ever, I don't know what is!

I couldn't help it. I started to laugh! 

Frank took a step backwards, squatted down, and pushed the tire off to my left. Cindy leaned further toward me, reaching for my hands to help me up. I was laughing like an idiot. As Cindy pulled me back to a sitting position, they both started to laugh.

"Are you okay?" Cindy asked. 

At the same time, Frank said, "Oh my god, that was hysterical! Are you all right?"

Finally catching my breath, I looked down at my chest, all dirty from the tire. "Yeah, I'm good", I replied, "just a little dirty is all."

Cindy stood back up, saying, "Let me run inside and get something to clean you up."

As Cindy went inside, Frank moved around in front of me and extended his hand to pull me to my feet.

"Thanks", I said, "um, sorry for uh, falling into your um, crotch". I gestured toward Frank's crotch and my eyes followed my hand. He was definitely aroused! I could clearly see his swollen cock outlined by his spandex shorts!

"Those shorts don't exactly leave much to the imagination, do they?" I asked, still staring at his swelling penis. 

"Well, I guess it depends on your imagination, doesn't it?" Frank replied. "What exactly are you imagining?"

I jerked my eyes back up to Frank's face to see him smiling at me. 

Wait. What? 

He must have seen me looking down his wife's shirt, he totally just saw me looking at his cock, and it was just pressed up against my face not 3 minutes ago! What was going on? I was getting completely turned on; my cock was swelling in my shorts!

Turned on by another guy's cock? What about Cindy? Am I gay? Do I care? What if I ...

I looked back down at Frank's cock and said, "I'm imagining that in my mouth."

Looking back up to Frank's face, I realized what I had just said out loud as I watched his eyebrows rise. I clapped my hands over my mouth. 

"Oh my god! I'm sorry, I didn't, shit! I don't know why I said that!" I stammered. I could feel my face turning six shades of red.

"Jeremy, it's okay! It's fine!" Frank replied. As his eyes dropped to my crotch and slowly back up, he said, "Actually, I was imagining the same thing".

What the? Wait a minute! 

OK, did I just say I wanted to suck Frank's cock? Did he just look at mine? I could feel my erection pressing against my shorts. Apparently, my cock had already made up its mind, and was just waiting for my brain to catch up. Do I really want to suck his cock? Why am I so turned on by this? Maybe just a handjob. His cock did look good those shorts. Does his cum taste like mine? Am I actually considering? To hell with it!

I glanced over my shoulder as I took a step closer to Frank. Seeing no one on the street, I put my hand on his cock and said, "Why don't we go into the garage?"

Frank smiled as he turned and led the way. Once inside, Frank turned back to face me and put his hand on my cock, straining against my shorts. As I reached toward Frank's cock, I asked, "What if Cindy comes back out?"

"Mmm. Cindy will be fine, we've been waiting for this for a while", Frank said, as he gently rubbed my swollen penis. 

As I slid my palm down along his cock, I felt Frank's other hand slide around my hip and onto my butt. Suddenly, Frank pulled me forward and kissed me! I didn't know what to think. I could feel his cock pressed against mine, while his hands on my butt pulled me forward into him. His tongue was pressing against my lips as I hesitated, keeping my mouth closed.