 It was another, typical Monday morning for Linda. After what had been a fun weekend with a pleasant walk in the Cheshire countryside and some relaxing gardening it was back to the weekly reality of making a living. She'd not long been in work when her computer went dead and the water wouldn't drain from the sink in the washroom she shared between her office and the other managers. So the SOS went out to get the computer-man and a plumber.

After giving out the assignments to the staff for the day she sat back, a little at a loss without her laptop and the xxx rated surfing she enjoyed using it for. 

Dave was the first to arrive. 

"Mrs. Oyl? I believe you have a poorly computer?" Initially Linda was a little taken aback; she'd expected some geeky college nerd with thick glasses and acne to match his youth. Instead this chap was in his early 40's, sporty, well dressed and rakishly handsome. His manner, whilst not formal, was warm and friendly.

"Oh please, call me Linda." What she really wanted to say was; call me later when you've finished! 

"OK Linda, can you give me the patients symptoms?" Again his manner struck a chord with her and she proceeded to give him an account of the machines demise.

"One last thing, I will need the password." He never liked asking for that as he knew that people often used work computers for private business but it would be essential.

"I'll write it down for you." With that she copied a few characters onto a post-it note and passed it to the handsome engineer.

"SexyF0x" He allowed his eyes to glide, effortlessly over her lovely shape. Linda had good legs and knew it, almost always choosing a skirt for work and her top, whilst not at all revealing, betrayed a beautiful pair of breasts underneath. Her pretty, green eyes were as fixed on him as his were on her and she had a smile that suggested 'mischief' was her middle name.

"You didn't need to write it down; I'm sure I could have remembered that." He returned an equally cheeky smile as she turned and left the office, his eyes following her curvy bottom as it walked off.

Almost an hour had passed when she returned to find Dave, jacket off, having spread a variety of discs all over the desk and his own machine connected by some umbilical chord to hers.

"Oh dear, is it serious?" There was a mixture of sarcasm and genuine concern in her voice.

"It can be fixed, you've picked up a virus from these files." She wandered across to peer over his shoulder, partly to get a little closer to him but also in an attempt to understand what she'd done wrong in the first place.

Linda felt like she'd slammed the brakes on at 70 mph without a seatbelt. What hit her in the face seemed every bit as real and hard. 

"I think it was actually this one, but it could have been any of them." Dave highlighted one particular file and opened it. While it wasn't possible to identify the owner of the huge, thick cock in the picture, the owner of the beautifully shaven pussy and the large, full breasts was most definitely Linda!

"Oh God! Just delete them! Delete them all!!!" She was mortified and embarrassed in equal measure. He'd clearly seen the whole set taken when she had her last threesome in Scarborough a few weeks earlier. Visions of her losing her job filled her mind.

"Please, you mustn't tell anyone, really you ....." Dave held her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.

"I've no intentions of telling anybody." He pulled up a chair for her beside him and beckoned her to sit. "And, although I will have to delete these, I've made a copy on this disk for you as I've checked them and removed the virus. You should keep your memories; I would if it was me!"

He passed her the disk as he opened another picture file. This time our Linda was bent over with that huge cock in her from behind. Her breats hung making a smooth, round shape and a second man was having his hairy ball bag fondled by her.

"You're every bit as gorgeous as you are sexy. I've never had a three-way before, of any description. It looks wonderful fun". 

Linda forgot herself for a moment.

"Oh it is!" Only thinking about what she'd said, after she said it. They both giggled at the comment and the atmosphere warmed.

Her mobile rang and, for a few minutes, she was engrossed in something else.

"The plumber has arrived will you excuse me. Oh and ..." She pointed at the sickly machine.

"It's OK. If there's anyone around I'll ensure there's nothing on your screen you wouldn't want them to see. I'll save as much as I can." His words re-assured her a little as she went to sort out her next crisis.

As if to reinforce all stereotypes the plumber was an eastern European, probably Czech or Polish. Unlike his British counterparts, however, this chap was scrupulously clean, better dressed than most tradesmen ones apt to encounter, young and Linda found him rather dishy. 

"Is not a big problem, I think." His eastern accent and broken English were all the more appealing to our heroine. She left him to sort out her blockage, exiting via the side door that connected the washroom to her office.

By entering through a different door to that which she left, Linda clearly caught Dave by surprise. She couldn't be certain that he'd been rubbing his cock but his scarlet face was strong evidence for it. Now it was his turn to be embarrassed and she was going to make the most of it. 

"I, I thinnkk it's going to be O.K. I've saved most of the pictures, I mean data." 

She leant over to examine the machine, giving Dave a perfect view of her lovely breasts. The image on the screen at that moment was one of her sitting astride an older man, but still clearly in good shape. Her silky smooth pussy was impaled on a thick cock, partly squashing his balls as she leant back slightly to give her breasts an even more appealing look. Dave could have easily cleared the picture from the screen but chose to leave it open.

"Hard to tell from this angle, I'll come round and check out a few other things, just to make sure it's OK." 

Linda pulled up a chair to sit alongside Dave so she could see the screen more easily. The other thing that was easily visible was that, even though he'd managed to put his cock away, he hadn't fully zipped up his trousers and the fly was held agape by the clearly erect penis inside. She didn't make it at all obvious to him that she'd noticed but she was about to enjoy the big tease. 

As she sat down she hitched up her skirt, just enough to show off her firm, shapely thighs. She moved the laptop over and closed the explicit picture that he'd deliberately left open. She opened up a few folder and double-clicked a file.

Dave was totally engrossed by the video clip that started up. It showed the guy he'd seen in the first picture standing in front of a seated Linda as she slowly wanked his huge cock. In the movie she seemed to be captivated by the action of his foreskin alternately covering and exposing the large head of his stiff cock. Whilst Dave absorbed the skillful dexterity of the beautiful lady on the screen, that same beautiful lady sitting next to him deftly lowered his zipper the rest of the way. His concentration wasn't broken until she scraped her fingernails over the fabric of his underpants, stretched across his erect member. He took a quick look at her hand caressing his hard cock, then looked to her face. She said nothing, just passing him a warm, friendly smile; her other hand had now undone two buttons on her blouse such that Dave could see the lovely outline of a pretty, bra-clad breast.

"Is it safe in here?" Dave was concerned about the possibility of being caught, quite literally, with his trousers down. Without speaking, Linda stood up and crossed to the main door into her office and turned the key with a reassuring sound of a lock being engaged. She returned to Dave and pushed his chair back a little from the desk. She stood between him and the desk, as if to suggest that he wouldn't have any further interest in the laptop. She undid the rest of the buttons on her blouse and reached around to unclasp her lacy, black bra. Her large breasts hung free of their restraints, forming a pleasing, curvy shape against her chest, her pretty nipples inviting attention. Dave tried to look cool but was anything but: this was possibly the most exciting experience he'd ever had.

Just before she took to her knees Linda hitched her skirt right up around her waist to reveal an absence of underwear and a beautiful, silky smooth shaven pussy. She pulled on the waistband of his trousers and he lifted himself out of the chair slightly to make it easier for her to remove his clothes. Now his erect cock was in plain sight of her, she began wanking it's foreskin in exactly the same fashion as she'd done in the film. Almost immediately Dave cock started to produce drops of clear pre-cum. She looked up at him, not moving her green eyes from his for a second as she lowered her head to lick the fluid from his cock head. He completely failed to stifle a gasp the instant her tongue touched the sensitive skin of his cock. He reached down with one hand and gently supported the weight of one of her lovely tits while she ran her tongue all round the head of his defenseless cock, still slowly wanking it. 

She never stopped looking up at him as he let his head fall back and closed his eyes in extacy. Linda had now moved on to taking his head and first few inches of shaft into her mouth, all the time keeping up that slow wanking action on his foreskin. She used the fingernails on her free hand to tickle the underside of his heavy ball bag. 

"Oh God Ms. Oyl, I'm going to cum soon, I'm getting close." Ever the gentleman Dave always felt it honourable to warn a lady before filling her mouth with his spunk.

Immediately Linda took her warm mouth from round his stiff cock, stopped the wanking and ball teasing and just held the base of the shaft firmly between thumb and forefinger. 

"Oh no you don't. Not yet, I expect my men to be passionate, considerate lovers, attentive to my every need who will shoot their load inside me when I am good and ready!"

With that she stood and moved astride the chair, facing him. She was inviting him to dinner and the main course was pussy a la hairless! Not wishing to let down a lady in distress Dave did his duty and warmed to the task of delivering this lady a first class oral orgasm. As he reached to touch her beautiful slit she took his hands in her own and moved them to her voluptuous tits. She then used her own fingers to hold her pussy lips open to allow his tongue access to her moist, inner folds and her clit. He loved the taste of her juices and made a point of covering as much of her interior with his tongue as he could reach. Not surprisingly though, it was when he reached her clit she responded audibly. Her heavy breathing and sighs, as he explored her love bud, told him this was the place to linger. His co-ordination was failing a little as he tried to simultaneously stimulate both of her erect nipples and keep her pussy satisfied. 

Not that this appeared to bother the pretty manageress; she helped him out by inserting a couple of her own fingers into her pussy, carefully keeping them out of the way of his clitoris-teasing tongue. Her eyes were certainly closed now as wave upon wave of pleasure washed over her; all this stimulation had brought her to an orgasm and she never wanted it to end. She was dripping and the sweet, vaginal fluid was all over Daves mouth and chin; but only a direct order would make him stop. That is exactly what came next.

"Stop, stop. Take me now, from behind."

She stood up and turned her back to him, parting her legs and laying her tosro, face down on the desk. Gripping his hard cock by its base Dave rubbed the head up and down the crack between her cheeks a couple of times, teasing her anal opening before finally easing its length into her pussy from behind. Lindas tight vaginal muscles held his foreskin, rolling it back along his length as he entered her. This exposed his sensitive cock head to the warm confines of her inner folds. Each time he withdrew it was be pulled forwards over the head in a perfect wanking motion. With each thrust forwards his dangling balls would slap her smooth pussy providing the sounds to go with the scent of their heavy sex.

Dave kept his eyes closed to heighten the sensations he could feel; those same sensations which were distracting Linda, so much so she didn't notice the plumber standing at the side door to her office with his huge cock hanging out of his trousers, slowly rubbing it right in front of her. Dave was the first to notice the intruder.

"Jesus Christ, who the fuck are you?" This caused a temporary cessation to his thrusting movements, met with stern disapproval from Linda.

"Don't you fuckin' dare stop now!" She seemed unnaturally ambivalent to the strangers presence and even looked up at him. Dave resumed pushing his cock hard into her. Linda propped herself up slightly so that she could start to maul Dave's balls with her left hand. She was highly adept at giving that bag just the right degree of rough treatment to extract the maximum spunk from it. This position also meant she was at just the right height to receive the plumbers cock in her eager mouth. He stepped out of his trousers completely and walked over to her. His cock was long, thick and heavy. It never seemed to get hard, just hung heavily over his equally large ball bag. Linda could just about hold it with her right hand but set to work on its head with her tongue.

Dave was very close to his climax and, despite all her other distractions, Linda could sense this. She gave his balls a firm squeeze and pulled his cock deep into her by them. This took him beyond the point of no return and he began to shoot wad after thick wad of his pearly spunk into her. Even after the last drops had gone from his balls she wasn't going to let go, for a moment they became her balls and only she would let him know when she'd finished with them.

All this had lead Linda to neglect the huge cock in her hand and it was softening. She returned to focus on the heavy flesh in front of her only to be distracted again by a heavenly sensation. Dave had pulled his dripping cock from her but was licking the divine mixture of his spunk and her pussy juice from inside of her. His tongue probed all of her depths for the nectar and frequently found her still sensitive clit, not by accident!

Linda had lost all focus now until he finished, leaving her pussy beautifully clean. He walked round to join her and kissed her deeply to allow her to taste the fruits of their union. Linda forced her tongue deep into his mouth seeking out any taste she could. Still teasing each others tongues Linda re-introduced the strangers cock into the equation. There was plenty of his cock head for them both to lick as they tongued it and each other. The size and stiffness was returning to it as he was totally relaxed about having both a man and a woman suck him off. This turned Linda on enormously, she loved to have two men in a threeway and watch them play with each other for her amusement; she felt confident this would come later. 

She moved her face down a little lower to suck in one of his heavy balls from their saggy bag. Pointing his big cock towards Dave she made it perfectly clear what she wanted him to do and he obliged, using his lips to push the foreskin back from it's swollen head. As he took all of that cock head into his mouth Linda rolled his ball around in hers and used her hand to wank it's thick shaft. Dave really enjoyed having Linda wank this guys heavy cock into his mouth but felt more than a little jealous of his huge endowment. Not having had anything like enough Linda proceeded to give his other ball some of her specialist oral abuse. Dave began to flick his tongue over the head, digging into its eye with the tip of hiss tongue. 

The foreigners saggy ball sac began to tighten and his cock twitched. Dave knew it was time to get his mouth round the head and Linda started wanking the thick shaft with one hand whilst kneading his balls with the other. He caught the first two, thick jets of spunk, warm straight from the cock in his mouth when Linda pushed his head off it.

"Greedy bastard!" The rebuke was only partly in jest; she wanted some and, afterall, he'd drunk almost all of his own from her pussy. The next few shots went all over his face and she giggled. Quickly she made sure she got all the rest, making very satisfied 'mmmmmm' noises and she drank it down. Never a girl to condone waste she licked as much as she could from Daves face before rolling over onto her back and shuffling along the desktop. She lay there and parted her legs, expectantly, providing a clear view of her beautifully shaven pussy.

Big as it was, the plumber's cock was completely soft and he gave Dave a shrug of his shoulders. This woman wanted more and he would simply have to take the job on. Dave had never understood why he so enjoyed sucking cock with another girl nor why it should turn him on, but it did and his cock was fully hard again; indeed it had been for some time. He moved over to Lindas unguarded pussy and, grabbing her perfect, smooth thighs, pulled her entrance onto his throbbing cock. Slowly but firmly he pushed it all the way in accompanied by soft moans from his temporary employer. 

The plumber also moved down the desk to watch her getting fucked close up. He used one of his big, workmans hand to massage Lindas left breast with exquisite gentleness, paying great attention to the nipple with his thumb and forefinger. Lindas moans became more frequent, she was loving all this attention from the two men. She closed her eyes to heighten the sensation when the stranger lowered his head and tongued her clit while Dave was still, slowly fucking her. 

He wasn't sure at first but, after a couple more withdrawls and insertions of his cock, the European was also licking Lindas juices from his shaft. Linda also picked up on this bisexual activity and propped herself up on her elbows to watch him licking her and her lover at the same time. It was a big turn on for her to watch men playing with each other while they played with her too. Most men would try most things in her presence; and she loved it! Dave wanted to see just how far this guy would go. On his next thrust he pulled right out and pushed his cock shaft along the outer groove of her slit. The plumber took the cock into his mouth and licked all of it with his tongue, wanking the foreskin a couple of times. Dave wondered whether he really liked cock sucking or if he was just addicted to Lindas pussy juice. Either way it did feel good. With a firm grip he took the cock from his mouth and fed it back into Lindas soaking pussy. 

The young guy turned his oral attentions to one of her heavy tits, gently biting at the nipple. He kept one hand rubbing her clit, gradually speeding up as he heard her breathing get deeper. Dave too started pounding that soaking hole much faster and deeper; he knew he was close to cumming again. Linda grabbed the plumber and kissed him hard on the mouth, mainly to stifle the sounds of her own orgasm. Dave put two fingers inside her alongside his cock and rubbed her clit against them with his thumb. Linda grabbed the big mans cock and squeezed its softness. After just a few strokes more Dave pulled his rigid shaft from her and, without anyone touching it at all, rubbed it along the length of Lindas wet gash. That friction alone was enough to make him spunk for the second time that morning. 

The first two or three jets of thick, white cock juice went all over her huge tits with the rest landing on her stomach and pussy. Linda fell back on the desk almost exhausted. The tradesman wiped up some of the sperm with a finger and presented it to Linda who, never approving of waste, sucked it from the digit with a heavy emphasis on the sucking action. She wiped some from her tummy and he sucked it from her with equal drama. 
