 [Author's note: Thanks go to Mumbo700 for helping to shape this story. Her work can be found here on Literotica as well.]

***

You may have read the first story in this series - my wife's account of the things that came to a head (pun intended) in our bedroom, with her friend Jayne and a couple of strap-ons. I'm not denying any of it, nor am I going to try to reframe any of it. I'm hoping to add to it, and hopefully provoke wet panties and erect cocks from who ever reads our stories. 

In case you haven't read that one (and even if you have) let me re-introduce you to us. My name's Nick; I don't think Lisa (my wife) bothered to describe me beyond her raves about my very fat cock, so I'll take a minute or two. Since you are now wondering, yes, I have a very fat cock. Not extraordinarily long (only eight inches) but I'm fatter than a Pringles can. There are fatter cocks - you can see them online in porn. But strangely, I sometimes find myself a little jealous of guys who aren't as girthy. Women, when they're being frank about their preferences, say they prefer girth. You would think I have it made, right? BEEEP - that's the buzzer for the incorrect answer. For most of my adult life, it was a rare woman who was even willing to try to let me fuck her. In written porn, it's a blessing. In reality, however, here's what one woman eventually told me in an e-mail after she left:

"While there's some porn mythology that women automatically like extremely fat cocks, I have to tell you that the thought does not automatically bring moisture to my parts. Unfortunately, seeing how big you were did not tempt me onto my back to spread-eagle my legs and raise my hips in readiness. No, no, no. It had me clamping, locking at the knee, and ultimately looking for the door and escaping. That was rude, I know. I was sorry to do that to you, and this email is my being honest with you. My integrity demands that I do that."

There were exceptions, of course. Many had to do with the ingestion of excessive amounts of alcohol or other drugs - to the point where the woman I wanted to be with was submerged in a stupor. I fucked one or two like that, but it wasn't at all satisfying. I know it's hard to explain because most guys are so starved for sex that they think that any pussy is good pussy - but that wasn't the case with me. What I wanted was a partner - not a pillow! I wanted to communicate with a woman; I wanted to make love and not just fuck. In other words, I had too much of a good thing and had even begun to consider looking for a way to reduce; much like a good friend of my wife who had ginormous tits and who, after getting them reduced, was incredibly happy and joyous.  

Well, Lisa (my wife) appeared on the scene and saved my life. Or, at least, preserved my cock in its present state. I'll never forget the first time she saw my cock erect. She was shocked and fascinated at the same time. Now, she'd made no bones about her enjoyment of the physical side of life - one of the reasons I first asked her out was that she had a reputation of sorts. I mean, I had seen her with a lot of different guys before I got up the nerve to talk to her. Now, since I'm married to her, and we've talked, I can say some things about her that I would hesitate to say about other women - especially if I respected them or had them as friends. But Lisa is a sexy, slutty gal who knows what she wants and has very few compunctions about getting it. She's a bit of an exhibitionist - going bra-less with a pair of 38DD boobs gets instant attention - especially under tight shirts. As does going commando. I saw more of her pussy before I asked her out than I had seen of almost all the women I had dated! 

On our third date, after we'd been out to dinner, gone to a musical, and then gone out dancing, as we danced slow and close and I got hard, she felt it and her eyes went wide. She pulled back from having her head on my shoulder and pressed her lower body into mine, looking me in the eyes. 

"What the fuck do you have in your pocket, Nick? If what I'm feeling is real, then pay the check and let's get out of here because I think you may have the answer to my prayers in your pants!" We held each other's eyes, and she ground her pussy against my cock.

"Let's go find out if it's what you want. I don't want to disappoint you." I said. 

"Somehow, I doubt that's gonna be the case." With that she took me by the hand, dashed by our table and tossed down the remains of her drink. 

"Leave cash and let's go." She commanded. I did as she said.

When we got to my pickup, I unlocked the passenger door and opened it for her when she dropped to her knees, in the parking lot, and ran her hands up the outside of my pants.

"Holy shit! There is no way I'm gonna be disappointed!" She said.

"Don't be so sure." I replied. "Just get in and let's go back to your place, okay?"

She got up from her knees with a real puzzled look on her face, and got in the truck. I moved around to my side and got in. 

"Nick, just a minute here. I'm telling you I like cock. Especially big ones, and yours sure seems to fill that bill. Why would you think I could be disappointed?"

I hesitated. "This is going to sound weird, Lisa, and I'm not bragging or anything, but too many women have told me I'm too big around once they see it, and that's been the end of any sort of relationship. I'm a little gun-shy, I guess."

"Holy shit! That explains it. You truly are one of a kind - a big cock attached to a sensitive man! I didn't think such a thing existed!" We both laughed. 

"So now what?" I asked. 

"Now we go to my place and we see what develops after I see your big, scary cock!" 

She laughed again. "And I promise you this - I won't let it scare me off. Maybe I should find out a little more while we're on the way..." She began to reach for my zipper and I stopped her (I still can't believe I did that, by the way).

"I'd rather not do the "hurry up in the truck" thing. Let's just talk a bit on the way, okay?" To this day, Lisa and I break up when we recall the whole night. We've told it to more than a few people (since we have a rather active, social sex life) and I have yet to find a guy who doesn't consider me to be a jerk for stopping her - nor have I found a woman who doesn't agree with Lisa that it made me a real treasure. Men are from Mars...

On the drive back to her place, she asked me about my cock. Amazing, right? Never happened to me before! I told her the dimensions of it. (Of course, I measured it. Pretty much every guy gives in and does that.) I told her that I was circumcised and kept my pubic hair trimmed. I was concentrating hard on staying under the limit and keeping my eyes on the road until I heard her moan. I glanced at her and almost drove off the road!

Lisa had her left hand under her shirt and was squeezing her big right tit, and her other hand under her skirt where she was obviously playing with her pussy! She noticed the sudden change in my driving, and looked at me under lidded eyes.

"I'm so incredibly horny, thinking about both your cock and the man it's attached to that I can't restrain myself. Nick, you are so NOT the kind of arrogant dude with a big cock that I've dated that I just want us to pull over and fuck right now! And the strange thing is, if we did that, I'd probably write you off, so keep driving! But I'm sure as hell going to give in and get myself off to prepare myself. If that's okay with you." She had a twinkle in her eye as she said it, all the while continuing the movements of her hands. 

"This may be the strangest date ever, but go ahead! Get yourself off! If you can talk to me while you do it, I can drive safely. And you have to promise me a repeat performance when I can actually watch, okay?"

"Sure. I love to play with myself. I love to show off, so you can bet on seeing more when you can look. For now, you drive and I'll do my best. Pretend it's phone sex, except you have to keep both of your hands on the wheel."

"Not how I usually engage in phone sex, but I can do it." I kept us in the right lane and drove steadily, just at the limit. Didn't want to take chances, you know?

"I can't imagine what your cock looks like. I CAN imagine getting my hands on it, though. Feeling that log between your legs. As fat as a beer can? Oh my god! I love fat cocks, how they stretch me and fill me and find places in my cunt that no one else has ever found. It sounds like yours is way bigger than anyone I've been with and I can't wait to stuff it into me. I want to impale myself on your fat cock. I want you to fuck me silly with your fat cock. I want every inch of it in me, I, ah, ah, ooooohhhh..."

In the corner of my eye I saw her body twitching and jerking. She had cum as she described it. I hoped I could live up to her imagination!

I pulled into her apartment building, and parked in a visitor's space near the edge of the lot. I didn't want her neighbors gawking at her as she got off. And she surprised me again.

"Why'd you park so far back? There's a visitor space much closer." 

"I didn't want your neighbors to see you as you played with yourself."

"Oh, fuck, you are truly amazing! Nick, my neighbors have seen me bring a pretty constant stream of different men home for months. I make no bones about it. Hell, Mrs. Constantine, upstairs from me, is a widow and she's told me she gets off on what she hears in my apartment! My next-door neighbor, Ted, is a shemale who performs 5 nights a week and our conversations are about as raunchy as can be. As for the rest of the neighbors - I don't report them for things they do, and they don't have a thing to say about me. I appreciate your attempt to preserve my reputation - but I blew that out of the water months ago. Capish?"

"I think so. But tell me - have you ever played with yourself in the parking lot before?"

"No, but I've sucked more than a few cocks out here. Look, Nick, I like sex! If I was a guy, no one would have anything to say, but because I'm a woman, somehow there's a difference? Really? Not in my world! Now, can we get out of the truck and go in and fuck?"

"Nice rhyme, but wait while I park closer." I moved the truck as she burst out laughing!

"Then we have to do something special." She said as she pulled off her t-shirt, revealing a beautiful pair of tits with thick, elongated nipples. "Come on!" 

With that she got out of the car and walked to her door, topless. I managed to follow, but had to struggle walking because my cock was so hard. She opened the door and pushed me in, closing it behind her. 

"Okay, mister, let me see the big monster cock that scares off the wimpy women!" She unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my pants, unzipped them and pulled down both my pants and my underwear, revealing a very erect cock.

"Holy fucking god!" She said as she dropped to her knees. "It's even fatter than I imagined!" She touched it, tentatively at first, and began to stroke it as she kept examining it.

"It's amazing, Nick. I'm already feeling it! It's almost a dangerous weapon - like it wants to destroy my pussy - and I want it to succeed! Get the rest of your clothes off, mister! We are going to worship the gods of sex tonight until we can't move!" With that she stood up, dropped her skirt and stood there in her thigh-high stockings and heels. She was a sight to see.

First off, her boobs were big, natural, womanly boobs. The areolae were dark and pronounced and her nipples were at least an inch long and fatter than pencil erasers. They looked amazingly delicious. Then there was the coloring of her skin - there weren't any tan lines - at least visible on the front - so she was a golden tan all over. 

And that included her naked pussy mound. I could see the lips between her legs, and they glistened with her moisture. My cock twitched when I saw that. Her eyes widened.

She moved forward and grabbed my dick with both hands. I moaned as I reacted to the warmth of her hands, and then their motion. Meanwhile, I was struggling to get naked. My pants and underwear were bunched at my ankles, and if I didn't get my shoes off, I was going to trip and fall. What the hell - I just kicked them off, tied, and my pants came off. I had on a button-down shirt and practically ripped buttons off it as I got out of it. 

Finally, I was almost as naked as she was and she was leading my down the hallway. 

We reached her bedroom and she pointed me to the bed and said "sit." I obeyed and watched her move around the room, lighting candles, putting on music, and going through some boxes, searching. 

"Here it is!" She said, holding up a measuring tape. 

"For me?" I asked.

"No, silly, for me to prove these are 38 inches of fun" as she wrapped the tape around her chest. "Of course, it's for you! We may need to call in to the Guinness Book of 

Records!" She said as she dropped to her knees between my legs. 

"Stand up, Nick!" I rose, and she had to back up to keep from getting hit in the face with my cock. First, she measured from my pubes to the end of my dick. 

"See, like I said, 8 inches. Not something for the record books, really."

"Shut up, Nick. I told you, it's the girth of it that is so amazing."

She held the tape off my cock, but ran it from one hand to the other. 

"Fuck! Four inches wide! That's diameter, right?" 

"That's what I remember from math classes." Then she wrapped the tape around my cock. 

"Oh. My. Fucking. God! It's ten inches around! That's like the size of a baby's head! Or close to it, right? Fucking you is going to be like shoving a baby UP my twat! Without the contractions, of course."

"I never thought of it that way."

"I never did either until just now. It's like the size of some of those extreme dildo videos that you see on the websites. You have seen them, right?"

"Yeah, I have, but you're the first woman I know who has ever talked about them. Do you watch Internet porn?"

"Nick, if I don't have someone between my legs at night, then porn and my toys are the next best thing. Of course, even my biggest doesn't compare - let me show you." 

With that she turned to her night stand, opening the drawer to reveal a whole lot of phallic items. She had a selection you could only find in an Adult Store and wouldn't expect to find anywhere else, actually!

"That gives me an idea. I'm going to need some help getting your cock in me. But I promise you, I will. Why don't you fuck me with Big Al?" 

Big Al turned out to be a rather interesting item. The head of it was shaped like a fist; the entire thing was a shiny black plastic, and I would guess it was about three quarter of my size. I recall seeing at least one video somewhere with one of those, but had never considered that a normal woman (that is, one who wasn't a porn pro) would have one. 

My cock grew harder, if it was possible. When it twitched, Lisa noticed.

"I can see the idea meets with some approval." She lay on the bed, propped on her pillows, and spread her legs wide. "Fuck me already!"

Are you thinking I immediately shoved that dildo up her twat? Silly reader! She was much too luscious, too sexy, and too unique to turn into an object. I turned and began to kiss her forehead. Then her cheeks. Then the bridge of her nose and finally I moved to her lips. I started lightly, just adjusting to the sensations, and then began to probe her mouth with my tongue. We stayed like that for a while, and since I had hands, they found her boobs. 

I was going to bring everything I knew to this, so instead of the "grab 'em and squeeze 'em" move, I decided to gently stroke them. If she wanted things hard and rough, I figured, let's do it differently. I took two fingers on each hand and explored the upper boob on each side. From her neck down and around the top surface. I added another finger on each hand and traced the outside of them, lifting them to get beneath their weight. I kept stroking them, moving slowly towards the nipples but taking my time. Then she bit my tongue!

"What? That hurt!"

"They call a woman who gets men aroused but doesn't put out a cock-tease. You're about to earn the title cunt-tease!"

"Am I doing something wrong? Should I stop? Should I leave?" I said with a grin, knowing full well that the answer was negative.

"Of course not! But I'm used to more force. Rougher treatment. I'm almost ready to cum and you haven't even touched my nipples! I am about to claim you! I may chain you to my bed to keep you here."

"I gather you are enjoying this."

"Fuck yes! I'm going out of my mind! Not only do you have this monster cock, but you have found more places on my body that turn me on than any other man I've been with. I think I'm in heaven!"

"Well," I said, "let's pause for a moment so I can get something in the clothes that are somewhere near the entrance to your apartment. Something that will make things even more magical." I stood up and began to leave her room. "Don't go anywhere!"

She put her hands under her legs, lifted them and spread them even wider. "Hurry back before I start fucking myself!"

I found my jacket and grabbed the joints and lighter I had in it. When I got back to her bedroom, she was on the phone!

"Jayne, you won't believe the size of his cock! And he's finding places on my body no one ever looked for before. He's back - I'll call you tomorrow. Hope I can walk!"

"Who was that?" I asked.

"My friend Jayne Manour. The owner of Jayne's Dreams, the women's erotic boutique in town. We've been close for a long time, and she called, and I just had to tell her what was going on."

"Great. I don't know whether I should be happy about being known as a big cock, or upset that you shared about it." I was genuinely wondering about it.

"For crying out loud, Nick. She owns a porn store for women. I didn't mean to offend you, but so far, this has been the wildest night I've ever had, sexually, and we've barely touched one another. Wouldn't you want your buds to know about it, presuming it's as good for you as it is for me?"

"First, I don't have a lot of friends to tell about it, and second, I was raised that what happens in the bedroom stays there. Just so you know, I don't talk about the women I fuck - I respect them more than that."

"Nick, just so YOU know, if you want to talk about our sex life - presuming we get to having one, of course - then I'm fine with it. I have no problem if people know I fuck, suck, do anal - any of that. It doesn't mean I'm going to do it with anyone who knows, but I will talk about it. I'm an oversexed slut and you can tell people that. I don't consider it derogatory at all."

I was stunned, to say the least. "And you think you want to keep me? Damn, Lisa, I have never met a woman with an attitude like yours. Let alone your looks, your body and your spirit."

We just looked at one another. Then she pointed to her pussy.

"It needs attention, mister!"

Taking out one of the joints, I passed it to her and got out the lighter. "I'm assuming you partake?"

"Hell yes!" With that the next few moments consisted of passing it back and forth. When it was almost done, she put it out and beckoned me forward.

"Where were we?" 

And once again I resumed kissing her. I nuzzled her ears, one at a time. Then her neck and her chin, before finally locking lips. That's when she made her move and shoved her tongue into my mouth. We were soon having tongue fights - at least until my hands once again moved to here breasts. 

This time, I applied more pressure but still kept away from her nipples. I felt her feeling the sensations in a new way - probably due to the weed - and so I took a nipple in each hand and began to tease them. I stroked them gently. I ran my fingers around them. I squeezed them gently. I twisted them. Each thing I did got a response from her. Then I broke our lip lock and began to kiss my way down her neck, across her chest, to the top of her breasts, still playing with her nipples with my hands. I pulled her boobs apart and kissed the valley between them, and then took my time tasting the flesh of them as they expanded from her chest. Soon my mouth was zeroing in on the nipple of one boob, and as it fastened to her hard bud of sensitive flesh, I let the hand that had been there move down her side, and then across her stomach. I felt her hips move as I did so, and then took my hand and ran it down the outside of her leg before moving to the inside and up her thigh. 
