 Stephanie slowly walked toward the bed that Beth and myself were sharing that afternoon. I was, for lack of better words, flabbergasted. I could not believe that Steph had walked in on the two of us while Beth was madly fucking my cock with her ass. It made no difference that yesterday was a day of incredible passion between Stephanie and me. I guess that my experiences in life just were not worldly enough. And I was not sure if I could deal with this new wrinkle. I had convinced myself that Beth and Stephanie could possibly be an alternating team of pleasure. But, at no time did I ever think a threesome could develop. Besides, being molested by two gorgeous and sexy women in the last twenty-four hours had left me on the verge of exhaustion. 

As Stephanie reached the side of the bed Beth moved to the edge and stood to meet her. Stephanie was almost trance-like in appearance. Beth enveloped the tiny figure before her like she was a lost soul. Stephanie, so short, so petite, looked up into Beth’s eyes and said so softly, “ Please make me come”. I could see the apprehension on Beth’s face. Even though they were not true mother and daughter this was a pivotal point in their relationship. Beth had not taken her eyes from Stephanie since she first spoke to us from the doorway. With an almost imperceptible sigh she lowered her mouth to Steph’s and kissed her softly on the lips. I had inched myself to the headboard of the bed and was watching with unbelievable fascination. It seemed that Stephanie was waiting for Beth to act first, lustfully hoping, inflamed and eager. When the kiss broke, Beth gingerly started to remove Stephanie’s shorts and top. I knew that they had sunbathed topless and nude in the past. They were not ashamed of their bodies or sexuality. But this was uncharted ground.

Stephanie’s breaths were almost non-existent as she raised her arms for her top to slide over her head. Beth’s fingers grazed Stephanie’s tiny frame as they slid down her sides to her hips. The nipples of both women were erect as statues. Beth bent at the knees and pulled Stephanie’s shorts down her legs to the floor. I wasn’t sure if she would have the energy to pull her feet from the material bunched at her feet. Once both were naked, Beth turned Stephanie toward the bed and gently guided her onto the sheets. Beth climbed onto the bed and sat cross-legged next to Stephanie. Beth took her hands and deliberately stroked Stephanie from her thighs to her face. Beth took great pains to avoid any of the primary erogenous areas on the body before her. I really think that she was getting her mind acquainted to touching Stephanie in a sexual manner. And the thought passed through my brain that Stephanie was well aware of the need for deliberate yet wanted attention. No words were spoken as Beth’s hands began to explore the different textures of Stephanie’s skin. No touched part was left too quickly. The need for familiarity was now becoming a desire for exploration. I was amazed that Stephanie could lie there and not return the favor. Beth’s fingers tracked ever-narrowing circles around those perfectly small breasts that I had the pleasure of tasting and touching yesterday. The fingernails traced the outer edge of the aureoles while lightly flicking over the hard tip of each nipple.  Stephanie’s shallow breaths were becoming deeper. Her chest was rising at a faster rate. She seemed to be raising her body to press harder into Beth’s fingertips. 

As Beth’s left hand caressed each breast, the right wandered over the stomach, down the abdomen, onto the closest thigh. She moved her hand almost to the knee, then back up the leg, across the pubis, and down the other leg. Each trip was accompanied with a slight increase in pressure. Stephanie was shifting her legs with each movement. I could see the cleft begin to appear as the thighs opened to accept Beth’s probing hand. Stephanie’s labia were swollen and inflamed. The skin looked raw. Beth ran her index finger along the crease between leg and lips. Stephanie’s entire body trembled at the contact. Still, the movements were slow and deliberate. Why rush? It seemed like hours since the first touch but only minutes had elapsed. Time seemed to stop. I wasn’t sure if speed or patience was best, but I was quite content to slowly stroke my erection while Beth attended to Stephanie. 

The moisture was seeping from Stephanie. Her pussy was coated with a glossy glaze of natural lube. Beth must have sensed that the time to increase the pace was now at hand. The first pass into the chasm pushed the lips apart and exposed Stephanie’s clit. The shaft of Steph’s clit pulsed with every pass. Beth took one long dip into the opening and used the copious fluid to grease her fingers. The tip of Beth’s middle finger pushed onto Stephanie’s clit. She rotated it with deliberate aggression. Stephanie’s breathing was now ragged. Her eyes were staring to the ceiling. Her fingers were clutching at the sheets. With a gasp, Stephanie’s body rose from the bed and she raced into orgasm. Beth slowed her ministrations on Stephanie’s pussy as the orgasm waned and Steph’s breathing calmed. Beth removed her finger from the center of Stephanie’s heat and placed them into her mouth. She licked the juice from her fingers like a child with a Popsicle. The transition on Beth’s face was amazing. I had witnessed her arousal several times that afternoon. As Beth’s left hand continued its pressure on Stephanie’s breasts, the right hand dropped into her lap. Beth took two fingers and quickly pushed them into her pussy. I could hear the liquid sounds as her fingers buried to the knuckle. She didn’t even try to take them out. It looked like Beth was trying to push her entire hand inside. Within seconds Beth came. She sounded like her entire soul was being expelled from her body. 

I felt as if my mind had been transported into the middle of a sea of eroticism. I had always thought that fantasy surpassed reality. How could it be that something so erotic and unexpected could be happening before my eyes? My fantasies had a rich existence in my mind. Now they had achieved a status of flesh and blood. Beth and Stephanie had melded into a side-by-side embrace on their side of the bed. I watched with total fascination as they emerged from their sexual trance. With every passing moment the expressions on their faces became more animated, more relaxed. Smiles gave way to giggles. They looked like two playful kittens that had stolen the bowl of cream without anyone being aware. I wanted to read their minds. But I knew that they would both share the feelings and thoughts in time. They were whispering into each other’s ears, nuzzling as they spoke, caressing softly, knowing that a line had been erased, and would probably never be re-drawn. Beth finally turned away from her gaze into Stephanie’s inner being and told me, “I think it is time for another cleaning”. 

They rose from the bed and headed to the bathroom. I watched the two most perfect asses in existence strut across the room. As they reached the door, Stephanie looked over her shoulder and said, “Are you going to lay there all afternoon or come join us”? Both of their personalities were back. The mystical moments of recent history were over. I wasn’t sure if this would ever happen again. I didn’t even care that I was only a spectator for their initiation into each other. Somehow I was sure that there would be future trysts between them. Hopefully they would be gracious enough to include me. I was minimally aware that the water was filling the Jacuzzi. “Good”, I thought. At least this would be a relaxing bath. My dream-like state was broken by Beth’s voice echoing off the tiles, 
“Hey Greg, will you get a bottle of wine before joining us”? Stephanie added to bring the grapes that were on the counter yesterday. Somehow my role as manservant to these two beauties was a worthwhile occupation. 

As I entered the bathroom, wine bottle, glasses, and grapes, in hand, a fragrant steam met me. One of them had found the scented bubble bath tucked away under the counter. Yes, I do like to soak away the tension from time to time and aromatherapy was good for the body and soul. They were leaning against one side of the bath, bubbles to their chests, with the slightest hint of pink nipples blending into the froth. In unison they both said, “Its about time. What took so long”? I couldn’t help but smile. A neighborly visit in my den could not have been more normal sounding, but this was anything but normality. I poured the glasses with wine and served each a glass. The grapes were placed in a bowl within reach of both women. While they sipped, I slowly lowered my body into the hot water. My skin was stinging as the water rose slowly up my body. The heat was wicking away the absurdity of this situation. I was beginning to convince myself that this was an acceptable way of life. 

After several minutes of sipping wine, Stephanie told us that she had something to say. She apologized for breaking in on our intimacy. That had not been the original intention at all. She didn’t expect to find us in bed, but after finding the door unlocked, and us not being downstairs, she had suspicions. She told us that her day had been one of such unfathomable sexual tension. She said that her morning had begun with a powerful orgasm as she showered, then masturbated. Her entire body was electrically charged from that point on. She had dressed for class in a very short, pleated black skirt and simple, thin, black t-shirt. By the time she reached her first class, the throbbing in her pussy had reached a crescendo. Her class was in a large auditorium but was not close to full. She usually sat in the last rows and today was no exception. Two of the universities football players sat behind her but they rarely paid attention to the lectures. The lights were always dimmed to make the viewing screen more visible. True to form, as the slides of pre-renaissance art flashed on the screen, the athletes commenced their talk of the game this Saturday. They were more concerned about the famous alumni that would be present for the traditional walk to the stadium by the team. Would they get playing time? What party would they attend after the game? They were oblivious to Stephanie’s presence. This was nothing new. Steph had shot them down quickly when the semester had begun. Rather than risk their fragile egos they chose to ignore her. So she sat in class, staring at the pictures, barely hearing the words of description. Her thoughts kept running to the day before, and to what was happening between Beth and myself while she was away. 

She told us that there was no jealousy, just curiosity. She had been so sexually charged that any thoughts of sex immediately initiated arousal. She could feel the wetness and heat begin to build as the class proceeded around her. Her needs were overcoming her sense of caution. The adjustable desktop that she normally kept folded along the side of the seat was now a blocking tool, to hide her intended actions from anyone else in the class. Steph slowly inched her skirt up her thighs until her fingertips could touch the fabric of her thin panties. The material was wet to the touch. She lifted the side of the elastic and let one finger slide along the silky smooth skin of her labia. A tremendous effort was needed to keep from sighing audibly as the finger slid between the folds and found her hard clit. She told us that mini-orgasms were attacking her brain from the first touch. There were vague memories of the conversation behind her. The professor’s voice intoned about the artworks. She was more concerned with how to have a mind-blowing orgasm without disrupting the entire class. Oh how she wanted to place her feet on the chair in front and plunge her fingers into her flowing pussy. 

Somehow she did manage to detect some noise in the auditorium. She quickly removed her fingers and pushed her skirt to its original position. She turned slightly and looked over her shoulder. The two guys behind her were still engrossed in their own conversation. The others in the class were closing their notebooks in preparation to leave. But where was the professor? Steph could hear his voice but he was not to be seen. When she turned back to the other side, there he was. He was wearing a wireless microphone so he could amble around the room while talking. He was staring toward Stephanie with a look of disbelief. She was not sure if he had seen her masturbating or not. Her flush of embarrassment completed the color change that had been creeping over her neck and face. She quickly gathered her things and headed toward the opposite door. Maybe he had not seen her at all. Steph looked over her shoulder while exiting the door. The professor was bending down and touching his hand to the seat cover. As his hand met the cloth, a sly smile spread across his face. 

While feeling totally embarrassed, Steph was also incredibly aroused. She knew that she must complete the orgasm soon or she would numbly stumble around in a stupor. She ran into the first restroom but there were too many other students inside. She went into a stall and removed her panties. She knew that the excess moisture must be wiped away from her pouting lips. Without thinking she crumbled the panties in her hand and dropped them into her purse. As she left the restroom she could feel the cool air waft over the still damp skin below her skirt. As she left the building her mind was struck by the absurdity of her condition. Here she was, in the middle of a large university campus, wearing only a short skirt and tiny shirt, desperately looking for a place to cum. She slowly walked down the sidewalk, feeling a sense of power that no one else knew she was almost naked. She fleetingly thought of flashing some poor, unexpecting guys, just to watch their reaction. She suddenly had an idea. She sped her stroll past several buildings. As she passed the edge of the campus, near the drugstore where everyone celebrated the team’s victories, past the streamers still waving from the trees, she saw her objective. How could she have forgotten the study carols in the library? It was so close. She could feel the fluid oozing from her as she stepped through the entrance. Would she make it to the small private rooms before someone noticed the wetness on her legs? 
She found an empty cubicle, one that had paper taped to the long window in the door. She hurried inside and locked the door behind her. Her purse dropped to the floor. She unzipped her skirt and let it fall to her feet. She took her hands and pushed her shirt over her breasts. As she sank back into the chair, legs splayed out before her, one hand attacked her stiffened nipples, and the other raked her pussy with lustful abandon. Stephanie knew that it would not take long. She could see out the window, people walking underneath, talking, laughing, while she masturbated with intensity. First one, then two and three fingers pushed past her opening. The slosh of juices was intoxicating to her. Knowing the outcome was not preparation for the tidal wave that overcame her. She told us that her orgasm was so intense she was afraid of blacking out. She could feel the blood rush from her head, the energy moving with it. She had never been so wet. Her fingers looked like they had been dipped in thinned honey. She lifted the fingers to her lips and sucked them dry, alternating hands until she was dry enough to get dressed again. 

She knew then that afternoon class was out of the question. She returned to her car and started the few minutes drive from campus to neighborhood. She told us that she knew Beth was with me. But she assumed that we would be talking. Beth had told her that today would be one of long conversation between the two of us, telling me of their history together. Once inside her house she had changed into clean dry clothes and planned to eat a light lunch. Unfortunately her mind got the better of her and she just had to come next door and say hello. The rest we already knew. Listening to that soft, sweet voice narrate her morning had given me a tremendous erection. It was hiding under the bubbles as I slowly stroked the shaft. Beth was not covering her condition quite as well. I could see the far away look in her eyes, the slight movements in her shoulder. I knew that her hand was between her legs, priming her pump. Stephanie noticed our quietness. And the slight motions of our bodies. She glanced back and forth between us, her smile broadening. She said, “I am honored that both of you are horny. This is to some degree, payback for what I have felt today. But neither of you will get away with satisfaction that doesn’t include me.”  She told us that we could get off if we wanted but we better save our remaining energy for her. We both looked a little sheepish, not much, just a little. 

Stephanie reached over and released the drain plug. As the water level dropped she told us to get our wine, dry ourselves off, and get into the bed for her pleasure. She had lost much of the shyness and reserve. She had finally decided that it was her turn to take charge. And Beth and me were more than willing to give her that freedom. We quickly toweled dry and walked to the bed. The afternoon sun was beaming in the windows, casting a warm glow on the bed and our skin. Stephanie told us she was still hot and we should do as we are told. She lay on her back and gestured for us to join her, Beth on one side, me on the other. She said, “I think you both know what to do. If I have any special requests you will be told.” Beth looked into my eyes and we lowered our gaze to Steph’s body. Simultaneously we each took a nipple into our mouths. I was exhilarated to see Beth tongue that hard flesh while I was doing the same from six inches away. Steph was reclined with her eyes shut. She was obviously ready to feel the pleasure and didn’t have to see it happen. Our hands began to intertwine as they moved down Stephanie’s body to her pussy. We were moving faster, with more energy, because Steph was ready for sex, plain and simple. I am not sure if an adequate description is possible for feeling Beth’s fingers slide next to mine as we explored that gorgeous, steaming pussy. As my finger would delve into Stephanie’s depths, Beth’s would waltz over her clit. Then without warning we would both shift places. Stephanie was feeling two different textures, sizes, and speeds churn her body at the same time. The gallop toward cumming was nearing a finish. She was saying, “Yes”, over and over again. We could feel the orgasm approach, fan out, and dissipate under our fingertips. 

Stephanie didn’t give herself time to bask in the feeling. She immediately pulled herself up and reversed her position over Beth. They were both staring at two dripping wet pussies. Stephanie lowered her mouth to Beth, as Beth raised her lips to Steph. The slurping of wet labia, tongues driving through the folds, into the inner recesses, was more that I could stand. I raised myself to my knees and placed the tip of my cock on Stephanie’s pussy. Beth reached up and grabbed my erection and rubbed the head along the slit before me. Beth alternated between licking clit and ball, lip and shaft. Just when I felt that no more pleasure could be tolerated, Beth drove my cock to the base into Stephanie’s pussy. The grunt could be felt in every piece of Steph’s body. I watched my cock drive in and out of this tight little pussy, feeling Beth’s tongue bath my shaft as it bore into Stephanie over and over. Stephanie was definitely still able to keep her lock on Beth’s clit. Beth was moaning her own form of music. I could feel my orgasm building in the distance. How many times had I cum since yesterday? I needed a vacation but it would probably end up similar to this, so I looked forward to work, just to rest. But, a task was at hand, or dick. I could hear Beth and Stephanie intensify their groans and moans. They were not far from cumming either. 
