 Disclaimer: All individuals in this work of fictions are above the age of 18 years. 

*

It had been almost six months since Jacob and Natalie had their first encounter. Since then they had been meeting regularly, about three or four times a month, for Natalie's erotic tutelage. Jacob, now twenty years old had become well versed in sexual activity thanks to Natalie's lessons, but he still sometimes felt a little wet behind the ears. 

On this particular day, Natalie was driving home from work. She smiled to herself as her mind was in overdrive. She thought back to earlier in the day, to her lunch break. The now twenty-nine year old brunette was having lunch with a young intern who was at the radio station where she worked. 

The intern had been there about two months and she and Natalie had taken to having their lunch together. Natalie first noticed how young she looked; later learning that she was twenty, the same age as Jacob. At first, their conversations had been innocent, just learning about each other. The girl, Veronica, was eager to be working at a radio station, believing it to be a boost to her ambitions of a career in broadcasting. As the weeks passed their conversations became more intimate. Natalie had learned that Veronica was not a virgin but still very inexperienced, only having one serious boyfriend, now an ex, and only having sex three times. Natalie felt the girl had been so trustful of her that she had to reciprocate. She somehow let it slip the situation she had going with Jacob. Natalie took notice of Veronica's green eyes brightening as she divulged the details of her and Jacob's first encounter and their subsequent lessons. 

This particular lunch meeting was about a week after Natalie had shared her exploits. Veronica seemed extra curious on this day, questioning Natalie as to whether she still instructed Jacob and how kinky they got. She seemed almost disappointed when Natalie told her that they mostly kept it tame. Natalie looked as the young blonde seemed to be psyching herself up for something extreme. Veronica finally looked Natalie in the face, 

"This might be crossing a line or something, but I feel I can tell you this. Although I'm still inexperienced, I've always had this one fantasy," she whispered.

Natalie was taken aback.

Veronica continued, "I've always had a fetish for submission, not anything extreme, no ball gags or full leather suits or stuff like that. But the idea of someone telling me what to do, when to do it, and how...it's so exciting to me." 

Natalie smiled to Veronica, "Wow, I'd never take you for the type."

"I know, everyone always pictures me as the innocent one."

"You know, I have to admit, I've fantasized about similar stuff...maybe we should get together and experiment a little," Natalie boldly proposed.

Veronica blushed profusely, "Oh I could never, I'd be so embarrassed; to be with someone I work with in a situation like that."

Natalie took Veronica's hand in hers, comforting her, "I'll tell you what, what if I convinced Jacob to go along, it would be like a shared experience, the first time for you both, you wouldn't have to be worried about being shy then."

"Well I supposed if I wasn't the only one. . ." Veronica began to reply before being cut off by Natalie.

"Great! I'll talk to Jacob tonight and let you know tomorrow. "

The two women smiled at each other while they finished up their lunch and went back to work.

Natalie pulled into her driveway, unable to stop smiling as numerous thoughts swirled through her mind. Sat in her car, she retrieved her Blackberry and texted Jacob, "Need to see you tonight." She headed inside and went about her evening. 

Jacob was up in his room, researching for a college paper when his phone beeped. He read the message and smiled. He got up and walked to his window. Looking out, he saw Natalie's blue mini cooper in her driveway. Excited at the prospects of an afternoon quickie, he rushed downstairs and into the backyard. Jacob made his way over to Natalie's and to her kitchen door. He retrieved the hidden key from beneath a plant pot that Natalie had showed him. He entered the house and casually walked up to Natalie's bedroom. Jacob was pleased to be greeted by Natalie's almost naked body, bending over as she removed her skirt. He admired the sight of her ass, held snugly in her red lace panties. He faked coughed, alerting Natalie to his presence.

"Getting started without me?" he quipped.

A startled Natalie spun around swiftly, 

"Don't you know what tonight means? What if your parents come home early and see you gone?"

Jacob smiled and stepped closer to Natalie, 

"Don't you ever listen when I talk; I told you they're in California for a week, at my aunt's to see her new baby."

"Oh yeah...must have slipped my mind, you're so distracting when you come over," she teased.

Jacob leaned in, planting a kiss on Natalie. 

As their moist tongues swirled around each other, Natalie could feel herself heating up. Before she got caught up in the moment, Natalie abruptly broke their embrace, 

"Wait, that's not why I texted you." 

Natalie proceeded to sit Jacob down on the bed and explain to him the situation with Veronica. She went over her lunch time conversation almost word for word. Giving him a minute to understand it all she followed up, 

"So. . .what do you think?"

Jacob wasn't quite sure what to think; he had a great thing going with Natalie and didn't want to alter it.

Natalie sensed the hesitation in his eyes. "I promise, it will be lots of fun for everyone involved," she whispered in her best tempting sultry voice.

Jacob had to admit that the idea of this other girl intrigued him, "So is this Veronica hot?"

Natalie chuckled, "She's a knockout...sweetest thing you've ever seen, apart from me of course."

Jacob smiled, "Okay then, I guess it could be fun, I mean, you already boss me around anyways." 

"You do understand what this means right? The next time you step into this house will be completely different from anything we've ever done. I will be different, and you will have to listen and obey every instruction I give," Natalie clarified.

"Yeah, I get it, I'm game if you are," he replied. 

"Great, well I'll tell Veronica tomorrow. I want you to come over on Friday, six in the evening....sharp! See you then."

"See me then? I'm here now," Jacob protested.

Natalie smiled. She looked down to Jacob's crotch, noticing the slight bulge.

"Is that from hearing about Veronica or coming over to see me?" she asked.

"Both I guess."

"Well I don't think we should start without Veronica, but I could help you out, for old times' sake," she joked.

Natalie got up, dressed in just her black lace bra and red panties, and kneeled between Jacob's legs. She wasted no time, expertly undoing his belt buckle and pulling his pants to the floor. She looked up to him as she fished his hardening cock out from his boxers. Jacob looked down and smiled as he saw the beautiful face staring up at him. He groaned as Natalie extended her tongue, licking the base of his penis, up its length and swirled around the tip. In an instant she had his entire manhood in her mouth, her tongue dragging along every inch as she bobbed her head up and down. Jacob ran his hand through Natalie's hair as she continued to suck him. Minutes passed like seconds and before long, Jacob could feel himself on the edge,

"Nat...I'm cumming," he groaned. 

Natalie popped his cock out of her mouth and proceeded to stroked him vigorously with her hand. Not ten seconds had passed before Jacob's cock began erupting with sperm. The white globs covered Natalie's face and chest. She smiled as she squeezed every last drop out of Jacob. Licking her thumb and index finger she stood up and smiled to Jacob,

"Okay, why don't you let me go get cleaned up. You should get home and make sure all your work is done so your weekend will be free." 

Jacob, still recovering from his orgasm, slowly pulled up his pants as he watched Natalie's swaying body walk into the bathroom. He let himself out and went back to his research. 

The next day, Natalie was excited for lunch to arrive. She strolled into the lunchroom, pleased to see Veronica already there. She took a seat next to the blonde,

"Okay, it's all set, Jacob agreed, he's coming over on Friday, 6pm. You should come for the same time."

Veronica sheepishly smiled. This is in fact exactly what she wanted, but now it seemed so real, and a sense of nervousness overcame her. 

Natalie, ever this intuitive one sensed the unease, 

"Sweetie, listen, this is all for you, so you need to be comfortable, we can stop at any time. If you walk in the door and don't feel right we don't have to do anything at all, you just tell me and that's it. And I promise, Jacob is the sweetest guy, so you shouldn't be worried about that."

Natalie's comforting words allowed Veronica to breathe a sigh of relief, "Okay then, six pm it is."

"Great! I'll email you my address later, I can't wait till Friday!!"

"I know, as much as I am nervous, I'm equally excited," Veronica confided. 

The girls went about their day as normally as they could, secretly exchanging winks and smiles every time they cross paths. 

For the three involved, Friday couldn't arrive soon enough, it seemed to take ages. The day itself seemed to drag on forever. Natalie sat fidgeting at her desk, hoping she had made enough preparations, wondering if the plans she made would go as smoothly as she imagined them in her mind. Finally it was four o' clock and Natalie found herself almost running to her car. She made it home in record time, had a quick bite to eat and took a shower. She slipped on a black silk bathrobe that reached just above her knees, and nothing else. She headed down to the living room placing a black cardboard box on a side table. Then, she positioned a single wooden chair facing her couch, about three feet away. She took a seat on the chair and watched over to the clock . . . 5:49pm.

Minutes later, there was a knock at the door. Natalie excitedly rushed over. She took a deep breath before opening it. She coyly smiled at an anxious looking Jacob. He was dressed in a white shirt and jeans. 

"Go sit on the couch and wait for me," she said, trying her best to sound stern, "Don't touch or do anything, just sit and wait." 

Jacob walked passed her, silent and obedient. 

Natalie stood around in the foyer, patiently awaiting her next guest. It wasn't too long till she heard the hum of an engine in the driveway, then moments later, another knock at the door. She paused a moment then opened the door. Veronica stood in the doorway, dressed in a light red summer dress. Natalie offered Veronica a friendlier smile that she did Jacob, but her instructions were just as stern,

"Walk through that hallway and into the living room, Jacob is waiting there. I want you to sit on his lap and for you two to wait for me. Don't say a word to each other."

Veronica didn't hesitate for a second, not to say that her heart wasn't pounding as she walked down the hallway. She walked around the corner, into a large room, the center at which, sat a young handsome man. She immediately began blushing. 

Jacob sat up in his seat when he saw the beautiful blonde enter the room. He was taken aback by her. Her face looked so sweet, so young, and so innocent. He immediately took notice of her body, her petite breasts, cupped gently by her summer dress, and her skinny long legs, displayed perfectly by the shortness of her attire. As if he wasn't startled before, Jacob was in shock as the young woman kept walking towards him, then proceeded to sit right on his lap. He didn't know what to say, or if in fact he could say anything. He stared blankly at Veronica's back, her blonde hair ending just below her shoulders, enjoying the sweet girlish aroma her body exuded. Veronica did her best to pat her dress down which had ridden up her leg as she took her seat. They both sat in the deafening silence . . . waiting. 

Natalie stood silent in the hallway, smiling to herself, imagining the awkwardness of the situation in the living room. Finally, she walked into the room, pleased to see her orders being obeyed. She took a seat in the chair facing the couch. She noticed Jacob's eyes dart directly to her legs. She uncrossed her legs, her bathrobe parting gently. She smiled deviously to herself, knowing the effect the sight would have on Jacob. 

Both Jacob and Veronica took immediate notice of the slight opening of Natalie's robe. Jacob's eyes were fixed, he could see right between her thighs, with just the slightest glance at the lips of her pussy. He couldn't help the effect of the sight; he grew nervous as he felt his cock slowly hardening. Seconds later, Veronica was caught off guard at the distinctive new feeling beneath her. She shifted slightly on Jacob's lap, then there it was, the unmistakable feel of Jacob's hardened penis, pressing against her ass cheek. Jacob was embarrassed but he couldn't help it. 

"Jacob, this is Veronica, Veronica, Jacob," Natalie said authoritatively. "I felt the need for you two to be comfortable with each other as soon as possible." 

"Can you feel him Veronica?" she continued.

"Yes," Veronica sheepishly replied.

"Yes Ms. Winters! That goes for you too Jacob" Natalie scolded.

"Yes Ms. Winters," the pair replied in unison. 

"Tell me what you feel Veronica."

"Umm, I feel his penis,"

Veronica saw Natalie stare at her sternly,

"I feel his cock....his cock, pressing against my ass," she clarified. 

"Very good," Natalie said with a smile, "Now, I want you both to stand, strip naked and then return to your seated position."

Jacob and Veronica sat there, frozen.

"Now!" yelled Natalie.

The twosome were up immediately, Jacob standing a little further back than Veronica. 

"Veronica, you first," Natalie instructed. 

Veronica stared at Natalie, and then looked over to Jacob. Her hand moved slowly to her sides, grabbing her dress and lifting it over her head. When Veronica tossed her dress to the floor, Jacob's eyes focused immediately to her ass, two beautiful round mounds separated by the thin pink string of a lace thong. He couldn't help but stare at her wonderfully round butt; it looked so smooth and firm. Veronica reached behind her and unclasped her matching pink bra. The garment slipped from her petite breasts with ease. Natalie smiled at the sight before her, Veronica's pert breasts protruding upwards, her pink nipples just a bit puffy. Natalie stepped forward with an outstretched hand. She cupped Veronica's right breast, feeling its firmness, and then gently tweaked her nipple. She smiled as she watched Veronica's puffy nipples turn rock hard in front her eyes. She released her and Veronica continued, hands at her side, grasping the hem of her thong panties. Jacob stared in awe as Veronica tugged her panties down her legs, allowing it to pool at her ankles. Natalie, standing in front of the pair, had the view of Veronica's pussy; again she stepped forward, this time with her hand lowered. Veronica closed her eyes as she felt Natalie's fingers roam over her abdomen, slowly moving downwards. Now they were combing through the blonde curls of her pubes and over the lips of her pussy. When she was sufficiently satisfied, Natalie retrieved her hand and turned to Jacob,

"Now you."

Jacob took his cue, undoing the buttons of his shirt and dropping it to the floor. Natalie noticed Veronica's focused stare, like a laser beam on Jacob's chest, who could blame her she thought, he's quite the handsome fella. Both women looked on as Jacob undid the button on his jeans and bent over, lowering his denim confines. He used his feet to finally get them off, kicking them in a pile with his shirt. Natalie and Veronica stared at the young man, stood in his white boxer briefs, the distinctive curve of his hardened penis clearly on display. 

"Come on Jacob, we're wasting time here," Natalie egged on. 

A nervous Jacob grabbed his underwear and lowered them, feeling the cool rush of air hit his nether regions. Veronica looked on; admiring the young man's astoundingly fit body. She blushed as he stood up, his fully erect penis coming into view, almost feeling his embarrassment. It was the same feeling she had when she removed her panties, she could almost feel his stare burning her ass. 

Now the two stood stark naked before an approving Natalie, who had taken her seat back on the chair. 

"Very good, now, please take your seats."

Jacob and Veronica sat down on the couch. 

"Is that how you were seated before?" Natalie asked in a calm yet stern voice.

The pair stood up and stared at each other in distress. Jacob almost apologetically moved behind Veronica and sat back down on the couch. Staring straight at Veronica's splendid ass, he could just make out the hint of her pussy lips through her golden curls. The smell of her sex invaded his nostrils. The view had his cock throbbing and staring straight up. Veronica looked over her shoulder to Jacob, then back to Natalie. She lowered her body and sat on the edge of Jacob's lap. She was basically sat on his knees. 

"Am I going to have to administer some punishment Veronica?" Natalie questioned.

Veronica just stared sheepishly at Natalie.

"Is that how you were seated before?" Natalie continued her voice now a little harsher.

"No Ms. Winters," Veronica squeaked.

"Then get up and sit back down like you were before," Natalie's words tender but firm.

Veronica was immediately to her feet. She inched back a bit, before lowering herself again. This time her ass came down right onto Jacob's crotch. She squirmed as she felt the warm slickness of precum against her skin, his cock pressing into her ass cheek. Veronica wriggled her body around a little till Jacob's cock came to rest right between her legs. She looked down at her crotch, seeing his manhood staring up at her, nestled against her pussy, its tip drooling with precum. 

"Excellent," stated Natalie, "For the most part you two are doing very well."

"Veronica, please hand me the box to you right."

Veronica retrieved the black cardboard box on the side table. Leaning forward, she handed it over to Natalie. 

"While I'm glad to see you two getting so comfortable with each other, I have an activity that will acquaint everyone more . . . intimately," Natalie said with a coy smile. "Please follow me."

With that Natalie stood up, untied her robe, allowing it to fall to the floor, and then walked off into another room. 

Veronica and Jacob had just enough time to savor the sight of Natalie's naked body, her full breasts, decorated exquisitely with pink erect nipples. Her bare pussy didn't go unnoticed, its glistening plump lips arousing them both. 

The naked couple followed Natalie into the other room, finding the guest bedroom, but no one there. They ventured further, finally laying eyes on Natalie's wondrous body once again in the bathroom. They noticed the black box sitting on the edge of the tub, open. It contained a razor, a can of shaving cream, and a tube of post shave lotion. 

Natalie saw the look in the twosome's eyes and then spoke,

"For some reason I thought Jacob would be the only one requiring a shave, it was a pleasant surprise to see that you will joining him Veronica. It should be a nice bonding exercise." 

Natalie stepped forward and took Jacob's hand in hers.

"Jacob, I want you to make this," Natalie was now passing Jacob's palm over Veronica's pussy, through her thick bush, Veronica just standing there, slowing becoming aroused as these practical strangers touched her so salaciously, "feel like this." Natalie now switched Jacob's hand over to her own pussy. Jacob almost groaned as his fingers traversed over her cunt, it was so smooth, her lips slick and moist. 
