 I just let go. Of everything. I completely surrendered and went with it.

Opening my mouth to Frank's kiss, my arms went around his waist, pulling him tighter to me. My hands slid down to his butt and squeezed. I felt more than heard Frank moaning into my mouth. 

I couldn't take it, I was over the top with new sensations! Breaking the kiss, I leaned back so I could look at Frank, all the while keeping our cocks pressed together. My hands came back to his hips and I slid my fingers into the waistband of his shorts. Pushing downward on his shorts, I dropped down to my knees in front of him. The spandex turned inside-out as I peeled it down off his hips. Kneeling, his cock was directly in front of my face as it sprang free of the tight material. It bounded straight up into my face, sticking straight out from his body. Frank was clean-shaven and circumcised, and the head of his cock was already dripping with pre-cum.

Mesmerized, I slid my left hand up his thigh, encircling the base of his cock with my hand. As I slid my hand up the length of his shaft toward the head, Frank tilted his head back and moaned softly. Squeezing just a little bit, I slid my hand back to the base of his cock and leaned forward. Sticking out my tongue, I licked the pre-cum from his cock, making a kissing motion with my mouth on the head of his cock.

I pulled his cock from my lips so I could savor the taste of his cum; I couldn't believe how good it felt to have his cock in my hand! My right hand fell to my own crotch, and as I squeezed my cock through my shorts, I took his head into my mouth. Closing my eyes, I felt myself moan at the sensations I was feeling. I had my hand on my rock-hard erection and a cock in my mouth!

Keeping my eyes closed, I slid my hand back down his shaft, leaning forward to take even more of his cock into my mouth. Pressing downward on his cock, I slid my mouth back until his head was just pressed on my lips. I could tell I wouldn't be able to get his entire cock into my mouth, so as I slid my mouth back down his shaft, I kept my hand wrapped around the base of his cock. Perfect! I could comfortably suck him like this, and my hand would take care of some extra stimulation for the part I couldn't get into my mouth!

I was beginning to fall into a rhythm, moaning around Frank's cock when I felt a hand on my head. At first, I kept my eyes closed, stroking and sucking, assuming it was Frank's hand. As I felt the hand move, it occurred to me there was no way Frank's hand could turn that way. Opening my eyes as I slid Frank's cock from my mouth, I was somewhat surprised to see Cindy standing next to me, running her hand over my head and smiling as I gave her husband a blowjob.

"We should go inside where we can get more comfortable", Cindy said. 

Reluctantly removing my hand from Frank's cock, I pulled his shorts all the way down to his ankles. Frank kicked off his shoes, and I pulled his shorts all the way off. With one more squeeze of his cock, I stood up. "Lead the way", I said, licking my lips and smiling at Frank.

We barely made it inside and through the kitchen before Cindy turned to me and pulled her shirt over her head. Dropping it on the floor, she reached for the snap of her shorts, all the while looking me directly in the eyes. "Do you like looking at my breasts, Jeremy? I know you like Frank's cock, can you suck my nipples like you sucked his cock?"

I took a half-step toward Cindy and reached toward her. I closed my hands around her breasts, capturing her nipple between my fingers and gently squeezed. Cindy's eyes closed and a moan escaped her lips as her shorts slid down her legs to puddle at her feet. At the same time, I felt Frank step up behind me and place his hands on my hips, pressing his erection against my ass. I leaned forward to plant a kiss on Cindy's lips as I felt Frank's cock rubbing against me from behind. Cindy grabbed my head with both hands and forced her tongue into my mouth, stepping out of her shorts and pressing against my body. My hands left her beautiful little breasts as she moved forward, sliding around her sides and down her back, finally cupping her ass covered only in a tiny pair of panties. 

Cindy's ass felt great! I never noticed how firm it was; she always wore loose-fitting baggy shorts. I was in the middle of a happy sandwich; Frank's hard cock pressing against my ass, and Cindy grinding against my pounding erection!

Cindy broke our kiss and leaned away from me, looking down at my grime-covered chest. "We should really do something about that", she said, reaching for a dishtowel. "Looks like you're dirty all the way down", she said with a smile, running the towel under the faucet. "Why don't you lose those shorts?" she asked, turning off the water. 

It took me all of 2 seconds to rid myself of my shorts and underwear; as I got undressed, Frank pulled his shirt over his head, and Cindy wiggled out of her panties. Except for a little strip down the middle, Cindy was shaved clean. She stepped closer to me, damp towel in hand. Was this really happening? Was I standing naked in my neighbors' kitchen, with them naked too? Testing my theory, I reached my right hand out and grabbed Frank's cock, and cupped Cindy's breast in my left hand. 

Cindy smiled as she started cleaning the dirt from my chest. "Mmm, this is going to be nice, isn't it, Frank?"

Frank's hand wrapped around my erection, gently stroking it as he replied, "Oh, yes. Very nice."