 New Secretary – Company Bonding

If you have been reading the previous stories about my new very personal assistant Marie, you'll know that she has turned out to be a great addition to the company and a great influence on me. At this point, twelve months into her new position, she has helped increase corporate morale and effectiveness with her talent for selecting just the right VPA for my senior executives, helped me close significant deals with many key accounts, and has taken my sex life way beyond my original plans for her – I mean way beyond. 

*****

The week before Christmas my sales manager Tom came into my office as I was thinking about my birthday – the big 40 was coming the following week.

"Hey – what's up?" I asked.

"Are you aware I have been here eleven months, thirteen days and four hours? But who's counting?"

"Really" I responded, "already? " We both laughed.

" I thought we could do an impromptu review."

"Sure – my time is yours. No time like the present." Tom sat down.

" OK here's my summary. You are a terrific boss and I am a terrific sales manager. We have a terrific new CFO and, thank you, we have our VPA's. We are all cooking at high gears. We are well on our way to having doubled our optimistic sales increase. We have already increased business by almost 45% all with greater margins. I will make almost $50,000 more than we both thought and I know that makes you happy. It certainly does me. How am I doin' so far, Boss?"

"Great – don't stop now – you're on a roll!" I smiled in return.

"OK – I've got an idea. We need some R&R as a group – kind of like a retreat to plan next year – that is you, me and Jeff, and of course the girls need to come along to take notes. I propose that we plan a trip to someplace where clothes are at a minimum and that you pay for it out of my year-end bonus."

"Sounds like a great idea, Tom, but don't be silly. I would be happy to pay for it. You guys have earned it. You don't have to do this."

"Oh yes I do. If I pay, I get to chose how and where and how much. Besides, there must be a better boss somewhere in the world, but I ain't even thinking about looking. This is a great company you have here Jack. You are building something fabulous and you share the wealth – financially and personally. As an employee who feels more like a partner, thank you for the opportunity to make more money this year than my father thought I would earn in a lifetime."

"You're welcome, but you guys make it pretty easy. I don't worry about anything when you say you'll take care of it. You always come through. So where are you planning?"

"I have a friend who has a three-bedroom home on the bluffs overlooking the Caribbean at Runaway Bay in Jamaica. It's very secluded and very private. He has a pool and a hot tub/jacuzzi with a view that won't quit. We can have it fully stocked with food and drink, complete with cook and manservant so we never have to leave if we don't want to. We can charter a jet for a little more than commercial airfare for the six of us and be there in two hours. What do you say?"

"When do we leave?" and we both laughed out loud.

"Jeff is already in and I think Madeline has never unpacked from their purchasing trip last week. Rachel has already done the work on the plane and Marie has your bag packed and has already cleared your schedule for next week. The plane leaves Friday at 10:30 AM. The limo will pick you up at 9:00 and collect Marie, Jeff and Madeline afterwards."

"Are you telling me you guys planned all this behind my back?"

"Happy birthday, Jack, and a happy and prosperous new year with our thanks."

I turned around and there was Jeff, Madeline, Rachel, and Marie all smiling. 

"You guys are the best."

Madeline responded with a bright smile – "you ain't seen nothing yet!"

As promised the limo picked me up at 9:00, rolled into town for Marie at the company apartment, and picked up Tom and Rachel and headed toward the field. On the way we picked up Jeff and Madeline.


When we got to the airport, the jet was there and waiting complete with flight crew and two stunning twin attendants in extremely brief uniforms. Their skirts were very short and split high on the side and they wore see-thru blouses – without anything else. Stunning pairs. 

"I recruited those twins myself" said Marie in response to my appreciative stare. "They start in two weeks at Morgan Brothers (one of our larger clients). I promised them to tag along on this trip if they accepted. They have hotel reservations at Hedo II, totally on us, with the rest of the flight crew. That should keep them all happy for the week. They'll meet us back at the airport on Sunday next."

The flight down was fabulous. As soon as we took off, the attendants were quick to shed their clothes and serve the champagne and food on board. There is just something neat about looking at a freshly shaved pussy and a pair of perky tits on the other side of your champagne glass at twenty thousand feet. They joined us as well and we encouraged the girls to shed their clothes. By the time we hit cruising altitude, we all had downed our third glass, the girls were all nude, and they were all playing with each other. It was a big feel fest. We were all feeling pretty good when we landed at Montego Bay. The attendants had, true to their word, given all of us incredible blowjobs or pussy licking orgasms, including the pilot and co-pilot. 

We were met by a van with "Runaway House" on the side and Tom went up to the driver. He and a large Jamaican man came back to help with the small amount of luggage. 

"My name is Ian, and I am the caretaker for the home. My wife Nia is the housekeeper and cook. Here is a card with our numbers if ever you need anything. There are two cars in the garage for your use – but remember we drive on the left. Mr. Steven has told us to treat you as his very personal guest and to see that all is taken care of. Mr. Tom, your golf reservation for tomorrow with Mr. Jeff is set for 9:30 as you requested, at Mr. Steven's club about a kilometer from the house. He has insisted on paying for you the first time, but only if you break 90."

"What are the arrangements with Nia?" I asked.

"Mr. Jack, Nia will come in early and lay out breakfast and then, around 11:00 each day, she'll return to tidy up and cook lunch and dinner for you if that is what you wish. She is a fine woman and a fine cook. Is that satisfactory?"


"Great for me – how about you guys?"

All agreed and we packed up and drove to the house. It was magnificent – all stone, metal and glass, large rooms with incredible views of the Caribbean, an open covered patio with the jacuzzi and pool complete with bar and barbecue. 

"I need to get me a place like this " I thought.

It was if Marie had been reading my mind. "Jack, Tom told me there is another place like this being built up the road. It's for sale - $250,000 American, completely furnished. You would still have time to pick some things out."

I just was amazed at her ability to anticipate. She just grinned this lascivious smile. "I thought you might like to know."

After a lovely dinner, compliments of Nia, we all decided to make it an early night. Marie and I laughed as we heard Madeline and Rachel taking care of Jeff and Tom. There was quite a bit of passion going on in the two other bedrooms and Marie and I, almost as voyeurs, listened to every bit. Marie lay there next to me fondling my dick as we listened. Between her fondling and the sounds it didn't take long for me to get very, very hard. She rolled over a little and took me in her mouth, licking and sucking gently. When she had me good and wet she rolled on her back.

"Take me Jack – please. I need you inside me right now. That noise is driving me insane."

Never one to disappoint a lady, I rolled over on top of her and pushed in to her waiting pussy. She was already wet and warm and ready and gasped a grateful and lustful moan. I nibbled and licked her already hard nipples using my free hand to massage her tits just as she liked it – firm – not hard. She gasped a little as, in ever increasing speed and length, I stroked in and out my full length while kissing her passionately. With each stroke, the tip of my dick touched her "spot" eliciting an aroused response. She broke off the kiss so she could moan her mantra softly in my ear:

"yes..yes..more....oh God this feels so good. My God how I love your dick in me….I love it.. give me more… deeper….deeper more…more faster …harder … deeper…uuuggghhhhhhhhhhhhh"

She rubbed my chest and pinched my nipples. She played with my ass and wrapped her legs around me pulling me in harder and deeper with each stroke. I could feel my balls tightening and her pussy walls gripping me as Marie got closer and closer to her orgasm. At our mutual time, as if it were perfectly orchestrated, I exploded in her and she came with a scream. I could feel her pulsing her muscles around me, milking me. As we lay there recovering, we heard the others cheering – a little too loudly, and we laughed at the thinness of the walls.

"I'll make a note" Marie said and we both laughed harder.

The next morning, as if by magic, we all arrived in the great room at about 8:30. The girls were in robes, as was I, and Tom and Jeff were dressed for golf. Nia had obviously been in because there was fresh coffee brewed and a breakfast of fruits and fresh baked cakes on the table. We all laughed about the lack of sound insulation as we lounged around and had our coffee. Tom and Jeff went off around 9:15.

Marie and Madeline cleaned off the table. Rachel said she was going out to the sun and we should join her when we were done. As I started to go for a bathing suit Marie stopped me.

"No need for that, we have all agreed this is a clothes optional house."

I looked over at her smiling face and Madeline had on one that looked more lustful than hers. So I walked out to the patio. There was Rachel, completely nude lying on a chaise sunning herself. I got my first good look at what a fabulous body she had – round tits and curves that were all in the right places. She patted the chaise next to her as an invitation and I took off my robe and sat down.

"Nice package Jack."

"Likewise Rachel, but you know the rules."

"We have our instructions Jack."

About that time Madeline and Marie came out with a tray of drinks. They stripped off their robes as well. I got my first good look at Madeline as well. She was built totally different than Marie and Rachel. She was leaner and thinner with smaller upturned tits and modest hips, built for speed, but as a package equally as gorgeous. She had this cute little design shaved with her public hair – like an arrow pointing to her pussy – as if anyone wouldn't know where to look. Her labia were large and fluffy. There I was, three beautiful, willing, nude women and me. Life was good.

I turned to Marie. "What did Rachel mean about them having their instructions?"

"Well I know one of your fantasies is to do a multiple – but we figured we'd put a little twist on it. So that is exactly what we are going to do – complements of Jeff and Tom, with Madeline and Rachel and, of course me. We'll play our "company bonding" game as soon as you think your ready to handle it." She had this big grin on her face – teasing the shit out of me as only she could. I looked at Rachel and Madeline and they were putting on the lustful, come-hither looks big time. No wonder Tom said Rachel took no prisoners.

Marie continued to explain that they had agreed to a sex fest during which each one of the six of us would get a foursome, men and women, as a "bonding" exercise. They thought it would be something we consider on an annual basis. Madeline was the one who came up with it as her VPA duties hadn't "gotten' her around very much" and she was a little jealous.

About the time Marie finished explaining what was in store for us, I guess they got tired of waiting because Madeline came over and sat between my legs. She bent over and started licking my dick slowly and sensuously. Rachel came over and stooped next to me. She reached over and started stroking my chest and then bent in to lick and nibble my nipples. I reached over and massaged her tits and played with her nipples in return. She let out a soft moan and I could feel her nipples getting harder. Marie bent down and kissed me, deeply and passionately, and joined Rachel's playground on my chest.

Madeline quickly graduated and sucked my dick all the way into her throat. She pulled back. "Oh what a big dick you have sir. Should I continue?" All I could do was moan – Marie had my mouth occupied. She wasted no time and pumped me up and down the entire length with her mouth and hands. I was rock hard in seconds. Marie stood up and straddled my head. I leaned back and stuck my tongue into her waiting and open pussy. She gasped loudly. She was already sopping wet.

Rachel bent down toward Madeline and they shared my dick licking and sucking alternately. I took the opportunity to reach between Rachel's legs and stroked her thigh as high as I could. In response, she shifted up and spread her legs so I could get a hand on her pussy. She was leaking already from anticipation. I fingered her clit and stuck two fingers in and massaged the sidewalls followed by two in her ass. The reaction was almost immediate. She came on my hand. Amazingly hot. In the meantime I was enjoying Marie's pussy and she was obviously enjoying it as she let off with a small orgasm as well.

Not to be outdone, Madeline, stood up and sat on the chaise with her legs on either side facing away. Rachel helped her stick my dick in her pussy in one stroke. She was hot, wet and tight. She didn't waste a second. She rode me with wild abandon yelling how good it felt the whole time. She bottomed out with each downward plunge. Rachel was ramping up again for another orgasm and Marie was on her third in my face. Just fucking amazing - I couldn't hold on any longer and let go into Madeline. She came seconds later twitching and continuing to ride me.

Then everyone switched places – Rachel jumped on my still very hard dick, Madeline sat on my face and Marie straddled my chest so I could play with her tits and pussy. She in the meantime was massaging Madeline's chest and pulling gently on her nipples. Madeline was getting ready to go very quickly – which she did – right in my mouth. She had a very different taste form Marie – but just as sweet. Rachel was moaning loudly for me to fuck her harder as she rode me into sexual oblivion. Amazingly, I came again – this time into Rachel. She also came about the same time and coated my dick and my balls with a gallon of cum.

Musical chairs – everyone changed places. Marie pushed me into her pussy for a few strokes and then moved me into her ass. God she was hotter than ever. She didn't wait either – riding me hard and fast screaming the entire time. Rachel was sitting on my face and I was licking and sucking her like there would never be another time for me. She was going absolutely crazy – and when I bit a little hard on her clit she came. My hands were busy with Madeline and she also let go a large orgasm and finally I came into Marie's ass about the same time she screamed her own. I was all done. Marie curled up next to me.

"Happy now?" All I could do is mumble my assent.

For the next five days, all of us had a foursome – alternating between three guys and a girl and three girls and a guy. At night, with amazing regularity, Marie and I would hear Jeff and Tom going at it with Madeline and Rachel as if they hadn't had sex in a year. Marie and I would fuck like animals as well – the whole thing made us so hot we couldn't wait to get to bed at night. Sometimes we didn't.

The big surprise for me was Madeline. When she did the three guys, she was the most energetic, lustful, and wanton woman I have ever seen. She was going from orgasm to orgasm quickly demanding more all the time. She was so aroused that she never came down in between – just one right after the other and bigger and bigger. Near the end, when we no longer had any ability to keep up with her, she was shaking, groaning and screaming uncontrollably for us to fuck her harder and longer. Most of that time she had Jeff in her ass, Tom in her pussy and me in her mouth. When we all finally collapsed, she made only a short comment – "Now that's is what I call a fucking!" and jumped into the pool. After an hours rest – she insisted on starting again. She was insatiable. We worked hard at making her fantasy come true by continually filling every hole she offered – sometimes all at once. She worked us so hard I thought my dick would explode.

During the week Marie and I went up and looked at the new house being built. We spoke with the builder and cut a deal to buy it with some alterations and additions included. He said he would work with Marie and have it tastefully decorated and show us the plan and colors before committing to it. I gave him a deposit and we went back to the other house for more fun.

By the end of the week, when we were packing to go home, we were all laughing about our "bonding experience" and how this sure changed the dynamics of us a little. It was Madeline that summed it up in her usual cryptic way:

"I think what happens here should stay here. At work the rules and the formalities must apply. And as for me, I expect nothing special at work as a result of my participating here. I certainly think getting my fantasy was worth the trip and I am looking forward to newt year. "


What could we do but agree.

When we got to the airport the flight crew and attendants had already set up the plane for departure. The girls were quick to show us the "no tan lines" bodies and the guys were sporting a grin that would probably be there for a month.

The trip home got us all another blowjob from the attendants as they paraded the cabin nude. If I ever get a plane, I want a crew like that. I looked at Marie – she just shook her head.

"We can't afford one." Was all she said. How the hell does she do that?

To be continued