 Part 1- The Wake Up

It was early. I hate being woken up early unless it is in a special way. Lucky for me this time is indeed very special. Groaning I open my eyes to see the sheets bobbing up and down. As a pull back the sheets I find my girlfriend Kristi giving me one of the best blowjobs I have received. "Good morning love," I said as I smiled down at her.

She's a great girlfriend cute, funny and always horny. She's small, only 5'3 with a killer set of b cup tits and a cute little ass. She has brown eyes and brown curly hair to match and her smile always look great, especially with my dick in her mouth.

As she slowly goes back up on my cock I can feel her tongue snaking all around my shaft while she fondles my balls. Still not saying a word to me she begins to lick the head of my cock and down the shaft. Once at the bottom she begins licking and sucking on each of my balls. She is stroking my hard cock as she takes one ball and then the other and sucks gently on them. Running her tongue back up my sack and up the shaft she quickly inhales my throbbing penis again.

At this point she knew I couldn't take much more so she began to pick up the pace. I grabbed her head telling her how great she was and that if she keeps it up I'm going to cum. With this bit of encouragement she begins to pick up her pace and I grab her head forcing her to go faster. 

"Oh God!" I scream out as the first waves of cum begins to hit her in the back of the throat. Gagging a little bit I continue to pull load after load into her mouth till some begins to dribble out onto my balls. As I stop cumming she keeps sucking until I force her to stop. Grinning she leans down and licks the cum off my balls.

"Ahhh." She says "nothing like a mouthful of cum first thing in the morning!" Giggling she hops off the bed and heads to the shower. Turning back around she winks at me and ask. "Well are you coming?"

Out of the shower we were sitting around the house eating some breakfast when Kristi couldn't take it anymore. Grinning from ear to ear she purred "I have a surprise for you tonight. One you will never forget"

Part 2- The Surprise

Kristi and I have always had a great sex life. We are very adventurous having had sex in many different places. If we have fantasies we tell each other and try to do it if we feel comfortable about it. So when one of us tells the other we have a surprise it usually involves fulfilling a fantasy.

Well tonight would clearly be no different. We started the evening out on the town at an expensive restaurant. We both had a little something to drink to help us loosen up for her surprise tonight. Kristi was looking killer in a tight but short red dress that hugged her body in all the right places. On the way over she had told me she wasn't wearing any panties. 

We were seated at a little square table for four but being the two of us we choose to sit next to each other. We were both extremely horny at this point so we were rubbing and feeling each other up through out our whole meal. At one point I even fingered her freshly shaven pussy while we were waiting for out food. Having noticed a couple of guys checking her out all throughout dinner, Kristi deliberately spread her legs to give them a clear shot of her pussy as we got up to leave. 

Once in the car we began to make out heavily. I started rubbing her tits and pussy as she felt up my dick. On the way back I even fingered her to an amazing orgasm. Once she had came it was my turn. About 10 minutes away from our apartment she began to suck on my needy cock. I still hadn't cum yet when we pulled up outside our apartment building but she wouldn't let me up. Now that I wasn't driving I gave into the feelings she was causing and shot another huge load into her mouth. Having swallowed it all she kissed me and we went inside.

When we went inside I finally saw my surprise. Sitting on the couch kissing each other was two of Kristi's friends and co-workers Jamie and Kelly. I knew that Kristi had sex with some of her female friends in the past but she hadn't done anything with them since we had started dating. I had always told her how much I wanted to watch her and another girl and here it was my surprise. 

These two girls were beautiful. The first one Jamie was a bit on the gothic side. She had dyed her hair purple and red. She had a nose ring and tongue ring and I couldn't wait to see what else might be pierced. She was a little taller then Kristi at 5'5 with a tight ass and small A cup breast. She was a little blue eyed devil.

On the other hand you had Kelly who looked like a little angel with large breast. She had to be at least a C cup though her ass wasn't as nice as Kristi's or Jamie's. Kelly had jet black hair, pale skin and green eyes. In short all three of these girls were beautiful.

I was hard instantly and all three of them noticed. Kristi went over to great her friends giving them both a deep, long and passionate kiss. "Okay baby follow us to the bedroom" Kristi told me. Like an obedient puppy I followed hardly able to believe my good fortune at this wonderful surprise. When I got to the bedroom I saw that the girls had already set things up. There were candles and red scarves over the lamps to give the room a sensuous feel. There was also a dinning room chair in the room to. 

"Sit!" commanded Jamie. I did as I was told and Kristi moved to my left and Kelly to my right. They took my wrist and handcuffed them to the arms of the chair. Next they pulled off my shoes, socks, pants and underwear then handcuffed my legs to the chair as well.

Smiling seductively at me Kristi teasingly told me, "Well you said you always wanted to watch and this way we will know that's all you are doing."

With that said the three girls moved to together for a triple kiss before they slowly began to strip each other naked. The first one topless was Kelly and the other two girls took a nipple each and began to suck. Kelly was moaning and withering on the bed with pleasure. Kristi then removed her panties and began to lick Kelly's tight little pussy. From where I was seated I could clearly see how wet she was and the little heart shaped patch of pussy hair she had.

Jamie came up behind Kristi and pulled her by her hair away from Kelly's wet pussy. Kissing her deeply Jamie started to unzip my girlfriends dress and let it fall to the ground. Jamie then forced Kristi down on her knees and made her lick her wet and shaved pussy. Kelly came up to Jamie and removed the girl's bra. With that off all three of the girls were naked in front of me.

Kelly moved down to the floor and laid down so that she could position her self to start licking Kristi's very damp cunt. All the while Jamie is telling my girlfriend things like, "That's right bitch lick that pussy," and "you're such a little slut I can't wait to fuck you like one." With the three of them before me and my hands cuffed to the chair I was going crazy with need.

While I continued to watch all three girls began to cum one right after the other. Kristi was the first to cum thanks to Kelly's licking and Jamie's dirty talk. Seeing Kristi cumming then set off Jamie followed by Kelly who was furiously fucking herself.

After the three girls calmed down Jamie went around the bed and grabbed a strap-on she had hidden. The cock was big and I knew who would be the first to get fucked tonight. To my surprise Kelly came up to me and said "You poor thing you look like you could just explode at any minute." With that she dropped to her knees and began slowly sucking my cock.

While Kelly was sucking my cock Jamie told Kristi to climb up on the bed and to get on her hands and knees. While facing me Jamie moved up behind my girlfriend and began to slowly push her big hard cock into her waiting pussy. Seeing this I knew I wouldn't last long but I tried to hold out as long as I could. As I watched my beautiful girlfriend get fucked from behind, hearing her moan and groan with passion, I began to shoot my cum down Kelly's throat. 

To my surprise my cock remained hard as steel and Kelly kept sucking for a few more minutes before getting up and shoving her wet pussy in Kristi's face. Soon Kristi was cumming on the plastic dick and Jamie pulled out. While Kristi was recovering Jamie had take off her strap-on and came to me. "Your girlfriend has always been a great little slut you're lucky to have her," she told me. With that she dropped to her knees and began to suck on my hard cock.

Jamie was sucking me right up to the point that Kristi was ready for more. Moving away from me Jamie and Kelly took up a 69 position and began to lick each others wet pussies. With a wicked smile Kristi walked over to me and asked, "So what do you think of your surprise?" Before I could answer she shoved her tongue in my mouth and I got a little taste of Kelly's juices.

Kristi then turned around and slowly sat down on my hard cock. I could feel just how wet she was as my hard dick slid deep inside of her. Slowly bouncing up and down she began to fuck me as we watched her friends on the ground. We continued to watch the two girls building towards their own orgasms and Kristi began to ride my faster and harder. Jamie and Kelly began to cum at exactly the same time and less then a minute later Kristi began to cum as well. With her pussy clamping tighter on my already over stimulated dick I began to shoot loads of cum deep inside of her pussy. Feeling my cum inside her caused Kristi to have another smaller orgasm. 

Finally spent my dick slowly began to shrink and fell out of her pussy. Kristi got the strength to drop to her knees and lick our cum off of my now placid dick. Once done both Jamie and Kelly got Kristi to sit at the edge of the bed and took turns licking my cum from her pussy. Afterwards they let me up from the chair and all four of us hopped in the shower together. 

Part 3- The Taste Test

It had been a couple of weeks since the surprise and I thought I would give Kristi a treat. As I was leaving work I called her up and told her to put on a skirt with no underwear and a sexy top. When I got to our apartment she came outside to meet me. Grinning I checked out my girlfriend and what she was wearing. She had a short but loose black skirt and a red almost see through top. She clearly had no bra on because you could see her tits just a bouncing as she came running down the stairs to meet me.

"So what are we doing?" Kristi had asked me. I just smiled when I told her, "It's as surprise."

Kristi's surprise was going to be a trip to an adult bookstore a buddy of mine from work told me about. Apparently they have gloryholes there and I know Kristi has been dying to suck some more cocks. Kristi has always had a love for oral. It didn't matter to her if she was sucking on a cock, pussy, or breast she just loved it. When we pulled up I could see that she was getting pretty excited.

As soon as we went inside Kristi started looking around and went to the wall were they had a bunch of sex toys. As she was browsing them I went up to the sales guy and asked for $5 in tokens for the video booths in the back. Once given the tokens I went up to Kristi and asked if she found anything she liked. Nodding she pointed out a couple of interesting vibrators and glass dildos she wanted. We soon found ourselves glancing around at the different videos before I pointed to the back of the store where the booths were set up in the back.

Guiding her back there I chose a booth that was in the middle of the room and we went inside. The room was small with a bench on one wall and a small screen TV on the wall. I put in our tokens and told her to pick a movie. Kristi began to browse and found a movie all about orgies. As we were watching the movie we had both gotten really excited. My dick was straining in my shorts wanting to get out and Kristi had her skirt hiked up slowly fingering her wet pussy. 

After only a few minutes of watching we heard someone enter the booth next to us. As we continued to watch our movie I noticed an eye appear at a hole in the wall. We were being watched by someone. Kristi still hadn't noticed the stranger watching her when all of a sudden a semi hard dick came through the hole. 

Kristi squealed for me to look. I nodded and told her this was her surprise. A room where people put their dicks in a hole in the hopes someone would suck them. She asked if it was alright and I just kissed her and said enjoy.

Dropping down to her knees she reached and grabbed the hardening dick. She began to stroke it and give little kisses to the head of the cock. The now fully erect dick stood about 7 inches and Kristi began to suck it down. She would alternate speed from fast to slow. Pulling it out of her mouth she would lick all around the head before devouring it once again. She blew this lucky guy like a pro and after only about five minutes he was shooting his load all over Kristi's tongue and chin. There was a role of paper towels on the wall and Kristi quickly cleaned off her face.

"Well that was fun," Kristi was beginning to say when anther dick appeared. This dick, unlike the last one, was small. Already hard it looked only to be about 5 inches and wasn't very big around either. Shrugging her shoulders Kristi start to stroke this tiny cock and almost instantly it began to cum all over the floor. Frowning at the mess and the quickly disappearing cock Kristi looked mad for all the wasted cum.

As we waited for another cock I told her to strip out of her clothes so they won't be covered in cum when we go to leave. As she did this I pulled my hard dick out and slowly began to stroke it. Kristi was just about to start sucking it when one cock and then another appeared from opposite sides of the booth. This time she was not disappointed. The dick on the left was black and 9 inches long and thick. The white dick on the right was around 8 inches but skinnier. Down on her knees Kristi was stroking both cocks and taking turns sucking them. From time to time she would even stop to suck on my rock hard cock as she stroked the other two big dicks. These two dicks lasted a lot longer then the first two. The black dick lasted almost 20 minutes and the white one had cum only a few minutes before.

Kristi was having the time of her life sucking dick after dick and drinking loads of cum. Some times she would let the cocks cum on her face or tits others she would just swallow it all. While we would wait for another dick to appear she would suck or ride my raging hard on. We were there for almost two hours and I had already came one time all over a face and tits. Since it was getting late we decided one more cock and that would be it. 

The last cock appeared in the wall and it was huge. This dick stood almost 12 inches long and pretty thick. We had seen dozens of dicks today and this one was by far the largest. Kristi was shocked by its size. I was curious if she could suck it all down or not. Never one to back down from a challenge Kristi began to suck on this cock. She was taking more and more of the monster in front of her but was having trouble. Eventually she was able to get about 10 inches down her throat but that was it.

As she was sucking, licking and stroking that large dick I moved behind her and start to fuck her soaking wet pussy. We eventually developed a great rhythm of her sucking and me fucking. It didn't take very long for all three of us to begin cumming. Kristi was the first to cum and with her tight pussy clamping down on my hard dick I to was soon cumming filling my girlfriend up with my semen. Hearing us cum must have been to much for mister 12 inch because he started shooting pump after pump of cum down Kristi's throat. As the cock vanished back into the wall the two of us grabbed our clothes and got dressed.

As we were heading back into the store I saw the clerk unlocking the front door. As we were heading out the door I heard him say, "Thanks and come back soon!"

Part 4- Oops Busted

I had the day off so I decided to surprise Kristi with some lunch. I brought her some food and we decided to eat in her office. Clearly tense I walked up to Kristi as she ate and began to give her a back rub. She began to tell me what had her so tensed up while I continued her message. Feeling a little frisky I decided to make the massage a little more fun. I began to move my hands down the front of her shirt towards her beautiful breast.

I began to slowly tease her tits. I would move my hand all around the breast and only lightly brush a nipple causing her to gasp. Pinching and tweaking her nipples had Kristi in a state of animal lust and had me ready to fuck her. I then stand her up and unbutton her business pants and slip them and her thong off.

Sitting her on the edge of her desk I sit back in her chair moving her feet to the arms of her seat so that she is spread wide for me. I kiss my way up one thigh and down the other. I lick all around her waiting pussy lips and just graze my finger over her wet pussy. I kept teasing her until she finally had enough and grabbed my head and slammed into her aching pussy. I began to lick up her flowing juices. Shoving my tongue deep inside I used my tongue like a many dick going as deep as I could to get to her juices. I was licking up and down growing ever closer to her hard clit but not yet ready to touch it.

Finally when she was begging me to make her cum I latch on to her hard clit sucking with all my might. She had to stifle a scream as she began to cum hard on my tongue. I kept her cumming one orgasm and then another. When she had finally stopped cumming she just laid back panting on her desk.

Before she even knew what was happening I had my pants off and I was stuffing my aching dick deep inside that wet cunt. Fucking her for all she was worth it wasn't long before Kristi was panting hard and ready to cum again. I put both her legs up on my shoulders so I could really get deep inside of her. With my dick in deep and my balls slapping her wet pussy over and over again she finally came one more time.

Not able to stand I had Kristi role over her desk and I took my pussy juice covered dick and slowly began to stick in her tight little asshole. I guess we just lost track of the time because when I was nearing my orgasm we heard a knock at the door. Apparently time wasn't the only thing we had forgotten because her boss came walking through the unlocked door. We were busted and all of a sudden my need to cum seem to go away as did my hard dick.

We were busted. Flustered her boss Mr. Roberson was shocked to see what we had been doing but he quickly recovered and closed the door. Unlike us however Mr. Roberson didn't forget to lock the door behind him.

"Well Kristi it seems we have a little problem here," stated Mr. Roberson. "We can't just have peopling using the office as their private bedroom. So what are we going to do about this?"

Kristi was desperate and said the only thing she could. "Please Mr. Roberson I will do anything you want."

"Prove it," was all he said. With that Kristi took off the remainder of her clothes and walked over to her boss. Kneeling before him she unzipped his pants and pulled out his now hard cock. She started sucking his hard cock making her boss moan. While Roberson was getting one of the blowjobs of his life I moved down to my girlfriend's wet pussy and started to lick it again.

We stayed like that for about ten minutes just enjoying the oral pleasure when Roberson finally decides that he was ready to fuck my girlfriend. He bends her over one of the chairs in her office and begins to just fuck the hell out of her pussy. This was a very rough fuck. He was pulling her hair and slapping her ass and she loved every minute of it. He kept this pace up for longer then I would have thought he could causing her to have two orgasms. After her second one he pulled out and told her to turn around. Just as she got in position facing him he shot a huge load all over her face and tits.
