 If you have been reading the previous stories about my new very personal assistant Marie, you'll know that she has turned out to be a great addition to the company and a great influence on me. At this point, she has helped increase corporate morale and effectiveness with her talent for selecting just the right VPA for my senior executives, helped me close significant deals with many key accounts, organized a bonding exercise for the executives, encouraged me to purchase a corporate getaway in Jamaica, and has taken my life to someplace people only dream about. She has really gotten my attention. 

After our morning with Melissa across the hall in her suite, Marie and I went back to our room to get ready for a pre-show staff meeting. We showered together again and I carefully put lotion on Marie's labia. She could barely walk. 

"Could you imagine that thing in my ass? It would kill me."

"How does Jamie do it? She is so small."

"They told me during their interview they have been fucking like rabbits almost every day since they were thirteen. She must be stretched to accommodate him easily. And she is very limber. To hear her tell it, when she caught a glimpse of his immense dick she couldn't control her desire – or should I say lust. She pleaded with him for three weeks to fuck her and he finally gave in. It was all desire and pleasure from then on."

"How come I couldn't have a sister like that?"

"I didn't know you had a sister." She answered as we dried off.

"She is four years older than me and I used to fantasize a little about her when I hit puberty. Nothing ever came of it – she was way too inhibited for anything like that. Anyway, she must still be that way. She has been married four times and has no kids. Too late now."

"That's tragic not to know the kind of pleasure there is in sex. I have an admission too. My brother, the one that died ten years ago, and I used to talk a lot about playing but we never did anything really serious. I think we were either afraid of what our parents would say or even more afraid that we might like it. We did play touchy feely – it was the first dick I ever touched – bit it never went any further except in privacy and alone."

I laughed a little and answered "funny how brothers and sisters who love each other never get the chance to share it another way. It must be very different. But anyway – we better hurry I can hear the guys setting up next door."

We quickly dressed and opened the connecting door to see the table set, the food and drink in place and the rest of the team already there. The guys were in slacks or shorts and company polo's and the girls were in various states of exposure from short-shorts and halters to diaphanous blouses and short skirts and clearly nothing else. What a team.

We laid out the plans for all and gave each of us an assignment. The girls came up with a contest which gave a silly prize to the VPA who could get the most existing customers to cum in one of the "meeting rooms" and another equally silly prize for the VPA who could land new customers, complete with purchase contracts, thru similar tactics. We adjourned to the deck outside the room for some drinks and a light lunch. 

No sooner than we were all on the deck then the girls started shedding clothes to get a little sun bathing in. Within minutes they were all equally nude and laying around on the chaises and chairs while they ate. Tom was the first to join them and was soon followed by the rest of us.

I never heard the bell ring but whoever it was had a key. As I turned to get a drink refill I saw Melissa, Jamie and James walking toward me. Jamie had on the same see-thru robe, Melissa had on a short silky thing and, based on the jiggle, little else. James was hanging out. As he rounded the couch I heard the girls all gasp and Marie giggle.

"See" Marie said, "I told you it was big!" James was going to be a big hit for the girls who quickly crowded around him and started fondling his dick and balls. He had this enormous grin on.

Jamie went over to Mike who was already sprouting a modest hard-on and cozied up to him purring something about what a nice tan he had. She led him away into one of the bedrooms and Annette, his VPA was right behind holding Jamie's hand. Looked like a threesome was in the making. Not two minutes later we heard them having some fun. Jamie and Annette were both being pretty loud so I went over to see what was going on.

There was Mike on his back with Jamie impaled on his dick and Annette squatting over his face. Mike had three fingers of one hand and his tongue in Annette's pussy and the other hand squeezing Jamie's tits. He clearly was not going to last very long. 

Jamie was bouncing up and down as if it was going to be the last time she got fucked. She was screaming something about deeper and harder the whole time. Annette grabbed one of Jamie's tits and started hard squeezing along with Mike. All that did was make Jamie scream louder and pound harder. 

Annette was the first to got off as Mike pumped her pussy with his fingers and tongued her clit. She must have cum a bunch because Mike's face was covered in juice and she was screaming. Mike came next but Jamie didn't let up and kept pounding him until she ultimately came herself. The three collapsed into a heap and all those that had gathered to watch clapped. 

I felt a hand on my hip. I though it was probably Marie so I didn't turn around. When the hand came around and grabbed my dick I looked down. It wasn't Marie's hand so I turned to see who it was. To my surprise it was Veronica from HR. She was all flushed and breathing a little irregular.

"Hey" I said as she led me to the wall.

"Nice. Can I get some of this without upsetting you or Marie?" she asked holding my dick.

I looked over to see Marie. She had on a big grin - clearly she set this up. Veronica had not been to any of the bonding exercises in Jamaica yet so this was going to be her first with me. I looked at her eagerly. She had great size B tits with huge nipples and very flat stomach and great long legs – the kind that wrap around your head just right. I reached up and fondled her left tit. She moaned and slowly and gently stroked my dick. As I played with her nipples they got hard and long. She was moaning louder and gripping tighter.

"Let's go somewhere more horizontal" she offered and I led her off to my bedroom. Somehow or another Marie got there before us and was sitting on the chair with her legs over each arm and James squatting in front of her. Her head was back and James had his hands holding back her labia as he licked her up and down – ass to clit – over and over. I knew she loved it.

"Looks like fun" Veronica said as she sat on the edge of the bed and spread her legs. Her pussy was shaved clean. She had huge labia that opened like a tulip as she spread her legs ever wider.

"That looks good enough to eat" I quipped.

"Yes please" was all I got for an answer. I pushed her back on the bed, crawled between her legs and gently licked one side. 

"Ohhhh myyyyyyyyy that's good. More please"

I increased the pressure and the length of my tongue strokes as I alternated from one side to the other. I pressed one finger into her and received another pleasure moan for response. As I continued to lick I slowly pumped the one finger in and out and used my thumb to excite her clit. I added another finger and then another. She was shaking by that time and I expected that she was on the verge of an orgasm. It didn't take long. She grabbed my head and pulled my face into her pussy, wrapped those long legs around my head, and let out a long and slow growl dumping her cum into my waiting mouth. She tasted great. That's when I heard Marie cum with a scream.

"More – please sir!" I heard Veronica plead.

"I have just the thing for your desire." I responded and called James over to the bed.

"James – this lady needs your talented tool." And had him face Veronica. His dick was standing straight out like a ten foot pole.

"My god I want that thing!" Veronica squealed. "Its huge!"

Even as lubed up as she already was from her orgasm and my saliva, James had some difficulty getting his dick in her. As he gently pushed further and further into her pussy all I could hear was "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god uuuggghhhhhhhhh oh my god... more".

When his dick was all the way in she wrapped her legs around him. "Now fuck the shit out of me" she commanded.

"Not yet" James responded and started pounding her pussy with his massive cock. Veronica was grunting and pleaded for him to fuck her harder as she pulled her legs back further. I could see the sweat on his back from his exertion.

With a sudden motion he buried himself in her, reached down and flipped her on top of him – never losing a beat. She unlocked her legs and straddled him. No sooner was she set than she started riding him fast and hard grunting loudly each time she hit bottom.

I came up behind her and pushed her down on to his chest. He looked up and smiled at me while he held him to her. She was rocking her pelvis simulate him pushing in and out with his massive dick. She was pounding him pretty hard. Marie knew exactly what was coming having been there herself many times. She reached down and pumped my dick until it was hard. She knelt down and sucked me making sure I was well lubricated with her spit. Then she let go and maneuvered my dick to Veronica's ass. She already had two fingers in there making a wider opening. She removed them getting a "noo – don't stop" from Veronica. She quickly replaced them with the head of my dick.

Veronica stopped long enough to long back and smile. She reached back with her hands and spread her cheeks as wide as she could.

"Oh yes – that's right" she said. "You should fuck me too! Stick that thing in hard and fast – I need it now!"

I positioned myself and in one stroke buried my cock all the way in her wide ass opening. She bucked and screamed and then started a rocking motion. James and I got into the rhythm and she was soon going crazy. Marie got up and on the bed and I started squeezing her tits. James reached up and inserted two fingers in her pussy and worked them in and out pressing her clit with his thumb. She shifted her position enough to straddle James face. With his fingers still pumping her he resumed licking and biting her clit. She was ramping up for another massive orgasm.

Veronica was in her own lust filled world as James and I pumped and pounded her two holes. She was mewing like a cat in heat as she pushed back onto our two dicks. She was flushed all over and there was a gleam of sweat on her back and chest. Her hair was soaked from her intensely physical sexual motions .

"Oh man am I getting fucked good. You guys are sooooo great. Deeper now, deeper and harder....that's it fuck me." then she would go into her "oh my god" mantra again. 

I couldn't hold on much longer and said so. James stopped sucking Marie and encouraged me to try to time us all together. Marie came with a scream as James reattached his lips to her clit. Veronica screamed she was cuming and her ass clamped down on my dick and her pussy started pulsing. That was it for me – I pushed all the way in and dumped a huge load. James groaned and pushed his massive dick in to his balls and unloaded a flood. I could feel his warm cum squirting into Veronica on my dick that was still buried up her ass and could feel the dampness as his cum pushed past her labia. 

We all collapsed on the bed. I looked at Marie and she was grinning like the proverbial cat that swallowed the bird.

Veronica was the first to speak as she got her breathing under control. "James, your dick is the biggest and hardest thing I have ever had in my pussy. I really must do you again soon. And Jack, you are the master ass fucker of all time. Thank you – thank you – thank you both for a fabulous fuck. Marie – you are the best for getting me hooked with this group. I'll love you forever."

"Indeed my pleasure" Marie responded. James and I were still breathing hard as we nodded our agreement. We started laughing as the crowd that we didn't know had been watching clapped. Manny came over and helped Veronica out of the bed. James rolled over leaving Marie curled under my arm to sleep it off.

It didn't last long and Melissa came in with Jamie and curled up next to us. Melissa had cum dripping out of her pussy and down her leg and Jamie looked like she came out of the shower. She was soaked with sweat.

"What the hell happened to you?" Marie asked Jamie.

"Nothing much – Melissa and I took on everyone else while you guys were playing in here. What a fucking orgy you missed - pussy and fingers and dicks everywhere and in and over everything. I am fucked out and Melissa is fucked speechless. We each took on three guys and two women at once. Poor thing never knew what hit her when she came. I just couldn't stop cuming. We need sleep!"

"So go back to your own place" I suggested.

"And miss all the fun?" she answered as she wrapped herself around James and Melissa and dropped off to sleep.

I leaned my lips near to Marie's ear and whispered "see what you started?"

She answered from her half consciousness "I sure hope you aren't upset. I would have to work you extra hard to redeem myself."

I just chuckled and kissed her forehead. I was out in ten seconds.