 I was on my way to Miss Alexis' place and feeling a bit more excited than usual. I normally visited her once a month for an outstanding massage. The past few times a happy ending was involved.

Last month, though, was different. After an invigorating and sensual rub down she worked her way down my stomach to my cock. Holding my balls in one hand, she slowly caressed them while she slid her other beautiful hand up and down my cock. I always try to hold off as long as possible, but she knows how to make me cum, and this time I came sooner rather than later because she slid one finger down past my balls and touched my butt hole. She put pressure on it while moving her index finger in a circle. Her left hand sped up a bit and at the last second she pushed her finger inside my ass, as far as she could. The orgasm was explosive and my cock sent out a few more ropes of cum than it normally did. It seemed like I would never stop cumming, but when I did I opened my eyes to see her smiling at me. "Oh, you liked that I see. Glad to give you a little something extra this time."

I was a bit perplexed. I had never experienced any asshole play before, thinking it was only for gay men? Was I really gay, or did I just like my butt played with? 

She cleaned me up and I got dressed. I gave her the usual fee plus a larger than normal tip. She said "Thanks Mitch. See you next time, and maybe we'll take that a little further."

And that is what had me a bit more excited this time as I drove to her studio. What could it be? Part of me was apprehensive and part of me was filled with anticipation. Miss Alexis met me at the door with a big smile, wearing, to my delight a red tank top sans bra and a pair of white boy shorts. Her long blonde hair looked more beautiful than ever. Her blue eyes seemed to glisten like a mischievous teenager. She looked so hot I wanted to fuck her right there! She directed me to our usual room, where I disrobed and took my position on the table. We were long since past any semblance of modesty so Alexis didn't even bother to leave the room. Totally naked, I turned on to my stomach and she began the rub down. She used this awesome oiled that smelled like coconut, and with the soft tropical music playing in the background I was whisked away to a sandy Caribbean beach in my mind. As she worked her way down my back I felt her once again slip a finger down the valley between my ass cheeks. Alexis paused just a moment before once again rubbing my butt hole. 

It was at this point she leaned over and whispered "I'm a little warm myself, Mitch, do you mind if I take my top off?" I could hardly believe my luck! Of course I said "no, help yourself." A brief pause again and then once more I could feel the pressure at my asshole. She apparently had used a lot of the coconut oil, because when she pressed a little more it slipped right into my back door. Wow! What a feeling! She bent her finger a bit and started an in and out motion that was hitting, I guess, my prostate. That felt so intense that I could feel my cock getting rock hard. It dawned on me that I was being finger fucked by this beautiful creature.

"Ok soldier, on your back" she suddenly said, breaking me out of my trance. As I turned over my rock hard cock became even harder as her beautiful tits came into view. My God! They weren't huge but they were big enough and stood straight out. No sag there, and her nipples were so hard it looked like they might be painful! My cock took another twitch as I imagined what I might do with them. "Like what you see, I guess" she giggled. Then, once again she started the oil rubdown.

After about 15 minutes of working on my chest and arms, she grabbed the oil bottle and poured it freely on my shaft, and grabbing it with both hands, started to jack me off. It was only a few minutes when she said "Mitch, I have something new in mind for you today. Are you game?" I replied, "Alexis, I trust you totally. You have never steered me wrong yet."

That was when she moved to the foot of the massage table, reached underneath each corner, and folded up some supports that looked a lot like what you would see gynecologist's office! What the hell? What was this all about?

She saw my startled look, smiled and said "Mitch, I know it looks strange but I promise you will love this. You said you trusted me, right?" She had me there, so I complied as she beckoned me to slide down the table a bit and put my foot in the stirrups, whereas she strapped my legs into place. Two pillows behind my head, and I was set for whatever...I guess. I felt totally exposed down there. I could even feel a breeze across my asshole from the air conditioning! It was at this point that Alexis smiled at me, and slid her boy shorts down to her ankles and kicked them off. Oh my God, my cock just found another degree of hardness! Her beautiful pussy was trimmed down to a small landing strip, which only enhanced its allure. Instantly I thought of how I wanted to run my tongue up and down her slit.

Then, she reached under the table and brought out a ....strap on harness! Holy Crap! I had read about this, seen videos about this, but never entertained the idea for myself. She chose a medium size fake cock and screwed it in to place. "You're going to love this honey, I just know you will. And there is a little clit massager on the back side of this so I can enjoy it with you."

With that she walked to the end of the table and positioned herself between my widespread legs. I saw her rub some lubricant on the end of her cock, and then felt her slathering a bunch of it on and in my hole as well.

She took a half step forward and I felt the head of the thing at my butt hole. Then a little pressure, and it slid in just a little bit. Luckily she had chosen a smallish cock, because I certainly wasn't used to this, and I was not gay! Little by little, I felt the cock slide into my passage. It felt really strange and filling. After a minute or so she paused, and by now I guess it was all the way in me! Wow! How about that? 

Alexis grinned at me and started an in and out motion. It was going a little easier now and my butt had loosened up a bit. Back and forth, back and forth. I could see she was enjoying it too as that certain looked was coming over her face that women get when they're getting off. She picked up the speed a bit and said "I'm fucking you Mitch, did you ever think you would see the day?" Hell no!" I replied. At that point, and I'm almost ashamed to admit this, it was starting to feel great. Sort of a "never felt this feeling before" great. She knew too, as evidenced by her all-knowing smile. Now I stared to focus on her tits again as I enjoyed the ride. That was when this guy walked into the room. "Hey!" I yelled, startled. I looked at Alexis, who never missed a beat on pounding that cock into my asshole. She said "This is Eric, he is my assistant. He's just here to help."

This was turning out to be one strange evening. But as I turned my gaze to Eric I felt my cock give a twitch. Eric looked to be about 16, but I knew you had to be at least 18 to work in these places so I guess he was that. A smaller, mixed race guy he only stood about 5-6 and weighed maybe 140 tops. He had a great body, firm and tight with cocoa brown skin. Oh, and did I mention? Naked except for a red thong.

He didn't say a word, but smiled at me, walked to the center of the table, and grabbed my cock. Shit! Now I have a woman fucking me with a dildo and a guy about to jack me off?! He put new oil on my cock and began to slide his hand up and down the shaft. I was afraid to let myself feel how good this was. Alexis was hitting that thing I guess was my prostate, while Eric was doing a masterful job of massaging my cock. I was finding out that no one gives a better hand job than another guy. The feeling in my body was intensifying and I was beginning to wonder how good this orgasm was going to be!

At which point; another surprise. Eric backed away from the table, leaving my cock lusting for his touch. He grabbed the top of his thong and slid it to the floor. Oh my. What a cock that kid had. Not too big in girth, but about 7" long, and cut. His brown skin made him look like a Greek God.

He suddenly came up to my end of the table, stepped on a short stool, and put his cock right in front of my face. "Go ahead man, you know you want to."

I did NOT want to. Did I? I kept looking at his cock slowly harden as the thought of me giving him a blowjob made him aroused. I looked at Alexis and she gave me a smile and a nod. She was now perspiring like crazy now and looking like she was about to cum. But she kept fucking me, and by now I was certain I would do this again. The feeling was out of this world. 

I turned my head back to Eric's cock and put my hand on it. I felt it stiffen. He leaned forward and I let him slide his cock into my mouth. It felt warm, soft and hard at the same time. I could feel the crown of his cock head with my tongue, and started working on it, rotating my tongue all the way around the shaft and sucking softly on the tip. I was curious as to how much of him I could take, so I slid over a bit on the table and took Eric as far as I could down my throat. Hey, no problem! I grabbed his balls with one hand and gently massaged them.

Truth be told, I was enjoying this. The feel of his stiff cock in my hand and in my mouth was electrifying, It turned me on so much I thought I was going to lose my load!

Right about then Eric said "Ok man, thanks but I'm going to come soon and we have more in mind for you yet." There's more? How could there possibly be more?

Alexis slowed her assault on my rear passage and gradually pulled her fake cock out of my ass. "No, I moaned, we're not done yet!" "We sure aren't" she said as she backed away from the table.

Eric took her place at the end of the table and between my legs. That's when I realized what was next. "Too much" I said, "I'm not ready for this! "Yes you are honey, you're more than ready." Alexis replied. She walked to the head of the table, crawled up on top, and situated herself in a 69 position over top of me. "Does this help?" She grinned, looking at me upside down. Hell yes it helps, you could have a dog fuck my ass if I get to eat Alexis' gorgeous slit. She lowered her hips to my waiting lips. Her cunt was absolutely dripping pussy juice on to my face. Her fantastic tits swayed back and forth as she took my cock into her mouth. I slid my tongue up and over her clit and she moaned in pleasure. She was doing an excellent job on my engorged cock head too. 

That was when I felt his cock touch my asshole. Eric held it there for just a moment before beginning to slide it forward into my hole. It was a little bigger in girth than the strap-on, so I could feel my ass passage stretch a little more. Soon, though, I could feel his balls against my ass and I knew he was all the way in. A momentary pause, and he began the seesaw in and out.

Then, he picked up speed. He fucked me with wild abandon and I loved it. He played with my balls as Alexis gave me the best blowjob I'd had in a lifetime. All the time, I was in heaven draining the pussy juice from her cunt into my mouth, and fondling her fantastic tits.

I knew we couldn't last long as this and pretty soon I felt Eric's cock expanding in my ass. My own balls were beginning to burn with that familiar feeling of a cum load about to erupt.

I moaned "Are we ready?" Eric gave a nod and Alexis shook her head. I was the first to go as I stopped fighting it and let that load of cum release itself from my balls, travel up my cock shaft, and spew into Alexis' warm mouth. At the same time, she started to shake like she was sitting on a Sybian. I thought she was dripping before, my God! Now it was an actual flow of cunt juice into my mouth and I drank it down.

Aaahhhh! I was into my second rope of cum release when I head Eric moan, felt a warm wet feeling in my asshole, and realized he was dumping his young load into me. He thrust a few more times like he was trying to drill a hole in the wall. The feeling of his cock ramming back and forth between his hot load of cum is something I will never forget. I looked down at Alexis and my cum was flowing down the sides of my cock now, her being unable to contain all the load in her mouth. Her body continue to vibrate as her orgasm played out. Eric pumped my ass with his cock a few more times and just stopped, still buried into my tight ass. It felt comfortable.

And then it was over. We all looked at each other and laughed. What a fuck session! Alexis climbed down and went to the end of the table where she kneeled down to lick up the cum draining from my asshole. Eric stepped to the table and took my cock back in his mouth to clean up the leftovers.

And me? I drove home thinking that this had been the best night of my life.