 If you have been reading the previous stories about my new very personal assistant Marie, you'll know that she has turned out to be a great addition to the company and a great influence on me. At this point, she has helped increase corporate morale and effectiveness with her talent for selecting just the right VPA for my senior executives, helped me close significant deals with many key accounts, organized a bonding exercise for the executives and VPAs, encouraged me to purchase a corporate getaway in Jamaica, and has taken my life to someplace people only dream about. She had really gotten my attention. Now she has organized a contest to see which VPA can land the most new customer and new business.

*

I awoke slowly from our afternoon fuck-fest. Marie was curled up under my arm with her head on my chest. One of her hands was casually and gently gripping my dick as she purred in her sleep. I immediately became aware of the intoxicating smell of her – that just-fucked smell that begs for more. It caused my mind to wander for a couple of minutes thinking about what she had done for my life and my company. To think, this had all started as a plan to get a sex slave. I got a lot more than I bargained for and I wasn't complaining one bit.

I felt some stirring and looked over to the other side of the bed. Melissa, Jaime and James were like one big flesh pretzel with arms and legs intertwined. Melissa and James were fast asleep, tired from their marathon, but I could tell that Jamie was awakening. 

I had to relieve myself so I slowly lifted Marie's arm, cradled her head onto the pillow, and rolled out of the bed. She never missed a purr. When I passed the doorway to the rest of the suite I could see everyone else sprawled out on the couches and cushions on the floor, naked and asleep - paired off in whatever position and with whomever they were when they finally collapsed from sexual exhaustion. Some of the guys dicks were still buried in their partner's pussy or ass – probably now stuck from dried cum.

I quietly closed the door to the bathroom and lifted the lid to the toilet. As I was peeing I felt rather than heard that someone come in behind me. I just kept peeing.

"Need some help with that sailor?" said a soft voice. Two hands came around my waist and grabbed my dick holding the stream of piss steady into the toilet. It was Jamie.

"Hey – I thought you were asleep" I said about casually as I could considering the current situation. It was a little weird to have her holding my dick while I pissed.

"I felt you get out of bed and had to pee too. I also realized you were the only one I hadn't fucked. So what do you say to that?"

"I guess I had better finish so you can go" which I did at that moment. She quickly shook any drips off, grabbed a tissue and wiped me and then pushed me aside. 

"I just love doing that" she said. She put the seat down and sat without ever letting go of my cock. I immediately heard her piss hitting the water and my deposit as well. Shit that was kinky.

"No modesty for you huh?" I offered.

"What are you seeing now that you haven't already seen and played with?" she asked.

"Point noted."

"Come here Jack" she said pulling me closer. With me standing and her sitting her mouth was exactly the right height. She opened her mouth and sucked me in all the way. I could feel the back of her throat drop open for my hardening dick like when a snake swallows a large mouse. Her mouth and throat felt like the inside of a warm and inviting pussy. She bobbed her head back and forth taking me all the way in and letting me all the way out with each stroke. Her tongue was doing great things to the bottom of my dick and her lips felt incredible as they massaged the sides. She gave fabulous head and, based on her moans, enjoyed giving it. I couldn't help but respond. Amazingly, I grew harder and harder, despite the day so far and how often I had cum. 

She reached under and massaged my balls, rolling them back and forth with her fingers as she buried me in her throat time after time. She was humming at the same time and the feeling was stimulating me even further. It wasn't going to take me long – I felt my balls tighten and so did she. She squeezed them a little to slow me down. Too late. Once again she took me all the way down her throat and held me there for what seemed like minutes doing something with her throat that felt like she was massaging my dick. I couldn't hold out any longer – that feeling of being that deep in her throat was amazing. I came in spurts that I wouldn't have believed I could produce. She swallowed it all and licked me clean. 

"You have a nice sized dick Jack, just the right size for most women to get intense pleasure from. I really like it a lot and your cum tastes sweet too. I could have a regular diet of it! I envy Marie for the access to it regularly."

"We'll have to see about that" I answered carefully. I didn't want to upset Marie or Melissa. I knew Melissa really cared about getting her daily lesbian encounter and James relied on Jaime's pussy and ass to service his enormous cock. Apparently her throat as well.

I deflected the subject a little. "That was amazing head – how did you learn to do that thing with your throat and tongue?"

"Partly out of necessity because of James' size. I had to learn to take all of that big beautiful dick of his because we both like to give and receive head. My lust for my brother was so intense that I just had to have his monster in my throat, not just my ass and pussy. I used to practice on corn and cucumbers until I got it to work without hurting. Then I graduated to a large dildo he gave me which I had used that for other things too. Now it is shear joy for me and whoever – especially my brother."

"It certainly was for me" I responded, and meant it. "I am going to take a badly needed shower." I said, changing the subject, and started the water. "Care to join me?"

"No – but thanks. I reserve that bit of intimacy for James so I'll go shower at Melissa's place and see you later" and she left after flushing. When I finished the hot shower and dried off I walked into the room. Melissa was already gone and James was talking with Marie.

"Hey, James, can I get a minute of your time when you are finished with Marie?"

"I was just leaving – what do you need?"

I looked at Marie and smiled. "I have a proposition for you. If its OK with you, Melissa and Jaime, I would like to change the prize for the contest we are running here at the show, I would like to offer a week at the Jamaica house with us for you and the winning VPA – all expenses paid. Jaime can take the VPA's place for the week. What do you say?"

"Sounds great – let me check with Melissa, I am sure Jaime will be OK." And he left.

Marie was all smiles indicating her immediate approval. "What a great idea Jack – and there isn't one of the girls who doesn't want that humungous tool to play with for a week. It will take a week just to get used to it but think of the week it will be. Yum! I think once is enough for me, though, so I guess I shouldn't compete. "

"Don't be silly – of course you should – you just don't have to do a whole week with James if you don't wish to. I'll be there as well and, if you win, so will Jamie. We can switch off and give you a break!" I said with a smile.

"You are a cad sometimes but it's one of the things I like about you. But two can play that game. Did you have fun with Jaime?" she asked with that same kind of challenge in her voice and a twinkle in her eye. God I loved it when she got that way.

"She gives incredible head – but you already know that" I responded. "I should tell you she envies your ability to have my dick at will. She said so. She also said my cum tasted sweet."

"What a nice thing to say! And she is absolutely right. Should I think about sharing you more?" she suggested coyly.

"That department is fine the way it is for me."

"Right answer stud" she said and turned for the bathroom. "I'm taking a shower and in case you want to take another I always welcome the company, especially if its you– it's a large shower to play in."

"I'll take a rain check and go wake the gang and get them cleaning themselves up for the opening reception at the convention center. We need to make a good showing. I reached for a robe and thought " fuck it - what for" and walked into the other suite totally nude. Most all were up but they were going at each other pretty hard. It was another large orgy with tits, pussy, ass and dick meeting mouth and dick and pussy in wild abandon. 

"Last call" I yelled and everyone stopped because they started laughing so hard. I hadn't thought it was that funny. "We need to be at the convention center in two hours ready to take them all on."

"Oh goody – fresh meat" a small female voice came from somewhere. I think it was Madeline.

"You know that's not what I meant – so go get ready and we'll meet the van downstairs in an hour and forty-five minutes." They all rose and left not bothering to dress. The hotel security guys must have had a field day watching the cameras. 

Two hours later they were all dressed in their respective company uniforms and ready to go. The women had on their VPA dresses that buttoned up the front and clearly had no underwear on – at least no bras. The men had on slacks, a polo and a sport jacket with the company logo. Marie had done a nice job in coordinating the look. She went to each of the women and made sure that the top three buttons and bottom three buttons were open, leaving only four buttons closed. In that way as they walked one would get a great look at their legs and thighs clear up to their crotch as well as their cleavages as their tits bounced around..

"You guys look absolutely fabulous. Let's do it!" I said and jumped into the van.

That evening we mingled with our assigned lists. Marie, Tom and Rachel had put together "must see and talk" lists for each person depending on their role in the company. Each of the VPA's had not only the company logo on their left breast but the stylized VPA logo on their right one. Under each of the VPA logos was their respective department – Finance, Sales, HR, Operations, etc.. It was comical to watch the men bending a little to read the insignias on the girls tits.

My job was to speak to a few CEO's from major suppliers, customers, competitors and potential customers. At the same time I watched the VPA's doing their thing. I would bet there wasn't a man in the place who could deny these women anything when they were in that mode: absolutely sensual, sexual, and broadcasting availability – just for the asking. The plan was to arrange times for potential "targets" to come to our booth and into the "meeting" rooms in the back where the VPA's could have some privacy and do their magic. 

All in all it turned out to be a successful evening as the next day was booked solid. I was totally wrecked from the day's events and Marie and I turned in early. A couple of times during the night I awoke and felt Marie curled up to me as close as she could with her arm over me and her head nestled next to mine – almost sharing the pillow. I would take pleasure in smelling her hair as I fell back to sleep.

We had a brief staff meeting over breakfast and we took off for the convention center. Everyone had on another uniform that looked the same only different colors.

"How many outfits did we spring for?" I asked Marie.

Everyone has two outfits per day – one for days and one for nights. The VPA's know what day to wear which so we are all coordinated. We got such a bargain I couldn't resist." she said with a big smile. I got the impression she liked to spend my money and said so. She just grinned. Based on the appointment list, Marie, Rachel and Annette had the most appointments. 

I had asked Mike to set up surveillance cameras in each of the rooms in addition to the desktops and hook them to my laptop with the huge disk drive. He told me he had enough to record from start to finish everything that occurred in the back rooms – real time. That way we had video if anything nasty came from the events or we needed to help out the ladies in an emergency. It also gave me the ability to watch from the rest area where the laptop was set up. I never thought of myself as a voyeur but the idea of watching those women do their thing was awfully intriguing. I considered the initial reactions of some of the men that Marie had taken on almost as much fun as watching the sex.

For the first shift I was on the desk and didn't get to watch much. It was mostly Madeline and Annette's customers and I was looking forward to watching the reruns as they each produced some results. After the coffee break I was on rest so I sat in the corner and watched the laptop's screen. The computer had both rooms on at the same time. Marie was in one and Veronica in the other. Rachel was on desk and talking to one of her appointments. 

As I watched, Marie leaned over and shook hands with her customer giving a good view down her dress. She sat back down, typed some things into the desktop and hit print. She turned toward the printer at the waste and the top of her dress opened fully. I could clearly see her large tits and excited nipples as she did so and so could the customer. I thought his chin would end up I his lap and, knowing Marie, she was probably a little wet in anticipation. I had the speakers turned off so I couldn't hear what was being said but the intensity was unmistakable. She held the pose long enough for the five pages to print and the customer just stared. She looked back briefly and smiled at him without attempting to cover up.

She sorted the papers and gave them to him for review. He asked some questions and she answered. He initialed each page and signed the last one - Marie cosigned for the company. Marie reached over to the counter, again giving him a nice show, and pulled out the VPA collateral. She talked some more, explaining the program I guess, and then pushed it across the desk. She excused herself as he read it and, taking the contracts, exited the room. She filed the contract away and told me that she had just landed a large contract from one of our major competitor's largest customers and was going to see if he was interested in the VPA program as well. My only answer was: "nice dress – got get him!" She smiled, grabbed her dress and gave me a flash of her marvelous tits, and returned to the booth and back on camera. 

Veronica was apparently having some difficulty but it appeared she was working it out. There was a lot of smiling and arm touching going on. She would get him I was sure. Her dress was almost entirely open showing her bare chest and small cleavage. Nice view for me and the customer.

Marie had another conversation with her customer, I guess about the VPA program, and he filled out the VPA questionnaire and signed it. They shook hands again. This time Marie's hand lingered. She started stroking his hand and leaning over further and further. The dress gapped wider and wider. He stared longer and harder at her tits. She finally stood up and pulled the door closed. Slowly, very slowly, she unbuttoned the four remaining buttons as she swayed back and forth. There was no mistaking the bulge in the poor guy's pants.

Marie just stood there, letting him take her entire body in as she continued the slow seduction. She rolled one shoulder and the dress fell off exposing her entire side. With a shrug she released the other side and the dress fell to the floor. She stood, legs spread and tits proud with her hands on her hips swaying with music that was playing in her head – totally nude. He was a goner. I was aroused just watching.

She walked closer to him and leaned over – pushing her tits into his face like a stripper. She swayed them back and forth giving him ample opportunity to lick her. She stopped as he hooked on to her nipple and started a light nibble. She threw her head back and put her hands behind his head pulling him to her harder and urging him on. She reached down and grabbed his cock through his pants and stroked it up and down. He was engrossed in her tits so she undid his belt, unzipped his fly and pulled his dick out. Now she had a good grip and pumped him hard.

Then she went for the kill. She kneeled down between his legs and sucked his dick all the way into her mouth. She backed off, licking his shaft up and down. She tugged his pants further down to give her access to his balls and started playing with them immediately. I could tell he was going to go off very soon. His head was back and his mouth was open. She deep throated him and that was it. He grabbed her head, holding himself all the way down her throat, and came. She swallowed quickly and often – the load must have been huge. She looked up at him with his dick in her mouth smiled and winked. She licked him clean and helped him to pull his pants up. She grabbed her dress and slowly put it back on – giving him a second show and talking to him at the same time. He just nodded. When she was finished dressing, she took his hand and pulled him from the chair and gave him a full body press hug with a kiss on the cheek. When he passed us on the way out he came over to me and told me how lucky I was to have such competent staff like that and he couldn't wait for Marie to find him his new secretary. I just couldn't tell him I watched and videoed the entire thing – it probably would have given him a heart attack.

And that is the way the first day went. Some of the girls played with four or five guys each and some a few less, all after they signed purchase contracts. No enticement that way. The big number for the day went to Veronica who not only sucked the guy off but fucked him so hard we sent in water and ice just in case. It took him a while to recover but, as a result we have orders for three VPA's and a large long-term purchase contract for our new product line. I was so mesmerized by Marie's performance I hadn't even been watching. Ah the beauty of instant replay.

Near the end of the first day, Melissa, Jaime and James came by the booth and invited us up to their suite for an intimate dinner party for all ten of us. She said to come as we were or in whatever we did or didn't wish to wear. Sounded like another play time for us and we eagerly accepted. 

Melissa threw a hell of a dinner party that night. The evening's entertainment after dinner had been all arranged. She had all the girls draw pieces of folded paper from a hat. Some were blank - others had very specific instructions. Madeline won the big prize, so to speak. She had to take James' big dick in her pussy and ass while giving head and hand jobs to Manny and Mike. Jeff was in her pussy or ass, depending on where James was at the time. She was doubled so often she must have cum about twenty times. Her face and back were totally covered with cum and she couldn't walk so well afterwards. 

Veronica and Annette did a foursome with Jaime and Melissa with lots of toys and fingers that lasted for three or four orgasms each. The show was absolutely wanton and Marie and I and the others were just watching excitedly while we all played with each other in kind of musical chairs. During the evening Marie fucked Tom pretty hard as they watched Madeline's foursome from a ringside seat and, because it took me a long time to cum, Rachel's ass got pounded pretty hard as well. Now that is a sales meeting.

We all staggered back to our rooms about two in the morning. Marie and I collapsed in bed and as we were falling asleep she whispered in my ear "thank you for you". Why does she have to do that, it keeps me awake at night wondering about it.

To be continued...