 I had only moved next door four months ago, but in an effort to fit in, I had hosted a get acquainted barbeque. Since the house I had bought came with both a heated full size pool and a hot tub, most of the guests either arrived in swim wear or had run home to change after we ate. The few reluctant ones had joked about how even the hot tub couldn't make them swim in January, no matter how mild the Southwest might be. Mandy and her husband, Charlie, a short chubby bespectacled accountant, had silently sat off in a corner, each nursing a single glass of wine for hours. 

They had left before the real fun had started. If I was worried about fitting in with the neighbours -- a mature (some might say middle aged) single woman in a family enclave - my fears were misplaced. Even better, I quickly learned that more than a few of the straight looking Bible Belt types living on Zephyr Court had kinks compatible with my own.

Mandy and Charlie were not the first to leave -- a few young marrieds with kids left early, amidst lots of jokes about who might do what to the babysitters - so it must have been about 11:00 o'clock or so that they politely thanked me for the invitation and plodded down the side path towards the street. Unlike livelier guests, neither gave me a hug or a peck on the cheek before turning away. Apparently this was normal behaviour for Mandy and Charlie, because they were still rounding the corner of the house when a gorgeous airline pilot from down the block named Brett, who like most guests, was wearing only a swim suit, said "Well, there go the prune suckers. Maybe now we can get this party started."

The dozen or so guests left -- mostly couples, but a few singles like me - all laughed knowingly. What happened next had dispelled my concerns about the moral majority policing the block parties. As soon a Brett slugged back his bourbon, still rattling the ice cubes, a lithe black fellow -- I didn't know his name then, but since learned he is Nat - a dancer by calling - leaned over, took Brett's glass, slurped a cube of ice onto his mouth, and ran his cold tongue around Brett's exposed nipple. Brett shivered, though the air was not cool, and ran his fingers through Nat's hair.

Nat suddenly straightened up, though and looked over to Brett's housemate, Casey, and said, "Sorry, love, am I presuming into your property?"

"No, Nat," replied Casey, "no chains on Brett. He flies away so often, I just assume he'll do whatever turns him on...and you seem to be doing that right now."

My jaw might have dropped at the realization that Casey and Brett were lovers , not just roomies, but that did not prevent my eyes from grasping Casey's innuendo and checking out the impressive throbbing bulge in Brett's trunks. My image of Zephyr Court as staid was shattered further as Nat deftly slid a hand into Brett's trunks and fell to his knees, right there beside my pool, in front of all my guests. In one smooth motion, he dropped his open jaw down over Brett's erect cock without touching the shiny tight outer sheath of skin, locking his lips around the base. I still recall thinking how impressive a feat this was, as Brett had a cock which was not only long, but fat. 

Gay sex though was not going to do me much good. The next thought that occurred to me was that this oral exhibitionism -- Nat was proceeding to piston his head up and down, drawing back to almost release Brett, then plunging to swallow the shaft - might drive the hetros, especially the couples, away. 

No worry -- within a few beats, a cute older bleach blonde that I later placed as Jo, the house guest of my immediate neighbours, the Archers, slid up next to Casey and smoothed his curly red mop of hair, saying, "Since your boyfriend is busy, maybe you'd like some experienced female companionship, or are you strictly a man's man?"

Casey shifted slightly, glancing down at Jo's tiny white exposed breasts -- she had been topless in the hot tub already, and without a word lowered his mouth to the aroused oversized reddish brown tip of her right tit. Jo's hand trailed slowly down his body, caressing his cheek, his chin, and rubbing his shaved chest before dipping into his swim trunks. She extracted another fine looking cock. It was so full and juicy that I thought to myself 'How nice that such a fine specimen isn't wasted only on guys.'

My attention had been focussed on the 'older woman' scene briefly, and when I glanced around, always the good hostess checking on my guests, I saw that most of the others were watching Jo lower her mouth over the swollen head of Casey's tool as well. A few however, were either staring, or warily peeking, at Nat massaging Brett's heavy balls as Brett's hips flexed up off his perch to drive his length to the back of his new lover's throat in an increasingly intense tempo. 

My contemplation of which cock looked like a better fit for either my hungry mouth or my aching pussy ended quickly with the realization that I likely could have both -- perhaps even at the same time. I was starting to like my new neighbourhood. As that thought brought a grin to my face, I noticed that Neal, the newlywed from across the road, had slid his arm around his wife, Paula, and popped her tit out of her bikini top. These youngsters were barely in their twenties, a matched set of freckled redheads who looked like they should still be in high school. Her breast had the strength of youth, standing firm without support as her husband tweaked the nipple, alternately rubbing the flesh and then tugging the nub away from her body, a little harder and further with each repetition. 

Paula seemed oblivious to her husband's attention though, staring instead at the sexual exhibitionism occurring just a few feet from her. Her stare shifted from the tableau of Nat teabagging Brett over to Jo nibbling the tender tip of Casey's cock. Without looking down, she acknowledged Neal by snaking her left hand into his trunks and extracting his cock. Unlike the other two on display, Neal was not overly endowed.

"Maybe she's never seen one bigger than her husband's -- if he's not careful, she'll end up becoming a size queen and he'll have to find new fuck buddies while his wife gets impregnated by some of the neighbourhood big boys," a voice said into my left ear. 

I turned my head, regretting even a moment not watching the orgy unfold. The sound belonged to Anna, the eighteen year old daughter of the couple that Jo was visiting. Anna was a classic blonde, who would have fit better on a beach in Florida or California then in the Bible Belt. Her generous young tits strained inside a bikini top which consisted of two triangles just larger than her nipples and a few strings. As I looked, I noticed that she had brushed her teeny thong aside and was quietly fingering her well shaved pubes. My jaw dropped even further at this, given that her parents were only a yard away. One look however showed me that they were also entranced by the poolside sex, so Anna's masturbation was not bothering them. 

"Don't look so shocked," Anna continued. "Brett has serviced half the wives on the block. He would have been my first, except he was too busy being sucked of by Casey, so I used Casey's cock like a big fleshy dildo to break my hymen. I was so wet that it hardly even hurt. A girl could not have asked for a better eighteenth birthday. I was so glad Mom had put me on the pill a few weeks beforehand. I wondered at the time, because the orgy was a surprise present. Overall I must have sucked or fucked about fifteen guys by the time I was done. The party continued the next day of course." 

Her hand -- the one not in her pussy, brushed against her right nipple and then gently grazed my side, ending up cupping my left tit. "I also played games with just as many of the women," Anna breathed into my ear. The combination of her casual sensuous touch and her warm words sent shivers through my spine. My pussy was already moist, but now it was dampening my bikini bottom. Sapphic loving was just one of my milder kinks, but it had been years since I had even dreamed of eating a fine young vixen like Anna Archer. I did not care that her youth was tarnished by her apparent lust for fucking. Well used or not, she would still have that sweet zest. Perhaps her experience would even enhance the thrill. I suddenly realized that my own right hand had dropped to my thigh and my finger tips were easing the fabric away to allow access to my soaked pussy. 

So far, Brett's bisexuality was still not demonstrated, but that was quickly accomplished when Janet, a plump thirtysomething divorcee who lived on the corner, stepped over to where Nat was still licking Brett's mushroom like an ice cream cone. She gently nudged Nat aside and without a word, she straddled Brett's hips, opening her mouth and raising his chin to meet her kiss with one hand as she used her other hand to shove the bottom of her swim suit aside, slipping her already moist gash right down on top of Brett's lance in a single plunge. Though I was several yards away, I could easily hear the slurping noise as her labia enveloped his flesh. 

"Oh, Gawwwd, it's so long since I've had a live cock inside of me," Janet groaned, linking her wrists behind Brett's neck for leverage as she rode him roughly. As further confirmation that this was no 'nympho rapes gay guy' moment, Brett leaned in for another kiss, and his hips were vigourously bouncing up off his seat to meet Janet's thrusts. 

My fingers were now knuckle deep in my own wetness. I was startled, but not totally surprised, when I felt Anna's digit slip in beside mine. We playfully jousted around my clit as the blonde teen whispered, "Do you mind if I eat you before you get fucked? Sometimes, I like a cream pie, but I think I want to taste what your pussy is like without any seed in it."

"You could just try some off that finger," I heard myself say. Despite my love of sexual adventure, being so open and vocal in front of virtual strangers was a surprise for me. 

"I want to feel the wetness all over my cheeks, just like when a guy comes so much that I can't swallow it all, and it spills out of the corners. Or when a couple of them are doing a circle jerk and spurt spunk all over me." Anna giggled. "Maybe, if you like that sort of thing too, I'll invite the football team over and you can clean me up after."

Visualizing images of watching a dozen or so burly ballers fucking and spurting all over Anna, and then me joining them to bathe her with tongues caused my vaginal walls to clamp tight around our playful fingers. As I sighed, a small wave of preorgasmic bliss pulsing through my body, I closed my eyes just for a moment. I felt Anna's tongue flick against my earlobe, her warm breath entering my aural canal. 

When I opened my eyes again, I saw that young Paula was on her knees, busily rolling her husband's slim cockhead on her tongue, and then popping it into her cheek. She had shifted his position so that she could continue to watch Jo blowing Casey, and seemed to be mimicking the older woman's movements. As we watched the tandem blowjobs, Anna whispered, "I bet Paula has no trouble deep throating Neal's pencil dick, I wonder how she would do with a real cock." She chuckled. "I bet we'll find out tonight."

I felt my abdomen clench down around Anna's finger even harder thinking about the combinations which might play out. We did not have to wait. As Anna slid a second and then a third finger up my pussy, and I withdrew my own hand, Anna's father, Oliver Archer, of all people, stepped behind Paula. He had been nude in the hot tub already, and now his manhood was growing to full engorgement. Beside me, I felt Anna shift closer, her nipple brushing my arm as she licked my neck. 

"Doesn't Daddy have a yummy looking cock?" Anna said, no longer whispering.

My shock still allowed me to notice that several other people turned to stare at her comment as well. Their attention quickly returned however to the sight she was describing, as Oliver, who incidentally was a judge, gave his massive weapon a single loving stroke, causing a bubble of precum to form on the tip. This seemed to be all the lubrication that young Paula's newlywed pussy needed as he speared her from behind, entering her in a single plunge. 

Paula grunted once at the force of the penetration, and Neal winced slightly as her teeth instinctively clamped done a bit too roughly around the base of his cock. Within seconds, however, Paula and Oliver had a smooth rhythm going, her head bobbing down each time he pushed her forward, and then she would rise up, licking Neal's shaft as Oliver drew back.

I was half distracted by Anna openly caressing my nipples in front of my guests -- most of whom were too busy watching Janet and Brett, or Jo and Casey, or Neal, Paula and Oliver. Still, I wondered about Neal's total lack of reaction or hesitancy about Oliver casually stepping up and fucking his wife. Sure, Anna had alluded to prior neighbourhood sex orgies, but from her earlier comments, it had sounded like Paula was still a faithful spouse. 

Anna's mother, Francesca, was one of the half dozen or so remaining guests still observing. Francesca, I later learned, had been a foreign exchange student who had been impregnated by Oliver accidentally. They stayed married and raised Anna, outwardly remaining pillars of the community, but never pretending to each other that they were monogamous. 

Not knowing that at the time of my party, I asked Anna, "How does your Mom feel about watching your Dad fucking Paula?"

Anna's chuckle came right from her belly. She leaned over and licked a bead of perspiration off my left nipple before she replied. "Mom was the one who started the tradition of Zephyr Court orgies, I think. The only thing she might worry about is Dad not using a condom -- Paula might be fertile, and goodness knows, Dad doesn't shoot blanks - I've got three full siblings, and at least as many little bastard half brothers that Dad has to support. Good thing Mom's family was loaded to start with, and her jewellery importing makes a ton of money. Still, money might not satisfy Neal if he ends up raising a kid that isn't his. The upside though is that Mom and Neal might get to share Paula's cream pie." 

A glance confirmed that the blonde teen's pink tongue was unconsciously wetting her lips at the mental image of her Mom and the neighbour, not much older than herself, eating pussy together. 

"I thought you had suggested that perhaps Paula had never had a real cock." I giggled girlishly, recognizing how I had written off Neal's pencil dick. 

"She never has been with anyone else," Anna said, still rubbing my breasts and, like me, watching the sex, as she spoke. "Because we are close in age, we've talked about sex a lot. I mean a lot. Poor girl, her parents sent her off to an all girls' boarding school in the Swiss Alps. It was so isolated. No horny Germans or lusty Italians could scale the cliffs to ravish the virgins. Neal popped her virginity in a sleeper on a train the summer she graduated, and they never looked back."

"They haven't partied with the neighbours before?" I asked. 

My hand now stroked Anna's leg. She touched my chin, turned my head and kissed my lips lightly, then spoke again.

"They just moved in a few months ago, so have only been to a couple of parties around Christmas. Because a lot of the uptight types had to be invited, the fun was later, and there was less time to involve them. But Janet did drink champagne out of Paula's pussy New Year's Eve."

"Where was Neal at the time?"

"Fucking my Mom, in a double ender with Casey, who got her mouth." Anna chuckled, unleashing that belly laugh again, while I glanced over to admire Casey's cock as it banged deep into Jo's wet pussy. "Mom did say afterwards that there would have been room in her gash for Oliver, or Nat, or both, beside Neal. She could barely feel the poor guy." 

"Well, at least he's not too big for anal sex," I responded, automatically finding a bright side, though as I think back now; I realize I was instinctively probing Anna's boundaries. Of course, I was doing so physically as well, my hand travelling up her thigh and curling inside, easing her legs apart, teasing the edge of her bikini bottom away from her warm flesh. I felt the shivers now running through her body in counterpoint with mine. 

"You might be right," Anna said, panting for breath between words. "I've only tried anal once, and it hurt too much. Maybe I should try Neal on for size."

"I bet if you had him to start, you could stretch out and enjoy larger ones too." I turned to better enjoy her grin, and this time, I was the one who kissed her. Our mouths opened slightly, but only the tips of our tongues crossed the other's lips. The public aspect of this most gentle mutual seduction made it very odd, but in a way that just increased my eagerness. I reminded myself to go slow, to let Anna think she was the seducer. "Who got your anal cherry?" I asked as we turned back to watch the orgy unfold.

"Oliver, of course. He always likes to get the fresh meat first, and because he's a big shot, most of the other guys allow him to. Sort of like my Mom and the women, except Ollie is a lot more aggressive about it."

I focussed then on checking out Oliver's tool, as it sounded like he was my competition to fuck Anna, if no one else noticed my willingness before he recovered from fucking Paula. Only then did my brain catch up to my hormones, reminding me that although this youngster had called him by name, her defiler was really her Dad.

This froze me right then, my thumb poised just between Anna's outer lips, as I had been about to use it to spread one side open, my baby finger ready to stretch her enough to probe her depths. It was like everything happening around me was in another dimension. Incest just did not seem real. I loved erotica, but had never understood the appeal of those fantasies. 

The furthest I had ever gone in role playing was babysitter, or schoolgirl, and one memorable afternoon dressed in my old girl scout uniform 'selling cookies' to a neighbour. I had never uttered the word 'Daddy' sexually. Now this potential new lover was casually confessing to not only fucking her father, but that he had taken her anal virginity. Perhaps the awakening I was receiving was not that staid looking Zephyr Court was secretly kinky like me. Maybe I was too straight for this estate.

Anna laughed, and then poked her tongue across my nipple. She lifted a hand again to my jaw, and looked me right in the eye. I saw her grin and the twinkle in her deep blue irises. "I'm just kidding, silly, it wasn't my Dad who first plunged his prick into my poop chute, it was really Neal. I just didn't want to tell you that after you guessed that his teeny weenie was just right after all. So, relax."

My response was a heartfelt sigh, as Anna lowered her head and for the first time, drew my nipple into her mouth. As I enjoyed Sapphic love for the first time in years, I noticed Francesca staring at me. I met her gaze and pointedly looked over to where her husband was now pumping Paula so hard that he was using her pillowy breasts as handles. Paula was fisting the base of Casey's rock hard shaft, as she struggled to keep the tip in her teeth despite Oliver's efforts. Francesca slowly turned to look at that tableau as well.

I caressed Anna's bleached mane, and slowly grasped a handful between my fingers. I tenderly tugged her off of my tit. Once she was looking up at me, I spoke; making sure my voice was loud enough that Francesca would have to hear about her daughter's sluttiness. "So Neal's cock in your ass hurt?"

Anna rewarded me with a strong bark of laughter, which made her youthful boobs jiggle enough to brush our nipples against each other. The internal muscular contractions also made her vagina convulse, sucking one of my fingers inside of her without further ado.
