 At the end of that week, Ethan and Joni moved into Ryan's apartment, in the room David had left vacant. 

"Goodbye, mother," Emily had said to her mother, "I'm moving out." Her mother, as always, wore her bathrobe as an afterthought; her large, bronzed breasts and landing strip pubic patch exposed carelessly. She sat on the couch, smoking, her belly button a thin line, like another disapproving mouth.

"I guess I'll see you," said her mother.

Joni stepped out into her new life and into Ethan's arms who was waiting, leaning against the truck he'd borrowed.

"Hey, babe. Ready?"

Looking back at the apartment building she'd grown up in for the last time, she said: "Ready."

The next few weeks were a happy adjustment. There were rules about condiments and what could remain in the shared bathroom. But, mainly, the couple spent their free time in their room, fucking loudly.

One Friday night, the three of them came home from the bar drunk. Ethan and Joni went to their room to fuck, which they did with the door slightly ajar. Afterwards, Ethan fell into a deep, drunken slumber, but Joni was inexplicably wide awake. Pulling on her panties and a white tank top, she shuffled out into the kitchen for food and water. 

When she closed the refrigerator door, she was surprised to see Ryan sitting at the table.

"Oh my God, I didn't even see you there," she said, still somewhat drunk. "What are you doing?"

"The same as you. If I don't eat before I go to bed, I wake up feeling awful." He was in his underwear, gray briefs, which she hadn't expected.

"I thought you'd be a boxer man," she said.

"I want to put my thumb in your asshole," he said.

She was shocked and discombobulated. "What?"

"I said 'I want to put my thumb in your asshole,'" he said, chewing his sandwich thoughtfully.

"Well," she said, and then realized that she had nothing else to say.

"Take off your panties," he said, now looking at her directly.

She stood, a glass of orange juice in her hand, frozen. And then, she put down the glass and pulled off her panties and stepped out of them. She waited.

"Now, come over here."

She did.

"Bend over."

She did. And then, just as he promised, she felt his thumb pressing against the pucker of her asshole just before, all at once, it was all the way inside her. He pulled it out and put it in his mouth.

"Thanks," he said, softly. "See you tomorrow." With that, he stood up, put his dishes in the sink and disappeared into his room. She was left, standing in the kitchen, wondering what the hell had just happened. Why had she done that? Why had he done that? What the fuck?

She knew, of course. At least, she knew why she had done that. She loved to be dirtied; she'd always known that, ever since she'd been sucking cock and eating ass for a gram of pot; maybe even before that, maybe when she'd seen her mother disappear into her bedroom with two men in jean jackets and listened to her moan and oblige their lust. Yes, she knew that about herself; it had been coded into her.

As she went to bed, she thought of Ryan's finger in her asshole, she saw the whole scene, as if from a great distance. She, bending stupidly at the waist, her old white tank top sliding up her back, her knees knocked together slightly, her dark hair over her face, the blood running to her head; him, at the table, a peanut butter and jam sandwich in front of him, casually with his thumb in her ass. She got off to the vision. It would stick in her mind, and she would get off on it again.

Several days later, she was sucking Ethan's cock on the couch. They were both naked.

Ryan came home. They tried to gather themselves, embarrassed. But, he said, "No, no, don't bother." He sat down on the chair opposite them. "Can I watch?"

Joni felt that strange compulsion to oblige, and leaned down to suck Ethan's cock, now with extra showmanship, with her back arched just a little more severely, her ass a little higher in the air. 

When she looked up again, his cock was out and he was stroking it slowly. She got up off the couch and knelt in front of him and began to suck his glorious, hard cock. It tasted different than Ethan's, muskier, more urgent.

Ethan watching with a joy that almost made him weep. Finally! Finally! He'd been happy about moving in here, but these weeks of furtive glances, of sneaking around when Joni was at work had been torturous. He hadn't been able to find the right words to make this happen, and now it was all on its own. He walked behind the chair, pulled Ryan's t-shirt over his head, and leaned down to kiss him. 

Meanwhile, Joni was going to town on his dick like the cameras were rolling, taking him so deep she gagged and tears streamed down her face. She paused to rest her jaw and saw that Ethan had positioned himself so that he was kneeling on the arms of the chair, pushing his ass against Ryan's face.

Finally, she thought. She'd known all along, she supposed and she'd felt a strange tension in the air these weeks, and now she felt all of that slide out of the room so that three people could get to the real business of living together, fucking each other, sharing everything, waking up with the taste of the other in their mouths. She stood up and kissed her boyfriend, kissing him goodbye and hello. She now had two boyfriends.

She watched with delight as Ryan put his hard cock into Ethan's ass, sliding it in like a key into a lock. She watched Ethan's eyes roll back in his head as the pain filled his head and then subsided into pleasure. She watched him as if she was seeing him for the first time: a beautiful, tall, lovely boy who cared for her and loved getting fucked in the ass. She slid into place underneath him and took his cock into her pussy, feeling Ryan's hard, uncompromising thrusts through Ethan's body.

They all came together, in an explosion of pure joy.

They didn't leave the apartment all weekend.

Later that week, they'd invited some friends over: Anthony, dark and handsome; his girlfriend, Paige, a smoky brunette, braless in a t-shirt; Graham, already with a little grey through his dark hair, funny, and with kind eyes; Heather, his wife, married just this year, strawberry blonde hair with great big happy tits; and Douglas, a shy, quiet boy, slender with big eyes that couldn't stop looking at Joni.

In the middle of the party, she saw Ryan sucking his thumb. She stood up, pulled down her jeans and bent over.