 There's a cliché saying, "the silence was deafening," well, that morning over breakfast in the hotel bedroom, after our first night as swingers, that cliché was very apt and very, very, true. Mark and I were both loath to speak; to say anything that might upset, or worse, hurt the other. Neither of us wanting to discuss what we had done; how we had felt; how we wanted to continue now; were we going to continue? Was it a one-off? An experience to look back on, or was this going to change our marriage, possibly even end it?

"Mark," I said, "we can't just ignore last night, we need to talk about it. How did you feel, did you enjoy it? Do you want to do it again, or was it just a one off? Whatever you want is ok with me, but please talk to me."

Mark looked at me sheepishly, then whispered, "Watching you walk out of the bar with Dan, knowing that he would soon have you in his arms, see you naked, soon be making love to you, broke my heart."

I gulped and tears filled my eyes. I had been the one pushing to try the swopping scene, and now I knew I had lost my husband, my marriage was over, it couldn't survive last night. I'd broken the heart of the only man I could ever love.

"But then Anne explained how Dan had felt on their first time, and that made it easier. And well, the sex was good, I enjoyed it, Anne was different. I'm not making comparisons with you, God no, I wouldn't do that, but it was different. And then I knew that it would be the same for you, with Dan. That was when I realised I love you even more than I have ever done and that what we were doing was just physical, and I could accept that. I knew that it wouldn't change things for me. What, what about you."

I smiled shyly at him, "The same, Dan was, I don't know, as you say different, but to be honest, looking back he didn't rock my boat, he was mesmeric and controlling, and that was exciting, I was willing to do anything he asked, but it wasn't earth-shattering sex. I thought it was at the time but looking back on it, it wasn't."

"Yes, different but not what I expected."

"Do you want to try it again? Dan gave me a list of people they recommend if you do."

"Do you?"

Hesitating for a fraction of a second, I didn't want to hurt Mark, or pressurise him, "Yes, I'd like to, but only if you want to, and only if it doesn't hurt you, but I think we need to try it a couple more times, then decide, I'm sure our marriage is strong enough to survive a couple of more tries. I think it's even stronger after last night. But I don't want to jeopardise our marriage, if continuing will do that then no I don't want to go on."

"OK, a couple more, then we decide, God, Helen I love you," with that, breakfast was abandoned for a while whilst we made love together, our first time as swingers. The sex was slow and gentle and loving, each aware of the need to please and reassure the other. In some ways to reconnect physically with each other.

That episode was a couple of months ago and we had had one meeting with the couple that was on the top of Dan's list and it was ok, again nothing to write home about, the sex was average, like the first time we swopped. The excitement came from being with a different partner, and knowing that Mark was with another woman turned me on. Learning how to please and get pleasure from another man was also exciting.

So, now we had decided to up the ante, and try the younger couple Dan and Anne had recommended and we were due to meet up with them later tonight. This time things were going to be a bit different, we were all going to be in the same room together. With all that suggests and leaves things open too!!

When Mark was on the phone to Simon, setting things up I suddenly got apprehensive and got him to ask a couple of questions about something I was very worried about.

"No. OK. Yes, that's fine, yeah she'll be fine with that. Great see you soon, bye."

"What, what did they say? What will I be fine with?"

"Helen, calm down, give me a chance to speak. Now Zoe is not into heavy girl-girl stuff, so you can forget worrying about that. Well partly, Zoe is ok with a little kissing between you if you want, and some gentle fondling as well, but above waist only, she doesn't go all the way. So you're ok, no heavy lesbian sex."

"Why do I think you're disappointed in that?" I giggled at him. "So, you've just agreed for me that I'm ok with a little girl on girl stuff. God, it's like being on a first date, as a schoolgirl, ok to touch above the waist but not below," I giggled again this time with relief that I wasn't expected to go all the way with Zoe. I wasn't sure I was into that sort of thing. Curious yes, but not ready to try things just yet.

"Well, it only seems natural that you girls would get together a little bit, and it seems Zoe isn't into it in a heavy way if it happens between you fine if not then Zoe will be fine with that too. They are just keen to meet us, apparently, Dan and Anne gave us a good recommendation."

"Oh. That's great, we're being rated on how good we are at sex now. And why is it natural for Zoe and me to get together, what about you and Simon?" I teased.

Something in the back of my mind was troubling me, Zoe, where did I know that name from?

Well tonight was the night, and it couldn't have come at a worse time, there was a massive charity event in Manchester tonight, and all my salons had been full to overflowing all day, with clients wanting their hair done. I'd even had to ship clients from the main salon in Alderley Edge to the others as we were that busy, it was the only way we could cope with the demand. I had even brought Troy my main stylist into the main salon from the one he normally runs for me.

Now the rush was over and we were finally able to relax, I'd opened a couple of bottles of champagne for both clients during the day but also the staff now that the rush was over and we were closed. Now it was time to get me ready for the nights fun. Troy had done my hair, he is a genius and knows just what to do with it. We were in the back room, well the waxing room, my feet were up and I was recovering from a full bikini wax, I was hot and burning down there so had no panties on, letting the air waft over my newly nude pussy, and my robe didn't exactly cover much. So Troy was getting a good view of the goods on offer tonight. 

Now I was totally ok with Troy seeing me like that, he is the epitamy of a gay hairdresser, a total queen, camp as anything going. A complete gossip, but despite the gossipy nature of him he never reveals anything truly confidential, he has all the clients in stitches and eating out of his hand. On top of that, he is a brilliant stylist and quick with it. 

Troy had been the first person I had recruited when I had set up on my own, he was the person who had taught me how to cut hair, until, after six months of teaching me, in mid-session he threw his scissors down in a hissy fit and refused to teach me anymore saying, "Helen I can't teach you anymore, after six months you're already a better stylist than me."

Just as Troy was leaving he bent down and to my complete shock gave me a quick kiss on my bare and exposed pussy, and I'm sure his tongue came out and licked me.

"Oh, I wish I had one of those," he pouted as he flounced out, "enjoy your night of debauchery, and if Mark kicks you out, I'm going after him myself. Bye slut." Troy is the only person who knows about mine and Marks foray into the swinging scene.

I screamed in shock then shouted after him, "Troy if you ever do that again, I'll cut your balls off and use them as earrings." Laughing.

"You know you'll be doing me a favour if you do, anyway, they won't suit you, too big for your ears."

I had made my way to the hotel we were using for our assignation, Mark having arrived earlier due to how busy I had been. As I walked into the bar I saw Mark talking to an attractive couple, Simon was dark-haired, cut short and trim, and well built, broad shoulders and chest, he seemed to be about as tall as Mark. Umm, nice I thought to myself, he could be fun, strong looking too. Lots of stamina if I was lucky. My mind could go to the gutter at times.

Then I saw Zoe, and my blood ran cold. Zoe was a client, a very good one, but I had never got any idea that she was a swinger. The problem was not only is she one of my best clients, but she is also stunningly beautiful, elfin small, with a pixie face and hairstyle to match. Hair that I had coloured magenta and cut myself that afternoon.

She has a tiny but perfectly proportioned body, natural boobs that seemed bigger than they should be, legs I would die for and mine are not to be sneezed at, being toned from being on them all day long. I couldn't let her loose with Mark, she is just too gorgeous. Now I knew where I recognised the name Zoe from. Fuck, not good! At times Zoe can look a sexy, sophisticated, woman of the world and at others just like a flirty teenage schoolgirl, all be it a sexy one. I think if Troy went straight for a change Zoe would be the one to change him. She is that beautiful and sexy.

Zoe glanced up saw me standing there and then shock and surprise running over her face as she recognised me and that I was joining them.

"Oh. My. God," she uttered.

"What?" from Simon.

"Helen, we know each other, she's my hairdresser."

"Er, your stylist, actually," I cattily reminded her, metaphorically claws exposed.

"Well does it make a difference?" from Simon, sensing the tension and trying to ease it."

"No, better actually, Helen come and sit next to me," Zoe welcomed me with a big smile, pulling me to her, kissing my cheeks and giving me a big hug, "I was just a little shocked to see Helen here, I hadn't thought she is the Helen we're going to have some fun with tonight."

I did as bidden, and soon Zoe and I were deep in conversation, but edging things to the more sexual as we relaxed to the situation, until at last the guys managed to separate us and we went up to the room. They were eager to get some action. You could sense it in the way they both walked.

Both full of sexy confidence Zoe and I sashayed through the bar, in front of the guys, drawing envious glances as we did. Zoe was in front of me and as much as I was admiring the sway of her bum I was also aware of the excitement we were causing.

A massive king-sized bed dominated the bedroom, bedclothes turned down. Simon pulled me towards him as we moved towards the bed, nuzzling my ear and kissing my neck as his hands roamed over my body, squeezing my boobs, holding my bum as he pulled my groin hard against the bulge in his pants.

I was aware of Zoe and Mark doing the same thing but Zoe had jumped into Marks' arms forcing him to hold her up as she wrapped her legs around his waist, skirt pushed up, dry humping him from the off.

Simons' hands continued to roam over my body as I opened his fly and withdrew his cock, holding it lightly in my soft hand, stroking it, relishing every throb it made as my hands stroked up and down it time and time again. Simon couldn't help but moan with delight at my teasing touch. His throbbing cock telling me he wanted more and soon.

Stepping away from Simon, I reached behind me and slid the zip of my dress down. Letting the dress slip down my body and stepping out of it as it pooled at my feet, to Simons surprise and delight I was totally naked underneath. Mark gasped in admiration as he saw how I looked. I had never gone nude under a dress before.

Not to be outdone Zoe pulled her top and bra off, then dropped to her knees in front of Mark pulled his cock from his pants and looking deeply into his face opened her lips and took him slowly but deeply into her mouth, pressing her nose against his belly.

Surprisingly, I didn't feel any jealousy about Zoe sucking Mark into her mouth, she just seemed so natural at it, enjoying him, and from the look on Marks face so was he, his eyes had closed in delight as he pushed his hips back and forth as his cock went in and out of Zoe's eager and seemingly talented mouth. I know how much he loves oral sex. Zoe was covering Marks cock in saliva, I could see it glistening when it slid out of her mouth, before plunging back in.

I continued to watch Zoe and Mark as Simon bent his head and sucked on my boobs, playing with first one then the other, sucking my nipples into his mouth and playing with each of them in turn. Slobbering over them, nipping gently at first, then more forcefully as he got more and more excited. My nipples had hardened at his first touch and were sending waves of pleasure through my body, straight to my pussy which was getting wet and demanding attention.

The sight of Marks cock in Zoe's mouth combined with Simons attention to my tits was getting me wetter and hornier by the second. My pussy seemed to be thrumming with excited anticipation. It needed filling by a big hard cock, and soon. 

Both couples were edging their way towards the bed and fell on it simultaneously but as two separate pairs. Pairs locked together in passionate kisses and fondles.

I was getting turned on by Simons obvious, desperate need for my body, the excitement it was causing him, and knowing that Zoe realised it, the effect I was having on her husband sent a shiver of delight ran down my spine.

Simon had moved down my body kissing me every inch of the way, trailing the softest and gentlest of kisses over my body, until he was at my newly shaved pussy, and, not waiting for an invite he locked his lips on my labia, and sucked deeply and hard on my clit, then flicked it with his tongue. I let out a scream of pure lust and thrashed my hips against his face, legs wrapping around his neck, locking him in place.

"Don't do that Simon, she'll never let you stop, she'll keep you there all night," Mark panted. I looked over at him and smiled as Zoe continued to deep throat him. She knew the control she had over him.

Simons tongue on my clit had done the trick and I came at once, a hot wave of passion bursting from deep in me, washing over me, driving me mad with lust.

Mark and Zoe had changed positions and Mark was poised over her, cock pushing at the entrance to her pussy, eagerly demanding entrance to her inner core. Wanting to bury itself in her wet pussy. I could see how wet she already was from my position near to them, my face was inches from her pussy.

As Mark pushed his cock into Zoe, I felt a flash of pure hatred and jealousy rush over me. My husband was putting his dick into her, he was going to fuck her, right in front of me. I was going to have to watch as he fucked another woman in front of me, not just another woman, but a stunningly beautiful woman.

As I watched, her pussy opened to accept him, the mushroom shaped head of his cock disappeared inside her, her pussy closing on it, welcoming it. Then as I watched, face inches away from it all, I saw her expand as he pushed fully into her, her pussy swallowing his cock, his balls coming to rest against her arse. A mutual moan of pleasure escaping both their mouths as he did so. It was then that I realised it was one of the most erotic things I had ever seen. Especially when Mark began a steady pumping in and out of her, God I knew how that felt to have his dick pumping in and out of me like that. Zoe was a lucky woman.

God, I needed a hard throbbing cock in me now!

While these thoughts were going through my mind, Simon had manoeuvred into position above me, parted my slim and toned thighs and pressed his cock into me in one quick, possessive, movement. God, he was hard and big, not overly long, not as long as Mark, but the girth of it was stretching me wide. 

"God, that feels soooo good," I gasped.

Both Mark and Zoe looked over at me as I said that. I reached out and took hold of Zoe's hand squeezing it, letting her know everything was fine with me, "Fuck him hard," I mouthed to her, she nodded her head in understanding. Wrapped her legs possessively around his waist and thrust her hips up at him.

Simon had me on my back and matched the pace that Mark and Zoe were using with his own, pumping into me, as Mark pumped his cock into Zoe. He was getting very deep into me, slamming in then holding and grinding his hips around rubbing his pubic bone against me stimulating my clit as he ground into it. My pussy was clenching Simons cock as hard as it could, but I was that wet I couldn't get the purchase on him I wanted.

Zoe had flipped over with Mark still inside her and was now riding him, bending her body over him to allow him to play with her tits. Never needing a second invite to that sort of action Mark latched his mouth on her right boob, sucking it deep into his mouth and not letting it go. Zoe moaned in pleasure. Thrashing her head from side to side.

My hands had taken hold of Simons' head and pulled it towards me, kissing him, hard and with pure lust, his cock pumping into me driving me wild, Simon moved his weight off my body and began to pound hard into me, hammering his cock deep into my pussy, fast and furiously. Lust and desire and something primal etched on his face as he looked at me and continued to fuck me as hard as he could, but not as hard as I wanted him to.

"Simon, fuck me harder," I pleaded with him.

My legs wrapped around his thighs and my hands reached down to his bum pulling him into me, forcing him faster and faster.

"WOOOOOOOOOOAH, I'M CUMMING," I screamed as my second orgasm of the night broke over me, bright lights flashing behind my eyes, as my body spasmed and locked onto Simons as he continued to pound into me. As I looked up I saw Zoe and Mark watching me climax whilst still fucking away at each other.

Simon let out a grunt and shot his cum deep into my pussy, covering the side and back with a hot, sticky, thick, jet of cum. He shot four or five more lots of his cum inside me before pulling his cock from me, letting the last few drops dribble down my arse crack.

Mark soon followed Simon and shot his cum into a panting Zoe, and as I watched I saw it escape from her and run down her arse crack. As Mark pulled out of Zoe's pussy I leant over sucked his softening cock in my mouth and licked him clean. Getting a slight taste of Zoe's pussy juices as I did so.

We all took a little time to recover, lying on the bed, bodies intertwined and touching, having a couple of drinks and relaxing. Comfortable together, we had connected emotionally as well as physically.

Getting bored and ready to try something new I pushed my way next to Zoe and bent to kiss her, not sure what my or her reaction would be to the kiss, my first ever with any woman. Zoe's lips were soft and sweet, I could taste her lipstick on them and just a trace of wine, and an underlying taste of Marks cock from when she had sucked on him earlier. An intriguing mix of tastes.

I needn't have worried, Zoe eagerly pulled me into her arms and kissed me back with a passion I have never experienced before, tongue immediately pushing its way between my partly open lips finding mine and playing with it. I found I was very happy to be kissing Zoe and wanted to go further. I wanted to caress her body and suck on those beautiful boobs and their small intense dark nipples. I wanted to suck them into my mouth and feel them respond to my kisses. So I reluctantly broke our kiss, much to Zoe's disappointment as she moaned with despair.

A moan that soon turned to a shriek of pleasure as my lips sucked her nipple into my mouth and I sucked and sucked on it, holding the tight hard nub between my teeth, rolling them around it. Zoe had clamped her hands on my head holding me on her as she kissed the top of my head time and time again.

Her hands released me, moved lower and found my boobs and started to play with them, squeezing and kneading them, rubbing her palms over my nipples stimulating and tormenting them at the same time. She was hurting me, with her grip on my boobs, not a lot, just enough to be painful but enjoyable at the same time. My pussy was throbbing and wet, aching for her touch, but it never came. Zoe continued to play with my boobs, tweaking and pulling on my nipples, sending waves of desire rushing to my pussy.
