 Her life would never be the same after New Year's Eve. Jennie and her husband, Dave, had decided to throw a New Year's Eve party. This was their first year in their new house and they had decided to go all out for the New Year. Amongst the partygoers was Dave's best friend, Damien. Since they now lived about an hour from their friends, Dave hadn't seen him in awhile. Recently separated from his wife, Damien had taken it upon himself to start working out and getting back into shape before going back into the dating mode. As the night wore on, most of the party goers had decided to head on home so that they could be with their children when New Year's rang in. By 11:30, everyone had left except for Damien. 

"Hey Damien," said Jennie, "Why don't you just stay the night? It is too late for you to be driving back now." 

"Thanks," Damien replied. "I appreciate that! I'll just stay in the guest room." All Jennie could think was 'we'll see'. Jennie had always had a crush on him and all she could think was the night that she might actually get to see his cock. Her husband had always known of her attraction to Damien, with a hope that she might actually get to have her dream come true one day. He, also, secretly liked the idea of watching them together and maybe even joining them. 

Jennie had an idea. "Hey guys, I am going to get a little more comfortable. These clothes are smothering me," she said to Dave and Damien. 

As Jennie was getting ready, Dave and Damien sat and chatted. Dave decided to be bold. "You know my wife is one hot woman. I am so lucky to have found her. Her sex appetite is worse than mine," stated Dave. 

"You don't say," replied Damien. "I had always wondered how she looked under her clothes. I can't help but think of her when she wears those low cut shirts and tight jeans. She sure likes to tease a man." 

Dave thought for a moment. "I don't think she realizes what she is doing half the time. She just does what feels natural."

It had been a good 10 minutes and Jennie finally came back to the living room. She was wearing a purple camisole nightie that stopped just shy of her ass cheeks. It was one of Dave's favorites so she thought it would be appropriate for the rest of the evening. Dave's eyes seemed to pop out of his head. He couldn't believe she was standing there like that in front of Damien like this. Damien, on the other hand, was starting to try to figure out how to get closer to her

"Hey Jennie, what's the deal? Are you trying to tease use or what?" 

"I don't know what you are talking about Damien. I said I was getting comfortable and this is comfortable. If you don't like what you see, you may close your eyes," replied Jennie. 

"Not to be a perv or anything but I think I will just keep my eyes wide open, if you don't mind," Damien exclaimed. 

This made Jennie smile. She couldn't believe her luck. It was having the effect that she wanted. As she was coming into the living room, she had to walk past Damien to sit down. Luckily, they were both sitting on the couch on each end and she could sit right in the middle of them. As she as sitting down, she 'accidently' tripped over Damien's feet and fell on top of him, allowing her camisole to rise up in the back showing that she was wearing no panties. "Oops! Sorry Damien! I am still as clumsy as ever," she said. 

"No problem. Happy to break your fall." With a minute left before the ball dropped to ring in the New Year, Jennie was in complete anticipation. She knew she would receive a New Year's kiss from Dave but she was hoping that she could receive one from Damien also. 

As they sat there, the time began to tick away. "10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1!" They cried in unison. Jennie leaned over to get a kiss from Dave. The kiss was long and passionate, showing her that he was anticipating what was to come later. "Wow" she exclaimed. "What was that for?" 

"Oh no reason baby," replied Dave. "You look so hot in that nightie that I felt you deserved that kiss." 

Jennie couldn't believe her luck. That kiss had made her even wetter than she was before. She sat back on the couch breathless. Suddenly, she felt a tap from her right side. She turned around and looked at Damien. 

"Hey, don't I get a New Year's kiss? It's not fair that Dave gets one and I don't." Jennie's heart started racing. 'Oh my god, I am going to kiss him!' she thought. She had dreamed of this for so long she couldn't believe it was happening.

Damien apparently could tell she was nervous so he grabbed her head and started kissing her like there was no tomorrow. The next thing she knew, she was lost. Lost in a dream. It was all she could do to keep from cumin right then and there. 

"Wow, you sure are a good kisser," said Damien. "I don't think I have ever had anyone kiss me like that before."

"Thanks Damien! I aim to please," she replied. 

"That's not all she's good at," stated Dave. "You ought to have her suck your cock and ram her pussy one good time. You would be in heaven," Dave continued. 

"Hmm," stated Damien, as he pondered the idea. His cock was already hard just from looking at her and kissing her; maybe I should ask her to take care of my Lil problem.

"Hey Jennie, I have a problem and was wondering if you could help?" exclaimed Damien. 

"Depends on the problem and how much it will cost me," Jennie replied. 

"Well it won't cost you anything except time," Damien stated as he grabbed her hand and laid it on his rock hard cock. Jennie's blushed but did not move her hand away. He was huge and trying to bust through his jeans. 

"Dave, Damien has a problem over here. His cock is rock hard and trying to come through his jeans," she said. 

"Oh really," replied Dave. "Well let's see it." 

"See what?" she exclaimed. Dave considered for a moment and then he replied, 

"I to see you take care of Damien's problem. It is a fantasy we have been sharing for awhile so go ahead. And for further reference, if he ever has this problem again, feel free to take care of him anytime." 

"You don't mind?" she replied. Dave just shook his head. His fantasy of seeing Jennie with Damien was about to come true and he wasn't about to deter it for one second.

Jennie looked at Damien and smiled. "Well," she decided, "you are Dave's best friend and if I can help you take care of some of your problems, then so be it." She stood up and turned facing them both. After about a second of contemplating she decided to take off her nightie. Slowly she lifted it over her head and when she again looked at Damien; his eyes were wide with lust. "Do you like?" she asked. 

"Oh god yes! You're beautiful," He replied. 

She slowly dropped to her knees in front of him. With her eyes firmly fixed on Damien's cock, she unbuttoned his jeans and pulled his pants down. What popped out of those jeans was the biggest cock she had ever had the pleasure of seeing up close. It was a good 8 inches long and 1 ½ inches wide. "Does Ms. Jennie like?" Damien asked. "It is beautiful. Yes I like," she stated. 

Jennie wasn't sure how she was going to suck his cock. She had never sucked one so big. Dave had been known to let her suck a cock or two in their marriage but even those had never been this big. She began by licking his balls. The minute her tongue touched his balls, Damien inhaled hard. He was in heaven. He couldn't believe he was actually getting his cock sucked by Jennie, his lifelong fantasy. Jennie sucked on his balls for a few more moments and the decided to move onto the shaft. The shaft was thick and felt like velvet to her tongue. She licked and kissed it over and over. Finally, after several seconds, she decided to move onto to the head of his cock. She started by licking it like a lollipop but was hesitant due to the massive size of it. 

Dave noticed Jennie's hesitation and stated, "Go ahead baby! You can suck on that massive cock. You're such a good cock sucker that I know you can do it." That was all the encouragement that she needed. Jennie began sucking the head with earnest. As she was sucking the head of his cock continued to swell. She couldn't get over how big it was getting. She knew her mouth was small but she was amazed she could get his cock into her mouth at all. The ideas of sucking Damien's cock was turning her on so much that she decided not to even think about how big it was and just have fun with it. She began by sucking on the head some more and then slowly she lowered her mouth on it completely. 

Damien was squirming. "Oh God Yes, that feels good! You're going to make me cum!" She continued to suck him and at the same time she had to use both her hand to wrap them around his cock. Jennie loved rubbing Dave's cock as she was sucking him but with Damien it was hard due to the size. Finally, she noticed Damien couldn't hold himself anymore.

"Oh someone's cock needs to cum" she said. Damien couldn't speak but was shaking his head vigorously up and down. 

"Well cum baby. Cum in my mouth!" That was all he needed to hear. Within seconds, Damien was squirting his massive load in Jennie's mouth and like the good cocksucker that she was, she took every drop. 

Damien was panting and trying to catch his breath. "Oh man Dave, you were right, she is a good cock sucker." 

"I told you!" Dave exclaimed. "She always does me proud." Jennie wasn't paying much attention to them; she was too busy looking at Dave's jeans. She could tell his cock was trying to bust out too. As Damien and Dave were talking, she scooted over to Dave and unbuttoned his jeans. "Jennie, what are you doing?" he asked. 

"Well honey! You have a problem here too and I was preparing to take care of it. You know I can suck two cocks in one night without breaking a sweat." That is all Dave had to hear. He allowed her to unbutton his jeans and pull his cock out. It had sprung to life and was harder than it had been in a long time. It could have put an iron bar to shame. Jennie had always love sucking Dave's cock and tonight was no different. She didn't hesitate with this cock. She went straight for the kill, sucking his cock like she knew he loved-somewhat rough. She grabbed his cock and began by nibbling on the head. 

Dave gave a slight intake of breath, "stop teasing me woman and just suck it already," he said. With that said, Jennie began sucking his soft hard cock with more passion than he could remember. All Dave could think was this would be perfect if Damien was fucking her at the same time. 

As Dave was imagining this, he turned his head toward Damien. He couldn't believe it; Damien's cock was hard again. Damien was sitting there stroking that massive cock and watching Jennie suck him off. 

"Hey Damien!" Dave exclaimed. "Why don't you get back there and ram her pussy? I promise you won't be disappointed." 

"Are you sure man?" replied Damien. Dave shook his head yes. 

Jennie wasn't really paying attention to them since she was concentrating on sucking Dave's cock; however, the next thing she felt was her being moved into a doggy style position. She turned her head around and saw Damien on his knees behind her. 

Damien saw her looking and said, "Can I fuck that pretty pink pussy?" 

With her eyes wide with lust, she nodded yes and stated, "Please!" She turned back to concentrate on sucking Dave's cock but soon that concentration was interrupted with a feeling of a cock head entering her pussy. She gasped, "Oh god that's huge!" Slowly, Damien inched his cock into her pussy. 

"Wow you're tight!" With Damien's cock being so big, he had to take it slow. Jennie was trying not to panic because he was stretching the walls of her pussy to the brink. She had never been stretched so much in her life. Finally, Damien's cock was rammed all the way inside her pussy. 

Dave couldn't help it, "stop right there," he said. "I need to see your cock in her pussy!" He rose from his sitting position for a few minutes to go around back of them. What he saw, floored him. Jennie was on her hands and knees with the biggest cock he had ever seen inside her pussy. It was a beautiful sight. He came back around and sat back down in front of Jennie but not before kissing her and telling her, "Baby, you are so beautiful with your pussy stretched with that enormous cock in you." 

Jennie was beaming. She was in ecstasy. The minute Dave had moved, Damien had begun to ram her pussy like he had never had pussy before. He was pounding her so hard that within two minutes of Damien entering her, she was cumin. She couldn't believe how fast she had started to orgasm. 

"OH MY GOD!!!!!" she cried. "Fuck me hard, Damien! Fuck Me!" she exclaimed. Dave couldn't believe that his wife was actually begging Damien to fuck her. He loved getting to see Damien fucking her and knowing she was enjoying it. Just watching them made him want to cum. Dave grabbed Jennie's head and forced her to suck his cock. He was going to make sure his wife was stuffed in two of her three holes. As he was thinking of his wife getting stuff, a thought crossed him that maybe later, he and Damien could both fuck her-Damien in her pussy and himself in her ass. With this thought Dave came deep in Jennie's mouth. 

With cum in her mouth and a huge cock in her pussy, Jennie couldn't help but continue to cum. Within a few minutes of Dave cumin in her mouth, she felt Damien getting ready to cum. 

"Oh god! I need to cum! Can I cum in you pussy?" he exclaimed. 

"OH YES cum in my pussy! Cum deep in me baby!" she cried. Damien felt his orgasm mount and then he came sending wave after wave of sperm all in her pussy. He couldn't believe how much cum he sent into her. God he hoped she was protected because he was sure one of those little babies would get by. 

Jennie was spent. She couldn't believe her luck. She had just been stuffed in two holes at once and loved it. However, she didn't have time to think because Dave had grabbed her and decided he needed to fuck her. Cumin in Jennie's mouth is always good but not as good as fucking her. He thought about it for a second and knew that fucking her in her pussy wouldn't do her much good considering Damien was bigger then him. So with this thought, he got behind her and rammed his cock in her ass. She yelped for half a second then started to moan. 

"Oh God YES, Dave! Fuck my Ass!!!" Dave continued to fuck her loving the feel of his cock in her ass. Dave looked up and noticed that Damien's cock was rock hard again. 'Man this guy must love watching Jennie cum,' he thought. 

Dave stopped but not without a protest from Jennie. "Hold on one second baby! I am not finished. Get up for just two seconds. Hey Damien come lay on the floor over here. Okay Jennie, sit on Damien's cock. That's it, just like that. Now hold still. I am going to shove my cock in your ass," Dave instructed. Jennie was scared. She had never had this before but she knew that if it had to happen, she would want these two men doing it to her. As Dave was getting into position, Damien grabbed her head and began kissing her to relax her. As Dave inserted his cock into her ass, she relaxed and let them take control of her body. It took about three minutes for them to get coordinated but once they did, Jennie was in heaven. She had never felt anything like this before and she couldn't believe how many orgasms she was having. 

"OH YES! FUCK ME! This feels soooooo good." She exclaimed over and over. They continued to fuck her like this making sure that she was totally the center of attention. Damien was sucking on her perfect round breasts while Dave was playing with her sweet pink pussy. "OH God Yes cum in me. Fill me with your cum!" she screamed. That was all the encouragement that they needed. Within seconds they were both cumin, Damien in her pussy and Dave in her ass.

After Dave had finished cumin, he removed his cock from her ass and stood up. Jennie was still sitting there on Damien's cock, when Dave picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. Damien got up and followed. Jennie was so tired that she was almost a sleep before she was laid down. Dave climbed into bed beside her while Damien was standing at the door. "Well I guess I will go lay down in the guest room," Damien stated. 

"Oh no you won't," exclaimed Dave, "come lay on the other side of her. She would never forgive me if I let you go to the guest room. You are now welcome in our bed anytime you want and I mean anytime." With a smile, Damien walked over to the other side of the bed and cuddled up beside Jennie.