 Sara drove her car into the garage adjacent to the airport hotel. She found a parking place near the entrance. Before getting out of her car, Sara checked her makeup and ran a comb through her red hair.

Yes, she was going to go through with this. She had decided in late December that she really wanted to experience this. She had thought about it for over a month, hoping that an opportunity would present itself. She had broke up with her long-time boyfriend on New Year's Day, as he lived in another city, and it just was not working out. She had been on several dates since then, but again, the opportunity that she desired did not occur.

Sara quickly laughed at herself. Sure, someone is going to find little old me attractive. She was 41 years old, but not over the hill yet. She only stood 5-2, and she admitted she was a little heavy. But she more than made up with her auburn hair, her lovely breasts and ass, and her sexual appetite.

This would be the night. Sara had decided a couple of weeks ago that she needed to visit a hotel that was hosting a convention during the middle of the week. That would maximize her chance of accomplishing her resolution. The hotel she had chosen was near the international airport, and constantly hosted many nation-wide conventions. This particular convention was focused on medical technologies. There would be a wide variety of attendees, from salesmen to professionals. Sara worked in the medical field, so she could blend in to the convention. She really did not care what type of work they did, as long as they were married. Sara decided to come to the hotel about 9 pm on the third day of the convention. She knew that the married male attendees would be quite horny by then, and she would have the best opportunity to accomplish her resolution.

Sara got out of the car and walked towards the hotel entrance. Must remember where I parked the car, she thought. It was a little chilly, but Sara's winter coat provided her enough protection. She opened the door, and walked down the corridor. She had visited this hotel before when she actually attended a convention three months ago, so she was somewhat familiar with its layout.

Sara headed past the lobby to the spacious bar area. Oh, a target rich environment was laid out before her. But she walked past the bar, and headed to the coat check area. She gave the woman five dollars. She could not sit in the bar with a coat with her – a dead giveaway that she was not a guest in the hotel. 

Sara then walked over to a bank of phones to watch the crowd. The convention had several evening sessions scheduled to run for about two hours. Many of the sessions were now just getting out. Several of the men looked her way as they walked past her as she pretended to listen to her voicemail. Sara gave them a smile. Sara started to feel comfortable, and decided that she would follow the crowd into the bar area. She hung up the phone, took a look at her outfit in a hotel mirror to ensure that she indeed looked fine, and walked into the bar.

Sara found a seat at the bar where she could look at the mirror behind the bar and see almost everyone in the area. This would allow her to be a little discrete, as she scanned the crowd. As she expected, most of the people here were males, though Sara thought to herself that a few of the women present would be ideal sexual partners tonight. Sara cautioned herself that she was here to accomplish her New Year's resolution, and there would be other opportunities and times to explore her bi side.

She liked this hotel and this particular bar because she knew that a band would start playing in a few minutes. Sara loved to dance, and she figured it was a better icebreaker than the typical pickup lines that she often heard. Besides, women could always dance alone or with other women, no one thought the wiser. The band started its first set, a sort of jazzy modern number. By this time, the bartender, a perky young thing, had delivered her a seven and seven. Sara again cautioned herself that she would limit herself to no more than two drinks. The dancing would burn off some of the alcohol, but she wanted to be in control with a clear head tonight.

Looking at the mirror, she spotted three pairs that were potential partners. For what Sara desired, it would be important that the two men were comfortable with each other. Discretely glancing their way, Sara looked for the desired jewelry on their left hand. Clearly, she could see one pair with no wedding rings present. Scratch them off her list. Too bad, they looked like they might be exciting in bed. That left a pair sitting in the center and another pair in the back right side. The pair in center, she spotted one wedding ring. These two were also scanning the crowd, looking at the dozen or so women in the bar. The other pair was in an intense conversation with themselves. Probably salesmen trying to impress each other, Sara thought. Hmm, which group to approach first.

A man approached her from her left side suddenly interrupted Sara's surveillance. "Would you care to have your drink refreshed?" said the man, who appeared to be in his mid thirties and beginning to lose his hair. Sara's drink was more than halfway full. 


Sara turned and looked at the man and said, "Well thank you for asking, but I'm OK right now." The man smiled and said, "That's fine ma'am, I sure hope you are enjoying the convention?"

Sara smiled in return. "Yes, the convention is really fascinating with all the new technology that is being shown. Things are getting so small and easier to use. It should make my job a whole lot easier when some of this gets to market."

The man nodded in agreement. He seemed a little uncomfortable that Sara was jumping right in and talking about the actual convention. I guess she isn't a hooker then, he thought. "Hi, my name is Paul, and I'm from Norfolk, Virginia."

"My name is Sara, and actually, I'm from two hours south of here. I don't detect a southern accent. You are not originally from the Commonwealth of Virginia?"

"Nope, born in Pittsburgh PA. Been a salesman all my life, and have had the opportunity to move around quite a bit."

"You are so lucky. I was born in the central part of the state, and except for a trip to Europe five years ago, I have never been more than one state over," Sara said.

Sara glanced down at his hands. Yes, a wedding ring was attached to his index finger. Could this be the one?

"Paul, did you come alone, or did your lovely bride travel with you in order to do a lot of shopping in the city?"

"Funny you should ask that. Lauren did come on this trip, had some frequent flier points that were about to expire. She spent the day shopping. Lord, I'm going to have a big credit card bill! She got back, and we had dinner, then I came downstairs to attend a presentation. Lauren said she was going to take a short nap and rest up."

"Rest up for what?"

Paul turned a little red. He stammered, "Well, she said that she had bought some new clothes, and she was going to model them for me later."

"Just model new clothes?"

"Well, probably a little modeling, and well, you know, who knows what that might lead to."

"What would Lauren think about you offering to buy me a drink?"

"Actually, she would not mind; if it were to lead to something."

"Something?" said Sara.

Now Paul paused and looked around to ensure that no one was listening. He then said, "Lauren and I are looking to get with another woman for some fun."

"I see." Sara now could feel her own temperature grow higher. Her mind flashed back to the threesome she had had seven months ago with that man and woman, married, but not to each other. It turned out to be both women's first lesbian experience, so it was fun, but not great.

"What did I say or do to suggest that I might be interested in you and your wife?"

"Oh, I saw how you were using that mirror behind the bar to survey the crowd in the bar. I also saw how you happen to be pausing and watching a couple of the women over there. You licked you lip while you were watching them. Those were the first indicators."

"First indicators?"

"Then you asked about my wife. And then your remark about my saying she was going to model her new clothes. One thing led to another, I guess. I just seemed to get that vibe from you."

Paul continued, "It would not be Lauren's and my first time with another woman. She travels with me at least once every quarter, and while we are away from Norfolk, we try to have a threesome."

Oh, Sara thought, an experienced couple. That sounds like fun. But it would distract from why she came tonight. She needed time to think.

"Paul, do you have any pictures of your wife?"

"Yes, several of her," pulling them from his wallet. Paul showed Sara five pictures of Lauren. A couple of head shots, several of her standing next to a statue. "That's her when we went to Salt Lake City, that's where the Olympics happened last year." And there was another shot of her sitting in the back of a boat in a bikini. "And this is our trip out to Vegas, actually Lake Mead."

Sara looked at the pictures. Lauren looked to be a little taller than Sara; her breasts were certainly fuller than hers. Paul's wife was a very cute brunette. Not skinny, but not fat either. She looked good enough to eat.

"Paul, I must admit I find these pictures of your wife very attractive. There is a reason why I am hesitating in answering your request."

"And?"

"While, I came to the convention to have a threesome. I had a threesome with a gal and guy a few months back. It was fun, but it was my first time with a woman, and it was her first time too."

"So maybe we should go up to my room. But why do you hesitate? Do you want me to call Lauren and have her come downstairs so that you can meet her and talk first?"

"Paul, I came here to have a threesome, with two guys."

"Oh, I see now why you are so hesitate. It must be tough, choosing between a bird in hand, me and my wife, or the possibility of one of these guys out here."

"Yes, that is my problem. Well, I have not been successful in getting any of my boyfriends to agree to have another man join us in bed. Seems you guys really enjoy having two women though."

"Yes we do. Lauren has talked about having a threesome with another guy, but I either have not found someone I could trust or feel comfortable with."

"Why don't you go and ask Lauren to come down here?"

"OK, let me give her a call." Paul pulled out his cell phone, and called his room. "Hi Lauren, how was you nap?" Paul listened to his wife, nodding and affirming several things that she said. "Honey, why don't you put on some of those new clothes and come down to the Lobby Bar? Yes, that outfit would be quite attractive. Have I found anyone yet? Let's leave that until you get down here. Won't tell you if it's male or female. Maybe you will get your wish tonight honey. OK, see you in 15 minutes or so."

"Paul, so you might consider having Lauren have her threesome with another guy?"

"Actually, I figure that it might be easier to pick up a buddy of mine or another man around here, and then we could have a fore-some. Then each of us could get what we wanted out of tonight's activities."

"Well Paul, that is quite a solution to Lauren's and my problem."

"Just here to serve."

"OK, so who in this room do you know? Or do you want to go with a stranger?"

"Well, sharing my wife with another man for the first time, I think I might prefer an associate. But most of these guys can't keep a secret, and I see them every so often. Hate to have to share Lauren every trip. So let's wait until Lauren gets down here, and you two can pick from the litter."

"OK, may I have another drink? It was a seven and seven. Also, you better get Lauren a drink too."

"Bartender?"

This gave Sara a chance to think. This was even better than her resolution. At the worse, she would be spending the evening in Paul and Lauren's arms. She started to scan the room again, looking for a potential partner.

Paul got her new drink, and together they started to talk about each of the guys in the room. He pointed out a few of his buddies, and Sara mentally marked them off her list.

In a few minutes, Lauren came up to the bar. Paul picked up her drink and his, and suggested that they move to an empty table in the corner. That would give them a good view of the room. Paul introduced Sara to Lauren, and the two of them brought Lauren up on what they had been talking about and what they proposed.

Lauren said, "Oh Paul, that would be the best of both worlds. Are you sure you are ready to watch me with another man?"

"Well, I suspect that I might be busy myself, maybe too busy to watch. Duh, of course I will be watching you honey."

They all shared a laugh.

The band struck up an upbeat tune. "Lauren, would you like to go out on the dance floor? Maybe we can be the honey to attract a bee?" said Sara.

"Yes, that sounds like fun."

Lauren and Sara got up from the table, and moved out on to the dance floor. There were five or so other couples dancing, and it was not a slow song. Paul watched from the table, enjoying the two of them dancing together, thinking about what probably would happen later that night. Paul was also watching to see which guy might have the nerve to get up and dance with Lauren and Sara. He suspected a couple of guys were thinking about it. But none of them apparently had the balls to do so.

At the beginning of the next song, Paul got up and began dancing between Lauren and Sara. He was not a great dancer, and the two women offered some encouragement while trying to avoid laughing. After the song finished, Paul bowed and thanked each of them and went back to the table, while Lauren and Sara continued to dance.

One of the guys at the next table started to get up. He walked out on the dance floor, and approached Lauren and asked her to dance. Lauren said she was dancing with Sara, but if he would like to dance with them, he could. The guy started dancing around the two women, but it was apparent that he was attracted only to Lauren. After that song, he excused himself and sat down at his table with his buddies.

This seemed to open the door to several of the guys. Over the next three songs, several guys got up and danced with Laurent and Sara. At one point, Paul counted three guys dancing with them. The band then took a break, and Lauren and Sara returned to the table. Sara excused herself to go to the ladies room.

"Oh, Paul, you can really pick women I like. Sara is such a dear. I can't wait to get between her legs."

"Willing to serve. I don't know if we have any qualified males in this crowd."

"Well there are a couple of candidates – are we limited to just one?"

"Lauren, you are so mischievous. I think that four is all our little king size bed might handle."

Sara then returned to the table. "What have you two been talking about?"

"Paul thinks that there is no other male qualified for tonight. I told him that we might pick two or three. Paul thinks that the bed could not hold them all."

Sara just started laughing. Hmm, having several guys might be really fun. Plus having Lauren there, with all her experience, might broaden her horizons more.

As soon as the band started up, Sara and Lauren jumped up to dance. After the first song of this set was over, several of the guys who had danced started to get up, but realizing that the next song was a slow one, they immediately sat down. Except for one. He walked up to Sara, and asked her if she would like to dance. Lauren nodded, and started to walk off the dance floor. But Paul was there, and began slow dancing with her.

"Hi, I'm Sara."

"My name is Dan."

Dan was a fine dancer. He moved Sara around the dance floor. No bumping and grinding. This was really turning Sara on. Halfway through the song, Paul tapped Dan on the shoulder, and they exchanged partners. This time Lauren had the opportunity to move around the floor, while Paul ground into Sara's pelvis.

"Paul, I think we may have found our fourth."

"Yes, I agree Sara."

After the song ended, Lauren invited Dan back to their table. They chatted a bit. Dan was a technologist, and worked in northern California. Dan was married, but said he and his wife had an open relationship. Lauren did not believe him, and asked some really personal questions. Finally, Dan pulled out his cell phone, and called his wife. He gave the phone to Lauren, who then asked Dan's wife if she truly did not mind. It turned out that Dan's wife was already entertaining with their next-door neighbors, sitting nude in their hot tub.

Sara looked at her watch. It was almost 11 pm. Finally, Lauren and Sara asked Dan if they would like to go upstairs. It turned out Dan's room was much smaller than Lauren and Paul's, so they headed to the married couple's.

The four of them got in the elevator. After the door closed, Lauren started to kiss Dan. Paul pulled Sara to his lips. Hmm, Sara thought, he is such a good kisser. The elevator stopped on an intermediate floor, which caused the four to stop. No one got on, and as the door closed, Dan went over to kiss Sara, while Lauren and Paul watched. Dan was even a better kisser than Paul, not by much. This could be a good start to a very great evening.

They finally arrived at the right floor, and Dan and Sara followed Lauren and Paul to their room. Paul unlocked the door, and held the door as the three of them entered. They had a suite, a completely separated living area from the bedroom. Sara thought that they paid a fortune for this room, but Paul said he got it at his corporate rate.

Lauren dragged Sara into the bedroom, and told the guys that they needed to get comfortable. Paul said that they were going to get into the hotel bathrobes, and open a bottle of wine.

As soon as Sara walked into the bedroom and Lauren closed the door, she immediately began kissing Sara. Sara wrapped her arms around Lauren and returned the kiss. They kissed each other on the neck and mouth, and Lauren started to unbutton Sara's blouse. Between the kissing, Sara and Lauren somehow removed their clothes down to their bra and panties.

Sara now started to get a little worried, as there was no way she could fit into any of Lauren's clothes. Lucky, Sara was wearing some very nice underwear from Victoria's Secret, so she did not feel too underdressed.

Lauren pulled off her panties, and Sara could see that she was shaven except a thin half-inch wide strip above her vulva. She reached in the closet and pulled out a pink teddy. As she started to put it on, she reached into the closet and pulled out a Japanese kimono and handed it to Sara. Sara put it on as she watched Lauren put on her teddy. Lauren then handed Sara a hairbrush, and Sara combed her auburn hair. They both adjusted their make-up, and then stood up from the bed and admired each other.

"I should just lock the door, and let those two watch porno and play with themselves," said Lauren.

They both started laughing.

"What's that, the boys are using the phone," Lauren said. Sara looked over on the nightstand, and saw that the light was on. Lauren put her finger to her lips indicating to Sara to be quiet. Lauren then pressed the hands free button, and immediately pressed the mute button.

"Oh, Dan, Mary is eating me out while Sam is fucking her from behind."

Lauren said, "That's Dan's wife's voice! I bet that Paul and Dan decided to call in order to have a little phone sex while we got ready."

Sara went and sat down on the bed next to nightstand, so that she could better hear what was being said. Dan's wife was giving a blow by blow of what her neighbors were doing to her. Sara could feel herself getting excited.

Then they heard Dan's voice, "Brenda, go get your dildo and put on your strap on. I want you to fuck Mary while Sam fucks her up her ass."
