 At the completion of the games on T.V. this afternoon, the three of us returned to the house to clean up. Tina headed to her room, and Ann and I to ours to shower and change clothes for tonight's dinner.

"Have you figured it out yet?" Ann asked me, giggling as she dropped her towel and stepped into the shower.

Momentarily distracted by her nakedness, I stammered "I...uh...I...um...what now?"

"Have you figured out what your New Year's surprise is?" she replied loudly over the rush of the water now cascading over her body.

Thinking to myself, that I'd already had enough surprises for the day. Honestly, I could have fallen into bed content that this day had already been fantastic. Between making love to Tina into the wee hours this morning, then waking up and doing more of the same, and to top it off, the afternoon by the pool, was relaxing, but sexually draining. I could use a nap.

"Sorry babe, I haven't even thought about it," I paused thinking of the past surprises lately, and if she was this excited about it, it must be something good. "But now that you mention it, you have me wondering!"

"Good," she replied, "I want to keep you in suspense!"

I just smiled and looked in the mirror, noting my '5 o'clock shadow' looked more like 11 o'clock. I turned on the hot water in the sink to shave while Ann finished up in the shower. We completed our duties at about the same time, and I handed her a towel, and eventually her robe. She exited and resumed her progress of getting ready to go. Now freshly shaven, I jumped into the shower myself, looking forward to whatever it was Ann had planned out.

Completing the shower, I noted that Ann had picked out my clothes for me again. She loved doing that, and I was used to it by now. Usually this meant she was looking forward to undressing me later, and I liked that about her...always planning ahead. She was actually quite smooth, planning our sexual escapades far in advance, and pulling them off so smoothly, that they seemed spontaneous. She knew that I liked the "unplanned" nature of our sexual relationship, and she worked had to keep me guessing, and keep things surprising.

After drying off, I pulled on the silk boxers with what appeared to be fireworks on them. After pulling them over my ass and settling them on my hips, I looked inquisitively at Ann. 

"They're fireworks, for New Year's!" she said happily, and then giggled, "or they are little cum-shots! I like that; I think I'll call them your new Cum-shot Boxers!"

I laughed back at her with that last statement, I swear, sometimes, it was scary how much she had the insatiable libido of a guy. She thought about sex as often as I did, maybe more often! I watched her enter the walk-in closet and close the door behind her. Weird, I thought for a moment, what's she doing with the door? Figuring she was wearing something special for this occasion, I finished with my hair, and finished getting dressed.

So I pulled on the black slacks, black oxford shirt and silver tie. She had pulled out my patent-leather slip-ons and a black 3 button jacket as well. Wherever we were headed, it called for a decent dress code. I dressed and headed downstairs to the kitchen, grabbing a glass of water, I sat at the table, reading what was left of the paper, intently awaiting the arrival of the two women in my home.

Tina was the first to join me in the kitchen, although I heard her come from down the hall, her heels clicking loudly on the dark cherry hardwood floors. While her arrival wasn't surprising, what she was wearing was definitely a shock!

When she appeared from around the corner of the kitchen, my jaw dropped, and I reflexively inhaled. She was wearing the same electric blue spaghetti strap dress I thought I talked her out of in the store a few days ago. It clung to her body like cellophane. The blue silk stretched tight over her breasts, her nipples obviously poking through the thin fabric. I could definitely make out her tiny slit of a belly button on her tight stomach. The dress stopped mid-way down her toned thighs, her slender legs pouring into 5 inch black stiletto heels. The shoes were strappy, and crisscrossed her ankles several times before tying closer to the bulge of the calf muscles. My eyes took forever giving her a "once over", which was more like to twice or thrice over at this point. My eyes followed the contour of her body back up to her face, now beaming as she realized my reaction. Her hair was tightly curled, and pulled up and back, revealing her neck, and what looked like a pair of Ann's dangling diamond ear-rings. She looked exquisite, and as I said to her before, this dress and those shoes for that matter, were screaming 'fuck me!'

"We'll hel-lo there!" I said happily.

"Hey stud," she began, "want to take a hottie out on the town tonight?"

Before I could answer, I heard Ann's voice from behind her as she approached, her own shoes making her approach known long before she came into view. "How about two hotties?"

When Ann rounded the corner, I gasped at the vision in front of me. She struck a dramatic and seductive pose nest to her sister. Ann's hair was done the same way as her sister's; her ear-rings from Christmas were dangling from her ears. They were similar in style to the ones Tina now wore, just slightly larger, and much more expensive I thought. As my eyes traced her body, she wore the very same dress Tina had on. With Ann's slightly larger breasts and hips, it was every bit as revealing. Her breasts stretched the thin silk, and her nipples poked through the material, not leaving much to the imagination about the aroused state she was in. The gentle curve of her ample chest narrowing dramatically at her waist and flaring out again, created a perfect silhouette of a woman's hour glass figure. The dress stopped slightly higher on her legs than Tina's, and Ann's ankles were tightly strapped into a similar pair of stiletto heels.

I stood up and walked around the table to get a better look. As both women now stood before me, my cock lurched from within my pants. It throbbed at the sight of these two beauties, now looking more like twins than sisters that were nearly 5 years apart. I throbbed again.

"You'd better be careful with that thing!" Ann pointed at my crotch, and grinned.

Tina responded by making a sexually charged expression with her pouty lips, and finishing her statement with, "oooo, but not too careful" as she then smirked and locked eyes with me.

Both women looked stunning, and I couldn't wait to get them out of the house, where I could be the envy of every male catching a glimpse of us! I walked towards them, extending an elbow for each woman, they both carefully slipped a hand into the crook of my arms, and the three of us walked toward the front door on our way to wherever Ann had planned.

We all piled into Ann's BMW, the top was closed, and needed to be. These women weren't in the mood to have the wind messing up what they'd just worked incredibly hard to perfect. My cock was subsiding slightly as I slid into the driver's seat, with Tina next to me. It surprised me that Ann had slid into the back, but really made no difference as I started the car and backed out, looking towards our leader for the next instructions.

One word escaped her lips, "Boulders."

I smiled, looking at her, raising an eyebrow, awaiting confirmation. She just nodded once, and looked at the clock. Then added, "and step on it stud, our reservations are in 20 minutes."

The Boulders was at least a 35 minute drive under normal driving conditions if a person was to follow speed limit. But I had no intentions of us getting off to a late start. I stomped on the gas and popped the clutch, the rear tires of the M3 bit hard, and the car lurched forward, quickly rocketing us out of our street and with a few deft turns we exited the neighborhood. Driving in traffic was more of an exercise on a slalom course, the ample power at my fingertips passed traffic with ease as our average speed bordered on what a cop would absolutely consider 'criminally speeding'. 

The girls had fun on the drive, sitting in their seats giggling, enjoying my effortless control of our little German sports car. My two years of amateur racing, and time as a driving instructor at the local track in town had given me the confidence and skills to handle this car smoothly. In a few moments we were out of the proper part of the city and racing down a rural two-lane at nearly 100mph. The car seemed to actually improve it's handling with speed, and I held it just under the 3 digit mark until I caught some traffic forcing me to grab a lower gear and ease onto the brakes. Moments later we were at the resort when Ann had made reservations.

I pulled up at the main entrance and brought the car to smooth stop, pulling the hand brake and dropping it into neutral. Already opening both our doors was a pair of valets, sharply dressed in their uniform jacket and slacks.

"Good evening Miss," I heard as his partner echoed, "Good evening Sir," on my side of the car. The other one started again, "can I help...you...with..." he fell silent as Tina exited the front seat. He was completely dumb-founded, and as Ann piled out of the door behind her, I think he actually had a stroke. I stood and looked at him, totally speechless, so was his partner on my side. I slipped my valet a $50 into his coat pocket, his attention diverted to the women he didn't notice my outstretched hand. I then ambled over to the ladies side of the car, where Ann was slipping her guy some money and whispering something into his ear.

I wondered what she was saying, but he nodded, and both valets got into our car, and slowly drove off. Weird, I thought, usually it only takes one guy to park a car. I looked at Ann, she smiled, and I again extended elbows to both women as the three of us walked arm and arm towards the massive double doors of the hotel. 

Two door men, open both doors wide for us, and we strolled in like we owned the place. Pausing after entering, playing up the dramatic entrance as best we could, and ensuring we had everyone's attention in the lobby, we walked through the large front entry, passed many small 'conversation areas', toward the rear of the hotel where the entrance was for the restaurant we were eating at this evening. As we walked, the lobby fell silent; all eyes followed us across the room. I felt like some kind of 'rock-star' walking like this with both of these classy, yet provocatively dressed gorgeous women. 

I couldn't wipe the grin off my face as we entered the restaurant. The host just raised his eyebrows at us as we entered. The girl's tight, revealing dresses were clearing pushing the boundaries of their dress code. 

"Reservation for Ann," she stated with a smug glace toward the flamboyant host.

He looked rattled, "of course, Miss," he started, "right this way, we have your table ready for you!" 

I allowed the ladies to follow him, with me in near pursuit, noting the reaction of our arrival had the same result with many of the restaurants seated guests as the people in the lobby. I smiled, and walked briskly to keep up as we arrived at what could only be considered their 'finest' table, in the center of the room, against the glass, with a complete unobstructed view of the moonlight valley stretching far back towards town.

"Table for 4," he started again. But Ann silenced him again, "our final guest is on their way."

Who could that be I thought to myself, as the ladies sat down, and I took my place with them. I was against the window with Ann sitting next to my right, and Tina sat across from Ann, both the girls enjoying the attention of having their napkins placed on their laps, before our host disappeared again into the dimly lit distance.

We sat discussing the restaurant, Ann and I had been here a couple years before on an Anniversary dinner, but not since. Tina was gawking at her surroundings. "This certainly is the nicest place I've been since, well since last week!" she chuckled and looked at me. She was referring to our lunch outing nearly a week ago now, visions of eating a meal with Tina and then ravaging her on the balcony of my office filled my mind for a moment. My cock throbbed just that the mental image of Tina on her knees in front of me for the first time, worshipping my cock. 

My train of thought was abruptly derailed as our waiter seemed to appear at the edge of our table out of thin air. Raw combustion must have created this thin, but well groomed man, clearly in his late thirties, or maybe early forties, he spoke in a soft tone, perfect English, refined over the years of working around the city's wealthiest as they came to dine here as we are tonight. He recited tonight menu, and specials from memory, knowing every last detail about each dish, and asked us what we would like to drink. Ann ordered a bottle of red wine and four glasses. I was surprised, we'd sworn off alcohol since Tina moved in, trying not to give her any temptation to drink. I inadvertently gave her a questioning look.

Tina caught it as well. "It's okay there big boy," she said smiling.

I didn't say anything, just looked at her, with a slightly disapproving smile. 

"I've never felt more confident about myself and my abilities in my entire life!" She paused, "Scott, you and Ann have taught me a lot in the past week, and I wanted to celebrate with one glass of wine, a sort of toast to casting off my old life, and beginning a new one."

"One glass, huh?" I asked.

"Yea stud, only one, besides..." she looked at her sister, "I think I might need to loosen up a bit anyway," the grin that followed that remark gave something away to Ann I knew nothing about. 

These two sisters were having a conversation all to themselves. Whatever it was they had planned, clearly it was meant for me to find out later. The suspense had me curious though...why the matching dresses? In my experience women never, ever, under any circumstances, wanted to be caught wearing the same dress as another women. Hell, I felt like Robert Palmer walking in here with two sisters, that tonight looked more like twins, and now another unknown guest was joining us, what was this all about?

"Who's our guest?" I asked casually, I'd been surprised since we sat down and Ann alluded to another person joining us. I thought for a moment that it might be Ted, he had attended our part last night, and he and Tina seemed to hit it off. Possibly Ann knew someone from her office she wanted to introduce to Tina. But the way they were both dressed was way to provocative for a colleague to join us, not to mention a 'first date' given Tina's new more conservative outlook.

"You'll find out soon enough." Ann coyly stated as she smirked back at me.

Moments later the wine arrived, our waiter opened the bottle at our table, and presented me with the cork as he poured a small amount into my glass. I always laughed at this archaic custom of sniffing a cork to judge a wine. Clearly my palette was not distinguished enough for this task of evaluation. But I pulled it off, nodding my head and picking up my glass. I took a small sip, and the warmth of the red wine warmed my palette, it was actually exquisite, and I nodded my approval. He poured three glasses and promptly vaporized into the darkness. 

We continued to make small talk, my eyes adjusted to the light and I surveyed the room as best I could. It was still pretty dark, but nearly all the tables were full this evening, no surprise for a place with a reservation waiting list 30 days deep. Not to mention that to get a table in this place, on a holiday night like this, you needed one of two things in great abundance; money, or a tremendous amount of clout. We had a little of each, but not to roll at this level. I wondered how Ann had secured this table on a night light tonight.

Movement caught my eye in the aisle, about 20 feet away on the steps down to our level. A pair of strappy stilettos came into view, long, thin legs perched atop them as my eyes followed the up the female figure coming towards me. It was too dark to make out her face, but as she neared, I noted that she was also wearing an electric blue, silk spaghetti strap dress, matching Tina and Ann. It took a second for me to register that this must be our fourth guest!

She neared, and I first caught the silhouetted spikes of her hair topping her head, framing her thin face, still occluded by the light, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Clad in the same tight blue dress that did nothing to hide her thin frame, and her tiny perky tits, even her hip bones were slightly visible through the fabric, but I knew unmistakably who this girl was before her face came into the light, it was Alison!

She arrived at our table, and I practically fell over myself, trying to stand up and be a gentleman, rising before the lady sat down across from me. 

"Hey there stud," she started, "surprised to see me?"

"Uh, yea...you could...um...say that!" I replied, as I turned to look at Ann. She just sat smugly, watching me make an ass of myself. Thankfully Alison sat down quickly; I poured her a glass of wine, and sat down myself astounded at my surroundings.

It was now apparent why Ann had stayed so secretive about tonight's addition. Now Ann, Tina, and Alison surrounded me at this cozy table, making me the center of attention to everyone that walked by. These women, all three of them looking stunning separately, but sitting with me, dressed alike, we looked like something out of a music video! It must have been quite a sight. Nearly corny, but I was sure I had everyone in the restaurant's attention. I think every employee of the restaurant stopped by the table to ask if everything was alright, all the time gawking at the sensual women, in 'traffic stopping' outfits surrounding me. I thought to myself, I look like a pimp.

I raised my glass, "A toast..." I started, "to all the intelligent, beautiful women sitting at my table here tonight."

The girls raised their glasses, clinking them together in the center, and all of us sipped our wine. I looked over my glass at each of these beauties. This was certainly a new experience for me, having the lavish attention of three beautiful women at the same time.

Here was Alison, a smoking hot 19 year old blonde sitting across from me, who had blessed me with the gift of her virginity only a week ago. Not only that, but she had become the first woman Ann had allowed into our bed, and we'd all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Then Tina, Ann's sister, a ridiculously hot brunette in need of some guidance and direction in her life now post-rehab, had found just that inside of a very caring, and passionate relationship with me. And then of course Ann, who was orchestrating this entire endeavor. My brunette wife of many years now, still smoking hot as ever, was helping us to explore the boundaries of our love, and using it as a strength to help her sister, and the two of us to reach places that wouldn't otherwise be possible. 

Ann was an amazing woman, and I was thankful that I'd asked her to marry me years ago on that white sandy beach in Florida. That day she was so happy, she couldn't even speak, her eyes just filled with tears of joy and she hugged me. She proudly showed off her new ring to her Mom, and her parents had welcomed me into the family with open arms. It was just the two of us then, and we're proving now, that the bonds of trust and love have more levels for us than most people can comprehend, but it's who we are together that makes all of this, that much more special.

It wasn't long before the conversation led to school for Tina and Alison as well. Tina would be finally starting her last semester at school in a few days, and Ann and I would be there every step of the way to encourage her, and help her complete her schooling on a high note. She didn't take the most 'direct' route to a Bachelor's of Science in Legal Studies; her drug addiction kept her out of school for nearly 3 years, then with over 2 years of rehab down in Tucson, she set herself back quite a bit. But since then, she's been a straight 'A' student, even tackling the challenging task of starting a College Scholarship fund in the name of a friend of hers that died from a heroin overdose. She was becoming well rounded, and from the look of things over the past few days, Ann's plan to put the final piece of the puzzle in place; and it was working tremendously well...much to the enjoyment of Tina and me as we spent more and more time together.
