 After re-loading the beer in the cooler, I mingled with our guests helping to ensure everyone was enjoying themselves. I was trying my best to be a good host, but couldn't knock the images out of my head of Gloria and Kent on the pool table, and Alison letting me impale her tight little body in the garage just a moment ago.

When I noticed that Gloria and Kent had made their way back into the house, I stepped out to make the pool table available to the rest of our guests. Immediately people took up the pool cues and began playing, someone turned the radio up outside and many people made a makeshift dance floor out of the cool deck surrounding the pool, and the diving board. 

Watching this I could hardly believe all the gorgeous women at this party, I already knew Ann, Tina, Alison, but Sally from my office looked fantastic, John's wife Bridget was dancing with Sara, my neighbor from next door. Had they been naked, this could have been soft-core porn, they were half-drunk and having fun gently grinding on one another; their husbands John and Mark were just laughing off to the side, I'm sure with semi-erections as they watched their beauties suggestively touch each other. Hell, any guy watching them was going to be bulging out of his pants in no time!

Before I knew it, it was 11:45, and time to double check my firework set up. Excusing myself from my small talk with Tina and Ted, I headed to the end of the yard and started my checklist while the party continued on. I completed my checks and in moments we had but a few minutes left as everyone gathered outside on the patio to ring in the New Year.

Ann stepped out in front of everyone as I took my seat on the table where all my wiring terminated into the control button. She thanked everyone for coming, and told everyone how she hoped we would all have a healthy and prosperous 2008! She glanced at her watch and everyone joined in as she counted down from 10.

"3...2...1...Happy New Year!" Everyone cheered, as I pushed 'the button' down and sent screaming bolts of lightening into the air. The first few were obnoxiously loud and bright and went off like cannons in the sky. The next were more colorful, everyone did the obligatory "oooo" and "aaahhhh" as the colors illuminated the yard, and desert behind our home. The '2008' sign that I erected onto the fence lit up brilliantly with bright white fireworks, the 6 foot tall letters were completely oversized in the backyard, but a little 'over the top' was acceptable. 

The display continued for a few minutes. I moved over to Ann as the Grand Finale started off, we had fireworks of all shapes and colors going off in the night sky, temporarily illuminating the neighborhood in brilliant colors, and causing neighbors down the street not invited to the party to cheer, and a few car alarms went off. Ann and I kissed softly, but passionately through the chaos, celebrating the New Year together in our own little world as your lips held us in an embrace.

As it subsided the Judge was the first to congratulate and thank me. "Absolutely fantastic job, Happy New Year!" he bellowed.

The rest of our guests had similar congratulatory remarks, and hearing them made me feel good, that we were still doing something fun and unique. Maybe it wasn't as big (or expensive) as the ones all over town, but it was special and personal. 

A short time later, the majority of our guests began making their way out as they said thanks to Ann and I for hosting such a fun party. Soon it became just a quiet party of our closest friends and neighbors quietly sitting by the fire pit outside and a small group inside in the kitchen.

After cleaning up a little of the mess inside, and saying goodbyes to nearly all our guests, I sat down near the fire pit next to Alison who had been talking to our neighbors Mark and Sara. They both seemed pretty intoxicated as they groped and fondled each other throughout their conversation. Stopping to kiss at length, as Alison and I just smiled at each other, wanting to do the same but knowing for now that was off limits.

Suddenly Sara stood up, a little wobbly, and exclaimed, "I want to go swimming!"

Mark stood up and held her shoulders, steadying her, "But sweetie, you didn't bring a swim suit, maybe we should go home and go to bed."

"You just want to fuck me Mark," she shot back, "You'll get that, but right now I want to go swimming!" 

With that last statement she shook herself loose from Mark's grasp and jogged barefoot around the pool to the diving board. She walked to the edge and curled her toes over, bouncing softly on the spring board. Her ankle length silk red dress did nothing to conceal her bra-less breasts bouncing with her on the board. Just when I thought she was going to jump, she did something totally unexpected. She reached up to her shoulders, pulled the dress over them, and let it fall to the board. She stood in front of us across the pool, totally naked. Suddenly there was not a stitch of clothing on her body, and it was magnificent!

She had either extremely perky natural breasts or 'bolt-ons', I couldn't tell in the moonlight from across the pool. Her shoulder length blond hair framed her face beautifully, and her breasts were large, maybe a 34D, on her petite frame, her pink nipples stood at the very tips, staring at all of us across the pool. She had a very narrow waist that looks drastically skinny compared to the D cups that filled her torso. I could hardly tell from this distance, but it looked like she left a small strip of blonde hair trimmed just above her clit, and the rest looked bare. Her smooth and toned legs looked like they could hold my head like a vise if I was lucky enough to be eating her.

She bounced a few more times, and then dove in. I looked at Alison, who was gawking along with me. Mark was speech-less, I couldn't tell if he was embarrassed or excited.

Sara surfaced again, now her hair was pulled back along her head, her breasts gently washing back and forth with the pressure of the waves in the water on her chest. It was so erotic I felt my cock spring to life in my khakis.

"Come on Mark," she called, "you're not going to let me swim by myself are you?"

Mark didn't say a word, in fact he hesitated a little and looked at me. "It's your call dude," I told him, "you can do whatever you want in my pool with your wife!"

That permission was all he needed as he started pulling his own clothes off. I looked over at Alison who was thoroughly enjoying the site of Mark's well developed naked body appearing in front of us, as Mark dropped his pants a few feet away from her. Alison leaned over and playfully smacked his ass before he jumped in. 

Mark swam over to Sara, and they immediately locked lips in a passionate embrace. She wrapped her legs around him as he gained his footing on the bottom of the pool, gently lifting herself onto his hips. This new position caused her breasts to rise up out of the water like two fleshy submarines making an emergency surface. Mark freed his hands and cupped them holding them impossibly higher on her chest than they already were.

Alison and I looked at each other; she knew I couldn't do anything to destroy the image of my monogamous relationship with Ann. She glanced at my crotch, "You wish I could help you with that, don't you?" she whispered.

"You have no idea," I replied.

"Oh I know exactly how much you do!" she giggled back, as she stirred again in her seat.

"You're wet again aren't you?" I asked coyly. 

Mark and Sara were moving closer now and Mark was sitting on the edge of the sunbathing step. Sara was wrapped around his waist, both of them still passionately kissing each other; they were close enough that I could hear her soft moans as she ground along what must have been a very rigid shaft.

"Flowing like Niagra," was Alison's response. She squirmed uncomfortably in her seat, clearly filled with the desire to release her sexual tension.

"Why don't you join them?" I asked her, smirking like the devil himself, instigating this young girl into further debauchery.

"Oh no, I couldn't," she tentatively replied.

I sat back, allowing my cock to grow in my pants, carefully watching as Mark leaned back onto his elbows to get a better view of Sara's enormous breasts. In doing so, he allowed Alison and I a much more inviting view as well. With her closer now I could see how hard she was. Her pink nipples stuck out like bullets, even her areolas were swelling from their perch, high on the very tips of Sara's torpedoes. I gently readjusted my cock in my pants to a more comfortable angle as I took in the sight of my entwined neighbors.

I looked over at Alison again, she was slowing squeezing and releasing her legs, I could tell she was getting more and more uncomfortable with her own wetness. Through her thin blouse her nipples pushed through, rock hard, stimulated by the fabric rubbing against them as they yearned to be free and touched directly. She was licking her lips and the pace of her breathing was becoming labored.

Ann suddenly appeared out of no where. "Wow!" I heard from her voice next to me as she gazed upon the couple just 10 feet away, completely nude and dry humping each other as they made out like high school kids in front of everyone.

"Holy shit!" I heard Kent exclaim. 

"That is seriously hot!" Gloria said, her voice lowered, obviously being turned on at the sight in front of us.

Ann looked at me, and I nodded at Alison, directing her attention to the poor little teenager sitting next to me, now hotter than a firecracker and soaking through her skirt.

"Baby," Ann started, "They look like they'd like some company."

"I don't know," Alison said reluctantly.

Sara overheard, she broke off her kiss with Mark for just a moment. She looked directly into Alison's eyes, burning a hole into her lustful stare, and nodded her head quickly in their direction, clearing inviting her into the pool.

Alison, looked at me quickly, I nodded back. She looked back at Sara, and she repeated her invitation. After that, it seemed that Alison's clothing vanished they were off so fast. She lifted both her skirt and blouse over her head with one swift motion; freeing her tight little 18 year old body from the confines of her clothing. She stood in front of me, in nothing but her thong and heels. My cock nearly ripped through my pants I was so hard looking at her perky tits, topped with her tiny pink rock hard nipples, her slender hips, and tight little ass. She clutched the hip strings of her thong, and yanked it off, bending in half at the waist. Her clean shaven pussy lips poked through her legs at me for the second time tonight. Even in the relative darkness I could tell she was soaked, some of her juice was already running down her legs. She took her heels off as fast as she could. Looked over her shoulder at me, knowing what she had caused in my crotch, and leaped into the pool.

Mark hadn't seen a thing, and was initially startled when they were interrupted by the splash Alison made jumping in. She quickly joined them, and Sara locked lips immediately with Alison, I nearly blew my load in my khakis. Mark joined them in the kiss, and the three of them made out as Mark put his arm around Alison's tiny waist pulling her in closer to the two of them.

Sara grabbed Alison nearly out of Mark's grasp, kissing her wildly before lowering her mouth to Alison's tiny tits. She made loud sucking sounds and moaned as Alison's nipples disappeared into Sara's succulent mouth. She broke off and Alison returned the favor, licking and sucking Sara's nipples on the ends of her huge breasts as Sara threw her head back and moaned loudly, clearly enjoying the attention and skillful work of Alison's mouth. I found these two gorgeous, sexual girls, pawing at each other incredibly erotic. One blonde with heavy, massive breasts, pressing against the slightly younger, much more petite one with a tiny chest was incredibly arousing, and my cock was now dripping precum, creating a wet spot on the front of my pants.

Ann sat down next to me as Alison got more 'acquainted' with our neighbors in front of us. I looked over and noticed Gloria and Kent watching as well, Gloria was breathing heavily as Mark gently stood behind her rubbing her shoulders. Her breasts stretching the fabric of her shirt, I noticed she was pressing her ass against the front of Kent's pants.

Alison was now straddling Mark's face as Sara began positioning his cock for entry into her tight little slippery cunt. Mark hungrily lapped at Alison's tight little pussy as it streamed her juice into his mouth. The mere sight of these two women, sexually molesting Mark, much to his own satisfaction, was making me jealous as hell. My cock oozed more precum out of the throbbing head, still enslaved in my pants.

Ann slid over closer to me, and gently began kissing my ear. She knew my ears were sensitive, and for a second I closed my eyes as millions of nerve endings lit up across my body, electrifying my skin to every sensation. I turned my head and kissed her passionately, out tongues dancing with one another in our warm mouths. Ann twisted around and straddled me, pinning my cock between her pussy and my stomach, as she moaned into my mouth. She nearly made me cum in my pants with what she said next.

"I want to fuck you in front of an audience," she moaned into my ear.

I looked over Ann's shoulder for an instant. Alison was shuddering on Mark's face, clearly in the throes of her own pleasure, her back arched, her own hands pulling on her nipples, as she moaned in ecstasy. Sara clearly turned on by the teenager cumming on her husband's face, as she moaned each time she thrust Mark deep inside her. 

Ann regained my attention by gripping my cock in her little hand. "I said, I want this inside me, right here, right now!" Her voice sounded almost angry.

She pulled off my black sweater with one deft movement and removed her own as well. She unhooked her bra with one swift motion spilling her mounds into the cool night air. They bounced happily in front of me, our chests were bare, and she was using her Weapons of Mass Distraction, as she called them, to her advantage, smothering my face in her soft flesh. My tongue darted out and my lips hungrily sucked at her pink fleshy tips of her mounds, stiffening instantly to my touch.

She stood up in front of me, unbuckled and unzipped my pants, yanking them off and discarding them with my shoes somewhere behind me. I sat there totally naked in front of everyone, but I wasn't interested in looking at anything but Ann at this very second. She bent over in front of me, dropping her skirt, revealing she had been wearing no panties, and unbuckled her heels and tossed them over my shoulder too. She turned around grabbed my cock, and pulled hard, forcing me to stand up, and follow her into the water.

Just as I reached the edge of the cool deck, Ann stood in ankle deep water, just low enough to slip my cock into her mouth with just the slightest bend of her legs. She engulfed me, my hard rod pulsed hard, and I almost came.

"Oh fuck!" I heard a female voice exclaim from further into the pool. Sara was holding herself in place, but shaking violently on Mark's cock, obviously cumming hard on his tool. Mark still lapped at Alison's tight little cunt as she moaned and writhed herself, half bent over, licking Sara's plump tits.

Ann released me and ordered me to sit down in the water, and I followed. Sitting down with my arms on the edge, she turned around, facing the threesome, and very slowly bent over grabbing my knees between her ankles, I leaned forward and slid my tongue through her slit from her clit to her tunnel of love, already glistening and dripping with her own anticipation. She didn't linger as she quickly lowered herself, grasping my pulsing, throbbing member in one hand, effortlessly sliding me into her searing hot pussy. She was so hot and wet my cock slid all the way in to the hilt as her ass pressed down against my pelvis.

My hands reached around and grasped her soft breasts as she began to pump up and down on my cock slowly. She and I were both watching the threesome as they enjoyed finishing off that position and broke slightly only to reposition themselves. Sara laid down on her back on the side of the pool, her legs hanging off the side, and Alison got out as well quickly straddling her in a luscious 69. Mark moved between Sara's legs, and with Alison's help, slipped his engorged cock back into his wife's soaking gash again, as she moaned with delight. Alison lowered her head and began to lick Sara's throbbing clit as her husband slow-fucked her on the edge of the pool.

Meanwhile, Ann hips pumped me in and out of her with more intensity now. I cupped her tits, acting like a bra so they wouldn't slap painfully against her ribcage as she bounced her way to her first orgasm on my cock. She shuttered, and I felt her pussy tighten around my entire length as she drove me in deep, filling her as she squirmed.

In the corner of my eye I caught a naked Gloria and Kent entering the pool. Gloria immediately turned around, kneeled in the water, and bent over the edge doggy-style. She then presented her round ass to Kent, by arching her back as her full breasts pushed into the cool deck. Kent stood behind her, admiring the view of his wife's large round ass, before kneeling behind her, and driving his cock into the hilt, deeply penetrating Gloria's already well fucked cunt. This was round two for them, but from the noises Gloria was making, you'd think they hadn't touched each other for months. 

I was brought back to my own pleasure as Ann started pumping up and down again on my stiff shaft. I loved fucking her in this position, reverse cowgirl was always my favorite, and the position of her feet flat on the ground, her body lifting up off me completely and then slamming back down felt amazing. Not only that, but it accentuated her heart shaped ass, and visually drove me crazy. Her pussy clamped down on me again after a few more pumps, a slightly larger orgasm ripped through her body, she milked my cock as she drove me deep, gently bumping her cervix.

"Oh fuck yes!" Sara exclaimed as Alison let loose with a torrent of girl cum into her mouth. I knew exactly how she tasted, and how that pussy could contract and explode, and Sara was at the receiving end of a very sweet and powerful snack! She immediately clamped down on Mark's cock with her own orgasm, shuddering and writhing underneath Alison's body. I watched as Mark groaned, and pulled himself out of Sara's gushing pussy, presenting his cock to Alison, merely inches from her mouth. She opened her mouth wide as he flung his first salvo of sperm onto her cheeks and lips. Launch number two landed on her forehead and nose, he thrust his cock into her mouth before assaulting her face again; her cum splattered face sucked him in greedily as he continued pumping gobs of his warm goo into her gullet.

My cock throbbed even harder now, stretching and filling Ann's tight little cunt more fully. She continued working my pole and in out of her pussy more frantically. Impaling herself now and causing my cock to tear into her with each thrust downward. It felt like she was trying to feel my cock up in her throat with how hard she was pummeling my entire length. Her ass slammed down on my hip bones each time she bottomed my cock down against her cervix. She grunted and moaned each time I filled her. I gripped her hips now, allowing her breasts to spill free from my grasp, and she replaced my hands holding them herself. The bouncing was probably painful, and she wanted to stimulate her nipples. I held onto her hips, helping her stab herself with my pulsating prick.

I looked over at Kent pounding away at Gloria. Her tits firmly pressed into the smooth tile on the edge of the pool, as he assaulted her from behind. She grunted and rocked forward each time he slammed against her ass. I noticed she was watching Ann ride me just a few feet away, we locked stares. I looked into Gloria's eyes, as our respective spouses pounded the shit out of each of us. For a moment I thought we might both have been envisioning fucking each other. My concentration was broken with Ann's wailing.
