 I pulled up and parked adding our car to the other 8 that were already in attendance. This was an invitation only evening and dinner for the 12 principle investors of the W.T. Power Group. I opened my door; walked to my sweet Darya's, opened and held her delicate gloved hand, she slide from the car. She looked up t me a little apprehensive but smiling none the less. This was our first meeting with the entire group since I joined our investments with theirs at the beginning of the year. Doing that had been the best decision we had made. We were now multi-millionaires and there seemed to be no limit. 

Darya looked amazing, no incredibly amazing. She was like a living sculpture, a Greek goddess, perfectly proportioned from head to toe. Her features amazed me from the first time I saw her. Her face, her eyes, her legs hips and torso were in perfect proportion. I used to kid her that she could have easily been a super model! She always reminded me that her short stature, 5 feet 2 inch, was very much too short and her breasts were much too big for her frame. Ahh, her breasts, they seemed to defy gravity with their perfect slope and upward curl to those pink pointed nipples and then the perfect half circle curve around the bottom until the skin met her chest. And it met with a radius without hint of a crease or wrinkle. Her perfectly matched set she claimed were too big. I scoffed and always reminded her of her perfection. She always blushed and smiled.

Tonight, we were instructed was to be a night of celebration and indulgence! Our invitation had also included some vague instructions on "black tie" and "as sexy and daring a dress as she wants" but to come prepared for almost anything! We were excited and hoped this group would mirror our own open and sometimes wild desires. Sexy and daring sounded promising! We began our assent of the steps leading to the doors. 

Darya seemed to float. Her dress was more like a shimmering cloud than a daring evening gown. The sheerest white gossamer fabric was discretely covered with a pattern of sequins and glitter giving the appearance of fine lace. The delicate pattern accented while almost covering her famine charms. I could not help but watch her move. Each step she took she seemed to float. The gown was deeply cut exposing her beautiful cleavage nearly to her navel. Her perfect breasts swayed and bounced with each of her steps but somehow stayed neatly tucked in keeping her nipples just out of view. The back of this elegant creation had straps that crossed in the middle connecting the sides of the deep, very deep "V" that echoing the design of the front descended down to expose the shapely cleavage at the top of that amazing ass! Still in some trance I couldn't take my eyes off her. I had joked that it was a double cleavage gown. But Darya had fallen in love with it and I in love with her all over again. We both agreed it fit the description of a celebration and indulgence.

The lower steps ended on a wide landing. I noticed they were marble that seemed to reflect the moon light of the year end sky. I stopped took Darya in my arms and slowly spun her around as if we were dancing. On her head she wore a tiny pointed tiara that glinted as it too caught the moons glow. Around her neck hung a delicate silver chain with an elegant single sparkling diamond. This beautiful creature, my Darya, truly did shimmer like the stars veiled by the high clouds.

I took both of her hands and looked deep into her eyes. Her smile was radiant! Her face framed by her long dirty blonde hair, as she called it, was angelic. She had grown her hair long at my request. It now reached past the middle of her back. Those long soft curls and her deep Mediterranean blue eyes always left me weak in the knees. I held her hand, brought her close and we kissed. Ascending the rest of the steps was like a dream, or fairytale as the gown trailed behind her and we floated up to the doors. 

There to greet us was Miles. He was the mastermind, the investor who never seemed to make an error, my child hood friend who, even though there was almost 20 years difference in our ages, had become my lifelong friend. Oh the stories of mischief and naughty ideas I could tell you! My love of the outdoors had taken me to the mountains of Colorado while he had opted for warmer climes and love the gulf coast. Tonight I was glad to be here, this fairytale could not be happening without the warmth of this star lit beautiful night. He greeted us and introduced his wife Anna. We each took turns kissing the cheeks of each other's wives and were then ushered into his mansion home. I had not noticed the other 3 couples walking up the steps behind us but he did, and repeated the greeting with each of them.

We hesitated, waited near the doors while the others entered and followed our host to the large marble veranda. Here we each accepted a glass of champagne and told to "mingle, dance, enjoy, and get to know the others". That we did. Darya took my arm and together we mingled and introduced ourselves to the group. The men all must have gone to the same tailor as the variance in tuxes was very small. Darya fit in perfectly. Her gown was the perfect choice as the other women were dressed much the same with dresses of every style and sheerness. The women were visions of incredible beauty, like clouds of varying sheer color wrapped around a heavenly, yet human form. And the music from the chamber orchestra inspired dancing! We danced, exchanged partners, mingled and became friends.

The volume of the mingling and dancing was interspersed with laughter and rose until the dinner was announced. The dining room was a glow with silver and china that reflected the brilliance of the candelabra. We were attended to by beautiful young waitresses in sexy French maid costumes. The meal served more than matched any 5 star restaurants I had ever been in and the conversation never stopped. By the time Miles rose consisted of some information about the past years investments and the direction for the coming year. He purposely kept things short telling us we had each been sent more information to look over at a later date. "Business" he informed us was not why we were gathered and dessert was served. 

Miles led the way and as each man passed through to the veranda doors was presented a small curious gift box to be opened at midnight. The veranda was now softly lit with what appeared to be floating lanterns and moonlight making the 11:30 hour even more magical. The group, now friends, talked, ate the light dessert and drank more champagne. The orchestra was gone but music still floated through the air. We all again engaged in dancing and traded partners with our new friends while waiting for the midnight hour. I could not help watch as Darya's several partners softly ran their hands up and down the soft skin of her bare back and playfully let those naughty fingers caress the soft exposed cleavage at the top of her ass. She danced, smiled, accepted and even enjoyed the attention to her beauty. I also danced and caressed my few new partners as we floated around in this bewitching night. 

At just before midnight we each as instructed, found our own partner. The night air was very comfortable, even a little warm. I remarked to Darya that I was glad we weren't home in Colorado where there was 3 feet of snow. An evening like this would not be possible and she would freeze to death along with the other women! We moved to the balustrade and gazed out at the moon light reflecting off the ocean. But my eyes were on Darya as she watched the waves. The moonlight made her softly sparkle. Our eyes met. Our lips met. Our soft kiss said the unspoken words we each needed to hear. I sat the small box on the marble railing, lifted the lid just enough to peek inside. Fine silver strands were twisted in to a choker style necklace. Darya's name was engraved over W.T.P.G. I opened it further and in the lid read "Wives' Trust Power Group". I smiled and closed the box.

Only a minute to go, we strolled back to where most had gathered to wait the last few seconds of the countdown. My heart was racing. Thinking to myself I realized it was a collar, a symbol of a woman's trust in her man. Darya had a few at home, but none like this. When she wore them she became my perfect submissive and took her power from the knowledge that she could perfectly trust her life and love in me forever. The sounds around me brought me back to the present. I gripped my beautiful Darya's hand... 5...4...the chant rose in strength as I opened the box and took out the silver collar...3...I moved behind her...2...I held her hair away from her neck...1... "Click" a small magnetic fastener held the silver loosely around her neck. Darya let out a soft sigh. She seemed now more relaxed, a calmness came over her. Wearing a collar had always meant she could now trust herself completely to my care. Her head rested against my upper chest and shoulder. I kissed the top of her head. We cheered and toasted with the others.

The other men were just beginning to look into their boxes. Some puzzled, yet smiling. Darya's back was still against my chest. I slid my hands up Darya's slender body to her shoulders and eased off the straps. The fabric slid from her body and pooled around her feet. Removing her barely there g-string panties would make her the group's first woman nude. The others seemed frozen as they watched us. Miles smiled and nodded his approval. He knew I had quickly realized what the gift and the name of our group meant. Still behind Darya, I kissed my way down her back feeling a shiver from her as I went. Knowing her trust, I hooked the white string that traced over her hips. I slid her panties down her legs and she stepped out. Now except for her thigh high stockings and white heeled sexy shoes she was nude, gloriously, beautifully naked, just as we liked her. I stood to the applause of the group. Darya turned wrapping her arms around my neck as I wrapped mine around her waist. We kissed.

I turned her back around so she faced our friends. She leaned against me and held her champagne. I handed her my glass as my arms encircled her. I cupped her firm breasts in my hands, kneading her soft flesh as I kissed her neck. Then tweaking and exciting her marvelous nipples and watched the others watch us. Darya simply breathed deep and basked in the attention. She spread her legs as she felt one hand slide from her breast and down her abdomen. I found her pussy. Her breathing deepened until an audible sigh escaped her. My fingers parted her and one slid into her wetness. 

Miles moved behind Anna and everyone heard the click from her collar. She grinned like a sly cat. Miles ran her little zipper down and her strapless gown dropped to the marble. She wore no panties, no stockings, only her heels. Like Darya had, she turned and placed her arms around her Miles' neck and they kissed. He released her and she turned and walked to Darya. There with a finger on my love's chin, they kissed. I released Darya and the two embraced. 

The sound of their kiss as it ended was accompanied with clicking from around the group. Each man initiated his lovely woman into the group by dropping her gown and presenting her perfect beauty to the others. The Wives' Trust Power Group became a reality. It was Miles who began, but all the men joined as we applauded the daring and trusting revelation of this intimate show of beauty. 

Miles stepped forward and to Anna said, "Thank you my love!" he raised his glass to Anna, and then to us all continued, "A most wonderful gift has been given us this new year. We men stand in the presence of your trust and your perfect beauty. I hope we may always be worthy of this, your gift. Thank you!" 

We drank a toast to their perfect beauty and a group that will empower them with the security to be the most beautiful part of part lives. I finished my champagne and knelt down before my Darya. With care and love slid one by one her stockings down her lovely legs. Removing and replacing each shoe. She now matched Anna. Before I stood, I wrapped my arms around her and traced my kisses across her tummy. I could not resist and leaning lower, not caring about, in fact wanting our friends to witness, kissed the top of her beautiful pussy and slid my tongue into her slit. For a moment I enjoyed her. Her fingers ran through my hair. I kissed again up her body, between her breasts and finally standing we wrapped our arms around each other. Our love and passion found open expression! We must have started something. The men in the group had each enveloped his own beautiful woman and were kissing her with a passion I had seldom seen expressed!

Darya and I began to dance. The music, the atmosphere, the open passion and the acceptance of its beauty made dancing now the expression of our enjoyment and open willing exhibition! Others joined us. We danced and celebrated the New Year, the new life! My eyes were entranced with Darya's, I didn't see Miles and Anna dance our way. The next evolution of our group was about to happen on the dance floor. Miles tapped my shoulder and suggested we trade partners. A moment of apprehension ran through me, but only for a split second. I spun my perfect Darya out and he took her hand. She curled into him and pressed in tightly. I held Anna's hand for a moment keeping my distance and enjoyed the beauty I was about to hold. She lowered her eyes and turned around presenting her all to my view. I held her close and we caught the rhythm around us.

Others were doing the same. Everyone exchanged partners. We each held each other many times. The stars and the early morning gave way to more champagne. Our friendships became more accepting and intimate. Each man held in his arms the beautiful prized possession of another. Yet our hands freely felt their softness. No jealousy expressed itself as hands slid from backs to soft asses. A dance of the senses was being enjoyed by all. After many changes of partners I again found Anna in my arms. Darya was being held by Miles while the entire group slowly swayed. Darya tipped toed up and whispered in Miles ear. They moved with the music until we traded back and my Darya was in my arms. 

Darya held me tight and tiptoed up and whispered, "Let me help, I am as excited as you are! And, it looks like everyone else is too!" She giggled.

I had been so taken by the dance; my own excitement had been like a secondary reaction. Darya rubbed my hard cock through my pants. We kissed.

"I told Miles what I wanted and he liked the idea!" Darya was still whispering.

She took my hand and led me to the far side of the veranda where there were benches next to the marble rail. She sat while pulling me close. I looked down. Our eyes met mine. Her hands quickly unzipped and allowed my hard cock to spring out. She leaned in and began kissing its tip. Her tongue moved around the head and her lips sucked me in. Darya's tongue kept dancing as her mouth surrounded my aching cock. Her kissing and licking did not go unnoticed by our group. She didn't seem to care. She pushed her head closer and swallowed me deeper. Within moments she was slowly and wonderfully moving up and down my shaft. Her exhibitionist side was free and she threw cares to the warm coastal wind. This group had given her a sanctuary of trust and freedom to her wildest desires. 

A few members of the group had gathered around us but Darya didn't slow. Her hands found my belt and soon my pants fell around my feet. She stopped just long enough for me to step out the swallowed me balls deep. But her eyes met mine and she pushed back with a wonderful wicked smile on her face. I moved back. As I did Darya moved up and knelt on the cushion and presented her beautiful ass to me. Her smile and lust filled eyes said it all. I moved behind her and stopped only seconds to look around. Loving, approving lust filled faces surrounded us. I moved in close pushed in. The warmth that surrounded me was incredible! My hands found her hips and I pushed harder as her ass pushed back to meet my thrust. Balls deep! We stayed there for a moment feeling our bodies as one.

An arm snaked around me, then another. Anna was hugged in at my side and Stacy, John's wife, hugged in on the other. Their heads rested on my shoulders and their husbands sat on either side of Darya. I began thrusting in and out of my love's warm pussy. She returned each thrust with a push of her own. Miles had a hand on Darya's back as John petted her hair. The scene was surreal, like we were there to share our emotions through trust completely void of jealousy. The men's hands held Darya's breasts. They massaged her soft firm flesh. Tweaked her puffy excited nipples! I felt a hand on each of my ass cheeks prodding me, aiding my every thrust. The others had gathered to watch, but not for long. Darya and I had pushed open a gate, another level of the commitment of each of us to the group.

One by one, couples followed our lead. Soon the warm dark night air was filled with the happy lustful sound of sex filled love. This was a celebration! This thought filled my mind as Anna and Stacy unwound from me and joined their husbands. Stacy laid back and winked as John fuck deep into her. Kneeling beside her, Anna took Darya's hand and presented her fine ass to Miles who slid in and began slapping his balls against her with each lustful thrust. 

The New Year had just begun!