 Her face was beautiful, flushed and just a little sweaty and her attention was focused inward on her pleasure as she rose and fell, straddling me and sliding my cock in and out of her swollen pussy as we made wet, squelching noises as I entered her. Her pregnant belly was covered with beads of sweat, and her swollen breasts leaked a few droplets as they bobbed up and down, mixing with the sweat on her belly and my chest.

I reached up and gently smeared the fluid from her breasts on her nipples and very carefully ran my fingers around the edges of the hard nubs. She responded by driving herself down on me and as I reached up and cradled her face, slipping my damp fingers into her mouth, she sucked them and began to moan.

As she moaned louder, I ran my fingers through her long black hair, and then caressed her breasts, feeling their tautness, and tracing at the pale veins that were prominent just under the tight skin and then I drove my hips upward to meet her, driving myself deeper into her pussy, feeling the swollen cervix against the tip of my cock and the very different, more viscous lubrication of her pregnancy-changed fluids.

That triggered her, and she grunted and shoved herself down on me and began to wail "oooooHooooo OOOHOOOOOOHHH" and came, clenching hard around my cock and dribbling from her breasts onto my chest. As she finished with small random contractions, I started to come and arched my back and felt my come shoot into her one jet at a time, driving upward with each contraction, feeling my come mix with her fluids and soaking us both. I pulled her to me as we both gasped and we managed to crane our necks together and kiss. 

Suddenly I felt my wife's tongue on my balls, and slowly pulled out so that she could lick me clean, and I wondered if the woman on top of me was going to be able to get licked to another orgasm.

Her husband, and her baby's father, was across the room watching us fuck and being sucked by the hostess. It wasn't quite New Years' yet, and I'd just met them about four hours ago.

When Gail and I first started going out, we told each other a lot about our romantic and sexual histories. At first it was kind of confessing, and then as we understood that each of us had open minds (and a certain moral flexibility...), they became erotically charged and a part of foreplay.

She had been involved with three couples over the last few years; one of them for quite some time, although the wife broke off with her emotionally and sexually after a bit – something that hurt Gail – while she and the husband carried on what amounted to an affair that the wife sanctioned. The three of them would have dinner or go to the movies, and then Gail would stay over and fuck Daniel, the husband, in the guest room of their home, while Sarah, the wife, went to bed in their room.

Even by my standards, that seemed a bit odd, so when Gail explained that she & Daniel had finally begun to be uncomfortable and stopped seeing each other, I understood.

But they stayed in touch, and when Gail announced to the world in November that she and I were an item, they must have decided they wanted to reopen the friendship – or just check me out – and invited us to a New Year's eve dinner at their home in Walnut Creek.

I thought we had better invitations, but Gail really wanted to go, so – as has proved out throughout our relationship – I willingly gave in and she got her way. 

I still didn't have a car, so Gail drove. She'd dressed up a bit; a flashy skirt and a stretchy top accentuated her slender waist and small breasts. I wore 'grad student dress-up' a blazer, white shirt, and chinos. I'd thought about wearing my tux, but that seemed excessive.

We pulled up to their suburban home about 8pm. Gail was bouncy, excited and a bit nervous.

Sarah opened the door and greeted us. She was Gail's size – maybe 5'-3" and slender, but Anglo-Irish looking to Gail's Japanese. She was wearing a billowing top over white slacks, and she greeted Gail warmly, pulling her in for a tight embrace which made me smile, and then took my hand and gave me a bro hug which I thought was kind of funny. 

She kissed my check and whispered "Gail seems so happy!" into my ear.

I pulled back and smiled and told her "So am I! She's very happy to see you – it's so nice to reconnect with old friends, isn't it?" I looked at her face, narrow, intelligent, with a middle-aged outdoorswoman's first beginnings of smile lines and coarsening skin. Her eyes were a hazel that was almost gold, and were the kind that made it clear you were being seen – that someone was home.

Gail walked ahead of us into the house and hugged a tall heavyset man who I assumed was Daniel. Sarah took my arm as we walked in together. 

"What did Gail tell you about us?" She looked at me neutrally.

I thought for a second. "That the three of you used to fuck, and that you broke it off, but she kept having sex with Daniel with your approval." I looked back at her, poker-faced.

She smiled "That didn't bother you?" 

"No, my life has been similarly – complex."

"You'll have to tell me all about it."

"Absolutely. But tonight is a party, so maybe not now."

"Mmmmmm, we'll see."

She dropped her arm to my waist and we walked into the dining room.

Gail and Daniel were talking to a tall, slender, beautifully dressed couple. He was handsome as well as dapper in a suit, and she was stunningly beautiful in a coat and an embroidered dress that did nothing to hide her pregnancy. I estimated that she was six or seven months along. 

He was Serge and she was Juanita; she worked with Sarah at the County, and they had been friends "for years" Sarah explained.

We sat at a huge dining table – it would have comfortable seated three times our six. Years of playing poker had given me a good sense of 'the table' and looking around, my read was that Sarah was the engine behind all the relationships here, and that she very much liked controlling things. 

We sat and had a delicious dinner, marred only (for me) by the appetizer of a ton of oysters (ick). No one else seemed to share my distaste, and they cleared the platter quickly. 

I'd brought a few bottles of a good Spanish white and one of Napa Valley sparkling wine, and Daniel apparently was quite a wine fan because he brought out some great bottles as well.

So by the time dessert came, we were all pretty happy with each other.

Gail walked around the table to me, excitement in her eyes. "Can I kiss Serge?" she whispered.

I laughed. I didn't know her well enough yet to know how fast she can switch from calm to out-of-control. "You can do whatever you want with him, baby...just be smart." 

Sarah leaned over from next to me and said "Just wait a few minutes." Then she kissed a forefinger and pressed it to Gail's lips.

Gail walked to her and sat on her lap, their faces close, and they talked quietly while I watched with interest.

Gail popped up, grinned, and kissed her on the lips softly. Then she got up, rubbed my head and walked back to her seat, grabbing a bottle off the sidebar.

Sarah leaned over to me. "You'd be OK with her kissing Serge?"

"Um, sure. Why not? I don't get terribly jealous."

"You don't? What if she wanted to fuck him?"

"I don't know...Juanita looks smoking hot. And so do you, for that matter."

"You'd fuck a pregnant woman?"

"Oh my God...when my ex-was pregnant – best sex EVER. The hormones, I'm thinking. The texture of the pussy changed – it was...amazing."

She sat back at me and looked at me curiously. Then she looked at her husband, and shifted close to me. She leaned over and put her arm around my shoulder and kissed me, softly at first, and then with increasing passion. Her tongue slipped between my lips and curled around mine.

I held the back of her head and kissed her back, until we broke to take a breath. 

Her focus never left my face as she shifted from her chair to my lap. She swung her hips slightly back and forth, rubbing her soft ass against my crotch. I suddenly had one of those annoying erections that was trapped by your pants pointing the wrong way. She reached down and grabbed it with her hand, and I closed my eyes with pleasure.

She moved herself and adjusted me so my cock was pointing up, and started slowly unzipping my fly.

I looked around the table, and realized that we were performing – everyone was watching us intently. I decided to go for it. I reached up under her blouse – it was loose and there was a gap between the bottom of the blouse and her slacks – and ran my hand up her flat but soft belly to her breast. She was wearing what felt like a lace bra, and I could feel the hardening nipple under my hand. I slowly rubbed circles on it and was rewarded by Sarah's eyes closing for a moment just like mine had done.

We kissed again as I rubbed her breast and she rubbed my cock through my boxers – she had her hand inside my zipper now.

Our bodies were tensing as we held each other more tightly. I slid my hand under her bra and gripped the warm skin of her breast, and felt the hard bump under my palm. With my other hand, I began undoing the buttons of her top until it hung open. I took my hand out of the bra, and used both hands to unlatch her bra in the front. Her breasts swung free, bigger than I had though, slightly pendulous, with bright pink nipples projecting like hard nubs from quarter-sized aureoles.

She turned to me and kissed me, then moved off my lap and knelt next to me. She opened my belt and pulled my pants open, then pulled my boxers down, freeing my very erect cock. She rubbed it, and made an appreciative noise.

I suddenly remembered Gail telling me that Daniel was relatively small.

She leaned down and took my cock in her mouth. I helplessly arched my back with the pleasure of it and threw my head back over the back of the chair. As I caught my breath, I looked at the other guests, bright-eyed, watching us.

I noticed that Serge, Gail and Juanita had moved their chairs together. He had one hand on Gails' leg and the other on Juanita's. As I watched, Daniel moved to them and put his arm around Juanita's shoulder, gently rubbing her breast through her coat.

Sarah slowly pulled her mouth off of me, and then slowly slipped down, using her tongue against the sensitive underside, and then held me in her mouth as she deepthroated me. I could feel the head move past her tonsils, and I groaned, helpless to do anything but receive pleasure. She did it again and again and again, and I lost track of everything except the warm, active mouth surrounding me and the jolts of pleasure she gave me. 

I felt the attention, and gladly, my exhibitionist side came to the fore. I'd hate to have been a modest guy getting my cock expertly sucked in front of a dinnertable full of people. They were all still watching me with faces slack with desire – Sarah was below the level of the table – and everyone seemed to have someone else's hand in their crotch.

Sarah took her hand and began gently rolling my balls in her fingers as she sucked me. That sent me over the edge and I suddenly felt the thickening at the base of my cock and began to go "Oh...I'm going to come...ogod..." and then I spasmed, knocked a glass over, and felt myself jetting come into her mouth. She kept sucking me and working her tongue over the shaft, working out every last jolt of pleasure and drop of come. I put my head down and gripped the table as she released my semihard cock and sat up, wiping her lips with her fingers.

She turned to our audience. "Great cock, tastes great – you're lucky, Gail!"

The audience, the pherenomes from all the horny people, the great oral sex – I'd come but there was nothing in my mind except fucking Sarah, right now, on her table.

I stood up and pulled her to me, and pulled off her opened blouse and bra, and spend a delicious few moments pleasuring her breasts with my hands and tongue.

Then I kneeled down, took off her shoes, and undid her slacks and pulled down her pants and soaking underwear. Her smell was incredible, and she was so soaked juices ran down her leg. Her pussy hair was shaved into a small triangle with matted light brown pubes stuck to her mons.

I reached down and gently touched her clit with my finger as I kissed her. She opened her mouth and moaned, and I took her and turned her to face the table. She was too short for me to enter from behind like that, so she hopped onto a char and knelt on it, offering me the glistening pink slit between her legs.