 This is the fourth part of the story. They should be read in order to understand the characters. To the people who have written with questions, I have answered all the email that had return addresses. If you did not receive an answer, please resubmit the question with your return email address and I will answer it as quickly as I can.

To the illiterate who wrote anonymously with the ignorant comments, feel free to write again when you receive your new box of crayons.

To my editor Celest, thank you for all your hard work, helping me to make my work more professional, and congratulations on the accomplishment that you mentioned in your email.

When you finish reading the story, please vote on how well you liked it. I appreciate the feedback; it helps to inspire me, and lets me know that what I write is being enjoyed.

****

When I woke up, I was a little disoriented. It took me a while to remember why I was in bed with three beautiful women. I got up, went to the bathroom to pee. Afterwards, I took my shaving kit to the other restroom in the other bedroom. I shaved, showered and brushed my teeth. 

I wrapped the towel around my waist and went out to the phone to order breakfast, then went to my suitcase to grab some casual clothes. I put on a pair of jeans and a tee shirt then opened the door and looked by the door for the newspaper. I had finished the first section by the time the waiter appeared with the breakfast cart. I thanked him, added a tip and signed the slip. When I finished rolling the cart by the table, I went in to wake the girls with a big grin on my face.

I quickly stripped down and walked to the bed. I lowered my face to Cheryl's crotch, and began gently eating her. She moaned in her sleep, and her eyes suddenly opened. She grabbed my head and told me, "If you don't want a mouth full of pee, you'll move." I chuckled and moved so that she could get up. 

I waited until I heard her beginning to pee, then I moved over and began to masturbate Linda. She woke up quickly looked at me, smiled and said, "Baby, I've got to pee so badly." I heard the toilet flush and heard the shower start and told her to go ahead, that it should be free. 

As she went into the bathroom, I moved over to hold Elle. I kissed her cheek and held her breast, and then I kissed her mouth. She woke and grabbed my head and kissed me back hard. Elle looked deeply into my eyes, smiled and said, "Honey, this is the best wake-up I've ever had in my whole life." She rolled onto me hard, reached down, slapped my butt and said, "That's me hitting the snooze alarm."

"You need to get up and come out to eat breakfast. We can have a nap later, okay? I just want to spend as much time with you as possible with you before you have to leave." I told her.

"Alright," she groaned and yawned, "I have to tinkle, but I'll be right out. What time is it?"

"Almost 8 o'clock," I told her.

Elle groaned, rolled over to get up then leaned over to kiss me and said, "Thank you for last night, it was real special for me. I can't believe that you did that. I know how tired you were; but you stayed up with me until I felt better. I love you."

When she went into the bathroom, I went quickly to the other bathroom and got the rest of the towels and brought them into the bathroom for the girls. When I came in, Elle was just standing up flushing the toilet. She looked at me and said with a smile, "If you wanted to watch me pee, you should have said something, I'd have waited for you."

I smiled as she came over and kissed me. Cheryl got out of the shower and walked up smiling to grab a towel and told Elle, "Linda has room in the shower and would love company," as she took a towel.

Elle went into the shower, as Cheryl grabbed a towel and dried off. I put the towels down and went out to fix up cups of coffee for the girls. I brought the coffee into the bathroom and put the cups down on the counter. Cheryl picked hers up with a smile, kissed me on the cheek and thanked me. Linda smiled around her toothbrush. Elle, who was just getting out of the shower smiled and thanked me as well.

"I'll wait for you all at the table," I told them as I was leaving.

Cheryl followed me as I went to the table. I poured myself a cup of coffee. When I sat down, she sat on my lap and said to me, "I almost wish I'd never have shared you with anyone. I want more and more of you. I was so scared that you'd be hurt last night. When I saw you smile, I knew, as if it had already happened what was coming; but I thought that they would hurt you. You moved so fast, I hardly saw what happened. When that first horrible man fell, I knew you'd be okay. I felt safe. I love you." She kissed me and laid her head on my shoulder. 

Linda came out and kissed me on top of my head. She smiled at Cheryl and said, "You've got my seat."

"First come, first served," Cheryl said, "and I want the first cum."

We all laughed, as Elle came in. She looked at Cheryl and me and said to her, "I wanted that seat."

The three of us laughed, and Elle asked as she sat in the seat on my other side, "What's so funny?"

Cheryl smiled and told her, "That is the exact same thing that Linda said when she came out here."

"You need to eat, and I need to eat too. Why don't you grab us a couple of plates." I told Cheryl.

"That's okay baby, I'll let you eat," she said as she got up and got me a plate. When she finished serving me, she grabbed a plate for herself and sat down in the remaining chair. Right after she sat down, there was a knock on the door and Linda went to answer it. Linda opened the door slightly and peeked around and began talking, then switched to Spanish.

"Enseguida, una hora y media mas o menos." Linda said.

"Quiero mas toallas." I said.

"Cuantos?" Linda asked.

"Quatro." I replied.

Linda got the towels from the housekeeper, closed the door and took them into the bathroom. When she came out, she looked at me in surprise, and the other girls were looking at me with wonder. Elle said, "That was Spanish, but I didn't understand what you said."

Linda replied, "The housekeeper wanted to clean the room, I told her that we'd be ready in an hour and a half. Davey said that he wanted more towels and I asked how many. He told me four. Let me check how fluent he is."

"Comprende espaniol?"

"Poquito, aprendo espaniol poco a poco. Espaniol es la lingua primero para mucho hente en California, y ingles es la lingua segundo." I said.

She began to question me again in Spanish when I cut across her saying, "Por favor, en ingles para las otras."

"Of course," Linda said and she began translating. "I asked him if he knew Spanish, and he said some, that he's learning it a little at a time. Then he told me that it was the primary language for a lot of people in California, and English was a secondary language. I was about to ask him if that was where he grew up when he told me to please speak in English for the rest of you. He speaks it pretty well.

"What else do you do that we don't know about Davey?" Cheryl asked.

"Do you really want to know?" I asked, and they nodded in agreement.

"Okay, you asked, I can frame a house, hang dry wall, refurbish a kitchen, build furniture, save someone from drowning, use karate, fly an airplane, rebuild an airplane or a car, learn foreign languages and some people say that I'm passable at sex."

The questions came so fast, I couldn't understand them. Everyone was talking at once. I just smiled and waited for them to work it out. Finally by agreement, they sorted out that they would ask questions in order. Linda began, "How did you learn about construction?"

"My dad had a pretty full workshop of tools that he knew how to use. One day my mom asked him if they could have someone rebuild her kitchen. He was an engineer, and she didn't think that he would be able to handle the project. He'd done other projects well, but nothing so large. He told her that he'd do it himself. He drew up the plans, bought or ordered all the appliances and fixtures, and began building. Every night after dinner he went to the shop. I'd go with him to help. At first, I'd just get tools, or parts, but by the end of the project, he'd trust me to work on my own."

"After we finished, Mom and Dad decided that we needed a bigger house. He bought a couple of books about architecture, bought some land, drew up some plans and hired a contractor who would let me work with him. Every day after school I would ride my bike to the site and help out. When it was finally finished, we moved in. I realized that other than the plumbing and concrete, I knew most of what I needed to build a house."

"Dad let me use his tools from that time on for any project that he approved. I built myself a nightstand, a desk, and helped build a table for the dining room."

Cheryl asked, "Why did you learn Spanish?"

I told them, "For a girl, same thing with German and Portuguese; but with those two languages, I didn't get near as far."

Elle said, "That's enough questions for now, I want to go lay down with him."

"Me too," chimed in Cheryl and Linda.

Linda added, "We have to be out in about an hour and ten minutes. The housekeeper is going to clean then, and I have an appointment to get my hair cut." She saw the looks on our faces and said, "It just takes too long to take care of like this."

Elle said, "As much as I'd like to, I'm still too sore to make love with you; but I'd still like to hold you."

We all agreed to just to hold each other. I lay down on the bed, Elle got in on one side, Cheryl the other and Linda lay down between my legs, with her head on my stomach.

We lay there quietly for a little while until Elle pointed at Linda and laughed, saying, "She's cheating, she's playing with his cock."

"I couldn't help it; it got hard while I was rubbing it with my tits." Linda said giggling.

I asked Elle, "Baby, do you want to go swimming?"

"Yes," she replied simply.

"How about you Cheryl?" I then asked.

"Sure, we brought your new suit and I want to see you in it." Cheryl stated.

"Let's get ready to go." I said.

While the girls got their bathing suits on, I picked up all the towels scattered all over and piled them in a corner of the bathroom. I had picked up all my dirty clothes and put them into the laundry bag in my suitcase. Cheryl handed me my swimsuit, and I put it on. It wasn't the one from the other night but a much larger one. I had to tie the suit on tight to keep it on.

I put on a pair of deck shoes, a white tee shirt and grabbed us all some towels. I then went back to the table and poured myself another cup of coffee. Elle and Cheryl came in wearing extra large tee shirts over their swim suits, and sat down, pouring themselves a cup of coffee as well. We kicked around plans for the rest of the time Elle had left. When Linda came in, we all agreed on a schedule, and left the room.

We all walked down to the lobby together, but Linda split off to go to the beauty parlor. The rest of us went to the pool. There were a couple of kids and a woman who was obviously with them, by the pool.

The woman was a cute older woman, wearing a one-piece swimming suit, maybe late thirties or early forties. Her large pendulous breasts were barely contained within the low-cut suit, and her peroxide shade of hair was cut in an attractive manner to frame her face. She looked at us with curiosity when we first arrived, then went back to reading her book.

We put our towels town on the lounge chairs near her, then removed our shirts and jumped into the pool. I noticed that the woman stared as much at Cheryl as she did at me. In her bikini, Cheryl was something to look at. The little triangular patches were not big enough to entirely cover her areolas. The ties at the side of her bikini bottom were the only thing holding the tiny strip of cloth running from front to back.

Elle's bathing suit, while not nearly so revealing, was also quite flattering. I wanted to swim some laps, but I didn't think that Elle was very comfortable in the pool, so I stayed close. After only a few minutes Cheryl got out of the pool and was drying off while talking to the woman. After talking for quite some time, Cheryl motioned Elle and me over.

The woman stared intently at my chest and abs as I climbed out of the pool, and probably at my butt as I pulled Elle out. Elle grabbed hold around my waist and kissed me thanks, I assume displaying ownership. Elle and I both sat down on the lounge chair beside the woman with Cheryl. 

Just as we began talking, the two children came running over. "Auntie Carol, Auntie Carol, Mommy and Daddy are coming." 

When they got closer, I noticed that there was a boy about 8 and a girl about 4. As they came closer the girl looked real closely at Cheryl, and said to her Aunt, "Auntie Carol, that lady has really big boobies just like you." She then turned to Cheryl and said, "Your boobies are really pretty just like Auntie Carol's. I don't have boobies yet, but my mommy says that I can have some when I get older."

The parents, who had just come within ear shot when the exchange had started, and Carol had mortified looks on their faces; but Cheryl, Elle and me were struggling to keep straight faces as Cheryl smiled and said, "Why thank you honey, you're as cute as a bug in a rug." The little girl smiled shyly and hid her face in her mom's skirt.

We exchanged pleasantries with the parents for a while; but they had to leave with the children. We continued talking with Carol and found out that she was here with her brother and sister-in-law and their kids. They were taking the kids to visit the grandparents, and would be there until the next afternoon.

Cheryl had me stand up as she started drying me off while she continued talking to Carol. Elle came over and started helping, while Carol watched closely. She then said to me, "I don't know if you remember, but I was in the lounge last night. I saw you fight those two men. The first one went down so fast that I really didn't see what happened after he pulled you to your feet. I was really surprised when you didn't hit the other one. If he would have connected with that punch, he would have knocked you into next week. What did you say to him?"

"I just explained to him that it might be better if he and his friend leave," I said simply. I then asked, "You were there with three men and another woman weren't you?"

"Yes, my sister-in-law was with the kids, the other woman was married to one of the other men, my brother was there and the last man was a friend of his from college. I think he was trying to set me up."

Carol then turned to Cheryl and asked, "Weren't there three of you girls last night? Where is the other girl?"

Cheryl told her, "That was Linda; she went to the salon to get her hair cut."

Carol then asked her, "Where were your boyfriends? They would have been able to help him last night."

Cheryl kind of blushed, looked down and said, "We're kind of sharing him..." Carol's look of incredulity prompted Cheryl to continue, "I didn't really plan it, it just happened that way. Linda came over and she was so horny I let her use him. Then Elle walked in on us, and she joined us. He's really addicting: he does this thing that gives an amazing orgasm that lasts for a half hour."

I looked at Elle, and saw that she was blushing bright red. Carol was looking intently at me with renewed interest, and possibly a hint of lust. "Out here you're going to need a little suntan lotion." She said as she pulled a bottle from her bag. She moved Cheryl out of the way, pushed me down on the lounge on my back and poured an impossibly large amount of lotion on my chest and stomach. She straddled my thigh, and began rubbing the lotion in while grinding her crotch into my muscled leg.

I looked over and saw that Cheryl and Elle had moved over to the other lounge chair and were sitting side by side watching intently with their hands moving under the waist bands of their bikinis. Carol looked around to verify that we were still alone, and then moved one side of her swimsuit aside so that her boob sprang free. When she moved forward, her nipple began dragging along my stomach from just below my belly button to my nipples, where much of her breast would rest, until she began back down.

Carol became more and more energetic, and her breathing became more ragged. I reached down and grabbed her ass, and pushed and pulled it along with her rhythm. Carol was quiet when she came, just falling forward onto my chest. I slipped my finger under the crotch of her suit, and felt the contractions wrack her pussy. 

After catching her breath she said, "Thank you, that's the first time I've come with a man in more than 2 years." She sat up and grabbed my crotch and said, "That's more than a mouthful."

I heard someone saying, "I can't ever leave you guys alone, can I?"

I looked around and saw Linda grinning at us as Carol hurriedly was stuffing her breast into her bathing suit. Cheryl's own orgasm had left her a little dazed, but she finally introduced Carol. As the girls were chatting among themselves, I got up and told them, "I've got to go shower, I'll see you in the restaurant in about a half hour." I smiled, picked up my shirt and towel as I walked away.

The room was cleaned as I went into the bathroom. I started the shower, adjusted the temperature of the water and climbed in. I was surprised when Elle joined me. She hugged me tightly and said, "I got so turned on, I had to come up here for some relief."

We finished quickly, dried off and went directly to the bed. "I'm still a little sore, could you just eat me?" I agreed and brought her rapidly to orgasm, orally only. As I lay beside her, she thanked me and said with a grin, "I wish I wasn't so sore, I'd fuck your socks off. Cheryl and Linda have plans for you today: I know you'll enjoy them."

"Tell me what they're planning," I said.

"I can't, I promised," she said laughing. "Besides, it will be much better as a surprise. I only wish I could go too, to watch."

I was slightly frustrated as I kissed her cheek and rubbed her essence all over her cheek. "We need to get dressed and meet them for lunch. Her hand was moving to her cheek as I told her, "leave it, it will turn me on knowing that it's there."

She grinned and threw on a blouse and shorts, as I quickly put on my jeans and tee-shirt. When we left, we were holding each other all the way to the coffee shop.

Cheryl, Linda and Carol were waiting for us when we came in. "Did he take care of your problem?" Linda asked with a smile on her face that reached into her eyes.

"Oh yes, and see," she answered as she rubbed the front of my jeans, "I left some for you all later."

We were interrupted by the waitress bringing us our menus, and we sat down. We were all laughing as the waitress left looking at us puzzled. We ordered and ate a light lunch and got to know each other a little bit better. Cheryl told her about Todd, and she told us about her husband.

Her husband had been an air force pilot flying a bomber called a Thud out of Thailand into North Vietnam. He'd been shot down more than 2 years ago. After 2 years the government told her that he was missing and presumed dead. Many of the pilots he had flown with had stopped by to try to hit on her when they heard, but she wasn't interested. She'd come with her brother and his wife to help with the kids, and to get away from her situation. Her brother was concerned, and tried to set her up with all his friends one at a time. His wife had contributed a few as well. Carol told us that she had more fun with us, than she had with all the others combined.

It was getting late, and we were the last of the lunch crowd by that time. Elle began looking nervously at her wristwatch and finally said, "I need to get ready to leave."
