 Friday morning, Michael left to go to the airport to pick up the girls. I stayed home to clean and pick up the house. Of course I had to jump online and chat with my sexy lil girlfriend.

We chatted for awhile as I lost track of time and before I knew it, Michael was back with the girls. I left Maria and went to do what I could before they pulled up to the house. I met them at the front door and kissed each of them.

We later went to the store and got a bunch of snacks, beverages and things that would keep us busy in case we ran out of things to do, as if we would! lol... Michael took all of us in his truck as we loaded it up and then some. It was alot of stuff for just us. We had invited 2 other friends over on Kauai but they couldn't make it.

As the evening progressed onward. We were all sitting around talking about things when I got to talking sexy with them. As the moments passed the topic became intense as I and Rio began touching ourselves. I moved over next to Michael to has been going through some tough moments and wanted to ease his mood and told him I wanted to give him a blowjob to set the mood.

I don't think he was too much into me giving him one but he soon gave in and let me suck his cock. I took my time with him, stroking his shaft with my tongue and lips as our guests watched. I took him into my mouth and sucked him in deep long motions taking him into my throat before pulling his saliva soaked cock from my mouth.

I began moving over the head then took him deep once more and repeated this over and over until I felt his shaft thicken. I pulled him out so only his head was in my mouth as he erupted and his hips lifted off the chair as he filled my mouth with his white hot seed. I swallowed as I took more of his cock into my mouth as his shaft spasmed again and filled my mouth with his come. He always tastes so good and sweet as I took all of his come and cock without spilling a drop of his precious protein.

As I moved off him, the girls applauded me for a good job. I was wiping my mouth when Angel came over and kissed me deep. Her tongue pushed it's way into my mouth as it moved side to side as if in search for the protein I had just finished sipping. I sucked her tongue and kissed it with mine as she sucked back onto mine.

She then broke the kiss and leaned down and popped the head of Michael's cock into her mouth to suck the left over drop come forming on the tip. She then grabbed me and kissed me again sharing what little she had of his taste.

Angel told me she wanted to ride my tongue and for me to lie down on my back. As I moved to the carpet, she knelt over my face and aimed for my mouth. As she lowered herself, my tongue slipped right up inside her tight folds. Moving in and out of her as she moved against me. Her juices were streaming down the length of my tongue as I lapped her.

Anastasia was sitting next to Rio and Sutan when she began rubbing herself. Moving her hand under her short skirt teasing her lips and clit. Rio, slid off her chair and placed herself between Anastasia's thighs saying that a perfect oman should never go without a partner and began feasting upon Ana's sweet juices. And draped a leg over her should and controlled her movements by pulling Rio in tighter against her shaven pussy.

Rio was moaning as her own fingers had found a nest inside her own walls as she fingered her clit while sucking the sweet pussy of Ana. Sutan sat there watching everything going on as this was pretty much the first time she had seen anything like it being the new girl and all. Michael and her were the only ones not engaged in any sexual combination.

Angel dropped her sweet pussy right down on my face as she began to come from my tongue. She moved up and down my chin as my tongue ran way up inside her canal wanting to feed off her wetness. She pulled herself off of me and rolled onto her side beside me as we watched Rio tongue fucking Anastasia while slamming 3 fingers into herself.

Anastasia soon began to come screaming out her orgasm as Rio tongue her clit in tight lil circles. Rio followed suit as her fingers rubbed herself into a wild screaming orgasm as she clamped her mouth over Ana's mound. Rio fell away backwards with her thighs spread and her fingers still diving inside herself just inches from me and Angel.

I moved up onto my knees and told Angel to get the strap on and put it on. Once on, she moved over to me so I could suck it and get it nice and slippery. I told her to get on the floor so I could mount her. She moved down onto the floor and held the shaft of the fake cock in her hand as I lowered myself onto it.

I looked over my shoulder at Michael who was sitting behind me and gave him a look at to jump on. As I slid the fake cock inside my pussy, I reached back and slid a finger into my backside. Michael came down and stuffed his cock into my mouth so I could suck it wet. He moved behind me and pushed the head against my backdoor and pushed in. I felt his head split me open as his shaft slid right on home.

He held onto my hips as I rocked on the plastic cock as he drove his cock in and out of my tight ass. Both felt so great as he fucked me hard. Angel reached up and played with my boobs, pinching the nipples til I moaned out. Pulling them as if they were radio dials. It all felt so good as I love alittle pain with my awesome sex and she knew it.

Michael was moving slower than I wanted him too but it felt good to feel his slick shaft sliding in then out of my wanting ass. I could have remained in this position for days if the sensation felt this damn good. He reached around me and covering Angel's hands as they both took turns pinching and pulling on my rock hard nipples. Michael reached over my shoulder and slid his finger into my mouth as I sucked it as if it were a cock.

I felt his shaft grow thicker in my backside as he picked up the tempo. He raised himself up as he bent me forward onto Angel and began slamming me deeper and faster. I could feels his balls pounding against my pussy with each thrust inside. I started to moan as I could feel the fake cock and Michael sliding together and against each other.

I slid back onto the cock in my pussy as Michael met my thrusts with his own. I remained still for a moment to enjoy the fullness of cock inside my body. I tightened my muscles around Michael's cock and massaged him causing him to fuck me harder. I felt him tense up as I felt his balls empty inside my rectum.

He slammed his cock into me as I felt his come filling my bowels. If all enemas felt like this then so be it. He slammed himself into me with such force that at times it almost pulled me off the fake cock. I was moaning for him to fuck me faster as I wanted to milk his come from his hard cock. He slowed the movement before pulling out of my warm ass.

He leaned back on his hands, his cock bobbing in the air as I slid off the fake cock. I leaned forward and took the head of the strap on dildo into my mouth, licking and sucking off my juices as my ass was in the air in front of Michael who slipped a finger into me as my sphincter closed around his finger.

I rolled off to the side pulling my legs together so that his hot come would stay inside my ass. Exhausted from the fucking I just had, I looked around the room and saw Sutan with her legs displayed outward and her fingers pumping and rubbing herself. She orgasmed intensely as her legs shook with pleasure.

Michael stood up and went to clean himself off, his cock was glistening with come. When he returned, he took a seat near the patio and watched some fireworks that they had on the beach.

We celebrated New Years with kisses, gropes and flirting as the time was counted down. Knowing we had the entire weekend to ourselves I think it made it so that whatever fun we had tonight, there would surely be plenty more over the weekend, and there was!