 I woke up feeling sick, not really sure where I was or what I had been up to. The last thing I remember was doing shots of Tequila with about an hour left to the countdown to New Year. I staggered to my bath room, at least I had managed to get home in my drunken state. I sat down and had a pee....ouch! My pussy felt like it was on fire, a real burning sensation. It felt really tender down there, like after I lost my virginity.

I looked in the mirror above the sink and was shocked at how bad I looked. I hadn't taken my makeup off, my pink lipstick was smudged around my lips and my skin looked really flaky. All of my hair was matted together and was all over the place.

I splashed my face with warm water and wrapped a towel around my body. My breasts looked flaky too, whatever it was it appeared to be spreading down my body. Had I caught a skin disease from the towels at the gym? My head was pounding so I headed down stairs to the kitchen to get some paracetamol.

There were empty beer and spirit bottles all over the place and dirty glasses strewn around. Must have been some party I threw! On the side by the microwave was a tape, it wasn't one of mine as I label them all. A post-it note just said "PLAY ME". Just then I felt my stomach churn and just made it to the sink in time to throw up. My mouth tasted disgusting, what the hell had I been drinking?

I poured a large glass of water and went into my living room and put the tape into my camcorder. I winced as I sat down, I was really sore down there! 

The film started in the pub and showed lots of people absolutely up for it. They were all downing shots and playing drinking games, and it appeared that I wasn't very good at them as I was always the one drinking the forfeits. You could tell I was well gone, my face was very red and I was slurring when I spoke. The front of my top was hanging open revealing I was not wearing a bra, so much so that when I bent forward to pick up my drink you could see my nipples. 

Some of my girlfriends were looking a bit worse for wear too, but I was definitely more drunk than them all put together! The guys in our group didn't appear that drunk, I guess they could handle their drink better than us girls. We didn't know any of them, we must have got talking in the pub.

As the film went on the countdown started for New Year. I couldn't recall any of it. As soon as the clock struck twelve everyone started cheering and screaming and hugging each other. All my girlfriends were kissing each other and wishing everyone "all the best". 

One of the guys I had been flirting with earlier in the night came up to me and kissed me on the cheek, but I turned my face towards him and gave him a full kiss on the lips. Someone else pulled me to him and asked if he could get a kiss for New Year too. "Why not", I said, and kissed him too. He had his and on my bum as he kissed me, getting a really good feel. It seemed like they were queuing up after that, I counted eight different guys snogging me, all of them having a grope of my body as we kissed.

As the guy with the camera panned around there were guys and girls snogging everywhere. When it came back around to me I just shouted "party at mine".

The screen faded out, and when it came back on there was a large group of people drinking and smoking in my house, music blasting out from my stereo. I was smoking, what I have no idea as I never smoke. My eyes were half closed, and as I lay back in the chair you could see right up my short skirt to the lacy white crotch of my thong. I don't know what the time was, but a few of my friends said they were going as their taxi was outside. We all kissed and hugged and a few of the guys said they were leaving too.

I'm not sure, but it looked as though I was the only girl left in the house with about 5 guys. Six I think when you include the camera guy. One of them pulled me into the middle of the room and started dancing with me, his leg in between mine so as I ground onto him my skirt rode up, exposing my thong to the rest of the guys. I looked really into it, and kept working my lace covered pussy onto his leg. Someone else came up behind me and started dancing too, his hands on my hips, but then working up to my 36c breasts. My head went back as he pulled open my top and the guy in front lowered his mouth to a nipple, you could hear me moan as he sucked on it.

I pushed the guys away from me and as I looked around the room I slipped off my top, dropping it to the floor. My skirt soon followed, leaving me in just my white thong. I was moving sexily to the music, wiggling my ass at the guys. There was a chant of "Take it off, take it off" and I didn't disappoint them. I hooked my thumbs into them and slowly slid them down, bending over with my bottom to the guys.

When I stood up I faced them, letting them see my neatly trimmed "landing strip". I was astounded, I know I can be a flirt and I am not ashamed of my body, but I had never done anything like this before. What came next surprised me even more.

"Now it's your turn, I want to see you all naked too", I slurred. 

It took less than a minute before I was in the middle of 5 naked guys, all but one of them sporting an erect cock.

"What's the matter, don't I turn you on?" I moved towards him and reaching out with my hand I took hold of his cock. I began to stroke it, and in less than 20 seconds he was fully hard.

"Guess I do!" I said.

I dropped to my knees and spread my legs, and began to play with my clitty.

"Move closer guys, I want to watch you all wank your cocks for me as I bring myself off."

They all moved in as I fingered my wet pussy, their lovely hard cocks just inches from my face. I reached out with my other hand and began wanking one off. I soon found one of them pushing his cock to my lips and I flicked my tongue out and over the end of it before taking the end into my mouth and sucking it. I was alternating now between them all, I had stopped playing with myself and was now concentrating on wanking and sucking them all off.

I sat watching myself on the video. I can't believe how slutty I looked. But the strange thing is how I found myself getting wet as I watched. It suddenly came to me what all the flaky "skin" was. It wasn't my skin, it was cum.

Back on the screen I was still sucking and wanking 5 cocks, really getting into it.

"I want you all to cum on me" I said, "Let me feel it all over me"

I lay out on the floor and began fingering my pussy, then holding myself open so they could all see my hot, wet hole. Then it happened, the first stream of cum spurted out onto my belly, soon followed by another. This seemed to set the others off and soon I was getting it everywhere, on my face, my boobs and in my hair. I had one of them aim it right at my pussy, and I used it as lubricant as I jammed three fingers into myself. One of them pushed his cock into my mouth and I took a load down my throat.

I collapsed on my back and let my hands roam over all the cum, rubbing it into my skin. The camera went all shaky as it was passed to someone else. The camera zoomed in as someone whose face I hadn't seen climbed between my legs. He was still fully dressed but had dropped his pants to free his cock. The camera was focused right on my pussy as he pushed his big cock into me. Even though it was on zoom you could tell he was very big, really thick around the girth. He wasted no time on letting me get used to it, he just started pounding into me.

I sat watching the screen, my eyes glued to the sight of his now wet cock fucking me. I opened my towel and began to play with my clitty as I heard myself on the tape moaning"Fuck me". I could feel an orgasm building up inside, and as he thrust harder into me on tape I came, my pussy squirting out fluid onto my towel.

When he withdrew I saw a large amount of cum drip from my well used pussy, and I watched myself scoop it up and lick it all off my fingers and swallow it all down.

That's when the tape ended. I sat there bewildered, I had just watched myself have oral sex with 5 guys I don't know and get fucked by a man who's face I hadn't seen, yet I couldn't remember doing any of it.

But worst of all, I enjoyed it.