 I would have thought a Navy fighter pilot would go for the cheerleader type...blonde, big tits, not too tall, maybe 5'5", intelligence not required. When the divorced wife of a Navy pilot and her 10 yr old daughter moved in next door I was pleasantly surprised to see something completely different...probably 35 yrs old she was about 5'7", dark red, almost auburn hair & green eyes, and big tits. She did meet that requirement. She had a body that reflected her age, motherhood and very good genes. Oh and intelligent...so much for the stereotype. When they coined the phrase MILF they were talking about Andi.

Andrea & Caroline were good neighbors, often at our house for BBQ or to borrow a cup of sugar. It would be about 6 months before Andi asked to borrow my wife.

Bonnie & I have been married a long time...29 years to be exact. We're pretty average by most accounts. Bonnie is 5'4" with dark blonde hair going gray & blue eyes. Never skinny, she's in better shape now than ever before. I'm George, 5'11 & just under 200 lbs, hair that started turning gray about the time our kids started to drive. Our sex life has ranged from 'oh yea' good to 'when was the last time?' but we're both comfortable with it. We do what we can to keep it lively. We enjoy watching adult movies and have incorporated several ideas from them for our own pleasure. Bonnie loves her toys...big, small, battery powered or not, almost any shape, alone or with me, she loves her toys. She also likes to torment me with phone sex, especially when she knows I can't react to anything she's suggesting. Recently we discovered anal sex. I should say re-discovered. We'd tried it when we were 1st married but our inexperience was its demise. Now we have a much better understanding of our bodies & what we like and we found that Bonnie really likes anal sex. I might even say she loves anal sex. 

We have both fantasized about bringing another woman to our bed. What she'd look like, her personality & tendencies...my wife is rather submissive ( except as noted below ); what they'd do to each other & my involvement... the only common feature we agreed on was big tits. Bonnie really wanted to fuck another woman with a strap-on. We talked about it, especially when the movie de jour involved 2 or 3 women or 2 women & a man. I'm sure Bonnie thought about it in a quiet moment, I know I did. We'd even wondered aloud how we'd go about finding the right woman. But it was just a fantasy, something we talked about as foreplay and during sex.

Then Andi moved in next door.

I think Bonnie & I both had the same thoughts about her; after being married this long you can pretty much finish each other's sentences. But neither of us spoke of it...I think because if we did then we'd be forced to either put up or shut up about our fantasy. I know almost from day 1 I wondered what she looked like naked, what she'd look like between my wife's legs or bent over our bed. 

Bonnie & Andi became quite good friends even with almost 20 years difference in age. They'd have a glass of wine on our screened porch in that rare moment when no one demanded their time or lunch when they could. Often it was just chatting for an hour in the front yard.  Then about 6 months after they'd moved in Andi came over one Saturday morning to ask my wife if she'd help her pick out something to wear that night....she was going on her 1st date since the divorce with a guy she'd been introduced to at a party the previous weekend. They agreed to get together at Andi's at 2p and, almost as an afterthought, my wife suggested I join them to provide the male perspective. After she left my wife made me promise I'd behave myself, that this was important to Andi and my continuing to suggest she wear something slutty wouldn't work this time.

That's one of the unique things about our marriage. Bonnie is not a real girlie girl, not high maintenance by any means. She dresses very nicely, a little too conservative, never wears make up or very little and won't wear high heels...even just in the bedroom for me.  I on the other hand love women in high heels. Not slutty ones, not stripper shoes but classic high heels. I love women in lingerie, especially stockings with high heels. I like women dressed in 'sexy conservative', that's to say a rather conservative or 'normal' outfit that has that sexy aspect to it....the blouse is a little too sheer...the sweater a little too tight...the neckline a little too low or too loose...an extra button undone; something that gives your imagination a reason to go there. It's never been an issue in our marriage & tonight I needed to make sure my suggestions were constructive and socially acceptable.

At 2p sharp Andi greeted us, inviting us into her living room as she explained that Caroline was at her grandparent's house for the night. She offered drinks, the girls settling on Pinot Gregio, a beer for me. The weather was unseasonably warm for mid May in Annapolis, 86' this afternoon, the weather guessers saying 58' for the low. 

"So where is he taking you tonight?", my wife asked Andi.

"He mentioned drinks at Pusser's, then dinner at O'Leary's in Eastport", replied Andi. "He's picking me up at 7."

"So we need to make sure you have a sweater or jacket since it's going to get chilly later on...and we don't want to give him the 'need to keep you warm' excuse!" my wife said with a laugh.

"No we don't need to give him any ideas!" agreed Andi, laughing. "I mean, it's been a long time since I've gotten laid but he'd have to really wow! me to get me in bed on the 1st date. He seems like a nice enough guy, but you just don't know. I thought my ex was a great guy when I 1st met him. In fact I thought he was a great guy until I caught him in bed with my girlfriend."

"So we need something that will send the right message, something that says I'm my own woman now & I'll let you know when I want to take it further", my wife suggested.

"Something that shows I'm a woman but not necessarily available, at least not tonight", Andi concluded. "So what do I wear that says that?"

"Do you want to wear a dress or pants, or shorts?" Bonnie inquired.

"I like dresses, they've always made me feel more feminine" Andi answered.

"Then why don't you show us the ones you're considering & we'll start there" Bonnie said.

With that Andi went to her bedroom to get her first choices. Returning she had about 6 dresses on hangers. She hung them on a hook on the door, except for the last one which she walked the few steps towards us with. Holding it up in front of her by the hanger she asked, "What do you think of this?"

It was a yellow print sundress with spaghetti straps & fell to just above her knees. "I don't think so" responded Bonnie. "I like the dress, it would look great on you, but not for the 1st date. I think you need something that lets you wear a nice bra under it...not for him mind you! But I think 'the girls' need more support that this would allow", explained Bonnie.

"You're right, I see your point", replied Andi. "My boobs sometimes have a mind of their own & tonight's not the night to let them set the tone."

I sat there amazed. I had no idea my wife & Andi had talked about their bodies in such detail. Bonnie never mentioned this part of their conversations. And I was surprised that Andi's obvious endowment became the focal point so soon. Oh & I wonder how big they really are? D's?

Her 2nd selection was an emerald green wrap around dress. As she held it up I could see why she liked it...the color complimented beautifully her dark red hair & green eyes. 

"That's a possibility", said Bonnie. "Why don't you try it on so we can see what it looks like".

"And put the shoes on that you'd wear with it", I added. As Andi turned to go put the dress on my wife gave me the look that said 'be careful'.

"What?" I whispered. "The shoes are part of the outfit", which was met with the 'be careful' glare from my wife again.

Moments later Andi returned wearing the dress & a pair of 4" spike sandals. The dress clung to her body, defining the womanly shape underneath. It revealed some cleavage, not a lot and stopped a couple of inches above her knees. With the high heels she was almost 6' and her legs seemed to go on forever.  It was then that I knew this was going to be a fun / hard afternoon.

"Oh, that's wonderful" Bonnie commented. "Turn around so we can see the back. I love it. The color looks great on you."

"You think so?" asked Andi.

"Absolutely, it's flirtatious but not too much; that's definitely in the running. Let's see some more before we make a decision but that has real possibilities." I was quiet throughout this exchange, keeping my mouth shut for fear I would drool or just mumble incoherently. This was fun!

Next she held up a 'little black dress', that staple of every woman's wardrobe. Please! I thought. I've got to see you in that! Of course Bonnie didn't think so. "I don't know, I think that might be a little too much for a 1st date. What do you think, Andi?"

"Maybe, but I do love this dress. Why don't I try it on & see what you think?" With that she turned to change into it & all I could think was 'Thank you!' I didn't even have to use one of my limited number of 'begs' ( life lines / challenges / etc ) to get to see her in it. 

'Wow" was all I could think when she came out, 'Ummm', was what I managed to say. I've found that 'ummm' was the perfect word for these situations. It was socially acceptable since no one really knew what you said, you could utter it almost anywhere & yet it was an acknowledgement of a vision demanding comment.

It was the classic 'little black dress' with a low cut, square neckline, hugging all her curves, ending well above her knees. She'd even taken the time to put on a pearl necklace. Completing the look were classic 4" leather pumps.

"What do you think?" asked Andi. "With this neckline, depending on the bra I wear, I can show more or less of my boobs. Is it too much?"

I think even Bonnie was a little awestruck. I took her a moment before she said, "I can see why it's one of your favorites. You look fabulous in it. Maybe we need to keep this in reserve in case there's a 2nd date, what do you think?"

"Maybe you're right. Let's see what else I have".

Holding up a navy blue knit dress with what looked like a very low cut V neck, we all agreed it was too sexy for a 1st date, at least with this guy. 

Andi would have looked really hot in this dress...the knit fabric would have clearly defined every curve; the V neck would have shown off her tits in most of their glory. Whenever I'd seen Andi dressed for work it was always rather conservative & never more than the 3" corporate heels. Even when I caught a glimpse as she left for a night out on the weekend I'd never seen her in 4" pumps or anything really sexy. So this was a whole new Andi we were seeing. Remembering the 3 previous dresses & the high heels she'd worn, I came to the conclusion that our next door neighbor had a sexy streak in her, one that I was hoping I get a chance to enjoy more of. And I had to wonder if she also had a thing for sexy lingerie, maybe even stockings?

The next dress was a soft peach color, made out of silk or a similar soft flowing fabric, a rather simple design that buttoned the entire front with a short, upturned collar. A wide belt of a darker shade peach hung from the hanger. Immediately I knew I wanted to see her in this since the style is one of my all time favorites. You see, the buttons gave the option of revealing as much or as little as you'd dare, and the ability to adjust that as the situation called for. Add a pair of high heels, with stockings if possible, and you have that 'sexy conservative' look I was talking about. Wondering if my wife would agree I waited quietly. 

"umm", was all she said at first, appearing to mull the options over in her mind. "Let's see what that looks like...I think that might have possibilities".

Uncharacteristically, Bonnie & I didn't talk or even exchange glances while Andi changed. I think both of us were considering the possibilities our neighbor presented, wondering if we could act on the fantasy.

When Andi appeared Bonnie immediately announced the winner. "That's the one, absolutely. Turn around, let's see the back...yes that's it".

In 4 ½" classic pumps, the same dark peach as the belt, the dress hung about 3" above her knees, not considering the 2 buttons undone, that combined to make her tanned legs look like they went on forever. The belt defined her waist, leading the eye to the 3 undone buttons which exposed about 1/3 of her tits. A single strand of pearls dipped into the middle of them. That's what I saw at least, having my eyes focused on a low bookshelf as she entered the room. "Wow" was all I could get out or dared to.

"Do you think so?" asked Andi. "I mean, I like this dress, I just never thought it was that fun".

"It's a classic look, refined, elegant, a little sexy, its perfect" proclaimed my wife.

After much discussion about the merits of the dress, how much leg & boob to show, what bra to wear, how to do her makeup & how she should wear her hair, we all agreed that she would look wonderful for her '1st date' & wished her good luck as we left. 

On the short walk to our house, Bonnie & I talked about everything that had happened, everything except what we were secretly thinking or hoping. Shortly after I was sitting at my computer when my wife walked by & flashing her bare tits, asking, "Want to play with these?" After 2 hours of watching Andi & thinking about the fantasy becoming a reality, I didn't need any more encouragement. Since Bonnie had removed her bra to flash me her tits as an invitation and the urgent, hot sex we had after, I was guessing she'd been thinking the same thing.

We were surprised when there was a knock at our front door around 11p. Wondering who could possibly be knocking at this hour, I looked through the window & saw Andi. Opening the door I found Andi, a little drunk, maybe more than a little.

"Since the date ended this early I thought I stop by to tell Bonnie how it went," Andi said.

Inviting her in, I offered my guess that it hadn't been spectacular. Just then Bonnie came around the corner as Andi started to reply, slurring her words only slightly. Before she could get far Bonnie suggested we sit down & offered a glass of wine, not that Andi needed any more. I got the wine as Andi stared to tell us about her evening.

"No, it wasn't spectacular; not horrible, just kind of boring." As she covered the night's events I had the pleasure of seeing some of what this guy missed out on. We had definitely chosen the right dress and Andi had made the most of it. With 3 buttons undone at the bottom rather than the 2 from this afternoon, sitting in a chair with her legs crossed, I imagined how long it would take to lick my way from her high heels to her pussy and decided my tongue would tire out well before I'd make it.

Watching her leg 'bounce' her left foot & high heel rapidly I wondered about the pleasure she was creating for herself...at least that's the way it's always been described to me; that a woman does that as a means of self-pleasure.

Hardly hearing her story, my eyes travelled up. I thought I'd seen 3 buttons undone at the top when she came in but now another was loose and 'the girls' were there for all the world to see...or at least me. Sitting the way she was she shared the lacey peach bra she's chosen for the night. Very low cut, it presented her tits beautifully, covering her nipples by less than a whisper. Her makeup was subtle yet emphasized her eyes, her lipstick keeping with the peach color theme of the outfit. What had this guy been thinking?!

Finishing their wine, the girls concluded that it was only one date & she had to keep looking; there is still a couple of good guys out there; Andi closing with, "I hope you didn't get the last good one, you're lucky to have George". With that we said good night.

Bonnie & I were hardly in bed before she had her hand on my cock, wondering out loud if 'Mr. Lucky' was ready for another round. Not waiting for my answer, she made sure he was; her mouth, tongue & hand working him back to life. She continued her oral attentions longer than usual. As she rolled away, inviting me to continue, I couldn't wait to taste her pussy. Spreading her legs wider as I moved between them, just as my tongue was finishing its 1st pass over her swollen lips, I was surprised when she asked the question, "I wonder what it would feel like to have Andi lick my wet pussy?"

To say she'd gotten my full attention was an understatement. I knew her pussy would still be there in a minute and I wanted to find out if she was ready to make that leap from fantasy to reality; ready to enjoy the taste of a woman for the 1st time.

Moving up beside her, tweaking her nipples as I spoke, I asked the question that I'd asked several times before; "Would you like to play with Andi?"

As I anxiously awaited her response I hoped to encourage her by pulling her nipples and kissing her neck. Finally she spoke; "It would feel great to have her lick me, at least I think it would. And I'd love to play with her big tits, suck on her hard nipples."

For the next 10 minutes or so she described in detail what she'd like to do with Andi & what she'd like Andi to do to her. I offered encouragement and maybe a position or 2 as I continued to play with her pussy & tits. By then my cock was so hard I had to find release; moving to our favorite position; her ass near the side of the bed, me standing at the side of the bed, her legs spread wide. For the next 10 minutes my cock enjoyed her wet, hot, tight hole while she pulled & played with her nipples; each encouraging the other to maximum pleasure. Feeling my balls tighten, I pulled out of her pussy, jacking my cock in my fist, shooting cum all over her tits and stomach, a truly huge load for an old guy, especially for the 2nd time that day.

Showering together after to prolong the pleasure, I was surprised when she broached the subject.

"Do you think Andi likes girls?" she asked. With that one simple question it began. We spent the next hour talking about the likelihood; Bonnie's fears based on her Catholic upbringing yet her strong desire to experience another woman; how we'd approach Andi & what if she said no...it all ran together as we covered the 'what if's'.

Usually that would have been the end of it. The next day if I'd brought it up, Bonnie would say it was just our fantasy & was meant to stay that way. But this sunny Sunday was a new day. Finding Andi & my wife talking in the front yard that afternoon I wondered if... 

"Andi's going to join us for dinner Thursday", Bonnie announced as I approached them. "Next weekend is Memorial weekend, Caroline is at her dad's, so the 3 of us are going to get together." I agreed it was a good idea & the girls chatted for awhile longer. 

Nothing more was said during the week about Thursday & dinner; I surely wasn't going to bring it up. Think about it, I did lots of that. But I did notice Bonnie was hornier that week, more playful. As expected she cleaned the house Thursday, agonizing over what to serve. The 2 telltale signs something was up; she had her hair cut Wednesday night ( I think she'd had it cut only a couple of weeks before ) and she changed the sheets on our bed. Not a big deal; except she always changes the sheets on Tuesday. 

My day ended early with the long weekend coming up and Bonnie had the day off as usual. It was sunny & warm, in the mid 80's. And hope was in the air when I got home around 4p. After seemingly taking a long time in the shower, Bonnie began the process of choosing an outfit. Not wanting to get caught up in that, I escaped to the shower, hoping a selection was made by the time I was done. Usually it would have been a pair of shorts & a blouse. In amazement, returning to our bedroom after my shower I found her in a new dress...French blue wrap around, wearing her liquid silver necklace. No makeup, no high heels, but I started to wonder if those 2 were planning something. At least I could hope, right?
