 When I confessed to my new husband on the second night of our honeymoon my secret attraction to other women, he was surprised but not overly so.

"Really, Katie," he said, with that same wry smile on his lips that had sent a thrill of excitement through me from the very night we met, "Do you think that's been a secret from me? I've watched you, when you didn't think I was watching. I've seen the way you look at women sometimes, that dreamy, longing look. I'm just surprised you're telling me this now."

We were in bed, in our room at the Bahamian resort that we had taken for the week. His hand, large and slightly rough, was lazily stroking my bare breasts, one and then the other. My nipples were responding, hardening against his touch, sending little currents of pleasure through me.

"I thought that, since we're officially starting our life together, it would be a good time to share that with you. I don't believe in having many secrets."

"Tell me what you like about women," David said. "What draws you to them?"

His beautiful blue eyes had taken on a new shine. He was inviting me to tell a story that would arouse him.

"Their softness," I said. "I like the ones who are soft. Curvy, voluptuous, and not ashamed of being that way. Tough, wiry women are great; long may they live—but I can have a man for that. I have you for that. You are strong and hard, and that is perfect for you. But I want the softness too. Like a pair of nice, warm, yielding breasts pressed against mine."

He drew a quick breath, and his hand dipped lower to graze across my belly. The tent in the sheets over his cock grew a little taller.

"Like a body that I can love the way I love my own."

And with my left hand, I cupped my right breast lovingly, as if to illustrate. At the same time I slipped my right hand down around the top of his thigh and found his cock, rigid and pulsing with his heartbeat. I wrapped my fingers around its girth.

"Oh yes, you like that, don't you?" I said.

"Yes."

"My hand, or what I'm telling you?"

"Both." His own hand was now grazing over my mound, an inch above my lips. Teasing me.

"But you've never had one, have you?" he said.

"No. I never had the chance."

"Or you just weren't assertive enough about finding one who would want you. Unsure of yourself. Afraid of rejection."

He knew me so well. "You're probably right."

"Baby, I know all about that. I've been there too. I finally had to realize that the chance I wanted wouldn't happen by itself."

We had paused in our caresses as the conversation grew heavy. David went on.

"But no matter. It's not a good idea to enter a marriage without having fulfilled one's major fantasies. I think we should find you a woman."

My heart wanted to leap out of my chest. It was all I could do to gasp a response.

"Here? Now?"

"Yes, here. Before we go home. We'll start looking tomorrow."

"We?"

"I'm not going to throw you into the deep end by yourself, am I? Of course I'll help. We're partners now, right? It could be a great adventure."

"Wait a minute. Are we looking for someone for me or for you?"

"For you, darling. But I hope that whoever you decide on will at least share you with me."

"Three of us together, huh? And no third leg of the triangle?"

"Would you object, if she wanted that? To complete the symmetry?"

I had to think about that for a moment. I longed for what he was offering, but how far was I willing to go to obtain it? Was I willing to share him?

He took my moment's silence as an opportunity to continue.

"Katie, I'm perfectly willing to have you play with another woman. I'll be happy only to watch if that's all you and she can agree to. I'd be happier to be one of your two lovers. Can you imagine that? Imagine me inside you while she sits on your face. Then imagine we change places and she eats you while you suck me."

His hand was busy again, stroking at the very top of my slit, letting my lips tug at and slide over my clit. I could well imagine the things he was saying. That and his touch were making me wet, filling me with hot desire, distracting me from any concern. 

"Yes, yes..." I heard myself saying.

"Now imagine all three of us sharing. Imagine the possibilities." He was stroking me harder now, making my pussy sing with need, bringing me almost to the edge of climax.

"Yeesss!" I rasped.

He slowed, stopping me short of the peak, letting me come down gradually.

"But she might not even want that," he said. "So, we'll just let whatever happens, happen, okay?"

"Okay," I agreed. I grabbed his cock and used it as a handle, pulling him toward me. He followed my lead and ended up on top of me. "Now will you please get inside me? I need it bad."

I did, and he did.

