 I had just wrapped up the details to start a prominent commercial job in Colorado with the aid of my partners wife who was filling in for him while he was in the hospital. At the close of that finalization my company had received an email from a large developer advising us that we were awarded another bid ten minutes from my Florida office near our homes and we immediately booked flights for home to coordinate it.

While in the Sarasota Airport that following morning waiting on my bags, I decide to call my barber Paula to let her know that I am back in town and to see if she is interested in another clandestine get together like she had suggested last week. Within minutes our date was set for that evening.

I arrived at the rear of the barbershop around five forty five and backed in next to Megyn who was just getting out of her convertible. She was wearing a short black leather skirt and matching top with a shining chrome zipper all the way up the front of each. Though I thought she looked extremely sexy I couldn't help think at the time how uncomfortably warm she must be in the eighty-seven degree weather.

"Hey Peter, I have been looking forward to this." She came right out and said. 

Then she walked over to me and to my surprise said: "Thank you for coming." 

Before I could answer, I heard a door close and I looked over to see Paula locking up the Back door to her barbershop. She smiled and said: "Hey you two, let's get inside where it's cool."

Moments later we were in the backroom of the little re-sell-it shop next door. Paula was right, I noticed that it was very cool in there, almost cold but everything else looked to be about the same as I remembered it.

Paula turned to me and said: "Megyn likes it cold like this." 

With Megyn less than a foot from me, Paula put her arms around her from behind and unzipped her leather top and after it slipped from her smooth shoulders, she placed it on the end table behind her. 

Megyn was beautiful, tall, tan and perfectly shaped in every way and as that top came off, she was braless and I couldn't help but notice the total absence of tan lines on her large bare breasts. Megyn reached back and hugged Paula's neck from behind and her up stretched arms accentuated the beauty and shape of her already gorgeous globes.

Her breasts are large and round and though she has a golden tan, her areolas and nipples are a light pink color, not the deep ruby or brown of most women's and like Paula's, they sit up high on her breasts, then they sweep down into large perfectly shaped spheres that curve up and rest against her chest. 

Paula kissed her neck as she slowly unzipped her skirt and as it unwrapped from around her I was surprised to see that she was wearing panties. 

When she noticed me staring at them, Megyn jokingly said: "Don't get too excited, I only wear panties when I'm in a dress or skirt so don't get any ideas ... And I am keeping my eye on these."

I guess from the look of surprise on my face she thought that she had to qualify that statement, because she smiled and added: "Paula told me all about you."

Her skin was flawless, not a freckle, bump or blemish and it glistened from the moisture of a light sweat and she smelled warm and pungent in a totally natural, unmasked and exciting sort of way. I couldn't take my eyes off of her, I couldn't believe this was happening with me, because like I said, she is beautiful and I know that she could have had anyone that she desired. 

After seeing her like this, I even wondered why she would choose to be a barber instead of an actress or top model or something more suited to her beauty. 

She has long, gorgeous, shiny smooth legs that go all the way up and make a perfect ass out of themselves before blending into a tiny waist with a hint of muscular trim at her lower belly topped off with a bit of an outie for a belly button.

From my continuing gaze, I didn't see her, but I could hear the rustling of fabric as Paula undressed and I heard Her say: "Peter, get out of those cloths, you can fold them over the back of that chair again if you like." 

In seconds I was standing naked, still just inches from them and I could feel my cock rise a fraction of an inch as it twitched with each hart beat.

Paula and Megyn slowly turned to one another near the bottom corner of the bed where they openly tongued as they kissed and fondling each other's breasts. I watched in approval as Megyn's long slender fingers cupped and caressed Paula's plump front pooch through the white lace of her panties and when she traced the indentation of her camel toe she held them to her own nose, then placed them in Paula's mouth directing her to the corner of the bed. 

As Paula sat down off the side, Megyn slid her panties down and I watched as Paula lifted her legs so Megyn could slip them off and I was thrilled when I saw her toss them on the seat of the chair that held my cloths. 

Megyn sat down on the corner next to Paula, but at the foot of the bed and said: "Peter don't be so shy, come closer." 

As I stepped in the small space between them, Megyn said: "No, come here and stand in front of me for a minute."

I felt Paula's right hand touch my left hip and she gently directed me the half step sideways to where I was facing Megyn, then she cupped the cheek of my ass and gently pulled me against Megyn's knees and I knew that this was for another examination to satisfy her curiosity. 

Megyn reached out, lifted and gently cradled my balls with both hands and stared at my throbbing dick as it continued to pulsate and fill with blood. 

Then came the comment, just a little different than all the times that I have heard it before: "Damn Paula, he is much bigger than my old man." 

Surprised from the variable, I looked at Paula and asked her the stupid question as though Megyn wasn't even in the room with us: "Is Megyn married?"

As if she didn't hear my question, Megyn wrapped both thumbs and forefingers around my sack up to its root and she began to pull and stretch my scrotum straight down and with both hands she started to fondle and squeeze my balls on their now tightly stretched cords. 

Skillfully, she wrapped her left hand around my shaft as if it was a flashlight and I watched as she sensually wet the long slender right pinky in her mouth.

The erotic sight of that action in combination with the feeling of her soft hand on my cock was so arousing that I uncontrollably closed my eyes and tilted my head back, until I felt an unfamiliar stinging and burning inside my shaft, just behind the head at my cock. 

When I looked back down, I watched Megyn push that pinky the rest of the way up my slit to her second knuckle and immediately I felt her right hand leave my cock and then the unsuspected shock of her aggressively working her right middle finger all the way up my ass.

The second that it was fully inside my rim, she pulled it back slightly then quickly shoved it back home until the tip of it found the lump of my prostate ... And then it started. 

She rotated that finger so her palm faced down and she pressed and poked it in toward my spine, over and over directly into that inner gland, and I instantly experienced a traveling lightning bolt sensation with each contact that pulsated and surged from my prostate through the length of my shaft where it exploded in a burning shocking sensation at the head of my cock. 

I felt my precum unleash and surge forward toward that pinky finger invader uncomfortably pressurizing the full length of my shaft and as I winced and drew my hips together, Megyn slowly removed her pinky.

Without hesitation, she stroked, squeezed, pulled and milked that crystal clear fluid from my dick while continuing that digital massage assault on the inner gland that resides a few inches inside my ass.

Making sure not to lose one drop from her hand, she stopped and watched it pool in her palm and run between her fingers. While looking me directly in the eyes, she licked and sucked every bit of it from her palm and down between her fingers then said: "Paula was right, you do taste sweet." 

Before Paula could respond to my question, Megyn swallowed and answered: "Yes, for several years now, but he's no longer around." 

And to my relief, she pulled her finger out of my ass.

Mesmerized from what she had just witnessed, Paula finally spoke: "Peter, the IRS put him away for tax evasion and some other related crimes that she was unaware of when they married ... He's in prison." 

Megyn said: "He is older, quite distinguished and very rich. At the time, I thought I had hit the jackpot, but it ended up costing me everything because I was young, trusting and foolish and we are married." 

Then she bent forward, grabbed my hips and took me into her mouth. 

I know that I have covered this fact before, but you just have to love a woman who will give you head without being asked. Oral provides great pleasure(s) for the man and it should come from the woman's natural desire to please, without being prompted. I am a firm believer that it should be taught to all women the moment that they become of legal age and of course it should be practiced often.

Her finger was now back, but just rimming my ass and she wrapped her tongue around my shaft and as I tried to work it a little deeper in her mouth, I reached down under her arms and fondled and squeezed her beautiful breasts and tweaked her long firm nipples. 

They were all natural, totally void of any augmentation marks, creases or scars and suddenly it started to hit me and it took everything that I had to keep from cuming down her throat. 

I backed off, pulled out of her mouth, put my hands under her arms and gently assisted her to her feet slowly turning her to face the foot of the bed.

I glanced over at Paula and directed: "Paula please lie back for us, with your head at the end of the bed toward me."

As Paula complied, I had her scoot further down and I put my right hand around Megyn down low on the front of panties and slid my left palm under her hair at the base of her neck and with a gentle push, she bent over at her waist and buried her face in Paula's crotch.

I put my right index, middle and third finger between the base of Megyn's thighs at the start of those beautiful hips and worked the smooth, black, silky crotch of those expensive looking panties up against her and into the firm slit of her pussy. When my thumb found and gently pressed into the dimple of her anus she softly gyrated her hips and spread her legs a little. 

The fact that my hand was massaging her ass and pussy Just inches above Paula's nose must aroused and excited her because those exotic panties became warm and wet and I could feel her clitoris start to get hard through that expensive thin smooth silk. 

Then I curled two fingers from each hand into the waistband and as I slid them down, I saw glistening sweat between the cheeks of her ass and I gently swept all of that moisture from her warm skin using only the tip my tongue. 

She tasted sweet, void of any real distinct feminine chalkiness or odor, just a sweet flavor and the strong natural scent of warm clean flesh.

My tongue found her outer lips and mound to be taught and firm and as my nose found her asshole and my chin touched Paula's hair, I held her panties against the tops of her feet and she stepped out of them. 

I stood and looked down on her hard little ass and with a hand at each side of her slender waist I requested:"Spread your legs a little more for me."

As she parted her feet I could see the top of Paula's head and when she felt Megyn's legs open she scooted closer toward me and from the position of her forehead, I knew that her mouth had full access to Megyn's firm little hooded clit.

There was no need to spread Megyn's cheeks because her tight little ass was tiny and firm and it presented everything out in the open in plain view. She had a beautiful complexion, light golden tan with the precious pink contrasts of her anus and inner lips with no distasteful darker stained look where a lot of women's cheeks and thighs tend to rub together, just even continuous beauty and I couldn't help but think: "Damn, she is perfect everywhere."

I noticed that her anal rim protruded out almost half an inch like a smooth little pink donut and It wasn't slammed shut into the little tight puckered bud like most and It stood out proud and continually open in a perfect circle, just under the size of a dime. When I went to my knees, I could actually suck it into my mouth and to my surprise, almost half of my fat tongue actually fit inside and I deeply rimmed and explored the flavors and wonders of her inner ass.

Most might argue that rimming a woman's ass is somehow offensive, but like I told you, this woman is beautiful, the kind that when you first see them, you want to eat the ass out of them. 

Megyn is one of those and there was no way that I would pass up experiencing any of her offerings. After all, if you haven't experienced this pleasure for yourself, you've either been with less desirable women or you're a pussy, but either way, who are you to judge me if you haven't at least tried it for yourself? 

Take my advice, find a very attractive, good clean woman and get deep in that ass.

Her flavor was bittersweet like a fine Godiva chocolate, kind of almondy and finally I caught a scent almost like that of ripe peaches and I backed up and gently spread open those firm plump outer lips with the tips of my thumbs. 

As they parted, pink, tightly puckered inner lips were revealed and when they relaxed from the warmth of my touch, a clear nectar like film clung between them entirely covering her narrow opening as it shimmered in the light. As I continued to spread her open, it broke, trickled down and dripped off of her clit onto Paula's face. 

I couldn't wait any longer, I had to have her, I wanted to be deep inside her, I wanted to wear it out just inches from Paula's face and I stood and though I was very anxious and ready to plunge, I took a deep breath grabbed my cock and carefully positioned it to enter with as little initial discomfort to her as possible. 

After parting her waiting inner lips a bit more with the tapered end of my cock, I slowly pushed in and felt them kind of fold and stretch in with my shaft, so I eased out and worked with her pussy to accept the full length and my total girth without any bruising.

I wanted her to enjoy this, I wanted to avoid her from feeling the sensation of tearing flesh, I wanted her to feel the total sexual pleasures from a more mature and patient man. But above all, I wanted to be invited back, time and time again, so I eased in slow to let her adjust.

Each time my massive head would pass her little pooch of an asshole from inside her stretched vaginal wall, it would bulge out, move slightly toward me and that perfect circular opening would turn into a little oval and kind of wink at me. 

Megyn was very tight and her moisture was more of a wetness than a natural cream lube which made the friction between us incredible and while pacing myself and using extreme care, I finally hit bottom with dick to spare. 

I have never been a fan of artificial lubes and jellies because (unless you're insane) sex is about all of the human senses and yes, this includes two of the most important ones i.e. smell and taste. I have found over the years that the application and use of personal lubes tend to alter, mask and cover women's aromas and flavors, so I take my time and use what nature has provided. Besides, it is more fun to have them taste themselves off of your dick, when your dick actually tastes like them, but suit yourself.

Remembering that Paula told me: "Megyn likes it rough." I grabbed her waist and started to progressively increase my motion until I was pumping her as fast and as hard as I could, almost as if I were literally trying to knock the bottom out of it. 

She quickly responded with low guttural moans in Paula's pussy eventually pushing back against me harder and harder and the cleft in the head of my cock started to straddle the forming of her little firm "G" spot and I knew we were getting close. 

Her motions became almost violent and her hips stated to undulate and then her body started that familiar shutter from down deep in her core and she froze. 

I pushed in to her full depth and held my cockhead firm against the bottom of her vagina swelling my head as hard and as fast I could and Megyn raised her head out from between Paula's legs and huffed out one long animalistic groan announcing that she was starting to cum. 

As her body continued to shutter at the peak of that orgasm, she coated my cock and balls in a discharge of her sweet clear fluid and I slowly pushed my left thumb up her ass and squeezed it against my four external fingers.

I swear to you that I could smell the familiar scent of Paula's feminine musk on Megyn's breath and in the air and that stimulus was so strong to me that it took everything in my power to keep me from losing it and filling her with my seed. 

So, I pulled out and scooted Paula down another few inches to where her head was hanging off the end of the bed. With the back of it against the mattress, I bent my knees and pressed my cock, covered in Megyn's cum to her lips and as she took it in her mouth, I pushed it down her throat and held it there. 

As soon as I heard and felt the vibrations of her awgh, awgh from deep in her throat followed by the strong constriction of her gag reaction closing behind my cockhead, I pulled out and listened for Paula to catch her breath.

Still partially wet from Megyn's cum and slimy with Paula's phlegm, I pressed the angry bulb of my mushroom head against Megyn's little pouty protruding rim, waited for her reaction of: "Oh my God." 

The second I received it, I pushed in. 

I looked down and watched as that little smooth rim invert and rolled back into her on my advancing shaft and I continued to watch as the pink little ring pulled out with me on my backstroke stretching to little over an inch, as it turned from pink to an angry purple.

In breathless grunts as I advanced again, I heard her say: "Oh Peter, I don't think that I can take you there, please!" 

I slapped her ass and ordered: "Megyn, relax!" 

Then using my most favorite phrase I told her: "I am already in and the hard part is over." 

Then I added: "You know what this is and I can tell that you've had it before. Now relax and work with me." 

Her bowel was incredibly tight and it clung to my cock like a second skin pulling out a little more each time I backed out and before I actually achieved my first full stroke, she got up on her hands, ached her back and started to pant.

That was when I heard Paula sternly tell her: "Work with him Megyn, draw him in."

And with more confidence, I continued in the forbidden pleasures of her ass.

When I reached around to find her clit, Paula crawled out from under her and when I located it, I firmly pressed it up toward he navel and she shivered and started to cum. Before she had the chance to cry out, Paula was on her knees on the mattress in front of her and with both hands on the back of Megyn's head, she pulled her face against her creaming pussy.

With my left hand on the top of her left shoulder, I held her back against me while continuing to hold pressure on her clit and she broke out in a sweat, resumed panting in shallow breaths and I knew that she was about to cum again.

Her head flung totally back and I grabbed a handful of that curly auburn hair with my left and slapped her tight little cheek with my right and all of a sudden, it was as if the dam broke. 

"Oh fuck me!" She screamed and her inner thighs became wet and finally I caught a whiff of that beautiful, heavenly, floral female scent and then it subsided. 
