 Shaking my head in disbelief, as we head toward the elevator in my apartment building, I laugh, telling my cocky friend, "You must have one hell of an opinion of yourself, Danny. Nobody's that lucky with women."

Looking slightly offended, he narrows his eyes at me. "What? You don't think I can get lucky tonight? Well, I've got news for you, pal, I've never had a problem with women. I can walk into any bar and within half an hour I always have some willing little honey ready for the ride of her life, with my amazing cock."

As I glance across the hallway at him, that only makes me laugh harder. "Your amazing cock, does the trick, huh?"

"Yeah, damn straight -- nine solid inches of man meat that no chick can resist. I've even taken the odd virgin, and every last one of them left with big fucking smiles on their faces -- at least the one's that could still walk."

Rolling my eyes at him, I notice something strange as we walk past one particular apartment door, and that's the fact that it's wide open -- and good lord, my eyes shoot open even wider, as I notice that's not the only thing that's open wide. Incredibly, just inside the door, is a woman lying on her back, on what looks like a massage table, her long luscious legs spread wide, her fingers buried deep in her slick, bare little pussy. Even from the doorway, I can see those parted cunt lips are wet and swollen, and just begging to be fucked. I elbow Danny who's still babbling away about his stupid magical cock. "God, would you look at that! Talk about a nice spread! You ever see anything like that before in your life -- a hot cunt just hanging open out there like that for anybody to see?"

Curious, anxious and suddenly so fucking horny I can barely walk, I don't wait for an invite. And when I get into the apartment, I walk straight to top end of the table and get a look at her pretty face and all that long blonde hair curling around it, realizing that I've never seen her before. She must be new to the building. But I ask myself again, who the hell does something like this -- spreading herself wide for anyone passing to see?

My brow puckers, confused by her boldness. Huh. Could be she's a nympho. Although I've never been fortunate enough to come across one before, this definitely looks like something a highly sexed woman might be into -- openly displaying her cunt. And I quickly notice, on closer inspection, that her tits are nice and big and perky, too. Now my mouth's really beginning to water for her, if that finger fucking wasn't enough.

"Uh, you okay, lady?" I decide I should ask her. Not really sure what do in a situation like this -- buy my hardening cock's already got a pretty good idea.

When her pretty blue eyes slowly come open, her little pink tongue lashing out to lick her lips as she slowly nods her head to the affirmative, I watch intrigued as she lets out a deep throaty moan as she pushes her fingers even deeper into her cunt. Unable to resist, I hear myself groaning, too. Fuck, this is hot. Probably only the hottest fucking thing I've ever witnessed.

Taking a quick glance around this strange woman's apartment, it appears she's barely moved in. Looks to be a lot of boxes lining the walls, still unpacked. Then I blink. Not entirely sure I'm not dreaming this whole thing up. Not every day you get a real live pussy show like this, especially right in your own building. But since I haven't even had a drink yet, I can't figure out if this is real or not. Still, I have to clear my throat before I can suggest to her, "You know, anybody passing by can see you like this, right?"

When she only smiles coyly, nodding her head again, her eyes locked on mine as she seductively begins to slide one delicate hand over her mound, up over her flat little tummy then higher to her chest where she starts roughly twisting one very erect rosy nipple between her fingers, making my eager cock actually jump hard in my pants, I hear myself moaning again. Fuck!

Now I want to play, too -- so fucking badly. But I know I have to ask if she'd be okay with it, despite the highly erotic shows she's putting on.

Finally finding my voice again, I tell her, "You know, a guy could come in here and think that you wanted him to play with you, even fuck you. So is that what you want? Is that what you're trying to tell us?"

When she coyly cocks an eyebrow, and just grins, before I notice her start moaning even louder, her hips now shifting right off the fucking table, I watch spellbound as she begins to pleasure herself even more vigorously, her fingers rapidly pistoning in and out of her glistening cunt, even harder now. I decide to take that as a big fat yes, since I know my aching cock will never forgive me if I don't let him have at her. 

And to add to the torment, I can smell her essence filling my senses, just begging me to take her.

Taking a look over at my buddy Danny, I can't help myself from barking out a laugh. The guy couldn't look more stunned if he'd been zapped with a freaking stun gun. The so-called stud is just standing there, staring with his mouth hanging open as she works her gaping snatch, and he hasn't moved a muscle since we first walked in the door. I glance down at the gorgeous naked woman and ask, just to be sure, "So... you're really okay with the two of us, uh, having at you?"

When she just nods again, closing her eyes, moaning even deeper as she now buries three long slender fingers deep into her cunt, I make up my mind and start pulling down my fly, taking that as a definite greenlight. Then I look over at Danny, still frozen in place and I want to smack him the back of the head. Not every day a guy stumbles onto a golden opportunity like this. "Hey, Danny, if you want a piece of this, then you better wake up and get your fucking cock out, asshole."

Finally, he seems to snap out of it, and begins to fish his erection out of his pants. I decide to just go full-monty on an occasion like this, and drop trou, kicking aside my loafers along with my jeans. Certain I'm going to need some ball room with this incredible chick.

Nostrils flaring as I inhale her amazingly addictive scent, I just can't wait to eat, suck, fuck and plunder every fucking thing she's offering. Stepping to the end of the table, getting rid of my shirt and boxers as I go, quickly wrapping my hands around her long, silky legs, I slide them over my shoulders, my gaze locked on the mesmerizing sight of those busy fingers, creating squelching sounds now, she's gotten her cunt so fucking juicy and wet that I can almost taste her. Eyes pinched closed, lost in the pleasure of finger fucking herself into oblivion, I groan watching her nice big tits heave, her breath hitching in her chest, as she gets ready to come, and pretty fucking hard by the looks of her.

But before that happens, I decide I want my face buried deep in her hot little snatch, for a ringside seat, so to speak. So, carefully I extricate her fingers from her dripping little pussy, sucking them into my mouth, savoring them with hungry lashes of my tongue, my eyes rolling back in my head as I feast on her incredibly addictive taste, before inhaling her deep as I bury my face into the hottest, wettest little cunt I've ever had the pleasure to encounter. Her slick juices painting my face in her erotic essence, I snake out my tongue for my first sampling of her delectable dripping pie, groaning so deep as her incredible taste coats my tongue, that my throat literally throbs.

Lifting just my gaze, I notice that Danny has finally gotten with the program and has started to play roughly with her tits, twisting and pulling hard on her big pink nipples, making her arch her back and groan even as he's pressing his stiff cock invitingly against her open mouth, her body trembling hard as I begin to seriously eat her out.

Slightly envious, I watch as she turns her head, her eyes on his as she eagerly sucks him into the depths of her hot little mouth with no hesitation, nearly swallowing his entire length in one go.

My own dick is so hard now, that I wonder how it's not putting a dent in the fucking table. Pushing two fingers into the snugness of her hot, wet hole, I groan deep in my chest, imagining how fucking amazing it's going to feel with my cock buried balls deep inside this little piece of heaven.

I notice that Danny's turned her head more and is really beginning to fuck her face now, and I can feel her body rocking as she edges closer to release, but still, she's deep throating him like a pro, and now I know what I need to do to finish her off. 

Holding her slick, swollen cunt open wide with my thumbs, my hungry gazed locked on the tantalizing sight of all that pink quivering flesh, unable wait another second, I slide the thick tip of my cock between her folds, and rock my hips hard, slamming into her with all I've got, instantly burying my cock to the hilt. My eyes roll skyward. Fuck, does she ever feel good, so fucking tight as she starts to contract around me, trying to milk me dry as she spirals into an earthshattering orgasm.

With the way she's happily squealing, it seems the lady likes it hard and rough, and I figure, who am I to deny her? Clutching her taught little ass cheeks in my hands, I begin to pound her cunt at a punishing pace, like a damn jockey racing to the finish line. I watch as my cock slides out of her hot, gushing pussy, only so far before I slam right back in, over and over, faster and harder with every thrust of my hips. All while staring wide-eyed at the amazing sight of Danny's thick cock slipping in and out of her mouth, those lush lips stretched as tight as they'll go, while my cock pounds into her in tandem, sliding in and out of the sweetest little cunt I've ever had the pleasure of fucking. I know I'm going to lose my load any second now, but how can I not, when it all just feels so fucking amazing.

Turning my head at the sound of a slight gasping sound behind me, I notice that another guy from down the hall is standing in the doorway, and his eyes are big as fucking moons as he watches us take her naked body like our damned lives depend on it, sweat pouring off of us, muscles straining. Striding into the room, sounding incredulous, he asks us, "What the fuck are you guys doing?"

"What the fuck does it look like?" I snap back. "She had her door wide open, exposing herself, finger fucking her cunt like there was no tomorrow, practically begging us to take her. So, if you want in, asshole, you can wait your fucking turn, unless you can figure out a way to grab a piece of her, then help yourself."

Swallowing hard, he watches for only a moment, probably to be sure she's actually into it. Then when he seems to decide that she's every bit as into it as my friend and I sure as hell are, his jeans hit the floor, too, and I can't help but notice that his unbelievably long, thick cock is damn hard for a guy who just walked in on this kinky little set up.

Quickly, he gets on the other side of her, and wastes no time enveloping one of her big girls with his mouth, nearly devouring one big plush, tit as he clutches his cock in his hand and starts furiously beating his meat, growling over her breast. Then I almost laugh as his eyes shoot open wide when she surprises him, pushing his hand away, and wrapping her own little hand around his girth, so she can take over jacking him off. Fuck. And I thought it was hot with just Danny and me going to town on her.

I wonder if anyone outside can hear us. Because right now, the four of us are making the hottest fucking noises I've ever heard, moaning, and groaning and grunting as we work our kinky little fuck toy into a lust filled frenzy, when out of the corner of my eye I notice Ricky, my next door neighbor walk in on our little manage a quatre. "What the fuck is this?" he asks, sounding decidedly freaked out. He's the nervous type, and I don't think he gets much pussy.

But still I have to wonder, are these guys actually as dumb as they sound? Surely, they have to know what the fuck is going on, unless of course they've never been laid, or have never seen a porn flick. So I just tell him straight, "Ricky, just get your fucking dick out if you want in, or you can turn around and get your ass the fuck out of here, if you don't. It's that simple."

Watching us, he doesn't hesitate for long, and then I notice his pants are off, too, and like the rest of us, he's now naked from the waist down and fully erect in a heartbeat. Quick to catch on, Ricky gets on the other side of her head, pulls down on her chin, and pushes his cock into her mouth, too. And I can't believe my ears when she happily moans with two big, fat cocks packed in her mouth, another one filling her hand, and me stuffed deep in her pussy. Now I just hope no one else wanders in, or we'll soon be out of options.

Angrily pulling out of her mouth, now that Ricky's got his cock jammed in there, too, Danny comes up beside me, and actually tries to work his cock into her pussy beside mine. So, I tell him, "Hey, what the fuck are you trying to do?" doing my best to elbow him out, until I glance up and notice the blissed out look on her face. Unbelievable. I can hear her groaning even harder as somehow he manages to squeeze that long, think, rock hard monster of his right in beside my solid eight inches. I figure her cunt's gotta be stretched like it's never been stretched before, with two swollen cocks vying for that snug little piece of real estate, but from her ecstatic little whimpers and deep throaty moans, now really beginning to writhe beneath us, no doubt about it, she's loving every fucking minute of what we're doing to her, even as we both begin to thrust into her again.

Just then my cousin Joey, who was supposed to meet as at the bar wanders in, looking all wide-eyed. And now really starting to get pissed off, I holler, "Will somebody please shut that fucking door?" How many guys do they expect her to take? I mean the poor woman's only got one cunt.

But glancing up at her, I can't believe my eyes. The little honey's already got two of us slamming her pussy, one deep in her mouth, and another she's busy jerking off in her hand. No, I take that back, the guy she was jacking off, has taken Danny's place and is now also partaking in a double cock-sucking, his long meaty dick buried deep in her throat from what I can tell. But fuck, I can't believe how she's taking them both, and still happily moaning like she's in heaven.

"Hey, what the fuck are you guys doing to her?" Joey asks, sounding shocked. With my cock straining hard from the nut-clenchingly tight fit, thanks to Danny's long, thick dick packed in tight beside mine, clenching my jaw, I manage to mutter, "Look, Joey, believe it or not, she wants this okay? The woman's insatiable. You don't believe me, go ahead and ask her."

Yanking off his clothes, cock in hand, already stroking himself, Joey strides up to her head and asks, "Hey, lady, are you really okay with this?" When she tries to reassure him, but fails, only able to slightly nod her head, what with her mouth being packed full of cock, he seems to shrug his acceptance of the situation. Because really, what red-blooded guy in his right mind is going to turn down a once in a lifetime opportunity like this, once it's presented to him? None, I'd guess. But then I do have my cock buried deep right now, in what's got to be the sweetest pussy in the world. So, I'm probably not the best one to judge.

Then I watch intrigued, as the clever devil spits into his hand, using it to lube up his already fully erect cock, before he carefully gets in behind her, lifting her shoulders off the bed, before somehow managing to slide his thin frame down behind her, where he starts to work his cock up and down along her ass crack, before slowly sinking into her tight little asshole. And all she does is deliriously moan again, like it's the most natural thing in the world, to be completely airtight, and jam packed full of cock.

Between thrusts, stealing a peek at the craziest, most erotically arousing sight I've ever seen in my entire fucking life, with how all of us are taking this incredibly generous woman every way imaginable, I wonder where the hell the record book people are when you need them. Five big, hard cocks, buried deep and tight in every fucking hole in her body, and not a soul around to record it!

Somehow, as incredible as it seems, she's actually managing to take us all at once. And I'm sure that we're working her over like we've never worked a woman before -- since no one's going easy on her. Every last one of us, furiously pounding and thrusting into her like she's the last action our cocks are ever likely to see. And yet, despite how little mercy we've shown her, she's in fucking heaven if the utterly blissed out look she's wearing on her face is anything to go by. And you'd think she'd at least be squirming, with two of us slamming her cunt, two plowing into her mouth, and one buried deep in her ass, where I can actually feel that steely rod prodding at my cock through the thin membrane that separates her tight little cunt and her asshole. But she looks so damned content, that I can hardly believe it

Un-fucking-believable, now I think I'm in love.

Any woman, this insanely hot and so incredibly insatiable, willing to take on this much cock, has earned my undying respect. 

Still, I have no idea why she's actually doing something as daring as this, and what's motivating her. Is she really a nymphomaniac, just plain crazy, or simply as insatiable as she seems.

But as I feel the warning signs of a climax starting to race through my veins, harder than I've ever felt it blasting through me before, I forget all about that, as I shut my eyes and slam into her deep and hard, one last time, surprised when my friend loses it right alongside me, filling up her already jam packed cunt with one massive load of steaming hot come. Then one by one by one, I notice the rest of them panting and thrusting and groaning as they join us with their own release, until Joey is the only one left, still pounding her ass mercilessly hard from behind, even as he thoughtfully works her clit hard with his thumb. But after a few more deep hard strokes, clutching her hips in his hands, he shouts out, "Fuck!" and we all watch as they blissfully fall to pieces together. And even as he fills her ass with his seed, he's still thrusting his hips to give her what she needs, helping her to come as hard as he has.

Sighing contentedly, looking completely sated, her eyes begin to peel open and she slowly begins to smile at us standing around her, all still naked, and totally in awe of her.

Finally, with a decisive nod of her head, seems she's decided to enlighten us, her eyes going to each of us as she explains. "I guess I should thank all of you. You see, I just left my husband after I discovered that he'd been cheating on me for years, while I'd only ever been with him. So, I thought it was time to even the score." She grins at as us coyly then. "And now thanks to all of you, I think I've more than done that." 

No kidding.

What can I say, sometimes when life gives you lemons, you make lemonade, or in her case sweet, sweet love with five big, horny guys. Still, she got her wish, and in the process made all of us happier than we'll probably ever be again. And I've got to say, I can kind of understand her motivation. Promising to love one guy for her entire life, when the cheating bastard had no intention of ever being faithful to her? I hope he finds out that she took us all the raw, raunchy way she did, it would serve him right.

Understanding how she feels now, I can't resist bending and pressing my lips to hers, quietly murmuring over her mouth, "Thank you, sweetheart. That was amazing -- and you were absolutely incredible."
