 When Tina came downstairs next morning Gerald was finishing up his breakfast.

"You okay?" he asked her.

"I'm okay. How are you?"

"Still in shock. But I'll survive. Do you have anything to say about it?"

Tina sat at the table opposite him and stared directly into his face. He looked as if he hadn't slept much. She, on the other hand, had slept very well.

"What can I tell you, Gerald? I had sex with two handsome young men. If you want to throw me out of the house I'll go back upstairs and pack my things. If you want to file for divorce, that's okay too. I understand."

He watched her, sipping his coffee.

"And if I don't? If I don't want to throw you out or divorce you?"

"That's okay too. Though you might want to give it some thought. I can tell you one thing for sure. What happened last night was my choice, and I enjoyed every minute of it. I've learned something about myself that you may not like. I enjoy sex more than I can say. But I've learned that I like taboo sex even more. Like fucking more than one guy at the same time. And I'm not going to be able to stop."

He stared at her. Fuck, she was beautiful. Even without make-up, even after a night of lewd, illicit, rough sex, she was still sexy as hell. What she said was shocking, but would he ever be able to give her up? How would he ever find someone as young and desirable and willing, at his age? He wasn't old by any means, but he happened to be attracted to girls still in their late teens.

"I'll stay married to you if that's what you want," she continued. "I'll leave today if you prefer that. But if you want me to stay you'll have to accept that I won't be faithful to you. I can't."

"You want to keep fucking other guys? Sometimes more than one at the same time?"

"Yes. Or maybe try other exciting things. I want, you know, freedom to explore."

"And where do I fit in?"

"I'll still fuck you, Gerald, if that's what you want. I gather last night's session was pretty exciting for you, in spite of everything."

He was quiet for a moment. He couldn't take his eyes off her. Then he spoke.

"I have a confession to make. I haven't been faithful either. When I'm out of town I sometimes pay for sex. In a way we're even on that score. But on top of that I have to admit that seeing you last night fucking two men, double-fucking two men, turned me on more than anything I've seen in my life. That's partly why I fucked you so hard later. That and being mad as hell of course."

She stared back at him.

"You got turned on watching me with two strange men?"

"I did. I hate to admit it, but I did."

They were both silent for a while, gazing across the table at each other. It occurred to Tina suddenly just how weird this was by way of breakfast conversation. She wondered how many other couples had ever had this kind of talk over a kitchen table.

"So what are you implying?" she asked. "That you'd like to start watching me with other men? Become a voyeur?"

"Maybe. It's a thought."

"It sounds a little kinky, even for me, Gerald. I suppose you'd like to join in at some point, rather than just play the pervert?"

"Yes. It would be really hard to watch you without getting off myself."

Again she stared at him. She wouldn't have given Gerald credit for this much imagination, this much tolerance. All in all it was better than the violent screaming match she'd envisioned for this morning.

"I'm not sure about this, Gerald. I'm not sure how I feel about having you watch while I have sex. It's really fucking weird."

"Think about it. But I really don't see how we can stay together unless you agree to something like this. I can't just sit around the house alone while you go about fucking your way through half the men in town."

"Fuck, Gerald, this would be quite the arrangement."

"Yes it would. But I think it could work. I've been mulling it over all night. And in fact I'm off in a few minutes to meet an old friend to see if I can't set something up."

"Set something up?"

"Yes. As a kind of experiment for us. I think I could arrange something you would like."

"Gerald ..."

"Leave it with me. I'll see you tonight. You know me, ever the deal-maker." And with that he stood up and left the room.

Tina sat there gazing after him, partly stunned, partly intrigued. The old son of a bitch, what could he be up to? In a way she felt relieved. This whole morning could have gone a lot worse. She still had a roof over her head. She still had a marriage, of sorts. And she did have the option of some kind of freedom for herself. The whole wild situation did seem to have room for negotiation. She began moving around the kitchen, preparing a meal for herself, wondering all the while who Gerald was meeting and what they were cooking up.

Gerald was in fact meeting his old acquaintance Roy, the strip club manager from years back. They sat in a secluded booth in a bar not far from Roy's club, and Gerald was telling him all about what he'd witnessed the previous evening. Roy seemed to have trouble believing what he was hearing.

"That sweet young thing with the big beautiful tits and gorgeous face? With two guys? Fuck, who would have thought? I met her last year, if you recall, just after you were married. We ran into each other somewhere."

"I remember. Tina was curious about the girls you employ, if I remember correctly."

"That's right. I'd have given her a job on the spot if she hadn't been your wife."

"Well, she's fucking highly sexed, if you know what I mean. I saw proof of it last night, if didn't know it already."

"But why are you telling me this Gerry? Seems like the kind of thing a guy would keep to himself."

"Because, I was wondering if you could help me set up a little treat for my darling wife. Kind of a surprise."

"Oh yeah? A revenge thing, is that it?"

"Partly. To be frank about it, I'd like to see her gangbanged."

"Gangbanged. And you want me to arrange it?"

"You know people. You have connections. I would be paying all the expenses."

Roy sipped his drink.

"How many men?" he said at last.

"I don't know. Three or four for sure. How many could you get?"

"I'm not sure. Probably eight or nine."

"It could get expensive, huh?"

"Well you'd be surprised at how small the fees can be for young studs who get to fuck some gorgeous young babe. Many are willing to do it for free. But if you wanted to use the club after hours there would be some cost. I wouldn't charge you for my personal fee."

"Your personal fee?"

"I'd want to be in on the action. I've seen your wife. I'd really love to fuck her."

Gerald was quiet for a moment or two. Eight or nine guys! Ten including himself. Tina would have more cock than she could handle.

"Let's do it," he said.

"Just a word or two of warning. These guys would be hung. Really big cocks. Anal okay?"

"Sure. I told you what she did last night."

"Any special requests?"

"Yeah. I'd want them all to come in her face."

"All of them? That's a lot of cum, Gerry."

"All of them."

"What about pissing? You want us to piss all over her?"

"Fuck, Roy, are you serious?"

"Some guys like it. I've seen it before."

Gerald was thoughtful. Such a thing had never occurred to him. But then he thought back to the sight of Tina fucking her two boyfriends, and he remembered what she'd said to him that morning. She would never be faithful to him, she'd said.

"Sure, Piss on her," he said. "Piss all over her."

Roy gave him a long, steady look. "It'll take a day or two to set up. I'll call you. Can you let me have some pictures of the lovely lady in question? It helps in recruiting."

The next two days seemed to take forever. Gerald tried to keep busy at his office and whenever he went home there was no sign of Tina. He slept in the guest bedroom and she always appeared for breakfast, but they had very little to say to each other. She did ask him once or twice how his little scheme was coming along but he had nothing to tell her. He had no idea what she did with her days or evenings and he didn't ask. He didn't really want to know.

On Sunday Roy phoned to tell him everything was set. The club would be closed early. Could he bring Tina along around midnight?

He caught her as she was heading out the door in early afternoon and told her he had his special surprise arranged for her. She looked at him strangely but said she'd be home by early evening. He took that as a yes and headed back down to his office to distract himself with business matters. It wasn't easy, but the hours ticked by and by mid-evening he was sitting home waiting for her, sipping highballs.

She arrived wearing a tight black mini-skirt and a crisp white blouse, as if she herself had just come from a business meeting. She was always an incredibly classy looking young woman, he mused, watching her, even if at heart she was something of a sex-hungry slut. She sat opposite him sharing a few drinks, her gorgeous legs crossed. Her skirt was so short he could see the garters attached to her sheer black stockings.

"So what's this dirty plan of yours, Gerald?" she asked. "I don't want to be involved in something where I get hurt."

"Nothing like that. You'll be perfectly safe. And if for any reason you don't want to participate, you just say the word and everything stops. It's just something I think you'll enjoy. And I know I will. And if things go well it might mean a way forward for us, a way for us to stay together."

She studied him closely. She was seeing sides of her husband that she never knew existed, but one thing she felt sure of and that was that she could trust his word. And whatever he had in mind she was kind of curious about.

Just before midnight they drove downtown and Gerald parked in a small lot off a congested alley. Then came her first surprise.

"Mind if I blindfold you, just till we get inside?" he said.

She hesitated. This was getting a little kinky, even for her. But she let him loop a black blindfold around her head and lead her by the hand across the alley and into the back door of a building that smelled of alcohol and cigarette smoke. He led her down a passageway and up some steps and sat her down on what felt like a bed covered in plastic.

"Just sit there for two minutes and we'll get started," he said. He went back down the steps and she heard him talking softly with someone. She could also hear slight rustling and shuffling noises behind her somewhere. She sensed that she was being surrounded.

"Okay Tina, you can remove the blindfold," Gerald instructed after maybe another minute had passed. "You can start enjoying your treat."

Tina did as he asked and for a moment she was disoriented. She was seated on a bed, sure enough, but she was bathed in a soft spotlight and she appeared to be on some kind of small stage. Once her eyes adjusted she caught sight of Gerald sitting with some guy at a table in front of the stage, one of several in what seemed to be some kind of nightclub. Then she glanced to one side and her heart skipped a beat.

She was surrounded by men, young, athletic-looking men, and they were all naked, their cocks looming down in front of them in various stages of erection. She counted six or eight at a glance. Their hands moved down from time to time to stroke or pump their pricks gently. They'd obviously been doing this for some time, for all of the cocks were far from soft. They were some of the biggest dicks she'd ever seen, and under the soft light among the most beautiful. She counted at least three black cocks that especially made her mouth water.

"Oh sweet fuck," she muttered, glancing quickly at Gerald and his friend, the only people in the audience. "Gerald, you are one dirty son of a bitch."

"Any objections? Any reservations?" he answered. "You're free to leave if you wish."

"Are you kidding? I wouldn't miss this for the world. Gerald, you've outdone yourself."

Again she looked at the naked men. There were cocks as far as the eye could see. She was in cock heaven. She barely looked at their faces. Her eyes were focussed the whole time on the masses of man-meat in front of her.

"I don't know where to start," she murmured.

Suddenly one of the black guys stepped forward and took her hand. He urged her gently to her feet, as if he were asking her to dance. Then slowly and methodically he began to unbutton her white blouse. She wore no bra and her big beautiful tits were soon on display. He slipped the blouse off her shoulders and draped it over the back of a small stool beside the bed. Then he unzipped her skirt and helped her step from it.

She was wearing no panties and so stood there naked but for her black garter belt and stockings. He made no move to remove these items but just stood there in front of her, a sweet smile on his handsome face. He didn't say a word but just watched as she slowly sank to her knees in front of him.

She took his huge cock in one hand and shucked it up and down two or three times. She could sense it stiffening further. It felt like some heavy hunk of lead pipe in her fist.

She gazed up at him with a sly smile on her beautiful face then licked his cockhead once, twice, three times before folding her lips over it. She began to suck, drawing in as much of the shaft as she could on each downstroke. But it was just so fucking thick and big. Two or three inches was all she could manage for now.

The other men began to move in closer, till she was completely enclosed in a circle of throbbing pricks. She reached up her free hand and gripped the closest one, pumping it softly, feeling it swell under her fingers to full erection. Her mouth came up off the first hard-on and moved over to this second hot cock. And in this way she began to work her way around the circle, sucking in one cock after another, grasping dick after dick in both hands now. She heard the occasional moan of pleasure from the men but no one spoke. The only other sound was the soft slurping sound of her mouth on hard-on after hard-on. After a few minutes she figured she'd sucked maybe eight cocks but she couldn't be sure. When she thought she'd worked her way around to the first cock she began varying her efforts by dipping her head beneath the shafts to lick and suck each set of bloated balls. Her hands never stopped their steady jerking motions on each prick she encountered.

All for me, she thought. All these men, all these cocks, growing hard as steel just for me. The notion filled her with such a sense of her own worth, her own attractiveness. She didn't feel used, abused, humiliated in any way. She felt empowered. She was the only female in a room full of horny men and she was in control. She had these guys in the palm of her hand. And of course in her mouth.

The tall black man who had first approached her and seemed to be in charge suddenly drew her out of the circle of hard-ons and urged her down on the bed. He lay her at an angle so that her head was tilted back over the foot of the bed. He knelt on the floor and gently spread her legs so that he could move between them and begin licking her dampening pussy. Immediately the other men formed a line behind a second black man who was angling his hard-on down toward her mouth. He slipped his cockhead between her lips and began gently fucking her face. His hands reached down to knead her big rolling tits.

Her lower body had begun to tingle almost as soon as the black fellow had started licking her. Now he was prying her outer labia apart and touching her clit with the tip of his tongue. Tina felt her orgasm building right away. His tongue flicked her swollen clit every which way and waves of pleasure rippled through her. Her thighs moved in and out on either side of his head as he worked her twat.

The second black man was driving his hard-on down her throat with deeper and deeper lunges. His balls dangled and swayed above her eyes, almost hitting her. His cock was so big, so thick, it was damn near choking her.

"I've got to get a closer look at this," Gerald was saying. He stood up and climbed onto the stage, removing items of clothing as he went. Roy stood up and followed him. As they stripped off the last of their clothes they stood beside the bed staring down at Tina. She was writhing between the two black men, moaning softy as her orgasm grew.

The black man fucking her face suddenly withdrew, as if he was about to come. He stepped to one side and his place was immediately taken by the next male in line, who lowered his hard-on onto her face and into her mouth.

Both Gerald and Roy slowly jerked themselves to full erection as they watched this.

"Is this what you wanted? Are you enjoying this?" Roy asked.

"Oh yeah. This is exactly what I wanted," Gerald replied. "This is fucking fantastic."

Tina's lower body suddenly went into a series of spastic jerks and gyrations, and she was coming, thrusting her gaping twat up hard onto the black fellow's mouth. She was growling deep in her throat, the sounds cut off briefly each time the cock in her mouth bulled into her throat. Fluid spurted from her cunt on either side of the black man's face.

"Fuck, she comes hard, don't she," Roy grunted. "What a hot little bitch."

Gerald didn't reply. He was watching his wife's incredible body writhing and bucking between the two men. She'd never come this hard with him. There was something about these lewd, taboo situations that really let her loose.

Her movements continued for several seconds more, but finally she settled back on the bed and the fellow between her legs stood up, his face dripping pussy juice. Then he was taking his massive hard-on in hand and moving back between her thighs. He nudged his cockhead between her labia and eased forward. He began fucking Tina with slow, easy movements.

And now a line-up began behind this guy, headed by the black fellow who had been fucking her face. The lines moved slowly, whoever was fucking her mouth pulling out only to wait his turn between her legs. Both Gerald and Roy were completely hard now and they took their places behind the younger men. It gave Gerald such a strange feeling to watch stranger after stranger plowing his cock deep into his wife's throat, only to withdraw after a minute or two and move down to begin fucking her pussy. It enraged and excited him at the same time.

And after half an hour or so he realized that all the men had fucked both her face and her pussy, and not a single one had ejaculated. He'd felt himself come so close he'd had to withdraw from her after only a few seconds. He was so turned on he could barely stand it.

The tall black master of ceremonies was suddenly lying on his back on the bed and motioning for Tina to climb on top of him. He held his massive cock upright in his fist, waiting for her. She was so far gone in her sex trance though that at first she didn't notice him. She was too busy sucking one huge prick and wrapping her thighs around the fellow fucking her.

Roy touched her shoulder and snapped her out of her daze. He urged the two men out of her mouth and pussy and helped her climb up over the big black man and onto his cock. She gripped it dazedly and nudged it between her legs, sinking down on it with a soft sigh of pleasure. Her big tits swayed down over the black man's face and he began to suck her distended nipples.

Before she could start riding the big cock though a second black guy was crawling onto the bed behind her. Seemingly from nowhere he produced a small tube of lubricant and smeared globs of the stuff up and down the crack of her ass, concentrating especially on the puckered ring of her asshole. Then he was tilting his hard-on down, planting the head onto her anus. He eased forward, bulling his thick cock up her ass.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck," she muttered.

But almost at once a third male was climbing on the bed in front of her. He stood with his legs spread on either side of the black man below him and urged Tina up enough to thrust his hard-on into her face. Before she could quite get her bearings the cock was shoved into her mouth and she was impaled on three pricks. All three men began to move, ramming their cocks in and out of Tina with short, sharp lunges.
