 Tina sat on the edge of her marriage bed and stared into the full-length mirror six feet away. She was completely naked after her shower. She began slowly pulling a black nylon stocking up one shapely leg, fitting it snugly midway up her thigh. She drew the matching black stocking up her other leg and then stood up to admire the effect in the mirror.

She picked up a lacy black garter belt from the bed and looped it around her waist. Then she bent down to attach the garters first to one stocking then the other. She straightened up to gaze at herself and smiled.

Her shaved pussy looked very inviting between the twin black garters. Above, her big beautiful tits separated slightly as she breathed in. They were full and heavy and perfectly shaped, the nut-brown nipples jutting up half an inch from their darker circles. The full curve of their lower swells let her nipples stick up even further, it seemed.

She sat at her vanity table and began applying make-up, heavy dark blue eye shadow and glossy scarlet lipstick. If she was going to act like a whore she might as well look the part, she thought, and a sly thrill shot through her. Life with Gerald had been okay, but nothing compared to the excitement she was currently experiencing. She was in unknown territory.

Again she studied herself in the mirror. Was she really a slut, was she a whore, because for the first time in her life she was experiencing thrilling, crazy sex? Yes she was married, but that had been a mistake. She'd been too young. She'd married for the wrong reasons.

And not everyone was cut out for marriage, she was now beginning to think. Not everyone was meant for a life of monogamous sex with the same person for half a century or more. Not everyone wanted or needed a family. Some people enjoyed the single life. Freedom. If you were sexy enough to attract the right attention, why not enjoy it? Why not live the life you wanted?

Of course the problem now was Gerald. Her legal commitment to him. Did she want to spend the rest of her life with him, even if he was a good provider? Did it all come down to economics? Most things did, she realized, but then there were sometimes unforeseen things that trumped even that. Like sex. Wild, crazy, exciting sex.

Would she leave Gerald, after one year? Would she stay with him and keep cheating on him? She didn't know. She'd have to think about it. For now she had a date with two men and she was too excited to think beyond the next couple of hours. 

The thought of her dirty assignation almost made her swoon. Two men. Two cocks. Neither one her husband. And here she'd been married less than a year. If that made her a slut, if that made her a whore, so be it. She couldn't help herself. There was no turning back.

She slipped on a brief black cocktail dress. Nothing else. No underwear except for her garter belt and stockings. She went downstairs and poured herself a stiff vodka tonic. She had just finished it when the doorbell rang and she was greeting her two handsome dates. And boy were they handsome! She'd always admired Ryan's looks, but his friend Kent was even more attractive, slender but well-built, and with a terrific winning smile. He shook her hand like he was meeting her for a business meeting. 

"You're even more beautiful than I imagined," he said.

And Tina blushed. She was about to suck and fuck both these gorgeous men and she was blushing. She busied herself making more drinks, her heart pounding. Before she turned around to face them again she took a healthy slug of her second vodka tonic. One shoulder strap of her cocktail dress slipped down her arm, revealing the upper swell of one large breast.

She handed drinks to her two guests, wondering who would make the first move. She wasn't in the mood for small talk. She was too horny. She wanted to see these two gorgeous men naked, as soon as possible. She wanted to see their cocks. She wanted to suck them so badly her mouth was watering. 

"Should we go upstairs?" she asked, taking another quick slug of her drink.

"In a moment," Ryan smiled. He sipped his own drink, put it down on a coffee table, and stepped forward to take her in his arms. He began kissing her, stroking his hands up and down her bare arms.

The kiss was delicious, and Tina felt the moisture begin between her legs. She could sense the solid bulk of Ryan's cock as he held her close. He was erecting already. His prick angled up along her belly. Through his clothes she could feel its heat.

Suddenly Kent was behind her and she was sandwiched between the two men. Kent's hands came up to cup her swollen tits through her dress, He squeezed them gently, hefted them in his hands. And suddenly she felt the hardness of his cock too, as he eased it into the crack of her ass.

"You guys are going to drive me crazy," she gasped, breaking off her deep kiss with Ryan. She turned her head and began kissing Kent. The other strap of her dress slipped off her shoulder.

Ryan stepped back and watched as the cocktail dress slid down to reveal her magnificent tits. It fell further, down her belly and off her hips until it was puddled uselessly at her feet. He gasped at the sight of her in the black garter belt and stockings, her big tits heaving in Kent's teasing hands, her belly fluttering, her shaved pussy already moistening between the taut black garters.

"Fuck, what a body you have," he muttered. And suddenly he was on his knees in front of her, his tongue flickering at her sweet pussy.

She gasped out loud, one hand immediately reaching out to cup his head and draw him even closer into her crotch. She bent low over him, her big tits swaying down heavily. Behind her Kent let go her tits and began kissing her shoulders, her lower back, her ass. Until he too was on his knees, spreading the cheeks of her gorgeous ass wide. He started licking up and down the crack of her ass, concentrating especially on the puckered ring of her asshole. His tongue probed, reaming out her sweet little sphincter.

"Oh sweet fuck!" she panted, reaching out both arms to steady herself against their shoulders.

She began to lose her balance, to fall over sideways, and immediately both men were on their feet, steadying her. She laughed and sank to her knees on the carpet. Then she was frantically clutching at Ryan's belt, unbuckling it with trembling fingers. She yanked down his pants, turned to open Kent's belt and trousers.

"I've got to have your cocks. I want to suck so bad," she muttered. Her fingers were tugging down Kent's shorts, her eyes widening as his huge, erecting cock sprang into view. She quickly pulled down Ryan's shorts, smiling at the sight of his now familiar prick looming up in front of her face. Then she was grabbing a cock in each hand and shucking them up and down. 

The two men stepped from the clothes tangled around their feet and began opening and peeling off their shirts. In seconds they were standing there naked, staring down at the stunning teenager as she moved her head this way and that, licking first one cockhead and then the other. Soon she sank her mouth down over Kent's prick and started sucking, taking three or four inches of stiffening dick on each stroke.

She began moving between the two still growing cocks, sucking in almost half of each one for several seconds before shifting over to the other one. They were soon almost fully erect, looming up through her fists like giant hunks of pink pipe.

She broke off from time to time to dip her head and lick and suck on each trembling ball sac, teasing the velvety pouches with her tongue. Then she butted the two cockheads together and tried to stuff them both in her mouth at the same time. It was an impossible task, stretching her pulpy lips to the limit, but she kept trying. 

The two men glanced at each other, hardly believing what they were seeing. Kent smiled but said nothing. Ryan had prepared him for this encounter with the hot girl, but so far it was going way better than he'd expected.

"I love your cocks!" Tina gasped suddenly. "Fuck, I love your cocks!"

And then she was gripping both pricks even tighter and was rubbing them all over her face, mashing the cockheads into her cheeks and forehead, smearing them alongside her nose and into her closed eyes. She stuffed first one and then the other back into her mouth and sucked frantically, forcing her lips down as deep as she could go. Both dicks glistened and dripped with her saliva each time she withdrew.

"I need you both to fuck me," she hissed at one point. "I'm so fucking horny I'm melting. Take me upstairs and fuck my brains out. Fuck, I love your cocks!"

They helped her to her feet and staggered from the room and up the stairs, Tina almost running and the men following, their giant cocks bouncing and swaying comically from their crotches. She led them into her bedroom and to her bed. She lay on her back there and splayed her legs wide. Her sweet pussy seemed to be opening partway for them in invitation.

Ryan immediately lay on the bed with his head between her legs. He began licking her moist cunt, scraping his tongue up and down her outer labia before delving inside. He felt her tremble almost at once, her hand again cradling the back of his head and drawing him deeper.

Kent came onto the bed also. He swung a leg over her rib cage and slotted his hard-on between her tits. He began to fuck her jugs, varying his thrusts from time to time by easing forward and stuffing his cockhead into her waiting mouth. Her beautiful eyes gazed up at him with a strange, hungry look.

She began to whimper as she felt her orgasm building. Ryan's mouth was pulling her closer to the edge. His tongue was probing deep inside her and he was more and more concentrating on her swollen clit. Her black stockinged thighs scissored back and forth. Her crotch started heaving up against his face.

Kent had moved up from her tits and was now steadily fucking her face, plowing his hard-on deep between her lips on every stroke. Her nostrils flared. She was almost snorting. Her whimpering grew louder.

And then she was coming, her entire body squirming and writhing under Kent, her crotch mashed onto Ryan's teasing mouth. She was squirting juice all over his face. Her thighs jacked back and forth, trapping his head. She was groaning, almost growling with pleasure, her ass heaving up off the bed. She would have been screaming if she hadn't had Kent's massive cock rammed deep down her throat.

Both men stayed with her, Ryan eating her pussy, Kent fucking her face, until she calmed down. It took several long seconds, but eventually her ass settled back on the bed and she was simply quivering, pleasure rippling and receding inside her. Her moans grew softer, until she was whimpering quietly.

Ryan crawled up from between her legs, his face dripping with her juices. He sagged down beside her on the bed, catching his breath. His cock, still hard, jutted up from his crotch and swayed gently from side to side.

"You okay?" Kent grinned, pulling his own hard-on from Tina's ravaged mouth. He climbed off her torso and edged his way down toward her crotch.

"I'm okay," Ryan panted. "I just need a breather."

Almost before he'd finished speaking Tina was on her knees, bending low with her gorgeous ass in the air. She gripped his massive hard-on and stuffed it between her lips. She began to suck, driving her head up and down with short, quick motions.

And Kent was kneeling behind her, clutching his hard-on, nudging his cockhead between the gaping pink folds of her wet cunt. He heaved forward, burying his prick up her pussy in one stroke. He began fucking her, reaching one hand down to clutch the rear strap of her garter belt. He gazed down to watch his oil-slick cock glide in and out of her sweet twat.

Each of his stokes forced Tina's mouth down deep and hard on Ryan's dick. And Ryan simply lay there and watched his own glistening prick slide in and out of her hot mouth.

She heaved back and forth between the two men, her huge tits swaying beneath her.

Deep inside her she felt another strong orgasm beginning to build.

"You ready for a dp soon?" Kent suddenly asked. He too could feel a climax growing and he didn't want to come before he'd had a chance to fuck Tina up her ass.

Neither Ryan or Tina knew who he was talking to and for a while neither of them responded. But then Tina was pulling her mouth off Ryan's steaming cock and glancing over her shoulder.

"I'm ready," she gasped. "Fuck, am I ready!"

Kent withdrew from her pussy and watched as she scrambled to her knees between Ryan's legs and took his hard-on in hand. She climbed up over him, splayed her thighs wide, and slotted the head of his prick between the pulpy lips of her cunt. Then she was sinking down with a deep, satisfied sigh, feeding the giant cock deep inside her. Kent watched as his friend's thick dick disappeared up Tina's gaping twat.

On the bedside table Tina had helpfully placed a small tube of lubricant, and Kent grabbed it and smeared a generous glob up and down the crack of her ass. She waited patiently, straddling Ryan, his cock buried to the hilt inside her. A small yelp escaped her lips as she felt Kent poking more lubricant onto the puckered ring of her asshole.

Then he was smearing the lube up and down the glistening column of his prick, leaving it gleaming like a greased piston.

""You ready?" he grinned.

"So fucking ready! Shove that big thick dick up my asshole!"

He tilted his cock down and planted the purple head onto her asshole. Then he slowly drilled down, bracing his hard-on in his fist. Her asshole expanded by degrees till it was folding over his cockhead. Then the head was inside her and he was forcing inch after inch of rock-hard cock up her ass.

She was moaning softly as she sat atop Ryan, her big tits dangling in his face. Her head was tilted back and her eyes were clenched shut. She could barely believe the feeling she was experiencing. One huge cock buried up her cunt, a second slowly but surely plowing up her ass. It was like nothing she'd ever known.

"So fucking big! So fucking hard!" she whimpered. "Two cocks in me! Holy fuck!"

Kent watched his prick disappear up her ass, the bulk of it warping her tight buns out of shape. Half of it vanished, then three quarters, then the whole thing. He paused for a second, panting softly. Then he began moving, humping her sweet ass with short, harsh lunges. driving her back and forth on top of Ryan's thick cock.

"Fucking hell! Oh sweet fuck!" she groaned, impaled fully on the two giant pricks. She sagged low over Ryan, her tits mashed into his chest. Her whole body was wracked by Kent's vicious lunges.

Ryan didn't have to move at all. He could just lie there and let the friction from Kent's thrusts stimulate his own cock. But already he could feel his orgasm approaching. He knew he couldn't last long in such a dirty, incredibly erotic situation.

And Kent was feeling the same thing, his balls tingling as he rammed his hard-on again and again up Tina's sweet ass. Her buns felt unbelievably taut as he bucked against them time and again. Through the wall of Tina's asshole he could feel the hard bulk of his friend's dick stuffed up her pussy

At one point Tina happened to glance over toward the full-length mirror and what she saw made her heart skip a beat. Her slender body was sandwiched between the two muscular, rutting males and was being thrust forward again and again by Kent's strong lunges. What an incredibly erotic sight it was. The fact that she was wearing nothing but black stockings and garter belt only added to the lewdness of the situation somehow. Two men. Two cocks inside her. Double penetration. Fuck, what a slut she was! 

She was getting close to another climax. Her growls and groans were becoming louder by the second. Which was why she didn't hear the airport taxi pull into the driveway, or her husband Gerald put his key in the door and let himself into the house.

She was too far gone to hear much of anything. She was in some kind of sex trance.

Downstairs Gerald was standing in the hallway wondering whose car was parked in his drive. He strode into the living room, thinking perhaps Tina was quietly entertaining a girlfriend or two. He dropped his suitcase and glanced around the empty room. He caught sight of the jumble of clothes on the floor about the same time he heard strange sounds coming from the bedroom upstairs. He backed out of the room and began quietly climbing the stairs, his heart pounding. He had a fair idea of what he would find even before he peeked around the bedroom door, but what he did see outdid all his expectations

His wife was lying atop one guy, screwing him, while a second male fucked her from behind. Up her ass! And from the sounds they were making all three of them were about to climax! Unbelievable! What a sight to come home to!

Their moans grew louder. The pistoning of the guy sodomizing her got faster. And suddenly it appeared everyone was climaxing at the same time.

"Coming, baby! Coming up your sweet pussy!" the guy beneath her was growling.

"And up your ass, slut!" the other guy howled.

"Yes! Fuck me deep!" Tina yelled. "Spurt your hot loads inside me! Up my pussy and ass at the same time! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!"

Gerald's immediate reaction now was to dash into the room in a fit of rage to break up the obscene orgy. His face flushed, his fists clenched, but he stayed where he was. Something held him back. Something compelled him to stand there behind the door, watching his wife writhing and moaning between the two men.

They had no idea he was there. They were too caught up in their intense orgasmic release. And so he could stay there unobserved, the blood roaring in his head, and, to his complete surprise, his cock fully erect in his pants.

He watched as long as he could without being noticed, till they were obviously over their intense pleasure and were slower in their movements. Then he quietly withdrew, stepped quickly down the stairs with his hard-on throbbing in his shorts, and, still in his overcoat, let himself out of the house. He strode to the corner, walked the five blocks to his favorite bar, ordered several stiff drinks in a row, and sat in a corner booth thinking, thinking and fuming.

His hot little wife, betraying him with two good-looking young studs, getting double-penetrated! He couldn't believe it. What a fucking slut she was! He hadn't even fucked her up the ass himself. It had never occurred to him.

Of course there was one other thing to consider, to feel a pang of guilt about. On his frequent trips out of town he often strayed himself. Alone in a hotel room after a busy day he often phoned up a local escort service and had a sexy young woman share his bed for an hour. But still. Who would have thought? His lovely young wife, and not with one man but two! His cock started to erect again just thinking about it.

And in a way this was what was most troubling about what he'd just witnessed. Not only had he stood by, doing nothing, while his young wife fucked two men. Not only had he watched, helplessly, like some weird voyeur. But he had grown excited at the sight. He had gotten turned on, in the midst of his shock, at the forbidden sight of his wife acting like a whore! The whole notion gave him the strangest ideas.

He stayed in the bar for nearly two hours, his only communication a phone call to a guy he knew downtown, the owner/manager of a strip-club he'd frequented a lot when he was single. He arranged to meet the guy for a drink the following afternoon. He'd formulated a plan he needed specialized help with. Then he walked slowly back to the house, his mind racing.

The strange car was gone from the driveway. He let himself into the house, put away his coat, and moved quietly up the stairs. Tina was alone, asleep on the bed, uncovered, still wearing nothing but her black garter belt and stockings. She lay on her belly, her big tits mashed beneath her, one leg bent at the knee. Gerald stared down at her and began slowly to undress.
