 Nicky woke up horny. Then that wasn’t unusual for the thirty-nine year old woman. She loved sex. 

The former college athletic and part time fitness trainer always was ready for a good fuck. She had been known to engage in sex just about anywhere. Ever since discovering sex in high school, Nicky could never get her fill. 

There was nothing better than to have her tits mauled, clit sucked or to be filled with hot, pumping cock in any of her holes. She craved it all.

It wasn’t much after discovering the pleasures of a hard cock that the treasures of pussy were found out. She remembered that first time being gang banged in the girls’ shower. Cunts were as wonderful as cocks. There wasn’t any logical reason for not enjoying both.

Many were jealous of this freedom of thought. Often the label ‘nympho’ or ‘pervert’ was given because of that appreciation of a hard dick or wet pussy. Nicky considered those who called her that uptight prudes or bible thumpers. 

All she had was a very healthy attitude about sex. There wasn’t any reason to place restrictions on satisfying these normal human drives. It wasn’t wrong to follow up on these basler urges. 

It was this male dominated society that had created these false morals. If a man had acted in this matter, he would be said to have a ‘healthy libido. But Nicky was often called ‘an easy piece’ or a ‘slut’ for such conduct. 

Nicky was daydreaming about her boyfriend Ben. She had imagined him in bed. He would be sucking on hard, quarter-sized dark nipples and fingering a bald pussy and clit. 

Nicky lay there pinching on the hard nubs. She thought of his big cock driving in and out made her very wet cunny. Damn! Why did he have to be out of town on business!? She could use a hard dick right now!

Her hand moved down to a moist slit. Fingers move between the glistening pink lips. A hooded little dick was found.

“Oooooooooh, Ben,” she moaned, “I need your big cock.” The hot woman jerks the clitoral head furiously juice covered fingers. Holding it securely between the restrictive digits, the love button protruded further outward. It formed a defined little cap.

“Ohhhhhhhhh!” She euphorically yelled, “I want a hard dick sooooooo!”

The fantasy of his cock filling each and every one of her holes was overtaking all the other senses. Damn! A good piece of ass would be nice now! It didn’t take long bring on a strong climax. 

A firm ass bounced and jerked all over the sheets. Nicky’s head flopped from shoulder to shoulder. Long brown hair waves wildly as the climax captured the sexual hazed body.

“Yes! Yesss! Yessssssss!” she audaciously screamed in pleasure.

Recovering from the orgasm, Nicky looked over at the LED clock. It was eight; thirty AM. She was going to be late for work. She muttered angrily jumping out of bed. The boss hated latecomers. 

Nicky sped to the bathroom to take a quick shower. While turning on the water, the doorbell rang. At first, it was ignored. But the person at the door was persistent.

She looked out the window to see who it was. There was a mail truck parked in the driveway. This was probably the package too big to be placed in the mailbox. It would be simpler to accept it here now instead having to go to the post office to pick it up later.

Nicky hurriedly wrapped a thin robe over a firm body. The belt was loosely tied. She jogged to the front door.

She opened the door saying, “Hello. What can I do for ya?”

“Special delivery, Ma’am,” the postal worker answered.

This was a young man in his early twenties. Nicky grinned broadly. He was then invited to step inside. The package and a receipt was handed to her 

He was handsome. The masculine face sported a set of light blue eyes and firm jaw. The physique beneath the uniform said athletic. A constantly horny mind automatically began to wonder what this man would be like in the sack. 

The bathrobe barely concealed the firm 36 C tits. The robe slips open an inch while reaching over to sign the receipt. There was no effort to tighten the belt.

Instantly the arousing odor of a horny female body drifted out. Judging from his eyes, the postman caught a whiff a freshly moistened twat. Nicky could smell it too, but did nothing to hide it.

A bulge growing in his crotch was very noticeable. A seductive smile was given while handing back the clipboard. She noticed his name, Steve, sewn into the blue shirt.

“You’re a hottie, Steve, ” the older woman cooed.

This was going to make her late for work. But primal urges needed to be filled. Any opportunity to get laid placed everything else on hold.

“Thanks.” The young blond man complimented back, “You’re not so bad yourself.” 

Nicky, never a woman to put off the obvious, reached down to the crotch of the short blue pants. The young cock sprang to life with the feel. It grew to full hardness. 

Steve undoes the belt. The bathrobe slips open revealing the firm, rounded tits. A set of dark pink nipples became hard with the exposure.

“Yes,” he huskily hissed, “You’re ain’t so bad at all.” 

Anxious fingers pinched the harden nubs firmly. They are rolled gently between thumbs and forefingers. The horny Nicky steps closer.

“Oooooooo,” she squealed. 

Dropping arms, the robe falls off. A smooth, hot mature body is offered up. A bald pussy wettens. 

She hastily opens the short pants. An eight-inch erect cock is pulled out. The sight of it makes Nicky even more aroused. 

A pair of ruby lips is automatically licked. A tingling in hard clit is felt. Nicky goes to knees. 

“Omigod,” Steve groans feeling the soft lips around the stiff shaft.

An anxious tongue begins to lick the erect rod. It is time for some deep throating. The older woman is going send this man to the utmost pleasure. 

An excited tongue washes the stiff cockshaft from head to ball sac. She inhales the rod. A brunette head bobs back and forth meticulously. Experience hands cupped the retracted balls. They are gently squeezed. 

The full cock was deep in Nicky’s mouth. The taste was cherished. The older woman was eager to feel it up her cunt.

Steve looks down in astonishment at the mature woman giving such an expert blowjobs. She was extremely experienced. This bitch was in heat! 

He loved the tightness of her mouth. It made him extremely hard. This was an outstand cocksucking.

Gradually she released the full ball sac. A free hand moves up inside the uniform shirt. A warm palm brushes across the flat abdomen and muscular chest.

Faster the young mailman fucks her face. Nicky swallows the few drops of pre-cum that oozed out. He gripped her head and humps harder. The ball sac slaps with each plunge.

The harder he pumped, the tighter she sucks. A soft tongue snakes over the hard young cock. Nicky’s lust is growing with each passing minute. 

Suddenly, Steve pulls out of her mouth saying, “I’m not gonna cum in your mouth, sweetie.”

“Why?” A surprised Nicky says, “I like the taste of sperm!”

“‘Cause if your mouth this that good,” he answers standing Nicky up, “your pussy gotta be better!” 

“Well,” Nicky cooed, “You’re not wrong there.”

“Bend over, bitch,” Steve instructs turning the older woman around roughly, “An’ grabbed your ankles.” 

Nicky obeys unquestionably. A tight, firm ass moves from side to side enticingly. A shaved hot pussy is in full view. The pink cunt lips glistened with moisture. 

Steve sighs deeply at the marvelous sight. The younger man reached under Nicky. A set of dark nipples is teased for a few seconds. She wiggles a rounded ass even more.

“Come on, baby,” she moaned. “Put that big ol’ cock inside a ready pussy.”

Nicky feels young hands grasped her asscheeks tightly. Her pussy is stimulated by the touch of a stiff cockhead. A swollen head is pushed in.

“Oh sweet gawd!” Nicky groans loudly.

Her passage was suddenly stretched by the mailman’s steel-hard dick. She could barely keep balance as the youthful cock pumps in and out. Nicky had to grip her ankles even harder to stay upright. 

A set of large breasts swayed back and forth as the fuck rhythm intensified. Athletic legs waver with each pleasure wave. Nicky releases the ankles grip and braces against the wall. 

Only the unyielding ass grip is keeping her stable. The full young cock repeatedly rams inside a dripping cunt. The plunging rod is fantastic!

“Fuck me faster, baby,” she begged hotly, “Pump that big cock all the way in!”

With that, the intensity of the fuck increased. A set of balls slapped loudly against the mature ass. Pronounce ‘whacks’ echo in the room.

“Oh sweet fuck!” she wailed feeling the first pleasure waves arriving, “Ram that nice piece of meat deeper!”

“Get ready, bitch!” Steve growls, “You’re gonna flow lik’a hose!”

“Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeee!” Nicky squeals as a set of pink pussy lips spasms. 

Steve noticed a gush of juices coming from the mature hole. The warm fluids soak the pleasure making cock. The cunt tightens more. 

Nicky is pushed down onto all fours. Steve goes down with her with the long cock remaining inside. Ten fingers gripped a set of rounded asscheeks harder as a stiff rod fucks deeper.

A masculine hand moves underneath and across a sweaty abdomen. A finger is inserted into a busy pussy. It is inserted next to the ramming cock. 

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Fuck!” she wails at the pleasure of the extra penetration, “Sweet jezzzzzzzus!” 

Steve then removes the digit. Nicky then feels the tip pressed against a tight little asshole. He began to rub it back and forth. He continues to pound the wet mature cunt at the same time.

The thought of having another hole played with increased the lusting desires. He was going to double bang her. This man was a damn wonderful stud!

Nicky was at a level of pleasure seldom one person had ever brought her to. The blend sensations on the asshole and clit were fantastic. Her body rotated in response to the combine pleasure mugging. 

“Yes! Yess! Yessssss!” she screamed blindly, “Git your finger up my asshole! Fuck both my holes, baby!” 

The verbal encouragement added to the younger man’s lust. The index finger was inserted deeper into the tight asshole. Gradually it was worked it all the way in. 

The finger and cock moved in a unified rhythm. Nicky’s asshole spasms wildly. Her pussy tightens around the ramming cock. A climax was rising quickly.

“Oh fuck!” Steve groans feeling his balls tingling, “I’m gonna cum!” He shouts, “You bitch! Your tight pussy is makin’ me cum hard!” he bellows.

“Not in my cunt, baby!” Nicky moans, “Let me have it in my mouth!” 

Nicky pulls forward and falls to the floor. The cock and finger popped out of the wet holes. She rapidly turns around. 

Steve knee walks up the trim torso. Muscular legs straddle Nicky’s head. Her mouth was wide open with excitement.

Nicky swallows the swollen cock. She sucks and caresses the stiff shaft anxiously wanting to taste the stranger’s cum. He suddenly taunts. 

“Omigod!” Steve cries out with closed eyes, “I’m cumin’! I’m cumin’ fuckin’ hard!”

A river of sperm rushes from a rigid dickhead. Nicky inhales the first spurts into her throat. The blasts are too much. The remainder lands on the large tits and neck.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!” he gives a final yell then sets back a firm abdomen.

The younger man stares at Nicky with amazement. This mature woman lies there covered in his sperm. It was a marvelous session.

“I’ve gotta go, baby,” Steve says jumping up, “I hate to love an’ run, but I do have a job to do.” 

Nicky stood up looking at the young postman. She smiled with self-satisfaction. He was one healthy specimen of a man. 

Steve speedily got back in uniform. A close-lipped smile was given. He then left. 

Nicky headed back to the shower to clean up. Ironically, it was still running. The room was fill with mist. All the cum and pussy juice was hurriedly washed off. 

The rushed woman grabbed the nearest clothing; there was no time to be picky. She hurriedly dressed in a tight pair of faded jeans and a close-fitting white crop top. No underwear was put on. 

She raced out to car. It would be hell to pay for being so late to work again. This might cost her this job. Hell! It wouldn’t be a first time! 

The store’s air conditioning unit caused a set of nipples to stiffen. The dark nubs pressed against the light, thin top. Some of the male customers ogled as she strutted past. Even a few women smiled at seeing the mature toned body bounce by.

“Sorry I had some car problems,” she lied to Jerry walking behind the counter. “I’m probably gonna get hell for bein’ so late.” 

Even after months of working together, Jerry couldn’t get use to this older woman’s body. He always gave her the once-over. A set of admiring eyes never fails to take in that marvelous chest.

“Don’t sweat it,” he told, “The boss is off sick.” He added, “Besides, it ain’t been busy.” 

Jerry was the boss’s nephew. He was eighteen and in the last year of high school. The young jock often bragged about the older fox with the amazing tits and ass he worked with. 

Normally Nicky’s presence wasn’t so distracting. Jerry had broken up with his girlfriend this summer and didn’t have a steady piece of ass. The young lad had been spending a lot of time jerking off to the image of the sexy older co-worker. 

Jerry’s aunt Jade came out from the back. She looked hard at Nicky. The woman gave a disapproving stare at the slutty attire. 

Jade was a tall big-bodied woman. Nicky thought it was a shame how this female would dress so conservatively. She had an hourglass figure. The big redhead had to have a rack that was at least a 40D.

“I want you two to go back an’ do the monthly inventory,” she instructed. “I can handle the front for now.” 

Jerry and Nicky immediately obeyed. The boxes new merchandise was piled up against the wall. Among them was a stack of mattresses. Often these were used to take quick lunch naps now and then.

As they walked there Jerry couldn’t take his eyes off the mature gorgeous round ass. A young cock stiffens at the sight. Temptation was just too much.

“There’s something I’ve gotta touch right now,” the lusting Jerry stated boldly clamping onto a mature asscheek. 

“Why Jerry,” she coolly responded, “are’ya gettin’ frisky?”

Suddenly the lusting teenager grabbed Nicky roughly. She was pulled to his young muscular body. A youthful cock against her ass while an anxious hand groped the full tits. 

“This isn’t the right place,” she weakly protested, “I don’t think this is the time.” 

She had been checking Jerry out the first day they worked together. There had been many fantasies. It had been awhile that a teenage cock had been inside her.

“Maybe I’ve decided that it’s time, slut,” Jerry hissed. 

She then was spun around. A deep French kiss was force. A mature tongue willingly dueled with his. 

Jerry then pushed her back. A large belt buckle was hastily undone. Loose fitting trousers then fell to his ankles. There were no underpants. 

A thick swollen cock bounced into full view. Nicky’s eyes widened at the sight. With a second look, a lower lip was bitten lustfully. 

“It’s nine fuckin’ inches for ya, bitch,” Jerry claimed pushing her to knees.

Nicky loved it when a man got rough. She didn’t even mind being slapped around a little just as long as a good fucking came with the treatment. An aching cunt was already moist.

“Jerry, you’re so big,” she hotly cooed using both hands to grip the hard teenage shaft. 

“I knew you were a real slut,” he moaned feeling the experienced hands stroked the erect cock.

Her lips and tongue went over the head. The mature mouth was wonderful. The lusting teenager knew this blowjob was going to result in a powerful climax. 

There was no desire to waste energy concentrating on standing. He dropped back on a short stack of mattresses. A nine-inch dick popped from her mouth.

Nicky was now just too hot to want to slow down. The sexy driven woman knee walked up between his legs. A ruby lipped mouth hungrily suck the erect rod back in. A brunette mane bob up and down rapidly. 

Jerry had never had a cocksucking like this before. Many of the high school girls he fucked were good. But none ever filled his lustful needs like this woman was.

Nicky stopped for a moment and pulled the tight crop top off. A set of firm mature tits jiggled with the freedom. The twin vision made the teenage dick even stiffer.

Jerry reached down and petted a large tit. He squeezed a large, dark nipple with thumb and forefinger. He impishly twicks the erect nub. 

“Ummmmmmmmh!” she moaned in response. 

Nicky sucked in the youthful cock deeper. Her pussy was really wet now. Lustful needs demanded to be satisfied. 

Jerry was now groping with two nervous hands. He leaked precum into her mouth. The experienced Nicky knew this boy was long overdue for pussy. 

A blue jean covered crotch pressed against his leg. Even behind the material, he could feel the heat. There was a damp pussy desiring a cock underneath the denim.

“Yes, you’re one fine cocksucker,” Jerry sighed, “An’ I bettin’ you’ve gotta hot cunt as well.” 

“You tell me, stud,” Nicky responded standing up. She unsnapped the tight fitting pants and let them drop. 

“Omigod,” he admired, “You’re as bald as a baby.” 

“True,” she agreed dropping down between his legs again, “But I fuck lik’a horny woman.”

Nicky leaned over his crotch. A set of heavy breasts surrounded the erect cock. The young dick snuggled between the large fleshy mounds. 

She squeezed the firm tits around the stiff rod. He instinctively began to hump between the orbs. He liked this different position. It was a wonderful new sensation. 

While enjoying the long teenage member between her breasts, Nicky snaked a finger down between his asscheeks. A long middle finger found the puckering anus. She rubbed the tight orifice. 

“Oh sweet jezzus!” Jerry huffed. 

An experienced finger sped up the teasing of the boy’s asshole. It made the erect cock jerk faster between her breasts. She increased the tit fuck and finger movements. 

“You’re a damn good slut,” moaned Jerry reaching down to the big titties again. “You’re ya Gawddamn hot bitch!” he moaned, “I’m gonna fuck ya raw before we’re done!” 

The teenage cock felt even harder now. Nicky liked getting this boy even hotter. It was time to demonstrate what a practiced slut could do. 

Nicky leaned back. A warm hand grasped the long rod. She began to stroke it fully from top to bottom. A flickering tongue licked a sweaty ball sac. 

Jerry went wild. The teenager thrust up and down in the skilled hand. The grip on the rod tightened. 

A hot tongue washed around the retracted ball sac. It then steadily moved lower. A pink tip found the tight asshole. 

Jerry robotically lifted a set of athletic legs. Nicky began tonguing the anus faster. Her hand continued to jerk the young hard cock. 

“Oh, fuck you’re such’a slut!” he grunted, “I’ve never had any feelings like this before!” 

A nervous tongue lapped faster over his anus. Her hand jacked the erect cock quicker. Suddenly she felt it stiffen. The ball sac tightened even more. 

He was going to cum. Nicky badly wanted to taste it. The stiff rod was inhaled the to the hilt. She began bob wildly.

“Omigod!” Jerry groaned watching the long brunette mane flail up and down, “Suck out my juices, bitch!” 

This older woman’s mouth was as tight any pussy. His balls started to boil with hot sperm. Nicky sucked deeper. A hot tongue rapidly worked over the shaft.

“Ahhhhhhhhh!” He panted, “I’m cummmin’!” He wailed the hot cum unloaded into her mouth. 

The teenage sperm flushed deep into Nicky’s throat. She inhale the cum river wanting to fully taste it. She continued to jerk the vibrating cock while the love nectar filled a hungry mouth. 
