 She was hidden away in her closet with a sad look on her face. Her boyfriend was still out of town and she was missing him terribly. 

All he male friends were over throughout the day, but there was only one that made her feel special. Nick was her boyfriends best friend, and gave her the same feelings

the he was able to give her... She loved spending time with him while he wasn't around, it kept her mind off things and he never let her feel sad. Her and her friends were really close, like a family, so there wasn't ever anything sexual between anyone but her and her boyfriend john. Except one special say, things turned a different route. 

She was sitting on her pile of clothes in her closet thinking, partially crying but trying to keep herself stable. Her friend Nick opened the door looking for her, and when he saw her he came in a closed the door behind him. 

"Are you OK kare?" Nick asked Karrie

''I guess, I'm just missing john really bad and its killing me." she replied

"yea, I know, but hey he'll be back in two days... you'll be able to spend every minute with him if you wanted to!" Nick told her with a big smile on his face. He smiled yet in his eyes you could see the sadness. Karrie didn't even notice it anymore, but at first she could tell that he was only truly happy when she was around him and they were alone. "and I'm sure he's missing you, but he had to go with his dad, if it wasn't for work I'm sure he'd rather of stayed here with you." Nick continued.

"Yea I know, but this is the third weekend he has been gone from me this month! and between both of us working and going to school we hardly see each other except on weekends...I was just really looking forward to cuddling up on the couch with him." that was all karrie could say without tears falling from her beautiful eyes.

Nick put his arm around her and held her close, he could smell her shampoo and it was magnificent. She not only smelled like an angel, she looked like one. She was about 5'5'' tall with long brown hair and big brown eyes to match, Just gorgeous. As a natural athlete, she of course had a sculpted body to go with her face. A tight slender stomach, perfect B cup breasts, and legs that ran for miles. 

"Well you know, it is thanksgiving coming up, that mean neither of you will have class so you'll be able to make up for the time he has been away from you." Nick said attempting to assure her.

Karrie looked at him with a big smile on her face, when she smiled at Nick it was like she was giving him the world. Nothing could make him sad when she was smiling and it was only for him. He raised his hand and wiped a tear from her cheek, "don't be sad kare, he loves you and you love him. Not even a million miles between you could stop that." He stared deep into her eyes as he said that.

She looked away and attempted to clean herself up a bit. "I know Nick, its just getting harder. But your right, there is no point in my being sad, he'll be back in a few days and everything will be right again. God, I love him."

She got a lustful look on her face again, but then it changed as she looked at Nick. "You want to know something else?"

"What's that?" Nick said humoring her.

"I love you to," and just as she said this she leaned in to kiss him.

Nick pulled back and they didn't kiss. "Kare, YOU KNOW I love you too, but are you sure you want to do this? I mean John is your fiancé and my best friend, it would kill him to find out about this."

"Well then we'll just have to keep this between us, I've always wanted to kiss you."

So they did. It wasn't just a little peck, it was a long passionate kiss. After, he just sat there holding her against his chest as she stared up at him with her big brown eyes.

"Come on, let's get out of this closet." Nick said as he took Karrie by the hand and helped her up. They walked out of the closet holding hands and both of them had smiling eyes, even though they were trying to hide they're happiness from their friends.

"What was that about?" Jaimie asked karrie as she sat down on the couch with Nick right beside her.

"Nothing, I was just really missing John and like always Nick was able to cheer me up!"

"Oh that's good!" Jaimie retorted smiling. "You should never feel sad about John; you two were made to be together!"

All Kare could do was smile, and she looked at Nick. He wasn't smiling. He looked over at kare and she gave him a look that said "I know I'm so sorry." but he didn't really mind it, he just smiled and started to teaser her. Tickling her on her stomach, and under her breasts, those were her two most ticklish spots and he knew that. "Hahahahaha Nick stop! Haha come on your going to make me pee my pants!"

Jaimie laughed really loud to that, and got up and went upstairs to take a shower. 

Nick stopped tickling her and she just laid there catching her breath. 

Huffing loudly "haha thanks Nick, now I have to go change my underwear!"

"haha don't blame me for you having a small bladder!" Nick said trying to stop himself from falling on the floor.

"Ah whatever," kare said with a smile on her face. She stood up and dropped her pants to the floor. She walked back into the closet and bent over to pick out a fresh pair of panties. 

Nick was amazed, it wasn't the first time he saw her do that, but each time he had to reach in his pants and tuck his cock up into his belt. Her tanned legs and ass was amazing. She had a beautiful ass and as she walked she shook it for him just to say, "Ha you'll never get this!" she loved to tease him, and it drove Nick insane. She picked out a neon green thong and dropped her panties, trying hard to hide her bald mound from Nick's site. "God damn, I love that color on you." Nick said, Karrie turned and gave him a little smile "yea its johns favorite too. I'll never understand you guys, how can the color of panties turn you on?"

To karrie's amazement Nick did something she's never seen him do. He stood up and let her see his enormous erection. "Well I don't think I have to explain it do I?" he said turning sideways to show his full length. "Ha no, no you don't. I can tell it turns you on more than anything." she said as she walked towards her pants on the floor and kicked them out of her way. She kept walking and straddled Nick while pushing his enormous genitals out of her way. "God, I wish John was as well endowed as you are." she said with a giggle.

"Well not everyone is this lucky," Nick said while grabbing her by the waist, lifting her up and setting her down on the couch next to him. "I really don't think we should do that with Jaimie around, she might get the wrong idea"

"Nah, Jaimie is going to be occupied for a while, I invited Shane over today too." Nick looked at her and thought he saw a vindictive look in her eyes. But he couldn't have. Karrie was the sweetest little girl you could ever meet. 

"Well then, what should we do since we're all alone." Nick said with a smirk on his face, he loved flirting with her, but he hated how it could never come to be something else.

"Well," kare said as she slide her hand down his chest "we could cuddle? I'm really in the mood to just chill out today." 

"Aight, that sounds damn good to me!" Nick slide himself over a bit on the couch so he was sitting right next to her. He put his arm around her and she laid down with her head half on his stomach, half on his lap. It's a good thing he was able to make his member stand down otherwise she couldn't have been to comfortable. He rests his hand on her thighs and just sits there with her, watching TV. Using his other hand to started to play with her hair. Twirling it and flipping it.

"are you having fun? I love the way you make me feel when you do that though." kare said as she turned to look at him. 

"Of course I'm having fun! I couldn't have a bad day when I'm with you," he said as he leaned over to give her a kiss of the forehead. She got up and with her ass to him, gave Nick a little shake. Making his cock get a little harder, "oh god girl, why you got to do this to me!?!" he said as he 'fixed' himself once again. 

"Because I'm a tease..."

"The sexiest tease I know, why don't you shake that ass over my way" he said, and surprisingly she did! He's said that before, but she always just looked at him and gave him a look. She was standing there half naked with her hands holding the bottom of her shirt. With a swift motion, she ripped her shirt above her head and was standing there in her bra and panties. This is amazing, Nick thought, I've never seen here fully expose her body to me. God she was gorgeous, her slim athletic body was just standing there in front of him, half naked and looking horny. "Damn, I love your body kare, its the only thing that turns me on any more."

"I still don't know why you think I'm sexy. But hey, if it works for you, it works for me too." She said and she straddled him again this time caressing his body all over. 

"Are you sure about this kare? I'm not trying to keep you from doing it, because I think I want it more than you do, but are you sure?"

all she had to do was nod, which she did, and that was good enough for Nick. He leaned back, and let her do what she wanted to him. She leaned in and gave him a little kiss, then moved down to his neck. She moved herself from kissing his neck to biting his ear and blowing in it. Nick loved his ear being bitten, and she was the best girl he knew for it. Then she started to raise his shirt over his head, but he stopped her.

"What?" kare said with a little shock

"Nothing! Just wait." he returns the favor of teasing her, nipping at her neck, and kissing his way down her chest. With a little flick he popped her bra off to expose her perk tits. Even her breasts were tan, with little pinkish brown nipples. He cupped her left breast and teased her right one with his tongue. Once each nipple was perky and sharp he lifted her off him again and laid her on the couch. Leaning over karrie, Nick slide his hands down her legs, and back up stopping at her buttocks to give it a little squeeze. Then while looped his index finger and thumb around the straps of her thong, he pulled them down. 

"Oh lord, this day can't get any better" Nick said aloud, even though he didn't mean to. He kissed her right above her clit getting it nice and wet in that spot. Then he blew on her, and she gave a little squirm and giggle, he could tell she liked that. He took her clit gently between his teeth and pulled out, letting it flop back down where he meet it with his mouth again this time he began to suck. Gently at first, then harder, then gently again. He moved his way around her vag licking all around her lips, teasing her, but turning her on even more than he thought he would. He placed his neck on her pussy and looked up at her. She gave me a confused sort of look, and then he began to hum. Quietly at first, then he went as loud as he could. Vibrating her pussy, he could feel her wetness reaching his neck. She threw her head back and gave a quiet moan. 

"Oh Nick." she whispered, as Nick continued to hum. He stopped and brought his hand up to her snatch. He tapped her pussy a few times, and flicked at her clit. Then ever so gently he stuck 1 finger inside her wet twat. Slowly moving his hand back and forth Karrie scream. 

"Oh that feels so good, yea baby, move a bit faster," He obliged and moved his finger in and out slightly faster while he licked at her clit with his tongue. Nick didn't know how many fingers she could take, but figured two was enough as he slid his fingers as deep as he could into her trembling pussy. She was beginning to shake as he finger fucked her, he reached up and began caressing her breast and play with her nipples. The faster and faster he began to fuck her with his fingers, the faster she moaned in pleasure. 


"Hmm I like that, don't stop, don't stop baby. Fuck me hard with your fingers." she moaned loudly as Nick felt a wave of an orgasm reach his fingers, she bucked against his hand and he could tell she was almost spent. He pulled out his fingers and licked all the juices from one of them, while making his way back up towards her face. She took his hand and licked off the remaining pussy juice from his other finger. 

"Oh Nick that was amazing. I've never came like that from being fingered. He smiled at her as his eyes were taking in all he could of her body. He was still teasing her tits and pussy every now and then, but not enough to get her worked up again. He stood up and took off his shirt. She sat up and looked at him. He jerked his head towards the table and she knew what he wanted her to do, so she stood and moved herself over to the table. Moving everything out of her way as she laid down, Nick dropped his pants and for the first time, karrie saw all of Nick. She's never been with anyone this big, since she's only ever been with john. She had a scared look to her face and Nick reassured her. "It's going to be OK, I'll be gentle. If it's too much for you we won't have to go through with it." Karrie smiled, 

"No I want to even if you rip me a part!" she said, and Nick grinned ear to ear. He pulled out a condom from his pants on the floor and gave it to her. She tore it open and began to gently roll the condom over his prick. Karrie made him so hard, without even trying. He's always wanted to be with this girl, and now its happening. She finished putting the condom on and gave him a short suck, all she could think of was how big he was. She was even straight her mouth to see how much of him she could take in at once. But, regardless of that she lay back down on the table propped up on her elbows. 

"Fuck me Nick, Fuck me hard. I've wanted this so bad." she nearly screamed the last part. 

"Oh me to kare, me to." that was all he said before he leaned over and placed the head of his cock against her soft skin. He toyed her pussy with his cock before resting the head of his penis at the entrance to her love hole. He slowly pushed half his length into her, "how's that feel?"

"Fucking amazing," karrie said. Karrie wasn't normally the type to swear, but when she did it normally meant she was really excited or really angry, so Nick knew this was a good sign. He leaned in a bit more, thrusting himself deeper into her gaping cunt. He could tell she was in pure bliss and his full length was in her. 

Slowly he pulled back out, but she stopped him. "No Nick I want to feel your hard erection inside me for a bit," so he stopped. Letting her feel his enormous cock in her tiny twat. He leaned forward towards her face and kissed her softly.

"I love you kare, I always have." He announced to her.


"I know Nick; I have the same feelings for you, but I'm with John. So we could never have a real relationship. . ." she said sadly

"I know, but even if it is just today that I got to treat you like my girlfriend, then that is enough for me. This day will make me happy for the rest of my life, even if we weren't having sex." he said as he leaned back out and pulled his cock further out of her. 

Quickly, he brought his full mass out of her and thrust it back in. Kare gave a little shriek, a mixture of pain and pleasure. "Sorry, am I being too rough for you?" 

"No! I actually like it." she said to him and demanded that he keep going.

He pulled his cock back out and pounded back into her, over and over and over he did this and he could feel her pussy loosen up a bit around his cock. Nick began to fuck her, harder than she's ever been fucked before, thrusting in and out bringing almost his entire cock out then slamming it back in. occasionally pulling completely out and slapping his dick against her mound, then shoving his full length right back into her. He watched her tits flop back and forth, back and forth, he loved that. He let out a slight grunt as he continued to work her pussy. 

Watching her expressions change Nick saw her face screw up in pleasure as he felt her cum on his cock. He didn't stop fucking her tight pussy, he slowed down a bit and moved his knees to a better spot and went right back to fucking her harder than she could of imagined. he felt her cum yet again, and decided that its time to change positions.

He pulled out from her sweet twat and sat on the couch holding her hands. 

"Ride me." was all he said, and she mounted him. Taking in as much as she could of his gigantic penis. She bobbed up and down on his cock, as he nibbled on her breast. biting her nipples and skin. He had his hands cupped under her ass and he was lifting her up and down on his shaft. God this feels amazing karrie thought, and she came once again. She leaned back and moaned loudly

"Ohhhhhhhh oooohh Nick I love you. Fuck me hard with you big cock baby. Fuck me harder, harder, harder" she was screaming as they fucked on the couch. 

Nick continued to lift her up and down on his cock, moaning right along with her. He could feel his sack start to tighten and he came inside her dripping wet. He moved his hand from her ass to her clit and rubbed it. Tweaking it between her fingers and she continued to ride him hard. 

"Oh this feels so good baby" he said, as she wrapped her arms around his neck for better leverage. "Don't stop kare, ride my cock"

"Oh baby, I love how you cock fills my whole cunt. Oh yea Nick, oh yea" she stopped riding him and leaned over the couch so he could mount her from the back. He paused and took off the condom and wiped off his dick. He positioned himself behind her and started to fuck her again. Reaching around her and playing with her tits. He was banging the fuck out of her pussy, while making his nut sack flop up to slap at her clit. It was weird, having never fucker her before, but he knew exactly how she liked it. He was fucking her good and hard as Jaimie came down the stairs. 

"Well Shane left," she said as she realized what was going on. "Oh my god! What are you doing?"

"Jaimie shhhh its OK!" Nick said aloud.

"Yea Jaim, why don't you join us?" karrie said without really thinking about it. Ryan never would of thought this could happen, Jaimie stood there thinking and all Nick saw while he was still fucking karrie was her pants drop. Jaimie was a good looking girl, nice C cup tits, with a great ass. But she was pale, which was OK because she still looked damn good. 

"Well I hope your better than Shane... he just fucks like shit" Jaimie said with a smile as she finished taking off the rest of her clothes.

"God this is awesome, I never thought both of my fantasies would come true in one day!" Nick said with elation as Jaimie laid on her back behind Nick and took his sack into her mouth, switch from teasing him to sucking on Karrie's clit. 

"Oh wow, I've never been with a girl, this is amazing" karrie said as she was getting nailed by Nick and sucked clean by Jaimie. Karrie came again and Nick decided to give Jaimie a ride. He picked her up from the floor and laid her on the couch. He pushed his dick into her as karrie mounted her face. 

This was Nick's dream, to be with Karrie and another girl at the same time! How could this all be happening in one day?!?!? He didn't care; he just knew it WAS happening so he was going to enjoy it. Nick could see that karrie was enjoying herself possibly better than he was as Jaimie ate her pussy. 


Jaimie had a trimmed pussy, not completely bald like Nick likes, but it was OK she kept it in control. He pounded his thick cock in and out of Jaimie as she got wetter and wetter, and her clit began to swell up. 

Nick could hear Jaimie moaning while she ate out Karrie's coochie, and Karrie too was moaning loudly. Enjoying every minute of having her pussy being eaten by another girl. 

Nick Lai down on the couch and let the girls do what they wanted to him after Jaimie came. The both started by sucking him off, Karrie had had his cock in her mouth as Jaimie stroked him and toyed with his balls. Then Jaimie got up and mounted Nick, while karrie mounted his stomach facing Jaimie. They played with each other's bodies while Jaimie rode up and down on his cock. Nick could feel another load coming out of his dick, but he didn't care, both the girls had been taking birth control for years. He thrust his hips into Jaimie's pussy as she slammed down on his cock. Karrie leaned to the side and Nick could see Jaimie's face. She was looking at the ceiling with her eyes closed and her mouth open as she moaned. Her tits flopping up and down as she rode Nick Hard. Her ass turning red as she slammed against Nick's thighs. 
