 Ch. 04 - Driving Lesson

Forward

Nickels and Dimes is a work of fiction. Characters and events come strictly from the imagination. Chapter 01 one of this saga is the much earlier story on Literotica "This Door Must Remain Unlocked". Chapter 02 two is the story "Gregory's Au Pair" published recently. Chapter 03 is Atonement also published recently.

This is the fourth in that series about two truckers, owner operators (O O's), who, while finding trucking to be enjoyable and profitable, do not find it to be sufficiently lucrative to provide money for their eventual retirement.

Their solution is to take money from people who have plenty and won't miss what they take. Many of those from whom they steal are people involved in occupations that are on the wrong side of the law themselves. In this installment you'll find Ilysa wanting to learn to drive. Also Sandy, Rick's partner, and Ilysa initiate Sandy's wife into communal sex. 

In each of these stories you will find sex, drama, and conflict, even, perhaps, a bit of humor. If you like the stories, please let me know. If you dislike them, I'd like to know that as well. How else can we improve what we provide our readers if they don't let us know what they like and dislike?

Thank you so much for reading this story. I hope you enjoy it. Kindly leave a comment at the end of the story.

***********************************************************************************

"No" Means Golini's

"I want to go with you."

"No."

"I am so bored sitting around here managing your business. I want to get out for a while. Be on the road like you. You promised me you'd show me how to drive your truck."

"No and I did not. You can't go and I never said I'd teach you to drive. You asked if I would and, while I didn't say no, I never said I would."

They were standing in her apartment which doubled as his office. He was an O O, an owner operator, a trucker. She arranged loads for him and his partner, Sandy to transport around the country. It was stressful and boring. She wanted to get out. She wanted to learn to drive a "big rig".

She looked around in anger. "At least let me ride with you."

"No."

"You let Janet"

"No. Well, yes. But not very often."

She smiled. "You fuck her in the sleeper." Her Swedish accent was thick as she slowly drew out each word.

"Make love," he insisted. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"You could fuck me in the sleeper."

"Ilysa, you're not going to ride with me." Pausing, he considered fucking her in the sleeper. She saw him consider her offer. "At least not on this trip." He did like fucking her in the sleeper, but he didn't want to lose the argument. However, considering what he might be losing if he won, was the argument worth winning?

She produced her cell phone. She worked it for a few seconds and held it to her ear. "Hi. He's here."

Rick dropped into a chair in frustration.

"Rick won't take me out on the road with him and says he won't teach me how to drive. And I'm bored," Ilysa blurted out.

"How would you like to spend the night here with me? Just the two of us," Janet asked quietly.

"I'd like that," Ilysa whispered.

Ilysa hung up. Hurriedly she picked up her purse and headed for the door. "You can stay here."

He was on his feet and out the door behind her. He stayed with her as she took the staircase down, and walked out back to the parking area. She made straight for her car. He was a pace behind her. As she unlocked the door, he reached to open it. Gently she pushed his hand away, opened the door and got in. He stood back as she started the car, backed from the parking space, and drove from the lot.

He knew where she was headed. She and his wife, Janet were best buddies.

He walked around the front of the apartment building and in his own car followed her. It was getting to be late evening. The clock on his dashboard read after nine when he pulled in not but a minute or so after she had arrived.

Janet opened the front door. Ilysa followed her inside then out into her garage and her car. The garage door was going up when Rick arrived. He hurried around to the driver side. "Honey, where are you going?"

"We're going out to Golini's for dinner. You can get yourself some leftovers from the fridge." She leaned her head out the window and puckered for a kiss. He kissed her reluctantly and stepped back.

She drove off.

It was after midnight when they returned. It was apparent that the food and wine at Golini's had been well received. Both of the girls were in a good mood. He'd gone to bed and was reading propped up on several pillows. He heard the garage door go up, then a minute or so later he heard it come down. He heard the chatter and footsteps of the girls as they came through the kitchen.

The next sounds were hard to decipher as the girls opened a bottle of wine. It was an hour before he heard them, still talking and occasionally giggling start up the stairs. The bedroom door opened. They smiled at him. Each greeted him, but said little else since they were engrossed in their own conversation. Janet kicked off her sandals and pulled her jeans off. She dropped the jeans on a chair where Rick had left his. Ilysa's jeans topped the building pile. A blouse followed. 

Rick had stopped reading. He was following each piece of clothing as it landed on the pile. 

Ilysa added Janet's bra. Janet followed suit. They'd stopped talking. Rick watched the two women's breasts crush against each other as they kissed. It was a tender, but not passionate kiss.

They disappeared into the bathroom. Noises of bedtime preparation could be heard through the closed door. Rick was erect. It would be a good night. He fantasized which he would have first. He loved being inside one of them while sucking on the other, then changing pussies before he decided which of them would be privileged to receive his load. He stroked himself and waited.

They came out holding hands. Their panties had been left behind in the bathroom. There was a sheen on the lips of their pussies. Ilysa lay on her back next to him. Janet lay on top of her between her wide spread legs. 

Rick began to stroke his wife's ass as it slid up and down on Ilysa's pussy. She stopped and looked at him reproachfully. "Not tonight, honey. I just want to have Ilysa. You go to sleep." She took his hand from her butt and placed it on his hard cock.

He would be on his own again tonight.

Rick Manages by Himself

Rick had eventually left the two women alone thrashing about on the king size mattress. He listened from their guest room to their ecstatic mewling while stroking himself furiously fantasizing about having Ilysa in the sleeper. He came, then came again so intense were their cries. He stopped stroking himself and laid back trying not to listen. Finally, he got up and went into the bathroom to clean up.

After he'd cleaned up he began thinking about Ilysa and her issue with needing to get out more. Perhaps he could arrange for her to have a change of scenery.

He could show her how to drive the rig. It wasn't really all that hard. The real issues in driving came when you were actually on the road. Handling the rig in a parking lot was nothing like handling it on the open road with wind, hills, and, god help us, four wheelers.

She might like to have some time with Sandy. Though she had worked for Guaranteed Transport for over a year, his family had never met her, only heard about this new member of the team. They knew that she was building the business so much that they'd had to add five O Os around the country to help with the hauling. Meeting her would be good for them.

He made a mental note to call Sandy in the morning.

He closed his eyes to sleep, but thoughts of Ilysa in the sleeper tormented him until he once again began to slowly stroke himself looking for relief.

A Lost Bathing Suit

He slept restlessly alone in the guest room. The girls slept well. In the middle of the night he thought he'd try his luck sleeping in his more comfortable bed. Stumbling to his bedroom, he approached his side of the king sized bed. The two women slept naked with covers pulled to their chins. Each was sprawled in her own fashion, but there was still room for him. Janet lay on her left side facing Ilysa. Ilysa sprawled nearby more or less on her back with seemingly no particular pattern to where her arms and legs were positioned. There was room for him on his side of the bed. He crawled in.

Sensing his presence, Ilysa moved close. Her limbs were more directed now. "Hi," she murmured her lips brushing his shoulder. She seemed to sleep, but after a few moments her arm moved across his chest as they lay in spoon fashion. 

He fell instantly asleep but as her hand, in its wandering, found his cock, sleep vanished. She snuggled tightly against him while she stroked and fondled him. When his cock began to throb, she whispered in a sleepy voice, "Why don't you roll over and fuck me. I know we left you kind of horny last night."

Mostly asleep she lay on her back as he mounted her. Janet snuggled against them. Slowly with long languorous strokes Rick fucked Ilysa his hand on Janet's thigh. He heard both women breathing quietly as sleep returned. He fell asleep atop Ilysa who eventually urged him off.

Morning found the three of them nestled tightly.

The three slept late. None had any special commitments. As they awoke and continued to snuggle Ilysa commented chuckling as she and Janet stroked him, "You didn't come in me last night. Am I losing my appeal?"

"I can't imagine either of you losing your appeal." To demonstrate he kissed and sucked both women ending under the covers after some minutes. When he emerged from the depths of the sheets and blanket, his face was wet. 

"Were you two fucking in the middle of the night? Was that what was going on," Janet asked now fully awake. She slid down and took Rick in her mouth. From under the covers they heard her comment, "That does taste like Ilysa." 

As Rick groaned Ilysa joined Janet running her nails across his chest, then sucking his nipples. His eyes closed Rick allowed they two women to work him. Suddenly Janet rose her head pulling the covers off Rick. "I need some coffee. How about you Ilysa." Rick's cock stood at attention.

"Oh, god," he moaned not now! Finish it."

"Coffee," she asked?

Ilysa humming softly slid down and, opening herself, sat astride Rick pushing him inside her. She stroked him several times, then hopped to the floor. "Come get some coffee. If you're lucky we'll finish you after the girls go to school." Reluctantly, still hard, Rick arose. It was only after the coffee was brewing that he recalled that today was a holiday that left school closed.

Two cups of coffee later he placed the call to Sandy still feeling unrelieved, plotting revenge.

Sandy was quite agreeable to having Ilysa visit. "You get to nail her much," he asked envious of his partner's luck.

"Not as much as I'd like." He thought back to the night just past. "Believe it or not, she and my wife have gotten a thing going."

"Really?" Sandy was incredulous. "I'd have thought both of them were pretty straight."

"I can't figure it out," Rick said. "But my sex life has improved a lot. Ilysa and my wife do it in the bed with me right there, then both of them jump on me. I'm here to tell you, that ain't bad. You and Patty ought to try it. I'll bet Ilysa would be interested."

"I don't know about my wife, she's awfully funny about sex. I can't see her with another woman and I sure can't see her doing it with the kids in the house."

"How about this," Rick suggested. "We put Ilysa up at a motel. Maybe I'll come along with Ilysa. Might be fun. You and Patty could meet us at the motel. Something might happen."

"Dunno. Who got the two of them going on your end, Janet or Ilysa?"

"Janet. Definitely Janet. I don't think Ilysa would have done any of it without Janet pushing it."

"Well, I may not get laid, but it would be fun having her here regardless. Want to come down next week? I'm gone on a run this weekend."

"I'll check with her and let you know."

In the discussion of the upcoming trip, Janet smiled knowingly, "You two might as well get just one room. It'll save money; the other room would hardly get used anyway." Her eyebrow went up as if to say, I know I'm right. I know where Rick will want to spend the night.

She looked at Ilysa, "Unless you want your own room to escape from this wolf."

Ilysa was conflicted and showed it. "You're OK with knowing Rick is, how do you say, nailing me?"

"Might as well be, that's what usually happens. If it's not you, it will be some other poor girl."

"OK. You can nail me," she said with a smile and a cocky look at Rick. "But that means that you need to nail your wife tonight." She shook her finger at him in her best imitation of a schoolmarm. "I'm going to go bed with you two tonight just to make sure you nail her good."

Thus it was that Ilysa got to meet Patty Morrison and her children, Madison and Morgan. Patty knew about Ilysa, but Sandy had given her almost no detail. Specifically, he'd said nothing about her youth and attractiveness. When she drove up the following Tuesday with Rick in the passenger seat of her BMW convertible, Patty was surprised, taken back. Why, she wondered, amazed, was the girl driving and where did she get a BMW convertible?

But when this tall Swedish blond stepped gracefully from the car, she was stunned. "Tits out to here," she would later confide to a friend with dramatic gestures.

Even the girls noticed how good looking Ilysa, whom they were to know as Sylvi, was. The younger girls noticed her pretty face, her fine blond hair, and the graceful way she carried herself. They also noted that she was almost a head taller than their mother.

All Patty noticed was her intensely erotic aura. Her chest tightened as she visualized Sandy's erection.

Following introductions and some casual chit chat, Patty led them into the house. The business that Ilysa had developed had dramatically increased income for both Sandy and Rick. It allowed for many extras including an extensive remodeling of the house. Now Patty and Sandy led them through the house to the recently added pool at the rear. They shared wine and beer as well as cheese and crackers on the pool deck. They chatted for an hour or so before the bored girls interrupted.

"Could we go swimming," they asked as the conversation paused briefly.

"Sure," Patty responded.

"Come on Sylvi, go swimming with us."

Ilysa looked around. "Are you going in, too," she asked Sandy, then Patty.

"Uh. Hadn't thought about it," Sandy replied.

"I don't have a suit," Rick put in. "I'd forgotten about the new pool."

"I'll loan you one," Sandy said standing. "Come on, it's a perfect day for it."

Ilysa, who had brought a suit, replied brightly, "OK, sounds good to me." 

"Mr. Watkins can change in Morgan's room and Sylvi can change with us." The girls had it all figured out. 

Ilysa and the girls went to the car where they picked up Ilysa's bag. They led her to Madison's room where they would change. Rick followed Sandy and Peggy. Madison closed the door quickly. Ilysa could see there was something up. The two of them stripped without hesitation, then began to make decisions about which suit to wear. Ilysa smiled to herself as she noted that, unlike herself, the girls had done little to sculpt the abundant bush between their legs.

Somewhat uncomfortable, Ilysa began to remove her own clothes. The two girls stopped what they were doing to watch. They were less than covert as Ilysa began to realize that the girls were really interested in her body. Resigning herself, Ilysa undressed. When she stood naked, the girls stared unabashedly. She said softly, "Did you want to ask something?" 

"We've never really been able to look at anyone naked except each other," Madison said. "You really can't stare in a girls' locker room or, you know, talk about, well," she blushed as her voice trailed off. "You don't mind?" She finished her thought staring at Ilysa's shaved pussy.

"Well, it is a bit uncomfortable, but ask away." 

Morgan hesitated only a second before she gushed, "We want to look like you. Dad has spoken so highly about you we thought we might want to, you know, look like you."

A little surprised at the specificity of the goal, Ilysa said, "Well, you two look pretty grown up now." She put her hands under her breasts lifting them slightly by way of explanation. "And I doubt that your brown hair will ever turn blond." 

They laughed. "You know what we mean," Morgan insisted. "I want boobs like yours." She lifted her own breasts, "curves like yours," she ran her hands down her waist and over her hips. 

The gates were opened and the girls asked questions about men and women, sometimes talking over each other. At one point Morgan pointed between Ilysa's legs. "Don't blonds have hair there? I think the blonds at school had hair there, but it wasn't polite to look."

"Oh, yeah, I have lots of hair there, but I shave it off."

"Why?" They looked at their own a full bushes.

Ilysa hesitated, then getting up her nerve she said, "Men seem to like it that way."

They were quiet. "Have you done it with a lot of men?" It was Morgan who asked the really lurid question. It was clear that they wanted a yes from Ilysa. 

"Well," she began, "I don't know about a lot of men, but there have been several."

That was enough for Morgan to get up the nerve to ask, "Tell us what it's like to have a man do, well, you know". She pointed between Ilysa's legs.

"That's kind of more than we have time for, but you deserve to know, so we'll find a time to talk about it before I leave," she promised.

"Do you think I'll have boobs like yours," Morgan asked putting her own hands under her smaller, still developing breasts.

"You'll probably have boobs something like your mom's, or your grandmothers'," Ilysa assured her. "Besides," she added conspiratorially, "I really don't think men care as much as they seem to. I think they just like to squeeze your 'titties', as they call them," she squeezed Morgan's breasts gently, "and get that pecker up inside you." She ran her hand up Morgan's slit. The girls' eyes were wide. Morgan ran her own finger up her slit.

The door to Madison's room had been heard to close moments earlier. Before Ilysa realized what was happening Morgan, switched on her TV and selected a channel. There in full color stood Rick, naked, changing into his suit.

"Oh, my god," Ilysa cried trying to keep her voice down. She covered her mouth. "Turn that off." They weren't quick about it, but they did eventually turn it off.

"Is that what men look like," Morgan asked giggling. "That's a funny thing." She mocked Rick. "It looks like an elephant's trunk." She strutted about the room with her hands holding a large, but imaginary, penis.

"Oh god," Ilysa said. "We need to talk about a lot of things. Do you suppose your mom and dad would be mad if we talked?"

"No," they said much too quickly.

Ilysa decided she'd need to talk to Sandy and Patty before she got too involved.

"You won't tell them about Mr. Watkins, will you?"

"No. I think that's something best left undisclosed." Her heart was beginning to race. What was she getting herself into? And why did Morgan and Madison have that camera? Were there more?

"Come on. They're probably waiting for us. Let's get our suits on," Ilysa encouraged them hopefully closing out the earlier subject.

Perhaps noting that Ilysa was going to be wearing a rather skimpy bikini, the girls chose likewise, though they felt self-conscious exposing so much skin.

The girls donned their bathing suits as did Ilysa. Looking at Ilysa in her suit, Morgan ventured in a low voice, "You look like a swimsuit model."
