 Hi there reader. This is a new story of mine, and is one of what will be many attempts to break out and try to write in a very different category to the ones I'm used to. I will be giving several categories a go, many of which I haven't ever written in before, or in some cases even thought about. I hope you enjoy the experiment!

---

It was the watch that first caught my attention. What can I say? I like nice things.

It wasn't just the watch, though. I remember that pretty much everything about this man stood out. If it wasn't the watch it was the suit, or the shoes, or the attitude. Most importantly though it was the company he kept. I could tell this guy and his friends were going to be a handful of trouble soon, given the number of drinks they were all throwing back, and the poor girls in this place would be easy pickings.

Even as I thought this at the time, sitting at the bar with my one drink, I watched him start to eye off the young ones, mentally licking his lips like a big cat predator in Africa or somewhere. Such brutes wouldn't show much care for the girls they hurt, and not all girls were capable of looking after themselves. I sipped my drink as one of the servers was not slapped, not pinched, but firmly grabbed on the ass by one of the two biggest guys, laughing at her squeal of fear.

Part of me always wonders how the people of this city put up with guys like them, day in day out, roaming the streets at night like packs. I knew of the rape and the murder, the theft and the violence, but never could I have imagined it would be so casually ignored. It made me sick, and it was that sickness which guided me that night.

Another girl seized by her personal areas by a thug, another cry of fear, but no one moved. The offender – the one with the watch – got up and laughed to his friends as he made his way to the bar, staring at the behinds of every female in sight on the journey over. When he was done examining the eye candy he slapped the bar loudly to get the attention of the mild mannered owner.

"Where the fuck's the service, eh? Oi! Get me some drinks over here!" He grinned back at his goons as they laughed loudly, as if they really did own the place. As the bartender brought some glasses over the brute noticed me, eyed me over, and put on a far smoother voice.

"Drinking alone huh?"

"Yep," I said, staring straight ahead as I swirled my glass around. I had a feeling my nonchalant response threw him just a little, considering the moment it took him to formulate his next words. Either that or it was the alcohol in his system.

"That's no way to enjoy a night out. Could do with a few more glasses, or maybe somethin' stronger, don't you reckon?" he asked, as if his intent was perfectly hidden. I shrugged my shoulders, still casual.

"It's strong enough," I said, and I tossed the rest of the drink back like it was water, slapping the glass down and nodding at the barkeep, who poured me another powerful dose. Perhaps not expecting two cool replies in a row, the big guy threw out his empty glass and indicated he wanted some as well, taking a long pull before coughing violently, the strength of my chosen liquor surprising him.

"Y-you know," he said, managing to hold back from choking, "drinking alone can't be a lot of fun. Say, how 'bout you come over with us? We'll have a good time, couple more drinks, on me." He moved closer and slicked his dark hair back, as if it would improve his chances.

"More drinks?" I said, finally looking at him, a strand of long, dark brown hair falling across my face. "Don't you think you should go easy?" I took a sip of my new drink as easily as I did with the first, letting the sharp, warm liquid slip down my throat. I had a feeling he wasn't used to being challenged so much, but to his credit he only lost his temper for a second, his nostrils flaring as his eyes blazed with fire and alcohol.

"Come now, I'm just looking to have a good time, that's all," he said, restraining his anger. "No need to insult a man's integrity. Besides, I have no problem with a woman who can hold her liquor." He took another sip of his drink, managing not to cough this time. He had learned, which showed more intelligence than I would have given him credit for.

"A girl's gotta look out for herself, lot of unsavoury characters down here." I looked over to his table of brutes. "Preying on the weak-willed."

"Aww, they're just having fun, no harm meant... besides, these girls are askin' for the attention, wearin' those outfits." He smirked to himself. "Not you though, right doll? No, you're somethin' else...I think I like that."

"Do you? I'm a tough girl. Aren't you into girls with a little less...bite?" I asked, narrowing my hazel eyes.

"Hey now, it's all good, besides...you wouldn't be having this conversation if you weren't looking for something," he said, "something a little...stronger."

"Oh wow, I guess that's where you come in, is it?" I said back, sarcasm slipping from between my ruby red lips.

"Let's not pretend here. I know you're looking for more than a drink at the bar. I also know you aren't a fan of my boys and their...manners." He glanced over at the table where a girl was being held rather tightly in the lap of one of the biggest men there. "So how about we split this scene...my boys will go home and you and I can continue this conversation, perhaps over some real drinks." His eyes flickered down my body, taking in my modest black dress and long legs, bare from the knees down.

I pretended to think about it, when I really knew what my decision would be. I was tough, I had gotten dirty before, and the girls of this city would owe me tonight. I looked up at him, sipping my drink. "You got a place?"

He nodded, barely containing a grin of triumph. "Stocked with way stronger flavours than what you'll have here as well." He threw back the rest of his drink and slapped the glass down, restraining a cough. "I'll bet there's something there that might take your fancy, doll."

I threw my own drink back and swallowed, placing the glass down and slipping from the stool onto my black heels. How right he was about that. "Sure, I'm up for a challenge. You'll take care of the drinks here, then? And by the way," I said, throwing my coat on as Mr. Watch pulled out his wallet, "the name's Selena." Two of his boys stood up from the table and made their way over as I walked past, taking in the glances of the frightened girls in the bar on my way out.

I stepped outside into the cold of winter, a light snow falling in the chilly midnight air. My new friend and one of his associates joined me on the kerb as another fetched a ride, the rest moving out into the street on their way home.

"And what do I call you?" I asked casually, tugging my long warm coat around me as I waited for a large car to pull up. The man turned and smiled to me.

"Bobby works just fine, doll." He gestured for me to get in first as his other man held the door open. Feeling the cold air on my face I stepped gingerly into the back and moved across so that Bobby could sit in beside me. His man shut the door and got in the front passenger seat and we drove off, Bobby already undressing me with his eyes.

"So, you from around here? I don't recognise you, and most people recognise me."

"Just moved in, across town," I replied. "Somewhere fancy, somewhere clean. But what does it matter? Neither of us is here for small talk; I have a feeling you're after more than that." He grinned and for the first time I felt uncomfortable about the look in his eyes. I still felt certain I could handle him, but his grin was quite unnerving.

We soon arrived at a large apartment complex, one of the fancier ones for this side of town. Bobby smiled his sleazy smile at me as I stepped out into the cold again.

"Penthouse apartment, fully stocked. Shall we?" I stepped past him as the car drove off, his remaining man opening the door for me. The three of us took the elevator to the top floor of the apartment building, stepping out into a lavish space that must have cost a fortune.

"Welcome, to casa del Bobby!" he said with a significant slur. I had to admit it was a nice place, removing my coat and looking around as Bobby wandered over to an expensive looking drink cabinet. "Now...something stronger? Or just more expensive...Brandy, perhaps?"

"Brandy...isn't it a little fancy for you?" I said, accepting an empty glass from him. He grabbed a different bottle to fill my glass, glancing down at my figure and smirking at my attempts to remain aggressive, given that I had already chosen to come to his place.

"I like to surround myself with the finer things in life," he said, pouring brandy for himself. "Not a bad way of living, wouldn't you say?"

"I do like nice things," I said to him, taking a sip of the powerful liquid and wandering the room. It was definitely stronger than what was at the bar. I noticed his friend was standing off to the side, pouring himself a small drink from another cupboard. "Just you here?"

He smirked again, and once more I felt a little concerned with my current predicament. "Yes, just me...shall I show you the rest of the place?" I sipped and followed him out to the balcony, braced against the chill of the cold air.

"Quite a view, isn't it?" Bobby said, looking out over the city. I stepped up beside him and felt his hand casually slide up my back, resting on my bare shoulder. "The best view in all the city; I like having the best." He stepped slightly closer, his hand drifting down my back. "I think you know that now, don't you?" I felt myself stiffen, and not just from the cold.

Bobby must have been barely containing his patience on the way here because he grabbed me quite fiercely, spinning me around and kissing me hard on the lips, pressing his body to mine. I could smell the alcohol on his breath as he forced himself upon me, pushing me back against the railing of the balcony, his hands grabbing my ass and clawing at my back. I pushed him backwards and he grabbed me tight, turning me around and bending me over the railing. My head spun as I stared down at the city streets below, Bobby's hands holding me tight. I looked over my shoulder as he licked my neck hungrily, glaring at him.

"You don't just like having the fanciest, the most expensive...you like having whatever you want. Like those poor girls in the bar..." He heard the fire in my voice; it made him even more excited. I could feel his desire overcoming his anger, just as I knew it would...he wanted my body more than he wanted to teach me a violent lesson. Hitting me now would change the game a lot more than admitting his need for me.

"I am a powerful man, if there's anything wrong with what I do it's the world's problem, not mine. You're here because you're attracted to power, to MY power, I can feel it...not that it matters now; you're already here, and I think the time for talking is done." He dragged his tongue over my neck, reaching around to grope my breasts, his hands running up and down my curves.

"Now I am going to take what I want...got that?" he hissed, dragging me back indoors and through to the bedroom. He threw me onto the floor by the bed, pulling off his jacket and unbuckling his belt as he looked down at me. I glared up at him, feeling myself responding to him aggressively. He saw the light in my eyes and walked over to me, grabbing me by the arm and pulling me up onto my knees.

"Come here, pretty lips," he sneered. "You think you're tough, huh? You like playing games with me, huh? Well play with this." Bobby grabbed a fistful of my hair as he unzipped his pants and I knew what was coming. He yanked me closer and stuffed his 7 inch cock between my lips, forcing it down my throat in one go. I hated to admit it but his cock was thick enough to make me gag a little, closing my eyes as he fucked my mouth roughly. I pushed against his thighs and backed him off enough to give him a long, proper suck, digging my nails into his legs as he tried to make me deepthroat him again.

Keeping him from going all the way down my throat, I slipped my red lips up and down his shaft and sucked him hungrily, desperately trying to get him to cum as fast as possible. The alcohol and the effort were making me dizzy; I could only imagine what sort of head spin he must have been going through. He moaned above me and for a moment I thought I might have gotten him close, but he grabbed my head and thrust into my mouth, causing me to choke on his length.

"You like it when I skullfuck you?" he yelled to me as I looked up at him, my eyes watering. The head of his cock worked back and forth in my mouth as he pulled my hair roughly, my saliva dripping down my chin. Suddenly he wrapped his arms around the back of my head and buried his cock in my throat, my lips pressed against the base of his cock as he held himself in me while I coughed and spluttered around him.

I know you're probably expecting me to bite him or something, but honestly the roughness didn't bother me...I've had worse done to me in the past, and besides, as long as he fucked me right I didn't really care if he was a bit aggressive.

When he pulled back and his cock slipped from between my lips I spat on the floor at his feet, gasping for air and wiping tears from my eyes. He smirked down at me and pulled me up, throwing me on the bed.

"Strip," he ordered. I glared at him but reached up under my dress to yank down my panties, throwing them on the floor. He didn't wait for the rest, dropping his pants and moving in to grab my ankle and pull me to the edge of the bed. He lifted my legs up, black high heels in the air as he held me by the knees and I scrunched up my dress, revealing my shaved pussy for him.

"Very nice, doll," he laughed as he pushed my dress up further, gripping me tightly.

"Shut up and fuck me you asshole," I spat back. He positioned himself at my entrance and rubbed the head of his cock over my folds when I looked up at him with alarm, leaning up on my elbows.

"Hey wait what about a cond...umph!!" I cried, my mouth muffled by a sloppy kiss as he shoved his man meat inside me, going in to the hilt in one move. I gasped despite myself at feeling so incredibly full, and somewhere in the back of my mind I marvelled at how such an asshole could be blessed with such a cock. The rest of me however was torn between being fucked without a condom and the feeling of being stuffed.

"Just enjoy the fuck," he said, gripping my hips roughly and leaning up. Bobby pulled his hips back and started to pump me, his cock going in and out of me like a piston. With every thrust he pulled me into him, going deep each time and making me cry out with pain and pleasure. My hands gripped his ass and pulled him into me, my nails digging into his skin as he fucked me hard. If he wanted to call the shots I was still going to enjoy myself, so I threw my head back and moaned, feeling the bed move beneath us.

"Yeah, you like it rough don't you?" he growled, slamming into me. I ignored him and let myself go, enjoying the sensation of his shaft sliding in and out of me. I think he wanted to show me who was boss because he stopped and violently threw me face down on the bed, yanking up my dress and sliding his cock into me from behind. I got up on my knees and pressed my face to the sheets, feeling him fuck me even deeper at this angle. His hands groped my sides and around to my breasts, pulling them out of the top of my dress and grabbing onto them as he pounded my pussy.

"Ohhh shit, yes...yes!" I buried my face in the bedsheets, gripping the soft material tightly as he had his way with me. Half of me wanted it to be over while the other half was enjoying herself immensely. Bobby pinched my nipples and I shrieked, his hips slapping my ass hard as we fucked. I started to make more noise, not worried about holding back now, as I drew closer to orgasm and hoped he was as well. With one deep thrust I came hard, squirting onto the doona cover and throwing my head back, letting out a long cry of ecstasy.

Through the blurry haze of pleasure I felt Bobby pull out, thinking he must be ready to cum. Instead I heard the bedroom door open and I turned my head to the left to see his friend standing in the doorway, a half empty bottle of alcohol in his hand and a grin on his face.

"You didn't think we were done with you yet, surely?" Bobby hissed. I was panting on the mattress, my dress covering my midsection while my ass and tits were free. I came to my senses quickly as his big friend moved closer to the bed, shutting the door behind him.

"Hey, this isn't the kind of party I go for," I said to him, warning in my voice. "If you think you'll get to take turns with me you have another thing coming."

"Well you took Jake an' me away from a wild party tonight...so you're gonna make up for it."

Bobby grabbed me by the wrist and dragged me off of the bed, making me kneel on the floor again as Jake unzipped his fly, dropping his pants to reveal his cock. It was longer but a little thinner than Bobby's, with a larger head. Jake reached out and took my head in his hand, pulling my lips to his helmet and forcing my mouth open. I felt his length sliding across my tongue and down my throat, Bobby taking my hand and placing it on his shaft. I jerked him off as I tried not to choke on Jake, sucking him hard and fast. His hand held my head near the base of his cock, preventing me from pulling back too far, and I gave a muffled moan as he forced himself down my throat time and time again.

Jake was getting more aggressive and eventually grabbed a bunch of my hair, holding me in his lap as I gagged. My eyes were watering with the effort and as he released me I coughed and spluttered, spit dribbling down my chin. I had barely managed to take a breath when Bobby shoved his thick meat into my mouth, face fucking me hard. Jake reached down and grabbed my tits, fondling them roughly as I pulled away from Bobby and jerked them both off, my eyeliner running down my cheeks from the tears and saliva on my wet lips. I looked up at them both, grinning down at me like predators, working their shafts as hard and as fast as my slender fingers could.

I had to admit that this time there weren't many options for me. They were two of the biggest men I'd ever met, and could easily overpower me, and then things could get very, very ugly. I thought about the young girls who could have ended up in this position and what would have likely happened to them if Bobby and Jake had gotten their hands on them, and thinking this I jerked the boys off faster, sucking each of their heads one after the other.

"You boys going to cum on my tits?" I said, trying to sound hungry, but they had other ideas. Jake picked me up and dumped me on the bed, pushing my dress up further and grabbing me around the waist, his hand on my soft, flat belly as he pushed me onto my hands and knees. I felt him grip my asscheek and position himself behind me as Bobby moved up to the edge of the bed, his cock in my face.

I opened my mouth and Bobby fed his shaft in as Jake rubbed the head of his cock against my entrance. For a brief moment I felt him press against my asshole, moaning around Bobby's cock and stiffening with fear, but then Jake moved it and slid his length into my pussy roughly, his longer shaft going deep inside me with little effort. I stifled another moan as Bobby began fucking my mouth while Jake adjusted himself on the bed, gripping my hips tightly in his callused hands.

"How's it feel, to be taken like a bitch?" Bobby laughed, gripping the back of my neck and thrusting into my mouth. I looked up at him and mumbled, Jake laughing behind me as he started to fuck me. Each time he pulled me back against his crotch my mouth slid away from Bobby, so I closed my eyes and rocked back and forth with the motion, a warm feeling spreading quickly through me.
