 We arrive in Nice after a long but relaxed flight from JFK on a typical warm, sunny Riviera day. I had notified my friend, Jean-Pierre that we were coming and he had insisted on having his car meet us at the airport since he would be in Paris on business for another day or so. As we walked towards the baggage claim area, I noticed his huge driver, Pierre, standing head and shoulders above everyone else, looking slightly silly holding a small bouquet of flowers. He spotted me as we got closer and stepped forward offering the bouquet to you as a welcome to France. 

After our baggage was retrieved and loaded into the trunk of the car, I asked Pierre to take the scenic route into the city as I wanted you to see something of Nice on the way to the hotel. He took the Promenade des Anglais and drove slowly so that both of us could take in the extraordinary scenery which is so typically Mediterranean. The beach in Nice directly across the street from our hotel is horrible. It is composed of small, smooth stones and slightly larger rocks with hardly any sand at all. The hotels provide air mattresses so at least you can be comfortable lying in the sun. The Med is calm and a beautiful azure blue. 

We are heading for the Hotel Negresco right across the street from the "beach". The Negresco is one of the old line hotels in Nice that still looks like it did back in the 1800's and is still one of the finest in the world. The concierge welcomes us as we enter the lobby and has a bellhop show us to our suite on the top floor overlooking the Mediterranean.

As soon as he leaves, we rush into each other's arms and soul kiss as our hands explore our bodies while our tongues are doing a sexy dance together. We had to maintain our decorum all through the long flight and having you so close to me and yet, so far, got me hotter by the minute. I had considered making you a member of the mile high club, if you're not already, but common sense prevailed and I decided to wait until we arrived. However, my shorts were soaked in pre-cum mainly from all the things we told each other we were going to do to each other as soon as we got to our hotel. 

During our kiss, we start to strip off our clothes and I lead you to the huge four poster bed in the bedroom where I ask you to lie down so that I can admire your body before we begin making love. As I gaze at your full breasts, your sexy nipples become erect and the sight makes my cock stir and begin to harden. Your hungry eyes are fastened on it and I can see the anticipation reflected in them as I move my eyes further down to the swell of your heavenly mound, which is covered with your closely cropped pussy hair and draws my eyes to the sweet lips guarding the entrance to your divine opening. You spread your thighs wide so that I can see all of you and the sight of your magnificent cunt and asshole framed by your gorgeous, sexy thighs and ass cheeks, rivals anything Van Gogh could have produced! 

I can't resist any longer and settle myself comfortably between your thighs, put my hands firmly around your waist and begin planting warm, wet, gentle kisses all over your cunt from your clit down to your asshole. You begin that heavenly moaning that turns me on so much and I run my tongue up and down your slit preparing you for a super sucking. Your cunt taste and scent are driving me wild and I slide the tip of my tongue into your wet hole so that I can taste more of your juices which are beginning to flow down your passage. 

I feed more of my tongue into you and lick your insides as I go deeper while rubbing your erect clit with my nose as I tongue fuck you. You raise your hips up and hold my head in your hands as you fuck my mouth and offer me all of your cunt. After a while of tongue fucking, I run my tongue up your slit to your sweet clitoris which I take between my lips and suck in and out while teasing it by running the tip of my tongue lightly back and forth over it. You begin to gasp and cry out that you're about to cum as you hold my head tightly to your pussy and begin a series of wild spasms which deposit a copious amount of your delicious juices onto my tongue and I thrust deep in your hole as you go into orgasm! 

We stay with my mouth fastened to your cunt for some time after your orgasm abates and then I rise slowly to my knees and show you the erection protruding from my body! You push me down on my back and cover my cock with your lips and tongue hungrily sucking my shaft and stopping periodically to squeeze up pre-cum which you deftly lick up on the tip of your tongue and bring to my mouth in a sexy soul kiss. Then you take my throbbing organ deep down your throat and begin to suck it from the base up to the tip as you run your tongue all around the shaft. After being so excited from sucking you, I know that I can't hold out much longer and feel my balls tighten as my semen begins working its way out!

I hold your head in my hands and lift my hips off the bed so that you can suck me as deeply as possible as my first spasm hits and I pump the first load of jism down your waiting throat. More spasms follow and I keep splashing cum against the back of your throat as I empty my balls into you and you greedily swallow every drop. You keep my shaft in your mouth long after my orgasm ends and gently suck it as it softens. Then we hold each other close and relax as we gain back our strength for the endless hours of sex to come.

Since it's only mid-afternoon, and we have some time before dinner, we hop into the shower together and then call room service and order a light snack along with a bottle of champagne. After munching on some light sandwiches and sipping champagne, we walk over to the windows and gaze at the beautiful Mediterranean vista which covers the horizon. We're still nude and I'm standing behind you with my soft cock pressed between the cheeks of your ass and my arms around you holding your full breasts in my hands and lightly pinching your nipples as we watch the topless sunbathers on the beach sitting on their air mattresses and beach chairs soaking up the hot sun. My organ begins to stir again and you reach back and take it in your hand as it grows larger from the stimulation of your fingers and the heady scent of your womanhood reaching my nostrils. 

I turn you around, put my hands around your waist and look at you and drink in the sight of your beauty as well as absorb the vibes that I feel between us. I love your body...every curve is exciting to my eyes. Your full breasts with your erect nipples just begging to be sucked...the curve of your thigh and the roundness of your ass...the smooth swell of your mound before it dips between your thighs...all this is waking Junior up after his catnap and your eyes fasten themselves upon him as he awakens.

I can't resist the animal magnetism that you exude and I lean forward and run my tongue over your nipple feeling it grow even larger as I lick it. Someday, I'm going to make you cum just by sucking your breasts and nipples, but for now, I have other plans. I help you settle yourself in a comfortable position on the bed and rub my shaft along the inside of your thighs until the tip is resting against your heavenly hole. I hold my organ and move it up and down your slit which is getting quite wet already and that, along with my pre-cum, has your cunt beautifully lubricated and ready for fucking. 

I fit the head of my shaft to your opening and begin feeding you cock slowly, inch by inch, pulling it out slightly to make sure it's good and wet and then feeding it back in again just a little more than before. I love the sounds you're making as it fills your cunt and your eyes are as wide as saucers as you feel my manhood filling your insides. Now I feed in the last inch and our pelvis' grind together in the most beautiful dance known to mankind! I love the feeling of being so deep inside you and, with just the slightest movement of our hips, feeling sensations that are indescribable! I feel your cunt muscles tighten and relax around my thick shaft as if you're milking me with your pussy and I lose myself in the sensations you are giving me. 

Then I slowly withdraw my member from the tight grasp of your cuntflesh until just the head is still inside you and then I go back down in one steady plunge and begin deep fucking you! I love the feel of your pussy around my tool as I fuck you in long, deep strokes and want you to feel all the wonderful sensations that I'm feeling. I want you to know that you have a cock inside you...your cock...that exists only to pleasure YOU! Now I feel my balls tighten and know that my orgasm is on the way. I look into your eyes and see a reflection of my own pleasure as I begin to pump cum into your hungry cunt. As soon as the first splash of semen pours inside you, your orgasm hits and you lock your legs around my hips and hold me tight as your juices cover my shaft!

We remain locked together until every drop of cum has been purged from my cock which is still twitching in ecstasy inside you and when I finally withdraw my softening penis from your sweet pussy, the last drop of cum lands on your tummy.......... 

We rest and talk and sip champagne until it's time to dress for dinner and I tell you about the fabulous restaurant we're going to later. It's way up on the mountain high above Nice in a tiny village named St. Paul de Vence. I've already made arrangements for a car and driver to be downstairs at 9 pm and it should take us about 45 minutes to get there because it's a tight, twisting two lane road up the mountain. 

The restaurant is called, "La Colombe d'Or" and it's a combination inn and restaurant with a most unusual history in addition to serving the most heavenly food you've ever tasted. During the Impressionist era in France, many artists in the world all came to the Riviera to paint and the way they paid their restaurant or room bills was in paintings, as they were quite unknown at the time and their paintings weren't worth much. Well this Inn has paintings by Renoir, Van Gogh, Cezanne, Degas, etc., etc., etc. which were given to them in payment of food bills and are now worth many millions. 

The paintings are hanging in the hallways, of the inn and restaurant which is unbelievable considering their value. It's also only half a kilometer from the inn to Marc Chagall's chateau where I once spent an afternoon but that's another story. Suffice it to say you will love the ambience, the food and the paintings and when we've had our fill of all, we will head back to the hotel and get serious about making love until we fall asleep in happy exhaustion. --------------------------------------------------------------------

The drive up the mountain, from the hotel, is steep and winding and the driver can't go too fast which gives us the opportunity to view the passing countryside. Most of the houses are simple structures, probably built in the 17th and 18th Centuries, but here and there we come upon a large chateau with an excellent view of the Med from his patio or gardens. We pass many vineyards and the scent of grapes is everywhere . As we come closer to the restaurant, high up the mountain, we pass the road that leads to the famous Fondation Maeght Museum which houses a fabulous Miro collection . Soon after, we come to the road which leads to Marc Chagall's chateau only a few miles away.

Finally, we arrive at the restaurant which is in the courtyard of the Inn which surrounds it. We spend a leisurely few hours over a magnificent dinner, drinks and occasional walks into the Inn, between courses, to enjoy the paintings. The food is typical Provence. It's absolutely delicious, perfectly prepared and light. After coffee and desert we stroll around the inn again, look at a few more paintings and then take leave of this wonderful place and get back in our car for the ride back to Nice.

When we walk into our suite, the moonlight is reflecting off the sea and the room is so well lit that I don't bother turning on the lights and we walk over to the window and just enjoy the beautiful scene. I stand right behind you, spoon fashion, with my arms around you as I cup your breasts in my hands and rub my fingers gently over your nipples which are easy to locate even through your bra since they are so rigid! You reach back and cup my balls in your hand and squeeze my member through my pants and my organ responds to you immediately by filling with blood and threatening to destroy the material by bursting through! 

As if on signal, we both strip off our clothes and resume our position at the window while exciting each other with hand manipulations all over our bodies. You feel my thick shaft between your ass cheeks and move your hand back so that you can take the magnificent organ in your hand and feel its throbbing thickness and I turn you around and we walk towards the bed with you still holding onto my shaft. 

When we reach the bed, I help you to the center where you recline on your back and I lean over you looking intently at your magnificent body and thanking the powers that be for bringing us together. I look at your luscious lips and can't resist leaning forward and sucking them into my mouth and then plunging my tongue deep down your throat. Our tongues meet and dance together for awhile until I draw your tongue into my mouth and begin sucking it as if it were a cock! 

Reluctantly, I pull away slowly and lick your sweet flesh down past your breasts and stomach to your thighs where, as I lick and kiss them, they part to reveal the most beautiful flower in the world which you are holding open with your fingers. I swing around so that I'm on my knees between your open thighs and I continue licking the insides of your thighs, lightly brushing your cunt lips with mine. Then I lift both your legs up and back and ask you to hold them back as far as you comfortably can so that I have total access to both of your delicious holes. I lightly kiss your pussy for a few moments and then move lower and lick the sweet puckered asshole which looks so inviting. 

I wet it with my tongue and probe the tight hole with the tip until I work it inside and hear your sexy moans start as soon as you feel it enter you. I tease you by slowly tongue fucking you with just the tip and when you begin to move your hips around begging for more, I feed more tongue into you and begin a long, slow, deep fuck which has you gasping for more! All at once, I pull my face from your ass, put KY on my cock and your asshole, and fit the tip of my pulsating member to the tiny opening and feed in about an inch of the head. 

I slowly and gently fuck you with the first inch of cock until your asshole is fully lubed and ready and then begin feeding you more cock as I watch it disappear inside you, which is a beautiful sight to behold! When I've got all of it in and I feel your body tightly locked to mine, I take your erect clitoris between my fingers and milk it as I watch you squirm in passion, your head moving from side to side and all kinds of wonderful sounds and words coming out of your mouth! 

When I see you approaching orgasm, I start to fuck you deep and hard, pulling my shaft out to the very tip before plunging back down again until our bodies slap together! Your scream of passion bounces off the walls of the room as you cum and cum and cum..in a seemingly never ending orgasm as your clitoris seems to twitch between my fingers.

I hold you tight against me and you grip my body with your legs and emit sexy moans as your orgasm abates. I feel your ass muscles twitching around my shaft as you continue to spasm and, every once in a while, my cock jerks and a little more cum oozes out into your hot hole. We fall asleep with my member still buried deep inside you and awake once or twice during the night to fuck a little and then sleep again........

We let the cool water of the shower refresh us as we sat there exhausted after our morning fuck and when we regained our energy, finished up in the shower and went inside and got dressed as I wanted to take you to breakfast on the Garden Terrace of the hotel. While we're sipping our coffee, I tell you about the plans that I made for us for this evening. A good friend, Brigitte is an art dealer in Paris and Nice and she and I have had sex in the past quite a few times both in France and NY. 

She is a very attractive, tall brunette with long hair, fabulous breasts and a really sexy body. She lives part of the year in Nice and the rest in Paris and has a steady boyfriend who lives in Nice also. Jean-Claude is an antiques dealer and has a gorgeous home on the mountain overlooking the city. The last time I was in Nice the three of us got together at his place and had an absolute ball since he turned out to be bi also. I told Brigitte about you and we made plans to get together for dinner and fun at Jean-Claude's. 

After breakfast, we decide to take a walk on the Promenade des Anglais across the street from the hotel, so that we are overlooking the "beach" which has hardly any sand at all but is composed of smooth stones, some fairly large. This stone beach is about a mile long and the hotel provides air mattresses for the sunbathers so they can lie comfortably in the sun. Since all the women sunbathe topless, we see a wide variety of breasts on display from the firm, uplifted teenagers to the large, flabby mountains of flesh belonging to the older, more well fed women. 

As we walk, I mention that I will never put you in an uncomfortable position regarding tonight so, if it turns out that you are not turned on by Jean-Claude and Brigitte, we will do nothing more than have dinner and drinks with them. Otherwise, the four of us are going to screw all night! When we finish dinner, I will ask you if you would like a hit of grass and, if you'd like to have sex with them, you answer in the affirmative. If not, decline the offer and you can relax.

I decide to rent a small car and take you to the Isle of Levant which is about 30 miles down the coast and is famous for totally nude sunbathing as a warm-up for this evening's festivities which I know you will join since both Jean-Claude and Brigitte are quite attractive, friendly and personable. Besides, Jean-Claude is about 45, 6'3", well built, good looking has wavy steel grey hair and a beautiful 8 ½" cut cock which I want you to experience in every hole you own. The drive to Levant is beautiful. It's a bright, sunny day, not too hot, with a gentle breeze coming in from the sea and the scenery is superb.

The Avenue has palm trees on both sides all the way with white stucco hotels and stores on the right side and the Mediterranean on the left. When we arrive at Levant, we park and take a walk down the beach where practically everyone is totally naked. Most of the showgirls at the hotels and nightclubs along this part of the Riviera come to the Isle to keep their all-over tans, so the scenery can be quite beautiful! In addition, they usually have a group of young muscle boys hanging around who are all trying to fuck them and wait on them hand and foot in order to make points. They are usually very well built and, as you can see, some are quite well hung. 

I see your eyes dancing from one super penis to another and I discretely tell you when I see one that looks like Jean-Claude's so you have an idea of what to expect tonight. Then I take you over to the park stand where I rent a locker so that we can check our clothes and walk around in the nude. The idea seems to take you by surprise but you recover quickly and join me in undressing.

Walking totally nude, with my arm around you, onto the wide expanse of beach seems perfectly natural and just as God intended. My only problem is my fear of getting hard as we caress each other from time to time while we walk. A particularly beautiful, olive skinned showgirl with a magnificent body is watching us approach with a slight smile on her face and I nod and smile to her as we walk past. She calls to us and asks if we would like to party with her sometime as she is turned on by our looks and I tell her that it's possible and how can we contact her. She tells us that she works at the Provence Club in Nice and just ask for Odile. We wave our goodbye and continue our walk picking out interesting cocks and cunts as we stroll. After a couple of hours, we head back for the hotel to shower, rest and get dressed for dinner.
