 I hope everyone enjoys the second tale. As always comment/feedback is welcome. MKvDeepSea





It was the sound of a soft, rhythmic whimper that woke me. I blinked sleep out of my eyes trying to make sense of where I was. Eventually, I remembered, I was at a beach house party my wife and I had attended. It had turned into an orgy.

I was lying on my back. Billie, my wife, was on her left side with her head resting on my right shoulder. Her sleep warm, nude body was pressed against me with her right leg thrown over my right hip. The funky odor of stale sex lingered in the air.

The source of the rhythmic whimper was a lithe blonde on her hands and knees. Her partner was behind her holding her by her hips and thrusting to a steady beat. Her breasts had a mesmerizing metronomic beat as they swayed in rhythm to his repeated thrusts. 

Wetting a finger I reached over and traced a circle around the nipple of her left breast. She looked down at my hand and then looked at me with beautiful ice blue eyes, a sexy wink, the pink tip of a wet tongue and a warm inviting smile.

Billie stirred and stretched. She gave me a sleepy smile and said good morning to the blonde. Never breaking her rhythm this blue-eyed minx returned our morning greeting. I smiled and a shrugged my shoulders and told her, "Maybe next time."

We got up and I followed Billie into the bathroom. We showered and then wandered around the house, stepping over nude bodies, some still tangled in post sex slumber, looking for our clothes. We dressed, wished those awake a goodbye and left.

As we drove back to our apartment we talked about what a great time we'd had. I asked Billie if she had been good, naughty, bad or wicked. These were code words we used to playfully describe her various sexual activities.

If she had been good she had done nothing but possibly made out with someone. In all likelihood she would have been naked when she made out with them, but, hey, that's Billie. If she'd been naughty then there was some heavy petting involved and, perhaps, some oral sex. If she's been bad then she'd fucked someone.

Now if she told me she'd been wicked it meant she'd fucked more than one guy within a short period of time. It was unusual that Billie was good. She was sometimes naughty, usually bad, but she was just as often wicked. 

Her response to my question surprised me this time. She smiled and said, "Well, I was naughty a couple of times, but I was only bad once."

"What? Not wicked?"

"Nope."

"Well... who did you fuck?"

"Just you."

"Just me? Why?"

"I was getting off watching you get off with the other girls. You made quite an impression with them; impressed me, too. Pissed off a couple of guys though."

"Well hell. Who did you get naughty with?"

"Thomas and some other guy."

Thomas was one of the first to fuck Billie after we had opened our marriage. I was to find out later he was also one of the ones to have fucked her prior to our opening our marriage. He was also to become one of her fuck buddies until she graduated.

"You didn't want to fuck them?"

"No. I was more interested in watching you. I sucked their cocks some, but finished them by jerking them off."

When we got home I had to start getting ready to return to my military base. I hate this part of the weekends. The sad look in Billie's eyes would always be heart rendering.

As I prepared to leave I held her close and asked, "Are you going to be a good girl this next couple of weeks?"

"I doubt it."

"Are you planning on getting laid?"

She laughed and responded, "Oh... not really... but... Thomas or Steve will probably be over."

"I know Thomas... who's Steve?"

"The runner, he's in one of my art classes. I told you about him."

"Oh yeah. He was your third... lover wasn't he? You will tell me about it... right?"

"Yes, he was the third guy that I had sex with after we opened our marriage... and yes, I'll tell you if anything happens with either of them... both of them... or... anyone else."

"Will you tell me about the other beach house party that you alluded to last night?"

Billie giggled and asked, "Which one?"

"The one you and Leigh were talking about. The one before we opened our marriage. It sounded like you were very wicked."

Again a giggle, "And, I asked, which one?"

"Huh... there was more than one?"

"I'm just messing with you. Yes, I'll tell you about it. Honey, I've told you about most of them."

"Most of them?"

She laughed, "A girl has to have some secrets."

I was laughing by then. I hugged her tight, kissed her goodbye and left for the base. In the rearview mirror, I watched her standing there, alone, watching me as I drove off. Damn! I hated this! She had just one more year of school. 

    ***

It was two weeks before I was able to make it back home. I arrived in the late afternoon; Billie was ecstatic. She met me at the door wearing just a little sundress. She leaped into my arms wrapping her legs around my waist. Oh, she smelled so good: soap, shampoo and her own special fragrance, her tight body wiggling in my arms.

With my hands cupping her bare bottom I carried her to the bedroom. She squirmed out of my arms and pushed me down onto the bed. She straddled me and knee walked up my body until her freshly trimmed and shaven twat was in my face.

Her fragrance was intoxicating. I nuzzled her moist little cleft and kissed her love bud. She spun around and unfastened my trousers to gain access to my hard on. The two of us happily applied tongues and lips to the other's appropriate parts. 

Oral sex isn't Billie's favorite thing. She prefers a hard cock in her pussy to a slimy tongue any day, but she doesn't mind it as part of foreplay. Once she was satisfied that everything was slick enough she finished stripping me of my clothes and climbed on board.

Billie was hot, wet and tight. She is strong and knows how to use her muscles. As I thrust up into her she would relax to take it deep, as I pull back she would clamp down... hard. There is nothing in this world like sex with a physically fit, strong woman. 

Her face was snuggled into my neck, her arms wrapped around my head, her butt wiggling; her legs locked around mine... no wonder I came so soon. This set her off. 

As we lay there in each other's arms, murmuring soft noises, I thought, "Man oh man, how I do love this woman!"

After we got our breath back I asked her, "Well, have you been a good, naughty, bad or wicked girl this past two weeks?"

The little minx wiggled her tight little ass, contracted her pussy muscles around my cock, giggled and said, "Yes."

"Just... yes?"

Slowly undulating, her face buried between my neck and my shoulder she said, "I'll put it like this, yes I've been a good girl, I was also naughty, I've been very bad and probably, what may be considered extremely wicked."

Laughing at my expression she pressed on, "But do you want to hear about that or about the beach house party?" 

Her body was speaking louder than her words, so I flipped her onto her back and started really plowing her. She locked her legs around mine and put as much into it as I was. 

Panting in my ear she asked, "Beach house... or how truly wicked I was this past two weeks?"

"B...b...both?"

"Not... right... n... now, one... or the... oh jeezus... one or... the... other!"

We peaked together. After we caught our breath we separated. I pulled her into spoon position and snuggled up to her rump. I buried my face in the nape of her neck. Her special just fucked aroma was like an aphrodisiac to me. I was getting hard again.

As I held her and caressed her, I implored her, "Please, tell me about the beach house party and maybe later you can tell me about your wicked two weeks."

Her little body was still squirming as she replied, "I wasn't wicked the full two weeks. I was actually a good girl for most of it. Besides, I'm... a little embarrassed about the beach house party."

Snuggling to her I asked, "What's there to be embarrassed about? We've had an open marriage for what, about two months now? And... I've watched you with other guys. So tell me about the beach house"

"I'm embarrassed because the beach house was before we opened our marriage. I know I should've told you and I know you would have understood. But... all right... where do you want me to start?"

"At the beginning. From what Leigh was saying it sounded like you'd had a threesome or possibly a gangbang, did you?" 

"You remembered that?" 

"Well, of course. You said there were some tales about your little tail that happened before we opened our marriage and you were going to tell me about them. I'd like you to tell me about the beach house."

"Oh shit... It wasn't exactly a threesome... it was more like... a..."

"Gangbang?" 

Billie blushed and said, "NO! I'd lost a bet with Jenny."

Ahh, yes, that figures... As I'd found out, Jenny had led Billie astray before. She had discovered Billie's propensity for getting naked and dancing. She also discovered Billie's love for sex.

She had introduced Billie to the grad student that had been one of Billie's sexcapades and apparently, there were more. It seems that Jenny had easily led Billie into other scenarios with similar out...cums.

I sat up and looked at Billie and loved what I was seeing. I looked into her eyes. There was a mischievous glint in them. She was still blushing. Billie dampened her lips with the tip of her tongue. Her nipples were hard. I stroked them.

"What was the bet?" I managed to croak.

"If I won, we got to use her beach house on any long weekend of our choice. That would have been for a Friday, Saturday, Sunday and a Monday."

"If you lost?"

Billie giggled, squirming in my arms, she told me, "I would have to go to one of her beach house parties, help her set up, host it and... I was to be nude the whole time."

I laughed. "That's nothing new; you're always getting naked at parties, whether I'm there or not. So, who'd you fuck and how did it turn into a threesome... or ... was it really a gangbang?"

She was enjoying telling the story now, and she was finding it exciting to re-live it. We moved so we were lying on our sides facing one another.

Billie exclaimed, "It wasn't exactly 'a' threesome and, as I've said, it wasn't a gangbang! Well... okay... it was a threesome... but not like you think!"

"Please, do tell."

So Billie fleshed out the details. As she had told me she had lost the bet. The party was the weekend prior to her sexual escapade with the grad student.

She had arrived at the beach house early to help set up and had immediately stripped naked as the bet required. 

Billie told me, "I really didn't mind losing. It was exciting to think about being naked at the party with all those people. I was looking forward to it!"

"What time did you get there?"

"About 3:00 in the afternoon."

"You got naked immediately?"

"Well... yeah... that was part of the bet."

"Oh... just part of the bet? Okay, who all was there?"

"Jenny, her boyfriend and me."

"Were they naked?"

"No."

"Go on..."

"We set up and then I got to lie in the sun for about an hour. Then I took a shower to get ready for the party."

"Oh... sun tanning nude, then a shower; did you put on your moisturizer?"

"Well... yeah."

"Did you trim up your little puss?"

"Yeah... I shaved it too."

"It made you horny, didn't it?"

Billie grinned, "Oh yes! Very!"

I stroked her breast, "You knew you were going to get fucked didn't you? Or, at the very least you were hoping on getting fucked, weren't you?"

She smiled as she remembered the party and answered in a soft voice, "It's possible... well... yeah... I knew it was going to happen." Then, "It was the other part of the bet."

"What was 'the other part of the bet.'?"

"That I'd have sex with one of the guys at the party."

I hugged her and whispered into her ear, "Tell me about it."

"Well, there were more guys than girls, as usual, and I was the only one naked. I danced a lot. All the guys wanted to dance with me, especially to the slow songs."

She was getting turned on as she recalled the party, she said, "I really liked the slow dances. It was, nice... nice to be held... and... and touched." 

Laughing and interrupting again I replied, "Oh? In other words, you were felt up a number of times. I wonder why?"

Smiling, Billie continued, "Most of the guys seemed more interested in just dancing with a naked chic than anything else; but a few were brave enough to caress me... to touch me. Oh... it felt so very good."

Teasingly, I caressed her breasts and tweaked her nipples. I then ran a finger up and down her wet little cleft, "Like this?" I asked.

She shivered, "Oh yesss! It felt so good! Later, I went out onto the deck to cool off and get some fresh air. I was leaning on the deck railing and talking to one of the guys that I had danced with."

Once again, I interrupted her and whispered in her ear, "Were you thinking of fucking him?"

"Maybe not him, but he was definitely a candidate. He was cute... and nice"

"If Jenny was watching, she was probably hoping you'd fuck him."

"She was. She told me later that she wanted me to not only fuck someone but also do a gangbang so it would hopefully turn into an orgy."

Holding her tight and nuzzling her neck, whispering, "What happened next?" 

Wiggling in my arms she said, "Somebody had raked the sand below the deck earlier and had not put the rake back where it belonged. It had been placed on the deck with the tongs up. One of the other partygoers stepped on the tongs and sent the handle flying up. 

"The guy I was talking to happened to be standing over the handle; his nuts got walloped pretty hard. It was a solid hit. The poor guy doubled over and went down.

"I helped him to a lounger and asked someone to get some ice. I unfastened the guy's pants and pulled them down. Someone handed me a plastic bag of ice wrapped in a washcloth. 

"I lifted up his cock and placed the bag of ice on his nuts."

Apparently it didn't go unnoticed the tanned, little hard bodied, nude babe was giving a half naked man first aid to a set of injured nuts. 

Billie asked the guy "Is there anything else that I can do to make it feel better?"

The guy was slightly hurt, not dead. Billie had not realized she was still holding his cock in her hand and had started to gently stroke it. 

Our injured hero smiled through his pain and told Billie, "It would make it feel better, if you kissed it."

Billie heard the other partygoers chanting, "Kiss it, kiss it, kiss it!" 

As the chant got louder Billie became aware of how ludicrous it must look. She was naked, on her knees, stroking a guy's cock and asking how she could make it feel better!

"I got the giggles. Then I smiled up at the guy and I leaned down and I kissed his injured nuts. He had a very nice scent." 

I thought, "Huh oh, she liked his scent!" Billie loves the musky scent of a man's cock and balls. It thrills her to nuzzle a guy's pubic hair and rub his cock on her face while fondling his nuts. My "huh oh" was right on the money.

"His cock grew in my hand and a little drop of pre-come appeared, I couldn't resist, I took the head into my mouth and started softly sucking on it. Then I started working it with both hands"

She was giggling as she told me, "I wanted to work the stiffness out. I played with his balls with one hand and started stroking him with the other. I kept nibbling at the head. His juice tasted pretty good. I really like the way he smelled. Once in a while I'd suck him in deep.

"Someone came up behind me and gently stroked my butt. It felt so good I wiggled to let them know I wasn't objecting to what they were doing. Whoever it was knelt down and used their knees to spread mine further open. I was already pretty exposed.

"Then he reached around my hips and started tickling me on my pubes. He went up my belly to my breasts and tugged on my nipples. He came around and down my sides to my thighs. When he reached my knees he traced his fingers behind my knees and up the insides of my thighs.

"Damn it felt good! I stopped sucking the other guy and buried my face in his pubes. Oh, it felt good to be touched like that! When he got to my bottom he tickled me up and down my butt crack; then he circled around my hips and dropped his hand to my pussy.

"That's when he cupped me! The bastard then started using one finger to tickle it through my slit and softly caress my tickie spot! I thought I'd faint it felt so good! Then he slipped a finger into me! I knew right then and there that I was going to let him fuck me.

"The guy I'd been sucking moaned and nudged me to get me back to his cock. I started back working on him."

Breathlessly I asked her, "Was the other guy fucking you yet?"

"No, the son-of-a-bitch kept teasing me! He was exploring my puss thoroughly. He'd use one finger and then two. Once in a while he'd nudge my clitty. He was good.

"I had my legs spread as far open as I could get them and my butt was hiked up in the air, but he kept teasing me. I was humping his hand and he still kept teasing me!"

"What about the other guy?"

She looked a little confused, "What other guy?"

"The guy you were sucking."

"Oh... him... huh... yeah, I was still working on him. I was pretty distracted though. Finally the guy behind me started rubbing what felt like a thick, meaty cockhead up and down my pussy. When he finally started to work it in I stopped working on the other guy, I couldn't breathe!

"My butt was arched up. Damn it felt wicked! I became aware there were several people watching! It was such a turn on! The sun was setting and there was a soft glow over everything! And there I was on a deck, on the beach, bare-assed naked with a bunch of people watching me getting fucked!

"I went back to work on the guy I was blowing. Now I was worshipping his cock, like it was a god. He was holding my head by then and starting to thrust so I knew he was close. I sucked him down as deep as I could and as hard as I could. He came; had a pretty good size load, too."

"And then?"

"He got up. I laid my head down on the cushion to let the guy fucking me, have me in anyway he wanted. Whoever he was, he was fucking me damned good! It felt good to be fucked so deep! I was hoping he would last a long, long time.

"I was lost in the sensation. He'd power in and I'd arch my butt up to get it in as deep as I could. As he pulled out I'd clamp down on him as hard as I could. He'd draw it out so slow!

Kissing her, I asked, "So that's the threesome you were embarrassed about telling me?" 

"I said it wasn't exactly 'a' threesome. After he came, I did two more guys..."

"Oh..." 

"Someone else sat down on the lounger and I was looking at another hard cock. It was a rather nice looking dick. I figured what the hell, in for a penny in for a pound. I went to work on it, nibbling on the head and then sucking it in. 

"The guy fucking me really picked up his pace then and was powering into me so hard I could barely keep the other guy's cock in my mouth. He finished by thrusting into me deep and cumming hard! I didn't think he'd ever stop cumming!

"He collapsed on my back. I clamped down on his cock to keep it in me; it felt wonderful! I heard him mumble, 'god, she has a snapper,' whatever that means. Then someone said, 'get off, I want some of that.'" 

"You don't know what they meant by 'she has a snapper.'" 

"No."

"It means your pussy clamps down or 'snaps' down on their cock as it's pulled back. It's a compliment."

"Oh. I clamp down because it feels so good!"

"What happened then?"

"He pulled out and someone else took his place. I had cum running down my legs, but it didn't stop the next guy. He wasn't as large as the previous guy so he slipped right in, but he was a decent fuck. He fucked me at much slower pace.
