 Here's Chapter 3 from A Titillating Tale. Please enjoy. Comments are welcomed. MKvDeepSea. 

*

I woke early, as was my habit due to my military training. Billie, my delightful wife, was naked and cuddled to me. Her head was resting on my left shoulder; her legs were straddling my left hip, her left leg was between my legs. Cum was globed and smeared across my thigh. Her arms were still wrapped around me. 

Chuckling, I recalled the last hurrah we had the previous night. Tired from our previous exertions she got on top for a final romp. We had fallen asleep with her still astride me. Sometime during the night, while we were asleep, I had slipped out of her tight little sheath. I wasn't lying in a wet spot... I was the wet spot.

Gently rolling her off me I got out of bed. I stood looking down at her for a moment, relishing the sight. Oh, how I loved this woman! She looked so sweet and innocent: sweet, yes, but innocent? Laughing, I started a pot of coffee and went to take a shower.

Having finished my shower, I poured a cup of coffee; I then sat down in the bedroom to watch Billie sleep. Early mornings are my favorite time of day. I love watching the sun come up, I love that first cup of coffee and I especially love watching my wife sleep.

Billie is a physically fit ball of sexual dynamite. She is 5 feet 3 inches tall, weighing one hundred eight pounds, a tight tanned body, brown hair to her waist, big brown eyes and a tight little ass. As far as I'm concerned she is perfectly proportioned at 34-23-33.

A flat stomach, high riding breasts and a lovely pubic mound help make a visual delight. She is muscular without detracting from her femininity and has almost perfect posture. This woman is a sexual goddess, who loves me and enhances my life. 

Rolling this little sex goddess off of me had not wakened her. She was laying on her back with her legs slightly parted. Watching her breasts rise and fall as she slept was starting to get a rise out of me. Her pussy was still glistening from our lovemaking.

I looked up at her face and saw she was watching me watch her. A sleepy smile greeted me. I knelt down next to her and gave her a gentle kiss. I dropped my hand to a very wet and very messy little puss and cupped her.

She emitted a squeak and a squeal, jumped up and ran into the bathroom. "Shit!" she exclaimed, "You almost made me wet the bed!" Goddesses have to pee, too.

Laughing, I asked her, "Are you coming back to bed?"

"Not yet. Ugh... phew! I definitely need to take a shower."

"Why?"

Billie pointed at her crotch, "Heelllooo... R... I... P... E! Hey, will you fix me a cup of hot cocoa while I shower?"

Laughing, I threw caution to the wind and flippantly replied, "Ooo-kay. Oh, by the way, you do smell a smidgen like day old fish and oysters." I left to fix her cocoa as a roll of toilet paper came flying out of the bathroom.

Fixing a tray with Billie's hot cocoa, a cup of coffee, some whole-wheat bagels and sliced fruit, I peeked around the door to the bedroom. I didn't want to get beamed with an errant roll of flying toilet paper.

Shower finished, Billie sat on the bed in the lotus position, her back straight, shoulders back and head held high. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail that fell to her waist. The morning sun cast a golden glow over her creating a stunningly beautiful picture. 

A smile formed on her lips as she saw me. Her chin was up and her eyes twinkled with merriment. My look caressed her, following the graceful curve of her spine down to her breathtaking bottom. Neither of us said anything. I placed the tray next to her.

Sitting on the bed facing her, my back against the headboard, I silently worshipped this wonderful creature. We ate in companionable silence, occasionally looking over our cups at each other. The sexual tension in the air was palpable. 

My gaze flowed from Billie's face downward to her nipples, which were coming to twin points. Her ribs and stomach were pulled in, as the lotus position requires. Her sex was freshly trimmed and groomed, the lips damp and slightly parted. 

As we sat nibbling our breakfast and sipping our drinks my mind mulled over the story Billie had told me. She had attended a beach house party prior to our opening our marriage. She told me she'd had sex with at least four guys the night of the party. There had been several threesomes and a number of one on one encounters.

Recalling these exploits was very arousing. Billie noticed my arousal with a warm smile, she moved in between my legs. Kneeling she reached out and stroked my erection. A drop of pre-cum appeared, she smeared it around the head of my cock with her thumb.

Looking me in the eye she brought her thumb to her mouth and ran her tongue around it before sucking it into her mouth. She then leaned forward bracing herself on her elbows and started working my cock with her hands and mouth.

She had my attention. Billie sat up and took a sip of her hot cocoa. She then leaned forward, swallowed and immediately sucked the head of my cock into her mouth. The warmth from the hot cocoa was astonishing!

My head was back as I relished her oral talent. She was worshipping my phallus. Billie is an expert at giving head. She enjoys it immensely. As a guy builds toward an orgasm she can sense it and can take it to the back of her throat, swallowing without tasting it.

There was a pause in the gentle swirl of her tongue. I looked down to a sensual sight. Billie was still kneeling in between my legs. Her arms were stretched out, one hand around the base of my cock the other cradling my balls. The head was resting in her mouth and she was looking up at me with big brown eyes and a slight smile. 

When she knew she had my attention she let my cock pop out of her mouth and said, "My new favorite treat, cocoa flavored man meat." She went back to work savoring her new treat.

Getting serious, Billie would take me in deep, clamp her hand and lips tight and pull back. Her other hand was busy between her legs. This hand was in rhythm with her mouth. As she sucked me in a finger would disappear into her little puss.

When she drew back with her mouth her finger would slide out. As she swirled her tongue around the head of my cock her finger and hand would twirl around her little love button. Spreading her knees wide and rocking her hips she started using two fingers.

Nipples hard, a blush creeping up her chest and neck, Billie was reaching the point where she wanted to be penetrated, one of her favorite parts of making love. Sitting up straight, she pulled me flat onto the bed.

Straddling my hips, Billie rubbed the head of my cock down her wet slit until the head was aligned with her tight little opening. One hand braced on my chest, the other holding my erection in place, she braced herself.

Letting her weight press down on my cockhead she clenched tightly. Her lower lip between her teeth she removed her hand and relaxed, my cock popped up into her. With a gasp, her head bowed down onto my chest, I slide in.

I held her while she adjusted to the abrupt invasion of her center. There was a slight undulation of her hips as she attempted to work my cock in deeper. A small figure eight, then a pushing back and down as she worked me with her muscles, signaling her pleasure.

The clamping down as she pulled forward until I was almost all the way out and the sudden relaxing and pressing down of her pelvis told me she was close to her orgasm. A slight nodding of her head, a quick inhalation through her nose and her sudden warmth telegraphed what was coming.

Billie bucked and bucked again as her orgasm sent waves through her. Her face buried in my neck, her hands wrapped around my head she rode the waves. She locked her legs around mine and tightened, squeezing every pleasurable iota out of her orgasm. 

I was holding her tight as she softly gasped, "What... what about you? You didn't cum."

Smiling up at her I wrapped my arms around her and rolled, placing her on the bottom, I spoke softly, "I'm not done yet." 

She smiled, wiggled her sweet little ass and pulled her knees up and out, opening herself to take me in as deep as she could. Billie loves to be fucked slow and deep with small little pulses. 

Her pelvis moved in rhythm with my measured thrusts, her legs were locked with mine. I slid my arms under her arms and grasped her hands pulling them above her head. This lengthened her torso and enhanced our bodily contact.

Lifting my head so I could see her face I noticed that once again she had her lower lip between her teeth. Her head was making the little nodding motion signaling she was approaching another climax. I kissed her.

The intimacy of the kiss took her over. Her contractions were all I could bear; I started pumping her full of cum. I released her hands and gently held her head. I kissed her eyes, her nose and then her lips. The kiss deepened.

As our climax ebbed our breathing and then our heartbeats became synchronized. Billie held me inside her as we murmured our love for each other. This was not just fucking but making love.

Our love for each other was total. Both of us fucked other people and shared each other with others, but our love was reserved for each other. Fucking others was basically foreplay for us. We savored each other's tales of infidelity. We enjoyed watching the other being pleasured by other people.

As I started to withdraw from Billie, she grabbed a towel and placed it between her legs. Giggling she said, "It's easier than washing the sheets again."

I used a corner of the towel to dry myself off. I rolled onto my left side watching her. She rolled up on her right side and placed her forehead against mine. Smiling, we quietly continued to caress and plant light kisses on each other.

Eventually, I asked her, "What's on the agenda for the day?"

Billie reached down and started to slowly stroke my semi-erect joint and seductively purred, "I thought you wanted to hear about what and who I did these past two weeks."

"I do. I believe you told me that you'd been a good girl, you had also been naughty, you'd been very bad and probably, what may be considered extremely wicked."

These were our code words for Billie's various sexual activities when I wasn't home. Long distance telephone calls were expensive. The code words allowed her to let me know she had a tale to tell when I was able to come home. 

Kissing her lightly and tracing a finger around her nipples, I whispered, "Tell me."

Billie smiled as she began, "I was actually a good girl for most of the first week."

I arched an eyebrow.

"Well... After you left Sunday, I started my period late that night or early Monday morning."

"Ahh... that explains why you didn't want to fuck anyone at the last party we went to."

"Yeah... I felt so bloated, fat and ugly, my boobs were sore, too."

"So... it ended... what... Thursday?"

"Thursday night."

"You're usually pretty horny afterwards..."

"Oh, fuck... you have no idea how bad it was Friday morning! I went to class and every guy I saw looked good. I was so horny and wet I was wishing I'd worn panties!"

"What did you wear?"

"The blue sundress and sandals. It was probably too short to have been worn to school but I was... well... I was hoping to get laid... and... as you know... I enjoy flashing. The day was warm and it felt so right to be bare like that."

Laughing, I replied, "Honey, that's nothing new, you're an exhibitionist. You're always bare. That's why you enjoy nude modeling so much."

"Oh, talking about that... I ended up modeling Friday afternoon. The scheduled model didn't show up."

"Oh boy! Horny, a short dress, no panties and then modeling... who did you take home? Was it someone new?"

"James."

"I bet he was a happy camper."

"Happy doesn't describe it."

"Did you ask him or did he come-on to you?"

Billie kissed me and replied, "During a break I was walking around looking at the various drawings the other students were doing. Some were really very good. There are a couple of guys in class that are cute... and... I thought about asking one of them to come home with me.

"But... I wasn't really comfortable with that. One of them kept looking at me in a funny way. I think he was at the beach house party and... well... I might have fucked him... but I'm not sure. I told you about it last night."

Caressing her, I said, "Yeah you did. You had turned into a horny, wanton, little tramp."

She laughed, "Asshole... but yeah... I did do a number of guys. Anyway, James was in class and I like him, and... I've been with him before, so I asked him if he'd walk me home. He knew why, my nipples had been hard the whole time I was modeling!"

I laughed and pulled her to me. Her breasts were pressed against my chest; warm and inviting, "Advertising huh? Were you... ahh... wet?"

"You have no idea!"

I stroked her hiney and whispered, "So you took James home..."

"And I fucked his brains out, several times. Oh... I see you're liking this." She stroked me.

Pushing her onto her back, I tickled her from her pubic bone up across her breasts; I kissed her, "Did James do as you've taught him and pay proper attention to your needs?"

"He did quite well. He likes to eat pussy so I let him... feed... I moved him into a sixty-nine so I could suck him off. That way he'd last a while when he fucked me."

I removed the towel from between her legs and cupped her messy little puss. Her hips started squirming as I fingered her, "Was he able to get it up after you sucked him off?"

"Honey, he's twenty years old... he didn't even lose his hard on."

Billie's story was turning both of us on. As she stroked me with a little more urgency, I asked her, "Did he fuck you then?"

She gasped as I slid two fingers into her pussy, "Yes... yes he did. He... he fucked me... he fucked me... several times."

Working my hand slowly, I asked, "Did he do you slow and deep, like this?"

"Yes... oh, yes... I... I made him... I made him go slow..." she was pulling on me harder now, in time with my finger fucking.

Pushing me over, Billie held my hand to her twitching crotch as she turned and took my dick into her mouth. She was prepping me, wanting me hard, wet and slick.

"Did you do this to him, too?"

A muffled reply, "Yes... in between fucks." She sucked me back in.

After she got me to where she wanted she swung her legs over my hips. Holding my erection to her, she pressed down, taking me in deep. She was grinning.

"I did this to him, too."

Placing my hands on her hips I pulled her down hard, forcing myself into her deeper, "Did he do this?"

Moaning and then giggling she said, "No... he isn't experienced enough... yet."

Pulling her down to me I kissed her. She was wiggling from stem to stern. Breaking the kiss I whispered into her ear "Sounds like you've got plans for that boy."

Softly, "I do... he's sweet."

"How long did y'all fuck?"

"He... oh, that feels good... he... don't stop... he left... he left around midnight."

Any further thought of James slipped away as we built toward our release. The bedroom was full of sunlight; Billie had a tousled radiant look as she made love to me. The musky smell of fresh sex filled the air. 

Her orgasm came on quick, her release set me off. We were once again holding onto each other in a tight sweaty embrace. I was in her deep as she contracted her wonderful pussy muscles around my cock.

Both of us burst out laughing. I asked her, "How are we going to get through all your tales if we keep getting horny and having to make love?"

Holding me tight she kissed me and then replied, "Isn't that part of our love for each other? The part where we can share our tales with each other and enjoy them together?"

I continued holding her, my cock still buried in her tight little puss. I prodded her to continue by asking, "Did James scratch your itch?"

Billie's face was nestled into my neck, a soft mumbled, "No" was her answer. She continued, "Saturday morning I was as horny if not hornier than I was on Friday."

"What did you do?"

Sitting up, she looked down into my face, she smiled slightly and said, "Steve and I had made plans to go to the school's gym and work out with the weights. Then we were going for a run."

"Didn't make it, did you?"

"No."

I smiled up at her. She felt me twitch my cock.

"You horny old goat! You get so turned on hearing about my fucking around! Don't you ever get any strange pussy?"

"Yeah, last weekend."

Billie placed both hands on my shoulders; she leaned down and in a low growl said, "Tell me."

Using my most beguiling smile I looked her in the eyes and replied, "After you finish telling me about the last two weeks."

"Bastard."

I placed my hands up under her armpits and lifted her. This pushes her shoulders up lifting her breasts. It makes her look so very innocent. Using my arms I started bouncing her up and down on my cock. She giggled.

"Sooo... you and Steve went to the gym..."

"Asshole... you already know we didn't make it to the gym."

"So y'all fucked... where? On the lawn, in his car, the bushes..." 

Giggling, Billie snorted, "Here! You ass. I met him at the front door bare assed naked! I was up and showered. I had even trimmed and shaved my puss. I was ready for him as soon as he knocked at the door!"

I bounced my cock up into her hard. She yelped. I moved my hands from her armpits and pulled her body down on me. I then placed my hands on her fantastic ass, holding her to me tightly.

I asked, "Did you jump into his arms and wrap your legs around him?"

Billie wrapped her arms around my head and with moist lips pressed to my ear said, "No... oh, fuck...I went to my knees and... fuck... p... pulled his shorts down... I... I then... oh... shit... started s... sucking his cock."

"In the living room?"

A naughty giggle and a whisper, "No... f... front porch... damn that feels g... good..."

"On... the... front... porch?"

Her hips now in full play as she fucked me, she replied, "Yep... bare assed n... naked... I sucked... his cock ... on... on the front... p... porch... "

This was hot! My cock surged up inside her, "Did anyone see y'all?"

"P... probably."

"Did you fuck him on the front porch?"

Another moist giggle in my ear; Billie's hips undulating harder against mine, "N... no... Steve... shit d... don't stop... S... Steve got embarrassed.... t... took me inside..."

"And then?"

"H... he f... fucked m... me... in... the living room."

"Then?"

We were both squirming and breathless, "He... he... picked me... he picked me up and bent me over... over the sofa... and... and... fucked me... fucked me from be... behind."

Both of us were slick with sweat and fuck juices; our abdomens were making obscene sucking noises as we worked our bodies together. I asked, "W... was th... that all?" 

"N... no. He... took me... into the... into the bedroom... and... f... fucked me... t... two... two more times."

I came. Billie was not far behind me. We held each other once again as we came down from our climaxes. Sweaty, smelling like funky sex we giggled like school children. Damn this was good! I loved this woman!

Separating, I pulled her up and with my spunk oozing out and running down her legs we went and took a shower. We held each other close as we soaped one another up. Tenderly we kissed each other. I held her, feeling her warm body against mine. Nothing was said.

We dried each other and returned to the bed. I sat with my back against the headboard and Billie sat, Indian style, between my legs. She was beautiful. Her freshly washed scent tickled my nose. Oh, she smelled so good. 

Her eyes twinkled as she smiled and said, "That's not all. I fucked two more guys that afternoon."
