 This is a story about a women I know, Nicole.  I know Nicole, because my wife baby-sits her kids while she is at work.   Nicole is a very beautiful women. She is about 5' 8 tall with mid length   curly black hair, steel blue eyes, fantastic smile and personality, and   a voluptuous body. If I was to guess what her measurements would be, I   would say they are 38C-30-40 She has some rolls around the stomach, but   who is perfect? I have a few myself.

 I fell in lust with Nicole the first time I saw her, with her good looks   and great personality it is hard not to. She works in the office of a   manufacturing firm and dresses up for work every day. She always looked   very nice, but on occasion she would dress kind of trampy. She often wore   blouses that showed cleavage, something that was never lost on me. I would   always make sure to be near the door when she came to pick up her kids.   She would always bend over to put the shoes on her young daughter. If I   was in the right spot I could catch a view of her fine tits. Women are not   clueless about these things, so I am sure she knew what I was doing, after   all aren't all men pigs? I thought this was all I would see of Nicole,   her very nice legs and once in a while some tit, but boy was I wrong.

 It all started very innocently with me sending Nicole some e-mails at work,  jokes and the usual stuff. This went on for some time, but it seemed that  the jokes were getting more sexual with each passing joke. Then each day  after work we would exchange smiles, if we met each other away from my  house, she would ask what I thought about the latest joke. I also noticed  that if my wife was busy when she came to pick up the kids, she would bend  over further and give me a real good show. Then one day she was wearing   a nice low cut blouse. As luck would have it my wife was down stairs with  some of the other kids and didn't know Nicole had come in.   Nicole's youngest daughter got down on the stairs to have her mom put on  her shoes. When Nicole bent over, I could not believe my eyes, she wasn't  wearing a bra. There slightly hidden from view was one fine pair of tits.  She had large nipples that were sticking out. I sat there open mouthed  staring, when she stood back up and winked at me. Just them my wife was  coming up the stairs and I quickly went into the living room to hide my  hardon.

 The next day I got another e-mail from Nicole.  It read.  I saw you looking at my tits.  Did you like the show?  I took off my bra just before I got out of the car.  Would you like to see more?

 Luv  Nicole

 I was flabbergasted. I quickly e-mail her back.

 Of coarse I would like to see more.  More real soon

 Horny  John

 Within 1/2 hour of sending that e-mail, I got one from Nicole.  When I downloaded the e-mail it had a jpg file. I opened it. As it  slowly began to fill my screen, I could make out that it was a picture  of Nicole. At first all I could see was her head and face. As the  picture was down loading, I made out that she wasn't wearing anything.  She was covering her tits with her hands, and was slightly bent with her  legs crossed to cover up her pussy. You could still see some of her pussy  hair, and she couldn?t cover all of her tits, but the thing that caught  my eye about her picture was her look. She looked positively slutty.  She had a little note. I am a tease, so  you will have to wait to see more.

 For the next month, we played a cat and mouse game, sending dirty jokes  back and forth and exchanging knowing glances. Then one day she sent me an  e-mail with a dirty story attached. The note said I love reading dirty  stories. Here is one I really like, let me know what you think. I read the  story with great interest and excitement. The story was about a wife, her  husband and 4 of his friends that get to gether to fuck the wife silly.  It was a good story, but I was shocked that Nicole sent it to me. I sent  Nicole back an e-mail asking her what she liked about the story.  She replied that one of her fantasies was to be the center of attention  in a group of horny men. I sent her back that if she was to do that, to  make sure she dropped me a line, because I would want to be there as well.  It?s funny that Nicole's fantasy was also very similar to my wives.  I had always got turned on reading Gang Bang stories and wondered what one  would be like, maybe I might get my chance.

 About a week later, I was in the garage working on my latest project and  Nicole drove up to pick up her kids. I waved at her as she came up the walk.  Today she was looking a little on the trashy side. Instead of going to the  front door, she came into the garage. She said hi and said "Would you like  some of this?"

 With that she lifted her skirt. She was wearing stockings and a garter  belt with crotchless panties. She spread her legs to give me a better look.  Then she dropped her skirt.

 I managed to pick my jaw off the floor and say. "I?d have to be dead not   to want some of that"  She looked at me with a devilish look, "Great I will e-mail you when we   get it set up."

 And with that she left me in the garage with a big hard-on, and many  thoughts running thru my mind. She had said she will let me know when "we"  get it set up. Who is we? It had to be her husband. Did she talk her  husband into her fulfilling her favorite story? The next day I got the  e-mail. The party is on for next Friday night starting at 7:00pm sharp.  It is going to be a long night so save your strength, you will need it.  I replied to her e-mail immediately. Yes I will be there, but can I eat  your pussy before it gets filled with cum? She did not reply to my e-mail,  but when she came to the house that night, she looked at me and licked her  lips and smiled.

 Time went by slowly until the Friday. I had told my wife that I had to go  to business meeting in another city and that we were going to entertain  the client that night, so I would be staying over night. I did rent a  hotel room, so I could clean up after the all night fuck fest.  I showed up at Nicole?s house about 15 minutes early. I wanted to eat  Nicole?s pussy before it was full of cum. Nicole?s husband Steve answered  the door and told me to go down the hall to the bedroom because Nicole was  waiting. When I looked into the bedroom, Nicole was indeed waiting for me.  She was lying on the bed in a red bra and panties. The panties were the  same crotchless ones she was wearing when she lifted her skirt in the  garage. The bra was a pushup. Her large nipples were just peeking over the  top. She was also wearing a garter belt, stockings and high heals.  She spread her legs and ran her hand over her pussy, and then she buried  2 fingers into her pussy. She let out a little moan and removed her fingers  and put them in her mouth. She pulled them out and pointed to her pussy.  "Now come get some of this."

 I didn't waste anytime, and dove my face between her legs, and drove my  tongue as far as I could into her pussy. She let out a low moan as I  brought my tongue up to her clit. I tickled it a few times, before I went  back down to drive my tongue back into her pussy. She must have been worked  up already, because she started coming in about 5 minutes. When she started  coming she stared to scream.   "You dirty fucker, A?m going to fuck you cock off. Oh that's so good.  Suck on my clit".   She was shacking and lifting her ass off the bed, so I held her down and  sucked hard on her  clit. With that she raised her ass again, so I drove a  finger up her ass. Her ass clamped down on my finger as her orgasm  continued. She yelled out "You are a dirty little fucker. Do you want to  fuck me up the ass? I like it in the ass. Oh god, Oh god."  She slowly stopped shacking and sat up. She gave me a kiss, and licked her  juices from my face.  "We will do that again real soon, but I must get to the party."

  She stood up and put a see thru robe on and down stairs she went. I stood  up and followed her.

 As soon as she started down the stairs the guys that were in the family  room started to hoot and holler. Then when they saw my face, they started  to call me names and complain to Steve that it was no fair that I got a  head start. With that Nicole opened and dropped her robe and spread her  legs. That brought a cheer from the guys. She pushed 2 fingers in her pussy  and told everyone not to worry there was lots to go around. There was  4 other guys beside Steve. I did not know any of them, so I guess they must  be friends of Steve. No introductions were made, because we were all to  consumed with lust for Nicole. Steve had a video camera and started to tape  Nicole. She went over to the stereo and played a cd. With the music playing  she slowly started to dance and tease us guys. She walked over to me with  her hips swaying. She bent over and her tits fell out of her bra.  Her nipples were hard and very large, about the size of my little finger.  She then turned around and waved her ass at me. She spread her legs and  buried 2 fingers in her pussy, pushing them in and out. She then put them  to her lips and licked the juices. She walked around the room doing the  same thing before going back into the center of the room. At this point she  removed her bra and shacked her big round tits back and forth. She got down  on her knees and asked all of the guys to get naked and surround her.

  In no time we had surrounded her, with our hard cocks sticking straight  out. Nicole bent over and started sucking the cock in front of her, while  she reached out and started stroking the cocks on the other side of the  guy who?s cock was now lost from view. She had him all the way in her mouth  and now started moving her head back and forth in time with her hands on  the 2 cocks. Myself and the 4th guy were left to watch and stroke our  cocks, as Steve taped Nicole. The guy that was left out got down behind  Nicole and started played with her pussy. Nicole stopped sucking cock and  told him to stop and wait, but he then got on his back and put his face  between her legs and started to eat her pussy. Nicole moaned and went  right back sucking cock. She stopped sucking the guy in the center and  started sucking the guy on his left. He groaned and urged her on.  "Oh Nicole you are such a good cock sucker" he said.

 I sat there for a few minutes watching what was happening. Nicole's ass was  bobbing up and down as her pussy was getting eaten. I got on my hands and  knees and  put one of her nipples in my mouth, while I grabbed her other  tit. They were very firm, and warm. I sucked on her nipple like a milk  starved kid. I looked down to see the guy that was eating her pussy had now  slid ahead and was getting ready to fuck her now dripping pussy. Nicole  must have senced his cock at her pussy, because she sat down driving his  cock up her cunt in one fast motion. She was incredible riding 1 guys cock,  while she played or sucked on 3 others. I moved around behind her and  started to play with her ass. As she rode the guys cock, it giggled like a  bowl of jello. God what a turn on. She slowed down and let me bury a finger  up her ass, before she picked up speed again. Steve saw what I was doing  and left the room for a minute. When he returned, he threw my a tube of KY.  I lubed up my cock and her ass. I got behind her and placed my cock at ass.  She stopped fucking and sucking and told me to go slow.  I pulled her cheeks apart and slowly started pushing.  It took about 20 seconds before I was burried to the balls in her very  tight ass. While I was pushing in she kept calling me a dirty fucker, and  to fuck her hard. I started to alternate strokes with the guy in her pussy,  driving into her deep and hard with every stroke. 

The guy in her pussy  started to pick up speed, so I matched him stroke for stroke. It was having  and effect on Nicole, as she stopped sucking on the guys infront of her and  ordered them to cum on her face and tits. She also told us to fuck her  harder, faster and to dump our cum into her. I was trying very hard up till  them, not to cum, but with her urging I started to drive into her faster  and harder. The guy on the bottom started yelling the he was going to fill  her slutty cunt, and the I could feel his cock convulse as he dumped his  load into Nicole's pussy. Nicole yelled she was cumming too and she wanted  to be covered in cum. I could feel Nicole start to cum. Her ass started  clamp down on my dick making it almost impossible to move. It was too much,  and with a grunt and one last push, I started cumming in Nicole?s tight ass.  I looked up to see the other 3 guys spraying Nicole's face and tits with  cum.  Steve said. "Nicole you cum soaked slut. What till you see this tape. You  are fantastic."  I had to agree. I fell backwards as my cock slipped out of Nicole?s ass.  She stood up and turned around. She had cum in her hair, on her face and  tits, and cum was running down between her legs. God she looked very very  sexy.

 Nicole said that we were just getting started and to get hard again. She  then turned toward Steve and got back on her knees and inhaled Steve's cock  in one fast movement. Steve almost fell back, so I took the camera from him  and started to tape her work on him. God I thought she was going to bite his  cock off.  I zoomed in close to get all the action. Nicole had her eyes closed while  she attacked her husbands cock. Then all at once she opened the wide.  I zoomed back out to see one of the other guys pull Nicole's legs back so  he could enter her from behind. I zoomed the camera in just in time to see  his cock disapear into Nicole. She moaned, but kept up her assult on her  husbands cock. The guy that was fucking her from behind, pulled his cock  out and in one quick lunge burried his cock in Nicole?s ass.  She let Steve's cock out of her mouth long enough to yell "Oh fuck, fuck my  ass."

 It was to much for Steve he drove his cock back down Nicole's throat and  blew his load down Nicole?s throat. He had to much cum for Nicole to  swallow because some was running out the corners of her mouth. Steve pulled  out, and another cock quickly replaced his.    Nicole kept this up for the next 3 hours taking on 2 to 3 guys non stop.  I had managed to cum twice more, once in her cunt while she had a cock in  her ass, and once in her mouth. I also fucked her in the standard  missionary position, but wasn?t able to cum. It was 1:00am, before I said  I had enough and left for the hotel. Nicole managed to get one of the guys  hard and was still going as I closed the door.

 On Monday I was at home in the garage, when she pulled up to get the kids.  She came up to me and kissed me on the cheek. "That was allot of fun, but  I'm so sore, we will have to wait a few more weeks to do it again" she said.  Then she squeezed my cock and went into the house. She sent me a e-mail the  next day explaining what happened after I left. She told me that she had  stopped and took a shower, and when she walked back into the family room,  the guys pounced on her and it started all over again.

 I woundered how often Nicole and Steve did this, but then again what did I  care. Nicole is so sexy I can?t wait till I get a chance to fuck her again.

 The End