 "So how do you like it here in the States?" Patti asked Nigel, the 20 year old exchange student from London who was living with her and Ted for the next school year. She couldn't help but wonder how big his black cock was, she would love to suck him off. He was very handsome, reminded her of Denzel Washington.

"It's great." he replied shyly finishing his drink as they all sat in the playroom watching an "Indiana Jones." movie. "I still think you drive on the wrong side of the street." he said with a chuckle.

"Well, you'll get used to it." she said wondering where Ted had disappeared to. He said he was going upstairs for a few minutes but that was 20 minutes ago.

"Hon, did you see what I did with that new magazine I just got?" Ted said as he walked down the stairs. "I can't find it anyplace.

"No, it was in our room under your bedside table the last time I saw it."

"I don't remember putting it anyplace else." he admitted, he did love to look at those Gay magazines. Looking at those hot, sexy men with their hard cocks, always got him going. He imagined licking and sucking those dicks, taking their cum in his mouth, or on his face and even taking a hard cock up his ass once in awhile.

"I'm sure it's around here someplace." Ted said hoping nobody found it, he tried to keep that a private part of his life, only certain people knew he was Bi.

"If you'll excuse me I need to do some studying." Nigel said as he stood up. "I'll see you in the morning."

"Good night, sleep well." Patti told him as he walked toward the stairs.

"See you in the morning Buddy." Ted said watching him walk up the stairs. Ted couldn't help but wonder how big Nigel's cock was. Nigel was tall, with a great build and sexy ass. Ted had noticed that Patti had been watching Nigel also. He could just imagine what she was thinking. "I can't imagine what I did with that magazine." Ted commented looking around the room. He had always kept his magazines in the bedroom. He sure didn't want to leave them lying around the house. Some people just would not understand.

"Well I'm going to straighten up the kitchen and then head to bed honey." Patti said as she stood and picked up the dishes from where they had snacked while watching the movie.

"Alright babe, I'll make sure everything is locked up and go on up." he said as she walked past him. "Hey." he told her as he reached out for her. "Ummm" he moaned as he bent down and gently kissed her. "See you in a few."

"Okay," she whispered as he reached up and caressed one of her tits. "Mmmm, the girls missed you."

"I missed them too." he whispered to her.

Nigel went into his room and quickly undressed and reaching under the mattress on his bed he pulled out the magazine Ted had been looking for. He didn't steal it, he had just borrowed it. He had intended to put it back where he had found it, he just forgot to. One day he had been home alone and he had just been looking around and had went into Ted and Patti's bedroom and noticed the magazine . Picking it up he liked the pictures he saw, those pictures got his cock hard, very hard.

He was very shy, VERY inexperienced when it came to sex. He was a virgin, well he had jacked off but having any experience with other people, women or men he had none. He was considered a geek and a nerd. All he cared about was his studies and getting his degree. He had noticed that his host family Ted and Patti were very open in their relationship with each other. It was nothing for Ted to walk up and grab Patti by her ass or reach for her tits when he thought nobody was looking. Nigel had looked. Patti was an older lady but she sure didn't act like an older lady. She made sexual comments and would reach for Ted's crotch and whisper something to him and then they would go upstairs.

There had been several times when Nigel was sitting at the kitchen table working and he could hear loud moaning and sexual sounds coming from the playroom downstairs. He had even stood at the top of the stairs and jacked off listening to Ted and Patti fucking. He stroked his hard cock as he heard Ted begging her to suck him and make him cum. He heard Patti getting loud and exclaim "Fuck me Daddy!" as Ted fucked her hard and deep. Nigel had then went upstairs to his room and jacked off shooting his cum all over himself, grunting and moaning as he came.

Lying down on his bed he reached for his cock, flipping to his favorite page in the magazine he looked at the picture of one man sucking another. It did something to him, he didn't think he was gay but he did get horny and very hard looking at naked men. "Yeah." he moaned as he stroked his cock, feeling it getting hard. Up and down he stroked himself as he imagined someone, anyone down between his legs sucking his cock. His cock was about 8 inches long and about three inches around. He put the magazine down and reached for his balls as he continued to stroke his dick. "Suck my cock." he whispered. 

"I know I didn't move that magazine." Ted thought to himself as he walked down the hall towards his bedroom. "Wouldn't hurt to check the other spare room." he said as he walked into the spare bedroom and switched on the overhead light. This room had been empty since their room mate Jennifer had moved out two months earlier to live with her boyfriend Todd. She had been a college student and she had stayed with them for almost a year. She had been great to have around, very hot and sexy and fun to play around with. Patti had trained her well, she ended up admitting that she was also Bi just like Patti and all of them had had great times together. Patti and Jennifer and Ted and Jennifer and then the four of them. Todd had even joined in and liked sucking cock just as much as Ted did.

Ted and Patti had been happy for Jennifer and Todd, they made a great couple. Looking in the bedside table he saw no magazine. "It couldn't have just grew legs and walked away." he said out loud.

"Yes." Nigel moaned as he rubbed the pre-cum into his cock.

Ted noticed that the joining bathroom door was open a crack, there was a bathroom in between the two guest rooms. Stepping into the dark bathroom he could see into Nigel's room. Lying on the bed naked, Nigel had his big black cock in his hand. Licking his lips Ted stood there in the dark bathroom and watched. "Damn, he's got a great cock." Ted thought to himself as he watched the young man jacking off. "Stroke that dick." he whispered watching Nigel jack off.

"Oh yeah." Nigel whispered as he reached for his big heavy ball sack. He loved to jack himself and cum. Dreaming someone, anyone was sucking him off, made him so hot.

"Fuck..." Ted moaned as he stood there and watched Nigel jerking his huge cock, Ted could see the pre-cum leaking out of the head of Nigel's dick. What he would give to be able to lick and taste it, swallow it. Unbuttoning and unzipping his jeans Ted reached in for his hardening cock. "Oh yeah." he moaned as he stroked himself. 

Nigel thought he heard someone moan, looking up toward the bathroom he could see Ted standing in the darkened bathroom watching him. "Crap!" he thought as he grabbed his shirt and tried to cover his nakedness. Was Ted standing there watching him jerking off. He had always felt that Ted liked men also, what with the Gay magazines. His cock was feeling so good in his hand he didn't care if Ted was watching him. Nigel looked toward the bathroom door and nodded as if to give Ted a signal that it was alright to watch.

Ted took that signal as a go ahead to walk into the room, opening the door he stepped into Nigel's room and walked over to the bed. "You've got a nice dick."

"Thank you." Nigel replied as he watched Ted quickly undress and continue to stroke himself. "I thought you liked men too." Nigel said as he saw Ted's hard cock.

"Yes I do, can I stroke you too?"

Ted moved closer to the bed and reached his hand out and wrapped his hand around Nigel's big black cock. "Yeah." Ted said as he stroked that cock. Rubbing pre-cum all over the head of Nigel's cock. "Mind if I lick it?"

"You really want to do that?" Nigel asked not believing Ted wanted to lick his dick. It was a dream come true. He watched as Ted leaned over and licked the pre-cum from the head of his cock. "Oh yes." he moaned as he watched Ted flick his tongue all over his cock. Finally someone had licked his dick. Leaning up on his elbows Nigel continued to watch as Ted took the head of his cock into his mouth. "Fuck!" he moaned loudly as he felt Ted take his cock a bit deeper.

"Oh my God." Ted thought as he licked and sucked Nigel's cock, feeling the hardness, tasting pre-cum. He was loving this, he wanted more, no he had to have more. Moaning around that black cock in his mouth he reached for Nigel's big balls. Taking them into his hand Ted stroked them. He wondered what was taking his sweet little wife so long to come upstairs. He would love her to walk in on them, he wanted her to watch him sucking Nigel.

"There that's all done." Patti said aloud as she turned on the dishwasher, turning off the lights she made her way upstairs. 

"Yeah, oh yeah..." Patti heard Nigel moaning loudly as she walked down the hall. "He must be jacking off." she thought as she went past the other spare room.

"Now, why is this light on?" she asked herself as she stepped into the room and turned off the light.

"Suck it Ted, yeah suck my black dick."

"Hmmm, hubby must be playing with Nigel." Patti realized, she had to see this.

Walking over to Nigel's door to his room, she quietly opened the door. There was Nigel naked as the day he was born, lying back on his bed. Ted was leaning over him taking that dick as far down his throat as he could. "Damn, that looks so hot." she said as she watched. Both men were naked and thats the way she liked them. She stood there and watched as Ted sucked that cock, licking his way down to those huge balls. Taking them into his mouth one at a time. "Do it babe, suck those balls." she whispered. Turning around Patti quickly went to her bedroom and grabbed a bag with toys and some massage oil and lube. She kept a "Goody Bag" in the bedroom also. You never know where the mood to play will strike you. Better to be prepared. She quickly went back to the room to watch.

Nigel looked up and saw Patti standing in the room, it didn't bother him, he kind of liked the thought of her watching her husband sucking him off. 

"Like the way he sucks cock?" Patti asked looking at Nigel, she slipped out of her clothes leaving them in a pile on the floor. "I love to watch Ted sucking another man off, makes me so hot and very wet." she said as she reached down and rubbed her fingers across her bare pussy. "Mmmm, nice hard black cock." 

"Fuck, please don't stop." Nigel gasped when he felt Ted sucking his balls.

Ted glanced up and saw Patti standing there, "Join me baby, have a taste." he told her as he licked those heavy cum filled balls. He was dying to taste Nigel's cum. Feeling it filling his mouth, swallowing it.

Patti walked over and reached for that black cock, taking it in her hand she stroked him. Feeling how hard he was she leaned down and took the head of that dick into her mouth. "Mmmm." she moaned around that monster dick, it filled her hot mouth. She wasn't sure if she could take it all. 

"Ahh mother fucker." Nigel groaned as he felt one mouth on his cock and one on his balls. He was loving the sensations, he didn't want it to end. He could stay like this. "do it suck me."

Ted moved around and got down on his knees between Nigel's legs, pushing his legs all the way back Ted exposed that black asshole. "His cock taste good honey?"

"Oh yes, loving it." she replied letting that cock slip out of her mouth.

"Don't stop." Nigel begged wanting to cum.

"Oh, we won't stop." Ted assured him as he licked Nigel's tight Virgin asshole. "Mmm." Ted moaned as he tasted Nigel's ass. Spreading those black cheeks apart Ted went to town licking that hole. Glancing up he saw Patti stroking that dick as she tried to take more of it into her mouth. If anyone could swallow that cock she would be able to. Ted loved the way she was flicking her tongue all over that big black dick. Watching Patti slurping and making Nigel's cock so wet just the sight make Ted's own dick even harder. "Swallow that cock baby girl."

Patti held that big hard cock in her hand, stroking him as she slurped and took it as deeply as she could. Her pussy was getting so wet, she was breathing heavier, getting so turned on. Patti needed some attention too, climbing onto the bed she straddled Nigel's face, facing Nigel's feet she hovered over his mouth. 

Nigel looked up and saw Patti's wet pussy just above his face. He had never ate pussy before. He grasped her by her hips and pulled her slit to his mouth. He liked the fact that she had big pussy lips, easier to lick and suck on them.

Ted looked up and saw Patti had straddled Nigel's face. Ted knew one thing his wife loved was to get her sweet wet, pussy ate. He loved to eat her, Ted knew that Nigel would love the taste of her slit. Ted could lay between her spread legs for hours licking and tonguing her, fucking her with his tongue. When she was getting out of control he would suddenly push two or three fingers inside of her pussy and fuck her as deep and hard as he could until she came all over his face. Tasting her juices made him so hard for her.

For someone who had never ate pussy before Nigel was a natural, sucking her pussy lips into his mouth he gently sucked on them. God, she was so wet he thought as he tasted her wetness. He could get used to this he pushed his tongue inside of her. Patti gasped as she felt Nigel's tongue fucking up into her.

Ted continued to lick and suck on Nigel's ass, he tasted so good. Ted sucked one then two finger's and started to rub them across that tight hole. Ted knew that Nigel would be VERY tight just the way Ted liked them. Nigel gasped at the touch of Ted's fingers on his ass hole. He had never even considered anything like this.

Patti and Ted glanced up and looked at each other at the same time, Ted nodded and she bent over and took Nigel's cock back into her mouth. Sucking up and down she took that dick. Looking down she watched as her husband slid one finger up to the first knuckle in Nigel's ass.

"Yes." Nigel gasped as he felt a finger slide into his hole. In and out Ted fucked that hole. "Yeah, fuck me." he moaned going back and licking Patti's pussy.

Patti pulled her mouth off of Nigel's dick, looking at Ted she wanted to watch Nigel get his ass fucked. "Do it baby, use our black dildo." 

Ted leaned over reaching for the bag of toys, opening the bag he found a 7 inch vibrating dildo. He thought that Nigel would love it. Ted and Patti had tried this out one Saturday night. Ted had never used a dildo on himself before, he had talked Patti into using it on his ass. It had been awesome, the feeling of that toy inside of his tight hole. The vibrations as Patti had fucked his ass, were amazing. He remembered how good he came that night. He didn't play like that very often but once in awhile he enjoyed a toy or real dick up his ass. Taking out a bottle of massage oil Ted poured it over Nigel's waiting hole, watching it dribbling down between his ass cheeks. 

Nigel was in Heaven, licking Patti's pussy, feeling Ted pouring oil all over his ass. Ted pushed two fingers deeply inside of that tight black ass. In and out he fucked Nigel. Hearing Nigel moaning,listening as his wife slurped on that cock. Ted took that dildo and gently inserted it slowly into Nigel's ass. "Fuck!" he exclaimed as the head of that dildo pushed its way into his hole. Taking a deep breath he tried to relax. "Do it fuck my ass..."

Patti pulled away from Nigel's cock, she watched intently as Ted fucked Nigel with that black cock, she could hear the humming of the vibrator as that dildo disappeared into Nigel's ass. In and out Ted fucked that tight black ass hole. Damn but her pussy was feeling so good with Nigel sucking on her pussy lips and fingering her slit.

"Ride his dick." Ted told Patti as he poured a bit more massage oil over Nigel's ass hole. He wanted to watch Nigel's big black cock stretch her tight pussy. He wanted to watch that big black dick fucking his wife.

Moving off of Nigel's face, Patti tuned around facing Nigel. Hovering over that big black cock, Ted reached up and felt her sopping wet pussy. Pushing two fingers deeply inside of her Ted fingered her. "Yes." she groaned as her husband fingered her. "Don't stop." she whimpered as he took his fingers away.

"Take his cock baby girl." Ted told her, he watched as she reached under herself grasping Nigel's throbbing cock. Nigel reached for her tits and he sucked and licked her nipples, gently biting them.

Patti slowly sat down on that huge black cock, finally taking as much as she could. "Oh my God." she said as she took most of his dick inside of her.

"Fuck, your pussy is so tight." Nigel said as he felt her start to ride his dick. Reaching up he grabbed her tits, squeezing and pinching her nipples he felt her riding his cock. Looking down he watched as her pussy swallowed his member. He finally had his cock of a real live pussy.

Ted fucked Nigel's tight ass hole with that dildo as he watched his wife ride that cock. Reaching down he stroked his cock, he was enjoying watching her getting fucked.

Nigel was in heaven, fucking his first pussy and getting his ass fucked by a dildo at the same time. He was feeling wonderful, the dildo was a bit uncomfortable but he was getting used to it.

"Do it Nigel, give her that hard cock." Ted said encouraging the young man as he watched that black dick fucking his wife. He could hear her soft moans of pleasure. Ted knew she loved getting fucked hard and deep, the harder the better. 

Pouring more massage oil all over Nigel's ass Ted fucked that tight black ass hole. In and out h fucked him, slow and then fast. Nigel spread his legs as if a signal to take that dildo even deeper up his ass.

"Oh yes, yes, fuck my ass." Nigel moaned loudly as he felt that dildo stretch his hole. He was enjoying this very much. Patti grasped his strong shoulders and rode that dick. In and out she took that cock, felt it filling her tight pussy.

"Fuck me!" she exclaimed as she reached down and rubbed her throbbing clit.

"That's it baby, take that black dick." Ted said as he continued to fuck the young man. He rubbed pre-cum all over the head of his swollen member. He needed some pussy too. Suddenly he removed that toy from Nigel's ass and stood up.

"I want to suck your cock again." he suggested, changing position Patti moved off of Nigel, she sat back and watched. Ted reached for Nigel's cock. Bending down Ted stroked Nigel's dick. Taking that black cock back into his mouth he tasted Nigel's pre-cum and his wife's pussy juices. "Mmmm" it tasted so good, he loved the thought that that cock had been inside of his wife's pussy. He loved to see her enjoying herself. He never became jealous, he licked and sucked on the head of Nigel's dick.

Nigel was in heaven he couldn't help but push his cock deeper into Ted's waiting mouth. In and out he fucked the older man's mouth. Patti reached for Ted's rock hard cock. Stroking his cock she laid down on the bed and took his cock into her waiting mouth. She loved cock and wasn't ashamed to say so. 

"Mmmm" she moaned around Ted's cock she loved the taste of him, the feel of his cock in her mouth. Watching as Nigel fucked her husband's mouth with his cock made her so hot. In and out Ted took that cock, deeper and deeper.

Nigel wasn't sure how much longer he could hold out, he wanted to cum right now. He never knew he could feel like this sexually, this had opened up so much to him. He hoped that they could have more days like this.
