 We were going on another "hotel date." We'd get a nice suite, and have a weekend get-away close to home. Chas had his license suspended again, so I picked him up. He just had a small bag, and we were ready to leave. I noticed him slip something inside my purse, but I didn't say anything. We went to the hotel, and checked in, then got ready to go out for the night. I wore my jeans with a rhinestone studded leather belt, my boots, a crop top, and an open white blouse, tied at the bottom. We went out country music dancing, mostly I danced, Jim watched and drank. By the time the club closed, he was pretty well intoxicated. 

I drove us back towards the hotel. We stopped at a red light, and I saw a park with a small pond, the grass covered in a light fog.

"Chas, look at the park over there. Let's go for a walk by the pond."

"A walk? I can barely stand! Let's get to the room and get naked."

I parked the car, pulled off my boots, dropped the keys in my purse and ran out into the park.

"Come on! Catch me if you want me!" I flashed my tits, and went out into the trees. Finally, he got out and chased after me, stumbling and tripping, but I let him catch me. He tackled me in the wet grass, and we started kissing, very deep and hard. He slipped off my blouse, and pulled up my top, then roughly my jeans. 

He pulled them off quickly, and then he removed my panties. I told him to stand up, and I unzipped him, and pulled his cock out. It had grown, but wasn't fully erect, probably from all the beer. I stroked it gently, lightly kissing and licking the head, until he was hard. I swallowed him al the way, while I gently squeezed his balls, sucking hard, my tongue teasing as I let him slide in and out of my mouth. He pushed be back, and I fell down under him. He got between my legs, and licked me until I reached an orgasm, then he moved up and slid his cock into me. He did me until I was almost ready to scream, and then stopped.

"Chas! Put it back in!"

"Nicolle, remember last time, when I handcuffed you to the bed? That was really wild, wasn't it?"

"I remember you leaving me like that for an hour to go get a six pack of beer.” “It was pretty exciting, though.” He grabbed my purse, and pulled out the cuffs. "Let me lock you to a tree, and do you from behind!" "What? I don't think so! Out here in public?" "There's no one here! It's 3 in the morning! Come on!"

I put all my clothes in a neat pile, and hugged a nearby tree. My heart raced, I could hardly breath, as I felt the two cold bracelets lock onto me. I was scared, but very aroused, too. He grabbed my hips, and shoved his cock into my pussy hard! He pumped me like an animal, and spanked me several times as he pounded me. I pushed back to him, the cuffs tight on me, feeling so hot and wet inside. He exploded inside of me, and I screamed from an incredible orgasm. I leaned on the tree, catching my breath, as Chas zipped his pants. He whacked my ass again, and said "see ya later!"

I screamed at him, he laughed, slapped my ass again, and said, "You have no sense of humor, do you?" I stood waiting for him now to open the cuffs. "Oh, oh, man, shit. This can't be, Fuck! I don't believe this!" "What now?"

"Um, I left the cuff keys on my dresser at home." "Okay, ha ha, I laughed, now unlock me." "Nicolle, I'm sorry, I really am, but I'm not kidding.” I let out a moan, and wiggled and pulled against the cuffs. He said he'd just take the car, go home, get the key, and be back in no more than an hour. I argued for him not to leave me, but I knew there was no other way out. Chas said with a laugh, "Anyway, you like to be a slut, so if anybody does come along you will probably get a good fucking". I laughed and replied, " UMMM, I may even be lucky and have several fucks". You're a fucking slut," Chas said, and with that He took my purse, and was gone. I called him to throw my top over my shoulders, and to put my pants on, but he was gone. I stood there helplessly, waiting. And waiting. The sun was coming up, and I was still there. I heard a female voice behind me. It was Sharon, Chas's ex-girlfriend.

"Nicolle? Is that you? You look like you're in a bit of a predicament. I should kick your ass for taking Chas from me, but this is even better." She pulled my belt from my jeans, and whipped my bare ass. I screamed in pain as the leather and the studs stung my cheeks. Over and over, harder with each swing, she beat my poor ass until I was certain my cheeks were bright red. She said, "Mm, that was good, I need a cigarette." She lit up, and "accidentally" dropped the lit match and the rest of the book right on my pile of clothes. She laughed, and 

Said she'd go call several men over right away to put out the fire. After probably an hour, she must have fulfilled her promise, as at least three guys came up behind me. I moaned as I felt a huge cock suddenly press against my pussy, and then slam inside me. Two off them held my legs out, so I was completely horizontal as the man drove deeper and harder into me. He came quickly, but I wasn't open long before the next took his place. He pounded me quickly, but he lasted quite a while.

After he filled my pussy with hot cum, the third said he didn't want sloppy left overs, and smeared some of the others cum on my ass hole. I struggled and squealed as his finger poked into my ass. My wriggling and moaning aroused them more, and he pressed his cock into my ass, pushing hard, ripping me open wide. After a few thrusts, he was all the way inside, and slowly, he pulled his thick cock out of my ass, then rammed it back, fast. I bucked back on to him as best I could as he started fucking me hard and violently, pounding my ass hard. Finally, he unloaded his cum into my ass, and then turned my head, and made me suck and lick off my sticky mess from his cock. I was fucked in my ass again, my pussy was fucked two more times, and I had to lick each cock clean after each time. They left, and not long after, another group came by.

They fucked my pussy several times, and my ass four times. I was very weak now, cum trailed down my thighs. It grew dark, and somehow, I fell asleep. I woke up the next morning, being poked by a stick. 

A policeman was standing over me. He unlocked my wrists, and helped me up. I told him how I got there, and he laughed.

"I guess that drunk we pulled over the other night was telling the truth! You must enjoy this, if you let him do it!" I started to say that I did, when I gasped as he suddenly brought me back to the tree, and locked me up again. He called for back up on the radio, and then opened his pants. He pushed his cock up into me, and fucked me hard and steady, then blew his load on my back. I heard several other men's voices, he called them over, and I stood there bent over like a little slut toy for them. One after the other took turns, slamming cock after cock up inside me, splattering cum all over my naked body. When they were through, they let me go from the tree, but drove me into the city, and left me to walk home stark naked.

Despite my attempts to hide, I was seen by many many people, and as I through another park, which was a short cut, another group of men saw me. They weren't going to miss out on a chance like this, a naked cum covered slut presenting herself for them and I was soon pulled into a gent’s public toilet where they all took their turn with me. Once again cocks were reaming out my holes again. I was down on my hands and knees on the dirty smelly piss covered floor while a cock was pounding my ass and another was face fucking me. I was grunting like an animal and urging them on to fuck this slut. I heard some more talking and realized that some more men had come in and a couple of bums who had been sleeping on the park benches. There must have been at least a dozen men in there now.

As one cock cum over my body or in it, another took its place. I was turned over face down, my tits squashed on to the cold floor of the toilet. Men climbed onto me one after the other, yanking my head up by my long hair and fucking either my ass or cunt, pummeling me into the dirty floor. All I could do was lie there moaning, telling them to use me, abuse me, fuck me like some back street cheap whore. Even the two tramps rammed their dirty unwashed smelly cocks up my ass and cunt, and then made me suck them clean afterwards. After they were all spent they pissed on me, saying I was in a public toilet so I should be used as one. They all laughed as their streams of piss rained down on me.

They all left, leaving me lying there in the large pool of piss on the toilet floor. I finally got up and made my way home again. It took me several hours to get home, as it was now light even though it was still early. I must of looked a sight to the people who saw me walking stark naked and covered with dried cum, my long hair wet and matted with piss. I must have got honked at by numerous car and lorry drivers who passed me. When I got home, I had messages on my machine. The first, from Chas in jail, asking if I got loose, to come bail him out. The other was Sharon asking if I had enjoyed myself last night, she said she had stayed around out of sight for a while and watched the first lot of men fuck the ass of me. Sharon also said she had enjoyed the show I had given.

I pushed the erase button, and then I took a shower, dressed up very sexily, and then thought I may or may not go to the police station. Heaven knows what I would have to do to get Chas out of jail, but I was looking forward to it. Perhaps they would all use me in front of him watching locked up in the cell.