 Author's note: I hope you will enjoy this story. Please don't forget to vote and leave feedback after you finish it. Happy reading. :)

* * * * *

This is a story of the night we had a most unexpected encounter. By 'we' I mean me and my cousin Rashmi. Both of us are 23 years old and live together. This works out great because Rashmi and I are truly the best of friends and we love to spend time with each other, whether it is shopping or clubbing or spending a night in and watching movies. We also love sleeping with each other. When I say 'sleep' I don't mean just sleep -- Rashmi and I discovered the pleasure we could give each other as teenagers and love to bring each other to frequent orgasms. This doesn't mean that we have any issues with going out with boys. We are not jealous and being conscious of the Indian society we live in, we try to behave like good Indian girls who are interested in boys. And we are definitely interested in boys, they have something else they bring to sex, but it is nothing like being with a girl, and we enjoy both the feelings. 

Rashmi is the elder one, but I am more assertive most of the time so usually she follows my lead. She is a little shorter than me and her figure is more rounded. She has the most awesome curves and the best breasts anyone could hope for. They always spill out from my hands when I try to squeeze them. Her hips are also broader than mine and she can fill out a tight jeans like no one else. Every time I see her in her favourite pair of jeans, I can't help but touch her round butt.

I am a little bit taller than Rashmi and leaner. Even though my breasts are a little smaller, they are still a satisfying size and Rashmi says they are exactly right for sucking. My best feature I feel is my flat abdomen. I love to wear clothes where I can show it off to its best advantage. 

We are modern girls even though we come from a smaller town, but after being allowed to go to college in big cities and then getting jobs and staying there, we can come and go as we please with no one to tell us what to do. As long as we meet one of our relatives who lives in the city for festivals and other holidays and keep calling back home every few days, we get to do as we like. And we take full advantage of this. We go out often and usually we get male 'bodyguards' to accompany us when we want with carefully cultivated close few 'boyfriends' that we have, though sometimes we like to go out alone and we are always careful in these days of being girls out alone. 

This is the story of one such night, where after we both came home from work, we decided to go out clubbing as we usually do, but without our male friends this time. We wanted a true girl's night out where we could party and abandon ourselves to drinking and dancing and then we had planned to come back and have an 'after party' with just the two of us. We both knew and looked forward to how the night was going to end.

We started getting into the mood as soon as we had our showers and were getting ready. We naturally walked naked in front of each other all the time instead of being shy and covering ourselves. So after the shower, as I came out, I saw Rashmi in front of her wardrobe, thinking about what to wear. She had her hair wrapped in a towel just like I had, but otherwise there was nothing else covering her body. As soon as I rubbed myself dry, I also discarded my towel and sneaked up behind her. I put my arms around her and cupped her gorgeous tits. 

"What are you going to wear?" I asked.

"I don't know," she replied, "how about the black top and my tight jeans?"

"Hmmm..." I considered it. "Wear the silver satin one," I commanded, "It drapes over your tits quite nicely, and with so much of your back bare, I am going to just love brushing you casually."

I moved my mouth over the nape of her neck and gave her a warm open-mouthed kiss. My hands gently massed her big boobs.

She giggled. "Keep that on and we will just end up staying at home," she cautioned. "I just showered and I will again start flowing with pussy juices if you don't stop. Wait until the night when we come back and then you can play with them as much as you want."

"Promise?" I asked.

"Babli, when have I ever stopped you from touching my body?' she asked as a reply.

"Never," I said. "That's why I love you so much, my sexy cousin."

With a parting squeeze to her gorgeous tits, I moved away to my own wardrobe. We dressed for the nightclub very carefully, just a little sexy without appearing like sluts. I wore my new low rise jeans and a tank top with high heels, showing my bare stomach, while Rashmi put on her tight jeans and the silver top I suggested, also wearing high heels. We added perfect make up, took our time with our hair and we were ready.

Rashmi and I decided to go to our usual hangout, The Tin Roof. We reached there at 8 p.m. and the night was already going full swing. The music was loud and throbbing, and the dance floor was packed. The atmosphere in the club was the way I liked it, all warm and moist with sweaty bodies gyrating and rubbing up against each other in the form of dance. Rashmi and I stopped for just a couple of shots courtesy of the free ladies night before getting on to the floor.

The dancing was enjoyable; we danced with whoever was on the floor, nothing serious. Most of the time, Rashmi and I danced together, just having fun and letting ourselves go with the music. Both of us were good dancers and had good bodies, so before long we were surrounded by males who were dancing with us. It was just casual dancing, no one was troubling us or trying to get undue attention. This was the way I liked it. 

My attention was on my beautiful cousin though, not on any of the guys there. She danced with abandon, her boobs obviously jiggling and swaying even though confined with her tight bra as her body moved to the dance music. I couldn't get my eyes away from her beautiful form, her lovely boobs. I started getting in the mood as I watched her dance and noticed the hungry eyes of the males surrounding her also watching her ripe young body. Most of the boys around us were concentrating on her tits by now. And instead of being jealous, I was enjoying showing off my sexy cousin to them.

After an hour of dancing nonstop, I was tired but also aroused a bit and pulled Rashmi to the bar to get more drinks. She came willingly as both of us needed a rest for round two. The air in the club was getting a bit heavy also, so I suggested to Rashmi that we go out into the parking lot to our car to smoke there for a while before coming back in. She agreed.

Outside, we got into our car's back seat and lit up. It was a cool, breezy night, so we got most of the windows of the car up to shield us from the cold in our small tops. With our cigarettes almost done, I moved my hand over to Rashmi's boobs and started caressing her. She was lying back on the seat and sighed when my hands brushed over her boobs. I pressed and massaged her lightly, just getting her into the mood as we finished the last few puffs of our cigarette. My hand moved lazily over her body, moving down to dip under her top to stroke her naked stomach or coming back our and moving up to touch her boobs through her top. They were tightly contained in her bra but it both the top and the bra were thin. I wanted to arouse her so that her nipples stood out and were visible through her top. It would send the guys into a frenzy and maybe they would get bolder and start touching her a little or brushing her as we danced. Both of us enjoyed the occasional sexy touches we got while dancing and I was hoping that the display of the obviously hard nipples of my hot cousin would get some inhibitions down and give the boys the signal that we were free to a little playing. 

As I squeezed her ample breasts, I could feel myself getting hot too. My pussy lips swelled and I could feel them brushing against my jeans through my thin panties. I wanted to rub myself there but also wanted to take it slowly. It was still early and our slow arousal would lead to that much better sex between us that night. But Rashmi was moaning with the attention of my hands on her body by now and I felt that a few kisses would be ok.

I wound up the tinted windows fully and started kissing her. Rashmi is a fantastic kisser. She makes it wet and hot and can do extremely sexy things with her mouth and tongue. She was the one who had taught me the art of kissing by telling me to go slow in the early years of our relationship when all I could think of was to get her naked and get my hands and mouth on her delicious boobs and pussy. She had always been the one to enjoy kissing.

It was the same now. Rashmi almost melted in my arms as I kissed her deeply. My fingers played with her erect nipples through her top and got her moaning and writhing right there on the back seat. She even spread her legs in an unconscious plea to touch her pussy. I didn't disappoint her. I moved my hands between her wide open legs and rubbed her hard over her jeans. She lifted her hips up and ground herself against my firm hand. Her hands were now on my boobs and she was kneading them while letting out deep moans and squirming in a really aroused state. Seeing her response, I wondered if the drinks we had had made her a little drunk already, but as I was liking what was happening, I didn't put a stop to it.

I kept rubbing her over her jeans and kissing her hot, wet mouth and she kept squeezing and pressing my breasts through mine. I finally undid her jeans button and slipped my hand inside. She was already wet but I was not surprised. I used my hand to cup and squeeze her pussy while dipping into her slippery slit and frisking her pussy lightly. Maybe I would give her one orgasm. It would serve to stimulate her more if all her pussy juices were wetting her and making her conscious of her aroused state as she danced later when we went back in. Yes, one orgasm was definitely in store for my hot cousin.

With that thought in mind, I moved my mouth off hers and moved away, but my hand remained buried in her jeans. She whimpered as our kiss broke.

"Wait, Rashmi, let me open your top too," I said in a soothing voice.

She stopped struggling for me to come back to kissing as I fussed with her top. 

"Help me with this," I said.

She lifted the front of her top with both her hands until it rested above her bra clad tits. Her sexy curves were all open to my hungry eyes. I took a moment to admire her splayed against the back seat, open to whatever I would choose to do with her. I lifted her hands back to my boobs and taking her gorgeous titties out of her bra, bent my mouth down to latch on to them. 

I was sucking on her nipples with my finger in her wet cunt and she was moaning while pinching and squeezing my tits when suddenly there was a knock on the window. Both of us froze. I hurriedly stuffed her boobs back into her bra and pulled down her top while she buttoned her jeans up. Both of us ran our fingers through our hair while looking at each other. The knock was repeated. 

Who could it be? I was scared it was either the police or someone from the local fanatical Hindu political group that protested against girls being out in pubs swayed by what they claimed was 'western influence' and against Indian culture. Well, there was only one way to find out.

I leaned over Rashmi and pressed the button to lower the window the tiniest bit. 

Two pairs of eyes looked in at us.

"Hello, ladies," we heard. The voice was smooth and sexy.

"Who are you?" I burst out.

"Sorry, we are not some sleazy guys... don't be scared. We were dancing with you and saw you leave. We thought we would leave also but when we came out here, we saw you go into the car for a smoke. We waited, but since you have been in there for quite a while, we wondered if we could entice you back into the club? It is not the same without you two beautiful girls in there."

"Oh," I managed. We were not in trouble after all. It was just a couple of guys asking if we would go back.

"Yes. We came out for a smoke and a breather," I said. 

"Can we join you?" the same voice asked.

I looked over at Rashmi. She turned and put finger over mine on the controls and moved the window a little bit lower. I immediately understood. She wanted to check them out.

As the window lowered a bit, more of their faces came into view. The one on the right was fair, lean-jawed and sexy, with an unshaven look and hair that flopped into his forehead. The one on the left was a little darker in complexion but with piercing eyes and an engaging smile, her was not bad looking either. 

"Hi, I am Ashmit," the one on the left said, in that sexy voice.

"And I am Neeraj," the other one introduced himself.

Rashmi moved the window down a little more again, evidently taken in by the guys' good looks.

"Hi, I am Rashmi and this is Babli," she said, smiling prettily.

"So, can we join you for a smoke?" Ashmit asked again.

Rashmi looked over to me. She was apparently fine with it, but I knew she would defer to me when it came to such things. I didn't see anything wrong with it. There were other people in the parking lot and the guys couldn't do anything untoward if I kept the keys in my purse and the doors of the car open. I bent over and popped the locks on the two front seats. The guys joined us and we all opened our doors to the night air, lighting up our cigarettes. The guys turned back to us and looked at us between the front seats.

"So do you come here often?" Ashmit asked.

"Yes," I replied. "It's our favourite club. You?"

"We are only here for two days on business," Ashmit replied. "We are flying back tomorrow afternoon."

We made idle chit chat after that, exchanging work stories and engaging in social talk. A nice laid back kind of feeling enveloped us as we talked and laughed. Ashmit was the talker but Neeraj also joined in from time to time as we talked. The same way, I talked more than Rashmi as I was naturally more dominant than her between us and Rashmi I think was a little tipsy.

After a few minutes, I saw both the guys' gaze flitting to Rashmi's breasts when they thought we weren't looking. Rashmi had a happy buzz going and I doubt whether she noticed, but I did, as occasionally my eyes were also drawn to my cousin's chest. Her rigid nipples were plainly visible in the light falling into the car from outside and the smooth satin top draped over her just enhanced the shadows that fell on the on the dark side. 

I didn't mind the boys looking. I loved to show off Rashmi's assets and a lot of times we had deliberately been in situations where we had walked around malls or other public places with skimpy clothing, showing off our sexy bodies to people. The exhibitionism aroused both of us and made our nipples hard and our pussies flow, making the whole act even more pleasurable. It was our frequent method of foreplay, as afterwards we went home and gave each other powerful orgasms. Once I had even convinced Rashmi to 'accidentally' pop out her breast near the fitting room of one of the bigger malls just as one man came to use it. The look on his face and the sudden tent in his pants gave us quite a few giggles as we apologised and ran away. Whenever we showed our bodies off, it always led to our sex being even more intense, so I didn't put a stop to it when I saw the boys looking at her aroused nipples.

The talk turned to the guys' visit to the city and they were talking about how the girls here were all hot and good-looking when I decided to make the air in the car hotter.

"So have you sampled any?" I asked.

There was a bit of a silence but Ashmit recovered quickly and laughed.

"No," he replied.

"Really?" I said, blatant disbelief in my voice. "I thought that's what guys usually do when they go on 'business trips' to different cities."

Ashmit chuckled again. "We just didn't get lucky," he replied, his voice dipping to an even sexier tone.

"Too bad," I said, taking a last deep drag on my cigarette and then flicking the butt out of the car. 

My eyes didn't leave his face and his were locked on mine.

"Perhaps tonight we will," he purred. 

I raised an eyebrow at his forward comment. Even though I had started the sexy talk, he was raising the stakes and taking it a bit further. I liked his spirit!

"Perhaps," I said and turned away, dismissing him.

The conversation moved to other topics and we continued even after our cigarettes were done. The guys were enjoying the view of two sexily dressed girls and I was enjoying their eyes rove over us. I thought it was all very inconspicuous, with them being unaware that I knew what was going on, but after a couple of minutes I sensed a change in the atmosphere. 

I looked over at Neeraj and then Ashmit. It was there I found what I was looking for. He was looking directly at me with a keen look and as he met my eyes, he held my gaze for a minute before dropping it obviously to my cleavage and then raising it back to my eyes. I was surprised with his obvious behaviour and maybe that was the reason I didn't move my eyes from his gaze. He looked at me directly for a moment longer, then again, just as obviously, moved his gaze to the front of Rashmi's top and let it linger there for a couple of seconds before bring it back to meet mine. This time I saw confidence in his eyes, like he had confirmed something. 

"So Babli," he suddenly said in that low sexy voice. "What do you think our chances are?"

There was no doubt in my mind what he was talking about.

"Chances?" I asked. "For what?"

"For us getting lucky today."

There was a brief silence after he said this. 

"It depends," I answered him.

"On what?" he asked immediately.

Rashmi looked at me, trying to follow our conversation. Neeraj also looked a little sceptical, trying to understand what was going on. He didn't want to lose our company and was probably cursing Ashmit's daring behaviour in his mind.

"On whether you can be trusted," I replied.

"Trusted? What do you mean?" he asked.

"You know, trusted, so that girls will come with you -- two strange young men."

He understood what I was trying to tell him. He had to convince us we would be safe. The light in his eyes also told me that I had gone farther than him by insinuating that we might go with them. He probably just had a make out session in the car in his mind when he talked about 'getting lucky'. 

"We are staying at the Golden Orchid," he said, naming one of the best hotels in the city. 

It was a high profile and respectable place. If they took us there and we wanted to leave, we probably could, he was trying to tell me. 

Then he shifted and reached a hand behind him, coming out with his wallet. He offered it to me.

"Do you want to see my driver's license?" he asked with a quirk of his lips.

I shrugged. There was no harm in it though I knew that their names or identities couldn't be held as tokens of trust. They could have fake ids and even if they were true, knowing their names and other details would hardly matter if things got sticky. As all these thoughts ran through my mind, I still wanted to see his license as it was just a step in this game and I wanted to see where it would take us.

He flipped it out and handed it to me. 'Ashmit Verma' it said. He was 27 years old and could legally drive two wheelers and lightweight four wheelers. He had a mole on his right cheek and one behind his left ear. 

I looked up to locate the mole on his right cheek.

He knew what I was doing. He turned his cheek towards me and pointed.

"Here?" he asked, pointing to a little area below where the mole was located.

"Move your hand up a little," I said, laughing.

He did and it came to rest on his mole. 
