 When I was an eighteen year old virgin I was seduced by Helen a fifty year old nurse who taught me everything I thought I could ever need to know about sex. We had sex several times a week at first, but then she told me that I should find girls of my own age, and she only let me see her every two or three weeks, which made our fucking wild affairs, as she wanted it as much as I did. This went on for some years, and I did go out with other girls, but never actually fucked them - it just seemed as though I was being unfaithful. 

One evening when I was twenty-four Helen rang me and invited me to come for a birthday dinner with her and to stay the night. I was looking forward to a night of steamy sex. When I knocked on her door it was opened by a girl I did not know who explained to me that Helen had asked her to come and that she had a letter for me. 

I opened it and I was amazed at what it said inside. "I have to work tonight. Jane will cook the meal for you, and you can stay as long as you like. I am sure she's still a virgin, so be gentle with her. I love you, and I'll be imagining what you are doing all night." 

I put the letter away and said to Jane "Well, Helen says you are a good cook, so we can have a nice meal together." 

I followed her into the kitchen and she busied herself with the cooking, so I could get a good look at her. 

She was medium height with ash blonde hair and a very neat figure. She was wearing a blouse and skirt that hinted at what was just underneath, as she moved the skirt pulled across a nice rounded ass. When she stretched up to the shelves, her breasts pushed against the material and were full and firm. She soon had the dinner ready, and we sat down to eat in the dining room lit by candles, drinking white and then red wine. Her face was not beautiful, but attractive with a full red lipped mouth and gray eyes.


She told me she was a nurse and worked with Helen; she had no boyfriend just now and seemed a little bit nervous. We took our coffee into the lounge, and I turned out most of the lights and invited her to sit beside me on the settee. I had poured a brandy and offered it to her and she sipped a little and then said 

"I mustn't drink too much I might lose control" 

"Would that matter?" I asked. 

She didn't answer, but drained the glass. As I looked at her I leaned over and gently brushed her lips with mine as she responded in the softest of ways.

"Helen told me that you are a perfect gentleman and I shouldn't be afraid of you." 

"And are you?" 

"I don't think so" 

Then I kissed her again. 

This time I pressed a little more firmly, and let the tip of my tongue brush her lips, then slid it forward into her mouth. She pulled away from me, gave me a long look, then put her hand behind my head and pulled me back. This time there was no hesitation, and soon our mouths were well open and our tongues darting in and out, and giving each other little bites. My arm was around her back and I slid my hand round to press the swell of her breast. 

I stopped kissing her and drew my face back, then slowly moved my hand onto her breast, and caressed and squeezed her, letting my fingers play across her nipple. She was only wearing a thin bra, and I could see her nipple pushing against her blouse. She saw me looking, and blushed, and I said, "I think your breasts would be even lovelier without clothes." 

And I unbuttoned her blouse; I pushed it down off her shoulders, and she leaned forward so I could take it off. 

Her breasts were pushing at the thin bra, and both her nipples showed clearly. I kissed her again while I held her breast, then started to kiss her down her neck and shoulders till I was kissing the swell of her breasts above the bra. 

"Will you take your bra off for me. I want you to show yourself to me."

I said to her. She didn't answer, but reached around and undid it and slowly pulled it away from her body.

"I was right, you are even lovelier without clothes" 

Her breasts were firm and just a little pointed, with a slightly raised aureole around her pink nipples, which were no longer firm.

"I think your nipples have gone to sleep; I'll try and wake them up" 

I stroked around her breasts, around the firm lower curve, then over the top. Then I leaned over and took one of her nipples into my mouth, sucking it in as far as I could, all the time tonguing it as hard as I could. I could feel her whole body shudder against me; and I drew back to see that her nipples were now firm and jutting. I pulled away from her, and started caressing her lower chest and slipped my fingers just into the waistband of her skirt and onto her belly. 

I wasn't kissing her now but looking into her lovely eyes, so then I took my hand out and as placed it on her knee I moved a little up her thigh. 

"Yes?" I asked. 

"I think so" She said. 

"Well, if you want me to stop any time, say so, and I promise I will" I replied. 

"I believe you" She answered. 

I moved my hand slowly up her leg under her skirt, sliding around onto the inside of her thigh. I caressed her there for some time, sliding up and down, till I finally touched her panties. When I cupped her sex and moved my fingers so that I could feel her slit. 

"Shall we go into the bedroom?" 

I asked her, she nodded yes. 

I turned on the small lights that Helen liked for our gentle loving and pulled back the bedclothes. She stood and watched me while I took off my shirt and then my jeans. I was wearing briefs and she looked at the swelling, but said nothing. Then I undid her skirt and it dropped to the ground as took her in my arms. Her body against me felt small and vulnerable but her breasts pressed against me and I pushed my hips against her. 

At the feel of my cock she pulled away a little then pushed back and I put my hand onto her arse and held her tight so she could feel my cock swelling.

"Please take your panties off then take mine off and after that please don't stop me" 

I said as I eventually pulled back from her.

She slid her panties to the floor but put her hand over her pussy. I stood there and waited and she eventually let her hand drop to show me a lovely blond silky haired bush so fair that her slit was clearly visible. 

"You really are blond then" 

I said and took her hands and put them on my waistband and she started to push it down but my cock was bigger.

"You'll have to take it out first" I said. 

So I put her hand inside my pants to make her take hold of me as she pulled the pants over my cock and slid them down my legs. 

"Well being a nurse you'll have seen plenty of these before" I remarked.

"Yes, but I've never seen a hard one" 

She said as I lay down on the bed.

"Come and say hello to cocky properly then"

I said with a smile across my face.

As I took her hand and pulled it to my cock I told her to stroke it gently. Her hands were small and smooth and as she stroked I started to grow again. 

"Put your hand round it and pull the foreskin right back" I said to her. 

She did as I asked and uncovered my shiny knob, which by now was really hard and had a little bead of cum on the end. 

"It's much bigger than I expected, I'm a bit scared of it" Jane said 

"Don't worry, your fanny is meant for babies to go through its not that big. He's really friendly, give him a kiss" 

She looked at me to see if I was joking then slowly bent over and brushed my knob with her lips. 

"I hope you'll want to kiss him more when you get to know him better, now I want to find out more about you"

I pulled her down on the bed and as we French kissed. As our tongues danced a tango my hands roamed over her breasts. I pulled away a little and started to stroke her belly all the time nearing her pubic area but as I started to brush her hair I moved out and caressed her hip and slid down the outside of her thigh to her knee. Around her knee and onto the inside of her thigh and then I moved up towards her pussy. The inside of her thigh was soft and velvety skin over the firm muscle below and at last my hand cupped her sex bulge. 

"Open for me, please?" I asked. 

She parted her legs and I started to caress her outer lips, moving from her pubis down nearly to her asshole then back again all the time sliding a little further in. At last I was under her hood and found her clitoris. As I started to rub it I realized it was very dry so I leaned over and let a little spittle drop onto it. This made it slippery but as I started to caress her I realized I was not getting a response and she was shivering a little. 

"I'm sorry John, I'm too scared to respond properly. Please put your cock in and break my hymen, then I think I'll be all right" She said trembling.

I moved my hand to her lips and found that she was dry there as well so I leaned over to the bedside table and took out the tube of KY jelly that Helen kept there for ass fucking. I squeezed some onto my fingers and spread it round her lips and then inside her cunt. I could soon feel her hymen blocking my way, with just a small hole that I could just slide a finger through. I gave the tube to Jane and told her to lubricate my cock and her hand sliding over me with the jelly really lit me up, and I was ready for action.

"Spread your legs very wide and pull your knees up darling. Then spread your fanny lips out wide with your fingers" 

She did as I asked. 

I knelt in front of her and bent forward so that my knob was just touching her lips. My hands were on either side of her so I was only touching at the one point. I leaned down and gently brushed her lips with mine and I could feel her trembling with fear as I started to slowly enter her. As I pushed into her virgin cunt I was soon stopped by her hymen so I pushed harder she gave a little scream and it was taken. I could now push the full length of me inside her. I stopped then and saw she was crying so I asked if she was all right. 

"Oh John it did hurt as you broke in but now I can feel your cock in me I can forget that and start to enjoy you, I'm not a virgin any more" 

"Ok, I'll move gently stop me if it hurts ok?" 

I started a long slow withdraw until I was right out. 

"Come back, I want you inside" She begged.

Once more my knob went into her and this time it stayed. I fucked her slowly then a little faster and she was making little whimpering noises. I have good control but I thought that she might get sore so I came to my climax quickly with long spurts of spunk deep into her. 

"God that felt wonderful inside me, was that a proper cum for you?" She asked.

"Yes, but it could last a lot longer" I answered. 

I knew she hadn't come so I took her hand and pushed it down onto her clit. 

"Go on, have one yourself" 

"I couldn't do that" 

"Of course you can" 

And as my cock lay quietly in her, she rubbed her clit until she very quickly started to shudder and cry out in pleasure; and I could feel through her cunt her little convulsions as she came; and she pulled me down so my full weight was on her. After a few minutes I drew away from her and as my cock slid out, I saw that there was blood mixed with the spunk coming from her cunt. 

"I think you had better wash before we get blood on Helen's bed" 

I said pulling her up and into my arms. 

As she stood there I slid my hand down to her cunt and brought my fingers up wet with the bloody spunk. I took her into the bathroom and sat her down on the stool in the shower parted her legs and bent down and licked her cunt. 

"That's disgusting, you can't drink that" 

"It's the first time I have drunk virgin's blood and I expect it will be the last. Now it's your turn" 

I stood up so that my cock was near her face. 

She leaned forward to lick my cock then took it into her mouth and sucked until all the juices were gone. I went to the bidet and filled it with warm water. 

"Go away while I wash" She said. 

"No I'm going to help you, there's nothing we can't watch each other do" 

She was reluctant as she straddled the bidet and soaped her hands and washed all the spunk and blood away. She was going to get up but I stopped her.

"You've missed a bit" I said and I soaped my fingers and put my hand right under her onto her cunt, then moved back until I came to her asshole. 

She tried to push me away but I stayed there and pressed into her. 

"Please don't do that it's not nice" 

"You mean it is nice, but you think it's wrong. Just relax, if you don't like it I won't do it again" 

I kept rubbing and pressing, and gradually she eased her muscles so my finger could slide in. I didn't stay long because the soap wasn't a very good lubricant.

"Now you are clean in all the important places" I said 

After that we showered together soaping and stroking each other then we dried off and went back to bed. 

"Now I'm going to kiss you properly all over" I said.

"Really all over?" She asked.

"Every little bit, I want to kiss you and lick you and bite you and put my tongue in every hole in your body, well, not your nostrils." 

Which made us both chuckle.

And that's just what I did. I started with her sweet mouth, kissing gently then hard, and with our tongues going mad. Then I started to kiss around her cheeks and neck before biting her earlobes and then popping my tongue in her ear made her jump back.

"That took me by surprise but I think I like it" she blurted out.

She certainly did, and I spent a long time biting and tonguing both ears. 

At last I moved down kissing her shoulders and then lifting her arm and kissing into her warm armpits. Then to her breasts first one, then the other kissing and sucking till her nipples were hard. I gave her several love bites round her nipples and told her she couldn't go topless for a day or two. I rolled her over and started to kiss her back stroking her with one hand, while the other stayed under her holding and squeezing her breasts. As I moved down her back sucking and biting into the soft convexity of her waist my hand came to her ass and I brought my other hand around so I could hold a lovely globe in each hand. 

I pulled her up so that she was on her knees with her ass spread and held her buttocks apart while I ran my tongue up and down her crack till at last I came close to her asshole. 

"You can't kiss me there" 

She said, but I took no notice. 

Her hole was a darker brown around the edge and I let my tongue brush it. She was saying no, and trying to pull away but I held her hips and pulled her back as I pushed my tongue firmly into her. She stopped fighting as I tongued her in and out and her ass eased enough for me to slide a finger in for a moment. 

Then I started to kiss the back of her thighs and went all the way down to her feet sucking at her toes, which made her giggle. Now she was on her back and I started the journey back till I got to her hips, where I moved to her pubes and took little bites in amongst the hair holding some in my teeth and pulling suddenly which made her jump. At last I got to her slit and I probed with my tongue till I found her clit. It was big, more like a baby boy's willy, and as I licked it hardened so that it was sticking out between her lips. I sucked on it and rubbed it hard with my tongue taking it between my teeth so that she squealed with surprise. 

While I was doing this, my fingers went to her cunt, and slid inside her lips. This time she was ready for me, and was wet with her juices. I slid two then three fingers inside then took them out and rubbed the juice into her asshole so I could slide a finger in there at the same time putting my tongue into her cunt. She spread her legs so that she was wide open and pushing forward so I could push my tongue far into her cunt and her wetness was running down over her ass. 

I pulled away and told her to kneel with her fanny over me so she could suck my cock while I licked her cunt. She took me into her mouth as far as she could pull my foreskin back and licking my knob. I had a huge erection again so I told her to turn around and sit on me. She knelt over me and guided my cock into her wet lips and she slid herself down the full length of me. 

"How does it feel now?" I asked her. 

"As though all my birthdays have come on the same day" 

"I want to see you masturbate, please" I begged her.

This time she didn't demur but started to rub her clit between her fingers. 

"Do you like my clit, it's a bit ugly isn't it?" She asked with a petted lip.

"It looks fine to me, I love the way it sticks out when it's hard" 

Then she started to rub quicker and she was squeezing and pulling her nipples at the same time till at last she came gasping and panting and I could feel the juice running out past my cock. Then I took her ass in my hands and started to lift her up and down on me till I decided it was time to move. So I told her to get off and kneel for me. Her lovely ass was open and the lips of her cunt were swollen and running liquid so I quickly tongued her ass and her cunt then came up and thrust my cock into her. 

I had never fucked a virgin before, and her cunt was amazingly tight but it felt like silk round my cock smooth, slippery, and hot. I had a hand around her so I could rub her clit at the same time and she soon came to climax again thrusting back against me. I knew I could go on for a long time so I pulled out and told her to stay kneeling while I got the KY jelly again. I spread it on her asshole and slid two fingers into her then I put some more jelly on my knob and brought it up to her hole. 

"No, it won't go in there" She said. 

"It's all right I'll just push against it and I'll stop if you ask me to" 

I pushed gently against her then back then forward again and I saw that her hole was easing so the tip was starting to go in. 

"Just relax your muscles it will make it easier" 

I said as I pushed again and saw the whole of the knob starting to go in and as I pushed it finally slid in. 

"God, that hurts, just stay still and let me get used to it" 

Her ass was so tight it was a bit painful for me too so I just moved a little and then she said that was enough for now so I pulled out. By now I was ready for final action so I rolled her over and guided her legs up over my shoulder. 

"I'm going to be a bit rougher this time, is that OK?" I asked. 

"I'll scream if it's too much" She grunted.

With that I brought my cock up to her cunt and thrust in hard then right out again and hard in. She was gasping but she didn't stop me so I carried on like that till I was getting close. Then I lowered my body onto her with all my weight and put my hands round her ass holding her tight and with two fingers pushed into her hole. I put my mouth on hers and thrust my tongue deeply inside while I slid up and down across her belly and breasts and thrusting into her till I came in great spasms shooting my spunk deep into her cunt. I buried my face down into her neck and I could feel her tears on my face. 

"That was wonderful, I never guessed it could be that good" She whimpered.

"So why are you crying?" I asked.

"Well, it hurt a bit too but mostly from pleasure" 

She said as a smile came across her lips.

I rolled away from her and said I thought a little sleep would be a good idea. I told her to turn away from me and I curled up behind her with one arm round her holding her breast. In a few minutes I was asleep and the next I knew the sun was shining in and we just hadn't moved. She was still asleep but the feel of her against me started to liven me up so I brought my half hard cock up between her legs put the other hand around and parted her lips and slid smoothly into her.

"This is a nice way to wake" 

She said now half awake.

We were lying together not moving when the bedroom door opened and Helen walked in. 
