 The club is dark, we meet that night at the bar. You are in a sexy little black dress, very tight and figure hugging, and we settle in for a few drinks to get to know each other.

"So I hear this place is a bit of a strip club after midnight, and it's 11.50 pm," I say looking down at my watch.

"I heard that, to be honest I just wanted one night, to see what it is like. I heard everyone just kinda lets go," you reply coyly.

We both raise a glass and toast to the night. The club is a busy mix, of guys and girls, with lots of tables and corridors. All leading into the back, where we are sure rooms await. We order another large drink and take a sip, a girl comes over. She whispers something to you, and looks up and smiles, before walking off.

"What happened?", I ask. You smile, "She said she wants to lick my tits, while her boyfriend fucks her."

I laugh nervously, "Really?"

"Really," you say calmly, "I'm thinking it might be fun. Do you want to watch?"

I take a big gulp of the tequila, "Well a chance to see your tits is something I can't imagine missing."

You smile and then stand, reaching out a hand and telling me, "Come on then, room 3."

We walk together to a room at the side with the number 3 on the door. You knock, and the door opens a little, the girl is there smiling.

"Come on in," she says opening the door.

"Do you mind if my friend joins us?" you ask, she giggles.

"Oh not at all," she beams back.

The room is quite dark, with a bed in the middle and a couple of chairs. The girl's boyfriend is in one chair, pouring champagne into a set of glasses on a small coffee table. He sees me and then pulls out a fourth to fill.

"Oh great, you made it!" he says.

"Oh you are happy I made it then?" you say cheekily.

"Very happy, you heard what I want?" he replies.

Your kinky smile appears. "Why don't you bring that champagne to me and whisper in my ear what you want?" you say in such a sexy voice.

He comes up next to you, hands you the glass, and I can just make out his voice, low in your ear.

"Well my darling, I want to have you sit on a chair and watch my girlfriend suck my cock while you enjoy this champagne. Then I'm hoping you'll let her bend over and pull that dress down enough to suck on your lovely looking tits, and nipples while I fuck her and watching your tits glistening will no doubt make me cum nice and hard in her pussy".

While he describes it you are smiling, biting your lip. You turn and whisper back, "Sounds lovely lets do it."

You turn and sit on the chair. I move over to the other one, and pick up my champagne. In the middle of the chairs, the guys stands, his eyes fixed on you.

The view is impressive. Your tight dress showing your pert tits and its high hem showing off your silky smooth legs. His girlfriend is kissing his neck, her hand running up and down his chest, unbuttoning his shirt and running over his naked skin underneath. You are watching her moving over him as she is bending closer and licking his nipples, her hand now rubbing on his jeans over the bulge that is slowly growing. You can feel his eyes running over your tits and body, watching you, and you can't help but tease a little. Running your fingers over the material covering your tits and your tummy, then running a finger up and down your thigh. You can hear the kissing running over his tummy, his girlfriend unbuttons his jeans. She is wearing a red dress, tight over her body but long over her legs. You can see her stockings over her tights. You watch her bend over, her dress lifting up as she pulls down her boyfriends jeans and boxers. He steps out of them and then you see his big cock, at least 11″ and very hard. His girlfriend's hand is running over it. She spits on it to make it wet, stroking it slowly.

"Now that is a nice cock, you are a lucky girl," you tell the her.

She turns to you smiling, "Oh I like that you like it!"

"Tell me how it tastes," you tell her.

Without a pause, she kneels and pulls his cock close sucking it slowly and pushing it deep in her mouth. Her boyfriend starts moaning with pleasure.

"Oh babe, that's good!" he says, his voice low.

You smile watching his face, his eyes closed for a moment, then looking down to see his cock deep in his girlfriends mouth.

"That mouth must be good?" you ask.

Your hands now running slowly in circles over your breasts through the material of your dress.

"Oh it is so fucking good, and I love fucking it!" he replies opening his eyes fixing them on your breasts.

"You want to see my tits while you fuck her mouth?" you ask in a low and sexy voice.

He flinches with excitement.

"Oh yes, been thinking about them since I saw you in the bar," he replies excitedly.

You lean back on the chair, your hands cupping your tits through the dress then slowly move over to pull down a strap. As you move you are watching his cock sliding in and out of his girlfriend's mouth and feeling his eyes on you. She pulls his cock out and starts sucking his balls, pumping his cock with her hand. You can see it glistening wet and hard in her hand. You slowly lick two fingers and then run them down your neck, pausing as they reach corner of material over your breasts. Then you slowly lower it. Teasing him, and watching his eyes fixed, excited to see more of your beautiful breasts. You watch as he waits to see your nipple, which you can already feel it hard under the material.

"So you have been thinking about my tits in the bar, and now thinking about them while you fuck your girlfriend's mouth," you tease.

The material now level with the edge of your nipple.

"Oh yes!" he moans.

His girlfriend returns his rock hard cock to her mouth and sucks him, the noise of her mouth trying to pull the cum from his cock filling your ears.

"You want your girlfriend to suck on them for me," you ask as you pull the edge of material down enough to show you hard nipple.

He responds by pushing his cock harder into her mouth.

"You want her to make them nice and wet for me, while you fuck her pussy," you tease.

"I want to hear her pussy squelching with juices while you fuck her. And then you can watch my tits get wet with her spit. She can suck them, make me nice and turned on for the next room", you continue.

He is shaking a little with excitement as you pull the other strap off, and then pull the material down exposing both your pert tits to him.

"Bend her over for me, I want her spit all over them, and I want to see her panties around her ankles and your lovely cock fucking her!" you order him.

Without a pause she is pulled around to face you, her spit and his precum all over her cheek and chin. He lifts her dress over her ass, pulling her g-string down. You see it fall to her ankles and she bends forward.

She puts her hands on the arms of the chair you are in, and you see her boyfriend kneel behind her, his tongue now buried in her ass, licking and sucking. Her legs apart and him stroking his cock, his spit and her juices trickling down her leg. Facing you her eyes are closed, moaning as she leans over you. You feel a drip of her spit fall onto your bare breasts and slowly circle the moistness to your nipple. Her eyes open and you can see how excited she is with her pussy and ass being licked. Finally you feel her tongue licking the side of your breast, her breath heavy and warm on your skin.

You moan as her tongue reaches your tits and you feel the warmth of her spit and smell his cock on her breath.

"Suck them for me, lick them and bite the nipples," you moan.

You look up to see her boyfriend standing now watching excitedly and then you feel her moan and suck your whole right nipple in her mouth as he pushes his cock into her pussy. You feel her pushed against you as he builds up his pace. She moves her head to the side, laying a little on you, her tongue flicking up and down on your nipple and letting her boyfriend get a full view while he pounds her pussy, pushing her face against you in waves.

You look down, your hand now squeezing your breast and order her to spit on both your nipples as you let her lick and suck one, you rub the spit into the other.

Looking up you smile, enjoying his gaze fixed on your erect nipples. The noise of her pussy, dripping wet and being fucked, fills the room, you cup and squeeze your breasts watching him fuck her and feeling her mouth all over your tits. Your tits are now glistening and pert, and you can see the guy is getting close to losing control as he enjoys his girlfriend's pussy and the view of you.

"Fill up her pussy, fuck your girlfriend really good for me!", you command. "I want to hear you cum hard in her."

The girl is sucking hard and you can't help but reach under and pull her tits free, cupping and stroking them while she sucks on yours.

"I'm going to cum in her pussy for you," the guy moans.

You look up, you can feel your own pussy soaking now, your nipples hard.

"Do it for me babe, fuck her hard and fill her up with cum, I want to watch it drip out of her," you say.

Talking dirty brings him to new heights, as he drives his cock in hard. The girl yelps and his body shakes as his thick white cum squirts inside her. The girl moans and buries her face in your tits, you cup them around her as the guy moans and jerks before arching his back and then stepping back from her. She straightens up, shaking and sits on the corner of the bed.

"Oh god, thank you!" she moans.

Her boyfriend falls on the bed next to her.

"Oh he did you good then?" you ask smiling, pulling your dress over your still erect nipples. She leans back, opening her legs, and you see the thick white of his cum drip from her pussy.

"Oh so good," she says pushing a finger between the lips of her pussy and rubbing the cum over her clit.

She lifts her finger up and licks the white goo off.

"Mmmm I can't wait for more of that later", she moans and falls back on the bed.

You pick up your glass and turn to me, "Enjoy that?" you ask.

You can see that I had been rubbing my cock throughout.

"Oh god yes!" I reply as you pick up your glass.

"Let's find another room," you say excitedly.

You kiss the girl on the cheek as she lays there and we head back to the bar. We order two tequila shots -- and down them quickly.

"That was amazing," I say, still spinning a little from the events in the room.

"I liked that," you reply, ordering another shot.

"Her mouth was so nice and wet and warm and I loved that cock, such a nice size," you tell me giggling.

"God I love hearing you talk like that," I say, suddenly blushing as I realize what I'm saying.

You laugh, "You like me talking about cock then?" you ask, "Dont be shy its OK," you add as we pick up the drinks.

"Cheers," I say and we down the shot then return to sipping the champagne.

"You liked watching that girl getting fucked I bet," you say after a moment.

"You bet," I reply.

"I liked seeing his cock fuck her mouth as well," you add.

I laugh, "Me too".

"She looked like she knows how to suck cock," I add excitedly.

You giggle, "Yeah I thought that too. She was taking it deep, spitting on it and it was so wet. I bet her mouth felt amazing and I'm sure he tasted fucking good too," you continue.

"Well he fucked her really well, loved that cum running down her thigh," I added.

You smile then lick your lips, looking around the room.

"I think I want some cum after all that," you say.

"Really?", I asked, "Do tell."

"Well I think I want to have a nice big cock in my mouth, and I want you to watch me take it all and you can ask the guy if I'm good?", you giggle cheekily.

"Damn you are just teasing now?" I say.

"No I'm not. Take me to the men's bathroom. I want to get on my knees and suck a cock while you watch me. I want to be a slut with a stranger and get a mouthful of his cum." you tell me in a low voice with a sexy smile.

You pick up your glass and take my hand and lead me to the men's bathroom. Pushing the door open we see an older guy washing his hands. Without a pause you walk up to the sink and sit up on them looking at him up and down.

"My friend here wants to watch me get a mouthful of cum and I was wondering if you would mind feeding this dirty mouth with your cock", you say straight to him.

The guy laughs, "Oh fuck yes!" he says.

"But you need to tell him how I feel as I suck you, ok?" you add.

He nods smiling, and you jump down. He lifts himself onto the counter by the sink and you pull down his pants and boxers, revealing his semi hard cock.

You look up at him licking your lips and reaching down wrapping your fingers around his cock, then you slowly dribble spit onto the tip of his cock and start rubbing it up and down.

"You like that?" you ask. He moans a little.

"You know I like older men's cocks," you add.

"Oh you do?" he asks, his voice quivering a little.

"Oh yes. They taste better and feel better to ride and fuck. And I love that thick cum in my mouth. Do you think you can unload some in my mouth? You think you can feed me?" Your dirty talking making him harder and harder in your hand.

You move closer, and then start slowly licking the tip of his cock, while I stand behind you rubbing my cock through my pants. Watching you in the bathroom mirror. Your tongue licks over his tip, and then slowly you lower your mouth over his cock. You look up in the mirror seeing me and wink. Then you slowly lift your dress up over your ass, I can see your black g-string and your beautiful smooth ass.

The guy is moaning as you start sucking him a little harder, then you slow a little.

"I don't hear all that dirty talking that is earning you a world class blowjob. Tell me how it feels. You behind me. I want a tongue on my ass and then you can tell me how my pussy tastes!" you order us.

Then as your mouth lands back around that thick cock in your hand the guy starts moaning.

"Fuck she is so good -- warm wet and tight".

I move up and pull your g-string down and I start licking your ass cheeks then bury my tongue into your ass, licking and sucking around it.

"Fuck that mouth, I want to fuck it hard slut," he continues.

I look up to see his hands on your head, holding it while he pushes his cock in and out of your mouth harder and faster. I reach down spitting on your ass and pussy and licking it, tasting how wet and strong the flavor of your pussy is, feeling how excited you are getting from that strangers cock in your mouth.

I reach down and pull my cock out, I can't help myself but push it into your soaking wet pussy. You moan as it slides into you and the guy looks up at me fucking you.

"Yes that's it mate, fuck her pussy," he starts.

I hear you moaning more as you feel my hard cock in your pussy and his big cock in your mouth. The slurping sounds fill the bathroom, the slapping of my balls on you. You look up in the mirror, looking at me in the mirror my jeans around my ankles and fucking you, slapping you ass.

"How's that mouth?" I ask.

The guy smiles, "Oh so fucking good, world-class blowjob."

You pull the cock out of your mouth and spit on it, pumping it hard. The guy starts shaking.

"Well then if this is my night I better make sure I empty his balls into my mouth, and then the two guys behind you can unload on my tits and face. You can have my pussy all to yourself," you tell me.

You look in the mirror and wink at me again, and I turn to see two other guys behind me, trousers down stroking their cocks. I turn back and say, "I want to see you make the most of those cocks then."

Slapping you ass and pulling your cheeks apart as I push my cock in, you cup and squeeze the old guy's balls, sucking him so hard.

"Get ready for a nice hot load of cum you slut!" he moans as you suck harder.

I push myself deep as I watch in the mirror. Your eyes open and you look up at the guy , he starts to shake, then I watch him push his cock into your mouth and jerk. Like a pro your mouth stays wrapped around his cock, taking every drop.

"Look at that, lovely little slut takes it all," one of the guys behind me says impressed.

You slowly lift your mouth off his cock, careful not to spill any and then while my cock slides in and out of your pussy, you look up at him. Opening your mouth in front of him, positioning it so everyone in the room can see all the thick cum in your mouth. You hold your tongue out with showing the cream coating and lean back while, I'm still fucking you and pull the straps of your dress off letting it fall before pulling them down over your tits.

Looking at the guy in front of you and cupping your tits you swallow slowly then open your mouth to him to show it is all gone.

"That tasted lovely," you say licking your lips.

"I love a mouthful of cum. Now I want to be on my back so put some of your clothes on the floor. Then I want those two fresh cocks in my mouth while I get fucked nice and slow," you say, then turn to the first guy again.

"You can start getting yourself hard again. I want three fresh loads on me, my friend here can add his load and I'll be happy knowing I got my night in!"

Quickly we all strip throwing our clothes on the floor then you strip and lay down. I get between your legs and start eating your pussy where my cock had just been. The two new guys sit either side of your head, I watch you take one cock after another, sucking and licking them in turns while they play with your tits.

The guy who just came stands at the side and already his cock is getting harder.

Your pussy tastes amazing, fresh and hot, spicy from the excitement. All we hear is the noise of you sucking hard cocks, and guys moaning over you. The guy who was standing is suddenly on his knees, sucking and licking your tits. I sit up and push my cock back in your pussy. It is so hot, your nipples are hard and tits getting wetter,as he sucks and licks them. Your hand on the back of his head egging him on to lick and suck you more. Your other hand guiding one cock then the other into your mouth.

Your eyes open from time to time to look at each of the cocks. Licking your lips and watching the guys tongue on your tits, and then looking up to me seeing me moaning with each push into your pussy.

After a few minutes of sucking one of the guys starts to moan harder and louder, you take his cock in your mouth, sucking it as only you know how.

"Fuck that is so good, fucking suck me you are the best," he moans.

Then you pull his cock out at the perfect moment, pushing the tip against your lips and pumpingthe length of it. A thick white stream of cum flashes over your lips and your cheek before dribbling over down your neck.

"Oh good boy, you taste so yummy," you tell him.

Then you start sucking him gently and lick his cock clean while we all watch.

"Damn that was so nice, now I want more cum on me," you say turning to the cock next to you, pulling it deep into your mouth.

I rock my cock in and out of your pussy as I watch you suck greedily on the second cock. The cum still trickling down your cheek and chin. The guy sucking your tits suddenly sits up and starts rubbing his cock faster and faster leaning over your chest.

You pull the cock out of your mouth, holding it with one hand and pumping it. You reach to the guy jerking over your chest and cup his balls.

"That's it babe!" you say looking up and him.

Stroking his balls while he pumps his cock.

"Let me have it, you want to, don't you?" you continue.

"You want to smother my tits with your second load, your first one tasted so nice babe, so nice. I'll have that taste with me when I'm getting a third load. You cum all over my tits, rub it in while you watch me take another one in my mouth," you tease.

He starts shaking and then a stream of cum splashes over your tits. You squeeze his balls to empty them over your tits.
