 "Come in, Ken," Randolph said as he answered the door.

"Monique is upstairs getting ready, but I have cold beer out back." he said as he motioned to the back of the house.

This was the first time Ken had visited their apartment. It was a small place, but large enough and seemed comfortable. The kids were gone for the weekend and it was the adult's turn to have a little fun. We had known Ken for several years since he delivered regularly to the company we worked for and over this time had become fairly familiar. We shared our love for our children which were close to the same ages, we all liked to cut loose on weekends, and we loved to smoke a little herb whenever possible. So we all had been looking forward to his first visit to the home where we could all let down our guards and just have a great time.

After Randolph poured two glasses of beer from the mini-keg, Monique came downstairs. Ken's jaw struck the floor. She had on blue jeans and a t-shirt that in certain light was almost transparent showing the hint of the lacy bra beneath. Ken had always seen her at work and she was quite a bit more conservative in public, but tonight was an intimate gathering of friends and therefore she was dressed appropriately.

"Well hello Ken," Monique said as she greeted him with a hug. 

"I have been looking forward to you coming over." she whispered as they hugged. She was purposely pressing her large breasts against him and I could see the glint in her eye. I knew this would be one fun night.

"You look..... you look amazing...." Ken finally utters as he takes a seat at the pub table noticeably trying to hide the bulge that was forming in his pants.

"Why thank you baby, I hoped you would like seeing me in regular clothes." she said confident that he did indeed like her in whatever clothes she was wearing or not wearing for that matter.

Monique and I joined Ken at the table, and as there were cards there already we naturally began shuffling.

"Guess we are playing strip poker?" Ken asked jokingly but hoping secretly that the answer would be yes.

"Now Ken, you would not want to see me naked now would you?" Monique asked flirtatiously as she squeezed his knee under the table.

Ken's face flushed red as his bulge grew from her contact with him under the table. Although brief, it had started his blood boiling. From that point forward, he would hang on her every word.

"Well, if you two will excuse me for just a moment." Randolph said as he arose from the table and gestured towards the bathroom.

"OK, honey. Guess I will try to keep Ken entertained while you are gone, but you better not take too long." she said jokingly, "On second thought, take your time honey." she finished looking at Ken and smiling.

As I entered the bathroom, I heard Monique's say something I could not quite make out. I heard the chair slide across the floor and then silence. As I had drunk quite a few glasses of draft, it took me several minutes to relieve myself, wash my hands and rejoin Monique and Ken.

As I opened the restroom door, I heard shuffling coming from the back and as I entered, Monique was adjusting her hair and Ken looked up at me and looked back down. Then I noticed the huge bulge in his pants and his fly was only half zipped up. I casually took my seat and winked at Monique. I had no idea what had taken place in my absence, but both of them seemed excited and acted as if they had the secret to life and they were dying to tell me about it.

"Let me refill that glass for you," I said as I reached across the table and retrieved his half empty glass. 

"What kind of host would I be if I let your glass get empty?" I took all our glasses to the kitchen to top them off at the mini-keg when Monique came in and joined me.

"Honey, I think Ken is going to have a lot of fun tonight." she said to me in a lowered tone so that Ken could not overhear.

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

She approached me and grasped my crotch in her hand and then leaned in and whispered to me. "Because, I have already had his cock in my mouth and I am so wet." My cock started to get hard immediately. She always turned me on when she was in one of her 'dirty' moods.

She then turned with her and Ken's glass and returned to our company. I watched her walk over to Ken and sat his glass in front of him on the pub table. Her finger slowly traced back from his glass to his hand and then gingerly walked up his arm to his shoulder.

"These bras, I hate them. Ken will you be a doll and unhook me?" Monique said knowing that at this point Ken would do anything that she asked. She raised her shirt above her breasts while still facing him and then turned facing me and gave me a wink. It seemed to take Ken a few seconds to negotiate the clasps but when he did, she turned to face him and removed her bra. Her huge breasts now displayed prominently in his face. Her huge nipples hard from knowing that Ken was not only horny but ready to blow already. She slowly lowered her shirt back down and took her seat. I returned to my seat and smiled at Ken who was finding it hard to make eye contact with me since my wife had given him a raging hard on only moments before.

At this point, my cock also needed some attention. Almost sensing it, I felt Monique's hand caress my crotch under the table. I also saw the expression change on Ken's face and I knew that he was getting very similar treatment from her left hand.

As Ken and I tried to make small talk, it was obvious that we were both thinking of only one thing, taking Monique to bed.

As if on queue, Monique asked if we were going to play strip poker after all. Ken looked at me shaking his head yes and shrugging his shoulders as if to ask me if that was ok. I nodded and Monique began to deal out three hands onto the pub table.

"Let's make this interesting. I am so sure that I will beat you two that I will spot you the clothes I am wearing. If I win, you each have to get naked, but if either of you win, and since I will be naked already...." she said as she pulled her shirt up and over her head displaying her lovely breasts to both of us, "then I will do anything you ask of me..... Anything....." she added extra emphasis on the last word to insure we understood her meaning clearly. We did, crystal clear. 

"That is fine with me babe." I say as she stands and removes her jeans leaving only a G-String. As she removed it, she turned so that her ass would be right in front of our company. I could see Ken as his eyes got bigger; I knew that he was imagining feeling those beautiful cheeks wrapped around his throbbing cock.

With a playful eye glance, we each sized up the other while we were sorting our hands. Monique only took one card, Ken followed by taking two, and myself needing three. We each took our cards and spent a few moments nervously arranging our hands. Monique finished with a pair of deuces. Ken and I both were holding a pair of Queens. Since there was no clear winner, Monique volunteered, "Oh, well I guess I have to do what both of you want then..." she said with a devious smile on her face.

I took this as my queue to get the night started with our real intent for inviting him over tonight.

"Well, Ken. I don't know about you, but I need a little of that." I said as I playfully smacked Monique's naked ass cheeks.

"Uh..... No, by all means.... I don't want to be....... Maybe I should go......" Ken said not knowing if his welcome was wearing thin.

At that moment, Monique sat on my lap and I felt my cock dive deep into her. She tapped her hand on the chair she was sitting in previously as if to motion Ken to move seats. As he arose and moved into her seat, she unbuckled and unzipped his pants and they came falling to the floor around his ankles. She grasped his man meat with both hands and drove it deep within her loving lips. As she sucked his cock, she would rock back onto my cock forcing it ever deeper with each stroke. I could feel her rocking back and forth between my cock and his. A rhythm was established and each time she forced his cock deeper into her mouth, I could feel her pussy tighten in orgasm around my bulging cock.

"OH, Baby. Your cock feels so good. Fuck that pussy baby. oh yes." she uttered between her activities.

"Ken, I want to suck your cock and I want you to come all over my tits, can you do that for me baby?" she asked as she looked up with those brown doe eyes.

Just then, Ken tensed up and as if she could read his mind, she aimed his cock at her breasts and was rewarded with a large load of warm cum. At the same moment, I felt her pussy tighten onto my cock and my load was deposited deep inside her. Once Ken's load was fully released, she began to slowly lick from his balls, up his shaft to the head and then would engulf his entire cock into her lovely mouth. It was only a moment before his cock was hard again and looking for more. 

She arose from my lap and reversed her direction. She sat on Ken's lap and carefully inserted his swollen hard again cock inside her pussy. Ken must have truly enjoyed the feeling of her tight pussy lips as they clamped onto this strange cock. Once she was settled, she began to lick my cock clean of the cum and her wetness that remained from only moments before. It did not take long before I was hard again and bucking into her as she sucked my cock.

Both of us having released once, seemed to have quite a bit more staying power. Seeing that the second time would not be quite as easy for her, she rose and straddled Ken facing him and reinserted his cock deep between the folds of her pussy. Then she looked over her shoulder at me.

"I want you in my ass baby. I want Ken to fuck my pussy while you fuck my ass. Fuck me baby. Fuck me hard...." she said as her voice began to trail off and she clenched for an enormous orgasm upon Ken's cock. As she released, I applied a little oil to my cock and slowly inserted it into her asshole. She was so tight, my cock straining to enter as her sphincter pulled my foreskin tight until I was fully inside. As she rocked now between the both of us, I could feel Ken's huge cock in her pussy with each thrust I made into her ass. I was so turned on that after several minutes I emptied my second load into her. I then staggered over to my seat to rest and observe the rest of the 'show'.

"Now it is just you baby. I want to feel you fuck me hard. Make this pussy yours baby........ Oh god yes!!!" she exclaimed as Ken began to be more forceful. Up until now, he had been so guarded and gentle. But now, he was fucking her as hard as any man could and she was enjoying one orgasm after another.

"Oh, your cock is so fucking big. Do you like this pussy? You want to fuck me good don't you? Make me scream your name baby...... Oh god Yes, I am cumming again!!!" she screams now as her orgasm overtakes her body and she begins to convulse with pleasure. Ken stands and forces her over the pub table as he enters from behind. His cock darting from her pussy and then into her asshole and back. With each thrust, she grunts with pleasure. 

"That's it baby, fuck that pussy. Oh Randolph, he is fucking me sooooo good. You like watching another man fuck me don't you? Fucking turn you on baby? Oh, it feels so fucking good ... Oh god..... I am going to........" her voice dies off as she climaxes once more. Ken hastens his attack and is now thrusting his cock deep into her pussy over and over again. His fingers sink into her ass cheeks as he pushes ever harder to sink his cock into this wanton pussy. 

"Oh yeah, I am going to cum..... oh god yes," Ken says as he pulls his engorged cock from the warm caress of Monique's pussy. Monique immediately hopped off the pub table and went to her knees in front of him and took his entire cock to her mouth. She allowed him to cum at will into her waiting mouth. Once he was done and she had licked and cleaned him up we retired to the living room to smoke a joint and relax.

Now we invite friends over whenever we can...