 We'd been sitting in the restaurant for all of ten minutes when I knew our dinner would be a quick one. We'd already made love before we left the hotel room but I could feel his eyes on me again and cheekiness in the way he smiled. David's leg began to tease mine under the table when the waitress approached. 

She was young, French and beautiful. There was a youthful playfulness about her as she introduced herself with excellent English. I grinned at David as his eyes wandered to her cleavage and told me how hungry he was. We ordered wine and a festive plateau de fruits de mer, a glistening and briny- assortment of fresh shellfish, or fruits of the sea. I knew we were supposed to be holidaying to celebrate our anniversary, but I couldn't help but think it had turned into some sort of sordid sex romp - we'd hardly left our room. 

"Are you staying with us long?" 

The waitress gave me a long measuring look through her dark lashes. I could feel her eyes on me. 

"We've been here a few days, but mostly ordered in. It's our anniversary.... Juliette" 

I answered as I read her name badge. 

"Ah... lucky man", she cheekily replied, as she scrawled on her notepad. We smiled and David squeezed my hand under the table. 

"There are so many wonderful things to see here in Paris," I scoffed. 

"We really should get out more and take in some history," I teased, secretly knowing that there was nothing either of us wanted to do other than drink our wine, enjoy the lobster and get back to bed. 

"What would you recommend we do with only a couple of days left?" I asked Juliette. 

"Well...." she began, looking over the two of us "The Eiffel tower... is nice... but touristy. You really must see the view from the Pont Alexandre III looking toward the Louvre. It's quite spectacular." 

She eyed us over and followed with, "You should drive out to the Fontainebleau in the countryside. It's very romantic with vast gardens and there's a forest nearby, if you like to... you know... spend time in the woods?" 

With that, she winked at me and walked off. David watched her ass as she left. 

"Well she's quite saucy eh?" 

I laughed and clinked my wine glass with David's. He was eyeing me with confusion, not knowing whether she was being very polite and sassy or if she was actually flirting with me. Either way, he smiled and seemed to enjoy the attention. We'd finished a bottle of Mongravey Margaux Bordeaux red well before any food arrived. 

"Shall we order another?"

he asked. 

"Do you even have to ask?"

We talked and talked and laughed and drank. I leaned over the table and planted a passionate kiss on his mouth. He opened his mouth and I could feel his tongue gently lick my lip. I cupped his face in my hand and told him he'd be in trouble when I got him back to our room. 

"I'll be right back", I whispered and headed for the ladies room just as our entrée arrived. My mind was racing with the expectation of what I would do to David when I got him back to our room, or even if I had to wait....? I wondered whether I could get away with ducking my head underneath the table and taking his cock in my mouth without being noticed by the staff. I pondered whether I'd even care if the staff or anyone in the whole restaurant actually noticed, as I didn't care I was so horny. I used the bathroom and noticed how wet my pussy was getting.

I was poised over the vanity staring at the mirror with a lipstick in my hand, when I saw Juliette enter the bathroom. She smiled at me and walked right over. 

"How is your Soufflé au fromage?"

She quipped at me. I put the lipstick away without using it. I hesitated. 

Why was my heart beating so fast? 

"Well if there's any left when I get back to the table I'll let you know..." I laughed. 

I was trying to ignore the blush radiating from my cheeks when Juliette turned her back on me and asked, 

"Would you?"

She motioned to the back of her dress. 

"Here, let me help you"

I reached behind her and unzipped her dress. It was a tight black uniform. She slipped out of it effortlessly and stood there in her cotton underwear, reaching into her bag for her jeans.

"So, I guess you've finished for the night and can have a drink now?"

I asked her. 

I tried to convince myself that the blush was caused by too much wine and not the fact that I couldn't tear my eyes from her perfect body, wondering what she looked like in the shower. Wondering what she looked like out of her bra, wondering what she sounded like when she orgasmed. 

"Yes! Although sometimes, I'd prefer to stay working when I get to look after such women like you", she whispered with her thick French accent as she flicked her long dark hair and pulled herself into her denim. She reached for her purse. 

"Here, try this instead...It's raspberry flavored,"

and she pulled out her lip gloss for me. I transfixed on her exquisite green eyes as she oozed the gloss onto her finger and told me to pout. Her fingers moved slowly over my lips, and I could feel her breath on my neck. I gave up wondering whether all French women were this friendly and embraced the fact that she was definitely flirting with me. Her touch promised incredible things. 

And I was enjoying it. 

Time to concentrate, I told myself. My mind raced to David waiting for me at our table. We were in Paris. The city of romance, and I was suddenly conscious of the incredible woman standing in front of me, half naked and clearly interested in more than just my lip gloss. 

'Well, I'll leave you to finish changing..." 

I rushed at her nervously and ran out the door. I was conscious of how moist I was between my legs and convinced myself it was warm... 

"You were right Dave. She's definitely flirting with me."

David's eyes gleamed with a cheeky smile and simply said, "Well who could blame her? The girl's got taste," he laughed and filled my glass. 

The next hour flew by. We laughed a lot, and continued our sexually loaded conversation about what we intended to do to each other when we got back to the room, what we loved most about each others bodies.... 

The brief encounter with Juliette in the bathroom was on my mind, and I was getting hornier by the minute. David's eyes gleamed at the size of the lobster, and I warned him to leave some for me. He broke open the shell as he asked me if I remembered the last time I slept with a woman. I cast my mind back – It had been a very long time. We were pretty drunk at the time but we both agreed that it was an experience we wanted to share. I had insisted that we had to pay someone we didn't know – I figured it was the only way there would be no jealousy. 

I admit, it was strange to watch my lover fuck another woman, but I found it extremely sexy and erotic. I remembered feeling her sucking him beneath me as he kissed me urgently. It was wild night. And one that I never thought we'd repeat. A rush of sexual energy hit my pussy - I shifted in my chair and gave David the look which said that we had to leave the restaurant really soon. I always had a wild side, and I was sure that no-one would even notice if I dragged David under the table for a quick fuck before dessert. 

I leaned over and placed my hand on his crotch. I could feel it, swollen and pressing hard through his pants. I longed to feel it in my mouth, in my pussy. 

"I remember watching you lick that woman. It was the hottest thing I've ever seen," Dave grinned at me. 

"You wanna see if I've still got what it takes?" I cheekily spat at him. 

I was getting tipsy by now and extremely horny. All my husband had to do was say the word and I would gladly stick my tongue down the throat of that gorgeous Juliette waitress, knowing that it would make him even hornier and then I could take advantage of his hard cock afterwards. He smiled at me and leaned in and planted a huge wet passionate kiss on my mouth. I could feel his hunger for me and decided to skip dessert. 

"I have an idea. Why don't you go outside and have one last cigarette before I take you to bed. I'll pay the bill and see you back here in 5 mins?" 

With that Dave kissed me and walked outside into the cool air. 

Five mins later we were arm in arm heading for the elevator. The doors opened and we stepped inside. The doors hadn't even closed, and he had forced me against the wall and stuck his tongue in my mouth. I was immediately hit with a pulsating throbbing between my legs as he worked his way down my neck and thrust his hand up my skirt. 

"Oooh you're dripping wet," he shuddered and forced a finger inside me as I threw my head back in ecstasy. 

"I've been wanting you to do that for hours," I growled. I was suddenly unaware that we were only riding about 5 floors up but I was insatiable for him as I violently grabbed at his pants and unzipped his throbbing cock from within. It was so hard and pleased to see me. I desperately longed to have it in my mouth but instead was sure the elevator was about to stop any second. As it did stop, Dave stepped in front of me and I stood behind him as another couple entered the elevator. I was sure they were aware that my husband had his hand behind his back, down the top of my skirt and was toying with my clitoris but I didn't care. In fact, the thought of being watched at the moment was enticing and sexy. I'd always been voyeuristic and the thought of being the subject of another couple's fantasies was just making me enjoy it even more. I was desperate to get back to our room. I gripped Dave's muscles on his arm and panted softly in his ear as I grew wetter by the second. 

After fumbling with his keys, we eventually made it through the door with locked lips and a deep desire to fuck each other senseless. I pushed him onto the end of the bed and ripped off his shirt. He looked at me in a way that was animalistic and raw. I knew he would fuck me deeply tonight, and I'd love every single minute of it. He was sitting on the end of the bed as I knelt in front of him and grabbed at him urgently, forcing his cock into my mouth. 

With my other hand I tried to force him to lie down and relax and enjoy it but he wanted to sit up and watch me. He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me up and down on his hard throbbing cock. I sucked it hard, licking the head and tasting his precum juices. I grabbed at his balls and violently licked at them, before thrusting his cock deep into my throat. I was dripping wet and desperate to be fucked. Dave knew, and without a word ripped my skirt from my body. The material tore into two pieces as he threw it to the ground and reached behind me, unhooking my bra with one hand and grabbing at my breast with the other. He tasted so good, and I couldn't get enough. His body was shaking, and I could feel how hard he was in my mouth. I sucked him urgently, dripping my saliva all over his balls as he laid back and closed his eyes. He didn't even hear the door click open. 

Juliette had arrived, right on time. She had undressed before we even knew she was there and knelt behind me. I was so horny that I didn't even bother to greet her. I didn't have to. I kept Dave's cock in my mouth and kept sucking. She knelt on the ground behind me and began to kiss my neck and down my back. 

When Dave realized she was there he flinched, then smiled, surprised he'd not suspected my plan. He transfixed his eyes on her perfect naked body, and gleamed at the sight of us both naked together. 

I continued to pleasure David as Juliette ran her fingers down my back and entered my pussy from behind. It was the sexiest feeling in the world to be finger fucked whilst I had Dave's cock deep down the back of my throat. I arched forward and opened myself up to her, begging her to enter me deeper. 

Dave inched upwards on the bed until he was laying across it. I followed him, climbing onto the bed still sucking furiously. Juliette followed suit and turned her body over licking her way up my inner thigh. I climbed on top of Dave and slipped his cock into my dripping wet pussy. He grabbed my hips and beckoned me to fuck him faster. Juliette sucked his balls as he fucked me. The temptation was too much. I turned around to face her so Dave could fuck me from behind. 

I sat up and Juliette took me in her mouth, licking Dave's balls, licking my clit as we fucked each other. She placed a finger inside me and I could see the other hand inside herself, fucking herself furiously as she licked us. Dave rolled me over onto my stomach and continued to fuck me furiously. He grabbed violently at my hips and thrust himself deeply. Juliette climbed up onto the bed and I teased her, licking the inside of her thigh and gently rubbing my fingers over her clit. The next half an hour was a jumbled mess of licking, fucking and touching. Juliette played with her nipples and came in my mouth. Dave fucked me harder and I orgasmed, bucking my hips out so I could feel his cock deeper inside me, reaching a height of ecstasy. 

Dave couldn't stand it any longer and he grabbed at my breasts as I felt a rush of hot cum flow inside me. I grabbed his mouth and planted a kiss on his lips. He held me tight and we barely even noticed Juliette disappear out the door. 

"That was very cheeky of you", was all he said with a wicked grin.