 Early on Sunday morning I was lying in bed, remembering the sexually blissful Saturday afternoon we had with lithe, little Leigh. When I woke up, the sun wasn't quite up yet. Billie was curled up like a sleeping cat; I was wrapped around her like a blanket.

After Leigh had left we took a shower together and went to bed, nude as usual. I didn't have anything left after Billie and then Leigh had finished with me, so we lay holding each other, gently kissing, tenderly caressing and talking until we drifted off to sleep.

I eased out of bed and got the coffee going. Once I had my cup of joe I sat in the early morning light watching my dear wife sleep. Billie continued sleeping curled up on her side; her long hair was splayed across her face and flowed over her breasts.

Thinking about how much I love this woman made my heart pound. I had to go back to the base that afternoon and it always hurt leaving her. She was the one and only person I loved and happily, she professed the same love for me. We completed each other. 

Billie was awake. She greeted me with a warm, sleepy smile and a luxurious stretch. The sun was up and shinning through the window, clouds were scudding through the sky dappling Billie's nude form with light and shadows. I could watch her for hours. She was physically attractive in a natural way, with an inner beauty surpassing the physical. 

Her natural loveliness was one of the reasons she was in such demand as a nude art model, both at the college and in a couple of private studios. Her fitness regime kept her taut and firm but it also gave her the ability to hold poses for long periods of time without moving.

Finished with her stretch and a quick trip to the bathroom, Billie came to me and took my cup of coffee out of my hand. She then knelt down in front of me without saying a word. Pushing my knees apart Billie reached down and started stroking me to an erection.

Once she was satisfied I was firm enough for her desires, she leaned down and took me in her mouth. Wiggling further in-between my legs, she sat on her heels to get lower and closer to the object of her attention. Looking up into my eyes she smiled around my cock.

I took her by her elbows and attempted to pull her up to take her to the bed; she refused with a quick shake of her head. Billie's head bobbed as she took me all the way down her throat and then back up. She was using both hands on my cock and balls as she made oral love to me.

Billie enjoys sucking cock. She finds the musky smell of a man's cock and balls enticing. To her, the taste of the pre-cum was an aphrodisiac. With practice she had developed the ability to deep throat so she wouldn't have to taste the ejaculate.

My toes were curling; both hands were gripping the seat of the chair. Billie could tell I was going to cum and her nose was buried in my pubic hair. When my orgasm hit I thought I'd choked her. She continued sucking me, until I was finished.

Letting my cock slip out of her mouth she placed her head down on my thigh and looked up at me. Her hands were still slowly caressing my balls. I stroked her hair, her face and her neck as she sat between my legs on the floor. She had a broad smile on her face.

Finally able to speak, I said, "Wow... I didn't expect that this morning."

"It's to thank you."

"For what?"

"For being so kind to Leigh yesterday."

Billie looked at my face and burst out laughing, "Your face! You look so... bamboozled! I know... after she fucked your brains out, you're wondering what I meant by that."

"Huh... well... yeeahh... I was kinda wondering..."

"You were so kind to her yesterday. You held her when she just wanted to be held. You paced your story to her physical responses without rushing her. You were gentle when she needed you to be and you were dominant when she needed it. She knew you were in control and... she trusted you.

"When she was ready, you put her on top so she could control how fast you entered her. After y'all came you held her and stroked her so tenderly. It was wonderful and beautiful to watch the two of you pleasure each other."

"Oh... thank you. I did enjoy it... Leigh is a very special person. I hope she and James hit it off."

"I think they will." 

"Do you think Leigh will succeed in making James believe he seduced her?"

"Yeah. I gave her a few pointers on what really turned James on."

Laughing, I said, "I bet you know everything that turns that boy on."

Softly chuckling, she answered, "Yeah... I definitely know what turns him on."

James had been a virgin when Billie had seduced him the first week after we had opened our marriage. She took him under her wing and led him through the many and various pleasures of sex. She had even reinforced his training... a number of times.

Leigh knew Billie had had sex with James on numerous occasions, What she didn't know was just how well Billie had trained James in the art of erotic pleasures. Leigh was to receive another thorough fucking just a few hours after the one I had given her.

Billie got up off the floor and climbed into my lap. We sat there just holding each other, enjoying the closeness. Her warm, nude body pressed to me was a pleasure; she held her face against mine, her breath caressing my cheek. My heart ached thinking about having to go back to the base.

Pulling her head back, she asked, "Do you think you can make it for 'the end of the school year pool party?'" 

"Leigh said it was three weeks from this weekend, right?"

"Yeah."

"It'll be tough, but I'll see what I can do... but don't count on it. I want you to go... even if I can't."

"You know what's going to happen..."

Smiling, I pulled her close and with a hoarse whisper answered her, "Oh yeeahh... I can imagine what'll happen! It would happen even if I was there... wouldn't it?"

"Yeah... it would. You know me so well." Billie's eyes opened wide, she wiggled her butt and laughing said, "Why, you horny old goat! You're getting hard just thinking about it!"

Laughing, she got up and straddling me sat back down putting her arms around my neck. With her forehead against mine she looked into my eyes... and kissed me.

When we broke from a very deep and loving kiss, I asked, "Will Thomas, Steve and James be going to the party?"

"Thomas and Steve will; James won't, he doesn't like these types of parties. Leigh will be there and of course, yours truly. Do I have to limit my fun to just Thomas and Steve?"

Laughing, I said, "You know better than that. You can have fun with anyone you want. Are you hoping to do anyone in particular?"

"No... well, yes...you."

I let my fingers tickle down her spine to her magnificent bottom and cupped both cheeks. She arched her back causing her nipples to caress my chest. We kissed again. My cock was sticking up between us. 

Billie reached down and with her fingernails, lightly traced around the crown. As pre-cum seeped out she spread it over the head. Lifting her bottom up she ran the head of my cock up and down between the lips of her puss adding my pre-cum to her wetness.

Holding me firmly she centered my cock with her opening and pressed down. She grunted as I entered her. With little pelvic rocks she worked me in deep. Our foreheads were still pressed together as we slowly made love.

A petite, yet strong woman, Billie reached around and grabbed the chair back; she wrapped her legs around the rear chair legs, firmly locking me down. With her hips rocking and rolling she was doing all the work. I could barely move.

Clamping her muscles around my cock, she would rise slowly upward until just the head was inside her; then relaxing she would slowly slid back down. As I entered her innermost depths, Billie would rock her hips back and forth and add a little figure eight before clamping down and lifting up again.

Her movements were agonizingly slow; she had total control. My hands were cupping her darling bottom; we were in a tight embrace, her breasts flattened against me. She moved her head and was nuzzling my face, the crook of my neck and shoulder; she was peppering me with gentle, damp kisses.

Our breathing was becoming ragged. Billie's head was nodding in little circles, a sign she was approaching her orgasm. Both of us were lightly perspiring. I could now smell Billie's special, very arousing scent: a combination of sunshine, fresh laundry, spices and her own sensual sexual musk.

Billie's control was gone; with little intense jerks she mashed her pelvis down against mine. Our orgasms combined; it was as if our souls merged. We couldn't get close enough to each other.

Drawing back a little, Billie looked me in the eyes, she bit her lower lip, silent tears started tracking down her cheeks. This choked me up. I kissed each of her eyes tasting and savoring her tears. We pressed our foreheads together and just held each other.

I do not recall how long we stayed like this, but eventually she got up and went into the bathroom. I followed her and we both cleaned up. I didn't want us to take a shower, at least not right then. The smell of our coupling was raw, sexual and erotic. 

There appeared to be a soft, warm glow radiating around Billie. It was the warm glow of knowing she was loved and her love in return was immeasurable. It made her even more beautiful. 

A soft knock at the front door interrupted our silent communiqué. Looking through the peephole I saw Leigh. She appeared to be excited about something as she was literally bouncing up and down on her toes.

I opened the door and stepped back as a whirlwind of an excited little sprite came bursting through the door. I discovered Leigh was a little chatterbox when excited. Her speech was so rapid she was almost incoherent.

She drew up short as she realized she had interrupted something rather profound. As I started to close the door, a hand placed on the door stopped me. James was here, too.

Leigh's mouth was still open and moving but she wasn't making any sounds. She eventually said, "Oh shit! This is a bad time isn't it?"

Billie looked at Leigh and James and told them, "Yeah... it kinda is."

James was embarrassed, he muttered, "Oh... huh... we'll go... it's not important. We just wanted to invite y'all to brunch... but... huh... we're sorry..."

Pulling James to her, Billie gave him a warm hug. James turned even redder. He has never really been able to relax around me, so being hugged by my naked wife, who he fucks on a fairly regular basis; with me standing there, was disconcerting for him.

Feeling a little evil, I grinned at him and said, "What's wrong James? Not use to holding her with your clothes on?"

James went from blushing to blanching a sickly grey. He looked as if he was going to faint. Leigh erupted with laughter. Billie smacked my arm hissing, "Asshole." 

Leigh came over to me and gave me a big hug. It was hard not to notice her dress. It was loosely woven, white cotton linen with a lace bodice. It wasn't lined. Her pert little breasts and nipples were erotically perceptible. 

I couldn't tell if she was wearing panties until we moved back into the sunlight. She wasn't. All this little minx was wearing was the dress. No panties, no jewelry, no shoes and very little, if any, makeup. She made a very arousing and fetching image.

Looking down at this comely lass, I asked," Well... did you and James hit it off last night?"

Leigh continued hugging me, "Yes..." she giggled; "we hit it off several times last night... and this morning."

Billie stopped glaring at me, and grinning, said, "Oh! We're so happy for y'all!"

Beaming, Leigh excitedly said, "And guess what? James is going to go to the party!"

I chimed in, "So it'll be you and James, Billie, Thomas and Steve! Y'all will have a blast!"

Big eyes blue turned on me, Leigh said, "You're not coming?"

"I'll have to see what I can do when I get back to the base, but I have my doubts."

"But... we're supposed to... Billie and I wanted you guys to..." Then softly, " I was hoping... all four of you would... fuck me, at the same time. I... I wanted y'all to... to", blushing and softly whispering, "gang bang me."

"Leigh, " I said, "it would still be a gang bang with James, Thomas and Steve."

Billie put her arms around me and whispered, "It would be a lot more fun with you there." She then whispered very softly in my ear, "You'd have to fuck us last though. You're quite a bit bigger than they are."

Placing my forehead against hers I answered, "I'll see what I can do."

Leigh and James said their goodbyes and left to do whatever new lovers are going to do. With the skimpy little dress Leigh had on it didn't tax my imagination to come up with a likely scenario. 

The dreaded hour of my departure was drawing near. We took a shower together and started gathering up the few items I had to pack. We put on clothes for the first time this weekend. Billie's, as usual, was a short sundress.

Departing back to the base was heart rendering. I love this woman so much! I hugged her close and told her, "I'll call Wednesday and let you know when I can get back home." 

I call Billie every Wednesday evening. We keep our conversations short; long distance calls are expensive. I'll tell her when I'll be able to come home and if I can't, we'll decide what time I should call her on Sunday.

On Sundays the telephone companies offer weekend rates so we can talk a little longer. There are times Billie wants to let me know that she's had an adventure and has a tale to tell. She'll give me basics but wait until I get home to give me details.

I could usually make it home every other week. Sometimes those two weeks feel like it's a month before I can get home to my love.

As I drove off, I watched her in the rearview mirror for as long as I could. It was heartrending to see her standing there alone... shrinking in the mirror as the distance grew. 

As planned I called her on Wednesday evening. I asked, "Well... have you been a 'good girl' so far this week?" Referring to our code words describing Billie's sexual adventures. 

Billie answered, "Yes... so far. Everyone is so busy. We have final exams coming up and art shows and projects to turn in. I'm working extra hours in the library due to the exams. So no one has time for... fun. Have you found out if you can make it to the party?"

"Not yet. The one guy I was hoping to swap duty with got dropped from school. Honey, it doesn't look good. I can get home the weekend before easily, but it doesn't look like it for the party."

"Damn it! You're always taking other guy's duty, why the fuck, won't someone take yours?"

"Don't know sweetheart, it's a pisser. I'll keep trying. I'll call you Sunday. Love ya."

Billie responded in a sad sounding voice, "Okay, love you, too."

Sunday's call was pretty much the same. Since everyone was so busy we decided to save a little money and catch up when I came home the next Friday.

I arrived home on the following Friday at about 1800 hrs (that's 6:00 P.M. for you civilians). When I left the base, I didn't take the time to shower or change. Since we had had a practical field exercise I was sweaty, dirty and greasy.

Expecting Billie to be somewhat down from the past two weeks I was relieved to see her excited. She came flying toward me intent on jumping into my arms, however she skidded to a stop when she saw how dirty I was.

Taking my hands in hers she leaned in and gave me a loving, deep kiss. I continued holding her hands and stepped back to look at her... WOW! She looked ravishing!

Billie's hair was freshly washed and dried; she had it pulled back in a ponytail. She was wearing one of my old, white, dress shirts from when I had tried to be something other than a military man. It was soft and worn with a frayed collar. The sleeves were rolled up.

Only the middle three buttons were fastened. The shirt emphasized Billie's tan. She doesn't wear make-up nor does she need make-up. Her natural color is enough. The combination made her look fresh, innocence and far younger than twenty-four. 

Holding me away from her she allowed me to look at her. Then she led me into the bathroom and simply said, "Shower."

A hot shower was invigorating. Having washed off the grit and grime I felt presentable. I put on a simple pair of nylon running shorts and went into the living room to join my wife. This time she jumped into my arms. Finally, I was able to hold her, to feel her dynamic body against my body and inhale her scent.

With her arms and legs wrapped around me she kissed me. I was holding her up by cupping her delicious, squirming little bottom with my hands. Nuzzling my ear she whispered, "Bedroom."

Placing her on the bed, I crawled up on top of her. I kissed her eyes, her nose, her cheeks and finally her mouth. I wanted to taste her, to smell her; I couldn't get enough of her. My hands were working their way up her legs. When they reached their goal I found Billie to be warm, wet, slick and freshly groomed. 

Her hands were up the leg of my shorts, stroking me. She murmured softly in my ear, "Now, honey... put it in me... now..."

Skinning my shorts off, I unbuttoned her shirt, totally exposing her. Billie opened her legs wider, raised and pulled her knees back, presenting herself; making herself available to me.

Using the pre-cum Billie had swirled around the crown, I slid the head of my cock up and down her pink little cleft. Once we were welled lubed with our combined juices I pressed into her. As I popped through her vaginal muscle ring she let out a soft, "Oh!"

We worked together to penetrate her as far as we could. Billie hooked her feet over my thighs and worked her hips in a short rocking motion. I slid my hands under her shoulders and cupped one hand beneath the back of her head; the other was holding the back of her neck. Her hands were pushing and pulling on my hips.

As we rocked together, Billie was whispering soft, unintelligible sounds in my ear; little puffs of moist breath, low moans and sweet love. I kissed her, I kissed her eyes, I nuzzled her ears. Her nostrils were flaring and her head was nodding in little circles. 

The sweet scent of her perspiration flooded my senses. Her heat spread from her center outward as she rode her orgasm. The small spasms and little jerks of her inner muscles milked me to a massive peak, flooding her.

We lay in each other arms, our hearts and breathing matching. We relished our closeness. We whispered into each other's ear our love for each other. Billie locked her ankles and using her arms and legs tried to pull me closer. I held her head, cupped gently in my hands.

Except for the soft murmurs of love we lay quietly. I couldn't get enough of Billie. She is one of the warmest and most caring people I know. I cannot believe she is my wife, how did I get this lucky?

As we lay there locked in our embrace savoring our post orgasmic, lethargic contentment, Billie let a gentle little giggle escape. 

"What?" I asked the little minx.

"That was... wonderful!"

"Yeah... it was. It's been a long two weeks, and with no tales to tell from either of us made it even longer."

"... Weeell..."

I pushed up and looked down on Billie's face. She had her lower lip in her teeth and big, innocence, brown eyes looking back. I arched an eyebrow.

A slow blush crept up her neck to her face. Apparently something had happened between last Sunday and today, Friday. I was enjoying her discomfiture. I was going to enjoy this.

"Is there something you want to tell me?"

"... Weeell... we agreed since we were so busy not to call on Wednesday night... right?"

I slowly nodded my head and said, "Yes..."

Billie constricted her legs around me even tighter, "I was asked if I could model late Tuesday afternoon. Some of the art students needed to put finishing touches on their projects and I had been the model they had used the most." She wiggled her hinny.
