 I carried a final box inside, and let the door close behind me with a sigh of relief. 

I'd been sent for a year to our firm's newest office in Livchester. It mean moving from South West England, where I'd lived since the age of four, and back to the North West where my family had originally come from. I had to say I was looking forward to it. You can take a girl out of the North, but you can't take the North out of the girl.

I'd been given a long weekend (it was now Thursday evening) to get settled in, before getting stuck into work on Monday morning. So I decided to just unpack what I needed for tonight, do the rest tomorrow and then reward myself for working hard, by sampling a Friday night out, Livchester style.

I headed out to get some shopping in, including a bottle of New Zealand Pinot Noir and a Pizza. I had myself a long soak in the bath and settle down in my PJs, to pizza, wine and a couple of favourite DVDs, before having an early night.

Next morning I got stuck into my unpacking with gusto. By early evening I'd got the flat that the company had rented looking like home, and I was smugly pleased with myself, as well as tired and sweaty.

A warm shower with lemon and tea tree shower gel, perked me back up again though. I'd promised myself a night out, and a night out I was having. A work colleague of mine back home had been to Livchester university, and when she saw where I was going to be living, she immediately told me, "you've got to have at least one night out at The Black Rook, "

This was a night club, only a short taxi ride away apparently. I was reliably informed that it'd be 'right up your street babe. Plenty of rock and hot guys with leather and tatts.'

Well that sold it to me straight off. I love a good looking man in a sharp suit as much as any woman. But put him him snug jeans (blue or black), a t shirt (black or white), and a leather jacket; or better yet top to toe leather, and I'm a lust melted puddle.

I put on my best 'rock chick' outfit, jeans, a black corset, black 3 inch heel boots and a black leather jacket. I had simple gold jewelery, and my make up was mainly black eyeliner, mascara and dark red lippy. Now I was ready to roll!

I knew I was early in night club terms when I got there, but it would be good to get my bearings there, before it got too hectic later on in the evening.

I got a drink, perched on a bar stool, and settled in to people watch for a while. 

I made a note to ring my colleague at home, and tell her she'd been spot on in recommending The Black Rook to me. The music was fabulous. A whole range of range of rock from Linkin Park and and Green Day, to AC/DC, Black Sabbath and Queen.

As for the men. I might well have died and gone to heaven. As the place gradually filled up, there was denim and leather as far as the eye could see. (I always say that a well fitting pair of jeans or leather trousers can do wonders for the male legs and butt.) And there were black t shirts everywhere, revealing a drool worthy art gallery of tattooed male flesh.

Given this visual feast it would be nothing short of a miracle if any one man were to catch my notice. Imagine my delight then, when my eyes were drawn to not one, but two examples of dazzling male pulchritude, sitting together at a table right in my line of vision.

If I'd been actively looking for male company, I'd have been seriously disappointed. It was quite obvious that were a couple, and a close one at that. As it was, I was thoroughly enjoying covertly ogling them.

The very pretty, slender young man with black curls, huge, long lashed dark brown eyes and a soft, full mouth; was wearing black leather trousers, Doc Marten boots and a black 'Nine Inch Nails' t shirt. I could see a leather jacket on the seat behind him. He appeared to have a taste for older men. His companion looked to be a good ten years his senior, at least. I guessed at mid thirties. He was taller than his young lover, and though also lean, he also had a good deal of taut musculature, which has me drooling a lot more more than the OTT muscle-man physique. His hair was short and dark brown, his eyes a piercing blue and I could only describe his mouth as 'sensuous'.

He wore black jeans and biker boots. I saw another black leather jacket behind him and his black t shirt was plain and delightfully snug. It revealed a pair of luscious biceps, and I saw a Celtic design tattoo peeking out of one of the the sleeves, as he reached for his drink.

I felt my heart leap. Either I'd just imagined it, or the older man had just winked at me. He leaned in to whisper something into his boy-friend's ear, and they both looked up towards me.

He walked towards me with a loose limbed, feline grace. I got the impression that here was a man totally at home in his own skin. I prickled all over with intense awareness.

"Hello there, gorgeous, " he said. His rich baritone voice and groin tingling smile were ever so slightly mocking, as though I'd just embroiled myself in a game of some kind. 

Those captivating eyes were not altogether cruel however. If there was laughter going on, I was being invited to join in with it. I responded to his greeting with "hello there yourself, " with an enticing smile of my own.

"Is this your first time at The Rook?" he asked.

"I'd remember if I'd seen such a beautiful lady before." He shocked me by taking my hand and kissing it.

"Gareth Ryder. Pleased to meet you." He spoke intimately close to my ear. 

The sweet warmth of his breath on my skin made me shiver. So I did like wise. "Cari Davis. Charmed to meet you too, " I answered. 

"Doesn't your boyfriend mind you talking to me like this?" I went on artlessly. What was the use of pretending I hadn't seen them together, when they knew full well I'd been ogling them for a good hour? 

"Quite the opposite, babe, " Gareth told me. "He's as keen to meet you as I am. How about I get us all a drink, and we'll go and have a chat?"

A very pleasing feature of The Black Rook, was that the further from the dance floor area you got, the lower the volume was on the speakers. The bar was situated so that you didn't have to walk too far to get drinks in, but far enough that you didn't have to bellow your order so the bar staff could hear you.

Gareth and his boyfriend led me away from the bar and dance floor, then up some stairs to a comfortable looking seating area, full of squashy leather chairs and sofas. You could still hear the music plainly enough here, but it was possible to hold a normal conversation too.

The younger of my two new friends was named Ben Sutton. He was heart breaking up close, though his beauty was a little on the feminine side, if I was being especially picky.

I'd have killed for his lips and eyelashes. He and Gareth had been together for two years. They'd met here at The Rook when Ben had been 25 and Gareth 36. I told them that I was 34, and that this had been my first full day in Livchester. They looked flatteringly pleased, when I said I would be working here for a year.

Gareth was self employed. He bought clapped out motor cycles, brought them back to life and sold them on. He and Ben were the proud owners and riders of Norton Commandos. I licked my lips. I love the combo of man and motor cycle. And here were two prime specimens.

Ben was a legal secretary. "Very popular with the ladies, I can tell you. But he's not just a pretty face, " Gareth smiled proudly, which I found thoroughly endearing.

"Cari, " Ben said, as though trying the name on his tongue. "It's a lovely name. Is it short for something?"

I couldn't resist a little flirting. "Carissa, " I said, savouring the smoothness of the word. "It's a flowering plant, and it's also a French and Italian name, that can mean 'beloved', and of course 'caress'." 

I wiped a drop from the rim of my glass and slowly sucked it off my finger. I was getting vibes off these guys, that I'd not been expecting, and boy was I going to encourage them.

I'd rarely found anyone as easy to talk to as these two. Both of them were a lot more than just a pretty face. They were both garrulous, witty, intelligent and eloquent. We got onto a dizzying range of topics from music, books and movies to the news and ethics.

After a while we decided to move on from the club. I made up my mind to throw caution to the wind and invited the boys to come to my flat.

*************************** 

I showed them into my sitting room and suggested they put on some music while I went to put the kettle on.

Alone in the kitchen I took my mobile from my bag. Petra, my friend back home and I had a rule, that when one or both of us got off with a guy, we should let each other know where we ended up with them, and then no later than 2 am send a text to say 'OK'. 

Failure to receive said text would ring alarm bells in each others mind. Thankfully this hadn't yet been put to the test. Neither of us had failed yet to send that reassuring text. 

Petra was of course miles away in Exeter, and therefore wouldn't find out that I had invited Gareth and Ben home with me, unless I told her.

I knew though that it was sensible to make at least one person knew what I was up to. And Petra had been my confidante in such matters for more than ten years. Besides that I didn't want guilty thoughts to ruin what I suspected was going to be a memorable evening. I'm not vain, but I am savvy when it comes to detecting when there's the potential for sex in the air.

So I sent a text Petra-wards, promising to follow up later by the time honoured method. Then I made coffee for three and a plate of buttered toast, and went to join my captivating guests.

We continued talking. There was plenty of flirting, but for some reason I felt a bit shy of steering the conversational boat into more intimate waters.

Gareth and Ben thankfully had no such qualms. They were men who believed in making what they wanted quite plain.

We'd got onto the subject of being adventurous. They told me about rock climbing that they both enjoyed, and about the joy of 'kinky' sex. 

Ben loved being bound and blindfolded by his older lover, so that he was totally at his mercy, and when the right person came along they indulged in threesomes, sometimes with another man, and sometimes with a woman. 

Gareth fixed me with those blue eyes that had been turning me into mush all evening. Ben's doe like brown eyes added their own liquid heat to the mix. I felt in danger of forgetting my own name, amidst the mad whirlpool of desire they'd set in motion. "What about you, Cari, love?" Gareth asked. His deep voice was like black velvet. "You strike me as a lass who likes to get the adrenaline flowing. What have you got up to in your time?"

I felt rather foolish for a moment, my mouth was opening, but no sound came out. The guys didn't appear to find anything untoward in this. They just regarded me in polite, amused inquiry. "You're going to find me seriously boring, " I finally managed. "Walking and swimming are my sports choices. I drive like an old maiden lady, and the nearest I get to kink and threesomes are in my fantasies."

Two pairs of eye brows flew upwards. "So you like the idea of them then?" Ben asked. The hunger in his voice was loud and clear. My insides somersaulted giddily. I nodded.

"What's stopped you from making your fantasies into reality then?" Gareth regarded me over the edge of his coffee mug. His Adams apple bobbed as he swallowed. I had a mad urge to lick and suck on it. I shrugged helplessly. 

"Lack of opportunity, " I said. "And if I'm honest lack of nerve too." The guys looked at each other, as though silently conferring with one another. Then Gareth came over to the armchair I was sitting in. He crouched beside me and took my hand in his.

"What if Ben and I offer you the opportunity?" He asked. "How would you feel about sharing a man with another man?" My heart was thudding so hard I was sure my ribs would be bruised. 

My voice seemed to come from somewhere far away as I answered. "I'd rather do that than share him with another woman."

Gareth gave me his hand and took me to sit on the sofa, between himself and Ben. "Our kind of woman, " Gareth purred. He ran a long finger down the length of my arm, setting off goosebumps in his wake.

I let out a shuddering sigh as his lips touched my neck. "I've noticed you staring at The Lad's lips, " he said softly. "I don't blame you, baby. They just cry out to be kissed don't they?" I let out a strangled sort of sound that was meant to mean assent. 

Gareth understood perfectly.He chuckled, a sexy, rumbling, deeply masculine expression of mirth.

"Well, temptation's there to be given in to, " he said. "And he's dying to kiss you too, aren't you Ben, love?" 

"Damn right I am, " Ben answered. "Get yourself over here, gorgeous." His arms came round me, and I melted into them as his lips found mine.

Gareth made a soft moan of approval, as Ben coaxed my mouth open and his tongue met mine, taking the kiss to warm, velvety depths.

"Hell yeah, " Gareth groaned quietly. Watching us was a mega turn on for him, and I found my panties becoming damp at the knowledge that we were being watched.

Gareth took my hand from Ben's shoulder and guided it to the growing bulge in his lover's leather clad crotch. "Just feel how much you're turning him on, baby, " he purred into my ear. 

He nuzzled the back of my neck, and slid a deliciously work roughened hand over one of my breasts. 

'The Girls' are definitely one of my finest features and corset tops show them to their very best advantage, which is why I wear them so often.

They certainly hadn't gone unnoticed by my new man-chums. Gareth fondled me and I pushed eagerly forward into his hand. I'm one of those lucky ladies whose breasts are very sensitive.

"We noticed these beauties very early in our acquaintance, didn't we Ben?" he said. Ben murmured assent from around my mouth, and I sighed blissfully as his hand cupped my other breast, treating it to the same loving attention as her twin was receiving. I don't know which of them unfastened it, but next I knew, the corset and dropped and my breasts were bare. My nipple hardened under the hungry stares I was receiving.

Together Gareth and Ben wrestled me back against the sofa, their hands and mouths lavished my breasts with nothing short of adoration. Moaning in dizzy delight, I threaded my fingers through the dark silkiness of their hair, and surrendered to their attentions.

Eventually my mind cleared just enough to think that I wanted to see my lovers bare chests. I told them so and smirking sinfully they stripped off their t shirts. Their bared arms and torsos were a mouthwatering feast for the eyes. Neither was bulked up (a plus point in my book).

They were lean and their muscles taut and toned, with just enough bicep definition to make a girl swoon. Gareth's were slightly bigger, no surprise, since he had a physical job. I stroked one and purred my approval. "You both look good enough to eat, " I told them.

I turned on a pleading expression. "I haven't seen you two kiss yet, " I pouted. "And I can't tell you how much it turns me on to see two handsome men making out."

I needed to say no more. They pulled one another into an embrace of impressive, tempestuous passion. I was more stirred than washing on a spin cycle. No porn could ever compete with this. It was real and fed by honest emotion. It was moving as well as erotic.

I moved in close and explored the stunning human sculpture before me. I stroked, licked and kissed their smooth, warm skin, and the firm, strapping shapes of muscle and bone. I found their nipples as erect and hard as mine. I played happily with them, enjoying the fact that I was adding to the pleasure of their intimacy.

I moved below their waists, Gareth clad in denim and Ben clad in leather. Their thighs were the stuff of a girls dreams, as were the generous bulges between them.

I took them in hand through the fabric, rubbing and fondling the hard shafts and the softer shape of their balls. Groans, gasps and growls told me that we were all ready to put some heat under our game.

I sighed dramatically. "Mmmm I love the feel of your cocks while they're trapped. What are they like when they're free and available I wonder?"

The boys came up for air. They looked at me, then each other, in comical, pantomime inquiry. "What do you reckon then Gareth?" Ben said. "Time to get em' off for The Lass?"

Gareth pretended to think for a moment. "Yeah, " he said. "I think we've made her wait for long enough. Fair for one, fair for another though. If we're stripping all the way, then she should too."

Ben grinned. "Damn right, " he said. "You've got a gorgeous pair of tits there, babe. We want to see what the rest's like."

I giggled. "Sounds good to me boys. Why don't we all do it together. After three?"

We got up and counted down from three to one. Three pairs of boots, two pairs of jeans and one of leather trousers, my lacy briefs and the boys boxers all hit the floor in divine chaos.

We indulged in three way mutual admiration. The boys were as magnificent as I'd been hoping for. I took their cocks in hand and stroked, firmly and with great enthusiasm. 

They each laid a hand over mine and helped me to pleasure each other. At the same time, Ben toyed with my hard nipples and Gareth slid a finger down to test out how wet I was getting.

Groans and moans of pleasure were floating round the room like bubbles, charging the air with potent erotic sparks.

"This really is getting you going, isn't it, Cari, love?" Gareth growled delightedly. He sucked my juice from his finger, then gathered some more and tasted it again. He looked into Ben's darkening eyes and moaned with pleasure.

"Ben doesn't do pussies himself, " he told me. "He'd rather have a woman's arse the same as a man's. But as you can tell he loves tits, and it really drives him wild to watch me getting a mouthful of honey. Doesn't it, baby?" he asked, and Ben groaned his assent.

"So what's your craving Cari?" Gareth asked me. "What can The Lad and I do to send you into orbit?"

We'd all moved as closely together as we could, to make pleasuring each other easiest. I tipped my head back, as I gathered my scattered thoughts for a moment. I knew what I wanted alright, but putting the words together was becoming tricky.

"I want to see you two suck and fuck each other, " I groaned yearningly.

My new play-mates eyes met mine with glee. "Oh we can do that for you alright, babe." Ben told me with relish.

He gently detached himself from around Gareth and myself, then moved round to caress Gareth from the rear, nibbling his broad shoulders, and undulating his swollen shaft against the peachiest of buttocks.

I giggled with delight and curled myself against Gareth from the front. I trailed heated fingers over the firm flesh of his chest and abdomen, caressed as much of his long legs I could reach with my feet and cheekily brushed his raging hard-on with my belly.

His beautiful blue eyes twinkled merrily in the most alluring way, and he toyed with my breasts as we snogged avidly.

"How about this for a game plan, little passion flower?" Ricky asked, using a long finger to coax me to look up at him. 

"I'll initiate you into the joys of giving a two person blow job, to our gorgeous Ben. Then when we've made him cum he can rub all that cream into your beautiful tits."

I moaned with lust. Ben all but threw himself into a big armchair. It was all the answer Gareth seemed to require.

He pulled me close and shooting a deeply suggestive look at Ben began to kiss me again with the same lascivious gusto as before. He encouraged me to glance over at Ben, as his mouth moved to my neck.

Our younger lover watched us greedily, stroking himself with long luxurious strokes. This was clearly a game he and Gareth had played often, and now they were exuberant about teaching it to me. It was like a smoothly flowing but carnally raw circle dance. We were constantly arousing and being aroused by each other, and it made me feel more vital than I ever had before.
