 Edited by Todger65.

***

It was Saturday night. Mandy and I decided to catch up for a few drinks at a bar around the corner from my apartment. I met Mandy around 6pm and only planned to stay out for an hour or two. We ordered a drink and headed over to an empty table where we sat down. We chatted for a while catching up on what we had been up to, and Mandy was very curious about my adventures. She told me she had been out with a few guys, but nothing compared to what I had shared with her.

After about an hour, a friend of Mandy's came over to our table to say hi. He was a tall guy in his late 30's. 

"Hi Mandy, how are you."

"Hi Rob, I'm great." I replied.

"This is my girlfriend Toni."

"Hi Toni, I'm Rob."

"Hi Rob." I replied.

"I'm just going to get a drink. May I join you ladies?" Rob asked.

"Sure." Mandy replied.

A few minutes later Rob returned with a drink and joined us. After a few more drinks and chatting, Rob invited Mandy and I down to his house boat on the docks. He mentioned that he and a few friends were heading down there for the night, and we were more than welcome to join them. I looked at Mandy and I could tell she was very keen.

"That sounds fun. What do you think?" Mandy said as she looked at me.

Let's go." I replied.

We left the bar and headed outside where we were joined by a few of Robs friends. 

"Mandy and Toni, this is Chris, Mark and Cindy. Cindy is Marks girlfriend." Rob said introducing us.

"Hi. I'm Mandy and this is Toni." Mandy replied.

We all decided to walk to the docks, which was about a 5 minute walk from the bar. As we walked, we all chatted getting to know each other and before we knew it we arrived at Rob's boat. The boat was called The Marybeth, and it was very big. We hopped on board and Rob showed us around inside. It had two large bedrooms, a bathroom and shower, and a bar as well as an up stairs deck. We were all very impressed.

After our tour, Rob put on some music and headed to the bar, where he poured drinks for everybody. As I chatted with Cindy and I noticed Mandy flirting with Rob. I could tell Mandy was in a playful mood. After a little while chatting with Cindy, we both decided to look around upstairs on the deck. Walking upstairs behind her, I had a clear view up her short dress. She was wearing a nice pink g-string barely covering her pussy, which I couldn't stop admiring. 

Once we got to the top deck, we looked out at the clear view over the water. The view was amazing. Cindy and I chatted for a while getting to know one another before we were joined by Mark, Cindy's boyfriend. 

"What are you ladies up to?" Asked Mark.

"Getting to know Toni." Cindy replied.

"Well, can I get to know her too." Mark replied.

"Sure, if she will let you. I'm sure she doesn't bite." Said Cindy in a sexy voice.

I looked at both of them with a smile, before Rob called us downstairs for another round of drinks. We headed downstairs and all continued chatting and drinking. 

After a while Rob headed to the kitchen to prepare a few snacks. I offered to give him a hand and followed behind him. Once in the kitchen, we prepared a few snacks while chatting. He continued to brush past me and I could feel his hand touch my arse. I looked at him with a smile continuing to let him touch me. Once we finished preparing the snacks, Rob stood behind me and placed his hands on my hips. I turned around and before I knew it, Rob moved in close kissing me on the lips. We continued kissing as Rob's hands started to explore my body, paying attention to my breasts. I slid my hand down and started rubbing Rob's hard cock through his slacks before undoing his pants. Hidden behind the bench, I got down on my knees and took his cock in my mouth. I sucked him nice and slow, and as I looked up I could tell he was enjoying it. 

"What's going on here?" A voice from behind me said.

I looked around to find Mark standing behind me. 

"Come join us." Rob said as I continued sucking his cock.

Mark undid his pants pulling out his cock. He moved around and stood next to Rob, ready to fuck my mouth. I took Mark's cock deep, sucking him nice and slow while I continued stroking Rob's cock. 

"Baby that feels so good." Mark said.

I continued fucking their cocks with my mouth when Cindy walked in to the kitchen. I didn't know she was in the room until she asked Mark if he was enjoying himself. I quickly looked around in shock and stared at Cindy. 

"Keep sucking honey. I might join you." Cindy said in a low sexy voice.

Cindy walked behind the bench and knelt down beside me. She took hold of Mark's cock and started sucking, while I continued sucking her boyfriends cock. 

"It's a nice night girls. Why don't we head up on the deck and continue this under the stars?" Rob suggested.

Cindy looked at me while still on her knees and leaned over kissing me on the lips. She slid her tongue in my mouth as she kissed me passionately before standing up. Mark took my hand and helped me up off my knees. The four of us headed out of the kitchen and headed to the stairs. On the way we notice Mandy and Chris in the lounge area. Mandy was kneeling on the couch, and Chris was fucking her from behind. Over and over Mandy moaned as Chris thrust his cock inside her. Both Mandy and Chris looked around. Rob and Mark stood stroking their cocks watching before heading up the stairs. Following Cindy I placed my hand on her arse. Cindy stopped. She leaned forward and I ran my tongue between her arse cheeks stopping and teasing her pussy through her thin panties. After a minute we continued up the stairs and joined Rob and Mark, who had been watching us.

Once on the deck, Cindy got on her knees and continued sucking Rob's cock. Mark took my hand and laid me on the floor of the deck. As he climbed between my legs, he pushed up my dress and pulled my panties to the side before licking my pussy. It felt so good and I couldn't help but let out a moan. 

After about five minutes Mandy and Chris joined us on the deck. Mandy came over and lay down beside me and started sucking my nipples. Chris joined Rob, and Cindy took turns sucking both guys. The feeling was amazing under the stars, on the deck having my pussy licked, and Mandy sucking my nipples. I was ready to cum.

"I'm cumming, God yes." I moaned as my body trembled over and over.

Once my body started to relax and I caught my breath, Mandy got up on her knees. Mark moved behind sliding his cock in her pussy fucking her nice and slow. I got up and moved over to a padded bench seat where I laid down and fingered my pussy, while watching Cindy suck 2 hard cocks. After a few minutes Cindy got down on her knees and Rob moved behind slowly inserting his cock in her pussy.

"God your pussy is so tight."

Cindy gasped as Robs cock slid all the way inside her. Chris came over where I was laying fingering my pussy and started fucking my mouth. I could feel his long cock hitting the back of my throat. Fingering my pussy I could feel I was so wet. Watching Mandy and Cindy getting fucked was getting me so turned on, and now I wanted a cock inside me.

"Lay down. I want to ride your cock." I demanded.

Chris lay on the floor as I got up. I straddled his cock taking him slow and deep inside my pussy. His long cock felt so good deep inside me.

"She feel good babe?" Cindy asked Mark.

"Hell yeah honey. Mandy feels real good" Mark replied.

After about five minutes. Cindy got up and Rob lay on the floor. Cindy mounted his cock sliding him in nice and slow. While I rode Chris's cock. I watched Rod's cock spreading Cindy's tight pussy, before sliding deep inside her. Cindy moaned as she bounced on his cock taking him deep. Mark pulled his cock out of Mandy's pussy and stood up. He knelt down in front of Cindy and slid his cock in her mouth. Mandy came over and sat on Chris face enjoying his tongue exploring her pussy. With Mandy facing me I leaned forward kissing her while grabbing her breasts pinching her nipples. 

I looked over at Cindy enjoying a cock in her pussy and mouth. 

"God Cindy that feels so good. Want to try another cock in your pussy babe?" Mark said.

"I guess I'll try. Does that turn you on honey?"

"Hell yes." Mark replied.

I could tell Cindy hadn't experienced much or been with many guys. She was very innocent. 

Mark moved behind Cindy. He positioned his cock and pressed it against her pussy.

"Oh God take it slow." Cindy said.

Mark's cocks slowly entered. Nice and slow both guys slid their cocks in and out of Cindy's pussy. 

"Oh god, I'm going to cum. Honey oh my god." She screamed as Rob grabbed her tight holding her with both hands.

Cindy collapsed on Rob as both cocks continued to work her pussy.

I hopped off Chris's cock and moved aside as Mandy mounted him. She rode his cock nice and hard taking him deep moaning with pleasure over and over.

"Fuck I'm cumming. Fuck me harder, harder." Mandy screamed.

Mandy froze and by the look on her face, her orgasm was intense. She collapsed on Chris as he continued to ram his cock in her pussy. After Mandy caught her breath, she rolled off Chris and I moved down between her legs licking her wet pussy.

"Mmmm you taste so good." I said before getting up.

Mark slid his cock out of Cindy's pussy, and lay on the floor ready for me to mount. I slid his cock inside my pussy taking him deep. I looked over at Chris watching Mark fuck my pussy.

"Why don't you come over and fuck my arse?" I said in a soft demanding voice.

Chris moved behind and pressed his cock against my arse slowly sliding deep inside me.

"Fuck that feels so good." I moaned.

As they fucked both my holes, I looked over at Cindy. She looked so gorgeous fingering her wet pussy. 

"God fuck me deeper guys. I'm cumming." I screamed.

Both guys fucked me harder, faster and deeper as my body shook over and over as I came hard. 

As my body started to relax, both pulled out their cocks. I hopped off Mark and lay on the floor on my back.

"That felt so good." I sad, catching my breath.

"Honey, sit on my cock." Mark said, looking at Cindy.

Cindy mounted Mark, sliding his cock inside her pussy. I looked over at Mandy sucking Rob's cock while rubbing her pussy. She was so wet. I moved behind Cindy and ran my tongue around her arse hole getting her nice and wet with my tongue. 

"Don't stop. That feels so good." Cindy moaned.

Chris stood close stroking his cock. I reached up replacing his hand with mine stroking him nice and slow as I continued licking Cindy's arse getting her nice and wet. I let go of Chris's cock and took his hand pulling him down on his knees. I moved aside and guided him behind Cindy before kneeling down and sucking his cock lubricating him with my spit. I took his cock out of my mouth and pressed him against Cindy's arse. Cindy quickly looked around.

"Wait. I've never done this before." She said in a hesitant voice.

"Trust me Cindy, you'll love it." I replied.

Chris took it nice and slow, guiding the head of his cock into her arse. Cindy kept her head down as Mark wrapped his arms around her to hold her tight and still. 

"Oh fuck. Oh god. Take it slow." Cindy screamed as Chris's cock slowly entered her tight arse.

I laid down fingering my pussy and watching Cindy. Both Chris and Mark were taking it nice and slow sliding their cocks in and out, and it didn't take long for Cindy to experience her first orgasm with a cock in her arse and pussy.

"Honey, god I'm coming. Take it slow. Oh god yes." Cindy screamed.

As she came she moaned over and over before collapsing on Mark. Both guys waited for Cindy to relax before pulling their cocks out. 

"God that felt so good." Cindy said as she rolled off Mark onto her back.

I hopped up and took Cindy by the hand and as I led Cindy downstairs. I looked back to notice Mandy behind us. We made our way to the bedroom at the back of the boat, where I laid Cindy on her back on the bed. Completely naked with her perky breasts and legs apart showing her wet pussy, she looked so gorgeous. I climbed on the bed on my knees and started sucking her nipples. I looked up at Mandy and I could tell she was very keen to join us. Before I knew it Mandy was between Cindy's legs tasting her wet used pussy. Cindy ran her hand up my leg letting her fingers explore my pussy.

"Oh god Mandy. Don't stop." Cindy said.

I knelt over Cindy's face placing my pussy over her mouth. Her tongue explored every part of me as I watched Mandy licking Cindy's pussy. The guys stood watching, stroking their hard cocks for a few minutes before Rob moved behind Mandy. He slid his cock in her pussy fucking her while she continued licking Cindy's pussy. Cindy's tongue licking my pussy felt so good and I was ready to cum all over her lips.

"I'm cumming, yes, yes. Oh god." I screamed as I came over Cindy.

"I never really tasted a woman before. You taste so good." Cindy said as she continued to lick my pussy.

Rob pulled his cock out of Mandy's pussy and stood stroking his cock. I hopped off Cindy and moved down the bed taking my turn to lick Cindy's pussy. Before I knew it, Chris moved behind sliding his hard cock in my arse. He fucked me hard and it felt so good. 

As I looked up I noticed Mandy mounting Cindy, positioning her pussy over her lips. I could tell Cindy hadn't had much experience with women but she was enjoying the taste of pussy.

"Fuck yeah. I'm cumming." Chris shouted as he shot his cum in my arse.

"God yes. That feels good." I said following a loud moan.

Chris slid his cock out of my arse and moved away from the bed. Rob helped Mandy off Cindy and laid her on her back. I moved up on the bed and kissed Cindy tasting Mandy's pussy on her lips. As the three of us lay on the bed caressing each other. Cindy was ready to cum. I fingered her pussy and I felt her body tense.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming." Cindy said as her body shook over and over.

The three of us lay on the bed. Cindy lay exhausted catching her breath as Rob and Mark moved one on each side at the head of the bed. They stood stroking their cocks watching Mandy and I fingering our wet pussy. I watched Mandy rubbing and fingering her pussy, and I knew she was ready to cum. After our previous experiences, I could tell Mandy loved to be watched. 

"Yes, yes, I'm cumming." Mandy said in a low gasping voice.

Both guys we're so hard and ready to cum from watching us playing with our pussy's. 

"I want you to cum inside me." I said looking up at Mark.

He looked over at Cindy looking for her approval.

"Do it honey. I want to watch." Cindy replied giving her consent.

I spread my legs as Mark lay on top of me. He slid his hard cock inside me fucking my pussy nice and hard. I looked over at Cindy, and by the look on her face she was enjoying watching her boyfriend fuck another woman.

"I'm cumming." Rob said as he stroked his cock. 

He leaned over the bed as he exploded over the two girls waiting anxiously to taste his cum. Both Mandy and Cindy took turn sucking his cock clean. It was such a turn on watching them both while a hard cock fucked my pussy. It turned me on so much I was ready to come again. I pulled my legs up taking his cock deeper and my body froze as I was on the brink of cumming.

"Harder. Fuck me I'm cumming." I screamed.

As my body shook Mark was ready to cum also.

"Ready for me to cum inside you?"

"God yes." I replied.

Mark knelt up and held his cock sliding the head inside my pussy. With my body still shaking, his cock exploded shooting his cum deep inside me. I could feel the head of his cock pulsating in my pussy and his warm cum shooting deep inside me. My body was overcome by pleasure as I came again. This time was more intense than the last.

"Oh god, yes. I'm cumming again." I screamed as the intense pleasure shot through my body.

Mark got up off the bed as I lay exhausted next to Mandy and Cindy.

"Are you ok honey?" Mark asked as he looked at Cindy.

"I've never been better." She replied in a satisfied tone.

After a few minutes Cindy, Mandy and I got up and headed to the bathroom to freshen up.

"How are you feeling Cindy?" I asked.

"Amazing! I had always been curious about what it would be like to have another women join Mark and I. But tonight having other guys as well was just amazing." She replied. 

"I'm glad you enjoyed it. 

The three of us freshened up and still naked joined the guys back at the bar ready for a drink. We all chatted for a while before Mandy was ready to leave. We found our cloths and dressed and said our goodbyes, and we all promised to keep in touch and Rob promised to invite us on the boat again real soon.