 Ok. He’s asked me before; and I always said: 

“Yeah, sure.“ But now we’re at this party. 

“He” would be Chris, my fiancé. And he’s serious, this guy he met wants to do it. Have a threesome with us. I’m thinking, “Shit. Do I really want to?” Chris looks at me, waiting for an answer.

We’ve been here a while. Drinking, talking, having a good time. I had no idea he was going to do this. I’m a little surprised, but not shocked. He talks about it enough.

“Oh, what the hell.” I scold myself. “When am I going to get another shot at this? Besides, nobody’s going to know about this except Chris, this random guy, and me.”

“What the fuck.” I say to Chris. “Why not? But let me see him first. Am I going to hate him?” 

“No,“ he grins at me “Wait till you see. That’s why I thought of this. I was getting another beer and there he was, and I just thought ‘Miranda would love him. Hell, if I was gay, I would love him. So I pointed you out and asked him. The guy took one look at you and said yes.” he laughs. I roll my eyes.

“So? Where is this superman?”

“His name’s Mike. He’s the one by the keg, talking to Sarah.

Well I look; and I know that I cant act too happy; cause Chris might worry and call the whole thing off; but damn he looks good. Better then I ever expected in this situation. 

Trying not to look too excited, I smile at Chris.

“Cool. Let’s go.“ Chris just gives me that grin of his.

“Meet us upstairs in Dan’s room.“ he says. Dan is Chris’ younger brother, and one of our hosts. I nod agreement, and watch him walk over to the guy. I never miss an opportunity to watch Chris walk; it’s like watching a sculpture come to life. I’m a lucky girl.

I sigh, then head upstairs.

I’m feeling pretty good, tipsy but not drunk. Looking around, I kick off my sandals and lounge on the queen size bed.

Here come Chris and Mike, both looking delicious; and suddenly I can’t wait. 

Chris introduces us, and we study each other for a moment. His green eyes are so pretty, you would swear they belong to a girl. There’s no embarrassment in them, which I like. I also like the way they caress me from head to toe. I shiver a little with the inspection.

Since Chris is the one who wanted this so bad, he starts getting undressed. It’s a little odd, but not enough to make me reconsider. He takes off his shirt, and as usual I enjoy the sight of his hairless chest, his athletic body. Nicely cut, but no bulging muscles, beautiful. He catches my eye and grins. 

He comes and kisses me thoroughly, and I respond in kind. His full lips cover mine, his hands slide under my long, auburn hair and through it. I lose myself in it, not sure how to go about getting Mike involved, but Chris stops.

“Go kiss him, hon.” He says, and looks me in the eyes.

So I walk over to him, feeling a little funny. But he flashes a smile, showing the kind of dimples I always want to kiss, and I relax. I didn’t realize how much taller then me he was, I’m 5’4” and he has almost eight inches on me, so he leans down and meets me part way. He kisses me gently at first, then harder, and he’s a fantastic kisser, so now it’s easy. His curly brown hair brushes my forehead. We break apart and he looks at me closely, then lifts my hair off my neck and kisses me there.

“You’re beautiful.” he whispers, as he lets my hair fall. He kisses me again.

He runs his hands over me, down my back. Under my shirt. Gathering my skirt in his hands, he raises it to my waist and cups my ass in his hands. 

I feel Chris come up behind me. Mike’s still kissing me, and now Chris moves my hair and kisses the back of my neck. Shivers run through me. His hands slide over me, around to my front, where they hold my breasts. 

“Ok, I could get used to this.” I’m thinking. It feels so nice. Hands all over. Mouths too. Yum.

My skirt is up to my waist with Mike holding it there. Chris moves his hands down, slides my panties off me. I step out of them, and Mike grabs my bare ass...hauling me up against him.

His cock is hard and pushing against my stomach, and Chris steps back and looks at us.

“Oh god.“ he moans, and I stop kissing Mike long enough to grind back against him. “Take your shirt off too, love.” he says softly. So I do. 

I’m wearing no bra because I hate them, and Mike’s eyes go to my chest. He breathes in sharply as I stand there watching his reaction. I know I have a nice pair, I’ve been told it often; but the feeling of a man admiring them never lessens. He looks at my naked body and almost growls at me, then pulls me close to him again and kisses me deeply. Chris pushes against me from behind, and now the two of them are skin to skin against me. Chris moves his hands up and down the outside of my thighs. He’s hard as a rock now, I can feel him against my lower back. 

So many hands! 

“Come here.” Chris whispers. “Come here to me baby.” He steps away, and I turn around and kiss him. So now Mike is behind me, and he gets down on his knees. He pulls on my skirt and it comes off. Now I’m naked and they both still have their pants on and that’s not fair. So I unbutton Chris's pants...unzip them, tugging at them. He kicks them off. My brushes his belly, just below his navel, and he breathes in sharply. 

Mike watches us as I circle Chris’ cock with my hand. I cup his balls with the other one, gently kneading. His hands are all over me, memorizing me. Chris pulls away from me and lays back on the bed. He moves up so I have room, and I get up and kneel between his legs. I look at him and smile, then I take him into my mouth. I start to suck. 

“Jesus.“ says Mike breathlessly, and gets on the bed behind me, touching me all over. On my back, and my ass, down my legs. Everywhere. Then he runs a finger down the crack of my ass into my pussy.

“You’re so wet.” He groans low in his throat, and moves around. 

I’m not sure what he’s doing, because I’m sucking Chris, licking him, my head bobbing up and down on his cock. Then I feel him. He’s under me, lifting my leg so he can get at me, and I’m sitting on his face. 

It feels unreal, his tongue probing my pussy while I suck on Chris’ cock.

I push against his mouth.

“Oh god baby! Suck my cock.“ Chris is saying in that killer British accent, breathing hard, watching me with his big brown eyes. “You like that love? His mouth on your pussy, making you feel good? I know you do.“ his hands are in my hair, pushing me onto his cock, and I’m going to cum soon, I can feel it building inside of me. And then I do. Creaming on Mike’s tongue, with Chris’s dick hard in my mouth. It’s unbelievable, so intense, going on and on. Finally I stop shuddering and Mike moves out from under me, positioning himself behind me again. I can feel how hard he is as he presses his cock up against me.

I haven’t even seen it yet! Crazy. I think about it, hoping its nice, and then he’s sliding about seven inches inside me.

It’s a little awkward for a second, because we have to find the rhythm, but then he’s fucking me, and its VERY nice. It feels so wonderful, and I keep sucking Chris, using my tongue on him, making him squirm. I cannot believe this.

I’m going to cum again. Chris is telling me to wait, to slow down, but I cant. This is all crazy, but its good too. And I don’t know if I should be doing this, but man what a rush. And so here I go again. I’m pushing back against Mikes cock, and Chris is so hard in my mouth, and he’s saying 

“God that’s bloody GOOD!” And Mike is slowing down as I cum all over his cock. He pulls his still hard cock out of me, and I let Chris out of my mouth, and we’re all rearranging ourselves, switching positions, trying to figure it out. I laugh because it’s weird trying to get it right, but it’s fun too. So many hands!

Finally Mike is laying on the bed, on his back. I look at his cock for the first time; and it’s lovely, so I lean down and give it a kiss. He moans. I straddle him, and slide slowly down onto his cock, taking him inside me. Chris kneels behind me, covering my breasts with his hands, caressing my nipples. He puts his cock against me, and I think

“Are you kidding?“ as he puts it in my ass, but no, he’s serious and he slides it in slowly. It’s eight inches and rock hard, and I stiffen as he does it, waiting for the pain. It does hurt; but not too much, so I relax.

I’m not sure how to fuck both of them at the same time because its two directions at once and that’s insane. So I figure out that it‘s best if I stay still and they do the moving.. 

Mike reaches his hands up and puts them on my breasts, but Chris's hands are already there. He laughs, and so does Chris, then Chris lets go of one and says,

“Hell, have one.” And we all start laughing, but then we’re fucking again. I’ve never felt anything like this, two cocks inside me. I don’t know if its right, but its definitely new. And I love it.

Chris takes his free hand and slides it down my body softly. He reaches around, trying to get to my clit, but its kind of hard because of the motion. Then Mike says,

“I got it.” and sort of laughs. At this point all I can think is, Jesus-Jesus-Jesus. And he’s rubbing my clit, and I’m getting off again, and its crazy intense, almost like fainting. Mike goes, 

“Oh my god yes!” and Chris is really slamming me now in the ass, but it barely even hurts because I feel so good. Then he’s up against my back kissing my neck and saying , 

“Baby, I’m going to cum in your ass now.“ and he does then, saying as he does, “That’s a girl, take it, oh Jesus!” and pounding into me. I can feel it as he explodes; hot and wet. 

I open my eyes as he pours his seed into me and watch Mike’s face while he strains upwards. Like a chain reaction, he’s getting off now too, and as Chris is slowing down, Mike looks me in the eyes and thrusts deep inside of me, so hard now. 

“Give it to me.” I order him, and I feel so high.

Mike lifts his hips high off the bed, and he’s climaxing hard, so I grind my pussy against him as he does, feeling him fill me up. He cries out, over and over, bucking under me. He keeps going for so long, I haven’t ever seen anything like it. Finally, shaking, he stops. 

We all sort of collapse onto the bed. 

It’s a big bed, but we jumble together, enjoying the warmth and the closeness.

Eventually our breathing slows to normal, and I lay there, sleepy and happy. I’m starting to doze when Chris’ voice cuts thru the haze.

“Ready for another go, my love?” he grins.