 She moaned as she felt the whisper of a touch run the length of her naked thigh. The warmth of the callused male hand started the warm little flutters igniting in the pit of her stomach. She sighed as she felt his other hand begin the same path on her other thigh. Those wonderful warm hands stopped at the top of her legs where her panties started. The tips of his fingers slipped under the edge of her panties lightly stroking the dampened curls at the junction of her body; then slowly skimmed under her labia teasing her into wanton abandon. She began to writhe with approval as her body responded with heat to the exhilarating touch of her unseen lover. She whimpered in protest when he pulled his fingers from beneath the edge of her panties; then sighed with bliss as he hooked his fingers into the elastic and slowly pulled them down her legs until they were no more.

She felt his fingers at the front clasp of her bra and the next moment her breast spilled free into the warm palms of his hands. He palmed and kneaded her breasts until she was panting with ecstasy; then moaned in delirium as she felt her nipples being taken into the warm moist interior of his mouth. He sucked each nipple alternately almost to the point of pain, and then laved them gently with his tongue soothingly; slowly sliding down her body with his hands then following in their wake with his tongue. His palms skimmed down her rib cage and across the top of her taut flat stomach, where he slowly tantalised with his tongue then blowing warm air across her stomach making her break out in chill bumps, only she wasn't cold she felt as if her entire body was on fire.

Slowly his palms moved further down her body until he reached the dark triangle of curls that hid her essence from him. She jerked in response as she felt his hands on the inside of her thighs and gasped in shock or pleasure she knew not, when his hands gently prised her smooth thighs apart. She felt him settle between her thighs and held her breathe wondering what he would do next. He used his own legs to keep hers apart for easy access to her body.

She sighed with pleasure as she felt him skim the entrance to her vagina testing her arousal with his fingers. She heard him growl with pleasure as he said "You're so wet for me baby and I've waited a lifetime for this moment." She was about to ask who he was but was suddenly struck speechless when she felt the slide of his tongue inside her labia and then there were no thoughts at all as she felt him tongue her clit. She wiggled and squirmed as the pleasure he gave her became almost unbearable. He laved and sucked until she thought she was about to come apart. She started bucking her hips pushing into to his mouth sucking and laving and nearly pushed him off her with a wild buck when she felt his finger slide into her tight channel. 

He spread one of his large hands across her stomach holding her in place so he could administer to her pleasure. She felt a second finger join the other and tried to keep from screaming with pleasure as he stretched and filled her; sliding in and out of her hot vagina as he laved and sucked he clit. She could feel her juices running down her arse as she came closer and closer to the pinnacle. She felt her vagina walls tremor and quiver with the exquisite pleasure he was giving her. Slurping, sucking and finger fucking her until she thought the top of her head would blow off. She was so close now she did not even realise that she was chanting "don't stop, don't stop" breathlessly. 

He withdrew his finger from her tight pussy and she whimpered in distress until she felt the shaft of his thick penis at the entrance of her pussy. She was so close to climaxing she knew as soon as he was in her tight channel she would explode. 

"Nooooo" she screamed in distress as she jerked awake and realised she was dreaming again. She sat up and thumped the bed with her fist and growled with frustration. She had been having the same dream for over a month and with no man in her life she had no way of alleviating her fire but for the fake penis she had in her bedside drawer. She was utterly sick and tired of being horny and not having a gorgeous hunk in her life to help her become satiated. If she didn't get any satisfaction soon she was going to become one demented demonic bitch.

Grabbing her dildo she slowly slid it into her vagina until it was buried to the hilt. Slowly she pulled it out and again slid it all the way back in. She built a rhythm until she was pounding her channel and rocking her hips. She was so horny she felt she could cum at least ten times before she would be fully satisfied. She used the finger of one hand and started to gently rub her clit whilst she pounded her channel with her fake penis. Round and round her fingertip went slowly at first until she hit the perfect spot. When her vagina walls clenched she used all the fingers of her hand and started to rub her clit with vigour all the while pounding her dildo in and out, in and out of her channel, until both hands were frantically working in a frenzied rhythm. She wound tighter and tighter around the dildo gasping, panting and rocking, until she screamed in ecstasy, until she was cumming that hard she thought the dildo would be forever buried inside her. Coming back down gasping for breathe she decided she had had enough of this shit and it was time to find herself a man. After cleaning herself up she went back to bed to sleep for what was the rest of the night.

"Hi Sara" greeted Simone then next day when they met at work. "Wow I hope you don't mind me saying this but you look like shit."

"I feel like shit. I tell you if I don't get some real sex soon I am going to go crazy." Sara stated. 

"Oh you poor thing what's you need is a one night stand," replied Simone.

"No what I need is a week worth of sex everyday for the next month," Sara opined frustrated. 

Simone looked at Sara enquiringly as she raised her eyebrows. 

"I'll tell you about it lunch time, meet me in the usual place. Maybe you know someone or your man Tyler knows someone you can hook me up with" Sara stated with a quick wave of her fingers and took off for the elevator. 

Sara's morning dragged as she couldn't seem to concentrate on any one item other than the way her body was crying out for release. She finally sighed with relief when it came to her lunch time and she was off the work clock for the next hour. Hurriedly she grabbed her bag and headed off to the same diner her and Simone had been frequenting for the last year at lunch time.

"Hi," Sara sighed as she slid onto the seat opposite Simone. "Hi yourself," Simone replied in greeting. "I've taken the liberty of ordering the usual for you so now you concentrate and tell me what's up?" 

Sara groaned at the unintended double entendre Simone uttered, and then leaned forward to quietly talk to her friend. "I have a huge problem." She stated. "I am sexually deprived" she stated. 

"I know you haven't got a man at the moment but what do you mean by depraved? You could have any guy you wanted. Look at you. You're beautiful. You have a great figure beautiful face and hair most woman get out of a bottle. What gives?" Simone asked.

"I keep having the same erotic dream over and over again. Night after night I dream of this fantastic lover who rocks my world. I've been dreaming of him for about a month and I don't think I can take anymore," Sara almost sobbed. "This guy in my dream is familiar to me but I never see his face. I get so close to climax, I'm on the brink and then I wake up without fail just before I orgasm every single time. If I don't get sex soon I am going to go crazy. Wait I think I'm already crazy. I know that just no one is going to cut it. It's like I've met this guy already but I've never actually met him." Sara sighed knowing she probably wasn't making any sense to her friend.

"Oh you poor thing" Simone said sympathetically. "Any wonder you're wound so tight. What you need is to get seriously laid. Maybe Tyler could hook you up with one of his friends."

"I don't know? I've got this image in my head of what my dream lover may look like. I certainly know what he feels and smells like. These dreams feel so real. I can actually reach out and touch him. I know he is tall, really tall like about six foot three or four. He has a well sculpted body, you know a real six pack; but I've never actually seen him."

"Ooh he sounds gorgeous" Simone stated. "But if you don't mind me saying so, he is probably a figment of your imagination. How long is it since you got any? You've never mentioned a guy to me the whole time we've been working here and that's going on twelve months."

"About eighteen months" Sara said.

"What you need is a weekend of hot sweaty sex." Simone stated, "Why don't you let me get Tyler to hook you up with one of his sexy friends? You don't know for sure if his dream guy really exists, you may never know. Why not have some fun for a change?" 

"You're right I do need to get hot and sweaty and the way I've been feeling I'm liable to blow off to the stars. Okay ring Tyler and ask him to hook me up with one of his sexy single hunks" Sara stated.

With everything settled and after they'd eaten lunch they both headed back to the office. They finished out the day and met in the foyer of their work building. "Sara I called Tyler after lunch and he thinks he's knows the perfect guy for you. We're going to set up a meeting at our place Friday night after work, so pack some clothes and bring them in with you Friday and you can stay the weekend at my place. His name is Brad, I've met him, and he is as sexy as sin. You'll be great together. I don't think he's had a girl for a while either from what Tyler was saying. Maybe you'll both set my house on fire."

"Sounds great, I can't wait until Friday. I don't think this week is going to go fast enough" stated Sara.

Sara was wrong the week flew by in no time at all. Before she knew it she was following Simone to her place after work Friday evening.

Sara helped Simone with dinner and then they both showered and changed and enjoyed a glass of wine whilst they waited for the men to arrive. 

Tyler walked into the kitchen where Simone and Sara were chatting and grabbed his partner for a passionate kiss hello. Sara turned away to give them a little privacy and her eyes connected with brilliant green eyes. She gasped slightly as she took in the male specimen standing before her. "Hi I'm Brad" he stated as he looked into her eyes "and you must be Sara, Simone's friend." He stated as he walked forward to gently clasp her hand in a warm hand shake. 

"Hi Brad, pleased to meet you" stated Sara as she stared at the hot sexy hunk standing before her. He was very tall at least six foot three, from what she could see he had a great physique, black hair and the greenest eyes she had ever seen.

"No I think the pleasure is going to be mine" he stated with a husky voice. "You're beautiful."

Sara felt her cheeks grow warm at the compliment, and you're a hunk, she thought to herself. 

During dinner the two couples chatted so that Sara and Brad could get to know each other. The two women cleaned up the kitchen while the men went to sitting room to watch some television. "So what do you think of Brad?" Simone asked Sara.

"He's absolutely gorgeous and I want to jump his bones." 

"I think he wants to jump your bones too. He's hardly taken his eyes from you all night. Okay let's go join the men in the other room" Simone stated as she grabbed another bottle of wine from the fridge and opened it. 

Sara followed Simone into the sitting room where the two men lounged on separate sofas. Simone went and sat next to Tyler which left a seat next to Brad so Sara made herself comfortable. "I thought we'd watch a movie" Tyler stated as he got up to the television and inserted a DVD into the player. He then made himself comfortable again next to Simone. 

The DVD started and Sara held in a gasp as she realised it was an erotic movie. She felt Brad move closer to her and placed his arm around her shoulders and pulled her more firmly into her side. As they watched the DVD Sara tried to stay still and not make the arousal she was feeling obvious. She nearly jumped when she felt Brad's breath against her ear as he asked her "Have we met before?" 

"No I think I would remember you if we had," stated Sara. 

"You seem familiar to me" Brad breathed into her ear. He gently nibbled on her earlobe. 

Sara's breathing became laboured as she watched the television. A female was getting her pussy licked by a male while she sucked another male's cock.

Brad started nibbling down the length of her neck then back up and again he whispered into her ear, "I want to do that to you Sara. I can't wait to taste your juices." 

Sara whimpered on a sigh and quickly glanced to her left to see if Tyler and Simone could hear what Brad was saying to her. She gasped in shocked awe when she saw the other couple were already half naked. Simone had no top or bra on and Tyler was sucking her breasts whilst Simone's hand was down Tyler's pants caressing his cock.

Brad glanced over to the other couple when Sara gasped. He growled low in his throat then proceeded to slide his hand under her top to palm her breasts. Sara moaned as she felt Brad rub her nipple through her bra and arched her back in unconscious approval. Sara felt Brad's fingers at the front clasp of her bra and she felt her breasts spill free from their lacy confines. He reached down and tugged the hem of her top to pull it up over her head; Sara placed her hands atop of his to waylay his plans. She again glanced over to the other couple and nearly died with embarrassment and desire when she saw they were both totally naked. 

Simone was slouched on the sofa with her legs splayed wide and Tyler was kneeling at her feet also totally naked with an impressive hard on and was tonguing Simone's slit. Simone moaned in ecstasy when Tyler added a finger to her dripping wet pussy shoving it all the way in. 

Sara turned to Brad and leaned in to kiss him. She gave him an opened mouth tongue duelling hot kiss that seemed to last for hours yet was only minutes when she drew back to gasp in some much needed air. 

Brad tugged her top off and then lowered his head to her aching nipples he proceeded to suck and tongue her nipples until Sara was panting and writhing. She felt him slide his warm hand from her knee and up the inside of he silky thigh; and nearly come undone when Brad growled low in his throat as he fingers made contact with her warm wet shaved pussy. 

Sara arched her vagina into Brads probing fingers as she moved the palm of her hand to Brad's crotch. She felt his huge erection and purred with delight as she massaged his penis while he rubbed her clit. Brad moved with a quick abruptness and the next thing Sara knew he was kneeling on the floor between her legs; quickly he grabbed her thighs and slid her forward so that her bottom was on the edge of the sofa. He quickly pushed her skirt up out of the way and dived face first down to her wet creamy pussy. He tongued her clit until she was mad with pleasure and then he inserted two fingers into her hole. He pumped his fingers in and out of her pussy until she was almost frantic for the pleasurable release she knew he could give her. She was so close to cumming she felt her vaginal walls clench and twitch with anticipation. He suddenly withdrew his fingers and stood up watching her face as he put his fingers into his mouth licking her essence from his fingers. "You taste so good" he said in a low growl. 

Brad hands then reached for the waistband of his pants and undid them pulling them from his body and then lifted his top over his head until he was standing completely naked in front of her. Sara gasped in awe as she spied his massive erection; wondering if she would be able to accommodate him into her body. He sat on the sofa next her and gave her another tongue duelling open mouthed hot kiss. Then he gently guided her mouth down to his cock. 

Sara licked the top of cock as she acquainted herself with his size, shape and taste. She heard him groan with bliss as she took the tip of his penis into her mouth. He was so big she didn't think she would be able to get the whole head of his penis into her mouth; she was up for the challenge though. She licked up and down his hard thick shaft until he was well lubricated with her saliva. Then she opened her mouth wide and took him in. She heard him groan as she tried to take more and more into the depths of her warm moist mouth. She then slowly slid her mouth up again and then slowly down as far as she could. She could hear Brad panting as she slowly picked up a rhythm and then she wrapped both her hands around his large shaft and squeezed firmly. She felt Brad arch his hips as she was on a downward slide and nearly gagged as she took too much of him into her mouth. She eased back a little and then increased the rhythm of her mouth and her and used her hands to slide up and down his large shaft. She pumped and sucked him and brought him to the brink of climax again and again. 

Suddenly he stopped her and stood up taking her with him in his arms. He carried her into the large master bedroom where she saw that Simone and Tyler were sucking each other in the position of a sixty nine. She glanced warily at Brad noting he was watching for her a reaction. Sara reached up framing his face with the palm of her hands and kissed him with horny fervour. 

It must have been the reaction Brad had been waiting for because she felt him start walking across the room to the massive bed where he laid her down on the opposite side of the bed. He kissed her again and again and then he kissed his way down to her luscious breasts and suckled one nipple whist he rolled the other one between his thumb and forefinger. When she was writhing again he slid further down her body and licked her clit and vagina again and again. 

He then moved to position himself and aligned his huge cock with then entrance of her pussy and slowly pushed himself in. Sara gasped in reaction as she felt herself being stretched to the point of pain. She nearly came undone when she was suddenly moved by Brad and Tyler into the centre of the bed. Tyler started licking one of her nipples and Simone was licking the other. Brad eased himself in and out of her advancing a little more each time. She was writhing in pain and ecstasy as she felt sensation from her breasts travel like lightning down to her vagina. Tyler reached down and started rubbing her clit all the while still sucking her nipple while Simone sucked the other. 

She heard Brad groan as he felt her tense muscles relax and pushed himself all the way into her. He started pumping his huge cock in and out of her faster and faster while Tyler rubbed her clit; and he and Simone sucked her nipples. Her breathing became faster and faster as she got closer and closer to orgasm. 

She heard Brad groan "I've waited a lifetime for this. She's going to come."

She came on a scream and felt Brad withdraw his huge cock. To her embarrassment and delight He and Tyler knelt down to her pussy and they took turns sucking up all her juices. She was floating on a cloud of satiation. 

Tyler grabbed Simone and moved her next to Sara and proceeded to penetrate her with his cock. Brad leant over and moved Sara so she was sitting next to Simone and guided her head to Simone's breast. Sara licked tentatively and then with more gusto as she got into the swing of things. Brad moved to the other side of Simone and also started sucking and licking her other nipple. Simone was going wild with pleasure. "More" she yelled "I need more. Please" she whimpered. Sara watched as Tyler withdrew from Simone and flipped her over and positioned to her knees. Tyler then proceeded to lick Simone's arse making her nice and wet and slippery. He then proceeded to enter her arse with his cock. She heard him groan as he buried himself to the hilt. Brad then slid in under her and carefully pulled her down and positioned her over his great cock. 
