 I had just cracked another knuckle when Lydia, our neighbor from across the street, stuck her head in the garage.

"Howdy neighbor" she said.

I was muttering words I knew she would not approve of, so I responded with a gruff "Hey."

"Everything alright?" she asked with a slight smirk on her face.

"Yeah yeah, I'm ok, just busted another knuckle."

"Maybe you should pay someone to work on that old car."

"Maybe you've been hanging out with my wife too much."

"Maybe so, but hey, I was wondering if you could keep an eye on the place this weekend?"

"Why? What's up?"

"Oh, nothing much, just me and Derrick are going to take our little Jake down to see his Derrick's parents."

"Not taking Shanda with you?" I asked, now intrigued. Shanda was Derrick and Lydia first child. Lydia had gotten pregnant just weeks after graduating high school. They had worked hard with a child in tow to get to where they are now and had decided to have another child when Shanda was 16. Shanda had grown up with all the love and support any child could ever need, but she took after her mom and was kind of a wild one. Derrick had been a strict disciplinarian, keeping tabs on her and trying his best to keep her in line. They had done a good job from my perspective. Shanda was now 18, she had just graduated high school, all A's and B's Lydia would remind us, and had a half scholarship to the University of Tennessee for track.

Oh and Shanda could run, I would always see her out in the morning or afternoon, running up and down the neighborhood streets. She had long legs, which made her seem taller than her 5'7", and her black hair was always pulled back tight in a ponytail that went down to her shoulder blades. She was very fit, and she loved to show it, running in skintight shorts and a sports bra when it was warm out. She had tight, well-toned abs, and a high and tight ass that only a teenager could posses. The only part of her that did not fit was her bust. She took after her mom, who was an easy DD, but Shanda was smaller, probably a good C, but they looked huge on her short, thin frame.

I had fantasized about her many times while at home alone with no one to catch me. Seeing her in those tight shorts and top always had me ready for action.

"No, she has a meeting with UT rep Friday afternoon, and Derrick and I would like to be leaving Friday morning." Lydia responded.

"Ok, sure, we'll keep an eye out. When will you be back?"

"Sunday, late probably."

"No problem." I said as I leaned back under the hood.

Lydia turned and began walking down the driveway, swaying her hips. I gave a small peek out the side window. She still had it, and she knew it.

---

I trudged inside an hour later, bleeding and sore, but a job well done. I found my wife, Kera, upstairs in our office hacking away at some document on her work laptop.

"New water pump is on." I said.

"Ok." She responded without looking up.

"And Lydia came by to ask if we would watch their place this weekend."

"Ok." Again, without looking up or changing facial expressions.

"They are running down to see Derrick's folks and taking Jake with them."

"They aren't taking Shanda with them?" she responded, her eyes moving from her laptop to look at me for only a short second.

"Lydia said she has a meeting with a UT rep on Friday afternoon and they will be gone Friday morning and won't be back till Sunday late."

"Really," my wife said, finally stopping her typing, "so they are leaving that cute little thing to her own devices?" My wife had a smile growing on her face.

"Cute thing? What are you talking about?" I asked curiously.

"I've seen you looking at her, and I don't blame you, I remember when I looked like that at her age. I always loved looking at other girls that had those nice bodies like her. She's a hot little number."

My wife had a wide grin on her face. She had always liked girls, and had always enjoyed having little flings with other ladies. She had been openly bi since we first met. I had never benefited greatly from it, but I had been lucky enough to see my wife make-out and pet lightly with more than a few women. I had always given her free range when it came to women, knowing that that was itch I could not scratch for her. She had gone off only twice to spend a weekend with another lady she had met, but she always came back, and she always let me in on all the naughty details, usually while I ate her pussy or during the a-woman-still-can't-give-dick-and-that's-why-I'm-back sex.

"Whatcha gonna do? She's nice to look at." I retorted.

"And I'm not?" My wife said, rising from her chair.

"I'm not going down this road." I said, attempting to dodge this debate.

"Smart man." My wife said, returning to her seat. I breathed a short sigh of relief.

My wife was a hottie in her own right at 34. She was 5'10, had long blond hair cut in slight layers down to her shoulders. She was well tanned thanks to that tanning salon membership. She worked out 4 times a week and did her best to keep herself in shape. But, my wife had always been self-conscious about her breast. When I met her she had no chest to speak of, and after we got married and a few years past, my wife had worked into what she called "barely above flat chested". She had always complained that nothing fit because of her flat chest.

So after my wife and I celebrated our 10-year anniversary, she informed me she wanted implants. We had gone to see a surgeon and I had let her handle to process from there. I told her I wanted to see how it would come out as a surprise; she had thought the idea cute and agreed. Weeks later when she returned home from the surgery she had worn a sweatshirt that was probably 4 sizes too big. She would not let me see for a week because she wanted me to see them as they will be once the swelling went down. So I waited. The following weekend she had had me sit on the edge of the bed with my eyes closed for the unveiling. She stood right in front of me and placed my hands on her new breast. They felt great, and they were HUGE. She instructed me to open my eyes, and I was shocked at the sight. They were high and firm and giving me a huge erection. My wife smiled at me and informed me that she was now a full D cup with a huge smile on her face. She then told me she now had something to match my thick 7 inch cock.

The sex that night was fantastic, especially when she would ride me with her breast hanging down in my face so I could pet them and suck the nipples. She finished me off by giving a slow and deep blowjob, then jerking the cum out of my cock onto her new breast, to "you know, break them in right".

---

Thursday night and Friday passed as all time seems to at this age. I went to the shop. My wife went off to save the accounts of any company willing to pay the fee of an accountant with a Master's in Accounting and a Bachelor's in Economics. Me, my rates were much lower, but I did what I loved.

I was pulling in the neighborhood at near to 6. It was another gorgeous day in west Tennessee, 84 degrees and just a few thick clouds in the sky. Nice weather always meant nice things to look at, and like clockwork, there was Shanda. She was huffing it up the street back towards her house. I got an eyeful of her read-end and worked my way up slowly past her. She gave that gorgeous smile and a short wave, I slowed and rolled the window down.

"Got the place to yourself I hear."

"Yep," she responded, no where near out of breath, "gonna throw a huge party, invited half the county."

"What, we not good enough for an invite?" I said with an incredulous smile.

"Your welcome over anytime, you should know that." She responded, her smile broadening.

"Well keep it quiet, would hate to call your dad."

"Awww, but Mr. Paddis..." She whined with a big smile on her face.

"You be good." I said, and pulled away and up into my house's garage. I pulled in next to my wife's car and went inside.

"I'm home!" I announced as I came in the door.

"Hey hunny." My wife called out as she bounced down the stairs. I always loved seeing her do that, and I am sure she knew it.

"You have a good talk with Shanda?" My wife asked, her body language said busted, but her smile said this was gag. I decided to push the envelope a little.

"Yeah, she said she was having a huge party tonight and that I should stop by after I put you to bed."

"Funny." My wife smirked.

"Anyway, what's for dinner?"

---

Friday night passed without any wild parties or incidents. I was greeted Saturday morning to dark clouds that only spoke of one thing, rain. I spent most of the day watching TV and drinking a few beers while my wife wrapped up her week on her laptop. The rain started ramping up around 2 that after noon, and by 3, we were both watching the local news forecasting hard rain and strong storms for the night and into the morning. We began dinner at 6, and just as I got water boiling, the power went out. The backup generator kicked on, but power was out for the rest of the neighborhood as best as I could tell. I made a call to the Power Company, and I was informed a pole had fallen and it would be a while.

Just as dinner was getting finished, my wife made the suggestion that I brave the elements and check on Shanda. Just to see if she had anything to eat or wanted to eat with us. I grabbed an umbrella and trekked across the street. I knocked on the door and Shanda answered after a minute wearing a short bathrobe. I wondered in my head what was underneath it.

"Power is out" she said after a short delay from me, I was distracted.

"Not at our place, we have a generator. Why don't you get some things and come over till they get it fixed?"

"Ok, come inside while I get a few things." She said, and quickly turned and went back into the house.

I moved into the entryway watching Shanda and her tight little bottom move around the corner to the right. I heard her walk up the stairs as I closed the door behind me and walked into the kitchen. All the lights were out and the house was dead silent. I moved to the left and saw the master bedroom door was open slightly. I peeked in, not really sure what I was looking for. I saw a typical bedroom, bed, mirror nightstands, lamps. Maybe I was just curious as to why it was left cracked, not open, not closed, just slightly ajar.

I heard Shanda moving back down the stairs. I turned and walked back into the kitchen just as Shanda stepped off the stairs. She was wearing a red Hollister T-shirt, which went great with her black hair and tanned complexion, and a pair of cut off jean shorts. Her raven black was brushed down her back. I was taken back slightly by this.

"Your hair is down." I said flatly.

"Does it look ok?" she asked with an unsure look on her face.

"Yeah, it looks great, just always see you with it in a ponytail."

"I like it up when I run, which is almost always, but I thought I would wear it down."

I thought this over for a second, but came to the idea that this girl, this young lady, this beautiful creature, was half my 36 years, and it was probably just nothing. I left it at that.

"Ok, well let's head back to the house, we are just about finished with dinner."

"Great, I'm starved." She said with a smile.

We walked across the street, both of us huddled under the umbrella. I could smell something sweet and light with her up near me, it was soft like honeysuckle. That sweet smelled and her body in that close proximity to me was causing a tightening of my jeans. Parts of me wished I had a bigger umbrella, other parts wished for a smaller one.

We reached the house and ducked inside, slightly damp, but no worse for wear. My wife noticed my erection immediately and shook her finger at me in a "tisk tisk" fashion. I shrugged and gave her the "oh well" look.

My wife had laid out three plates piled high with shrimp, fettuccini noodles and alfredo sauce and three glasses of white wine. I raised my eyebrow only slightly at this, but my wife informed me in a whisper that she has probably had alcohol before and to quit being so old.

We ate and talked for hours. We talked about Shanda going off to college and the trouble we had all been in during those days. A lot of the time was spent with my wife dragging up memories of me being the poor grease monkey doing everything I could to date the lovely young woman that became my wife. I usually had a good retort, but my wife was right, if it wasn't for my stubbornness, we would have never been together. With her being much smarter than I, starting college at 16; and me with dreams of owning my own mechanic shop, things could have worked out much differently. But in the end we were together.

Shanda was very amused by this. She gave out long awws at my wife's tales of me trying to impress her and how I used to work on her old beat up Toyota for free.

---

The clock had worked around to after 11 when my wife announced she was ready for bed. She gave me a quick wink and a grin before prancing off to the bedroom. With the power still out and the rain still falling I offered Shanda our guest bedroom, which she gladly accepted, and I headed for my bedroom, excited to see what my wife was up to. I had seen that wink and grin before, and it usually meant good things.

My wife had turned all the lights out in our bedroom and had lit one candle, in the faint glow I could see her lying with her stomach down and her legs kicked up behind her. She was nude, and I was in high hopes.

"You ready for bed?" I asked.

"Almost," she said, "I just need a little something first."

I grinned at this, and even in the low light, I could see my wife's broad smile. I closed the door and moved for the bed. My wife reached out and began stroking my cock through my jeans as I approached. The sensation was great, I was rock hard and my head was already buzzing.

"What's all this about?" I asked

"I just got to thinking about how much you love me and how much you did to show it to me in those days, I just wanted to thank you." My wife explained.

My wife unbuttoned my jeans and slid my boxers down with them. My cock sprang free right in her face. She gave a small giggle and wrapped her lips around my cock. I did my best to step out of my clothes without disconnecting from her soft suction. I pulled my shirt off over my head and gently placed my hands on my wife's bare shoulders.

She was pushing down now, swallowing my entire length to my trimmed pubic hair then pulling all the way back up to the tip. I let out a soft moan as she began to pet my balls with her hand while her other hand was busy between her legs.

"Baby, your gonna make me cum." I whispered through clenched teeth.

"Well we can't have that yet," she teased, "I'm horny and need you inside me."

She moved up to her knees on the bed and pulled me down on to the mattress. She pushed me down with my head on the pillows and straddled over the top of me with her back to me. She reached down and guided my cock into her pussy, moving slowly, inch by inch as my length pushed into her. Once I was buried into her completely she began to move in slow up and down motions on my cock. I placed my hand on her ass and greedily squeezed the cheeks in my hand.

Then sensations were magic as always. My wife was leaned back, moaning sweet words and obscenities to the ceiling while she squeezed her breast with one hand and pet her clit with the other. My wife reached peak after peak, thrusting down hard on my pelvis at the top, only to return to her slow pace as she rode down from one orgasm and then back up to the other.

I was just along for the ride.

It wasn't long before I could feel my own orgasm building. I tried what I could to stretch it out, but it was too much watching my wife ride me like this.

I opened my mouth to tell my wife I was close when she pulled off of me suddenly.

"What the?" I inquired.

"I saw something." she whispered.

"Saw what?" I asked, now frustrated as my orgasm was fading.

"In the door, it's open." She hissed at me.

My wife climbed off the bed and pulled on a pajama shirt.

"Go see what it is." She said, pushing me up from the bed.

I pulled on some boxers and my recently discarded t-shirt.

"You owe me." I whispered to her as low as I could muster at the moment and moved to the door.

Sure enough, she was correct; the door was open, just an inch. I pushed it open the rest of the way and peered into the darkness. I could see nothing out of the ordinary, and began moving slowly through the house. No unlocked doors, no broken windows. I checked each room, one by, and came to the guest bedroom door last.

I could hear a faint sound, like humming, and something else. Something wet.

My eyes went wide as I came to realization. Shanda was masturbating right on the other side of this door. She had seen us, maybe even been watching us. For how long I wondered.

Moved as quietly as possible back to the bedroom.

"Well?" My wife asked as soon as I entered the room.

"Come with me." I instructed.

"Where?" my wife asked, immediately on the defensive.

"Just come on."

I took my wife's hand and guided her through the house. We came to the guest bedroom door and I looked at her with my finger over my lips. I pointed to my ear, then to the door.

The noise was unmistakable now. The humming had rose in pitch and the wet soft noise was moving at a more frantic pace.

"She's masturbating." My wife said.

"I think she saw us, maybe was even watching us."

"What do you want to do?"

"I say we peek in on her." I said with and evil grin.

My heart was pounding, the thought of seeing Shanda like this was nearly too much. I had fantasized about her so much since she had reached her womanhood; this was near culmination for me.

"Well peek in, I wanna see to." my wife grinned.

I eased down ever so slowly on the door handle and pressed my eye to the slowly growing crack. The light in the room was near non-existent, but I could just barely make out a shape on the bed. My wife peaked in below my head, but there was not much to see.

There was much to hear though; Shanda was just peaking, her moans growing in urgency through her bitten lower lip as she rushed up towards her orgasm. I was ready to cum in my boxers, when my wife bumped into the back of me trying for a better view. My head hit the door with thud and I cursed aloud.

Shanda let loose an "OOOOHmywhattheuuuuuhhhhhhggggg." As I half fell into the room. She was coming down from an obviously hard orgasm as she tried to figure out what was going on. My wife hit the light switch and stomped into the room as Shanda quickly covered herself in the comforter.

"What were you doing?" My wife charged.

"Nothing." was Shanda's weak response.

"Not THAT, were you watching us?"

"Yes ma'am." Shanda admitted after a few second, her eyes dropping to her feet.

"Did you like what you saw?" My wife asked in a matter of fact tone.

"Yes ma'am." Shanda reply, more sheepish than before.

"You had better explain yourself." My wife threatened.

"I... I was so horny. When the power went out I was at home alone, ya know, touching myself when Mr. Paddis came over. I was so horny all night." A tear had set in Shanda's eye, she was still unable to look at us. "I was going to go to bed, but I could here you in the bedroom, and I wanted to see."

"Well?" my wife said in a much gentler tone.

"Well, once you saw me, I came right back here. But, I couldn't wait, I had been.... been petting my cunny while I watched you. I was so close to cumming when you saw me I didn't want to wait."

I had been listening to all this and was near ready to pass out. She had seen us. Seen my beautiful wife riding me, and had gotten so turned on that she was masturbating while watching us. I sat down at the foot of the bed and looked at Shanda. She was still so young in that beautiful body, it was hard to sort out from here.
