 My summer job while between college semesters was general laborer at a city park. The city had converted an old gravel pit into a lakeside park, including swimming, boating, fishing, and wooded trails. It was nice place, and usually a nice place to work. Nothing super hard about what they had me doing... selling food at concessions, cleaning bathrooms, renting boats, stuff like that. Generally the people I worked with were cool, too... my age and just looking to earn a little money and screw off a lot. 

Each week we'd get assigned a daily shift. Tonight's shift was my favorite: Night Patrol. Basically show up later, shoo people out of the park when it closed, then hang out until midnight to make sure no locals jumped the fence for a late night swim. I should say USUALLY my favorite. The park was PACKED today...one of those days with a miserable combination of high heat, high humidity, and no wind. My boss had me doing trash pickup... walking the grassy area adjacent to the beach, looking for crap people threw down. Needless to say I was soaked and relatively sure my deodorant had given up the fight.

A rumble of thunder off in the distance caught everyone's attention. Big black clouds were climbing into the sky off in the distance. Another rumble, then a breath of wind kicked up. I stopped and just enjoyed the faint hint of cool it brought. All around me beach-goers were whipping out their phones, presumedly to check the local weather forecast. Then slowly at first, but with a growing sense of urgency, everyone started to pack up. Mothers called kids out of the water to begin the drying off process.

My boss Ray came out of the break room attached to the concession stand and got on the walkie talkie, ordering all of us to his location. When we had gathered, he let us know the rain was coming for sure but we still needed to do our normal close of park activities... empty trash barrels, clean out barbecues, count concessions, clean bathrooms, etc. During a normal day we had about a dozen people at work. Ray broke us into 2 person teams and got us going. My partner Greg and I had the east side the beach and greens, which we made quick work of. By the time we had finished, rain was starting to fall and the park was deserted except for staff. We made our way to the break room to hang out.

The teams trickled back in. A few of us started a game of euchre while others threw stuff from their lockers into backpacks. The breakroom didn't have air conditioning but it did have a large garage door which we rolled up to watch the storm come in. The last team to finish were the 2 girls who were on Night Patrol with me... Karen and Zoe. They came in at a dead run, both obviously soaked to the skin. Zoe went right to her locker & grabbed a towel but Karen stood in the door laughing.

"Look at how wet I am!" she announced, arms out. And the room went silent. Karen was wet alright. Her cheap uniform shirt clung to her like a second skin. We could all very clearly see the outline of her breasts and her tiny, hard nipples poking through. I gawked for a second then walked to my locker, grabbed a sweatshirt, and walked over to her.

"Here, put this on."

She looked at me like I'd gone nuts. "I'm not cold, Mike... I'm soaked!"

"Karen... look down." She did so and instantly turned beet red. She grabbed the sweatshirt, whipped around, and quickly pulled it on over her head. Turning back around she shot me a grateful smile. I returned to my seat to the glares of all my male co-workers. What can I say? I was raised to be a gentleman.

Ray came into the breakroom.

"OK gang, it looks like we're going to rain out early tonight. Mike, Karen, and Zoe have Night Patrol; the rest of you can clear out. Good work today!"

Ray was just as eager to leave as everyone else... an early Saturday night was a rare thing. He made sure we knew to patrol the lake a few times and to lock up everything, then he left. What had begun as a crowded, miserably hot shift ended in the 3 of us alone.

"Anybody want an ice cream?" We were allowed to grab anything from concessions while on Night Patrol, as long as we didn't abuse the privilege. I figured we deserved one after the hot start to the shift. Both girls nodded and smiled. The flopped on the broken down couch as I went into concessions, grabbed 3 cones, and went back in. The girls were whispering to each other as I approached.

"Karen told me what you did, Mike. That was really nice." Zoe was never afraid to speak her mind. She had a reputation as a wild child, at least verbally. 

I blushed a little. "No problem... anyone would have done it."

"No," said Karen, "Not everyone would have. We have pretty solid evidence that only you would have. Thank you."

Not knowing what else to say, I just smiled. We settled into a comfortable silence, enjoying our ice cream and watching the rain fall. It was even more humid now with the rain, but the heat had abated some.

Finishing my cone, I tossed the wrapper into the trash and faced the girls. "Do you want to do a quick drive around the lake?" The park had an aged Chevy truck with a bench seat. We used it when patrolling, doing a leisurely cruise on the walking trail around the lake. I grabbed the keys off of the hook on the wall where they lived.

"Hang here for a minute," I told them, then darted off into the rain. It was really coming down now. The parking lot was far enough off that I was drenched by the time I got to the truck. I fumbled with the keys for a sec then piled into the driver's seat. Starting the truck, I drove it to the garage entrance to the break room, passenger door facing the girls. I popped their door open so they'd only get a little more wet as they ran for the truck.

Once everyone was in, I started on a clockwise route around the lake. The lake is fairly large, with the path being a couple miles in length. Due to the rain and wet, I kept the windows up and the air on low...which is when it became evident that yes, my deodorant had failed. The interior of the truck had distinct wet dog odor.

"Good Lord, we stink!" said Zoe into the silence. We all laughed at that; apparently I wasn't the only one who'd noticed.

"No kidding," said Karen. "Would it be so hard to put showers in the breakroom?"

"Who needs showers? We can just rinse off in the rain."

I hit the brakes; Karen and I stared at Zoe. 

"What?" she asked? "It's raining hard enough to be a shower, and there's no one around. Who'd know?"

"Zoe... you can't be serious?" asked Karen.

"Sure am!" And with that, Zoe popped open the passenger side door and stepped into the rain. Leaving the door open, she peeled off her shirt and, reaching behind her, quickly popped the clasp of her bra. I gawked as her breasts came into sight. They were big, with gumdrop sized nipples that barely sagged when her bra came off. I watched them wobble and sway as she quickly pulled off her shorts and panties and tossed them into the cab of the truck. She grinned at Karen and me, then slammed the door and walked into the dark towards the lake, hips swaying.

"Holy fuck..." I breathed. Even that short glimpse of nakedness had me chubbing out in my pants.

"No shit" returned Karen. "What do we do now?"

My mind was already made up. "I don't know about you," I said, opening my side of the truck, "But I'm feeling pretty dirty."

As quickly as I could my shirt and shorts came off. Standing there naked in the rain, I stared at Karen staring at me. The rain was warm so shrinkage was not an issue. I gave her a big grin and closed my door, leaving her alone in the cab. I trotted off around the truck to find Zoe, my pecker bouncing and leading the way.

Zoe was not hard to find. She was standing thigh deep in the lake, splashing water on herself. I waded in next to her. She stopped and stood looking at me, hands on her hips, legs slightly spread. If she was concerned about my nudity or hers, she didn't show it.

"Yes?" she asked in a challenging voice.

For a second I wonder if I had misread the situation, the gentleman in me wanting to be...well, gentlemanly. But then the horndog side came to my rescue. 

"Would you like a hand?" I asked with a big, innocent grin on my face. 

Zoe stonefaced me for a second, then cracked up.

"Sure. What did you have in mind?"

I stepped behind her and, scooping up as much water as I could, splashed it over her shoulders, following it with my hands. I ran my hands slowly down her back in one long stroke. She gave a contented mmmm, leaning into me, not pulling away when my cock poked her. As her back rested against my chest, I ran my hands up her arms, up the sides of her face, and into her hair, burying my hands in the wet mass and massaging her scalp for a spell.

Extracting my hands from her hair without pulling it was tough but I managed. This time, I ran my hands slowly down her front. She reached behind her and began stroking my thighs, working her way up as I worked my way down. I let my fingers strum over her nipples then cupped her breasts. They were way more than a handful and I loved the heft of them. 

At the same time her hands reached my rock hard cock, one cupping my balls while the other wrapped itself around me. I couldn't help pushing into her when she did so, which made her chuckle. 

"I can't believe I'm getting paid for this," she murmured, leaning her head back against me and kissing my jaw.

"Me either... best day of work EVER!" 

That got us both laughing. A noise by the shore made us look up. There stood Karen, just as naked as us but with her hands covering her breasts and pussy. Her eyes were wide as she stared at us.

"Wow, I leave you kids alone for 2 seconds and look what happens!" Her remark, completely deadpan, cracked Zoe and me up. We split apart as Karen waded in a little deeper. Apparently seeing us laughing put her at ease enough to drop her hands. Her breasts were smaller than Zoe's but very perky. Her nipples were so tiny but looked diamond hard.

We all stood there looking at each other for a second then Zoe lunged and shoved me backwards. 

"Tag! You're it!"

I shook water out of my face and struggled to get back up. Zoe had already dived for deeper water. Karen saw me coming and scrambled after her, cackling. I charged after them, sending a surge of water in front of me. As soon as I could I dove in and, reaching out, tagged Karen on her hip. I reversed and dove deep, trying to come up far away from her. I surfaced quietly, blinking water out of my eyes and trying to see where they were. Karen was now in pursuit of Zoe. It was obvious that she was much faster as she closed and reached out a hand.

"Ow, you little bitch!" Zoe laughed. "You pinched my ass!"

Karen stuck out her tongue and backstroked away, her breasts out of the water. I could not believe this was happening!

Zoe started to go after Karen but spotted me, too. I pointed at Karen and mimed grabbing her. Zoe nodded and kept going. I dove again and swam as fast I could to where I thought Karen was going. I surface just behind her and wrapped my arms around her. She shrieked, surprised and struggling but I had her tight around her middle. I was tall enough to stand on the bottom, giving me leverage. Zoe closed the distance between us and began tickling Karen, who dissolved into giggles. I let her go and, reaching around, started tickling Zoe. She looked she couldn't make up her mind to escape me or continue tickling Karen.

"Karen, "she gasped! "Get him!"

Karen spun around and started to tickle me, as did Zoe. I'm not usually ticklish but apparently being tickled by 2 cute, naked women was my Kryptonite. I giggled uncontrollably... in a very manly way, of course. Reaching out I scooped them both up and pulled them to me in an effort to stop them. It did... and smashed 2 sets of breasts into my chest, which sent a lightning bolt to my crotch. I stood there holding my 2 naked coworkers, their legs scissored around me. I could feel Karen's bush against 1 thigh and Zoe's smooth crotch against my other. Holy shit what a feeling.

We stood there in the lake and rain, all of us breathing heavily. I walked towards the shore until I was sure they could stand, then let them down, their bodies sliding against mine. Neither seemed interested in leaving my side... no complaints here!

"Well that was different," said Karen.

"Was? What makes you think it's over?" shot back Zoe. "C'mon, let's go get the truck."

Once again her naked ass led the way. She climbed into the driver's seat. I took the middle this time with Karen taking the last seat. We sat there in the dark, dripping and naked for a second. I decided to make the first move, reaching around them both and pulling them against me. My arms were long enough to be able to fondle a breast in each hand. Heavy and large vs firm and small... wow.

Zoe reached out and gripped my cock again, sliding it up and down slowly. Karen looked down, mesmerized. Slowly, hesitantly, she started stroking my thigh, eyes still locked on my erection. I zeroed in on their nipples, feeling Zoe's gumdrop roll around in my left hand fingers while gently pinching Karen's in my right. They both let out little moans of appreciation as I continued.

Karen's hand had been creeping closer and closer to my erection. Zoe, seeing this, reached out and took her hand, leading it to me. It didn't appear Karen was fighting her. She gently gripped me, squeezing as she did so. Zoe joined above her, both their hands on my dick. Now it was my turn to give a little moan.

"Hey Karen, he likes it!" Zoe said. Karen giggled. "Who'd have guessed a guy would like getting a hand job from 2 girls? What are the odds?"

"Better than average," I chimed in. This set us all off giggling again. 

Zoe released me, leaving Karen jacking me off. She started the truck and popped it into drive.

"I don't think there's enough room in this truck for all 3 of us, the way things are going. Back to the break room!"

The path wasn't made for high speed, so we crawled the rest of the way around the lake. Since Zoe had shifted, I moved hand to her thigh, caressing it and working my way towards her pussy. She spread her legs as much as she could to help. I needed all the help I could get...between Karen's hand and breast and Zoe's thigh, I was in stimulation overload. Finally I managed to slide a finger between her legs and in between the lips of her pussy. She gave a jerk, revving the engine a bit. Karen looked up and over, seeing where my hand was.

"Hey! I want some of that!" she said, releasing my dick and leaning back. She spread her legs as wide as she could.

"My pleasure, ma'am." I said in a horrible Southern drawl. Soon I had my left hand curled into Zoe's pussy and my right into Karen's. Zoe's driving became erratic. Karen kept her eyes closed, biting her lip as I felt them both become wetter and wetter. I zeroed in on their clits, using 2 fingers to slide around them. With a shuddering cry, Karen came first, hunching against my hand. Zoe was right behind her, her foot coming off the gas and the car coasting to a stop as she cried out. I felt like the God of Sex, bring them both off like that.

Knowing their girly parts could become too sensitive, I stopped stroking, just letting my fingers nestle in their wet warmness. After some deep breaths, Zoe was able to continue driving. We were almost back to the breakroom now. A quick glance at the parking lot showed no cars besides our 3... we were still safe and visitor free.

Zoe pulled in next to the still open garage door. The rain was still coming down but we didn't mind as we grabbed our clothes and piled out of the truck. Once we were inside I closed the garage door and made sure the doors were locked, just in case. The girls had taken over the couch again and just watched me. Once I was done, I walked back to them and squeezed into the middle again.

"That was very, very nice Mike," said Karen. "Thank you."

"I'll second that. Good thing we weren't on the highway or we'd all be dead," chimed in Zoe. She and I laughed at that. Karen didn't join in. She looked at the 2 of us.

"Zoe... we should do something nice for Mike now," she said.

"Oh yeah? What do you have in mind?" 

Karen didn't answer...at least, not verbally. Shifting slightly, she bent and took my cock in her mouth. It was so unexpected I whipped my head to look at Zoe, eyes wide. She looked back at me, eyes just as wide. Apparently Karen was full of surprises tonight.

"Oh... REALLY nice," she said. "Good call." She reached out and pulled Karen's hair out of the way, entranced at my cock going in and out of her mouth. I let my head drop back onto the couch cushion, enjoying the hell out of her warm mouth and very active tongue. I felt Zoe move and heard her say, "OK, don't hog it all" followed by a hand gripping the base of my dick. I damn near gave myself whiplash sitting up just in time to see Karen pull back and Zoe dive onto my, her lips brushing against her hand on the first try. She jerked me a little as she sucked, sending a surge directly into my balls.

"Holy SHIT!" I yelled. Zoe giggled around my cock. Karen just reached down and cupped my balls, enjoying her turn to watch the action up close. I have no doubt Zoe could have made me cum without too much effort, but she seemed contented to keep my rock hard without pushing me over the edge. After a minute or 2 she pulled off me and, holding me straight up, let Karen take over. A different technique but the same intent... pleasure without the punch. 

I sat there with my hands stroking their backs, just watching and enjoying the sensations. Never in my wildest dreams had I ever expected anything like this!

When Karen pulled off a second time, she looked determined. She climbed up onto my lap, forcing Zoe to move over. With no hesitation she grabbed my cock and placed it at the entrance to her pussy, pushing slowly down until I was fully in her. Damn was she hot! She took a minute to get used to me, then started riding me up and down slowly with her eyes closed. 

Zoe looked at me grinning. "How did you say it? 'Best day of work EVER?' Hell yeah!" I just nodded my head in agreement. Zoe stood and, standing behind Karen, rested her hands on her shoulders, rubbing gently. Karen leaned into her hands, comfortable with Zoe's presence behind her. Zoe leaned in closer and began to push Karen down with the down stroke, making her mash her pussy into my pubic bone harder. Karen gave a little moan with each one, taking on a frantic air, riding me harder. 

I had been hard for too long. This extra stimulation drove me over the edge. "Karen, I'm gonna cum!" I breathed. Karen shifted into overdrive, jack hammering down on me, assisted by Zoe. We came almost simultaneously, me pushing and pulsing into her and she collapsed down on top of me. Zoe rubbed her back through her orgasm and aftershocks almost tenderly.

When we both had come down from our high and our breathing returned to normal, Karen gingerly pulled off me. She gave me a very happy, very tired smile then grabbed her clothes and headed to the ladies room.

I just sat there in a cloud of contentment. Zoe sat and snuggled into me. I wrapped an arm around her, enjoying her warmth. She began stroking my thigh and tickling my balls. Even though I'd just cum, it felt nice. 

"How did Karen put it... do something nice for you?"

"Yeah...something like that."

"Well... I guess I owe you, too. Or maybe you owe me?"

"Maybe we could owe each other?"

"Good call."

I leaned her back against the arm of the couch and slid down between her thighs. I'd never seen a shaved pussy before except on the Web. Lowering my head, I ran my tongue around the outside, enjoying the smoothness of it. I felt Zoe's hands slide into my hair, pushing me in. I obliged her, splitting her open with my tongue. She was very wet, her pussy hot and juicy. I buried my face in, using my lips as well as tongue to touch as much of her as I could. Zoe purred in approval... and I do mean purred. She sounded like a very contented little kitty. 
