 I was waiting outside at the nightclub waiting to be let inside. It was so cold everyone had started to stand closer to each other in the line for warmth. I could feel my nipples hardening in the cold and though how lucky I was I had put on my padded bra today. Not to mention it made me look good in my black tight fitting dress with heart neckline.

As we slowly shuffled to the front I could hear the music pulsing inside. Not long now, just a few more people to go. I was at the front now, I was taken to the side for a bag search, nothing new. The bouncer looked through my bag. Then agreed with his college that I would need a more thorough search as I looked suspicious. 

I was taken to the side. He patted down my sides, over my bum and breasts and down the insides of my thighs. I thought it was a bit much. It wasn't like he could tell I wasn't hiding anything in what I was wearing. 

But I was let inside, without another word. I did think it was odd, and a bit intrusive, but no one else seemed to think it was weird, so I was just going to continue my night and have some fun.

I walked upstairs and made it on to the dance floor. I was swaying in time to the music with my hips, slowly from side to side. I noticed a few people watching, they were probably just curious why I was in here alone, nothing more. I moved myself closer to the speakers, squeezing my way through the moving bodies. I liked to feel the vibrations go through me.

As I headed there, I past through a group of drunken men. They did the usual whistles, and grabbing for my arse, but I quickly batted them away. Much to their barking.

I lay up against the wall now, feeling the music vibrate through my spine. I closed my eyes and listened, swaying slightly

The song changed and I thought it might be about time for a drink. I opened my eyes to find the same group of tall burly men I had brushed past, now surrounding me.

I tried to make my excuses and pass by, but as I went to leave the tallest of the group grabbed my arm and pushed me to the floor. "You're not going anywhere", he said. As the others smirked and laughed.

I stumbled up to my feet thinking what else I could do. These men were obviously far stronger than I was.

I couldn't push my way past, but neither could I yell or scream, the speakers were right by my head, no one would hear me.

As I deliberated my plan of action, I felt a hand grab my arse. I slapped it away, but it did not move. It was instead joined by another, as one of the ring men pulled me in towards him.

I tried to slap him, but by the time I had realised what was happening, I was too clos. My arms were pressed inbetween myself and him, and another one of the men had closed in behind me and had put his hands on my elbows so I couldn't wiggle my arms free. 

As he pulled me even closer to him, I felt him rub his cock angainst my crotch. It was hard, and I could feel it through his jeans.

The elbow grabber started to advance, also pushing his whole body weight on to me and rubbing his crotch against my back.

I could feel it poking me. I wondered if it was because they were horny that they had come for me, or if it was Infact me, that had made them horny.

I was pushed up against the speaker now, both men pressed against me. I looked around for help, but only saw the smiling faces of the group. I felt one of them tugging at my hair, taking it out of its bun. One of my hands was free, I could try to escape...but which was the best way. Maybe if I grabbed and tugged on one of the cocks I could distract him long enough to try and make a run for it. I moved my hand down and grabbed his cock...but stopped. It felt good. It was a good size and when I touched it, it pulsed in pleasure.

I didn't know what I was doing, but before I could think it through, I had slid my hand down his pants and had started to jerk him off.

I heard a moan in my ear. It turned me on so much that I started to give it more enthusiasm.

What was I doing? This is the opposite to what I should be doing. But I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter with every stroke. I started to move my hips now, so I could feel the cock on my back. Maybe I could pleasure him too and hear more moans. I looked to the group, all stood with their mouths open at what I was doing. Even in the dark room, I could see when the lights flashed past, that they were all starting to get hard, looking at what I was doing. This spurred me on more. I liked an audience.

I'd pulled his cock out of his pants now, for all to see, and as I started jacking him off harder, I felt a hand move from holding my elbow, to playing with my tits. It felt so good, I couldn't help but let out a little moan. This meant I now had another hand free, and that would be perfect for some ball cupping.

Both hands now worked the shaft, rubbing on the head with my thumb. Hearing his moans getting louder in my ear. He had released his grip on my arse now, leaning backwards in pleasure, unable to move. I was so wet.

What must the group think, I was being such a naughty girl. All I wanted right now was to be fucked. I wanted to feel a big cock inside me, filling me up. How I longed to shove his cock in my mouth, but I couldn't move down whilst he was playing with my tits. Squeezing and rolling my nipples in his fingers. Gently pulling them.

He pulled the top of my dress down, revealing me to the group, as he fondled my breasts, freely. This had obviously become too much for one member of the group, as the next thing I saw was a cock hitting my face, trying to enter my mouth. 

I obliged, I wanted a cock in my mouth so badly, I'd take anyone's.

I opened my mouth wide for him, letting my spit, pool on my mouth, getting wetter.

He left me like that, admiring how willing I was for his cock. I felt two hands grab my head as he thrust his massive cock in my mouth.

He went too far, it hit the back of my throat and made me gag. He pulled it out and waited as I gagged, smiling. "Too much for you is it?"

He thrusted again, this time shallower. It tasted so good, and I could feel it rub down my throat, as it was forced deeper and deeper.

I started to suck on it. I wanted to make him cum. I want to make him have the best blow job he had ever had. I needed him to remember how naughty I am.

I sucked his cock whilst rubbing and licking his shaft. Swirling my tounge on the head of his cock, licking below the foreskin. Trying to get to the most untouched places as I knew this would cause the most pleasure. 

I must have done something right, as he started to force my head further and further down.

I felt the hands move from my breasts now, allowing them to swing as he thrust his cock down my throat. But then I started to feel hands run down my sides, across my bum, to the bottom of my dress. He pulled up my dress revealing my ass. 

Slowly pulling down my sopping wet pants, that left a sticky trail as they were pulled down. 

I felt his strong, rough hands grab my cheeks and spread them apart to look at my pussy and asshole. 

I could feel the juices running down my legs, so it must have looked good. I'm such a naughty girl. I felt the cock in my mouth start to slow as he bent round to look at my sopping wet pussy. I took this opportunity to suck hard on the head of his cock, using a hand on the shaft and waggling it in my mouth. 

The combination must have been too much, I felt his body tighten as he started to cum, shooting his semen in to my waiting, open mouth.

It tasted so good, I kept hammering after he had finished cumming, hoping for more.

When I realised there would be no more, I moved over to the one I'd been giving a hand job to, and shoved his cock in my mouth. I just wanted more. 

As I bent over to get to him, it raised my ass even more, and I could feel rough fingers slide down the centre. 

It was hard to tell the roughness of his hands when he moved to my pussy, as all the juices, still dripping, kept it all lubracated. 

I felt him slide down my gash, down to my clit and back again. I moaned again around the cock in my mouth. It felt so good, I could feel my legs start to shake already.

I was ready for a cock to fill me. Just something to go inside of me. 

My clit had pushed it's way out so much that if he did it anymore, I knew I was going to cum.

I felt a finger enter my tight pussy.

Felt it slip past my lips and explore my insides.

Just a little to the right and he would hit my...ohhh.

There it was. He started to rub on my g spot.

Gentle at first, getting harder and faster.

I felt another finger enter me now. Another moan around the cock.

I'd forgot about him, I was in so much pleasure, but it was them that needed to be pleasured, so I started to suck hard on his cock. 

Moving my body backwards and forwards not only to move the cock in and out of my mouth, but to slide his fingers in and out of me also.

It felt good to be filled both ends, being able to please and be pleased. I was in heaven.

Then the fingers left me. I sighed in frustration, I was getting so close he couldn't just stop.

Then I felt it. It pressed against my lips, stretching them wide, and inched its way in a little with every stride.

I felt a smack to my bum which shocked me, but let me know that I had been a bad, and naughty girl.

I needed to be punished. I needed to have his massive cock shoved inside me. I need to be stretched to my limits. My tight little pussy needed to be gaping after he had used me.

I could feel it stretch my walls, touching everything, rubbing against my gspot. Pushing my juices out of me, as so much had collected in there. 

I was still sucking on cock, slowly rocking, building up speed. As I moved, I could feel the cock moving inside my pussy. It felt so good, I had to try and keep myself from cumming. I refused to cum until everyone had cum.

I looked around the crowd again, and saw them all, cocks out, wanking over me. They were watching as the massive cock entered me, stretching my lips around it. Seeing my clit poking out. Watching as I sucked off the guy in front, moaning as I did.

He started thrusting into me now, deep and hard. I now no longer needed to move myself, as each thrust plunged both his cock further into my pussy, and the cock further into my mouth.

There was a guy not far from me, as I looked to the side. I was sure I could reach him. He looked like he needed some help. It wasn't the biggest cock I'd seen, but it was girthy.

I leant sideways, grabbing his cock and pulling him close to me. I started to jack him off as I felt the cock in my mouth and pussy. I wanted to watch them all cum, I wanted to taste it, I want to be covered in it, head to foot. When I pulled him close to me, the others moved close too, getting a good view.

My hand rubbed his cock, but I had one hand free, seemed like a shame not to use it.

I removed the cock from my mouth and transferred it to my other hand, it was time for someone elses turn.

I knew the music would be to loud for them to hear me, so I had to hope they would take the hint. I stood there, jacking off two men, one tall and lanky, the other one more average but with big muscles, he must work out.

So I stood there, mouth open, waiting for whoever would be brave enought to try me.

A larger man came up to me, furiously yanking on his cock, came up to my face and pointed his cock into my mouth as he shot his hot cum down my throat. 

I kept my mouth open letting the combination of spit and cum run down my cheek.

The leader came over now, tall but a stocky frame with muscles that could crush a can.

His long cock, hard and erect waiting to be pleasured. I felt him tuck my hair, tilting my head back, as he slid his thick cock into my mouth and down my throat. 

I did my best to accommodate him, but it was so long it made me want to gag, but I resisted, concentrating instead on the cocks in my hands and the huge cock in my pusy, that was slowly picking up speed.

As he thrusted, the long cock slid further down my throat, as my breasts swung with the force of each stride. The men in my hands were getting closer now, they had become so warm and hard now by my touch. From where they were, they were going to cum on my tits. I didn't mind. 

Pulling them off, I felt both cum at once, squirting their load of thick hot cum all over my tits, and on my dress and in my hair. 

I was getting cum everywhere, the way I liked it. I wasn't going to wash it off, I wanted everyone to know how good I am at making men cum.

They lay back on the floor, still twitching from what they had received. The sight made me even more horny and was pushing me closer and closer. I could feel the heat rising in the pit of my stomach. I could feel my hips start to buck in pleasure. 

All I could think was not yet, there were only these two men to go and I was going to make them happy before I was allowed to cum.

My clit was so hard, I could feel it stretching, it wanted to be touched so badly.

He's a big strong man, but in a toned way, with dark hair and big hands that were grabbing my waist like a vice. Pulling my pussy further down his cock.

With my hand free I could put my hands around the long cock in my mouth to make it seem like my mouth was longer. First, I moved my hands down to my pussy, careful not to touch my clit, as that was sure to make me cum, and wrapped them around the other mans cock, so I could collect some of my juices to lubricate my hands, as I wanked, and sucked him off.

My hands wet and sticky, moved to his cock, gripping the shaft, and using the other hand to caress his balls. It was unreal how full his cock made me feel. It had stretched my pussy as far as it could go. When he was entering me, all I could think is how this would never fit in my tight small hole, but it did, and I'm so glad it did.

His hands were yanking my hips hard to his cock now, and my hand sped up to accommodate the cock in my mouth.

The cock in my mouth must have been close to nine inches, as the one in my pussy was eight, but that was more then enough for my tight hole to cope with.

I sucked his cock getting deeper and deeper. I was determined to get to the base of his cock and feel the hairs brush against my mouth.

I was getting close, with each stride it slid a little further down my mouth.

Only an inch more to go, I could do it before he came.

I moved my hand away now, my mouth could do all the work, travelling the full length of the shaft, my tongue licking as I went further and further down.

I felt him convulse as I was at the base of his cock, shooting cum down my throat.

It took me by surprise, so I recoiled away from it releasing the full nine inches from my mouth, making his cum shoot across my face, getting caught in my hair.

It felt good to have his hot cum on my face, over the top of the now dried cum.

Just one more left now. Just needed to hold on.

The sight of cum on my face, as I turned to look at him must have made him even more turned on than before, as his thrust became deeper harder and faster.

He moved his hands now from my waist to my wrists, pulling my arms back, arching my back and making my boobs bounce even more.

The change in position made his thrusts even deeper than I thought they could go. I moaned loud, practically screaming in pleasure.

He must cum first.

But I couldn't, I couldn't contain myself any longer, as I looked down at my cum covered body, it was pushing me over the edge. 

Even faster now, boobs really swinging now, so much they started to hurt, but the pleasure was too much to worry about that.

His strong arms, yanking my hands back, making me arch back to him.

I tilted my head back, and I could see his face contort in pleasure as he fucked me hard. Getting faster and faster. I could tell he was close. As soon as I saw his face change, I'd cum with him.

I could see him moaning, which in turn made me moan.

Then I saw it, his face scrunched up and I knew this was it, he was going to shoot his hot sticky load inside of me.

I could cum, I let out a loud moan as I felt his cum shoot inside of me, making my legs shake and pussy contract so hard, it forced his massive eight inch cock out of me, as his cum continued to spray across my pussy as it exited.

I was still cumming, the pleasure was so great. My pussy contracting, forcing out a mixture of his cum and my juices that dripped to the floor.

Me legs buckled in the pleasure, and I laid there moaning to myself in the pools of cum left behind.