 I hope you enjoy Chapter 06 of A Titillating Tale

As always comments are welcome. MKvDeepSea

*

When I called her on the Sunday after the party, Billie and I agreed to wait until I arrived home before she regaled me with tales of her busy little tail. She apparently had been a 'wicked' little thing and wanted to tell me her tales in person rather than on the phone.

On Friday afternoon, the week after 'the end of the school year pool party', I opened the door of our apartment. Billie was standing in the living room; she looked amazing. Her whole body appeared to be glowing with happiness.

Posture nearly perfect, her full, rich hair cascading down her back to her waist. Billie was moving toward me. A smile was on her face and an impish look was in her eyes. The only thing she was wearing was her smile, her preferred style of dress. 

As graceful as a ballerina, swift as a gazelle and agile and strong as a monkey, Billie was in my arms. Her legs were wrapped around my waist, her arms around my neck and her lips delivering a hot and passionate kiss.

After her kiss we stood there with our foreheads pressed together smiling at each other. My left arm was under her bottom supporting her and my right hand was cupped behind her head. 

Speaking softly, I asked her, "Well... have you been a 'good' girl since I spoke to you Sunday."

Billie nuzzled my ear, tracing the tip of her tongue around the outside of it, whispering, "... no... I've been... a 'bad' girl..."

Snuggling her to me, "One of your fuck buddies?"

A gentle giggle, followed by, "...no... someone new... very different..."

"Oh? Who... and when, sweetheart?"

Still whispering in my ear, "Last night... I had a dinner date with a professor from the language department... afterwards we went back to his place..."

Surprised, I asked, "You... fucked him?"

Giggling, Billie pulled back to look at me, "Yeah... I fucked him... I didn't plan on it... but... it happened. I felt like I was in a Peter Seller's movie. Do you want to hear about the professor... or the party?"

"Honey, I'm on leave, we have plenty of time for you to tell me about professors fucking students. I want to hear about the party."

Billie wiggled her bottom and chirred into my ear, "... why are standing here then...?"

Carrying her into the bedroom I placed this energized bundle of love on the bed. Billie pulled my tee shirt off and stripped me out of my shorts. Wrapping her arms around me she pulled me down on top of her. 

Her legs opened and then wrapped around me. I propped myself up on my elbows looking down into her eyes, we didn't need to say anything; our eyes spoke the words for us. My erection was between us resting on the soft padding of her pubic mound.

The slow, gentle undulation of her hips created an arousing friction. My pre-cum was leaving damp tracks on her pubis. Keeping the intimate contact with this petite siren, I rolled us onto our sides.

Caressing her back with my right hand I reached down and under her sweet derriere. I tickled her wet little cleft. Billie continued rocking her pelvis against my cock. Our kisses were tender; her breasts with their hardened nipples were crushed against my chest.

Billie pulled back and started kissing her way down my body. Her hands busy with my cock and balls. When she reached her goal she sucked me in deep. I attempted to pull her around into a sixty-nine but she pulled away.

Softly she said, "... finger me... please... just finger fuck me..."

I slipped a finger into a buttery little clam, and said with a slight chuckle, "Am I getting sloppy seconds from last night?"

She softly chortled, "Honey... he wasn't big enough to leave sloppy seconds." She went back to applying her luscious oral skills to my hard cock.

The skillful use of her mouth and tongue had me close to cumming. I pushed her over onto her back. Billie spread her legs to accept me. As I moved into position she rocked her pelvis up making herself available. 

Quickly rubbing my cock up and down her slippery snatch I combined my pre-cum with her wetness. Centering on her tight opening I pressed into her. A small, "Oomph," escaped her. With her hips pitching up against me, I bottomed out.

I slid my hands up under her arms and captured her hands, pulling them to the top of her head. Bracing myself on my elbows I looked down into her face. She was staring up at me with her big brown eyes. I gave her a soft loving kiss.

Locking her legs over mine she then slid them down my legs. Billie was totally giving herself to me. In return I was totally hers. With gentle pelvic rocks and the tender contractions of her inner muscles we made sweet wet love. I couldn't get enough of her.

Time seemed to stand still as we moved together. Our combined orgasm was intense. We held onto each other and rode the waves. As we came down we cuddled each other, drinking in each other's essence, murmuring adulations in each other's ear.

As I slipped out of her Billie pressed a small towel to her crotch. We snuggled up, nude, warm and whispering our love for each other... I jerked and opened my eyes, "... wh... what...?"

Billie was sitting Indian style watching me, softly she said, "You fell a sleep." She was sipping a cup of hot herbal tea. She was beautiful.

"How... how long?"

"Not long... just long enough for me to see how tired you are. Should we go to sleep?"

"No... I want to hear your story... I want to hear how... 'wicked' you were."

Finished with her tea she lay down next to me, putting her head on my chest. Her left hand trailed down my belly; she started amusing herself with my cock, flipping it back and forth with her forefinger.

She giggled, "Here lately... I've had a number of these... and this is the only one to ever give me total satisfaction."

With my left hand caressing her back, I asked, "I wonder why?" Even though I knew the answer.

Sliding her head down she flicked her tongue over the head of my flaccid member, and then said, "Love... We make love and I can feel the love... the others...? Just want to fuck... and there's a big difference between making love and just fucking."

"You don't enjoy... just fucking anymore?"

"Oh, don't get me wrong. I thoroughly enjoy a good fuck... or two, "giggling, "or even three or more... but, I'd rather be making love to you!"

Fondling, kissing and playing with my semi-erect prick, Billie quietly inquired, "Are you sure you want to hear about the 'end of the school year pool party'... and how fucking 'wicked' your wife was? Or do you want to get some sleep and hear about it later?" 

"... I would like to hear about it... now... start from the very beginning."

Burying her nose in my pubic hair, Billie nibbled her way up to the top of my cock. She gave it a loving kiss and kissed her way back up my body ending with a tender kiss on my lips.

"From the beginning... okay... 'The Party' was scheduled to start at noon last Saturday. It was for the art, drama and music majors. Leigh and James came by to see if I wanted to ride with them. I told them I'd drive my car in case I decided to leave early. 

"I followed them out to the residence where the party was being held. We got there around 2:00 P.M. There was a room designated for changing and leaving personal items. I put my dress over my purse and hung them in a closet." 

"Were you wearing your bikini?" I asked, knowing full well she wasn't.

"...Huh... nooo... why would I? I had planned on being naked and I was. As a matter of fact, for a while, I was the only one there, naked... It was fun! 

"I was on the pool deck when I saw Thomas. He came over and asked me to dance. He took me by my hand and led me to the pool house. It had been re-arranged to serve as a dance floor." 

I could visualize Thomas leading Billie, nude, across the pool deck. She would have been wearing a naughty little smile. Her posture would have been nearly perfect; head held high, chin slightly tucked, shoulders back, breasts high and nipples hard. 

With her flat, solid stomach, pubic hair neatly trimmed, her labia shaved and her tight slit just visible, she would have been extremely sexy, very desirable and beautiful.

Billie continued, "The song they were playing was too fast for what we wanted, so we watched and waited. I held Thomas' hand with both of mine and gently brushed my nipples back and forth against his arm while we stood there." She giggled. 

"Since I was slightly turned in toward him and his hand was already at my crotch... I kinda pressed it to me and slowly... rubbed my mound against his hand. He took the hint and started surreptitiously tickling my slit with his fingers. It felt so naughty!"

Her head on my chest, I was stroking her hair while she stroked me. I asked, "Do you think anyone was watching...?"

After a soft giggle, Billie said, "I was being discreet... but... yeah, several people could tell what we were doing... it made it even... naughtier."

Billie kissed my chest and then slid down taking me in her mouth. The story the little nymph was telling had me fully erect. She would bob her head taking me in deep and then pop back up, she let my cock fall out of her mouth, but she continued stroking me.

As she fondled me, she resumed her story, "We danced to a slow dance, and it was extremely erotic, sensual and very sexual to dance in a crowded room wearing nothing but my wedding band. Thomas had taken his shirt off and was wearing only swim trunks.

"His chest was brushing my breasts and I could feel his hard on pressed against my... my pussy mound. It was an extreme turn on and, oh... by then, I was ready to be fucked. Thomas caressed my sides, back and my bottom so slowly and gently."

Gently interrupting, I asked, "Didn't he do something similar to you at the beach house party?" 

Laughing, "No. That was Steve..." She took me back into her mouth.

After a few minutes of her oral delight, Billie pulled back, looked at me and swung her hips over mine. She ran my cock up and down her very slippery puss, when she had me where she wanted me; she let her weight down. As I entered her she let out a soft moan.

I pulled her down on me. As I surged up in her, I asked, "What happened next?"

Inner muscles milking me, Billie moaned, "He... he continued playing with my bottom and... and then he ran his hand around my hips and he... cupped me... he cupped my pussy. I was really wet... so he slid a finger in me..."

Whispering in her ear, "Was anyone watching him finger fuck you...?"

"Ye... yes. Several people stopped dancing... and... and watched. I kissed him then... and he stroked my breasts... he pinched my nipples. Another guy wanted... wanted to cut in... to dance with the 'naked chick'... but Thomas told him no."

Billie sat up, she placed both hands on my chest, "Honey," she said, "can we go slower? I'll never finish this tale if you keep doing what you're doing."

Pulling her in for a kiss, I asked, "What... am I doing?'

She nuzzled me, "You're making soft sweet love to me... it's difficult to tell you about who I was fucking while you're making love to me. Just hold me like this... with you up inside... please?"

"Okay sweetheart. After Thomas told the guy he couldn't cut in... what happened?" I surged upward again.

"Oh... stop it...! ...Okay... after the song was over I told Thomas to take me somewhere and fuck me. I was ready to do him on the dance floor. He led me to a bedroom; as soon as we were inside I stripped off his swimming trunks. I wanted him right then. 

"After I got his swim trunks off I... I took him in my mouth. He had plenty of pre-cum... so... I used my tongue to swirl it around his cock. Then I laid on the bed and pulled him down on me... I... honey... I wanted it so bad! I... I needed it! I was so fucking horny!"

Stroking her hair, I asked her, "Sweetie... hadn't you just finish your period?"

A very soft, "... yes..." was all she said.

"You're always horny after your periods. It's what happened to you at the beach house party, too, wasn't it?"

Another very soft "... yes... I get so horny after my periods... I really crave cock then!" 

"Did Thomas do you right?"

Billie nodded and continued, "I opened my legs and took him by his cock and guided him into my puss. It was fast, hard and deep... not the way I usually like it, but it felt right, right then. After he came I clamped down on him to keep him in... I wanted more...

"Honey... I... I wanted... I would've done a gang bang right then... I just wanted more cock! Thomas... thankfully... held me for a little while. Then he pulled out and said he had to go find Leigh and James. I'd forgotten they were all supposed to... do her." 

Taking her by the hips I pulled her down hard, grinding my pelvis up into hers. Billie bucked. I held her and whispered to her, "You have no idea how much I love you."

With her hands still on my chest, she pushed herself up and looked down at me, she kissed me, "You have no idea how much I love you or how much I missed you at the party. I... I kept fantasizing you were with me and taking part in my... in my debauchery."

Laughing, I said, "I wish I could've been there. But sweetie, you've been 'debauched' for a while." Laughing, she rested her head on my shoulder. I told her, "Go on, sweetheart. I know you fucked more guys than Thomas."

She was still chuckling as she continued, "I laid there for a while longer, savoring having just been fucked and wanting more. I knew I could find someone, so I got up and went out into the hall. Steve was there looking for me. Thomas had told him where I was.

"He took me by my hand and once again I was being led somewhere. We went to the pool and jumped in. Steve held me from behind, playing with my tits as I cleaned Thomas'... rather copious... huh... deposit out of me.

"We played grab ass for a while, splashing each other and groping each other." Laughing, Billie said, " I attempted to suck his cock underwater but got tickled and started giggling; I couldn't get any air through his 'flesh snorkel', no matter how much I sucked on it!

"When I came up, he pulled me back against his chest, reached around with both hands and... cupped my pussy... I love it when a guy does that!" Billie laid her head on my chest, " He then started to finger fuck me. I really, really needed to be fucked again.  

"Since I was already slick and... open, from Thomas, I was more than ready for my second cock of the evening. Steve pulled me to the shallow end of the pool. He sat on the steps with his cock sticking up and I straddled him.

"He worked his cock into my puss. I put my head back as he entered me and I saw we had a little group watching us; it made it even more exciting... Honey... Steve fucked me the way I like it... deep and very slow."

Billie's hips were working on me again, "When he came, it felt huge! Once he calmed down he pulled out and just held me on his lap. We didn't say anything; it felt good to be held. He then told me he had to go and find James and Leigh."

With her hands clasping the top of my head, Billie bucked and bucked as a small orgasm washed over her. Laughing, I whispered in her ear, "I thought you said those guys have never given you an orgasm."

Still wiggling from her orgasm, she moaned, "It's your cock in me right now... not theirs."

Holding my little sex kitten was a reward in its self. Her body pressed to mine, her breasts flattened against my chest, her fantastic bottom still squirming from her orgasm and the love I could feel from her. Billie fills me with light, warmth and happiness.

Having recovered from her little 'little death' this minx pulled off me and lay on her side. Still relaxed from the after affects Billie was pliable as I spooned her and re-positioned us. I slipped my pride and joy back in her, I told her, "Go on, tell it all." 

Smiling, Billie proceeded with her tale, " I cleaned up from Steve and climbed out of the pool and sat on one of the poolside sofas. Two guys who had watched us came over and sat on either side of me. I looked at them and asked them if I had met them before."

Billie blushed a little, "Honey...they looked... familiar. When they smiled and told me they had... I knew... not only had I met them... I'd fucked them! It was at... at the beach house party... I'd done both of them..."

She may have been a little embarrassed, but telling me she had remembered fucking these two guys had also turned her on... she was pushing her little tail back harder. I gathered her into me even tighter. She was a balled up, tight bundle of sex. 

"Okay," I said, "we know you... fucked... more than the four guys you'd originally thought... so what? It's now possibly six you did at the beach house party... does it matter?"

"No... not really... but... I did all, or most of them... more than once..."

Holding her tighter, I murmured in her ear, "Had you decided to fuck them again?"

Very, very softly, barely audible, she answered with a simple, "...yes..."

My right arm was under and up across her breasts. My left arm was across her abdomen tenderly pulling her back in rhythm with my slow pulses.

"Both of them were... looking at me. I... relaxed and let them play with my tits. They were... hard... both had hard ons. It was... delightful having two guys caressing me... they started taking turns kissing me... I... I liked being kissed by two guys...

"I... I reached over and started... stroking them... they started taking turns, fingering me. I opened my legs to let them know I... I was receptive and... I wanted them. It felt utterly depraved having two guys working on me... while other people watched."

Billie's story was really getting to her; her tight sheath was contracting around me, milking me, as she worked her rear end against me. I pushed myself up so I could look into her face. Her eyes were closed; she had a light sheen of perspiration covering her.

She was lost in her sexual lust, her arousal. Billie was floating in a sea of sexual desire. Wanting more... just like she had at the beach house party or this last party... she was available, receptive. If there were other guys here, in the apartment, at this moment, she would have taken them on, too.

I traced her lips with the thumb of my right hand; she sucked it into her mouth and flicked it with her tongue as if it was a small dick. Her right hand was gently pinching her nipples; her left hand was on my hip pulling me in time with her slow butt thrusts.

A flush crept up her neck, her nostrils flared, heat was building up in her pussy; a slight tremor ran thorough her, followed by a series of jerks. Her back arched pushing her bottom against me. Burying her chin into her chest she thrashed her hips harder.

Gasping, she let out a muffled cry, "... Oooh... shit! Wh... what...? ... You... only you... could make me... cum! ...Why... couldn't you have been there with me?" 

"Shhh... shh... baby... its okay... shhh... I'm here now." I hugged her tighter. She wiggled in my embrace. 

I whispered softly in her ear, "Are you okay?" she nodded her head. "Do you want to continue...?"

In a soft voice, "...yes... I... I like telling... you... about this... while you make love to me and... hold me."

"We don't have to do this right now or at all sweetheart."

"I want to... I just miss you so much when you're gone. I want us to have these adventures together... But, honey, I'm so turned on... please, let me finish..."

So she continued, "Two guys were... fingering fucking me... and... I was working their cocks with my... my hands... I... I had my eyes closed; I felt someone push my legs open further... I raised my knees and placed... placed my feet on... on the cushions...

"Whoever it was kissed... kissed my pussy and then started... started gently nibbling me. I knew it wasn't either one of the other two guys... I... I still had their cocks in my hand... He... he kissed my mound and... licked the tendons on both sides of my pussy.
