 Another long weekend working the night shift. I often think this shift makes a person lonely and disconnected. I wanted that feeling to go away the other night, but how? I knew what would feel really great right then - meeting up with the little nympho blonde in ICU and the hospital's hairy-stud maintenance man. Well, they were both in-house that night and there were no patients in the E.R., so there was a very slim chance of an admission to my unit. 

I reasoned that I could easily tell my co-worker Steve I was going to prowl around the hospital for a while. He certainly should understand, after all, I have done the same for him. But I don't think he got lucky on his jaunt. I for one intended to score that night, but what I had in mind needed to be engineered.

I picked up the telephone and dialed ICU.

"ICU this is Jennifer! May I help you?"

"Jen. Just who I am looking for. You sound hot tonight baby."

"Stop it. Don't start something you can't finish at work."

"Who says I can't finish at work. I have something in mind that is kind of 'on the edge'."

"Sounds interesting. Meet me at the butt hut and we'll discuss."

"Ok. Go now?"

"See you there."

Jennifer and I talked quickly in the dark shadows of the smoking area. The light had burned out and it was really quite dark. A perfect atmosphere we both agreed. When I filled Jennifer in on my plan she was happy about the premise but unsure about the neanderthal maintenance man. I reassured her that she should follow my instincts on this and she could back out at any moment. And besides, the odds of this MMF scenario getting off the ground were slim to none.

Finally it was 0200. Medications passed, vitals done. Steve settled in at the secretary's desk. It was easy to get Steve to agree to let me be gone for an hour. I'm not sure he knew what I had planned, but I think he was beginning to make plans of his own. And he knew I would do the same for him. 

The plan was really quite simple. The hairy maintenance guy had all of his trash downstairs. Jen had put her cell phone in a clean trash bag under a pile of papers. We met downstairs and both of us holding our breath, knocked on the maintenance garage door. No response. I opened the regular door quietly and peeked in. I saw hairy guy quickly buttoning his pants. I came on in, talking, as if I didn't notice what he had been up to.

"Hey, we were wondering if you could help us. It will only take a minute. Sorry to barge in on you, I know you're probably busy right now."

I realized the other half of the "we" I was referring to was still out in the hall. Hairy guy's face brightened up as I literally pulled Jen into the immaculate maintenance area. 

We found Jen's phone right away after making it ring from hairy guy's desk phone. I don't know if he bought this or not, but Jen quickly made that a mute point.

"I want both of you to lick me from head to toe. Actually I want you to skip the head and toes. What do you think?"

Hairy guy looked startled and then looked first at Jen and then at me. "Back here" he said in a low voice.

"What's your name? I'm Tom and this is Jen."

"Markov, but you can call me Mark. What caused..."

"Nevermind Mark we only have about 45 minutes. Show us to that private spot you have in mind."

We followed Mark up the back staircase. I thought we were just going to go for it in a dark corner, but he had a much better idea. Mark went around front and made sure the nurses were occupied and then snuck Jen and myself into a vacant wing of rooms. He must have done this before because he took us to the end of the hallway and showed us to the private room that was closed for installation of a special air filter for isolation. The bed was still in there.

Mark became less soft spoken and told us both to strip our clothes off. The lighting was really nice because a little light came in from an adjacent building's rooftop. Jen and I had our scrubs off in seconds. Mark put a chair in front of the door and tilted it so the latch would not open. There was already a sign on the door that said the room was closed. We were in business. 

I began to wonder if Mark was going to let me do what I had in mind. I decided to play it cool. It was enough that we all three were naked together. Mark offered us a shot of whiskey but we declined. We do have some profesional standards!

Jannifer looked hot in the soft shadows of room 321. Her boobs weren't big but they were beautiful and tight. She had surprisingly dark areolas and nipples that were jutting out at us. I guess Mark felt the same because in a half a second we both had them in our mouths. Jen threw her head back and we both felt her beautiful silky blonde hair on our hands as we did our work on her tits. 

We battered her nipples back and forth with our tonges and then I heard Mark starting to suck Jen's right nipple like a baby takes its mom's tit. I did the same and Jen started to rub her pussy. Mark gently laid Jen across the bed with her head hanging slightly over the edge. Mark said something and then dived right in to Jen's dripping cunt.

The slurping and growling that eminated from the two of them stirred me to the hardest 8 inches I have felt in a few years. My balls were swollen at that point. I wanted them licked. I came around to the other side of the bed and teabagged Jen. She had her eyes shut but her mouth was wide open. I dropped the right nut in and then she opened a bit wider and sucked my whole hairless sack into her mouth. I was surprised because Jen had a small mouth. She must have done this before.

I began to jack my cock and I really wanted to shoot right then and there on Jen's titties. I decided to slow it down because I didn't want to cum too fast. I pulled my balls out of Jen's warm oral cavity and fell a little toward the bed. Jen took the opportunity to lick behind my balls. As soon as her tongue touched that area my knees buckled and from the impact Jen's body jumped. Mark must have had Jen's little clit in his mouth because Jen started bucking and swearing. She was yelling that she was cumming.

Jen began begging for someone to stuff their cock in her pussy. She was like a cat in heat. She was twisting her nipples and bucking luidly as if her pussy was trying to find a cock. Then I caught a good look at the object of Jen's lust; Mark's big Russian dick. It was as long as mine but it was as big around as Jen's arm. The head was shiny and had a nice sloped mushroom shape with a drop of precum hanging at the tip. It got me really hot when he took his schlong in his beefy hand and flung that droplet toward Jen's face. I was standing next to Jen's face and got the drop on my hand. No one noticed as I licked it off my hand. It was sweet, like a droplet of honey.

I put my hands on Jen's tits as I slid my cock in her mouth as far as she could take it. I felt her whole body move toward me as Mark climbed on to the bed and in one deft motion penetrated Jen's slick hole. All I heard was his groan as he put his tool all the way in. Jen responded by turning the vacuum on and swallowing my 8 inch meat. It seemed to fit perfectly down her little throat. And from all appearances Mark must feel his swollen piece had found a home as well. 

I gave Jen's throat and mouth a break and crouched down to tickle her ear with my tongue and hot breath. I lightly sucked on her neck so as not to leave a mark and then came back to her nipples. I stood up and thought about what I wanted. I wondered how my hairy Russian friend would feel about me eating his ass while he fucked his beautiful blone nurse. 

I was overcome with lust as I walked around the bed and faced Mark's ass. It was up in the air and it looked beautiful. His big bull balls were slapping against Jen's asshole which was puckering and twitching. I hadn't considered double penetration before, but I certainly was at that moment. But I decided to hold out for what I really wanted. I didn't want the whole scene to come to an abrupt halt, but I thought when Mark felt my tongue on his hairy ass crack he might welcome my advances.  

Fuck it. I went for it. But I aimed right for his taught brown orifice. He certainly was not expecting this onslaught. I shoved my tongue in a good 1/2 inch with my initial assault. He made a sound like you wouldn't believe. "Whaa..ooohh.....fuck...yeah...lick it you butthole licker..faggot..oooh fuck yeah..

Mark was holding up Jen's legs and slamming her good. The whole bed was practically hopping on the tiled floor. Mark's ass was writhing in my face and my tongue couldn't get enough. I dared not even touch my cock. I began licking Mark's ass crack from top to bottom while being sure to lick his muscular purckered virgin hole on every swipe. I wondered if I dare take his balls into my mouth. 

I began taking wider sweeps with my tongue. I was getting off on all the jet black coarse hair that was growing everwhere. I instinctively reached for Mark's nut sack. It was swollen, huge and hairy. He moaned and picked up the pace with the pussy he had impailed. Jen was literally vibrating as he was giving her such a dicking. She began to come again and he was yelling something about how tight and wet she was. I went back to his butthole with my tongue. Mark growled and groaned. "Fuck! That feels fucking great."

Then Jen surprised me. I realized she had been watching the whole butt scene from the mirror that was behind us. I wasn't sure what she meant at first when she yelled, "Stick it in!" 

But Mark must have known because he said, "Yeah dude stick it in. Now, before I change my mind." 

I didn't waste any time as he lowered his angle of pummeling. His hot butthole came down to my dick's level if I stood up on my toes. I put my hands on his scortching hairy muscular butt and pushed down and in the next move had the head of my dick against his tight hole. I pushed the head in and he grunted and yelled, "Don't stop. Slam it in all the way." I fucking complied. It was the best 3 seconds of my life. 

I immediately began to feel the familiar churning in my balls and before I came I reached up and felt his unbelievably hairy pitts and chest. As I reached around and latched on to his nipples I pulled my cock out of its muscular and slick sleeve and shot all over his ass. After the third glob that landed on his sizzling butt I heard him moan and yell, "I'm going to shoot." 

Jen answered, "Fill me up with you hot cum Markov." 

I added, "Yeah shoot it buddy." 

I quickly licked the cum off his butt and dove one last time for his hole. I no more than touched it with my tongue and it started to convulse. The pace of his fucking was mindblowing. He was a fucking machine. Mark let out a string of foreign words while he unloaded into that beautiful pussy, all the while pushing his sensitive butthole way back onto my appreciative tongue.

We all cleaned up and then had a cigarette outside. The nursing supervisor came out for a smoke and asked us if we had a good break. We all tried to be cool but I think she thought something strange had happened due to our shit-eating grins. Our only choice was to go back to work and think about the next time.