 Nikki Gets Busted... And Banged

"Nikki, could you please come into my office?" I heard David say down the telephone. The day was nearly over and I sighed. Probably more last minute work to be done before I went home. 

"Sure I answered." I made my way to David's office and was surprised when Paul and Mike the nerdy IT guys were there as well. David asked me to shut the door behind me. This worried me because David only ever did that when it was really serious. 

I sat down in the chair that was indicated to me. 

"Nikki," David began, "Let me start by saying I've been really pleased with the work that you've been doing here so far. But it seems we've run into a problem." I just sat waiting to hear what was going to be said next. 

"You see, when you joined us, you signed an agreement that you'd not abuse the privileges afforded you though the use of a computer and the internet by the company. We monitor the use of these things and its come to our attention that you've been up to some stuff that wouldn't be advocated by or acceptable to this company." 

"Oh shit, that's it, I've just cost myself my job," I thought, ready to burst into tears. 

"Now, normally, I'd be likely to terminate someone's employment, but in your case, I'm willing to make an exception if you're prepared to go along with the conditions … now don't think this is blackmail, this is a choice for you … whether you're prepared to do something to retain this job or whether you'd rather just move on and we can forget it ever happened." 

"What are the conditions? I asked quietly. 

"Well, here's the thing. These two IT boys took their time about bringing this to my attention because they were enjoying what you were writing a lot. When the did finally bring it to me, I too really enjoyed what you had written. I mean you have a talent for tweaking our desires and turning us on in a big way with those stories. I really wouldn't want you to stop writing them, but …" 

"But?" I prompted. 

"But we want to do more than read the stories. We want you to have sex with us. Not all the time. Not on demand, but occasionally, like once a month, say, we want to have sex with you." 

I sat there. Stunned. So there it was. I could keep my job and even keep writing my stories … but I had to have sex with these three guys. I looked them over. None of them were what you'd call hotties, but they were at least clean and tidy guys. David did have something about him, whether it was the power associated with being the boss or not I couldn't' say. Well, I'd had sex with boys before, so that wasn't a problem for me, but I wasn't sure what I'd be able to say to Sandra about this. 

And I mean I really enjoyed working here. The people were really nice, the pay was good (and of course there was Sandra.) What the hell, I thought, maybe I can get some extra leverage out of this one 

I stood up and they obviously thought that I was going to walk out because David started to say something. 

"Nikki .." 

"Shh," I said, putting my finger to my lips, "here's the deal. We have sex when I say, not anyone else. It happens all at once or not at all. If someone misses out because they're not around, stiff. 

And I want permission to access porn on my computer. Agree to that and we start right now on your conference table." I indicated the round table that we were all sitting at as I locked the door behind me. 

The two geeks looked absolutely stunned. Especially Paul, the young one. He was only 18 and I suspected that he was a virgin. What a way to lose it … with two other guys in the room! Oh well, he could take it or leave it like the choice they'd given me. David simply looked like he was considering it like any other deal. 

"What do you two say? Can you cover her tracks if she accesses porn?" 

"Yeah, of course," Mike said. 

"And do you both agree to her terms?" 

"uh huh," Paul said eagerly. 

"Yep," Mike said, a grin splitting his face. 

"Then Nikki, you have a deal." 

"One more thing," I said, "And this isn't part of the deal it's a fact. If I find out that anyone of you has told someone, I'll have you hurt in ways you can only begin to imagine." That made them take a mental step back, but I hitched up my skirt and pulled my panties down, removing them. With my skirt around my waist, I sat on the table and put my left foot on one chair and my right foot on another, my legs spread, offering my hairless pussy to them. I unbuttoned my blouse, revealing the fact that I'd not been wearing a bra and that my nipples were hard as diamonds. 

"Someone had better get down here and give me some oral pleasure so that I am wet enough for this. Who's it going to be?" 

Paul was just standing there, his cock clearly erect in his pants. I don't think he'd ever seen anything like this in real life, probably just in magazines and on the internet. Mike on the other hand seemed all too keen and dropped to his knees, his fingers spreading my labia as he used his tongue to get my pussy working. Despite his enthusiasm, I don't think he'd ever done it before because he missed my clit and seemed intent on primariliy just licking up and down my slit. I wasn't about to educate him today, but if this was going to be a regular occurrence, then I'd have to do something about it later. 

I told Paul to come closer to me and he did so. I started to undo his pants and asked him if he'd ever had sex before. He quietly admitted that he hadn't and I heard Mike snigger a bit as he licked at my pussy. I closed my legs on his head, squeezing them so that he had to pull back or be smothered. 

"Don't be such a dick, Mike, if you've ever had sex there was a time before it you know." I pushed him back with my foot and he fell on his arse. Paul snickered a bit himself at that. 

"Come and eat me Dave, I'm sure you at least must know what you're doing. I lay myself back on the table so that my head was near the edge further around the curve of the circle. Dave bent himself over to where my pussy was splayed open for him and took his time looking and touching, exploring it, caressing me with his fingers before beginning to devour me with his tongue. 

I motioned for Paul to come around closer to my head and used my fingers to undo the button and zip to his jeans before getting him to pull them down. He was wearing briefs, though not for very long and when they were gone his dick was about as hard as an iron rod, clearly ready and wanting its first experience with a woman. I was surprised by the size of it. It was huge. Such a pity that a geeky boy like this had never been socially adept enough to get it out for the girls at school. Oh well, their loss, my gain. 

I took his cock in my hand and heard him groan as a girl did this to him for the first time. I pumped up and down his shaft a couple of times before pulling him close enough to engulf his cock in my mouth. I sucked as much of his shaft into my mouth as I could and bobbed up and down before swirling my tongue around the head and licking it up and down Paul could hardly stand still the pleasure was obviously so intense for him. 

I felt my pussy left alone as Dave stood up and pulled me back across the table so that my butt rested on the edge. I looked down over my body at him as he unzipped his pants and dropped them to the floor around his ankles. I looked at the length and girth of his cock and was quietly happy. It wasn't enormous by any means, but it was going to fill me nicely without disappointing me. 

Dave stood between my legs and thrust his cock into me without ceremony, taking control and fucking me the way he wanted to. I must say it was quite a turn-on to be taken that way. He rocked back and forth, his cock sliding in and out of my pussy, his balls slapping against my arse. As he fucked me, I asked Paul if he'd ever felt a girls' breasts. Again he added that he hadn't and I had him give me his hand. I placed it on my breast and guided him in his fondling and pulling so that he got a good idea of what I liked. He was a like a little boy with a new toy. I pulled him back closer to me and sucked him a bit more, tasting his precum that was already seeping from the tip of his penis. 

Whilst this was going on, Mike had dropped his pants to the floor and was wanking himself as he watched his boss fuck the cute little receptionist (me) knowing he was going to get a turn to. 

"Come over here, Mike, I may as well suck it for you, its kind of pathetic with you just hanging out on your own over there .." Mike eagerly came over to put his cock in my mouth. His was the smallest of the lot and when I sucked him right into my mouth and was able to take all of it in. He groaned as his cock disappeared between my lips. 

After sucking him for a bit, I felt Dave speed up the pace between my legs, thrusting faster and harder into my pussy. I held onto Mike's cock, squeezing it as Dave neared his climax. 

"Cum in my mouth, not in my pussy," I said to him. 

"Then you'd better get your mouth down here quick," he said to me, pulling his cock out, holding it. I scrambled off the table and dropped to my knees in front of him, taking his cock, covered in my pussy juices into my mouth, sucking on its head as I pumped the shaft with my hand. Dave tensed and then grunted as he ejected his cum into my mouth. I swallowed it as it filled my mouth, hitting the back of my throat. 

"mm, thank you Nikki, that was great," Dave said, pulling up his pants. "Excuse me but I have to finish some things whilst you take care of those two." And with that he went and sat down at his desk to do some work, occasionally looking up as I worked the other two guys over. 

Whilst I was on the floor on my knees, I put my hands on the floor as well and told Mike I wanted him to do me doggy. He was only too happy to take up a position behind me and to slip his cock into my dripping wet slit. As he started to fuck me, I told Paul to come and put his cock back in my mouth. 

"I want you to cum in my mouth Paul, I send to him as Mike pounded me. Then you'll last a bit longer for your first time." Paul just nodded and dropped to his knees, his monstrous cock pushing into my face. I opened my mouth and took what I could into it, the action of Mike fucking me from behind pushing me further down it to the point that I was almost gagging. I took one of Paul's hands and put it on my breast to get him to pull at my nipple. I pulled at the other one and it wasn't long at all before he grunted and moaned and his cock blew its load against the back of my throat, nearly choking me. I had to pull his cock from my mouth and the second spurt of cum hit me on the cheek, then one hit me on the forehead, tangling with my hair and running down my face to land on the carpet of Dave's office. 

"I'm sorry, Paul," said. 

"Don't be sorry, mate, just get that big cock of yours ready to fuck me. Mike was pumping hard into my pussy now, having just watched his friend paste my face with his goo. I could sense that he was getting close and told him not to cum in me either, that I'd take him in my mouth as well. He pumped me a few more times before announcing that this was it and that he was going to cum. I spun around and took his whole cock into my mouth. I only had to suck up and down the length twice and he blew his load (much smaller than Paul's) and I swallowed it all. He looked at me with awe on his face, mumbling his thanks. 

I rolled onto my back on the carpet then and told Paul that it was his turn, that he had to stick that huge cock inside me and fill my pussy with it. I think just the thought of it nearly sent him over the edge, his cock was already huge again. 

He lay down on top of me and pushed his cock inside my pussy. God it was big, he stretched me the whole time that he was pushing it in. I started to wonder whether I could take it all when he pulled out again, starting up a fucking motion, grunting and moaning the whole time. It was obvious that he wasn't going to last long and I reached down and played with my clit whilst he shoved his cock in and out of me with that enthusiasm that accompanies a boy's first time. 

He told me that he couldn't hold it any more and I told him to cum on my belly, he pulled out just as his cock spurted yet another big load which actually hit me on the cheek, leaving a big streak of cum back across my breasts and belly. I was amazed that there was so much of it a second time. 

Paul stood up then and I said goodbye, giving them the message that it was over. Paul and Mike quickly dressed and left the room. 

I walked over to where David was working at his desk. 

"There's just one more thing I need," I said to him as I waked around to his side, cum dripping off my face and down my body. 

"What's that, Nikki?" he asked. 

I pushed the papers off of his desk and lay down with my cummy body pressed against the space I'd just cleared. 

"Fuck me up the arse. Put you dick deep in my butt and cum for me," 

"God, you really are as outrageous as your stories, aren't you?" he said, standing up and dropping his pants. 

"Only when it suits me. Now shut up and butt fuck me." David pushed his cock into my pussy, getting it nice and wet before positioning the head of it against my puckered arsehole. I pushed back against him as he pushed into me, his cock spearing its way slowly inside my anus. He pushed until he was deep inside me and then slowly pulled out again. It felt so fucking good. I reached down between my legs to finger my clit and he fucked my arse, pumping it with his cock, my cummy breasts sliding over the leather insert of his desk. 

"Oh yes, fuck my arse David, fill it with your cock, cum in me, make my arse leak cum," I said to him as he began pistoning his cock in and out of my butt. He pushed deep inside my arse and held there as his cock pulsed and released his seed inside me. That was it for me and I tweaked my clit one more time and came, my pussy suring and butt clenching in response to the pinnacle of pleasure I had reached. Dave's cock eased out of my arse and I picked up my panties from where I had dumped them, slipping them on. There was cum oozing from my butt and I just put the on anyway, knowing I'd be driving home with it slipping and sliding around in my underwear. 

I pulled my skirt back down, buttoned my blouse back up and walked from his office. 

"You're a bloody marvel, Nikki," Dave said as I departed.