 Ch. 04 Finale - The Pleasure Swing

The group had freshened up and was gathered on the balcony drinking champas when Wolf arrived, pushing a trolley load of hot refreshments. The view from the balcony was breathtaking. The moon still lent the night its beauty and far to the south the tireless beacon of a lighthouse swept the sea. Beneath the balcony was a lit spa pool in which an inlaid image of Chloe lay imbedded upon its tiled, terrazzo floor. 

The heady scent of fresh makeup and Magnolias hung upon the summer night as couples mingled and engaged. Gale was standing by the parapet. Her perfect breasts, softly lit by moonlight had kept me aroused and wanting more of her. My pulsating erection stood pointing at the stars and my balls were big and full again. She flashed a seductive smile at me and I joined her.

Gale's smiling eyes dropped to my eager cock. "Hmm, I see you're up and ready for more, honey," she teased. 

"I will always be ready for more of you, baby," I grinned. 

"Oh sure, you'd say that to any of the girls. I bet you'd fuck me right here and now on the balcony, 'IF' I'd let you." she teased.

"Hmm, that lube oozing out your pussy tells me that you wouldn't hold out too long," I smirked.

"Take a look at yourself - in the state you're in, you're anybody's," she concluded. In a smart mouth contest, between a man and woman, the woman always has the final word.

The band broke the rapport into which Gale and I had quickly fallen. The first shrill notes from the alto sax seared across the ballroom, bringing into focus the other playmates. As the Rainbow Trio began playing a hip swinging arrangement of St Louis Blues, a full two hours had passed since the "Initiation" that had made Ann and me the newest playmates in the group.

Gale and I finished our Champagne in a single swill and drifted back to join the others gathered loosely around the pad. Ann was with the handsome couple with whom she had been flirting in the spa, a massive Polynesian and his cute black American wife who had worn the indigo thong. They had introduced themselves to us earlier as, Tako and Tiffany.

As Ann prepared to take center stage and bring the night literally to its climax, she was more stunningly beautiful than I had ever seen her. Freshly applied eye makeup sent a new wave of lust into my throbbing cock. Her eyelashes had a more defining touch of mascara; her upper and lower lids were painted frosty, aqua blue and her mouth was now a slutty slash of bright geranium. Her nipples too had been artfully brushed with the same arousing colors.

Above the pad, the pleasure swing hung idly from a rafter to which it was attached by a swivel bolt. Laser light strobes had been placed to shoot rainbow colored beams upon the harness as soon as someone lay in it. Surrounding it, the braziers still burned brightly casting dancing shadows on the pad.

On a nod from Natalie, Ann, with the aid of the Tako whose hand she held for balance, and Tiffany who held her train, climbed the steps onto the pad and began to dance. She stood with her long shapely legs spaced wide apart to open both the split in her skirt and the rosy lips of her hot, shaven pussy. Nestled proudly within it, her ripe, pink clitoris stood glistening as her hips rotated to a wild, jungle rhythm that the drummer had begun. 

Ann's long arms reached for the rafters, slowly waving in time with the music. Her dance became almost unbearably erotic as her rotating shoulders swung her breasts in a circular motion. Her head tilted downwards in an attitude of mock shyness, her lustful eyes fed on her own voluptuousness.

Our cheers raised the level of excitement as we urged her on. Ann was in a trance of ecstasy. With her hands free of her long gloves, unbuttoned at the wrists, she taunted us by caressing and finger fucking herself. The effect on the group, including myself, was electrifying. The well-hung guys proudly showed off their erections to her and the girls were cupping and wiggling their shapely tits to heighten her arousal.

Holding her hands behind her back, Ann leant forward to accentuate the line of her tits as she shook them shamelessly at us all. The tension rose to fever pitch. I was so aroused that I didn't notice her hands unhook her skirt. It slid smoothly over her creamy hips onto her scarlet stilettos, leaving her all but nude and standing in a pool of satin. Her gold gloves, the scarlet ribbon, the string of pearls that rolled over her nipples and breasts, were all that covered her nudity. The muscles in my stomach tightened as my once shy wife stepped back into the black, webbed harness of the pleasure swing. 

Natalie stepped onto the pad and quickly fastened the restraints that supported and splayed Ann's legs, yet allowing them freedom of movement to respond to the men that would fuck her.

Natalie, having secured the straps, began tweaking Ann's nipples and slid a finger into her cunt to test her readiness. "Oooh," Ann gasped as she writhed under Natalie's tender touch. A second finger joined the first sending a fresh thrill through her body. Her head threw back and she closed her eyes, "Ooooaaaaah! That feels sooo good."

Natalie smiled at her seductively and whispered, "I think you're ready for some action honey. Tako, Tiffany, Wolf, Tony ... Ann is for your pleasure. Take her!

The big men and the tall, lithe woman clambered onto the pad. The Polynesian stepped between her legs and black Tiffany stood at her head as each adjusted Ann's height to the level of their sex. The blond German and the Italian stallion knelt on cushions to either side of Ann and began to tongue-tease her long, sensitive nipples. She squirmed and giggled as they tormented her tits without respite. 

She caught a glimpse of Tako's massive dick. "Oh my god! Where do you think you're going with that?" she looked at his erection with a mixture of excitement and alarm.

Tako smiled softly at her, "Wherever he leads I follow, honey," his broad features broke into a wide grin. "And right now, he's headed for your pussy!"

Flushed all over, Ann quivered with nervous arousal. Tako knelt beside the swing, tickling and teasing her open clit with his warrior tongue. And the more he teased and tickled her the wetter she got and the louder her laughter became. "Oh you cruel ... Ooh, you bastards... just FUCK me Tako," she screamed as her head threw back between Tiffany's open legs. Ann's mouth opened onto the beautiful black woman's pussy. She began to eat her.

Natalie lay on her back beneath the swing where not only did she have an engineer's view of Tako's beautiful, big, golden balls and his long, thick drive shaft, but also she had access to both Wolf's and Tony's lonely cocks upon which she wasted no time sucking on one, while she jacked off the other in rapid rotation. 

Now, for as long as I have known him, "big bad John" has always hated waste and when he saw Natalie lying on her back with her fiery red pussy staring him in the face, the first word that sprang to his thrifty mind was, "waste". So down he went on hands and knees to crawl between Natalie's legs until he could insert his long, lascivious tongue into her vacant love tunnel. She soon had her legs locked around his neck with the heels of her stilettos pressed quite hard against the back of his head.

Milton saw his chance with Tiffany, who was moaning loudly as Ann's tongue slaked her. He stepped onto the pad behind her and, cupping her cheeky black tits in his huge pink palms, he slid his nine-inch baton between her legs into Ann's inverted mouth. She looped her pearls over his big, black balls and around the base of his wicked cock, before guiding it into Tiffany's exotic slit.

My own erection became more urgent and unmanageable as I watched Ann being ravished in the swing. Above the music, Gale beside me whispered, "As it was I, who caught her flowers, you get to fuck me first, honey. Now aren't you lucky that I jumped higher than the other girls, huh!" To illustrate her points, she bounced up and down mischievously in front of me, and laughed at how serious I suddenly became.

Backlit against the flaming torches, Gale's long hair glowed with a lustrous fire. She had lowered her face to mine spilling the softness of her copper mane about my cheeks and shoulders until, within that silky curtain, there were just the two of us. Her green eyes were but inches from mine, "Oh god, you are gorgeous," was all I managed to say before my cock had found its way into her hot, well lubricated cunt. 

"Oh Fuck me baby, just fuck me good!" Gale demanded.

"Oh honey, you are such a hot, wet Bitch!" I slid my hands under her arms and gripped her shoulders - thrusting from side to side inside her, pulling her hard onto my aching cock - faster, faster, I couldn't stop but just kept fucking this beautiful woman that responded so perfectly to each and every stroke. 

Only then did I notice Fay. She was lying on her back beside us with her arms outstretched submissively on the pad with her splayed legs pointing at the ceiling. Through half closed lids she was watching me fuck Gale as Milton was fucking her, "Oooooh Milton! Give it to me honey! Fuck me with your beautiful big black rod!" It was more than he could stand. Milton's pace grew faster as he reached his climax. His body arched and a second later his massive cock shot a wad of thick white sperm into her wanton cunt. Fay screamed and thrashed on the pad as her orgasm spread and consumed her. 

Ann looked up at the huge warrior of a man who was about to fuck her. He aroused in her feelings that she had never felt before and over which she had no control. She felt like a shameless whore and she loved it. Her body had begun to respond fiercely, even before his golden pole had touched the eager lips of her open cunt. Her face and neck had flushed and the color was spreading to her swollen breasts. "Oh fuck me Tako, fuck me," she pleaded. Her eyes closed as his arrowhead pierced her. "Ooh ...Ooooh!" she gasped, as her head threw back between the wide-open legs of a tall brunette at her head. 

Tako's great hands and arms held Ann's hips firmly as he slowly worked the head of his golden shaft deeper into her lust-crazed cunt. His strong, powerful arms were covered in the swirling patterns of tribal tattoos. Those fascinated and excited her terribly as she began to buck her hips against his penetration.

Ann's eyes were wild with lust at the sights, the sounds, and the sensations that ravished her. Her moans grew deeper and louder as Tako fucked her to the music's increasing tempo.

The pleasure swing was slightly behind and above us. Ann glanced down at couples and threesomes moaning, groaning and fucking on the pad around her. I glimpsed Tako's giant cock sliding in and out of her with long, deep strokes. Tako let out an almighty roar, as his thick cock suddenly erupted deep inside Ann's pussy, filling her with thick, warm semen. She caterwauled in a long and ruthless climax that set me teetering on the brink of a yawning chasm into which I was about to fall.

Gale's kegel muscles bore down on my cock like a cobra tightening its coils to strangle its prey. Her face and pert, firm breasts were covered in beads of sweat. "FUCK me!" she screamed, "FUCK ME...Now honey, let me have it all!" 

It was more than I could stand. "Oh what a luscious slut you are," I groaned, "Give, you sexy bitch!" She reached under my butt to caress and spread her hot juices all over my balls as I began to ream her. 

I had passed the Rubicon and could withhold no longer. Her cunt pulsated around my rock hard cock, so tight, so slippery and so wet. She raised her hips to meet my thrusts, pleasuring her clit with her fingers as we fucked. I felt her orgasm building. She scooped her wetness over my butt and slid a slippery finger into my anus. I roared as my shattering orgasm erupted deep inside her and the first light of dawn broke over Oceanview. #

End.