 After the lightness of the dressing room, I found myself in almost total darkness. As my eyes adjusted to the gloom I heard music and saw a glimmer of light between two rich drapes. I drew them aside and stepped onto a strip of crimson carpet that ran down an avenue of burning braziers, in the center of a spacious ballroom. 

Moonlight filtered through the tall windows. Double doors in the center led onto a terrace that overlooked the ocean, and from where I was standing, a shimmering path of moonlight lay reflected on the sea. Oceanview - how apt, I thought.

The runner led my eye directly to a circular dais, perhaps some twenty paces away. And spaced around its circumference, facing inwards to this elevated platform, sat seven groomsmen wearing Fuxedos, much the same as mine.

A number of soft divans, of various shapes and sizes, furnished the open room and on the wall two large, gilt-framed Norman Lindsay paintings made an unmistakable statement as to the type of function that was held in this erotic setting. Beneath these works, a three-piece band provided music. An attractive, near naked woman played a grand piano. A tall, dark, bare-chested guy in snakeskin pants, played an alto sax and a wild looking tattooed guy, wearing an Akubra and moleskins, was on drums. A crystal spectrum icon on the microphone named them as, The Rainbow Trio.

To the earthy rhythms of the Rainbows, I strolled towards the groomsmen who welcomed me to the enclave. The first I recognized was a sartorially resplendent Milton, bedecked in a black Fux jacket, his wicked looking prong protruded from a scarlet V belt. Milton flashed me a wide grin, I said, "Hi." 

Opposite him, John greeted me with a mile wide smile; like the rest of us, his "big bad John" dangled obscenely, like a pound of Belgian sausage, from his violet V belt. I had to comment, "God man, you're in great shape tonight, I can now see what Ann meant when I overheard her asking if you had a license to carry that weapon!" 

"Of course," John said, "I'm number seven...007 with a license to thrill." His answer drew a roar of laughter from the guys. 

Only later did I appreciate the ingenuity of his wit when I learnt that the order in which the men were seated around the pad was clockwise, according to their initiation date. 

I would also learn the significance of the different colored V belts the men were wearing. They represented the seven colors of the rainbow. So that whenever a new playmate couple joined the group, the first color in the spectrum, the 'red couple', would leave the group, and at the next event, the couples would then move up one color. 

The plush carpet formed an aisle between the dais and the groomsmen, who each sat on a chaise longue spaced around the edge of it. Interspersed between them, potted palm arrangements broke the symmetry and created an atmosphere of elegance and intimacy. 

On closer inspection, the dais proved to be an upholstered, black leather pad, about thigh high, with steps at twelve and six o'clock. Colored cushions in rainbow colors were scattered randomly on the pad and suspended a few feet above the center, hung the slowly rotating harness of a pleasure swing.

Forming a quadrant around the pad, sculptured marble goddesses, "The Four Seasons", stood upon their pedestals. Each held above her head a torch from which livid tongues of flame leapt like dancing devils, casting flickering firelight over the mortals they watched below. 

John had sensed my awkwardness as I stood there at the opening to the circle, not knowing quite where I should be or what I should be doing, "Relax man, just hang loose and stay cool until the girls arrive," he reassured.

No sooner had he said so than from somewhere in background the chiming of a clock announced the midnight hour. The band changed mood and tempo, and broke into a raunchy arrangement of the St Louis Blues. 

At the rear of the ballroom, from where I had entered it, the heavy drapes swung back. My senses reeled. I had never seen anything so matchlessly erotic as the bevy of bridal beauties that had begun to bump and grind its way down the crimson strip towards us. 

Ann! She took my breath away and my cock hardened and rose in a heartbeat at the sight of her transformation. She was wearing a cream satin skirt, split in the front from the waist with its long train held by three bridesmaids either side. 

Her long gloves were of gold satin and she held in her hands a bouquet of fresh red roses and magnolia blooms. Each skirt-parting step of her scarlet stilettos betrayed her wet arousal and brought her one step closer to the consummation of the sharing that this night would bring. 

I might not have recognized her at some distance as her veil diffused her features. Unrestrained in their eager pride, there was no mistaking her wonderful breasts and hard, dark nipples. Strips of red satin ribbon artfully framed them as she strutted between those blazing braziers. They bounced and danced to a rhythm of their own, and around her neck, swinging wildly over and between her cleavage, hung a long and lustrous string of fashion pearls. 

From behind me, the men responded to the advancing troupe with a chorus of primal groans and cheers, mine among them. Natalie, at her side, wore a glittering necklace of emeralds and diamonds, and nothing else but long black gloves, a scarlet thong, and black stilettos - as they strutted their hot flesh down the aisle towards us, she came as close to upstaging the bride as a woman can get.

The bridesmaids were also topless, their nipples made up to compliment their individual style and eye make-up. Hung on the forearm, each carried a cream satin purse on a gold chain. They wore either black or cream gloves to match their stilettos, and a colored thong in accordance to their place in the spectrum. 

Scarlet lips smiled seductively at me from beneath a wide brimmed hat that hid the wearer's eyes and added an extra inch in both directions to my raging cock. In spite of her outrageously slutty make-up, it suddenly dawned upon me who it was that wore a violet thong - it was Fay! 

The party reached us as the music faded. Natalie ushered the bridesmaids into the aisle to join their partners, leaving Ann and I standing side by side at the entrance to horseshoe. Natalie stood to one side of us like a celebrant, and after the group had settled she began, "Playmates, we are gathered here to welcome Ann and Marius to the nuptials of our group."

All the guys were fully erect, their dew tipped dicks glistened and flexed beneath the flickering torchlight, the women were aroused and ready for them. Of those hidden from us by the pad, there could be no doubt - their lust-racked faces said it all. 

The girls' breasts and nipples were erect and flushed in anticipation of the erotic ceremony in which we were all about to participate, as brothers in law, as sisters in law, in lust. 

Natalie continued, "Ann and Marius are about to "Walk the Rainbow", so gentlemen, you may now remove your Fux jackets and your partners will give you your wedding rings. Ann and Marius will stop by each of you for just seven minutes, to meet and introduce themselves. The band keeps time. They will move on through the spectrum until they reach the Rainbow's end. Thank you, let us begin." 

Natalie turned to Ann, "Let me take these. Your hands will be full enough without them!" She smiled as she took Ann's flowers and placed them by the pad.

Ann and the women opened their satin purses and each withdrew a ring, not your normal wedding ring with which we're all familiar, but a larger, thicker one of colored silicone jelly resembling a thick, fat doughnut, some two inches thick. 

Ann dropped to her knees before me. As one about to perform a difficult task, she held the tip of her tongue between her teeth and her head tilted sideways. She tried to slip it on my cock like a quoit, but it wouldn't quite fit. Unfazed, and wearing an amused smile, she thrust it between her legs and smeared it with her fluid, and just to make sure that I was plenty wet, she took me in her mouth and sucked lasciviously. I groaned. 

A few more seconds of this and I would have shot in her mouth. Sensing it, she hastily withdrew to look up at me and tease, "Hmm, I think there's one or two other ladies who are waiting for your precious cream, so for now, I shall let you keep it my love!" She laughed. She slid the ring slowly up and down a few times before pressing it firmly against my balls, "The girls call these things plunge busters! Neat trick, huh?" she laughed.

"Mean!" I said, as she rose.

Natalie took her seat by Milton and at her nod the band began playing Candy. Ann gave me her very sexy smile, "OK... Looks like we're on, so are you ready to share me with all these studs and watch them fuck my brains out?" she said, quietly and provocatively.

"When you are, yes...so long as you don't mind watching me make out with these wild honey sluts?" I said.

Ann just gave a consenting smile, "Let's go." She said.

Her iridescent make up was so seductive and delicious. I lifted her veil and pulled it back. "Now it won't get in the way." I teased, as we both stepped into the Rainbow.

We entered the aisle to the left and presented our sex to Milton and Natalie. Milton's solid black shaft was as hard as rock. With its big red ring encircling the root it looked like the devil's play top, and it was. He sat with his knees wide apart in an open invitation that Ann could not resist. Standing before him, flaunting her sex in Milton's face, Ann looped her pearls under his sack and drew them slowly, back and forth - her eyes locked on to his. She twirled a few loops over his knob and began to tease, and tease some more. Wild with lust, his eyes begged her to go down on him. Dropping to her knees between his legs, she gave him some pearl torture as she palmed and began caressing his big black billiard balls. Looking up at him with feigned innocence, Ann's red lips parted showing her fine white teeth. Her eyelids were painted pale blue-violet over mascara lashes, and the thrust of her beribboned breasts taunted him terribly. Milton had met her gaze in a test of power, and lost.

A good eight inches of Milton's spectacular prong stuck out through the red ring. He was thick and strong and even in spite of her high level of readiness, Ann had never seen anything like it ever before, ...except perhaps Big John's. 

With her free hand Ann took hold of his member and slid her thumb over the head to spread his copious pre cum. His pupils dilated, his eyelids flickered as he succumbed to the sensations that tore through his ebony body like a twister through a cornfield.

Ann's eyes held triumph as her lips closed over him, and the tip of her tongue wrought havoc with his senses. I moved forward to watch her hands and lips at work on him. Milton groaned as he held her head between his big black hands, to guide it as she slaked him. 

My pre cum was dripping on the carpet. Natalie, sitting beside him, took hold of my cock and pulled me into her mouth. For the second time that night I felt the lash of her tongue as it flayed my wayward Willie, and I groaned.

Milton was on the edge as Ann rose from her knees and Natalie aware of her need withdrew from me. She lifted the train of Ann's satin skirt over Milton's legs as she turned to lower herself backwards on his massive cock and guide it into her weeping hole. 

Ann lowered herself slowly onto Milton's member. Natalie ran her forefinger around Ann's hood, which made her squirt and compelled her to lower and impale herself on Milton's unyielding stake to sate her aching lust that throughout the night had been gathering like a storm. As he slowly filled her, she closed her eyes and a long, low moan escaped her.

Milton held Ann firmly by the hips as she used her legs to ride him like a broncobuster. He bucked and twisted in her. Her head threw back, her legs spread wide, and her tits bounced up and down crazily from side to side.

Milton's eyes were glazed. His body arched as tentacles of his thick warm sperm shot deep into her cunt. Above the music, Ann's long caterwaul echoed through the ballroom and all around us other couples moaned and masturbated themselves and each other, at the sight.

Pounding out a primal beat, the drummer raised the tempo as we moved on to the Orange playmates. My cock was still raging after watching Ann with Milton. I found myself looking into the taunting green eyes of a mature, quicksilver blonde. Her partner was the blue-eyed German.

She held in her hand a lime green, silicone vibrator. She sat with her shapely legs outstretched, shamelessly spread to expose her wet, pink pussy lips, swollen and inviting. Arresting my eyes, she parted her thong and slid the vibrator's rotating head slowly into her creamy slit. "I'm Joan," she moaned.

I was so turned on by this that I couldn't speak, I just stood close to her in the Y of her open legs, my throbbing cock stood outrageously swollen and erect. Her scent was driving me insane.

The tip of her tongue pressed hard against the sharp edge of her upper teeth. She held my gaze through half closed lids. In the flickering firelight her full red lips promised passion, no trace of a smile as she began fucking herself into frenzy with the vibe. With her free hand, she reached for my wet cock and began squeezing and jacking me. Her breasts, framed by a cupless, chartreuse halter, excited the hell out of me. "I want you in me now," she said huskily. It wasn't a request, but a demand.

She dropped the vibe as I lifted her bodily from the seat. She had wrapped her legs around my waist, digging her heels into my butt. I lowered her onto my throbbing prong. Her hands were locked behind my neck, and mine were clasped beneath her small, tight ass. Impaled upon my sword, she leant backwards, away from me, mocking me with her eyes. The sight of her hard, dark nipples and firm, white tits bouncing up and down before my eyes, blew my senses into oblivion. I pulled her roughly to me and our mouths clashed in a ferocious kiss. She bit me on the lip and I tasted blood. "You bitch!" I snarled, as a wave of uncontrollable lust swept over me, and turned me into nothing but a wild and senseless fucking machine. 

Without withdrawing, I carried her in tandem to the pad and fell on top of her. To the drumbeat I began to pound her pagan pussy with my broadsword. "Yes!" she hissed, "... that's right baby, give it to me...give me all you can you sexy stud... just keep FUCKING ME!" as she bucked and raised her hips to meet my thrusts. 

I felt her orgasm rising as her kegel muscles contracted around my shaft. I drove in hard against the ring...Oh how I ached to just rip it off and ride her bareback to the finish post! Her squirming climax was loud and rousing, but incomplete. She pushed her hand against my shoulder and rolled on top of me. 

We were close to the edge of the pad and Ann, standing on the carpet, leant forward to loop her long string of luster pearls beneath Joan's breasts, rolling them upwards over her nipples. But Ann's were also being cupped and titillated by the tall, blue-eyed German guy with whom she had been flirting in the atrium on arrival. He nipped her on her neck and shoulders from behind, sending a fresh rush of color to her full, ripe breasts. 

Ann looked down at me over Joan's bare shoulders, and I returned her look of wanton abandonment as the rampant vixen rode me to the edge of bliss - just as the music stopped!

We moved on to the other Colors, each in turn, and the more we 'mixed' the more we wanted. Our yet all erotic and sensational. Ann's coupling with a handsome German partner, Wolf, was particularly beautiful and arousing. He brought her to orgasm twice, within their seven minutes. 

The petite, chestnut brunette, Gale, almost pushed me over the edge twice during our 'introduction'. Her particular talents had been entirely wasted in serving drinks downstairs, but I later learnt that at each initiation, the duties of serving food and drink belonged to spectrum Green. 

At the Rainbow's end, Fay and John were pleasuring themselves as we approached, which sent my libido into overdrive. The sexual tensions that had developed between us over the years were finally to be released. All past moments of secret yearnings were now laid bare as we openly savored the sight of each other's nudity.

As we reached them, Fay and John stood up and we each took the other's partner in a passionate embrace. Fay soon had her hand around my cock, squeezing and teasing. I slid three fingers between her legs and into her cunt. She moved her feet slightly wider apart, inviting my fingers to explore more deeply as she pressed her hard breasts into my chest. The neurons were flying between receptors in my brain, or whatever little remained of it. Our tongues had found each other, tentatively at first, and then got nasty as they sought responses.

John was already on the pad with Ann between his knees. She looked up at him as she held his ringed monster with both hands, like a virgin holding a candle at an altar. Then lowering her head, as if in prayer, she took him into her mouth and began to sip at the chalice that overfloweth with the nectar of life.

Fay led me to the edge of the pad and sat facing me, her shapely legs crossed in a mockery of modesty as she smiled seduction. She still wore her wide brimmed hat and long cream satin gloves. She leaned back on her arms and surveyed my vertical erection and bulging balls, then slowly and brazenly uncrossed her legs.

Like an Arab at an oasis I knelt to drink of its life giving fluid, the road to Mecca lay open and inviting. Her musk fragrance refreshed and excited me as I drank of her juices. "Ooh! Ooooh! Now Luvee, Now!" Fay moaned.

Beside us a few feet away, Ann had straddled John; with outstretched arms on his shoulders, she was lowering herself onto his huge, raw meat. Her long legs spread the split front of her skirt wide and the satin train spilled over John's legs behind her. Ann gasped loudly as the head of his huge prick slowly disappeared into her dripping hole. 

Fay's thong fell away as I pulled undone the bow at her hip. Her colors excited me - frosty green eye-makeup over full scarlet lips. At her neck, the wide silver collar with the large emerald stone, flashed green fire above the smooth, white valley of her breasts. "Oh baby - how long have I longed to have you like this," I murmured. 

Tilting her head to one side she returned my reckless look and removed her hat. Freed from its scroll, her long, blonde hair spilled over her shoulders, somehow emphasising her nakedness. "Your wait is over - just shut up and fuck me silly, honey." I pushed her gently back onto the pad, spreading her legs with my knees.

Straddling him, Ann hunched forward like a jockey to allow John to suck and nibble at her tits as he bucked and fucked her. Her moans of delight added to our excitement as she rode on his big bad John. "Oooh John! You are sooo big!" she moaned. Fay turned her head to watch. I felt the rush of heat to her cunt as she responded to the sight of Ann astride her man. 

Ann sat upright for the full penetration that his ring would allow. Her shapely tits bounced to his rhythm as he thrust and reamed inside her. As his pace quickened, Ann and I were aware of each other's lust in fucking someone else, just as they were. We each turned our heads to watch our partners fucking our best friend. The girls' moans grew louder as they climaxed in synch - John and I both lost control, shooting our wads into the insatiable cunts of each other's wife, just as the music died! 

Natalie adjusted the band's microphone, "Playmates, I now take pleasure in congratulating Ann and Marius, and welcoming them as new members of the spectrum. As you know, by our rules, Milton and I must retire from the group as from tonight. And next week it will be our turn to be initiated, somewhere over another Rainbow.
