 The pilot stepped out onto the pad and beckoned us to board. From beneath her metallic blue helmet to match the Bell, a mass of fiery red hair cascaded over her bare shoulders. She wore a strapless, black leather bra top above matching skintight pants. "Hi John, Hi Fay," she yelled above the noise of the idling Bell, "wonderful to have you join us once again, please introduce me." She directed an appraising smile towards Ann and me. 

"Hi' ya Natalie, you sexy bitch, meet Marius and Ann," said John, lecherously ogling her small but outrageously protruding breasts. 

Oh my god, I thought, as I mentally stripped her - it didn't take a lot of imagination. Even Ann didn't hide her admiration as she returned her smile. I had a raging boner and it showed. 

The Dragonfly seats five passengers in all, one beside the pilot and four in two rows behind. John eagerly helped Ann into one of the two rearmost seats before climbing in beside her. Fay gave me a tantalizing glimpse of bare thigh as she raised her leg to step aboard. I swung in beside her and was about to close the hatch when a voice that I recognized as belonging to the Opal receptionist came over the radio. "Alpha November 69, hold position for your other passenger." 

Natalie lifted the mike to her sensuous lips. "Alpha November 69 to Opal Base...holding." 

A minute or two later a tall, dark figure stepped onto the pad and strode towards the waiting Bell. 

"Well Ann, looky who it is! ... Now aren't you the lucky one," Fay giggled as the lead drummer in whom Ann had been so interested in 'down below', swung his lean bulk into the vacant front seat beside Natalie. If Ann flushed, then she kept it to herself and gave nothing away as to indicate her thoughts or feelings.

Natalie greeted him with a smoldering sidelong glance, "Hi Milton, I thought you had deserted me." 

"Hey dudes, thanks for waiting." Milton said, in a Deep Southern accent, "Boss man raised all hell until Big Daddy agreed to sit in for me, great guy." 

After a few minutes of belting up and awaiting clearance from Mascot Tower, the Bell lifted with a roar into the midnight blue of the Sydney sky. Natalie spoke into the cabin microphone, "Welcome aboard folks, tonight after we land I will be your party hostess so please sit back, relax, and enjoy yourselves." The microphone clicked off and the cabin lights went out.

Reflected in the Plexiglas, I caught a glimpse of John and Ann leaning into each other, "Oh my god John! Do you have a license to carry this weapon?"

"Come here you hot slut", John whispered above Ann's smothered giggles, and a rustling of her skirt.

Silence for a bit and then, "Hmm ...Ooh...Oh yes John ... yes, just there! Oooh!" Somehow it made me even hornier to hear my wife getting hot to another man's touch.

The Bell banked steeply affording us a breathtaking view of the city lights a few hundred feet below. Luna Park, the Sydney Harbour Bridge, the floodlit sails of the Sydney Opera House. And out of Circular Quay a stream of ferries etched their wakes on the harbor between Manly, Mosman, and Taronga Park. Obviously, we were heading southeast towards the coast.

Fay leaned into me as I put my arm around her. "Coo" she mimed, laying on her cockney accent, "isn't it just luverly!" She gave a wicked giggle as her hand clasped firmly around my throbbing cock! I groaned as I began fondling her through the sheer black magic of her dress.

She unzipped my pants and kept squeezing my cock, whilst at the same time lightly stroking her thumb over my corona. She soon had it weeping tears of sheer joy.

I lifted her skirt above her knees as she eagerly spread her legs as wide as the engineers that had designed this sky bubble had not allowed for. My fingertips traced the soft inner whiteness of her thighs until they reached the hot wet lips of her pantie-less pussy. I began caressing and tormenting her as I circled my finger around the hood of her engorged clitoris. She squeezed my cock tighter sending a wave of lust through my loins and legs, which spread like fire to the tips of my toes. 

Like nimble fencers, we feinted and parried each other's lust. I thrust my fingers deeply into her hot wet cunt, curving them to caress her G spot. She arched in her seat and moaned, "Ooh, yes luvee, Fuck me! Fuck me with your fingers!"

None of what was going on behind him had been lost on Milton, one very sexy man. We couldn't see what his long velvet fingers were doing to Natalie, but it didn't take much imagination. Their sidelong glances were easily readable by the luminous glow of the instruments spread before them - their bodies were on the same frequency continuously signaling each other like the Bell's transponder with Air Traffic Control. 

Natalie protested weakly, "Behave yourself Milton ... later!" then miming his accent, "How in hell do you expect me to 'flar this godam thang'!" A few minutes later Natalie's cabin microphone broke the spell, "Sorry to disturb you folks. Please fasten your seat belts. We will be landing in about five minutes," Click. 

I had lost all sense of time and had no idea as to where we were or how far we might have flown. The bright warm orb of a harvest moon rose out of the sea to port, and ahead a curving line of unbroken surf stretched before us down the coast of New South Wales. Flying at only a few hundred feet we watched in wonder the glowing patterns of phosphorous on wet sand as rollers spent their foam upon a virgin beach.

Natalie adjusted the rotor's pitch as we began descending towards the finger of a high bluff that pointed into the Pacific. Above it, the glittering pendant of the Southern Cross was suspended in the clear night sky. A minute later we were circling an austere sandstone mansion that stood above the cliffs as a sentinel faces the sea. 

Natalie set us down softly beside two other parked helicopters, some fifty yards from the house on a large lawn that from above we could see was just a small part of its grounds. The rotors flickered to a stop, then opening the hatch Natalie sprang to the lawn as nimbly as a cat. Removing her helmet she shook her hair free with a toss of her head, "Welcome to Oceanview folks," she said, as we all climbed out and stretched our legs. "And now, if you are all hot to trot, let's go party shall we!" she grinned. 

In the levity given of the moment we laughed as Natalie and Milton led us towards the house. Milton had his arm around her shoulders, pulling her slightly off balance and playfully teasing and groping her as they walked. She giggled and pretended to reject him with slaps and punches to his arm and chest, to which he reacted as a stallion under whip. 

John and Fay had their arms about each other as they walked ahead of us. Occasionally they would give each other a playful slap on the butt, followed by peals of laughter. They teased each other with innuendo about the previous party, "I hope you aren't planning on spending all your savings on that blue-eyed, blonde guy again tonight, honey - I think Marius wants to make a big deposit to your money box," John taunted.

Fay flashed back, "Oh shut up! After the way you blew your bundle last week on that red-hot Italian slut who almost killed you, you'll be lucky if you can keep it up for Ann tonight!"

Ann and I walked tightly arm in arm sensing each other's mix of high level excitement and nervous apprehension. Perhaps our body language spoke of the pact we had made, to experience together, or separately, whatever might await us within the looming sandstone walls of Oceanview. 

"Are you still OK with this?" I said, with some concern. She threw me a slow smile.

"Just a touch of stage fright darling, I'll be fine ... besides, I've passed the Rubicon." 

"Rubicon?" I queried.

"A point of no return, darling," she said. Then sliding her hand deep into my hip pocket she reached down to my aching shaft, "Hmm ...and looks like you've passed it too I'd say my love. Whatever has Fay done to make it so big and hard?" she teased. 

"Nothing that John hasn't done to yours I'd guess, ... you "hot slut," I quoted him. She just wiggled her tits at me and smiled as she glanced up at the canopy of stars, and at all the nocturnal beauty that surrounded us.

Strolling by moonlit roses and beds of frangipani, we drew nearer the double story Georgian mansion. A huge magnolia bedecked in lustrous creamy blooms laid an intoxicating fragrance upon the summer night. Soft, warm light shone from tall, paned windows surrounding its central portico. 

Natalie flashed a signal from a gadget and the large oak door swung open, and closed behind us, as we entered the richly paneled entrance hall. On either side of the hall stood a Greek god carved from marble. Two stuffed peacocks, perched on pedestals, welcomed us - to symbolize male vanity, I mused. There are few sexier sounds than the imperious clicking on parquets of 3 pairs of stilettos. The girls had announced our arrival as dramatically as a drum roll. 

Natalie led us through the archway, into a large reception area, to join a group of trendily dressed couples sipping cocktails. Amid their cheers we entered. "Hey Wonder Woman, Welcome back!" "Hi Fay, we've missed you!" "Hi there, Big John! Hi ya Milton! ... And I've missed you both!" cooed a cute little blue-eyed blonde. Her ponytail was tied with a bow of scarlet ribbon, in the artful way of a woman.

Natalie raised the palms of her hands, "Ladies and gentlemen, thank you, but before we continue, it is my pleasure to introduce to you, on behalf of John and Fay, our new playmates, Marius and Ann. I'm sure you will make them most welcome," she said, with a provocative curve of her full, red lips.

The company received us warmly. The women gathered around Ann whilst I met and shook hands with the guys. John, Fay, and Milton drifted away to join the others. A topless waitress, with a heart-shaped face and comely smile, presented me with a tray of assorted cocktails. Her straight chestnut hair was parted in the middle and fell naturally over her shoulders, and half way down her back. 

My eyes feasted upon the arresting thrust of her breasts, which made choosing a drink dead easy. With my eyeballs glued to her hard dark nipples I just groped for a glass and swilled it ...for all I knew it might well have been straight hemlock. "Hello" I said, "I love your hair," I grinned.

"I'm so pleased that you've finally noticed it." She answered with a laugh.

"What's your name?" I asked?

"Gale," she replied.

"Hi Gale, nice to meet you. I hope I'll see more of you tonight," I said.

"Oh you will," she whispered, "I am always at your service Sir," she winked with a parting smile, and tossing her head she turned on her heels and wiggled her cheeky bare ass away.

At the foot of a wide marble staircase stood a large round table of dips, fruit, and light refreshments. In the background there was music, the melodious tones of a blues band, somewhere upstairs.

Ann was standing by the table talking and drinking with a tall, German guy with sky blue eyes and a blonde crew cut. Holding his drink in one hand and a bottle in the other, he was refilling her glass.

Once we had refreshed ourselves at the table and rejoined our partners, Natalie walked over to us. "I'm not sure if Fay and John have mentioned it, but it is our custom to welcome new playmates to our group with an initiation. I think you will both find it erotic and exciting." 

"Well yes, John did mention it, but gave no details. I must say it sounds intriguing, I'm literally itching with curiosity", I said.

The remark wasn't lost on Natalie as she lowered her gaze to the bulge in my trousers, "Well your itching curiosity is about to be scratched, sweetie," she smiled provocatively.

With a touch of modest shyness Ann added, "Well then, will you tell us when this is to take place and just what will be expected of me, ... us?" 

Natalie studied her watch and looked at each of us earnestly, "Your initiation will commence at the stroke of midnight, which gives us just two hours to prepare you. So if you will both follow me, all will be revealed," she whispered confidentially.

Natalie led us up the staircase. I glanced down over the brass balustrade though the crystal chandelier at the elegantly sexy group below. They were all aware of our nervous excitement that in turn excited them ... perhaps in the way of a voyeur is aroused by the act of a virgin submitting to desire, and abandoning her innocence. 

On reaching the top, Natalie led us through a gallery of gilded artworks then ushered us into a large, softly lit dressing room. It was a room perhaps fifteen feet wide by thirty feet long, at the end of which a large semi-circular window overlooked the sea. Within its radius stood an ingenious, floor to ceiling, transparent shower cylinder. Potted palms surrounded it - a very friendly place to meet, I thought. 

Along one wall was a long, make up bench and a row of black leather swivel chairs. A wide archway, shaped and colored like a rainbow, led into a walk-in wardrobe of erotic costumes, cup-less bras, G's and crotchless panties, exotic jewelry, sexy shoes, toys of all description, and personal lockers.

In the privacy of these intimate surroundings, Natalie gave Ann a 'come-ons' look as she moved closer to her and began lightly circling her nipples with her fingertips. Under Natalie's touch, Ann's arousal became tangibly evident. Her breasts and nipples had visibly swollen and hardened beneath the fabric of her dress, the more exciting because no woman had ever done so, or made her feel so hot before. Her flush had spread from her face and neck to her bare shoulders. Holding Ann's gaze, Natalie spoke huskily to me, "Undress me Marius."

Her quiet command fueled my already raging fire. I stepped behind Natalie to unhook her bra. Ann could see how much I was turned on by Natalie, as I let it fall to the floor. Natalie kicked off her stilettos as I began unzipping and peeling her tight leather pants down over her firm white ass, to the parquets. 

Ann could contain her lust no longer and began to caress herself shamelessly through her dress. Natalie now stood naked before us with her legs parted, her glistening juices slickening the insides of her thighs.

Ann's eyes glazed over with wanton lust, her lids half-closed in ecstasy as Natalie continued her teasing. And then, in a voice above a whisper, "Ann, I want you to shower with me honey while I tell you about your initiation and what will be expected of you, OK?"

Ann nodded as Natalie's arms reached around to hold her hips firmly against her own, before unfastening the zip to her backless dress. Lightly as a caress, she lifted the halter neck over her head and tossed it to me.

Ann's unrestrained breasts, with their ever-ready nipples, hung firm and free and almost on top of Natalie's. Ann, in heels and stockings and filmy panties, now stood quivering in rapturous heat, but a breath away from Natalie. Stepping out of her heels, she raised her fingers to Natalie's shoulders to trace a slow devious path to her playmate's breasts and nipples. Both women kissed and embraced in a wave of mutual lust.

With a slight toss of her head, Natalie swirled her long red hair over Ann's engorged breasts before kneeling to pull down her wet and sticky lace panties and peel away her stockings. Tossing them into a basket, she smiled. "I don't think you'll be needing these honey." 

Ann now stood nude, her legs slightly parted, exposing her hot shaved cunt and the juices flowing from it. Glancing at me, she smiled at my bulging pants and tweaked her nipples at me, which only made me harder. She turned imploringly to Natalie. But Natalie only rose and said with a promising smile, "Now, let's shower sweetie and we'll all have fun while I show and tell you all that you wish to know." 

I was still awkwardly holding Ann's dress in one hand and stroking myself through my pants with the other. Natalie turned to me, "Just put it in a locker Marius, then get your gear off. Drag up a stool and you can play with yourself if you like, as you watch us shower." She flaunted and teased me by caressing herself wantonly with her long, manicured fingers. I groaned. 

I couldn't get my gear off quickly enough; it would be sheer relief to let the tiger loose. I stuffed our clothes into a locker and drew up a stool close to the transparent shower tube. My throbbing erection aimed itself at the ceiling like a long-range nuclear missile ... it felt like it had enough fucking power to reach China!

Natalie and Ann, their arms around each other, teased me through the sound proof polycarbonate. Sitting on the stool so close, watching them gel and play with each other, made me so horny that I could scarcely control myself. They caressed and flaunted their sex at me, sliding their fingers into themselves and teasing each other's cunts - I held my bursting balls in one hand and waved the big stick with the other. Then, with hands over their mouths in mock horror, they looked at each other and shook their heads in mock disapproval. 

Natalie got down and dirty between Ann's knees. Looking up at her through the warm water cascading over her face, she slowly parted Ann's waiting lips. Then holding her eyes with her own, she lightly flicked her tongue at Ann's swollen, inflamed clitoris. 

Ann's head threw back, her mouth opened in rapturous ecstasy to the steaming jets of water, as Natalie fanned the flames that were consuming all her sense of modesty or reason. She looked like a whore as she pulled Natalie's head to her streaming cunt. Natalie's tongue dove deeper, and deeper, into her burning hole as she increased the thrusting, into Ann's vagina. Natalie sucked hard on Ann's clit and ate her, as the tip of her swirling tongue swept over the hard, red nub. 

Knowing Ann as intimately as I do, I watched her whole body stiffen as her orgasm rose like an ocean wave. It swept her forward with a mighty rush, before her senses crashed in a sea of roaring foam and swirling perceptions. 

Her eyes closed and her head thrust back, as Natalie finished her off with an unrelenting tongue. Ann's come squirted into Natalie's waiting mouth. I could see but not hear her soundless caterwaul as she raised her hands to cup her breasts. I pleasured my cock flagrantly in front of these two women. I was no longer seeing Ann as my wife, but only as the luscious slut that she had just become.

Natalie, still kneeling, was watching me masturbate, she bade me join them. Hardly had I closed the shower door behind me before Natalie had my cock in her mouth, torturing me with its rapier tip. 

Palming my balls, with an extended finger pressing into my anus, she sucked with her full red lips, taking me deeper, and deeper - completely swallowing my pride. Tormented into mindless oblivion, she was driving me perilously close to the edge. "Oh no you don't honey, not just yet," she said, as she cruelly withdrew her mouth. 

Ann was masturbating herself as she watched us. Natalie turned to Ann and drove her tongue into Ann's hot cunt, lashing at her swollen clit. 

Ann moaned ... through glazed eyes and half-closed lids, she watched my hand slide up and down on my dick, like the piston of a steam train, as Natalie's tongue pushed her towards another climax. Natalie rose to cup and caress Ann's breasts, "Oh Marius, I want you in me NOW! Please FUCK me!" she shouted.

I stood behind Natalie and placed my hands on her smooth, transparent hips and slowly slid my shaft between her slickened thighs. Ann reached between Natalie's legs and guided my swollen shaft into Natalie's tight cunt, to stoke and quench her need. "Oh yes honey, FUCK me you bastard, Fuck me!" she screamed. "Fuck me, Fuck me, Fuck me!"

I raised my hands to claim those wicked tits that had taunted me so mercilessly all night, so warm, so smooth, so firm to touch. Holding her firmly by the hips, I thrust into her deeply with long, slow strokes, withdrawing my knob to her swollen labia, and sliding the tip over her fully distended clitoris. 
