 I asked her how many orgasms she had had, and she blushed. But I persisted and she said five, three the first time and two the second.

As the guys undressed, Niharika started talking. "I knew you made these guys lick me the first time itself."

I asked her "How?" 

Her reply surprised me, but not very much. She said "I knew it wasn't my imagination because I was smelling them, which turned me on even more." So I knew we had actually been caught the first time when the guys came in.. So, even more intrigued, I asked her when exactly she came to know, and she said "When one of them licked my nipple, my face was near his shoulder, and I could smell his sexy armpit odor. Then as you were rotating them around, I could tell when it was one of them, or you, when my nipples were being sucked, although I couldn't say who was Vikas or Tushar by name, I could differentiate between the two of them."

I was amazed, to say the least. She continued "After today, I will be able to tell you guys apart just by smelling you, even if I am blindfolded and you guys don't speak." I said we would check that out.

By this time the guys were naked, and sporting decent sized hard-ons. Niharika was watching them. I said "This is the first time she has seen two hard-ons at once, at which everybody burst out laughing, Since everybody was naked except me, they all chorused for me to take my clothes off. Niharika started unbuttoning my shirt, but I asked her to attend to the boys while I did it myself.

Being a typical Indian middle class woman, she was feeling a bit embarrassed, even though she was naked in front of them for so long and they had just made her come so many times. So as they moved closer to her, she shut her eyes as she took their dicks in her hands and slowly moved their foreskins up and down with her forefingers and thumbs. The guys were already leaking pre-cum, so some of it got onto her fingers. She couldn't resist bringing her fingers to her nose and smelling them, breathing in deeply as she savored the odor.

The guys were kneading her breast and pinching her nipples, which was slowly raising her level of horniness again, not that it had subsided much. Then I went behind the chair, and started licking, sucking and biting the back of her neck. which made her moan. She grabbed each guys prick with her whole hand and started masturbating them.

Since it was my young friends' first time, they couldn't last long, and they ejaculated almost together, all over her hair, face, breasts and belly. I thought Niharika would rush to the bathroom the wash herself off, but she just moaned, gave a big grin and started rubbing the semen into her skin. As she brought her hand to her nose, she commented they smelled different from me. I remarked that to really know their smell, she should jerk them off one by one. "Next time" she said, which brought big grins to the faces of my friends, since they knew this was going to happen again.

By this time her cunt had become less sensitive, so we stared 69ing on the bed. She was incredibly wet, and her juices were running up to her knees, which had never happened before. As soon as I touched her cunt with my tongue, she moaned loudly. The guys took up their positions at her sides without my instructions and started licking and sucking her breasts and nipples, which led to her moaning even more and louder, and she was shouting OOOOHHHH YOU GUYS, I AM GOING MAAAD, SUCK ME,SUCK ME DON'T STOP,SUCK ME HARDER. After some time both she and I groaned and came together. She pulled my head off her cunt, although she allowed the guys to keep sucking her nipples.

After some time, I was having a shower while these three were still engaged in their sucking and stroking. The guys were on the bed on two sides of Niharika, sucking here nipples while she was stroking their dicks which were hard again. I announced that it was 7 PM. It startled everybody as all of them had to get home.

Niharika said" I want to go home but I don't want to stop what we are doing, I am enjoying it so much. I said " OK, the three of you sit on the back seat of the car and continue, I will drive you home" Niharika hugged me and kissed me and said, this is why I love you so much, you always have an idea to solve any problem. She wore her panties, skirt, bra and shirt, the guys dressed up and we all hopped into the car, As soon as we were in the car, the guys unbuttoned Niharika's shirt and undid her bra (she always wore front open bras). She in turn unzipped their trousers and grabbed their pricks in their underpants, moaning as she did so.

She remarked that she could smell their semen on her body, which was turning her on even more.

All of them were breathing heavily. It was quite dark and the traffic on the road was light. I parked the car at the side of the road, turned around lifted Niharika's skirt, and pushed her panties to the side. I started rubbing her clit and her moans grew loader, and in a few minutes, all three of them had come together.

I let them rest for a few minutes, then told Niharika to come to the front seat with her dress as it was. She slid across Vikas and opened the door. Her shirt and bra were open, so her breasts were visible as she came out from the back door. Wanting to tease her a bit I locked the car with the central lock, so that she couldn't open the door. To my amazement, she tried the door, and fining that it was not opening, stood there with her breasts exposed. She did not even try to close her bra, forget closing the shirt.

I saw her give a little shiver, and concerned that she was feeling cold, immediately unlocked the door. She slid in, so that her skirt was raised up and her panties were visible. I asked her if she was cold, and she said no. When I asked why she shivered when she was outside, she said "Standing outside with my boobs showing was turning me on, that why I shivered." As I suspected, my newly minted slut got off on showing herself!!

I told her that if that was the case, to be prepared to do a lot of shivering for now on. This led to a lot of laughter from the back seat as Niharika buried her face in her hands.

Then we approached her house and she made herself presentable before getting out. As she got out she reminded me that I hadn't got something she could wear for her birthday. I joked that she was wearing the semen of two men, to hoots of laughter from behind. She started beating me with her fists as I promised her we would go shopping soon, but the choice of clothes would be entirely mine, to which she agreed.

We dropped her and headed home.