 The smell of fresh coffee woke me. The sun was already up and shining through the windows. It alarmed me at first; after a number of years in the military I was usually up in time to greet the sun. Following an initial jolt of anxiety, I remembered, I was home, on leave.

Billie, my sweet wife, was sitting on the foot of the bed. It was my normal routine to get up before sunrise, make coffee, take a shower, pour my coffee, sit and watch Billie sleep until she woke up. She had turned the tables; this time she was up, watching me.

She was peering at me over the lip of a cup of hot herbal tea. The tenderness in her gaze was heart warming. Lowering her cup she greeted me with an affectionate smile. Without saying a word, she held up a finger, gracefully rose and walked out of the bedroom. 

Watching the fluidity of her walk, the elegant poise of her posture and the slightly sassy sway of her bottom made me appreciate what a fortunate man I am. She was nude, her usual state of dress whenever possible. 

She returned with a cup of fresh, hot coffee for me on a tray with a toasted whole-wheat bagel and sliced fruit. Setting the tray between us she sat back down in the lotus position, one of her favorite ways of sitting. I appreciated it as well.

The faint smell of soap and shampoo washed over me. I asked, "...been up long?"

A loving smile greeted my question, and then, "Long enough to shower; wash and dry my hair... brush my teeth."

"You smell good."

"Thanks... you don't."

"Day old fish and oysters?" An on-going joke between us.

Laughing, "Yeah..."

"It's your fault..." I received a, I can't believe you said that, look. I smiled, saying, "Sweetheart, you're the one telling me about last weekend's 'end of the school year pool party' where you... shall we say...had a 'fucking' good time and got both of us horny."

My jovial repertoire resulted in rather soft and a kind of sad laugh. Billie swatted my arm saying, "Asshole... now, take a breath... hold it..." she leaned over and gave me a kiss.

Her reaction concerned me. I knew enough to wait until she wanted to talk about it.

Continuing with my jovial attitude I had started, I said, "Morning mouth?"

"Yep..." "I'll go take a shower, brush my teeth and then..." I wiggled my eyebrows.

After my shower I found Billie, once again, sitting in the lotus position on the bed. She held up a fresh cup of coffee for me. I sat with my back against the headboard admiring her.

I have often asked myself, "Why does this wonderful creature love me? An extremely intelligent woman, an honor student, physically fit, sensual and sexy, attractive... and she loved me. Why?" 

Billie moved to sit beside me. She snuggled in on my right side; she placed my right arm around her. Looking up at me she asked, "Honey... what would I do without you?"

Looking at my wife, my life mate, I said, "I... was just thinking the same about you. I was wondering, 'Why does this woman love me?' You could have any man you desired."

Billie sat up, turned and sat on her knees facing me. Oh, what a lovely sight. She took my right hand in both of hers and looked directly in my eyes. Her lower lip was between her teeth as she stared at me.

"Sweetheart, " she began, "you are the world to me. You are kind, gentle and patient... yet strong, you give me everything I need and anything I want. You encouraged me to go back to school and earn a degree in the area of my greatest interest, art.

"You accept me for who I am and you complete me. And... well... you encouraged me to... to explore my sexuality... and my fantasies and... to act on them. You don't get jealous or... act as if I'm your... property. You let me... just be me."

I reached out and placed both hands on her face, gently bringing her to me. She melted into my arms for a deep and loving kiss. When we broke from the kiss we just held each other. Her nude, warm body pressed to mine.

Her right hand drifted down across my stomach and stopped to play in my pubic hair. Tickling and tugging tenderly her fingers did a thorough exploration. They then worked their way to my nuts, gingerly feeling, investigating and playing with them.

Following her hand, Billie kissed her way down. Stopping briefly at my nipples and bellybutton, she eventually reached her goal. With her right hand still exploring my balls, she used her left hand to guide my now very turgid tool to her lips.

Resting the left cheek of her face on my abdomen, she used just her lips and tongue to kiss the head. Her left hand gently stroked my length as she mouthed me. Occasionally she would rub my erection against her face and nuzzle through the pubic hair.

Attempting to turn her into the sixty-nine position to lavish some of the same attention on her, she refused with a shake of her head and a, "Nuh huh..." she continued her task.

I slid lower in the bed to lay flat, Billie chased after her target keeping her oral contact with me. Whispering, I asked, "Wouldn't you like me to...?"

Another shake of her head and another, "Nuh huh..."

Knowing her preferences, "Don't you like having your pussy licked and fingered?"

A muffled, "Fingered... yes... Licked? Very rarely... and you know that." She went back to sucking me.

Teasingly, I asked, "Didn't you enjoy it last Saturday when one of your... partners... ate you out and tongue fucked you?"

"Nuh huh... slimy."

"Why didn't you tell him?"

I received a light little warning nip; I was going somewhere she didn't want to go, at least not at the moment. I ignored the warning... I was having fun teasing her. 

She sorta growled, "... I was busy with two other cocks at the time..." She went back to her task at hand.

Continuing with my teasing, I said, "Oh... I get it... you were being polite. You didn't want to talk with your mouth full..."

Without breaking contact, Billie swung around so she could look up at me. With my cock still in her mouth, she murmured, "... ash...ole..." then nipped me again... harder. 

Now... she had my attention. Billie sat up, saying, "I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'll take a hard cock in my pussy over a slimy tongue any day."

Trying to look contrite, I said, "I know sweetheart... but... I couldn't resist..."

Laughing now, Billie swooped down to continue her fun. Looking back up at me she said, "You know... Leigh loves oral sex... so does James."

"What about Thomas and Steve?"

"They're kinda like me... and you... it's fine for foreplay, but they'd rather fuck." She returned to her duties and swung her crotch up over my face. Her trimmed puss was slightly open begging to be finger fucked. 

With a finger slipping in and out of her snug little clam, I had her making happy sounds. Propped up on her elbows working me with her mouth and feeling her breasts grazing my abdomen made a very erotic combination.

Coming up for air, Billie said, "I... I love... being finger fucked..." Laughing, "No licking, no tongue fucking and no damned tongue slime... just... your pre-cum and my own pussy juice... it's all we need for..."

Pulling away from me she laid down pulled her legs up and beckoned me with her arms. I slid up on top of her and hit the target. Slippery from my pre-cum and her own pussy juice, I entered her with just a little effort.

Billie is tight. Between yoga and Pilates she is strong. As my cock popped through her vaginal ring, she yelped and started working her hips to take me deeper. When I was in as deep as we could get it, we settled into a slow, deep pelvic grind.

Legs spread wide, knees bent, ankles locked over my legs Billie was rocking her hips. She had her arms around me hugging me tightly to her. Soft grunts were being puffed into my ear. 

My arms were up under her back with my hands cupping the back of her head. Since I'm a foot taller than she is my chin was resting on the top of her head. We were a tight, squirming, bundle of sex.

Time appeared to stand still... Billie's climax started building first. Her head nodding in little circles, shallow gasps from her mouth, heat spreading from her loins, her orgasm came like a tide; gentle waves, followed by stronger seas until the flood was complete.

Her inner muscles were contracting and releasing as she rode her orgasm. Mine was close behind, the light perspiration, the heat, and Billie's unique sensual musk was enough for an overload. We were merged as if we were one.

We lay there nuzzling each other. Whispering our love in little unintelligible soft sounds, their meanings instantly understood. I propped myself up on my elbows so I could look in her face. She was radiant. Once again I was asking myself, "What did I do to deserve her?"

Tenderly touching each other's face, neck and stroking each other's hair we stayed like this for a while. I rolled us over so Billie was on top. She contracted her inner muscles, looked down at me and smiled.

She started slowly rocking, her bottom moving slowly back and forth. I tickled her back down to her butt and then grasped the muscular globes of her bottom. I learned, a long time ago, if you played with her butt, you'd be rewarded...

Surprising me, Billie bucked, hard! There must have been a remnant of her earlier orgasm hanging around; she went off quick and hard. Clasping me she rode me, "Damn! Oh... DAMN...! Oh...!" She exclaimed. 

Breathing hard she gasped, "W... where... the fuck... d...did that come f...from?"

I held her as she laid panting and trembling. Her head was over my shoulder, her knees were beside my hips and her feet were up over the back of my thighs. She felt small and vulnerable, I held her tight. Damn... how I loved this woman!

As usual, Billie was worried about me. As she caught her breath, she puffed, "W... what about y... you?"

"Don't worry about me, sweet pea."

"B... b... but you're s... still hard."

"Honey, I'm on leave, we have time to finish later."

"Are... are you sure?"

"I'm fine sweetheart." I pulled out of her and rolled her off me. As I went to pull her up to me...

"Wait... wait... I don't have a damned towel!"

Laughing, "Don't worry about it... it's on my side of the bed"

We snuggled up together; her head was resting on my chest. We made small talk about school, when the summer semester was going to start, where Thomas and Steve were going to work this summer and whether or not Leigh and James was now an item.

She was idly playing with my now flaccid member, flipping it back and forth and around and around. Laughing she asked, "How can this thing be so big and hard one minute and look like an oversized slug the next?" 

Laughing, I retorted, "I've heard it called a lot of things, but never an oversized slug." 

Giggling, Billie slid down and slurped it into her mouth. With her head bobbing she brought on a metamorphosis, from an oversized slug to a miniature baseball bat. She was quite proud of herself.

Billie popped my cock out of her mouth laughed, and said, "Even soft... you're bigger than Professor H. was hard."

I looked at her and asked, "Professssoorrr... who...?"

"The professor from the language department that took me out to dinner Thursday night... remember...?"

"Oh yeah... the guy you went to dinner with and then... fucked... I believe you said?"

Giggling like a teenager, Billie chortled, "Yeah... I suupppooose, you might say I fucked him... but... honey, about all he did was make a mess in my crotch. I could tell, he got it in, but that's about all! The poor bastard was trying sooo hard, too!"

"Tell me about it."

Snickering, Billie said, "I reckon it's as good as a time as any. Professor H. is a language professor in the language department. He teaches a Romantic Language course. He comes into the library quite often. For some reason he always stops to talk to me."

"Don't you usually wear one of your sundresses to work in the library?"

"...Huh... yeah... why?"

"I know why he stopped to talk to you... Most of those dresses are... rather short." 

Snickering, she answered, "Not all of them, some come down past mid-thigh. But... I may have, possibly... maybe, a time or two accidently been in a position where he saw something." Giggling, "Hell, I've probably flashed half the school by now."

"When did he ask you out?"

"Tuesday evening, at the library. I told him I'd have to ask my husband, but I didn't let him know you weren't there. I told him I'd let him know Wednesday afternoon."

"Telling him you had to ask your husband didn't scare him off?"

"... No... I... I didn't think of that... it didn't seem to concern him..."

"Do you suppose... he heard, I wasn't home much and you might put out?"

Blushing, Billie looked at me and said, "It's... it's not really... a secret I'm married and... and I fuck around... so, yeah, he's probably heard something..."

"Hmm hm... How old is he?"

"Forties. He works so hard at projecting this European continental gentleman image. It's really... kinda sad in a comical way."

"What did you decide to wear?" 

"I wore a little black dress; the one with the bodice not requiring a bra. I wore matching sandals and Mammaw's choker pearl necklace and the matching pearl earrings."

"Sounds elegant but... there's not much to that dress. It's cut so low your nipples peep out every time you take a deep breath and it barely covers your butt."

"Oh... not that one. This one was actually mid-thigh. Now the bodice... yeah... it's cut pretty low... but I could actually sit in this one. Now... if I wanted something to show... I could easily do it..." giggling, "Which I had planned on doing, and did."

"Did you wear panties?" "I didn't see any reason to wear panties... I hate them... and I was planning on letting him get a peek anyway... even though, I'm pretty sure he'd seen it before in the library."

Laughing, "Yeah... and now he's fucked it."

Billie giggled, and said, "You asshole... but you're right." Snickering she added, "He's tasted it, too."

"He ate you?"

"Yeah, remember... he was suppose to be a European continental gentleman... and reportedly, they eat pussy... I don't think he's had much practice though."

"That bad of a night huh?"

"No... not really... it was kinda nice, up to a point. Professor H. works so hard at projecting the image of an older British or European gentleman. I looked up his biography in the library; he was born and raised here. He even went to this school.

"He picked me up on time and really seemed to appreciate the way I was dressed. He told me, 'You are as lovely as I thought you would be.'"

"Nice... What was he driving?" I asked.

"It's British and long and low... a Jaguar XK something or another..."

"Sounds like an XKE. I bet he enjoyed helping you getting in and out of the car."

"Yeaah, why? OH! Yeah... I didn't think of that." Giggling again, "I wondered why he was muttering, 'Lovely... lovely... the huh, dress... the dress, it's so lovely.'"

"Oh, I'm sure it wasn't the dress he thought was lovely..."

"You know, honey, he tried his best to make sure I had a delightful evening. He took me out for a candlelight dinner. He opened doors for me, he helped me in and out of the car, and he pulled out my chair... he even found a restaurant catering to vegetarians and ordered for me."

"Was he touchy feely?" I asked, interrupting her.

"No... no, he was a gentleman... He seemed to... really appreciate me going out with him, but he appeared to be so wrapped up in the image he was trying to project. He was busy noticing, who, was noticing him."

"Probably proud to be seen with a woman like you. So the dress was to entice him?"

"Well, yeah, I did want to tease him... a little. Now, the waiter we had... he was very attentive to me. I... kinda teased him with a few subtle... accidental displays. The professor... seemed to enjoy this... he kept smiling and grinning."

"How about after dinner, did he want to go dancing or anything?" 

Billie burst our laughing, she said, "When we were finished with dinner he asked me if I'd like to come up to his place. With the 'image' he was trying to project, I wouldn't have been surprise if he'd ask me if I'd like to see his etchings!

I chuckled and said, "Oh, I knooow what he wanted..." Billie laughed, "Okay, you know-it-all... He had a second floor condo overlooking the river. It was a nice place. Very... continental."

"No etchings, huh?" 

"No..." Giggling, "he didn't... but he did ask me if I'd like a massage."

"Well... that's one way to get you naked."

"I told him a massage would be nice. He got out his oils and massage table and then hemmed and hawed before telling me I'd have to remove my clothes. He was so... nervous; I wanted to laugh so badly! If felt like I was in a Peter Seller's movie!

"I stood up and let the shoulder straps of my dress slid down my arms. My dress then slid down to the floor. All I was wearing was my wedding ring, the pearl necklace and my earrings. 

"Standing nude in front of him with nothing on but a smile, I," she laughed, "... curtsied. His face was priceless. I don't think he expected to succeed in getting me naked. Then... honey... he handed me a hangar for my dress! He even hung it up for me!

"Gentlemanly of him. Was this when you knew he was planning on trying to fuck you?"

"Oh, I knew it from the start, why else would he ask a married woman out, except hoping to get a piece of ass. I could've stopped him at anytime... but... I wanted to see where this was going to go."

Laughing, I said, "To his bed... with his cock buried in you! Where else?"

Billie was laughing as she said, "You are such an asshole... ANYWAY... I asked him to please try not to get any oil in my hair. He had me lay face down on the massage table and he started his massage. It was... pleasant, but he wasn't a professional masseur. 

"He worked my neck and shoulders and down my back spreading his warmed oil. He spent an extra, long time on my ass. He really liked spreading my cheeks and dribbling warm oil on my butthole. I was a little worried he may want to... to butt fuck me. 

"But then he worked his way up my legs to my pussy. He slavered it with extra oil and spent a long time massaging it in. Ooh, now that felt good! I... opened my legs a little more and... well... I pushed my butt up a little. Then he asked me to turn over."

"He didn't try to finger fuck you?

"Well... no... I was hoping he would... but...no, not yet."

"Not yet?"

"No... I turned over and he worked on my front. He really enjoyed massaging my boobs." Laughing, "I wondered when sucking, nibbling and tonguing nipples while squeezing boobs had become part of a massage. 

"Then, he started exploring and oiling my pubic mound. I couldn't imagined why a massage required oiling my pubic mound so... so very, very thoroughly... it did feel good, I'll say that much. He then moved to my pussy again."

"Oh... so now he gets to the finger fucking, huh?" 

Laughing, Billie said, "He did in fact slip an oily finger into my pussy and started finger fucking me. And... it was feeling, oh so damned good! Then he slipped a second finger in and started using his thumb on my tickie spot... I... was really, really enjoying it...

"I knew then, I was going to let him fuck me... But... damn it... if he didn't ask, 'would you like to make love?'! Hell's bells! I was humping his hand and fucking his fingers! Hellooo! I stopped, looked at him, and said, 'No... I can't make love to you.'

"Sweetheart, he looked devastated! He just knew he was going to get some pussy. And he was, but on my terms." I said, "'I only make love to my husband. But... I will fuck you.' This seemed to throw him. He stuttered, "Y... y...you'll f... fuck me?" 

"Being a little bitch, I shrugged my shoulders and said, 'Sure... I don't see why not.' He took me by my hand and helped me up. As he led me to his bedroom, I asked him, 'Will you, please, wipe some this oil off me?'"
