 "Hi, I'd like to give a blowjob please," Kristi said, smiling pleasantly, putting her purse down.

Kristi was a pretty woman of 28 with clear, blue eyes and bright blonde hair, which was done up in a sassy pineapple bun this afternoon. She still wore a short black skirt and sheer white blouse from work,; she had rushed over without changing. She crossed her legs and folded her hands on her lap, expectantly.

"Very good, ma'am. Would you like to blow White Meat or Dark Meat this afternoon?" the waiter asked politely, opening a tidy silver writing-pad.

Kristi was in Nikki's Blowjob Café in downtown Providence, and really wanted to give a good blowjob and maybe swallow a nice hot load. She'd had a long, boring week and the concierge at the Marriott recommended Nikki's for *really* big cocks and prompt, attentive service.

Kristi tilted her head to the side thoughtfully. "I'll suck black cock today! I haven't given a BJ to a black man for a really long time. Probably since college!" She blushed a little.

"Would you like the penis to be large, or extra-large? There is an additional charge of 15 dollars to suck an extra-large penis before happy-hour at 5...?"

"Hmmm. Ha! How big is the extra-large?" Kristi giggled. "I'll take it! I want to suck the biggest dick you've got!"

"Excellent choice, ma'am. We have a waiter who can provide just that, and he hasn't been blown yet today. You will be his first blowjob. Would you like your throat stuffed manually, or would you like to give an unassisted blowjob in which the server will just allow you to blow him at your own pace?"

Kristi browsed the menu, briefly, looking at the various blowjob options, illustrated by small pictures and descriptions...pretty models sucking well-hung men off, with various cock-styles to suck. There was a Triple Blowjob Special under "BJ Extravaganzas" where she could blow three cocks simultaneously for a significant discount if she had a Cocksucker's Card; which she did not. She wasn't looking for a group-suck-off blow-bang today, anyway. 

"I'll do all the sucking, blowing, and jacking-off, thanks. I really want to give a hands-on, slobbery bee-jay." She snapped her menu shut.

The waiter jovially picked up her menu and squared it with the others he held primly.

"Would you like to suck the penis sitting or kneeling? Today's penis will be quite large, so your comfort level when giving the BJ is important."

"I'll blow him on my knees, thanks. Better access to the ball sack," Kristi chirped, with a cute snort.

"Yes, ma'am, it's true. Very well, then! One extra-large order of Dark Meat to be sucked to completion on your knees. Anything else this afternoon? A swallow of semen perhaps, while you wait?"

Kristi thought that sounded like a smashing idea. "Yes! I would like that. I'll have one load of cum to swallow before my Dark Meat arrives, thank you."

"Certainly. One load of cum." The waiter scribbled pertly in his pad, with a small flourish. He then flipped it shut, and stood up very straight. "Your appetizer of fresh-shot cum will be right over, shortly. Enjoy! You may remove your shoes, if you like."

"Oh!" Kristi piped. "May I please have a glass of water with lemon, as well?"

"Of course." The waiter bowed, and returned momentarily with iced water.

"Enjoy giving your blowjob." 

"Thank you! I'm looking forward to it." Kristi smiled. She kicked off her shoes and enjoyed the soft, plush square of carpet that was under her table. She kneaded her toes into it slowly. 

"High-quality stuff," she noticed.

The waiter bowed and briskly walked to the front of the café, leaving Kristi free to look about the commodious dining area, sipping her water distractedly. 

A waiter sat at the table behind her, moaning steadily, as a sloppy-mouthed mother-of-two bobbed her head up and down on his generous, curved blow-staff. The blowjob she was performing was loud and full of wet "Sluuuuuuuuuurp-urp-urppp" sound effects and Kristi wondered if her husband didn't probably get the greediest, wettest blowjobs imaginable.

"That chick loves sucking her waiter's cock, she is going to pop his balls inside out with how hard she's sucking and blowing that cock-pop! You blow, girl!" thought Kristi, in a horny near-delirium. She was giggling to herself.

She noticed with amusement a very realistic, large painting off to her right of a nude raven-haired woman kneeling under a horse, sucking his penis.

"Freakin' weird! A horse getting a blowjob?!" Kristi chuckled softly to herself. She was smiling.

"Actually, I'd probably almost suck horse cock right now, I'm so raring to give a BJ! What's that like, blowing horse cock, I wonder? Do most chicks swallow when they suck out the ball-spunk from a horse? I'm not sure about giving cum-swallowing BJs to a horse, really...but, maybe I'd be talked into sucking a fat horse cock, haha! I dunno-"

She thought it was funny that the horse had such a pleasant expression on his face in the painting, being blown by a member of another species.

She could hear the steady murmur of women ordering blowjobs and requesting cum-shots and loads to swallow. The words "cock," "suck," "throat job," "bee-jay," " big penis," "blowjob" and "swallow" seemed to be mentioned continuously, all across the dining area as Kristi panned the room with her ears. It sounded like an X-rated audio reel to her. She counted at least 15 blowjobs being given, the café was filled with sucking and smacking noises, women moaning with meat in their mouths, and waiters reviewing blowjob options on the menu for new customers. One table had a couple of women, sharing both cock and balls, one sucking hungrily on the ball sack while the other fellated the server's meat. They were practically -gobbling- his cock and balls down. A chair fell over. Double-blowjobs were only 5 dollars more than one-on-one BJs were. There were at least 5 more women seated in the waiting room, waiting for their hand-held buzzers to go off, signaling it was their turn to order meat to blow, and cum to swallow. 

"There are a lot of women here to suck cock! This place is almost packed. Do they have enough cocks for this many women to suck? It's like a blowjob factory in here!"

She noticed a bubbly group of 3 young girls, probably around 18 or 19, two tables in front of her squawking noisily as their order arrived. One of them had completely undressed except for her panties.

Their waiter smiled as his fat, swollen penis flopped out of his trousers.

"Ooo, nice fat cock!" Kristi licked her lips, observing tacitly.

"I want to blow him first!" The nearly-naked girl shrieked excitedly, plopping on her knees in front of him. She stuffed her hair quickly into a funky pony-tail.

"Greedy little cocksucker, isn't she!" Kristi giggled.

"I wonder if she's any good?" She sipped her water, interested.

"Ashley you always hog all the BJs! Let me suck it for more than 5 seconds, for once!" Her indignant friend slapped her hand playfully off the waiter's scrotum, where "Ashley" was tugging heartily on his ball sack in a pre-blowjob warm-up. 

The third friend was looking up at the waiter, smiling, while her friend Ashley hungrily bobbed her head up and down on his erect meatpole, slurping contentedly.

"What a slut! She's sucks a lot of dick, definitely." Kristi was impressed with her prowess at giving blowjobs, being so young.

"Girls suck so much cock these days, I needta catch up!"

Kristi had only blown a handful of boys in her freshman year of college, usually giving a sloppy, drunken blowjob to a boy she'd met at a party or a dance club. She gave a double-blowjob once, with her friend Melissa, on a dare on graduation night to the limo driver. He couldn't believe his luck, getting a barefoot, sloppy double-blowjob from his two adorable clients, formal dresses hiked up to reveal their smooth, supple buttocks and legs. Fun stuff!

"Ma'am?" 

Kristi was startled out of her daydream. She noticed she had been getting hot and wet between her legs.

"Oh! Yes?" She looked up at the waiter who was patiently standing by her table. He picked up her wine glass.

"Would you like to swallow a load of cum, now?" He unzipped his fly and pulled out a thick, blunt penis. The balls were swollen and tight.

"Yes, please! Load it up!" Kristi leaned forward, looking intently at his straight, round cock. She was staring.

"How do these guys all have such big cocks? I could blow here every day! I probably can't suck his cock because it's just an appetizer," she thought privately.

The waiter smiled and started stroking his large penis steadily, aiming the glans of his cock towards the mouth of the wineglass.

"You have a really nice cock. How many blowjobs do you usually get a day, working here?" Kristi asked, curious.

"I usually have my penis sucked by at least 6 to 7 customers a day. I usually ejaculate 9 to 10 times a day on Friday and Saturday nights. There is a good deal of conditioning involved, to be capable of such frequent ejaculation."

"Do customers usually swallow?"

"Yes, always. Cum-swallowing blowjobs are our specialty, here. The servers are all required to drink a special, highly-concentrated fruit juice several times a day to ensure sweet, pleasant-tasting semen for our customers to swallow at the conclusion of each BJ. It's not uncommon a couple times a week to have several customers swallow 10 or more loads in one visit, combining cum-swallowing blowjobs with cum-shots."

"Awesome! I'm looking forward to your load, then." Kristi wiggled her nose at him.

"This is, of course, just an appetizer, though. Here it comes." 

The waiter tugged sternly on his cock, grunting conservatively, shooting a thick, ropey jet of semen into Kristi's wine glass. The cum pumped out in short, staccato bursts. Kristi was impressed with the amount and consistency. It was a generous load.

"Ooo! Thick cum. I wish I could have helped you coax it out!" Kristi laughed, coyly.

"Please...swallow." The waiter motioned toward her cum-filled wineglass and folded his hands behind his back, his semi-engorged cock still hanging out of his slacks, growing limp.

Kristi knocked back the whole load of cum, relishing it's salty-sweet taste as she slushed it briefly around her mouth, and swallowed with one big "Gulp!" The load was thick.

"Wow! You weren't kidding about that concentrated juice-drinking thing. That was really sweet cum. I'm going to request to swallow yours again next time."

"I'm flattered, ma'am. But all our servers' cum here tastes just as delicious. It's a regime!" The waiter chuckled.

"No wonder you get paid to get blown and shoot cum! I certainly don't mind paying to swallow your nut-butter! It's really good. Thank you."

"My pleasure. My name is Nick. Enjoy your main course, when it arrives in a few minutes."

"I am so ready to suck cock! I'm here on business from Portland and I haven't blown a guy in like 2 weeks...can you believe it?"

"You don't have blowjob bars and cafes in Portland?" The waiter looked surprised.

"No, if I want to suck dick I have to go to a club and find a guy who wants a quick BJ in the bathroom or the parking lot. It's kinda tiring because I'm busy a lot with work. I'm with the marketing team for the new energy/supplement drink called Hero's Hummer (funny, huh!) so there's lots of late meetings, recently. Plus cops don't like girls sucking dicks in parking lots and cars, so it's always, like, a fast, furtive blowjob instead of a sloppy, deep, dirty-talking blow-jay. A blowjob should really be a complete, thorough act, you know?"

"Oh, you like to talk dirty while you give a blowjob?"

"I love it. I'm a dirty-talking, dick-sucking, cum-swallowing, blowjob slut!" Kristi laughed and made a giving-a-blowjob gesture with her hand and mouth, bugging her eyes out while sucking the imaginary penis.

"We are delighted to have you here. While you're blowing your waiter, please feel free to talk as dirty as you like. He'll enjoy it, I'm sure."

The young girls who were squabbling over sucking their waiter's oversized penis were working it to near-ejaculation, now.

"I'm gonna swallow the cum this time, okay?" the slightly demure, aloof-looking girl half-demanded. She noisily popped the waiter's slick and swollen cock out of her mouth, playing with herself unashamedly with a hand down the front of her shorts. Her eye-liner was a little smudged and she had saliva all over her lips and chin; hers and her friends' spit. She had his balls cupped tightly.

"Those girls can really blow a big meat-stick! Wow!" Kristi exclaimed.

"We get lots of young girls requesting group-blowjobs here during the weekdays. I think they feel more comfortable, blowing in a group. They always fight over who swallows the ejaculate, every time. Especially on return visits, when they know what to expect. We have very good semen here."

"I can vouch for that! I'll have some more!" Kristi clapped playfully. She watched the young girls help their friend jerk out a sizeable load onto her expectant tongue. She could hear the girl moaning softly as milky cum shot into her wide-open mouth.

"Your server will be right out with your order of extra-large Dark Meat." Her waiter seemed to suddenly realize he'd been making small-talk for 2 or 3 minutes now, and had other customers waiting. He zipped back up and re-tucked his shirt, checking his cuff-links.

"I'll be getting back to my other two tables, it was a pleasure talking with you, ma'am. Have a great afternoon." He adjusted his bow-tie.

"Oh, yeah! Other girls wanna suck your cock! Places to go, mouths to cum in...thanks! Bye!" Kristi took a deep breath and sat up straight. 

Her waiter whisked away, to a table across the café on the other side, where a business woman who looked to be in her late-30's was just getting on her knees, unbuttoning her blouse. She had a small white sign at her table that said "Throat Job" - Kristi assumed she wanted to give a balls-deep blowjob.

"Good luck swallowing that sword!" Kristi thought. Waiter Nick's cock was uber-thick.

It had just barely been 10 minutes since she placed her blowjob order, but she felt like it was taking forever (!!)

"I wish I had my own dick, Kristi giggled to herself. I'd just stay home and suck it all day. Do guys do that a lot? Suck their own cocks? I'll bet these guys who work here could. They are all hung like farm animals. They could blow themselves completely dry without even doing warm-up stretches if they wanted."

Kristi could taste a remnant of the salty-sweet load she'd just swallowed on her lower lip.

"That was like the best cum I've ever swallowed...I think. Freakin' good, wow. Portland needs BJ bars...what a fuckin' rip-off we don't have any!"

She glanced impatiently around the café again, the young girls had sucked their penis dry twice, it appeared, and were gathering their book bags and phones up.

"Ashley, how do you suck cock all the way down to the balls like that? You give really freaky deep-throat blowjobs. You gotta teach me!" The short-haired blonde one demanded, checking her face for cum and spit in her compact.

"For my birthday this year, my mom had her boyfriend, who's like a professional blowjob instructor at RIT, teach me how to properly suck cock, give throat jobs, swallow...everything. We practiced about two hours a day for a couple weeks. I got to do some serious dick-sucking and it paid off, big time! Sooo dope."

"Your mom got you a professional BJ instructor? Why didn't you tell us?! I sooo want to have him teach me to suck cock correctly! I'm going to ask for one for graduation. Maybe we could have a BJ Party! You said your dad has a big dick. Does your mom let your dad get his dick sucked by your friends? Would he want a blowjob?" The cute blonde girl flipped her hair, pouting.

"I don't like to advertise that I was, like, formerly trained to give blowjobs. But if you want, I can get Brian's number from my mom. He's an amazing dick-sucking instructor. I am totally a BJ Queen now, because of all the cock-sucking lessons. *So* worth it. Like, I just blow my Business/Marketing teacher now, so I don't have to do homework or take tests, or anything. He's like, obsessed with getting his dick sucked. I suck cock for A's in school, ha!"

"You are such a BJ slut! Whore!" The girls all tittered loudly, chipping in for the tip, in cash.

"I didn't even know there were blowjob instructors on the East Coast, Kristi thought bemusedly. Lucky chicks. Get to suck dick instead of baby-sitting. That's the way to spend college, right there. Blowing meat and swallowing loads."

Kristi heard the customer behind her, who had just presently arrived, place her order. She was a girl of about 19/20 or so, who looked like another student taking a study break, possibly. She was a taller girl, with good posture and healthy skin.

"I'd just like a big ball sack to suck on. Do you have a server who likes his balls sucked, relatively hard? I'd like to give a ball-sucking blowjob."

"Mmmm, a big ball sack to suck. That sounds really good right now," Kristi mused.

Another woman who was within ear-shot asked for a server who would urinate in her mouth, so she could swallow it before performing a deep-throat blowjob on him. 

"I hadn't thought of that! Swallowing piss...then blowing cock and swallowing cum. Yay!" 

Kristi felt a tingle between her legs, and shifted in her chair. She averted her attention to a nifty sculpture at the portico of the café, where two customers who hadn't spoken to the host at the booth yet were ogling the sculpture's over-sized donkey-cock, One got down on her knees, sat on her butt, and wrapped both hands around the ceramic cock.

"I've never sucked a cock this big before, have you?" She asked her friend with wonder, who's hand was over her mouth in astonishment at the possibility that such a large appendage could actually be procured and sucked inside the café.

"It says on this plaque that there are at least two servers at all times in this BJ café who have a penis that large. Let's get one of those! I want to blow, like, a King-Kong sized cock this afternoon, it's only like 10 or 15 dollars more expensive!" She plunged her hand in her purse, distracted, to answer her cell phone as her friend continued to stroke the ceramic cock, wide-eyed in consideration of such a mouth-watering blowjob. The woman on the phone chatted to the caller eagerly about "The big dick we're going to suck at Nikki's."

"Miss? Your order is ready."

Kristi snapped out of he eavesdropping and looked up, delighted.

"Hi! Am I going to be blowing you?" Her eyes sparkled expectantly.

"Yes ma'am! One extra-large serving of Dark Meat, sucked to completion and balls drained in-mouth, as you requested." The waiter straightened his bow-tie. He was a fit, handsome black man of medium height, with a trim goatee and one diamond earring. He wore black slacks and a grey shirt, all the buttons in a straight row. His teeth were a smiling white. He had his hands folded behind his back, and he cleared his throat.

"You may begin the blowjob whenever you're ready!" He winked at her and nodded towards to pillow he had placed on her table.

"You have no idea how much I've been craving a big black cock-sucking for the last couple weeks. I'm going to suck your dick completely dry, if you don't mind!" Kristi laughed as she dropped the pillow on the floor and slipped off her blouse, hiking her skirt up to just over the bottom swell of her buttocks. She got down on her knees and flipped back her hair, looking up.

"So, this is your first blowjob today?" Kristi squeezed the enormous lump in his pants, licking her lips.

"Whoa, this cock is fat and long. I am in for a throat-stuffing, definitely. Super BJ...away!" She thought, feeling a zing of adrenaline. Kristi was comically excited with herself, and with her blow-toy she had chosen.
