 I never knew what my friends had in store for me my bachelorette party. If I would have known ahead of time I would have called the whole thing off. Fortunately for me, I didn't. It was supposed to be just us girls sitting around my house getting drunk and talking about men. I had NO idea that they had invited a bunch of men to join us. 

The first men to arrive were two black males about 30 years old. I was shocked to see black men since as far as I knew, none of my girlfriends even knew a black man. I gave a quick glance at one of my girlfriends who just smiled coyly and introduced me to Little Jay and Raymond.

"So this is the married woman?" Little Jay said to me.

"Not married yet," Tina clearly reminded him which did little to put me at ease. Little Jay was a very attractive man, but a black man? I'd never even thought of being with a black man. Surely my friends didn't have something planned like that, I thought.

Around a half hour later another 5 black men arrived, now outnumbering me and my 4 girlfriends, who coincidentally were all married already.

The men all seemed nice enough: Mo Mo, Deuce, Rodman, Slick and B.B. were there names. It was almost comical hearing them introduce themselves. Where did these black guys come up with their names?

Amy sat on the couch between Mo Mo and Deuce, Tina was real friendly with Raymond and sat in his lap in our lounge chair. I never knew Tina liked black men. I wondered what her husband would think if he saw her now. Slick, B.B., and Little Jay sat on separate chairs with Sarah, Becky and I around the table as we all sipped on drinks and made casual conversation.

I guess I started growing accustom to everyone being here and we all started having a good time, laughing and telling jokes of all sorts, even black jokes. Sarah had suggested we all play cards so four of us divided into pairs to play hearts while the rest of them sat in the living room and listened to music.

Little Jay wanted to be my partner so I said why not. Sarah and B.B. paired up against us and we started to play.

Things were going great for about an hour until Sarah said, "I know, let's play strip poker!"

"OH NO!" I protested immediately though it was clear from the very second I said it that I was outnumbered by everyone.

"Yes!" Tina said and when I turned to argue with her I was shocked to see her legs over the edge of the chair and Raymond's hand between them. Raymond's long black fingers were inside Tina's white panties and clearly his finger was inside her as she wiggled around in his lap. "Oh that tickles," Tina said to Raymond as she suddenly forgot about me again.

"Do it," Becky said. "Chicken!"

"I'm up for it," Little Jay said as he winked at me. "Come on, it'll be fun."

B.B., Slick, Mo Mo, Deuce, and Rodman all agreed.

"Sure," I said. "Are you guys going to play too?"

"I will if you will," Amy agreed.

"Same here," Becky added.

It was unanimous. I was the only one who didn't want to play. To hell with the fact that it was my party, I knew I wasn't going to get out of this one. I reluctantly agreed and everyone came to the table except Raymond and Tina who were still playing with each other in the chair, and Amy and her two men Mo Mo and Deuce.

"We'll play from over here," they all agreed. "There's not enough room at the table anyway.

Even though they were right I didn't feel very comfortable as we started playing.

Mo Mo and Little Jay were the first to lose clothes and quickly opted to remove their shirts. I hadn't realized it until now but these black men were very athletic looking and their dark hard bodies were very attractive, even to me.

With only a few more hands Amy had lost her top and was sitting in her bra between two black men, one of which was sitting in only his underwear and the other had on a pair of pants. My eyes caught Mo Mo's crotch immediately. I noticed that not only was he hard, but he was big! His long hard cock was visible to everyone in the room and nobody seemed to say a word about it other than to laugh at their misfortune.

Becky had lost her top too and her pants and was sitting in only her bra and panties. Sarah and I had not lost any clothes. Meanwhile, A couple other men had lost shirts but nothing else.

As Sarah dealt the cards out for another hand I noticed Amy putting her hand on Mo Mo's hard cock as she started rubbing it through his underwear.

Mo Mo reciprocated by grabbing her big breasts and playing with them through her bra. Deuce leaned over and slid his hand between Amy's leg and started to rub her pussy through her panties as she spread her legs to let him.

Obviously Sarah elected not to deal cards to my busy friend and her men and I was shocked to see Amy pull Mo Mo's underwear down over his hard cock and take it in her little white fist. I was even more shocked to see my friend bend over and take the big black sucker in her mouth.

"It's good to see the party get started," Tina said as Raymond pulled her panties off and started kissing him as he held her in his arms.

Deuce was pulling off Amy's panties now too as he got on his knees on the floor between her legs.

Next thing I know Becky pulls down her panties and unsnaps her bra while Rodman strips all his clothes off to join her. Sarah drops the cards and walks over to B.B. who promptly starts unbuttoning her blouse.

"Come one Britt," Sarah said with a smile. "You and Little Jay should get to know each other better."

Little Jay just looked at me and said, "you don't have to do anything you don't want to."

"Oh yes!" I heard Amy squeal as I noticed that Deuce had gotten her on her hands and knees on the couch and started pushing his big black cock into her pussy while she sucked Mo Mo's long black shaft.

"Do you want me?" I asked Little Jay as Tina now started moaning behind me.

"Yes," he said ignoring everyone else, "but only if you really want me."

I looked back at Tina and saw only her back side as a huge black cock was stuffed all the way up her blonde snatch. She slowly rode the monster inside her and moaned loudly each time she sat back down on it.

I stared transfixed at how beautiful it looked seeing a huge black cock inside my friends tight blonde pussy.

"It looks like everyone's having fun but us," I said still watching Tina work her tight ass up and down Raymond's thick pole in the chair.

From the couch the grunts and groans were getting much louder and I could now hear Deuces thighs slapping my friends taut ass as he fucked her harder and harder.

"Make me cum!" Amy screamed. "MAKE ME CUM!!!"

"Ok," I said now extremely horny after watching my white girlfriends getting fucked by big black studs. "I'm convinced."

Little Jay came across the Table and stood beside me as I watched Amy reach her first orgasm of the night. 

"OH GOD YES!" she screamed. "I'm cumming!!!! UH!!! UH!!!"

Like an eager slut Amy pulled away from Deuce and climbed up in Mo Mo's lap.

"You're turn you big black fucker," she said as she pulled down her bra and shoved her big creamy white tits in his black face.

Amy wasted no time grabbing Mo Mo's cock and putting it right back in her sloppy brown pussy.

Deuce got up on the back of the couch and shoved his shiny black shaft in Amy's face.

Just then I huge black cock appeared right in front of my face. I hadn't even noticed Little Jay take his pants off but suddenly his cock was in my face and little was the LAST thing you could say about it.

As horny as I was I grabbed his fat black cock and shoved it in my mouth as deeply as possible.

"Ya, suck it," he said as he curled his fingers into my thick red hair and pushed my head up and down his cock shaft.

In the cornor I could see B.B. laying on the floor as my friend Sarah sucked his large black cock in the nude.

All around me I could hear my girlfriends moaning and groaning as they sucked and fucked these black studs which turned me on more than anything I had ever imagined.

"CUM ON MY ASS!" I heard Tina shout behind me. "OOOHHH YA!! CUM ALL OVER ME!!!"

"My turn!" I heard Deuce say and I stopped sucking Little Jay to turn and watch Deuce shoot his hot white cum all over my friends face as she still fucked Mo Mo.

Amy held her mouth wide open as Deuce jerked his load onto her tongue.

"Oh God," I moaned quietly as I watched Deuces cum run down Amy's neck and onto her tits as she fucked Mo Mo even harder trying to get him to cum too.

In seconds Mo Mo jerked and pulled his cock out of Amy's hot pussy. I saw his beautiful cum shoot up her back and all over her pretty little ass.

"Ooo," Amy cooed.

"Ya!" Mo Mo grunted as he pumped his cock with his fist and drained himself on my friends ass.

"CUM ON ME!" I heard Becky order and I turned around to see my friend laying on her back and a black cock between her legs squirting cum all over her tits and stomach.

"Oh, oh OOOHHH!!" I heard B.B. shout as he obviously was cumming in Sarah's mouth as she jerked his black cock in her white fist.

Suddenly Little Jay and I were the only two left who hadn't orgasmed at all.

"Suck it," Tina said to me. "Go on, suck his big black cock."

"Ya, do it Britt," Amy said as she sat on the couch with her two black lovers sucking her nipples.

"I felt a little bit like I was on stage but I put Little Jay's fat black cock in my mouth and began sucking him off again.

As I sucked harder and faster, Little Jay groaned and pulled my hair which only turned me on more. I had to have his cum in my mouth. I wanted to taste his salty thick load so bad!

It seemed all the guys were encouraging Little Jay to cum in my mouth, saying things like, "Give it to the bitch," and "make her eat it!"

All the encouraging paid off, or at least my head job did because suddenly his cum exploded in my mouth. Little Jay growled and jerked his hips up into my face as I swallowed his cum as fast as I could. Jay was cumming far to much for me to take it all and when his thick load seeped out and ran down my chin all the men cheered.

By the time I finished sucking all the cum out of this black stud as I could most of my girlfriends were dressed but none of the men were.

"What's going on?" I asked as my girlfriends gathered up their stuff to leave.

"It's about time we leave," Tina said. "It's YOUR party."

"WHAT?" I asked shocked. Surely they weren't leaving me alone with all these black men.

"Have a good time," Becky said as she opened my front door and walked out.

"I wish I were you now," Amy said as she followed Becky out. "Have fun!"

Next Sarah left and finally Tina.

"Don't worry," Tina said. "These guys are really nice. They'll leave whenever you want them to."

With that Tina closed the door and I found myself in a room full of 7 naked black men all staring at me hungrily.

"Uh guys," I said nervously. "I don't know if I can do this."

Mo Mo was the first to aproach me and stick his hard cock in my face.

"Just give it a little suck," He said pushing his cock against my lips.

Instinctively I opened my mouth and let him push his cock between my hot lips.

"Do you taste your girlfriends pussy on my cock?" Mo Mo asked as he watched me suck him more eagerly now.

I nodded my head that I did and it made me horny thinking how I was tasting Amy's cum on this man's cock.

"The first thing we have to do," one of them said. "Is get this bitch out of her clothes."

Suddenly two or three men were all groping my hot body and undoing my blouse and pants.

I knew that if I took my mouth off Mo Mo's prick I would say no so I reached up and grabbed his tight black ass and shoved his cock further down my throat. I had to keep my mouth full or I'd probably chicken out.

"Ya this bitch wants it," Mo Mo said as my clothes came peeling off now.

Suddenly I felt strong black hands pulling down my panties and unsnapping my bra. I was so nervous I started to hyperventilate.

Raymond was getting me on my hands and knees and squeezing my tight ass. I was so afraid of what was going to happen next but I just kept sucking Mo Mo's cock and was surprised to feel Raymond's hot tongue lick my asshole.

It felt so good having someone lick my ass like that that I just started moaning real loud which got all of the guys going. Next thing I knew all the men were on their knees with me in a circle. I could feel hands all over my big tits and tight ass and big black cocks slapped against my back and thighs.

I imagined what I looked like right now. I white red headed whore surrounded by 7 hung black studs, ready to suck and fuck every one of them.

I made a promise to myself that I was going to fuck every one of these guys tonight. I was going to have seven thick black cocks inside me before I was done.

The first stud to mount me was Raymond. I felt him getting in position behind me and spreading my red pussy with his long black fingers. I decided to suck Deuces cock now and took the opportunity while I switched men to talk to Raymond behind me.

"Fuck me Raymond," I said. "Fuck that big black cock up my pussy!"

"Oh ya," Raymond moaned as he began working his huge monster inside my extremely tight pussy. I knew all this fucking was going to stretch me out before my wedding night but I didn't care. It only turned me on more to think these studs were going to fuck me till I was sloppy loose.

"OH YA!" Raymond barked as I shoved another cock in my mouth. "You tight bitch!"

"Hey save some of that for me," one of the men shouted.

"Fuck that," Raymond grunted. "I'm gonna wreck this pussy!"

"God that feels so good!" I screamed between sucking several different men. "FUCK ME!"

Raymond was pounding my little pussy now making my ass slap against him with each thrust.

"Ooooo ya," I grunted as he fucked me. "Make me cum now. Make me cum."

I thought about the men all wanting a turn inside of me and I started cumming.

"OH GOD!" I screamed. "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING ON YOUR BIG BLACK COCK!"

"GOD DAMN!" Raymond shouted as he pulled out of my dripping pussy and spurted his cum up my back.

"OH YES!!!" I screamed.

"Cum on the bitch!" Deuce shouted. "YA! YA!"

"Oh ya you fucking nigger," I said "Why don't you try and make me cum."

I wasn't sure how that was going to go over but I couldn't help myself. Luckily all the guys laughed.

"Ya nigger," Mo Mo said. "Fuck the white bitch!"

Before I knew it several black men were smearing Raymond's cum al over my back and down around my big tits as Deuce mounted me from behind and shoved his hard cock inside me.

"GOD DAMN this bitch has a nice pussy!" Deuce groaned.

"Fuck it!" I shouted. "Fuck me with your nigger cock!"

Deuce began ramming his cock up my pussy with as much force as he could which instantly sent me over to another orgasm.

"YES!!! MAKE ME CUM!!!! YES!!!" I screamed.

Just then Deuce pulled out of my pussy and shot his load all over my ass just like Raymond, making sure to squirt a liberal amount between my ass.

Two down, five to go I thought.

I had been sucking Mo Mo's cock for quite some time and new he was close so I chose him next. Quickly I rolled over and laid on my back as the men kept pawing at my big tits.

"Come on Mo Mo baby," I said. "Fuck that big black cock up my pussy."

Mo's cock was inside me in a flash and he began pumping away while B.B. pushed his cock in my mouth and the other's fondled my tits.

In only a few strokes Mo Mo was ready and he pulled out of me to squirt his hot cum up my stomach and onto my tits.

"Ya Mo Mo," I purred. "Cum all over me!"

Mo Mo finished by dribbling cum all over my red hared pussy and then climbed off.

"This is bitch is mine," Rodman groaned as he climbed on top of me next and forced his big cock up inside me.

"I'm gonna make you cum so hard bitch," Rodman said as he leaned over me and began fucking me hard with his big shaft.

"DO IT!" I ordered him. "Try and make me cum!"

Rodman grabbed my thighs and lifted my ass off the ground and he pounded my still tight pussy.

I could feel his big balls slapping my sticky ass and I could feel myself wanting to cum bad.

"Ok you son of a bitch," I shouted. "You're gonna make me cum! Does it make you feel good knowing you can make a hot white bitch cum?"

"Ya," Rodman grunted as he fucked me harder to make me scream.

"JESUS!!" I screamed. "YES!!! FUCK ME!!!"

"OH SHIT!" Rodman shouted. "Eat this!"

Quickly Rodman pulled out of me and knocked his buddies away so he could get his cock in my face. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth wide as his cum shot across my face and into my hair. Rodman took great pleasure in coating my red hair with his thick jizz before finally squirting the last little bit into my mouth where I wanted it.

"Next time one of you fuckers want's to cum on my face, let me eat it ok?" I said sarcastically.

"I'll put it in your mouth," B.B. said.

"Great," I said. "Then get on top of me and let me fuck that beautiful cum out of your hard black cock and you can put it in my mouth where it belongs."

B.B. wasn't inside me more than a couple minutes and he was ready to blast off.

"Come up here baby," I said as he quickly scooted up my body and pointed his cock at my open mouth.

Thick cum shot out of the young studs cock and right into my mouth. Eagerly I swallowed as he pumped his cock in his fist to squirt it all in my mouth.

"Ooo it tastes so good having a nigger cum in my mouth like that," I smiled as he finished.

I looked around to see only two of the studs left, Slick and Little Jay. I was saving Little Jay for last.

Slick had the smallest of the studs dicks so I figured I would offer him a special treat.

"How would you like to fuck me up the ass Slick?" I asked.

I could tell by the way his face lit up that it was a yes.

"Hey, I wanted to do that," one of the men complained.

"You all had your turns," I said snottily. "Now just watch".

Sexily I got up on my hands and knees and bent over the couch to offer Slick my ass.

I watched my black lover position himself behind me and prepared myself for the assault.

Suddenly I felt his big black prick pushing up my hot tight butt.

"OH GOD!" I moaned loudly as he worked his cock in and out pushing it further each time. "I never thought I'd have a big nigger fucking me up the ass!"

"It's so tight it feels like your ripping my dick off," Slick barked.

"Just a few pumps baby," I said. "I'll squeeze the cum out of you."

Slick grabbed my hips and I admired the way his black skin looked on my white thighs as he pushed his cock up my ass all the way and slowly started fucking me.

"I love your hard cock in my ass!" I shouted. "OH FUCK ME!"

I loved the feel of his big black cock stretching my butthole and in a few strokes he was ready to cum.

"Oh shit," Slick said as he pulled his cock out of me and squirted thick cum right into my gaping asshole. I could feel his hot cum running down my pussy and I looked between my legs to see it dripping off my read bush.

"You men have all done a great job," I purred as I turned around now and faced Little Jay.

"And now," I said as I got up and walked over to Jay who was sitting in the chair. "I want your cum inside me."

"Holy shit!" One of the other men said. "You on the pill or something?"

"Nope," I said as I slowly crawled up on top of Little Jay and took his cock in my hand.

"But you could get pregnant," another man said.

"Yep," I said as I slowly put Little Jay's big black cock against my well fucked pussy and began sitting down on it.

"I hope you don't mind the other guys cum on me," I said softly.

"OH SHIT," Little Jay groaned as he grabbed my slippery ass. "No, it don't bother me."

Slowly I fucked my pussy up and down Jay's thick black cock making sure to let the other men see it.
