 There was a knock at the door on Sunday morning; we were expecting Donna and her husband Mike. It was a little strange, as they had called on Saturday night just as we finished talking about their troubled marriage. They had something to discuss with us.

Billie jumped up telling me, "I'll get it... you'll just scare the hell out of Mike." She pushed by me and opened the door. She hugged Donna, then Mike, "Come on in."

"Donna," I exclaimed, as they came through the door, "it's good to see you! Mike, it's nice to finally meet you."

I hugged Donna and shook Mike's hands. His already pale complexion turned a kind of pasty gray. I knew who he was as Billie had pointed him out to me while we were on campus one day. I don't think he'd ever seen me.

Not a bad looking young man, he was about five feet ten inches tall and weighed around one hundred sixty pounds, he had longish dark hair and dark eyes. He didn't appear to be in bad physical condition but it was obvious he worked in an office environment. 

At the time, I was six feet three inches tall, one hundred eighty-eight pounds. My hair was black with a 'high and tight' military haircut, a widow's peak, a high forehead and brown eyes. Add thin lips, a broken nose, a lupine grin, a dark tan and a military bearing.

My military specialty required us to stay in top physical condition. I didn't carry any fat. My hands were scarred and work hardened from my job. Lanky or rangy with well-defined ropey muscles described my physique.

Donna was an attractive lady. About five feet fives inches tall and weighing about one hundred twenty-five pounds. Her figure was well proportioned. She had brown hair and hazel eyes. She was wearing a pair of denim shorts and a light blue short-sleeved blouse,

Mike, Donna and Billie sat on the sofa and I sat on a kitchen stool. Donna hesitantly attempted to start the conversation, "Well... huh... we wanted to ask y'all... would the two of you consider... well... swapping with us?"

Billie first looked at me, then the two of them and said, "Swapping? Have... have the two of you worked out your problems? "

They looked at each other and blushed. Donna said, "We... we thought we'd give an open marriage a try... and... well, we thought if we swapped with y'all..."

A rather long and awkward silence followed. I decided to open the can of worms of Donnas' affair and get the conversation rolling.

"Okay." I said, "We know Donna fucked the drummer of the band she sings in and felt bad about her affair. She asked Billie if she would fuck Mike to make amends... Mike, Billie told me how you and she had oral sex and then fucked. Do I have this right?"

With this out in the open, everyone should have been ready to talk. Maybe Mike's ghastly grayish white coloration was natural. The slight shake in Donnas' hands might be work related. Then again... I'd probably just stomped on an emotional dog turd... 

Finally, Mike looked at us and said, "Yeah... she fucked the drummer all right... several times... and... I'm... I'm pretty sure... she's fucked everyone else in the band, too."

Blushing furiously Donna whirled around, looked at Mike and stammered, "You... you know about th... that?"

"I figured it out," he said, "you kinda told me..."

"Wh... what?"

"You came home late one night after a gig and it was pretty obvious you'd had sex... I told you, 'If our parents found out you're cheating we'll never hear the end of it.' You then told me, 'the folks won't find out. The boys only fuck me during out of town gigs.'"

"Oh... I... I... remember saying that... how stupid of me..." mumbled Donna. 

Billie and I looked at each other, Billie picked up the conversation, "Guys, we think the two of you have some serious... very serious issues to be addressed before you get involved in an open marriage... or swapping. It's not for everyone."

I picked up, "Donna, you're an attractive woman I'd love to take you to bed and since Billie's already fucked you Mike, I don't think she'd mind doing it again... but y'all have some trust issues. Do y'all really know what you want?"

Looking at each of them Billie then asked, "If we decided to swap partners, would you want to do it in separate rooms or in the same bed... watching each other?"

Donna and Mike answered at the same time, "Separate bedrooms together in the same bed..." They looked at each other; Donna spoke first, "We... we need to... really have a serious discussion... with each other." Mike slowly and silently nodded his head.

They thanked us for being frank with them and left. Billie put her arms around me and pressed her forehead to mine, saying, "You are such an asshole sometimes."

"Huh?"

"You can be so... intimidating, you scare the crap out of people sometimes."

"Like who?"

"Everybody... Thomas and Steve... well they've gotten to know you, but you still scare them. And poor James! He's nicknamed you the barbarian and now Mike... I thought he was going to shit a brick..."

"What about Leigh?"

"Leigh...? No, she's not scared of you... as a matter of fact she has a crush on you... and Donna... well, she asked me several times if she could have sex with you, so she's not afraid of you." Laughing Billie added, "None of the girls are afraid of you."

Grinning, I said, "So it's only the guys who are fucking or have fucked my wife that have a problem with me... right?" 

Billie laughed, gave a little hop and wrapped her legs around my waist. She kissed me and said, "Yeah... you're right, the guys fucking me are the ones scared of you."

Whispering softly in my ear, Billie asked, "Would my scary barbarian like a piece of ass?" 

Pressing my forehead against hers, I growled, "Yeah... I would. Where's Leigh?"

Billie then discovered smacking me in the back of the head while our foreheads were pressed together was not smart. Rubbing her forehead she dropped back down to the floor and laughed.

Laughing with her, I growled, "Barbarian wants pussy... now!"

Shirking, squealing and laughing Billie ran out the front door with me after her. She was wearing one of my old worn tee shirts, which in the sunlight didn't hide very much. She ran around our cars and dodged back and forth between them with me close behind.

Putting on a burst of speed, Billie ran back to the apartment and disappeared inside. Damn that girl could run! As I came through the door I was hit in the face by her discarded tee shirt. It was still warm and smelled of her. She ran into the bedroom.

Coming through the bedroom door I was greeted with a wonderful and beautiful sight. Billie was on the bed on all fours, her rear end toward me. She was looking over her shoulder with a warm inviting smile.

I stopped and skinned off the running shorts I had put on earlier. Billie arched her back pushing her bottom upward and spread her knees as far as she could. She placed her head on the sheets still looking back at me. She was submitting herself to me

Coming up behind her I ran my fingertips down her spine to her damp parts. Using my thumbs I spread her open. Billie shivered and wiggled letting me know she approved of my explorations.

Her moist, fragrant scent was enticing. Using just the tip of my tongue I traced her cleft ending with her clitoris. Billie rarely enjoys cunnilingus; this time, however, she was totally surrendering to me; she was mine... for me to take... to do, as I pleased.

Employing my fingers with my tongue I had her withering and making soft mewling noises. When I was satisfied with how well lubricated she was, I crawled up by her head. Taking both of her hands in one of mine I grabbed a handful of her hair with the other.

Using her hair to lift her head I brushed my cock against her lips. Looking up at me she sucked me in. Billie has a mild subservient streak she enjoys giving into occasionally; she was giving in. She also had total trust in me, knowing I wouldn't hurt her. 

Controlling her by her hair, I fucked her face. When I was satisfied she had spread my pre-cum over my cockhead I moved behind her and fucked it into her pussy. As I penetrated her she let out a low humph and started really pushing back against me.

Looking down on her sassy little ass as she arched her back, bucking hard and then clamping down as I drew back was a marvelous sight. Watching her finely shaped rear end and the muscles in her tanned back as she worked me was almost too much.

Billie's forehead was pressed into the mattress with her neck slightly arched. Her arms were shoved forward and her hands were clutching the sheet, pulling and pushing her body. A film of perspiration dampened her back. Her mewls were now low grunts.

I pulled back and out. Billie's head whipped around with a long, "Noooo... don't take it out...!"

Grabbing her ankles I flipped her over. Billie back peddled up the bed, I chased after her. Stopping with her head on the pillow Billie spread her legs and brought her knees up. I crawled between them and found her wet open target.

Pulling me in Billie started working her hips in a slow, brazen rock and roll. With her hands pushing up against my chest and her legs wrapped over my legs she looked up into my eyes, "Do you know how much I love you?" She softy asked.

Using my forearms to hold myself up off her, I leaned down and kissed, my Billie. Breaking my kiss I looked at her and whispered, "I know, I love you more." 

Not to be out done, Billie tenderly kissed me and then said, "I reckon I'll just have to show you I love you even more!" She pulled me down on her. Her hands slid up to the back of my head pulling it down by her ear.

I slid my hands under her shoulders and cupped her neck and head. I thrust up into her making her groan and work her pelvis against mine. There was no pounding. Using deep, small thrusts I worked her. The base of my cock was pressing against her clit.

Billie loves to be made love to like this, deep, penetrating and slow. It was intense. Her orgasm built slowly, it hit her in undulating waves. She grasped me with her whole being, this took me over the top; I lost it, growling in her ear, I pumped her... deep.

We held each other for an undetermined amount of time. Sometimes I feel as if I can't hold her long enough. I softened and slipped out of her. Billie giggled, "My barbarian really did me right."

Rolling off of her I pulled the little nymph to me. We cuddled. Her head was resting on my chest. I kissed the top of her head and asked, "What's the plan for the rest of the day?"

"Nothing in particular."

"Do you have to work tomorrow?"

"No... as a matter of fact... I'm off all next week. I worked thirty hours last week, but was only scheduled for twenty, so Donna carried the ten hours over to this week. Since we are on a semester break I can only work ten hours a week anyway."

"Let's get up early tomorrow go to the beach, do a run and a work out. What say?"

An enthusiastic, "Yes!" Burst out of Billie, she then said, "Now, I'm scheduled to model for James on Tuesday from 10:00 AM until 12:00PM, will that mess up any of your plans?"

"Naw, just have Leigh come over to keep me company."

Billie laughed, swatted my arm and followed up by murmuring, "Asshole..."

We spent the rest of the day doing household chores and preparing for going to the beach the next morning. I had some State Forestry maps and USGS topographical maps of the region. I located what should be a road on the backside of one of the barrier islands.

The road wasn't too far from the beach access point. Instead of following the beach it followed one of the numerous tidal creeks flowing into the Intracoastal Waterway. Hopefully it would take us to the end of the island that otherwise was inaccessible.

Early Monday morning we departed for the beach. We found the road, more of a trail and followed it to the very end of the island. However, as much as we hoped to have it to ourselves, there were a number of people there fishing with their families.

We found a spot and decided to do our exercise first. Billie impressed the shit out of me. She was able to match me exercise for exercise. Our run consisted of an hour in loose sand, sand dunes and packed sand. I was so proud of her! Talking about physically fit!

After our exercise we washed off in the surf, spread out an old quilt and lathered each other in coconut tanning oil. Billie's bikini was barely legal. We had hoped to nude sunbath, but with families around it would have been inappropriate to do so.

About three o'clock in the afternoon we headed home. After we arrived at home and had unloaded the vehicle I turned to find Billie looking at me. She projected a look of innocence.

Her lower lip was between her teeth, her right foot was turned slightly inward, and her big brown eyes were looking up at me. As my gaze traversed her I noticed her nipples were pushing outward, one had escaped her bikini top and was peeking out at me.

I stepped up to her and put my hands on her hips. Her hands went behind my head and pulled me to her for a kiss. The smell of sunshine, salt, beach sand and coconut oil assailed my senses. The smell was an aphrodisiac to both of us.

Billie's hands found the waistband of my running shorts. As the fingers of one hand traced around the elastic the other wormed its way down the front. She wrapped her hand around my erection and started to affectionately tug on it.

I caressed her back with one hand down to her little bottom and cupped it. With my other hand I untied her top, freeing her lovely breasts. The little minx swayed her breasts back and forth against me so just her nipples were grazing my chest.

Breaking apart I led her into the bathroom. As I leaned over to start and adjust the shower, Billie slid my shorts down my legs. As I stepped out of my shorts I untied the strings holding her bottoms on. 

Leading me by my hard on she stepped into the shower. We took turns soaping each other up paying attention to our special places. After our shower we dried each other off and headed for the bed.

I laid Billie down and as she took my nuts in her hands I started kissing her. I kissed her lips, her face, her eyes, and ears and worked my way down. Nuzzling her breasts and lightly nipping her nipples I also slid my hand down across her pubic patch.

My fingers danced up and down her damp cleft, slipping down through her folds and back up, tapping against her love bud. Her pelvis rocked up as my finger found her opening and wormed its way inside.

Billie pulled me up toward the head of the bed. She moved over so she could take me in her mouth. With her tongue busy and her head bobbing she took me all the way down her throat.

It was quiet. The only noise was our breathing as we pleasured each other. Pulling her head back and letting my cock loose, Billie moved to the center of the bed and whispered, "Now sweetheart... please... now..."

Moving over her, she guided me in. She still smelled of sunshine and coconuts. Once I had penetrated her as deep as I could get, I held still. Looking up at me, Billie's eyes were all love. I kissed her nose and then her eyelids. We started to slowly move.

Holding her tightly to me, I rolled, putting her on top. Billie spread her knees as far as she could and sat straight up. With her hands on my chest she used her thigh muscles to raise herself up and then relaxing she slid back down. We watched each other's face.

Tracing my fingers up her sides I cupped her breasts with both of my hands. She placed her hands over mine and held them to her tightly. As her hips started working faster she took my hands and interlaced our fingers. She then pushed them up over my head. 

Stretching out on top of me, we kissed. Billie squirmed down forcing my cock up into her deeper. She still had my hands captured in hers as she lightly nibbled and kissed my neck. At the moment, she was the one in control. 

A shiver and a tremor ran thorough her. Her breath caught, she said, "Oh... what a tiny 'O'... I've never had one like that..." Another tremor ran up her belly, her areolas puckered and her nipples grew taut. 

Her heat, her passion, her frenzied lovemaking was all I could stand; I groaned, gritted my teeth and flooded her. Feeling my eruption, it triggered her massive release; bucking and jerking her toes scrabbling for purchase, Billie's fingers crushing my fingers. 

Holding one another we breathed hard and then started laughing. Her forehead against mine we shared our joy. Just being together was wonderful. Being together and making love was spectacular! Why couldn't everyday be like this?

With her stretched out on top of me, with us holding onto one another, with the combination of our lovemaking and the sun from the beach; we drifted off to sleep. 

Movement woke me. I opened my eyes to Billie's warm smile as she looked down in my face. She pulled forward freeing herself from my limp cock, rolled over and slipped into the bathroom. 

A few minutes later I heard the water running. Afterwards she came into the bedroom with a warm washcloth and bathed my cock and balls. When she was satisfied with her task she leaned down and kissed its head.

Looking over her shoulder as she walked out of the bedroom she asked, "Want a sandwich?"

I told her I did and she returned a little later with a tray containing pita bread sandwiches filled with avocado, sprouts and sliced fresh tomatoes. There was also ice water and a side dish of olives, sliced celery and carrots.

Of course the real treat was the visual effect of Billie sitting nude eating her repast. Her back straight, her head held high, her shoulders held back and down, rib cage pulled in just like her Pilate's instructor had taught her. Her legs were crossed Indian style.

Watching Billie's breast rise and fall as she breathed and ate her sandwich was tantalizing. Her breasts aren't large, a little more than a handful, her areolas are about the size of a quarter and her erect nipples like pencil erasers.

As my eyes traveled downward they recorded her wonderful flat and defined abdomen ending in a trimmed and groomed pubic patch. The position she was sitting in exposed her sex. Her smoothly shaved outer labia and dainty inner pussy lips were exquisite. 

Billie noticed my arousal. As we finished our meal she took the tray back into the kitchen. Upon returning she crawled between my legs and started playing with my erection. She leaned down and engulfed me with her mouth.

With one hand around the base of my cock and the other fondling my balls she worked me with tenderness. She took me all the way down her throat. As she came up her eyes would meet mine.

I thought she would tease me for a while then crawl up on me and take me inside her. She didn't. Billie knows how to suck cock. She enjoys the musky man smell and the taste of the pre-cum. Usually when she sucks a guy off, she'll take the cum down her throat.

As she bobbed her head I told her I was about to cum. She quickly glanced up at me, smiled and went back to her oral lovemaking. My eruption was strong. Billie surprised me; instead of taking it down her throat she took my ejaculate directly in her mouth. 

When I had finished she sat up, smiled at me and swallowed my load. Teasingly smacking her lips she thanked me for her creamy dessert. She then crawled up next to me and snuggled up.

We just held each other for a while. A little later, we got up and prepared for bed. It would be an early evening. Satisfied with the day's activities, our arms around each other, we fell asleep rather quickly. 

As the sun came up, I woke up. We had separated during the night and slept on our own sides of the bed. I sat up as slow and as quietly as I could... to find myself staring at Billie who was also trying to get up without disturbing me. We burst out laughing.
