 I heard the door open and sucked Mike’s massive cock back into my mouth, moving my head down and sideways, so that his erection would be visible from behind me as I captured the head between my lips. Paul was starting to panic as the door opened. I held myself in position, not releasing his cock and suddenly the room was lit by the bright white light of a flash. I released Mike’s cock as the door closed. Turning my head, I saw Sandra holding a digital camera, smiling (and admiring the size of Mike’s cock too). 

“Oh shit, please give me the camera,” Paul said, reaching out, his erection rapidly diminishing. 

“Oh no,” Sandra said,” I don’t think that would be a good idea at all. After all, this is what we like to term insurance. If you go around black mailing my girlfriend,” (I shuddered happily at that, Sandra calling me her girlfriend) “then you have to expect that she’s going to do something about it.” 

“Crap. I’m sorry, I just got caught up in it, I’ll do anything, just please … I don’t want to lose my job.” 

Sandra laughed. “You’re not going to lose your job. We won’t do anything with this photo as long as you do as you’re told. Which, for starters, means put that cock back in my sweety’s mouth and get it hard again. I want to play too.” 

I laughed at the shock all over Mike’s face as I took his cock back into my mouth and started sucking on it again. Sandra simply moved forwards and knelt down next to me. I turned to her and kissed her, our tongues meeting and duelling before I sucked on Mike’s cock again. He simply looked down in stunned disbelief. Sandra wrapped her hand around his massive piece of flesh and drew it towards her mouth. She sucked it between her lips, moaning appreciatively. I cupped Mike’s balls in my hand and squeezed them as I looked up into his face, licking my lips. Sandra and I took turns sucking on his cock until I told Sandra that I wanted to see her impaled on his massive piece of meat. 

Sandra told me that she would be more than happy to have that massive cock in her, just for me and we made Paul lay down. He did so quite readily. He was over his initial shock now and kept muttering about all his dreams coming true. 

As he lay on the ground, Sandra and I stood up and I undressed her, slowly unbuttoning her blouse, licking and kissing my way down her abdomen as I went. Her hands played with my titties as I undressed her, squeezing them and pulling my nipples through the material of my blouse. Paul was stroking his cock as I peeled Sandra’s blouse back off her shoulders, undid her bra and released her sizeable breasts. I sucked greedily on a nipple as I pulled her skirt up around her waist before sliding her thong down her legs, my tongue again trailing its way down her body. 

I reached her pussy and licked at her lips where Paul could see exactly what was going on. He moaned and stroked himself harder as my tongue parted her lips and sought her centre. Sandra squatted down and I took Mike’s hands from his cock and held it for him, parting Sandra’s pussy lips with my other hand. I guided them together and then sucked on Sandra’s tit as she worked her way slowly down the full length of his cock. 

“Oh god, you were right, this thing is absolutely enormous,” she said to me as she slowly got comfortable with his cock inside her. I kissed her passionately and she started to work her way up and down the length of his cock, my left hand on her left breast and my right hand squeezing her butt. 

I decided that it was well past time that I stripped down and stood over Mike’s head as I peeled my panties down and off of my legs. I undid my skirt and let it fall onto his face as I released my breasts and removed my shirt. I squatted down over his face, turning so that I was facing Sandra, kissing her as I felt Paul begin to explore my pussy with his tongue. God this was such a turn on! I pulled at Sandra’s nipples and she did the same for me as we both rode Paul like a pleasure machine. He started to grunt and I told Sandra that I thought that she should let him cum in my mouth so that we could share it and she happily agreed, dismounting and moving back down his legs so that she could watch as I bent over and worked his shaft with my hand whilst sucking on the head of his cock. 

We 69’d like this for a couple of moments before Paul tensed and his cock exploded its seed into my mouth. I had to swallow the first of it because I knew there’d be too much to just keep in my mouth, But I did keep the next bit and was about to kiss Sandra when she suggested that maybe Mike would like to watch. He stopped licking me to mutter a “hell yes” and I got off of his face. He sat up as I leant over to Sandra and kissed her, our tongues mingling, Paul’s cum dripping down our chins as it moved back and forth between us. 

“Fuck, me, you two are amazing!” Paul said as he watched us enjoy the cummy kiss, our hands working over each other’s bodies. 

“So is your cock,” I told him,” and I think its my turn to have my pussy full of it. 

“Well, I think I should get him ready for you then,” Sandra said, leaning over to suck on it, still wet and coated with her juices. It didn’t take much sucking for it to get hard again and I got down on my hands and knees and told Paul that I wanted to do me from behind. Paul got around behind me and Sandra guided his missile between my wet lips, Paul thrusting and pushing his way inside me. I felt Sandra’s hand reach under and pull on my nipple and told her to get down where I could eat her gorgeous pussy. 

I was quickly presented with the meal that I’d ordered and set about devouring her labia, her clit and the juices that her pussy exuded as my pussy was pummelled from behind with Paul’s massive cock. Sandra was pulling and tugging on her nipples and I love seeing them stretched as she pulled them away from her chest. My face was being thumped into her pussy and Paul was grunting as he started to thrust harder and harder, his balls really slapping up against my pussy lips. I’d never been pounded so hard in my life and I was really starting to go off, clamping my mouth down on Sandra’s pussy to keep from crying out as I neared an orgasm. 

I came and as I did so, Paul lost control, my spasming pussy sending him over the edge, his seed spurting deep inside my pussy. I collapsed and Paul fell on top of me, his cock still buried inside me, pusling with its own orgasmic pleasure. I forced myself to keep licking at Sandra’s pussy until she too exploded with an orgasm. Paul climbed off of me and I rolled over, his cum starting to ooze out of my pussy. I asked him to get a tissue for me, but Sandra told me not to bother and moved over and licked up the sperm as it oozed from my pussy. 

Paul looked on, amazed at what he was seeing. Sandra and I gathered our clothes together and dressed. Sandra grabbed the camera and we left the server room, Paul scrabbling his clothes on. 

“Well I don’t think you’re ever going to have a problem with that one,” Sandra joked as we had lunch together, “unless of course he suddenly decides to NOT let you have his cock!” We both laughed at that. 

“Yeah, well he’s been getting better every month. I can’t believe with a cock that big he’d been too shy to hook up with a girl before,” I told Sandra. “But I think Mike will be the one that’s a handful. He’s been around more and will probably object more to having his photo taken. Especially when you don’t fuck him.” 

“Well, the photo will have to be enough. It’s a case of he can cause you trouble, but then, he’ll lose his job as well, so it comes down to how far he’s prepared to go.” 

“I guess we’ll find out this afternoon.” 

“Mike, there’s trouble in the server room and I can’t get hold of Paul, so you’ll have to attend to it yourself,” I told him over the phone later that afternoon. 

As expected, it wasn’t long at all until the door opened and he stepped into the room, a gleeful look of hope on his face. 

“So is there really trouble, or is this just satisfying our arrangement, he asked, closing the door behind him. 

“It’s just about the arrangement,” I told him. “Lay down so that I can have my way with you.” He did as he was told and I pulled my panties off as he freed his cock from his pants. I knelt down on the floor and sucked his little cock into my mouth until it was nice and stiff, then I climbed on top of him and slid him inside my pussy, moving up and down. I fucked him like this for awhile until I could tell he was getting close to cumming. I sped up then and really got him going so that he was grunting and groaning. Knowing he was about to cum, I slid back off of his dick and pumped his slippery penis with my hand, causing him to cum and spurt his seed over his belly. 

“Hmm, maybe I should clean that up for you ..” I said and as I did, the cupboard next to us swung open. Sandra leant out and snapped a picture of Mike lying there naked, his sperm all over his belly. 

“What the fuck?!” he exclaimed, momentarily blinded by the flash. 

“Oh, I just thought that one good blackmailing deserves another,” Sandra said calmly, stepping out into the room, snapping another photo as she did so.” 

“You bitch!” Mike said, though it wasn’t clear wether he was talking to Sandra or myself at that time. 

“Don’t get so shitty,” I said to him. “You got some good sex you’d have never had if it wasn’t for black mailing me, you still get to read my stories and you still let me have free access on my pc. All that you miss out on is more sex … oh and you won’t be famous on the internet if that happens either. Otherwise, the whole office will see just what goes on when Mike’s alone in the servier room.” 

He sat on the floor speechless as Sandra and I casually departed the room. 

“Well that just leaves Dave,” Sandra said as we entered her office. “And at least I know that he’s a realist. What did you want to do. Did you want to keep having sex with him once a month, or stop it entirely?” 

“You know, I think I’d like to keep fucking him for now, but it would be good to have some insurance for when I want it to stop but still keep my job.” 

“Sounds smart to me,” Sandra said. I headed off to David’s office and Sandra set herself up in the office just outside to wait for the agreed signal for her to enter and take the photo. 

I started off sucking David off as he sat in his chair, continuing to work. I asked him for his highlighter and started to fuck myself with it while I sucked on him. When he realised what I was doing he asked me to sit on his desk so that he could watch me do it. I perched myself on the edge of his desk with one foot resting on the floor and the other up on the arm of the chair. I slid the highlighter in and out of my wet pussy as he worked away, his gaze travelling back and forth from the screen to the action in my pussy. He even reached out occasionally and slid it in and out himself, sometimes slipping a finger in with it, which I pulled up to my mouth to suck on. After a bit of this, he stood up and slid his cock into my pussy. I told him that I wanted him in my arse again today and that I wanted to lay face down on his desk so that he could take me like a slut. He picked me up and practically rolled me over without my even touching his desk and then thrust his cock in and out of my pussy from behind for a bit, using his finger to wipe around my wet pussy and work at my anus. 

Dave withdrew his cock from my pussy and I felt it pushing at my arse, I told him to get it in there and as he did, I pulled my skirt right up around my waist and worked to remove my blouse, struggling with my hands being between me and the desk. I managed to discard my blouse and Dave was now fully buried in my arse and thrusting in and out. I coughed loudly and that is when Sandra stepped in, snapping a couple of quick photos. Dave didn’t even hesitate, just kept on pumping his cock in and out of my arse. 

“Hello Sandra,” he said calmly. 

“Hi Dave, I hope you don’t mind, but Nikki seduced me and I when I found out what was going on, I thought I should at least help out my new lover.” 

“I completely understand,” he said. “What are the terms?” I couldn’t believe they were talking so serenely about this as Dave fucked me in the arse. 

“Things stay as they are, Nikki fucking you when she wants, retaining access and rights as agreed, but when she says she’s finished, its over, no recriminations.” 

“Sounds perfectly reasonable to me. I assume that you’ve taken care of Paul and Mike Nikki?” 

I grunted a yes in between thrusts and everyone seemed happy. 

“You look so good with a cock in your arse sweety,” Sandra said, bending down to kiss me passionately as our boss rammed his cock into my anus again and again, starting to grunt like he was about to cum. He thrust himself deep within my arse and held still, his sperm filling my cavity. As usual, I gather my panties, pulled them on and squelched my way out of his office, this time, hand in hand with Sandra (well at least until we might be seen by someone else). 

“I think I’d better show you some tender loving tonight baby,” Sandra said as she made her way to her office and I returned to my desk. 

That night, back at Sandra’s place, she ran a nice warm bath and we slipped into the water together, me in front, leaning back against her soft and ample breasts, her arms around me drawing circles on my breasts and tummy, stroking my pussy gently. It was beautiful. She held me and caressed me and after about 15 minutes, I knelt in front of her so that she could suck on my perky little nipples while I fondled her breasts. We tried sitting with me at the back but I was too small to sit comfortably with Sandra in front. I told her to kneel down like a dog for me and worked my fingers in and out of her pussy and anus, determined to make her cum for me. It didn’t take too long and when she had calmed down, she insisted that we get out of the bath and make our way to the bedroom. 

Naked, we collapsed on her bed and Sandra told me that she was going to give me some gently tongue loving to help my pussy get over the pounding that it had taken earlier that day. 

I lay back and enjoyed myself as Sandra went to work on my pussy, licking and sucking at my swollen labia, caressing me with her fingers and stroking my clit with her tongue. I pulled on my nipples and arched my back and squirmed and wriggled as she drew me closer and closer to my climax. Finally I cried out as I came, and Sandra moved up to lie next to me, gently touching and caressing me. We fell asleep together, happy in each other’s arms.