 Four couples, all around the forty mark, have been close friends for close to twenty years. I wish I could describe the ladies as blonde bombshells and the men as well hung Adonis creatures but in truth they were all a bit overweight and ordinary looking. They did however all have a love of life and fun and each in their own way has a remarkable sense of humour.

Paul and Heather were hosting at their house one Friday evening and the entire gang were present, Marilyn and Peter, Abby and Brian, Fred and Mirna.

Brian was bouncing off the walls with enthusiasm as he had just started a new project with the purchase of an old boat.

“It’s an old river passenger ferry, fifty feet long and 15 wide. The last owner stripped out the seats and started work on a conversion to a party boat. Twin engines, V drive, shaft driven, bow and side thrusters. I’ll have it all tidied up and ready to go in two weeks or so.”

Abby interrupted, “I’m sure it will be very nice but if we let you go on you will be describing the engine parts in minute detail and boring everyone to death.”

Heather changed the subject, “We can’t wait to see the boat but in the mean time the rumour that our gang is a wife swapping club is doing the rounds again.”

“We are in a way but it’s all talk and no action. We constantly tease ourselves with the prospect but no one has ever got past a peck on the cheek,” commented Abby.

A door opened and Heather’s mother, Esther, entered the room.

“Perhaps it is time to settle the issue once and for all, either indulge in a little swapping or drop the subject?”

Heather shrieked, “Mother, I thought you went to choir practice, I’m shocked that you know what swapping is.”

“Choir was cancelled before I got in to my car. Apparently the choirmaster hurt his hand and he can’t play his organ. You late father and I were famous for our house key swap parties before you were born.”

The group sat in stunned silence until Esther continued, “Excuse me for being bossy but I suggest we settle this once and for all. Refresh your drinks and I will be back in a few minutes.”

Esther returned carrying a small plastic container, “I am going to give each of you two marbles, one solid black and one multi coloured. Do not let anyone see your marbles before or after the vote. One at a time drop a marble in to the basket. A coloured marble will indicate that you want to pursue the swap plan, one black marble kills the idea for good.”

The vote went ahead and at its conclusion Esther showed the group no less than eight multi coloured marbles, not a black in sight.

“Time to get a bit less formal with the planning now, we are not organising this for a bunch of strangers but there needs to be a few ground rules. I suggest no pain, no anal, no hogging one person, everything happens in one room - chat amongst yourselves and find a consensus.”

As the result of all this, plans were made for two weekends ahead on the party boat. Esther invited herself along as organiser and she offered to contribute snacks, drinks and prizes.

The big day came and the gang showed up at the boat. Brian gave them a almost a full tour of the vessel, it was cut short by Abby insisting that they didn’t need to see the engine room or the anchor locker. They were impressed by the huge party area, bar and outside deck.

The party area was equipped with four mattresses on pallets, pillows, with sheets and blankets folded in case needed, a small table with lube and tissues, a stereo system, and attractive lighting.

Esther asked the group to stand with their spouses and she started the music with a slow number.

“You won’t be together again for a few hours, for now hug and dance and whisper to each other what you are going to do when you get back to your own bed. Actually you will be too shagged out to do anything after this evening so talk about the next time you make love when you have fully recovered.”

When the music stopped Esther asked each man to move to the nearest lady, not his wife.

“In about an hour, you will again move to a new partner, and finally after a further hour you will move to the only lady you have not been with at that time.”

Esther was busy pulling a green mat out on to the floor which turned out to be an indoor putting green.

“With your new partner I want you to putt 10 balls each in to the hole. Any time you miss the green or take more than four strokes the penalty is to have your team mate remove one item of your clothing. Keep going until we time out or everyone is naked.”

Marilyn and Paul went first, played quite well but lost two items of clothing each. 

Twenty minutes later, none of the men had more than a pair of socks on. Two ladies were naked and two were wearing just panties.

“Such fun,” declared Esther, “I think you deserve some time in bed.”

No one needed to be told twice, they were on the mattresses in seconds. Each couple pulled a sheet over themselves, obviously a little shy about a public performance at this stage.

Ten minutes in, heads were bobbing up to get a peek at what the others were doing. Paul and Marilyn appeared to be in reverse missionary position and when the covering sheet slipped they were also seen going for an Olympic French kissing gold medal. 

Peter, with his uncovered, hairy legs off the end of the mattress, was giving Abby an oral delight. Brian and Mirna were in missionary position but they were convulsed in laughter falling about and frequently reconnecting.

“Thirty minutes about up, we are moving on to our next partners in a couple of minutes, feel free to take a break before the next activity,” announced Esther before producing a darts board and darts from a box in the corner.

When the group was ready with their new partners, Esther announced the rules of the game.

“I know that you all have a bit of experience with darts, we will play 301, double in and double out. Game 1 Brian and Heather against Fred and Marilyn, game 2 Paul and Abby vs. Peter and Mirna. I will keep individual scores towards the prize giving.

The competition proved intense and they ran overtime.

OK,” said Esther, “retire to your mattresses for another 30 minutes.”

This time no one bothered with a covering sheet but the head bobbing and peeking continued.

Peter and Mirna, ten minutes in to the session, adopted doggy position and this encouraged the others to try more adventurous activities such as cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, a knee trembler against a bulkhead and sixty nine. 

Esther very gradually turned up the lighting as most of the participants seemed as interested in watching others as their own activities, at least until they attempted to outdo a particular act.

“Final change of partners,” announced Esther, “Let’s spend a good bit of time snacking and chatting before the final round. Don’t forget to check on your spouse and make sure they are happy,”

The room was abuzz with excitement, no one was showing any sign of disillusionment or weariness.

The final session was Peter and Heather, Brian and Marilyn, Fred and Abby, Paul and Mirna.

The couples were chatting and gently caressing each other. The men no longer had raging erections but were coaxed in to action by the ladies by hand, oral and other means.

Heather got Peter going with a tit fuck, Abby folded a half erect Fred into her and gripped him tightly, Marilyn talked dirty to Brian. Mirna aroused Paul by telling him an imaginary but detailed story of how she fucked a football team and sucked off the referee and two linesmen.

“Couldn’t have gone better,” exclaimed Esther, ending the final session and digging in to a box for prizes.

Best golfer and best dart player both received a bottle of wine. Brian and Mirna both received chocolate for making the most noise in round one.

“And what can we do for you?” Paul asked Esther, “we all had a great time thanks to your ideas and work.”

“I don’t want to impose or embarrass anyone, I know I am an old wrinkly, but if any of the men are up to giving me a bit of cock in the cabin up front I would very much appreciate it. Don’t move or say a word until you have discussed it with your spouse. My son in law will of course be excused. I will fully understand and not be offended if you prefer to fall asleep.”

Esther walked to the front of the boat, undoing buttons on the way, and the group went quiet for a moment.

Brian suggested they all stay the night as they had generated enough heat to be comfortable aboard.

The couples settled with their spouses and whispering commenced between pairs and across the cabin.

Peter kissed his wife and walked slowly to the bow cabin. He was gone about thirty minutes. Marilyn was cold without him so she was invited to join Paul and Heather until her husband returned. 

Paul was in the middle, they all relaxed and did nothing more than hold each other.

Brian went up to the bow cabin next, Abby kept warm with Paul and Heather.

Fred and Mirna followed the same routine except that after thirty minutes he came back from Esther’s cabin to check with Mirna.

“Esther wants me to stay the night.”

“Make sure you give one of your pre breakfast specials, the whole works, in the morning,” said Mirna completing the deal with a big kiss before snuggling up to Paul and Heather.