 I pushed Paul back into the server room, pulling the door closed behind me. 

“Know what the time is?” I said to him as I stalked him back towards the corner of the room. 

“Uh ..n n no” he stammered. 

“Its time for your monthly pay off” I told him, dropping to my knees and pulling on his zipper, working to free his enormous cock from his pants. 

“But you said we all had to be there…” he said. 

“Its my right to change my mind, just be glad I’m going through with this.” I said as I got his cock out and started to suck on it. God it was hard. And huge. I worked my mouth all over his cock, up and down and around it, sucking on the tip, licking at the sensitive underside, nibbling ever so gently on his shaft, making him flinch. 

I gorged myself on his massive love muscle until I heard him panting and grunting, getting close to cumming. But I decided that I wouldn’t get him off so quickly and besides, I wanted that monster cock in my pussy again, so I stopped sucking on him. I stood up and asked him if he’d managed to lick a pussy yet. He told me that he hadn’t so I decided that I’d teach him how to do it right from the start. 

I hiked my skirt up around my waist and pulled off and sat down on one of the server boxes. “Lick my panties, Paul, get down there and start by licking up each side of them along my lips.” He did as he was told. I loved the feeling of his tongue on the outside of my lips, which were now getting wetter and wetter as my pussy oozed its preparatory fluids into my panties. 

“Now push my panties into my slit with your tongue and then run it all over the nice wet fabric.” I sighed as I felt the pressure on my pussy and my panties eased slightly inside my pussy. I told him to pull the fabric aside and to run his tongue all over my bald pussy lips, teasing me, telling him that he wasn’t to go in my slit or my hole yet, just to tease me. He dutifully followed my instructions and I loved every second of it. I told him to reach up and pull my panties down my legs until he could get them with his teeth and drag them the rest of the way off. He was happy doing as he was told and it wasn’t long before I had him licking all over my thighs and everywhere but on my pussy itself. God, if I wasn’t careful I’d teach him to tease me too well and I’d be in a frenzy! 

“Ok, now, lick up my slit, push your tongue inside me and then wiggle it around I told him.” I groaned as he did exactly that, my juices really starting to flow now. He worked enthusiastically around my hole. I reached down to pull my bald lips wide apart for him so that he could access my clit. I told him to stop and pointed out exactly where my clit was. Then I gave him some quite detailed instructions on how to make me go off like a Saturn rocket before letting him try things out. He fumbled around a bit at first, but with a bit more encouragement and instruction I was soon groaning hard, trying not to scream out as he licked me to an orgasm. I had to push his head away and close my legs as he seemed oblivious of the fact hat I had cum and he wanted to keep going. 

I parted my legs and let him watch my pussy as it rhythmically contracted through my orgasm. He sure loved getting to see that. As I recovered, I told him to lay down on the floor so that I could ride his erection. Paul lay back upon the floor and I squatted down over his cock. I held it vertical and rubbed my saturated lips on it, mingling the precum that oozed from its tip with my post-orgasmic mess. I slid down that cock like it was a greased fire pole, burying it deep inside my pussy. 

Just as I started to work my way up and down it, Paul’s phone rang. It was on the floor with his clothes and I cheekily picked it up and answered it as I sat with his cock inside me. It was Mike. 

“Hey Mike, you’d better get here real quick, Paul said the server is just about fucked and he needs help fixing it.” Paul looked at me with alarm in his eyes, but I gyrated around on his cock and soon had his eyes full of lust again. It was only moments later that I heard the key in the lock of the door and looked up to see Mike charging in to see what the problem was. 

“Close the door. Like I said, Paul needs some help with this fucked server,” I laughed as Mike tried and failed to compose himself upon entering. 

By the time he had the door locked again, his cock was straining to get out of his pants. I told him he should get it out for me and bring it over to where I could suck him off. Mike wasn’t about to turn down and offer like that and soon I had his cock in my mouth as I continued to work my way up and down Paul’s enormous cock. By the time I had sucked my mouth up and down it a couple of times, Paul was groaning beneath me, telling me that he was going to cum. I just continued to ride his cock until he exploded, his warm seed plastering the walls of my womb. I grabbed Mike’s balls as Paul erupted and squeezed them, sucking down hard on his cock. 

I told Mike that it was his turn to fuck me now and stood up from my heavenly seat, sitting back down on the edge of the server box, my legs spread and my pussy dripping with Paul’s cum. Mike looked hesitant as he saw his colleague’s cum oozing from my slit. 

“What’s the matter? Changed your mind?” I asked him. 

“Well …” he hesitated. 

“You know the deal, its on my terms or not at all. So either fuck my cummy pussy or take your chances next month.” I loved being able to have this power over the guys, it was such a turn on. I honestly though that Mike would decide to wait a month at that point in time, but he surprised me, stepping up between my legs to slide his erection into my slippery pussy. It was kind of odd having him in so soon after I’d had Paul’s mammoth piece of meat inside me. Not really that satisfying. I pretended to enjoy it as he pumped away at my pussy enthusiastically. 

He started to moan and announced that he too was cumming. I let him cum inside my pussy, filling it with more cum. When he pulled his cock out, the sperm oozed out, dribbling between my but cheeks and down the side of the server box. I grabbed my panties and pulled them back on as the two geeks pulled themselves back together and gathered their pants. I walked to the door, their cum continuing to ooze from my pussy into my panties. I turned and said to them, “you might want to clean that up you know,” laughing as they both looked with some horror at the sperm trail down the side of the server. 

I walked straight into Dave’s office, pulling the door closed before me. He was on the phone. I turned the lock on the door and undid my blouse as I advanced on him. I walked around to his side of the desk and stood before him, pulling on my nipples and caressing my breasts, licking my lips, looking suggestively at his cock. He lost the track of his conversation briefly and I stifled a laugh as I dropped to my knees and worked at freeing the rapidly growing erection from the constraints of his pants. As he spoke on the phone, I used my mouth to work over his cock, drawing it to its full length and hardness. 

“Oh god, you are such a lovely little slut,” David said to me as he put the phone down and ran his fingers through my hair, his cock totally lost in my mouth. I got up from my position between his legs and pulled my panties down before sitting on the edge of his desk and spreading my legs. 

Dave looked at my sopping bald pussy and raised his eyebrows as he turned his gaze to my face. “What can I say, this time you didn’t get to go first,” I said to him, waiting to see what his reaction would be. 

“Well I guess one can’t always be the first, but then again, maybe I’ll just fuck you in the arse again.” he said. 

“No, I call the shots remember and this time its my pussy or nothing.” 

“Well in that case, I’ll take it,” he said, standing so that his stiff cock was pointing at my pussy. He stepped forwards and slid his cock into my pussy. I moaned as I had a third cock slid into my pussy in less than half an hour. I did feel like a dirty slut. But I liked it. I really liked the power that it gave me over these guys. 

David slid his cock in and out of my pussy and I leant back on my hands so that my perky, tiny breasts stood out and up on my chest. He didn’t miss the hint and lowered his mouth to my right nipple, sucking it hard as his hand closed over my left breast and began to massage it. I groaned at the pleasure that this added to me as he pounded my sopping wet pussy with his cock. 

I could feel the cum from the other two guys seeping from me as his cock pumped in and out. It ran down between my butt cheeks so that my butt started to slide back and forth on David’s desk each time he pushed himself in or withdrew from me. I could feel my orgasm building as his cock continued to slide in and out of me and rested on one hand as I moved the other to enable me to touch my clit. 

The instant I touched it I exploded, my pussy convulsing and my body shaking. I clamped my mouth shut to keep from screaming out as the pleasure swept through me. Dave kept pumping in and out as I came and before I knew what was happening, I felt a second orgasm burst inside me on the back of the first one. It had never happened to me before and I grabbed Dave, pulling myself to hug him as his cock buried itself inside me again and again. The position change was enough to drive Dave to cum and I all but screamed as I felt my pussy filled with warm, wet cum for the third time. 

I recovered and thanked David, pulling my wet panties up and my skirt down. I buttoned my blouse back up and walked from his office, more cum seeping into my panties with every step. 

I sat back down at my computer and went back to work, feeling all the cum in my panties every time I swivelled my chair or adjusted my posture. I nearly jumped out of my skin when Sandra walked up behind me and started massaging my shoulders! 

“Hi there sweety, can I have you for lunch today?” she asked me seductively. Oh shit, I thought, how the hell do I get out of this one … 

“I have this thing to do for David and he says its urgent … I was going to work through lunch, but maybe we can get together for a drink after work?” 

“Sure thing. Tell you what, leave your car here tonight and you can come stay the night with me. I think I’d like to have you in my bed all night tonight.” 

“Sounds like a plan to me,” I told her smiling. She went to leave and turned to me, sniffing slightly, “You know, if it were anyone else sitting there, I’d say that it smelt like cum,” she laughed. “And you look kinda flushed, too.” 

“Well, you just offered to have me all night in your bed, of course I’m flushed, it was like instant damp panty time,” I laughed back at her, shooing her off and telling her I needed to get started so that maybe we could leave a bit earlier tonight. 

Sandra took off and I was left trying to figure out how I was going to get back to her place with my panties full of cum and not get busted. 

The end of the day came around and I’d decided that the only option I had was to come clean (no pun intended!). So, when we were driving back and Sandra reached over to try and slide her hand up my legs, I had to stop her and tell her what was going on. 

“Sandra, there is something I have to tell you,” I started. 

“As long as its not that you don’t want to see me anymore, you can continue,” she laughed, somewhat nervously. 

“Well, you know how you caught me writing the story and how it lead to us sleeping together? 

“Yes?” 

“Well, it turns out you weren’t the only one to bust me writing those stories. 

“Oh shit! Who else knows?” she asked with concern on her face. 

“David ..” 

“Holy crap, is that why you were in his office with the door closed? What did he do? He didn’t sack you did he?!” 

“No, he didn’t. And he only found out through someone else … Mike and Paul.” 

“The geeks? Oh God, Nikki, that’s terrible. What on earth are you going to do about it?” 

“That’s what I have to tell you about. Its not what I am going to do about it, its what I have done about it.” Sandra looked at me with concern and apprehension at this point and I launched into a fast, scrambled and rambling account of what had happened and what I’d been thinking when David had called me into his office the first time ... and what had happened earlier today.” I apologised relentlessly through the account for not telling her earlier and keeping this from her, especially because of the multiple sex partners and diseases and all that stuff. 

“Shit Nikki.” Was all that she said as she continued to drive in silence. I too sat in silence, not knowing what else I could say, or if she’d even give me a chance from here in. 

“Listen Nikki,” she started as she pulled into the drive and stopped the car, turning to face me. “I’m older than you and I’ve been around the block more than once. I’ve done things I’m not proud of too. And to be honest, I am hurt that you didn’t share this with me and let me try to help you, but I also understand what the job means to you and why you did what you did. And I really appreciate the fact that you have at least told me what’s going on now. 

You should probably know that I once slept with David too. It didn’t last long and fortunately we managed to remain friends and can work amicably together still. And I guess I tell you this because I know how persuasive he can be. How he can make a sordid suggestion sound perfectly reasonable. 

In short … I forgive you. And I still want you here all night so I can fuck you. And on top of that, I think I can help you get around this arrangement, if that’s what you want to do.” It was a lot for me to take in and so after a quick hug, we went inside the house to talk it through some more. 

One of the things that Sandra said helped her accept it was that even though she loved having sex with me, she missed getting a cock in her sometimes. I told her about how big Paul’s cock was and her eyes lit up. 

“Well that just helps enhance the plan I think,” she said and proceeded to tell me all about it …