 Grimacing, I got out of the car and locked the door, putting on a smile. I found myself wishing I hadn't worn such a low-cut top, but that was stupid. Chris was going to see me naked, for the space of about five minutes, but he would. It didn't even make sense, what reasoning did I have to be here? And the thought that rushed through my head at that very second was an ugly thought that I couldn't begin to come to terms with. Because you love George and sleeping with Chris makes your relationship with Micah less real. The fact that I knew that it was true was killing me. But still, I walked through the front garden, up the brick weave path, past the expensive car in the driveway, to the doorstep where Chris stood.

"Hey sexy," Chris purred, and I felt my insides turn over. Oh so the day had finally come, Chris made me sick. Lily had always told me that one day I'd get the same reaction to Chris as all my friends did. Today was that day. Or maybe I was just feeling particularly guilty today after seeing Micah watch me from the window. It had freaked me out just a little bit.

"Hi," I returned, almost shyly. I felt like a reluctant virgin. Only I was far from being a virgin, I was a fully-fledged, adulterous whore. Of course it wasn't quite adultery because I wasn't married, but it was about as close to it as you could get without a ring on your finger.

"What's wrong with you? You sounded just fine a few minutes ago," Chris told me, frowning. His green eyes seemed to hold concern, but I knew better. Chris didn't care about anyone but him and his penis. It was the way of the world, and I had accepted it. What I didn't like was his pseudo concern.

I shook my head at him, shrugging as I pushed past him. "I'm fine, Chris, honestly," I breathed dismissively as I dropped my bag against the wall in the hallway next to the living room door. "You wanna fuck me or what?"

His frown grew deeper, his brow creasing further, "Love you too baby," He growled sarcastically, shutting the front door as he turned to face me in his hallway. 

"Why do you say things like that? You've probably already fucked some girl you met last night in your bed, about three times for a collective twenty minutes, and probably told her she was the most beautiful girl you'd ever seen, and the most amazing sex, and gave the best blow jobs-"

"Nina, you know you give the best blow jobs-"

"Oh just shut up, Chris, okay? I don't want any sweet talking bullshit, just get your clothes off and screw me, alright?" My voice cracked a little bit, but I managed to swallow down the lump in my throat, suppressing the tears. I knew that somewhere in my head I was aware of exactly why I felt like crying, but I didn't want to get into it with myself. 

Without another word to Chris I walked into the second door on the right, the dining room, and waited for him to follow me. He was still frowning deeply, like he was waiting for me to jump up and say, "Kidding!" But I wasn't. I just wanted the sex so I didn't feel so attached to Micah. I wasn't ready to let go of it yet, so I wanted the sex.

"Get a condom," I said, unbuttoning my jeans and pulling them down with my black lace french knickers to just below my bottom, bending over the table.

"Got one in the dressing gown," He murmured as he moved towards me, his hands sliding over the curves of my hips as he pressed himself against my back, thrusting against me. But his dick wasn't hard yet, he was useless to me. "You don't want foreplay, no talking, no kissing?"

"Did I ask you for foreplay?" I snarled, glancing over my shoulder at him with smouldering brown eyes. "Just fuck me. I'm pretty sure that's what I've kept saying to you."

Leaning forward a little bit more, I spread my legs as far apart as I could within the confines of my jean clad thighs and stared at the wall in front of me. At least that way I got to not have an orgasm whilst pretending that it wasn't Chris attempting to pound my pussy till my legs shook as I faked it.

"Maybe I need foreplay," Chris suggested boldly. I could feel his eyes on me, scanning up from the curve of my buttocks, up my back and hourglass shaped figure to the spill of long dark hair that curled over my shoulders down to my waist.

I rolled my eyes and turned to face Chris, violently stripping off his blue towel robe and dropping it on the floor, leaving him standing before me naked, his cock semi-erect. I pulled my top up over my head and unhooked my bra, throwing them both on the floor. I slid my hand around his neck and into the curls of his black hair, pulling him towards me and kissing his neck, biting it a little, pressing my naked breasts against his bare chest.

I didn't look at him, or get into it. It wasn't that Chris looked bad naked; he was lean but muscular, about five feet and nine inches tall, with olive skin and quite attractive. But I didn't find him attractive at the minute, I just needed to fuck someone, anyone. Lifting my lips from his neck I whispered, "Ready now?" From the feel of him against the front of my body, I knew that he was, but I was hoping I could simply stop the foreplay now and he wouldn't mind. 

"Yeah," he croaked, and I spun round, bending over the table once more.

There was a moment of quiet where Chris put the condom on, but then I felt him grasp my hip and push his way inside me. I sighed with relief and laid against the surface of the table as he steadily began to slide himself in and out of me, a slow rhythm. Having slept with over forty women, it would've been assumed that he knew how to pleasure a woman, but at thirty years old, he had yet to learn.

"Oh God Nina." Chris whispered, grabbing my hair and tugging on it. I frowned, he never normally did that. Still I shrugged it off, pulling myself up off the table a little, resting on my elbows as he pulled on my hair.

Chris stopped thrusting. He didn't usually do that either. What the hell was he doing? I just wanted a quick sex fix so I could leave, go home, take a shower and fuck myself with the power settings, go to bed and play with Micah's cock before I went to sleep. Apparently that wasn't going to happen. I started to turn my head to look back at him but he yanked my hair to keep my head still, producing a startled yelp from me. I enjoy being dominated, a lot. It made parts low in my body tighten. "What are you-" I gasped a little as he pulled out of me so that just the tip of him was still inside. I found myself trying to direct him back inside me by pushing my hips back, but he tugged sharply on my hair again, producing another startled yelp. I could feel my pussy getting wetter and I bit my lip. 

It wasn't because the hair pulling hurt, it was because I was enjoying it, and it startled me that Chris would think to do anything past using his penis and biting my nipples. "Chris-"

"Beg for it," He snapped harshly. His voice seemed deeper now somehow, in charge. I raised my eyebrows a little.

"What the fuck?" He tugged harder on my hair and I half-screamed, half moaned as whilst tugging my hair he thrust himself as hard as he possibly could, as deep as he could possibly get inside me and them pulled himself almost all the way out again.

"Just do it Chris! Fuck me, for God's sake, I just want sex!" I screamed helplessly, writhing on top of what I now realised was a new, more expensive, mahogany dining table, with my finger, and in fact breast prints all over it.

"If you don't, I will," My eyes widened as I realised there was a third person I didn't know in the room and I felt Chris go very still and pull out of me, moving away from me. Giving whoever the man was a very decent view of the most intimate parts of my body. Strangely, I wasn't bothered by it. I simply stood up and turned around, yanking my jeans up over my hips to cover my lower half. However my breasts were still fully on show.

"Nice tits," The guy said, and then I realised who he was. Chris' best friend Jack.

The best way to describe this man would be to say "steroid junkie". I weighed a hundred and thirty pounds and he could probably have lifted me above his head without much fuss. He was about six feet tall, bulging out of a green T-shirt that was far too tight for a man his size, with bright green eyes and dirty blonde hair. He was almost attractive, but too big for my taste. He was barefoot, wearing shorts thin enough that had they not almost reached his knees, I would've thought they were boxers. They were stretched tight over his crotch where he had one of the biggest hard-ons I had ever seen in my life.

"Nice hard-on you got there, Jack. You won't be using it in here tonight, get out," I growled. I wasn't bothered that I was topless. Having been acting since the age of 12 and having been in more shows than I could remember, I'd gotten used to being in a co-ed environment in various stages of undress. 

He half swayed, half waddled into the room, the muscles of his arms bulging. I think he'd done it on purpose to impress me. "Oh, but Nina. You know you'd love it," he whispered, in what I think he thought was a seductive tone.

"What are you doing here? Chris and me wanted some alone time-"

"I live here now, Nina," He interrupted. I didn't care to ask any more questions beyond that, but I gave Chris a look to remember. I was angry. Surely you tell the girl who's coming over to have sex with you that there's a twenty-eight year old muscle-head living in your house. Just a thought. Unless they'd planned this. Threesome with the school teacher ex-girlfriend, what a fantasy.

Yeah, school teacher. High school drama. 

It shocked me when Jack decided, hey why not? And simply took his cock out from his shorts, but once he had I couldn't take my eyes off it. I didn't want to have sex with him, but it was huge. In more ways than one. At a guess I would've said it was eight inches long, but hey, you know how people can misjudge. And it was thick. The thickest one I'd ever seen, not that I've seen that many.

Apparently me staring at his member had caught both his and Chris' attention as they were now both laughing, and Jack was actually physically touching me now, the head of his penis brushing against the front of my stomach. "Get out, Jack, I'm not gonna do you-" I stopped talking as Chris grabbed hold of my hips and tugged my jeans down once more, pressing the head of himself against me from behind. I moaned a little. This was turning me on, but it was making me feel sick, with excitement.

Chris thrust inside me as hard as he could and it felt so good I couldn't believe it. I'd never been this turned on in my life. I was getting forced to bend over with each thrust of Chris' hips, and my face ended up pressed against Jack's abdomen. I could feel him mentally willing me to sink lower, but he didn't dare to push me into it, or I might realise and stop it.

The thrusting from behind me was getting harder and faster, and Chris actually started to push down onto my back so that my face was brushing against the length of Jack's cock. I let myself slide my tongue over it in a long, thick wet line and he moaned, but then I stopped. I shouldn't, but things low in my body were tightening and it felt too good not to let myself.

Brushing my lips over the tip of it, I took him inside my mouth and both he and Chris seemed to moan simultaneously. My stomach turned over. I wasn't sure whether it felt good or bad. I was almost too scared to do anymore and then all of a sudden I felt Chris spasm against me. He was done, I knew that, and he pulled out of me, so I stood up and looked into Jack's expectant face.

He slid an arm around me and brushed his fingers along the skin of my back, down to cup my ass. I could barely breathe as he spanked it, and I shook my head at him because I couldn't speak. He smiled at me and stepped out of his shorts, walking over to the dining room table, pulling out a chair and turning it around. He sat down and patted his lap, "Come straddle me." he ordered, patting his thigh.

Chris had disappeared, but was returning from the direction of the kitchen, condom in hand and handed it to Jack, who promptly tore open the packet and rolled the condom down over his cock. He looked up at me again, and said, "Nina, come sit on my dick." 

I bit my lip, wondering what the hell I was doing as I dropped my jeans and stepped out of them. I stepped slowly towards Jack and straddled his lap, reaching down between my legs to grab his cock and rub the head against the opening of my pussy. I was almost worried about the thickness, I wasn't sure I could take it, but then I was very horny, and so wet it was starting to soak my thighs. His breathing quickened as I thrust my hips down, sliding the head inside my pussy.

Jack's hands slid up my thighs, and he gripped both cheeks of my arse, squeezing them and pulling me further down onto his cock. I winced a little, it didn't hurt yet, but I felt very full. I was definitely being stretched. He was gentle as he lifted me slowly up again, and let me slide further down. I let out a moan, placing my hands on his shoulders for balance as I slid slowly up and down over his cock, getting used to the girth before I tried to take the full length of him inside me.

I gasped as I finally thrust my hips down, the whole of Jack's cock inside me, my clit pressed against the top of his groin. I swayed my hips back and forth, rubbing my clit against him, feeling his cock pushing inside me, almost making my eyes water. The kind of pain that felt wonderful. 

Chris' mouth hovered above my neck as he stood behind me, his hot breath brushing over my skin as he snaked his hands up over my abdomen and cupped by breasts, pinching and pulling on both nipples. I moaned, bouncing gently on Jack's cock as Chris lowered his mouth to the nape of my neck, flicking his tongue out over my pulse and biting. My nipples were hard, and Jack lightly spanking my arse produced a loud moan from my lips and I clenched around his cock. He gasped and spanked me again, harder, urging me to pick up the pace.

I could feel Chris' cock, hard once again, rubbing against my spine, lightly brushing over the skin as he lifted one of my breasts and Jack took the nipple into his mouth, rolling his tongue over it, nibbling. 

"I'm gonna put it in your arse," Chris whispered against my ear, biting the earlobe and stooping a little.

"No," I whispered in a half-moan. "No. Put it...in my mouth." I could feel myself getting close to an orgasm, but Jack firmly grasped my hips and held me down on his cock, wriggling his hips so I could feel his cock moving inside me. I moaned, my body feeling hot, tense. And once again he stopped, denying me my orgasm. 

"Stay still," he whispered, placing one hand under my arse and the other around my lower back before standing up with me. I gasped and clasped my feet together behind his back as he looked at Chris, "We're going to the bedroom."

I noticed Chris' grinning face as he followed Jack and me into his bedroom. This room had been Chris' study, and now had a large double bed and a few furnishings.

I was breathless with Jack's cock inside me and desperate for him to lay me down and show me what all his muscle was good for. And I wasn't disappointed. Without pulling out of me he lay me forcefully down on the bed, my legs still wrapped around his hips, and without a hint of teasing, began to pound his cock in and out of my pussy relentlessly as Chris watched.

Moving up onto the bed, Chris waited with his cock hard almost above my face as Jack stood pounding me into a puddle. Instinctively I reached out and wrapped my hand around Chris' cock, running my hand up and down along the shaft at the same rhythm as Jack fucking me on the edge of the bed. I sat up to take Chris' head into my mouth as I felt myself starting to shake, a warm feeling pulsing in my lower abdomen, spreading slowly through me. I was about to cum and it felt so good.

All of a sudden Jack paused thrusting and I half-screamed my disappointment, staring up at him and moving away from Chris. "Why won't you let me cum? Fuck!"

Jack chuckled to himself and knelt down between my thighs, stroking his hands along my body as Chris moved towards me again, brushing the tip of his cock against my lips. Before I could say another word, Jack's mouth was pressed forcefully against my clit as he forced two fingers roughly inside me. 

I would have moaned, but as soon as I parted my lips, Chris pushed himself into my mouth and I began to massage my tongue against the head of his cock. Wrapping a hand around the shaft I began to stroke him, sucking lightly as I bobbed over the head of his cock. 

My other hand travelled down to grab a firm hold of Jack's hair, pushing him roughly into me as he started to suck my clit, flicking his tongue against me as his fingers worked inside me and sent warm waves of pleasant sensation coursing through me. I squealed around Chris' cock and took him out of my mouth, flicking my tongue over the tip and licking a wet line down the shaft to the base and back up again. 

Chris let out a low moan and then pulled away, holding his own dick and stroking himself slowly as Jack began to bring me to climax. "Oh God..." I murmured, entwining my hands in the bed sheet as he finally let me cum. He continued to suck violently as the hot feeling began low inside me, and my pussy began to clench around his fingers. The release was amazing as he pushed me over the edge and I felt my nipples tighten, every nerve in my body on fire. He slowed his fingers and lifted his mouth from me, grinning up at me from between my thighs. 

"Fuck..." I whispered as he stood. I felt dizzy.

Chris leant over me then, running his hands down over my body and putting his mouth down onto my pussy. He slipped his tongue inside me and out again, slowly running his tongue over my lower lips. I let out a low moan, enjoying the sensation as he then rolled onto his back, pulling me to straddle his face.

His cock was still hard before me and I slid my mouth down over it, cupping his balls with one hand and gently fondling them as I used the other to slowly stroke him to the rhythm of my mouth. His hands went to my waist and he raised me over his face, flicking his tongue slowly over my clit. 

And then I felt Jack's thick, bulging cock pressed against my opening. It felt incredible. I wanted him inside me more than I could say, and slowly he pushed his way inside. I was tighter after such an intense orgasm, and from the appreciative noises he made I knew he could feel it. 

As Chris began to flick my clit more rapidly, Jack began to slowly pump inside me. Quick, short strokes that moved me up and down over Chris' cock. I felt Chris pulsing in my mouth and his balls tightening in my hand. He was going to cum in my mouth, but I wanted to feel his hot cum on me. I pulled him out of my mouth and began to stroke him harder, faster until he spurted, warm and thick over my face. 

There's just something about the feeling of warm cum against my lips that turns me on, and I could feel my pussy tightening again around Jack's cock and he spanked me hard across the arse before grabbing the back of my hair and pulling me up roughly. It hurt, but at the same time sent pleasant shivers through me as he started to pound me harder. 

I had though Chris would move, but he didn't seem to mind it and when his tongue couldn't keep up with the pace he managed to move one hand to rub my clit, using two fingers in a rapid left-to-right motion. I could feel the sweat building up on my back and up my neck as I got hotter. I was ready to cum again and they both knew.

As Jack came, he slowed his pumping but Chris' fingers didn't slow. He brought me to an orgasm on Jack's cock and once again I felt lightheaded, feeling my whole body tense and shaking. Chris stopped as Jack let go of my hair and I slumped against him.
