 This continues from "Anal at Last". 

* * * * *

The week after we first met and had sex Chrysler (my online lover, now real) took me to one of his favourite clubs... a place that has a bi' night... girls looking for girls, guys for guys, couples for thirds, and crossdressers and beyond invited. We planned to find a girl to put on a show for, and screw like she'd never been screwed before. The guy/guy/girl threesome where everything goes was one of my biggest and most important fantasies, and as neither his girl or mine would go for that, or even understand our different bisexualities, that meant going on a slut-hunt! There was also the possibility of being introduced into his 'circle' this weekend... his swingers' club, something which was potentially exciting in the group sex possibilities it would offer with broad minded, loose moralled and sexually experienced girls & guys.

I met him at his flat about 6 as planned on the Saturday, he pulled me inside and kissed me deeply. I kissed him back instinctively and grabbed his crotch, but was surprised... after all... our meetings were based purely on bisexual lust, kissing a guy still seemed weird to me. I'm glad I'd met him, because if I hadn't I'd still be wondering what it would be like to get fucked in the ass, rather than knowing it was something I liked and could base further escapades on. What the hell, the relationship I had with my girl was on the rocks anyway, and through him I might meet someone adventurous at his swingers' club. 

It was at this nightclub we were going to that he found his way into the swingers scene in Southampton that I wanted to get into. But we weren't going clubbing yet...

He plainly wasn't dressed up to go out, and my trousers were soon liberated from my body, I just had time to get them over a chair so they wouldn't crease. I lost my shirt as Chrysler went down on me, his black lips engulfing my quickly stiffening cock. It was great, I love off-the-cuff sex so much more than planned sex you have time to think about and decide how its going to play out... I just dropped to the sofa and let my head roll back, open mouthed and sighing. I was stiff as a board within 30 seconds and he was pulling that fantastic deep throat trick again. I was amazed, looking down and seeing his dark head right up to my pubes... and FUCK... the incredible sensation. I grit my teeth and tried not to cum... but it became a futile effort as I felt him lubing up my sphincter and moving his whole head back and forth on my prick... taking me all in and down his throat and then pulling back to nibbling on my head. Fucking hell, he was incredible. 

The amazing difference in pressure I felt with the end of my cock forced at an angle down his throat... almost painful, and his tongue providing a nest for the base of my shaft, my nuts hanging on his chin as he sucked wetly on me. He released my prick from his throat and began sucking on my head again and frigging my ass slowly but firmly with a straight finger.

I climaxed as he was licking my hole and finger-fucking me with his well greased finger, firing off my cum into his just-open mouth, coating his big lips. He responded by opening his mouth and taking my head between his lips to catch my second, bigger blast of pleasure, and jamming a second finger into me; making me jump, squeal, and blast another string of hot white fury into his mouth. I'd lasted about 2 minutes before cumming, and started to collapse on the sofa, shaking, sweating, satisfied and ready to return the favour. I could tell by the way he roughly grabbed me that feeding me that big black cock of his wasn't what he had in mind right now. 

Chrysler wasted no time before losing his jogging suit and spinning me over onto my hands and knees, beating himself off as he positioned behind me, and without even a word placed his lubed cockhead in between my ass cheeks and pushed. I yelled in pain as he let himself in, and once again, as the weekend before, that big black dick penetrated my tight but willing ass. He was a lot more forceful than he was the week before, when he took me for the first time, when he pushed his 8 1/2" black meat into me and liberated my anal virginity... this time there was no slow breaking in. He pushed gently until he felt that I had adjusted to his size with a preliminary couple of thrusts, then started to really fuck me HARD; as I would a girl if I was seeking merely my own satisfaction toward the end of a sexual encounter and she had already achieved a level of ecstasy.

"CHRIST!" I yelled as he pushed in deep. "FUCK!... AhhHHhhH!... AHH! AGH! AH!"

He was pumping my ass selfishly, purely to bring himself off, hard, fast, and deep. It hurt me inside, but was nonetheless exciting, and I was still glowing from his blow job.

"Ah... God... Yea... YEAH... you want it... you love it in the ass" more to himself than me.

He held my hips tight and pumped in and out of me hard, being turned on by my grunts of pain-cum-enjoyment while letting out loud sighs of his own. My eyes opened and closed as did my mouth with the sensation... here I was again, just getting fucked... fucked right up the ass, Christ it hurt but felt so good, I really was getting a good seeing to. Chrysler really did have a big cock and he was giving me all 8 1/2" with little mercy, slapping right into me hard and fast.

My eyes watered with the pain and I did and didn't want to tell him to stop at the same time. It didn't take long before he climaxed himself, maybe 7 or 8 minutes, and he fired off inside me with a grunt, forcing himself really deep in, pubes tickling my buttocks as he pushed all the way in to me... fuck... all in to the hilt, my God it hurt but felt so exhilarating, and then he was filling me up with a wave of heat, and I felt a lovely warmth deep inside me an instant after his cockhead swelled minutely but umistakably as it released its stuff.

He stayed deep, deep inside me as his cock burst 3 or 4 times at full penetration, yelling triumphantly with each escaping stream of cum, and then he withdrew, and collapsed on top of me, sweating and exhausted, leaving my ass hot and throbbing.

"Whoah" I said, breathless and sticky.

"Cool."

"I didn't know you just wanted to fuck me again! Ow! You're too big! Are we going out?"

"Oh, yeeah! I was really horny without Rena last night and all day I had to fuck before we did anything!" He said with abig smirk. Rena was the Swiss girlfriend he didn't want to bring into his swinging. "Sorry, I shouldn't have fucked you so hard."

"Fuck, NO. It was good. Felt fucking fantastic, just didn't expect it! And you ARE big!"

We spoke a bit about him fucking me like that on the spur of the moment, it was a difficult and pretty weird conversation because I did really like it; but I felt a bit odd about being taken for granted and having him ejaculate inside of me. It was strange, I think I tried to tell him I wasn't going to be his bitch or something along those lines, but I'm not sure whether I got my point across. He basically said not to worry about it and that if tonight's club didn't open my eyes, the swingers' club would for sure. 

Anyway we showered off and headed off to the club. Chysler explained that we might meet someone from the swingers club, so if I was propositioned after being introduced not to take it the wrong way, but to offer my services so I got into the 'circle'.

I hoped I might be getting any proposition like that from a girl... I didn't really want to be put in a position where I'd have to drop my trousers in the toilets and get screwed like a bitch! Yes, being asked to show off my cunnilingal skills would be a very nice way indeed to prove my worth to the Southampton Orgy Crowd.

The club was really impressive, a fantastic atmosphere and loads of people dancing really dirty down on the floor. Chrysler took me down to the floor an told me not to stray, he was going to look for anyone familiar. I knocked back a couple of JD's, and emboldened, started dancing with a gothic looking girl who looked up for something. Nice figure with an obvious push up bra, very short black hair and pale skin. Not my usual type, but she looked out of it and up for it.

Anne and I danced pretty close and touchy, and we exchanged tongues as soon as I had the guts to kiss her... I do love holding onto a sweaty back or ribcage while dancing and kissing. It was also the first time I'd ever kissed anyone with a pierced tongue and it was a real and very pleasant surprise, and I couldn't get enough of the foreign body in her mouth. It was great! I was both amazed and startlingly happy when she led me off to a sofa by the side of the dance floor. On the way I made eye contact with Chrysler who was talking to 2 girls and he waved back, smiling knowingly. This was one of those great clubs where the sofas are partially hidden from view... a doorway exposes the middle and you have to peak around a corner to see the edges of the sofa. This allows you to be naughty if you get frisky...

I was amazed when Anne had her hands on my crotch without wasting a single minute, and wrestling with my button fly. She took my hard-on straight into her mouth and I couldn't believe what was happening... fuck... I was getting head in a public place! This was just not the sort of thing that happened to me! I flew onto an emormous sexual high.

Anne took me into her mouth and I flung my head back in pleasure, my sigh was lost in the thrum of the music in the club. I reached over to her thigh and started to stroke her, working my way up to her sex, which I fully expected to be red hot and soaking wet by her manner. The tongue piercing exploring around my cock-head both hurt a little and aroused me no end, amazing what a tiny bar of metal can do... Jeez... a couple of times she tried to push the thing into my hole... God it was exciting... it hurt but it was so damn good. As I made my way to her panties with my wandering hand I was amazed and first shocked cold, and then my face opened into a dirty smile as my fingers discovered about 4" of soft but sweaty cock beneath her white nylon panties.

Anne was a transvestite!!! 

I started to play with her cock. 'Her cock'! It was a guy! Fuck... anyway so I started to play with his cock as he moved his attention to my nuts... Christ... I love having my nuts sucked, and I bucked my whole body as the guy took my entire scrote into my mouth and started sucking on me HARD... and once again that little bar in 'her' tongue was working wonders as 'she' flapped her tongue back and forth at high speed, like I would when torturing a clitoris, but 'she' was impacting the base of my scrote with it... and it was agonisingly enjoyable.

I beat my own prick off and within about a minute of my fragile balls being bitten and tongued felt myself cumming... I pulled the dirty sonovagun off my balls and put my cock into his mouth about 2 seconds before I squirted. 'Anne' beat me off into 'her' mouth as I fed 'her' my sauce, and 'she' swallowed the lot. Man, I love cumming in someone's mouth, and the only thing better than cumming in someone's mouth when they don't want it is cumming in their mouth when they do! 'Anne' literally sucked me dry as I gave 'her' 4 or 5 jets of raw sexual passion in liquid form... my God, it felt wonderful. It was even more enjoyable trying to hide what was going on unsuccessfully from people wandering past our semi-hidden sofa, returning knowing looks, nods or salutes of respect, or pouts of jealousy or grouchy looks of disgust.

My body finally relaxed and I lay back and smiled as 'she' sat up and released my drooping, wet and sticky member from 'her' black lips. I never saw the attraction goths had with black face paint, lipstick, fake tattoos etc. But 'her' onyx lips looked pretty cool around my white cock.

Still smiling, I looked at 'Anne' and enjoyed 'her' look of contentment... I picked up an escaped droplet of sperm from 'her' lip with my finger and licked it off. Still smiling, I put my hand back up 'her' skirt and fondled that cock... it was hard now, maybe 7"... real nice. I'd never blown a guy wearing nylon panties before... and there was a little see-thru wet spot on 'her' panties where 'she' was showing her arousal. They were of course being stretched preposterously phallicly with 'her' hard-on. And what a nice one it was, too.

I did myself up and then lowered my head, parting 'her' legs with my hand and released 'her' dick from the panties that were stretching out of shape as 'she' now had a full length erection. 

I beat 'her' 7" with a loose grip smiling at 'her' with a devilish grin and no doubt lust in my eyes a couple of times before licking the seeping head and then sucking on it, first through open lips, and then properly with the thing in my mouth. 'She' ran fingers through my hair and gave me better access by moving 'her' hips forward, pushing into my mouth. I bobbed my head up and down and tenderly fondled the hairless scrote. This cock was just about perfect, slightly above average in size, really clean, nice and thick, and tasted nice... not sweaty or fleshy, the sort you can just suck and wank and toy with and pleasure for ages. 

Yummy.

'Anne' must've been as horny as I was a few minutes before because 'she' came even more quickly than I did, and it was as my mouth was admiring the shape, size, texture and taste of the head of that lovely 7"; teasing the hole with my tongue and enjoying just sucking on it when without warning it spat all over my tongue and into the back of my throat. I gagged and without thinking swallowed the lovely warm cum, beating the length harder, sucking on it as hard as I could as 'she' spurt again, moving around on 'her' ass uncomfortably as orgasm took over 'her' body and I found my tongue and mouth coated with transvestite spunk. I instantly felt really dirty... I'd just blown a complete stranger and let them ejaculate into my mouth... readily I'd brought it on, let him do it, and then I'd swallowed it like a right little slut! 

And I'd liked it! I didn't feel quite entirely right about the smile I couldn't wipe off my face.

I made my excuses and got up and left, heading for the toilets to wash my mouth out, take a piss I was dying for and try not to look myself in the eye in the mirror. A couple of complete strangers slapped my shoulders as I went, apparently we had had an audience of sorts! Oh God, people had seen me sucking cock in public! I hoped that no one I knew went clubbing to these nights in Southampton... even if they too were of the 'anything goes' persuasion it would still be really weird for anyone to know the extent of my sexual deviations! I decided the next person I had a sexual encounter with had better be female to convince myself I was at least semi-normal!!!

Once in the gents I took a piss, gargled some water and washed my hands thoroughly before deciding the next drink would definitely be a neat spirit, whatever was the strongest they had. It was out of the corner of my eye that I saw Chrysler in a cubicle... I pushed open the door and found a dreadlocked blonde girl with an obvious attitude and a couple of piercings (two in one eyebrow, one through her lip, one through her left nipple and I hope nowhere else) on her knees sucking on his big black cock while dutifully pumping up and down its length with a well manicured hand on the end of a tight wrist and muscular arm. I smiled at the thought of one day fucking an aerobics instructor on looking at the shape she was in, washboard stomach and all. I returned his smile and winked, before leaning toward his ear and whispering

"She was a he!"

His eyes opened wide and he laughed out loud.

"You FILTHY slut!!!"

The bitch on her knees punched him in the stomach and took a hold of the edge of the door.

"FUCK OFF!" she said in a serious voice, then slammed the door in my face and presumably carried on enjoying that most enjoyable member.

On the way out I turned down an offer of the best fuck I'd get all week from a drunk guy who was waving his cock about over the pisser and then in my general direction but was obviously finding it hard to stand without swaying. I headed back into the pulsing music and low lighting of the club in the direction of the bar, and wondered if I'd get to fuck that very hard bodied shapely dreadlocked, metal faced bitch. WOW, she certainly did make me horny. Just what I'd need to shelter my ego from the memory of what I'd just done with 'Anne'.

Shoving aside a couple of randoms at the bar I ordered a double JD with no ice, knocked it right back and ordered another... although the taste of 'Anne's' cum went away, it didn't take my dirty little thoughts of the matter with it. I took a seat on a sofa next to a drunk and very pretty Indian girl and asked if I could join her, plonking myself down and putting my drink on the silver-topped table without waiting for her answer. 

"Of course you can buy me a drink." she said and knocked back my not inexpensive double Tennessee sour mash in one gulp, belched and put the glass back on the table.

"You cheeky little..." I started and then stopped myself.

She was smiling at me, and I decided I liked her style. She could have knocked back the drink, told me to fuck off and then walked away, but instead she brushed her lips with an elegant hand and then belched again. And smiled at me. She was all woman, not like 'Anne'... I could tell from the body language, the tight top exposing a lot of belly, which was pierced with a small ruby, the nice and natural dark skinned cleavage, the womanly hips and butt. Her trousers were tight and I could tell they were a great pair of thighs. Her big, bright eyes were a deep, dark brown colour that a man could easily drown in.

"Sorry, I'm being an asshole. Duke." I held out my hand

"Yannah. And I prefer vodka / lemonade, thanks." she shook. Her hand was warm.

"OK. I'll be right back."

She was, to my pleasure, waiting when I got back with a triple vodka and lemonade for her and a single JD and coke for me. I didn't want to get smashed quite as quickly now. Hee Hee. After initial pleasantries and bullshit, I found out her girlfriend had gone off with some big lary black guy about 10 minutes ago...

"... probably to blow him in the toilets the dirty slut." she smiled, but I could tell she was upset.

"Blonde dreads, pierced here and there and everywhere, attitude, great bod'?" I asked slyly. She looked at me perplexed. I assumed I had the right bitch! "She looks good on her knees, I'll give you that!" I laughed and started to explain I was with the 'big lary black guy'.

Amazingly, this common ground led the way to a reasonably pleasant conversation, and I found that flirting came naturally, which is unusual for me in nightclubs, and soon I had my arm around her, talking closely to her face, and her hand was very comfortably on my thigh. I think it was a case of 'what could possibly go wrong' considering what I'd already been through that night, and well, I think she wanted some attention. After 20 minutes or so we were kissing, I had a hand softly holding one of her perfectly formed breasts through her tight white top (no bra!), she was shamelessly stroking my thigh higher and higher and I felt really good about myself, not only was she pretty and exotic, conversation had flowed easily and it turned out she was a really nice person... heavens' forbid, I think I 'liked' her.

I knew I was on to something good with Yannah when she said I could have her phone # in the morning... oh YEAH! It would be a shame to have to share her with Chysler, but hey, maybe a threesome would be a good, no-BS way to start a relationship. It was as these thoughts and various scenarios were running through my head when she bit my lobe and whispered in my ear...

"I've never done it in a nightclub. There's Fin with your friend... lets march past them to the mens' room!!!" she smiled a really naughty smile at me. "I can be filthy like her!"
