 Kelly always loved trying new and exciting activities. The wilder and more exciting they were, the more she loved them. As she was very attractive with a very sexy body and golden blonde hair, the opportunities for these activities came her way frequently, and she would always get in over her head easily without thinking about the consequences. Her first experience with skydiving is one example of this.

Being the first time she would ever skydive, Kelly decided to wear something she felt very comfortable in. She settled on her white track pants and a t-shirt, both just tight enough to reveal every curve of her beautiful body easily. Having already researched local skydiving clubs, she headed out for one that looked promising.

When she arrived and entered the lobby, Kevin was immediately attracted to her and he introduced himself as the jump instructor. Kelly quickly found herself attracted to him as well, and easily opened up to him about her quest for adventure today. They retreated to his office and after talking for some time, Kelly agreed that a tandem jump was the safest option for her first time. She didn't tell Kevin how excited she was with the idea of having him tightly strapped to her back, and Kevin didn't tell her that he felt the same way. He wanted to maintain the appearance of a professional and skilled instructor.

After completing all the paperwork, the first half of the day was spent training. Kevin demonstrated the proper position to be in during a freefall and practiced ground fall techniques with her, among other things. At one point, another instructor approached.

Trish was very attractive and very tall. As an instructor, she liked to keep herself in shape and with long black hair that had absolutely no curl to it, she looked like an Egyptian goddess. With her slightly baggy shorts that seemed far too short and a very small tank top that revealed her entire belly, Trish seemed to be arousing everyone, male and female. Even Kelly got turned on when she saw her.

Trish and Kevin had known each other for a long time at the club, jumping together often to keep their skills honed. They had a secret attraction for each other but could never bring themselves to admit it. Whenever Kevin saw Trish's incredible smile, he felt like he would melt into a puddle at her feet. He wanted to tell her how much he wanted her but didn't want to jeopardize their friendship. Trish had always felt the same way about Kevin. One of these days, she thought to herself, she would jump him without warning just to see his reaction, but the right time never developed for either of them. She purposely chose her clothing today in an attempt to arouse Kevin, hoping she might get the opportunity she had been thinking about so often. Seeing him with this beautiful blonde today was not expected.

Trish introduced herself to Kelly, as Kevin was speechless. She was obviously off to a good start. He immediately apologized and told Trish about the planned adventure for today. After he asked if she would like to do the pickup after the jump, Trish accepted. She told him to inform her before they take off, so she could watch from the tower, and he agreed. Before she retreated to her office, Trish smiled at Kelly and suggested that they get together for a drink later, so they could talk about her experience. When Kelly eagerly accepted, Trish turned to walk away. Kevin almost forgot Kelly was there as he studied Trish's bare back, so perfect with that light valley running up the middle. When he moved his eyes down, noticing how much of her lower back he could see before he found the top of her shorts, he realized he was becoming sexually aroused and shook his head. He turned to Kelly to say something but noticed she was watching Trish as well. He told her that they should get back to work, and Kelly snapped out of her own hypnotic daze.

After some lunch and a rest, they were ready to go. Being a hot day, Kelly turned down the jumpsuit she was offered. The wind she would feel on the way down, Kevin told her, would be very welcome on a day like this. She didn't want anything bulky between the two of them anyway.

After informing Trish that they were getting ready to take off, Kevin helped Kelly up into the plane. He couldn't help but notice how sexy her body was, to which he would soon be tightly strapped. He definitely wanted to see more of her after the jump. Climbing up after her and closing the door, he told the pilot they were clear and ready to go. The plane taxied to the runway to prepare for take off.

On the way up to the correct altitude, they discussed last minute details and prepared themselves. Kelly stood up and Kevin stepped behind her, strapping on the parachute gear. When he pulled the straps tight and suddenly drew her in against his body, she lost her balance slightly. Instinctively, she leaned forward, pushing her ass firmly against Kevin's pelvis. He tried unsuccessfully to suppress a low moan of pleasure, and Kelly felt the excitement already pounding in her body multiply. He knew the dynamics of tandem jumping, having done it many times, but she had no idea what to expect. The effect of freefalling with someone strapped to her back was the furthest thing from her mind.

When the pilot called out that they were at the correct altitude and nearing the target, Kevin reached in front of Kelly and pulled open the door. She was shocked by the sudden rush of wind and was so pumped with adrenalin that her entire body was shaking. Kevin could feel this and told her to take a few deep breaths, assuring her that she would be fine. She calmed herself slightly just before the pilot called out that they were over the target. Kelly barely heard Kevin count to three before she felt the sudden thrust as he lunged the two of them out the door.

For the first few seconds, she felt a sudden onset of dizziness. Feeling like she might black out, she tightly closed her eyes. Fear had overwhelmed her, completely suppressing the excitement she felt. It took a few more seconds for her disorientation to pass, before their initial tumbling finally settled into the freefall position. The first thing she realized was how hard the wind was forcing her up against Kevin. It felt like twice the weight of his body was pushed against her back.

When she regained the confidence to open her eyes, her mind raced from the sight of the ground so far away, speeding toward her. The fear finally started to subside, giving way to extreme excitement again, and she realized that she had every muscle in her body contracted heavily. Finally relaxing, she felt Kevin's weight lighten somewhat and even feel good against her back. She became suddenly aware that a hard lump was driven into the crack of her ass. Kevin's cock was hard. Her eyes widened, and she instinctively clenched her muscles again. She realized the effect that had when his own muscles tightened against her back.

When Kevin felt her ass tighten, the cheeks on either side of his cock had engulfed it and squeezed it hard. The pressure created a surge of pleasure that shot up through his body to his brain. He jerked his head back so hard that he almost sent them into a tumble but immediately corrected their position. After she finally relaxed, he had no control over the enormous erection in his pants. The bumping and grinding from ripping down through the atmosphere was vibrating her soft cheeks against his cock, now throbbing wildly between them.

In addition to her excitement from the experience of freefalling, Kelly now felt very horny, and realized how wet her pussy was getting in her panties. Every bump and thrust of Kevin's cock against her ass was igniting what felt like small jolts of electricity in her body. The view of the ground below her became blurry in her eyes, and she felt her heartbeat throbbing in her ears. She had never felt anything this intense before and thought she might pop like a balloon.

Kevin kept his eye on the altimeter, watching for the moment when he would pull the ripcord and terminate their freefall abruptly. When they reached the correct altitude, he reached for the buckle by Kelly's chest. The strong wind suddenly forced his open hand up hard against her breast. He noticed that her nipple felt like a small pebble poking into his palm and his heart started to pound. It was strictly reflex when the muscles in his fingers twitched and pressed into her skin.

When his hand thumped against her breast, Kelly was so hot from his cock between her cheeks that she gasped at the thundering wind against her face. Every muscle tightened again and a powerful orgasm instantly exploded throughout her body. It was stronger than anything she had ever felt before and couldn't comprehend what she was feeling. The orgasm felt like it was originating from the rushing wind and wouldn't stop as long as they kept falling. It was so intense and lasted so long that she almost blacked out again.

Kevin felt Kelly's body almost convulse under him and focused his thoughts. He forced his hand away, found the buckle and yanked on the ripcord. Kelly was instantly shocked back to awareness when an incredible jolt slowed their decent. Her head jerked forward and her body shot back, and it felt like everything inside her had just plunged down into her legs. Without the wind howling past them during the freefall, she could hear Kevin's voice ask her if she was all right, but she just couldn't get any words to form. She nodded her head and Kevin tried to remind her of the procedure for landfall. She heard him speaking, but it didn't register. All she could do was look around at the view in awe as she tried to catch her breath. The residual effect of a powerful orgasm still had her body shaking and all she could do was hang limply strapped to Kevin.

When the ground came up very close, she wasn't prepared to support weight with her legs again. Their feet touched down and Kevin prepared to support her, but her legs got in his way and they stumbled forward. Fortunately, the parachute was still restricting their forward motion dramatically. Both Kelly and Kevin placed their hands out when they fell to the ground. The impact was surprisingly light for Kelly until Kevin's weight settled on top of her. She didn't even think about his cock, pressed into her ass again, but only enjoyed the warmth of his body against her back. She realized that they were still strapped together, so she just lied there, completely limp and relaxed.

Kevin asked her if she was okay, but all she could do through her heavy breathing was moan what he understood as a confirmation. Small tugs and jerks riddled through her body as he pulled at the straps to loosen them, and she felt somewhat disappointed when he rolled off her.

Kevin stood up and helped Kelly to her feet, but her legs were still weak, and she fell into his arms. She had not only just had the most incredible experience of her life but also had the most powerful orgasm she had ever felt during the experience.

All of a sudden, adrenalin from the reality of what just happened flooded back into her body. She threw her arms into the air and howled with excitement. All Kevin could do was laugh uncontrollably as she hopping around like a rabbit. She jumped into his arms again and threw her legs up around his waist. Unprepared for this, Kevin fell back and they were lying on the ground again. She sat up and bounced around on his pelvis, and his laughter turned into playful cries for mercy. Kelly realized what she was doing when she felt his hard cock under her ass again and stopped, but she didn't get up. She looked down at Kevin and the first words she spoke for over an hour were orders for him to fuck her.

Kevin was shocked and for a few seconds, he didn't know what to say, but Kelly didn't give him time to think about it. She got up to her knees and started ripping off his pants. He tried to tell her that Trish would be here soon to pick them up, but she didn't care. The thought of getting caught by Trish seemed to excite Kelly even more than she already was. As she pulled his pants down, his cock shot up like an elastic band, and the head even tapped her in the nose. Giggling wildly, she jumped to her feet and threw down her track pants. Kelly jumped on his cock so hard that he thought it was going to poke out through her belly button. She pounded her ass down on his balls, feeling her whole body burst with pleasure. All Kevin could do was lay there while she rode him like a rodeo bull.

Neither Kelly nor Kevin heard Trish pull up in the club's pickup truck. She stopped the truck suddenly and hopped out with her mouth hanging open. From her position, she had a clear view of Kevin's cock thrusting up into Kelly's pussy. At first, Trish was shocked. This was the guy she wanted for so long, and he was fucking this blonde he had just met today. She didn't move or say anything but just watched in shock.

Trish suddenly felt heat rise up from her pussy into her belly. Shock had suddenly turned to sexual arousal. She did think Kelly was very sexy when she first met her and always wanted that opportunity to arouse Kevin, but this wasn't quite what she had in mind. Still, she couldn't resist the urge to have fun with this.

Undetected, she walked around to a position above their heads. Kelly had her head down on Kevin's shoulder, and Kevin facing away from the truck. She moved closer, looking down at them just as Kevin tilted his head back and opened his eyes. His heart suddenly pounded in his chest so hard that he thought it might break one of Kelly's ribs.

His eyes first shot up to Trish's face. When her eyes met his, she smiled at him and he thought his brain was going to melt and come out his ears. When Trish put her arms on her hips and innocently pulled her shorts up slightly, Kevin's eyes dropped down to her legs. She pretended not to notice, or care, that he could see up under her shorts. She had no panties on. Just as his eyes caught sight of her incredible pussy peaking out at him, his body exploded. He felt his cum thunder up through his cock and into Kelly's pussy. His hands shot around behind her and grabbed her ass, forcing it up and down on his cock so hard that his balls started to ache.

As soon as Kelly felt Kevin's fingers deep between the cheeks of her ass and the heat from his cum spread up into her belly, her own body throbbed from another powerful orgasm. Crying out from intense pleasure, she threw her head up to see Kevin looking up under Trish's shorts. She then jerked her head back so she could look up at Trish's face. Trish met her eyes, smiling while she watched Kelly almost come apart both from her orgasm and the shock of seeing Trish standing in front of her.

Trish's pussy was incredibly wet and she almost had an orgasm of her own, but resisted the urge to touch herself. Kevin was still looking directly at her pussy under her shorts and she still wanted him to think she wasn't aware that he could see anything. She secretly knew that he got incredibly hot when a woman teased him and exposed herself but pretended not to know.

When both Kelly and Kevin had almost lost consciousness from their intense orgasms, Kelly finally climbed to her feet. Being completely weak in the legs again, she stumbled, this time into Trish's arms. Trish caught her and was incredibly turned on by how hot Kelly's bare skin was against her own. She didn't reveal this but just asked Kelly sarcastically how the jump was. Kelly quickly drew away from Trish and apologized, claiming responsibility for the incident. She told Trish that she was so excited from the jump that she just couldn't control herself. Relief washed over her when Trish gave her a friendly smile and told her not to worry about it.

Kevin finally made it back to his feet as well, but didn't say anything. Trish just smiled at him and told them that she wanted to hear all about it later when they met for those drinks. Just as she started to walk back to the truck, she shocked them both saying that she should have arrived sooner so she didn't miss all the fun. It was just loud enough to be heard by Kelly and Kevin, and they just looked at each other quickly and moved to gather their gear.