 Four couples, friends for a very long time, had often discussed swapping but not taken any action until recently. The group consists of Paul and Heather, Peter and Marilyn, Brian and Abby, Fred and Mirna. Organised by Heather's mother, Esther, their first group swapping party had been held on Brian's party boat.

Brian called Paul with a question, "Just in case we have another party, I hope we do, I just wanted to mention that I need a week's notice to prepare the boat so I don't stink the place up with fresh paint and varnish."

"Heather and I were just talking about that. The executives of the entertainment committee should meet this weekend, hopefully they will let us men attend too," laughed Paul.

A Sunday lunch was arranged and the four couples met at a restaurant out in the country where they found outside tables with a degree of privacy.

Marilyn opened the discussion, "Anyone interested in another party?"

All hands shot up.

"Same format as before?"

All hands shot up.

"And shall we invite Esther to organise it again?"

All hands shot up.

"On the one hand it was a bit regimented and over organised but a party can quickly break down in to a gabfest and the idea of a porn-video style orgy is not going to work in real life. They are obviously contrived," observed Fred.

"We should just let Esther get on with the planning, assuming she agrees," said Mirna.

Everyone agreed and a date was set.

Two weeks later a buzz of excitement was evident as three couples approached the boat. Esther was already on board with Brian and Abby who had been there most of the day making preparations.

A punch bowl was ready and they poured drinks before wandering around admiring enhancements to the boat and the party setup.

"Thank you for inviting me back," Esther shouted over the excitement, "may I suggest that you take your spouses for a slow dance?

Esther instructed that whenever the music was paused they were each to remove an item of clothing from their spouse until they were left with panties and shorts.

With eight people down to the required level or lack of dress, Esther asked the ladies to go to a small square table and each lean forward on their elbows, legs apart.

"I am going to bring one blindfolded guy over to you at a time. I will guide a finger towards a panty leg of each lady and the object of the game is to identify the owner of each pussy."

Paul went first but a couple of ladies shrieked and the turn was declared void in case he recognised their voices. His next round went smoothly.

"Paul is certain to get the wooden spoon award, all answers wrong," announced Esther.

Peter was next and he concluded with, "Beats me, haven't a clue, I'll go in alphabetic order, Abby, Heather, Marilyn and Mirna."

"We didn't arrange them to be in that order but you should be out buying lottery tickets, all your guesses are correct."

Brian scored two out of four and he never disclosed if it was luck or judgement.

Finally, Fred scored a perfect four and insisted there was no guessing involved because he couldn't possibly forget the anatomical details even if asked again in five years time.

Esther then had the men stand around the table facing out.

Heather was blindfolded and quickly found her hand down the front of the first pair of shorts. 

"Doesn't take much to get this one hard," she commented before moving on to the next guy. 

Her score was a two. 

Marilyn, Abby also scored two, Mirna just one.

"Give your spouse a kiss and then please pair up as Fred and Heather, Paul and Marilyn, Peter and Abby, Brian and Mirna," asked Esther, "panties and shorts off if you like."

"You will have noticed that I have borrowed some handy items. Two portable massage tables, a heated foot bath with massage oils, two charts showing all the Karma Sutra positions and a sex swing. And of course the mattresses from before."

Within a minute or two the massage table was occupied, Paul was massaging Marilyn's feet, Mirna was on the swing while Brian was trying to push it in without pushing her off and Fred was checking the Karma Sutra chart while mounting Heather in a doggy style variation.

By the time Esther declared the round over the couples were all holding hands, on their backs, on the mattresses taking a break.

After snacks and drinks, new couples were formed, this time Brian and Heather, Fred and Marilyn, Paul and Abby, Peter and Mirna.

"I hope you are comfortable with this, let's give it a try. I'm going to suggest role playing. We can abandon it quickly if it doesn't work out," Esther announced.

"Brian and Heather - Doctor and Patient. Fred and Marilyn - Priest and Hooker. Paul and Abby - Real Estate Agent and Client. Peter and Mirna - Professor and Student wishing to earn a higher grade," Esther offered," take some time to develop some ideas."

Brian and Heather were ready and anxious to start. The pulled one of the massage tables away from the wall.

Heather limped towards the table, "I think I have broken my ankle doctor."

"Up on the table, how did this happen?" asked Brian.

"Sky diving. All I did was step out of a door, still three thousand feet is a long way."

"Not many doctors know this but a lot of ankle pain actually originates in the breasts. I am going to massage yours for a while."

"I'm enjoying the massage but the ankle feels about the same."

"Another area to check is the clitoris, just in case the examination is a little uncomfortable get hold of my penis, it will stop you falling off the table."

This was going to be a hard act to follow, the couples yet to perform their skits were in hysterics but worried that their role playing would not be as funny.

Abby pretended to be standing on a street corner when the priest walked slowly by, head down, minding his own business.

"Hey Mister, you looking to party tonight?"

"Good evening, just going back to my hotel, I am planning to read and have an early night. Thanks anyway."

"You will sleep better if we have a bit of fun first."

Abby pulled Fred towards her, burying her tongue in his mouth and gripping his penis through imaginary trousers.

"Your hotel room for an hour or fifteen minutes in the alley for half price?"

The couple walked off holding hands.

Paul and Abby were next as real estate agent and client.

"It's worth 850 easy, yours for 830 for a quick sale," offered Paul.

"800 and not a penny more," responded Abby.

"I can't even take that offer to my client, take it at 830 before she changes her mind."

"830 but before I sign I challenge you to bring me to orgasm with your tongue within 10 minutes."

"How do You know that I will sign if I do that?"

"I will slowly sign the cheque and the contract one letter at a time while you are pleasuring me. I know you are desperate for the commission."

Paul completed the task, and there was no doubt that Abby got her orgasm.

"Thank you, the deals done."

"Not quite, I did sign but my name is not Melody Trump. But I did win the bet - you wouldn't believe how much - that I couldn't get the most uptight, puritanical, priggish clown in town to eat me out."

When the laughter had died down Peter and Mirna were ready with their Professor and Student act.

"I understand that a blow job would raise my grades to a much better level?" Asked Mirna.

"I think you are in the wrong office."

"No, right place, you have been doing it for years."

"How do I know that this is not entrapment?"

"Because you are going to get the blow job of a lifetime and then I'm going to sit on your erection while you massage my breasts. You will not be able to resist me and I am going to leave with the grades I need."

They all cheered as Mirna demonstrated her skills and Paul acted the part of an apprehensive Professor under her control.

"Take your partners to the mattresses and finish whatever you started with them," suggested Esther.

"Finally we have Peter and Heather, Brian and Marilyn, Fred and Abby, Paul and Mirna. I suggest no more games, free time on the mattresses, massage beds, etc and don't forget the drinks and snacks."

Esther had just one more announcement, "At the last party Peter, Brian and Fred came to my cabin and rewarded me for my contribution. It was lovely but I'm getting a bit old for three in a row in one night. I couldn't walk straight for a week! If one of the three would like to come to my cabin later, with full spousal agreement, that would be great. And for the other two, well I'm hoping for more parties.

Fred had an all nighter with Ethel after the last party. Paul was excused as Esther's son-in-law, this left Peter and Brian. They were about to toss a coin.

"Toss the coin, the loser has a half hour quickie and the winner gets sloppy seconds and an all nighter, if you and your wives and Fred agree," Esther invited.

Peter approached the cabin in the bow of the boat. It was freshly decorated with draped net material, thick carpet and LED lights - all in bright red. Esther was on the narrow bunk, naked, legs apart with a Brazilian wax job below a tiny triangle of well trimmed pubic hair. 

"Nice decorating" commented Peter, "and you look pretty good for a thirty year old too."

Nice try, that would make me much younger than my daughter," laughed Esther, "I call the decor Mexican brothel Chinese restaurant fusion. I'm not so sure about the Brazilian, the upkeep might be as troublesome as my front lawn.

Before he had a chance to get on the bed Esther rolled on to her side to face him or more correctly face his cock. She sucked him to full attention while he was standing and then rolled on to her back, opened her legs indicating that she needed oral attention too.

"Wow, no one has hit that spot for a while!" she shouted as Peter tongued her clit, circled and inserted a finger and, the magic part, gently pressed a finger from his other hand against her rosebud.

Exactly thirty minutes from his entry, Peter was admiring the cream pie and, being a gentleman, he used a tissue to keep it from dripping on the bed linen.

"I can't believe I did that, my fourth deposit in one night."

With a kiss, he left the cabin, giving a high five to Brian who was about to take his place in Esther's cabin.

Brian said to Esther, "Based on the sounds we heard I would like the same as Peter had but I am a bit worried about falling asleep on the job as I am knackered."

"Based on the good time I had I was going to relate the details to you and ask for an exact repeat. I'm knackered too, let's cuddle up and in the morning we will do the entire performance - twice."