 As we walked home from our run and a visit to the college's art department my mind kept mulling over one thing Billie had said, which was, "One of Leigh's favorite fantasies are for her to be giving James a blowjob while you fuck her... doggy style."

Intrigued, I had asked, "If that was to happen... what would you be doing?"

Her tantalizing reply had been, "I don't really know... yet. But... I reckon we'll find out tonight..."

When she made the last statement she had a really big grin on her face and her arms were around me. What did the little minx have planned? Did she plan it with Leigh while they were fixing breakfast this morning? Was James aware of their plan?

As we walked and I thought about her plan for the evening, I developed a hard on. This in and of itself was no big deal. However, we were in the middle of a college campus and I was wearing a pair of brief nylon running shorts.

Stepping behind Billie as a group of young people approached earned me a strange look from her and caused her to ask, "What... are you doing?"

I pulled her rump back against me. She looked back over her shoulder at me and wiggled her ass. Laughing, she dropped a hand down and found my erection. The little wench started stroking me!

With a snicker, she asked, "My, my... what do we have here... and what caused this?"

"Thinking about things we were talking about earlier."

"You mean when I was telling you about how I fucked James yesterday?"

"Well, yeah... that... and what you said was Leigh's fantasy..."

"Oh yesss... well, we'll find out tonight if her fantasy will come true."

"Did you and Leigh plan this... huh, party?"

Giggling, "Yeah..."

"James know 'bout it?"

"Weelll... nooo... he may know something by now... but he won't know all of it until tonight."

We then set off for home to start preparing for the evening. The act of walking home with a boner was a little awkward. Fortunately it had subsided by the time we got to the highway we had to cross to get to our apartment. 

When we got home I asked, "Okay, what's the plan?"

Giggling, "Leigh and James will be here around nine."

With a smile I stripped off my running shorts, "Good! We got time to..."

"Put your shorts back on. I want to clean up the apartment a little and we'll need to make some snacks."

A little disappointed and mumbling, mostly to myself, I said, "Snacks my ass... I've got a snack for Leigh all right and I know James just wants to munch on your pus..."

Laughing, Billie gently placed her forefinger on my lips and put me to work.

With the apartment cleaned, snacks made, ice tea and cold mineral water in the refrigerator, lights dimmed and clean sheets on the bed we felt ready. Billie would not let me shower with her... damn it.

After my shower, I came out to find an alluring sight, Billie looked fantastic. Her long brown hair was pulled back in a French braid and hung down her back. She smelled of soap and shampoo; no make up, barefooted and, as usual, no panties.

She was wearing a light yellow sundress in a very revealing open weave. A strap around her neck held it up. It was cut with a deep-v ending just below her naval. There was no back. The hemline ended just above mid-thigh. There was very little cloth but lots of skin.

Coming up to me she put her arms around my neck and asked, "What're you wearing tonight?"

"Ocean Pacific shorts and a black tee shirt."

Billie hugged me and whispered, "Are you going to be okay if I fuck James?"

"Why wouldn't I be? You've fucked him before... a number of times, if I recall."

"You've never watched me fuck anyone... I've told you about it and you've watched me suck off a couple of guys... but you've never actually watched me fuck anyone."

Thinking back, I asked, "I haven't?" I guided her hand to my cock, "What do you think?"

Giggling, Billie stroked it and said, "Okay... hmmm... maybe we got time for a blo..."

There was a knock at the door. I dodged into the bedroom to put on my shorts and tee shirt. When I came back out lithe Leigh came flying at me like the Tasmanian devil. Her rapid-fire speech would make you think she was empty headed; she's far from it.

Despite her parent's negativity about her attending college, Leigh had studied hard and obtained a scholarship. She had finished her first year of school on the Dean's list. Well read and articulate she could hold a conversation in any number of subjects. 

I braced myself, as it appeared this slender energized dynamo was going to jump into my arms. She stopped about eighteen inches from me. Standing straight with her hands down by her sides she stared up at me with her big sky-blue eyes.

Her lower lip between her teeth, no make-up and a spray of freckles across her nose made her incredibly endearing. We just stood there looking at each other for a few moments. She was wearing what appeared to be a blue tank top modified into a form fitting dress.

Thin and gauzy, cut low in front and under her arms with the hemline ending just below her butt, it was extremely revealing. I liked it... a lot.

Whispering, Leigh asked, "Did Billie tell you about my fantasy?"

Tracing my fingers over her shoulders and down her arms, I answered, "Yes..."

Looking past her at Billie and James I noticed James had his arm around Billie. His hand dropped behind her; the skirt of her dress was hiked up, the lips of her pussy were just barely visible. Billie's eyes met mine; there was a hot smoky look to them.

With a playful smile, she spread her feet slightly and pushed her bottom back against James' wandering hand. Billie gave a minute jump, smiled and wiggled; indicating James had found his target and had probably slipped a finger into her hot snatch.

Leigh's warm right hand drew my attention back to her. She had discovered the head of my cock protruding out of the left leg of my shorts. With its head nestled in the palm of her hand and her fingers reaching up under my shorts, she started stroking me.

Sliding my right hand down her back to her bottom, I tickled her. Leigh straddled my right leg, gently rocking her bare, moist pubic mound against me. I used the thumb of my left hand to flick her nipples. She kissed me.

Pulling back from me and looking me in the eye, Leigh removed her hand from my cock and slowly licked the pre-cum from her palm. Lightly kissing the corner of my mouth she whispered, "It's time for my fantasy."

Turning our attention back to Billie and James we were met with an erotic sight. Billie had turned and braced herself against the wall. Her forearms supported her, her legs were spread wide and her butt was arched back to meet James' fingers as he finger fucked her.

James was using the fingers of his left hand to hold her open while he used the fingers of his right hand to finger fuck her. Billie's head was resting on her right forearm looking back at us as we watched him ravish her with his fingers.

She had a naughty smile on her lips and a bemused look in her eyes. Her hips would move back as James thrust his fingers in her. Relishing this intimate act, she was in her own world. With the shadows cast by the dim lights, everything appeared surreal.

Leigh moved up behind James and reached around him. Holding him to her she unbuttoned his shirt and then unfastened his pants. Reaching in his trousers she pulled his erection out and worked it with both hands. She whispered in his ear.

James eased his fingers out of Billie, turned and looked at Leigh. Smiling Leigh took his pussy-slimed fingers and slowly sucked one finger at a time into her mouth, cleaning them of Billie's juices. She then led James off toward the bedroom.

I moved to Billie. Turning she placed her arms around me. I held the little sex kitten and kissed her, whispering, "Honey... that was... beautifully obscene."

Billie softly laughed, "It was... wasn't it... I... I haven't felt this wanton since the beach house party... Honey... the way I feel, right now... anyone could fuck me... and I would willingly accept it..." 

Then softly, " I... I want a cock in me so badly... any cock... Will... will you fuck me...? I... I don't want to make love; I want to be fucked... We can make love later..."

Holding her face in my hands I kissed her again... long, tender and deep. Her body language was screaming, 'fuck me'. There was a sexual hunger, a need surrounding her. I reached behind her and untied the bow holding up her dress; it floated to her feet.

Trembling she put her arms around my neck, her warm breasts brushing against me, her hardened nipples tickling me. I embraced her, enjoying her nakedness, her sexual arousal, and her special scent. Oh how I loved her! I wanted her so bad; I was aching! 

Leading her to the sofa we were about to lie down when Billie said, "No... no... I promised to make Leigh's fantasy come true... but afterwards... afterwards you and I can make love."

Laughing, I nuzzled her breasts, "Did you forget you said you wanted to fuck James?"

Eyes wide, she giggled, "Oh...! Huh, yes, I'm planning on fucking him... after Leigh's fantasy. I want both of you... I want the two of you to fuck me, and then... I want... I want Leigh and James see you making love to me and making me cum." 

Caressing her we walked into the bedroom to find Leigh fully engaged in sucking James' cock. When she heard us she looked over at me and wiggled her naked ass. She was in position ready for me to fuck her... doggy style.

In an excited whisper, Billie said, "Go on... do her... fuck her!"

As I prepared to mount Leigh I was a surprised when Billie took my dick and rubbed it up and down Leigh's wet slit. She used her fingers to spread Leigh's pussy open and gave me a little nudge, urging me to fuck her. I pushed in.

With a yelp, Leigh took it. James' cock dropped out of her mouth, as I started deep stroking her. With her face rocking on James' abdomen she was muttering, muddled unintelligible words.

Watching us, Billie skillfully started orchestrating our efforts in Leigh's debauchery. Whispering to me, "Go slow sweetheart... she needs to adjust to your size... slower... go deep and hold it... good... oh, you should see her face..."

She spoke softly to Leigh, "Suck him Leigh, this is what you wanted, take James' cock and suck him deep while you get fucked by my husband..."

Moving over to James, she whispered, "Let her work you James... let her suck you ... let her do the work..." she kissed him and nuzzled his neck and ears before returning to me.

Slipping her left hand between my legs she cupped my nuts. With her right hand flattened she slipped it between Leigh and me, circling the base of my cock with her thumb and forefinger. She started to slowly and softly stroke me in time with my thrusts.

Her breath in my ear, she whispered, "Watch her... watch her arch her butt back to meet you. She loves it... now, rub her pussy..." I slid my fingers through Leigh's pubic patch and down into her cleft, finding and lightly strumming her clit, like a guitar string.

Leigh was ecstatic, she started wiggling, squirming and thrusting back. Allowing James' cock to drop out of her mouth she moaned, "Oh fuck! D... don't... s...s... stop..." she took him back into her mouth.

A slow blush crept up her neck to her face. There was a heat emanating from her pelvis. Her pussy muscles had started contracting and releasing me. She was softly grunting around James' cock. 

Leigh's feet and toes started scrabbling for purchase on the sheets, her back arched to take me in as deep as she could. Her forearms flat on James' thighs, her hands were gripping his hips as she bobbed her head and deep throated him.

James was lying on his back. Billie crawled up onto the bed and had James sit up so she could slide behind him. With her back against the headboard and her legs on both sides of his torso Billie cradled James as he sat back against her.

She dropped her hand to his cock and stroked it while he slowly fucked Leigh's mouth. Billie made eye contact with me, she smiled and mouthed, "I love you..." James was making as much noise as Leigh. 

Billie's eyes were still locked with mine as she mouthed, "He's going to cum..." she took James' chin in her hand and turned his head so she could kiss him. Her warm, naked body cradling him, her deep kiss and Leigh's blowjob was too much for him.

Grabbing Leigh on either side of her head he thrust his hips up until Leigh's nose was buried in his pubic hair. As he jetted his cum down her throat, Leigh didn't miss a drop. She gagged and gulped, taking everything he had.

Thrashing in Billie's embrace, with Leigh's mouth locked on his dick, James was in ecstasy. Leigh was being bounced around; all I could do was hold onto her hips in attempt to keep my cock planted in her until he was finished cumming. 

Leigh collapsed onto James' abdomen; I started deep stroking her. With her face in his pubic hair and her shoulders resting on his thighs I took her right hand and guided it to her pussy. She started caressing her love bud; she then brought her other hand into play.

She was making little noises as she pleasured herself and I fucked her. Her orgasm started as a small tremor and built. Her pussy was clutching and releasing me as she banged back against me. Her bucking, thrusting orgasm took me with her.

Punching my cock into her as deep as it would go and holding her hips tightly back against me I exploded in her. My orgasm re-triggered hers. We were two grunting and growling beasts. We were part of a pile of four hot, sweaty, horny, fucking animals

I collapsed on her back breathing deep. As I slipped out of her she continued to take pleasure in smearing and rubbing my cum all over her pubic mound and pussy. She would dip one finger into her dilated puss and extract more cum.

A few minutes later she rolled over onto her right side and brought her cum coated hands to her lips. With a delicate flick of her tongue she tasted our combined juices. Leigh then started masturbating James' cock and rubbing his balls with her cum slicked hands.

Billie extracted herself from behind James and I got up off the bed. We wrapped our arms around each other and watched the two young lovers explore each other. Leigh had her face buried in James' crotch, which she had slavered with the cum from her pussy. 

Crawling up James' body Leigh positioned his renewed cock to enter her. She pressed him into her and started a slow rock. Her face looked as if it had been painted with spunk. Apparently it didn't faze James as they were locked in a deep kiss.

Taking Billie by her hand we went into the bathroom. I started the shower and we both got in. As we washed, we touched, we kissed, we caressed and... we just held each other. Nothing was said, nor needed saying, our love for each other spoke silently for us.

Drying each other off we exited the bathroom. Leigh and James were locked in a post-orgasmic embrace. Leigh was on top of a lightly snoring James. As we walked out of the bathroom she opened her blue eyes and gave us a warm, happy and very sleepy smile.

Without saying anything we returned her smile and we went into the living room. Our old, battered, third-hand sofa was a sleeper-sofa. We moved the coffee table and opened it up. Billie always kept sheets on the old, lumpy mattress. She pulled me down on it.

Snuggling her warm and naked body to me she said, "... Make love to me... please... I want you in me so bad..."

Holding her, caressing her, I asked her, "Should I go get James?"

"... No... I want to make love... not fuck... If I wanted to fuck, then you could go get James and both of you could do me... but... I want to make love... I want you... just you to make love to me."

We started kissing, touching, exploring. My hand caressed her abdomen and slid down between her legs. She was very wet. As I worked her she swung around and started nuzzling my pubes and cock; she took me in her mouth.

Releasing me and with a soft giggle, she said, "I can smell Leigh on you."

I started to apologize but she interrupted, "Oh, don't worry about it... it's... it's not bad... it's actually rather nice. If I was gay... or bi... I would probably be extremely aroused by her scent..." 

She softly giggled again, "... it's not the first time I've had a cock in my mouth that smelled of her..." still giggling, "and... it probably won't be the last."

Pulling her around I attempted to return the pleasure. She stopped what she was doing and said, "Nuh huh... fingers, just your fingers..."

Returning to my digital exploration I worked first one, then a second finger into her; I started finger fucking her. While she continued to mouth and nuzzle my cock, she placed both of her hands over mine.

Together we worked her pussy, she guided my hand and fingers as I kneaded and probed. Lying besides her I watched as her belly undulated, her hips rocked up, She mashed my hand into her harder. Her nipples puckered and hardened, she was gasping for breath.

Watching her orgasm was something to be treasured. Her whole body was involved. With her eyes closed, nostrils daintily flaring, lower lip between her teeth and color flooding her face she shook from head to toe; a light perspiration broke out over her body.

Coming down from her sexual high she pulled me on top of her, she guided me to her opening and thrust her pelvis upward, taking me in. With a small whimper she implored me, "Now... make slow, deep love to me..."

Our lovemaking was slow, tender and caring. There is a feel to making love that isn't there when you just fuck. It's goes deeper than the physical; it's a meshing of the mental and the emotional state of mind, it's an acute awareness of love for each other.

Billie's arousal allowed her to have a series of small, continuous orgasms. Each one built on the last. As the intensity mounted she became more and more vocal. As the... big one hit... she took me over the edge with her. We clasped tightly to each other.

Panting, hearts pounding we held each other until our rhythms duplicated and meshed with each other. Pulling out of her I lay beside her. Facing each other with Billie's left leg up over mine... we smiled and gently kissed. 

Snuggling up we placed our foreheads together and stared into each other's eyes. Continually touching, caressing with light kisses we spoke with our silence. Words aren't always needed when you love each other.

Eventually, I asked her, "What made you change your mind?"

"You mean about the two of us making love rather than the three of us fucking?"

"... Yeah..."

"I... there was... it was..." after several false starts, Billie took a deep breath and said, "While I was against the wall and James was finger fucking me all I could think of was getting a cock in me... any cock... one in my pussy and one in my mouth.

"It was just like I felt at the beach house party. Oh, how I wanted to be fucked so badly that night... and... as I told you... I... I was. To this day I don't know exactly how many guys I did... I... I reveled in it... I was sooo wanton... and wanting more...

"Then... then when we were in the bedroom together and I was watching you fuck Leigh... it dawned on me... I really only wanted you, I wanted you to make love to me...I wanted to be loved, not fucked."

Listening to my wife, my love, tell me this was heart warming. I wanted to hold her all night long. To feel her pressed against me, to feel her warmth, to just look at her, to listen and let her know I heard whatever she had to say. 

Nuzzling her, inhaling her fragrance, caressing her, I softly asked, "Do you still want to fuck James tonight?" 

Her answer was as soft as my question, "No... not tonight... later, but not tonight."

Billie pushed me onto my back; she swung her hips over me and arranged my renewed erection with her wet, slick opening. Totally in control, Billie worked me up into her tight puss. 
