 Was she wearing knickers? I couldn't help but wonder as I watched my secretary, Carol, bend over to retrieve a file. It could be a g-string I thought. Yes, that was the most likely option. 

For some reason my wife had been a bit on the jealous side when I told her about my new secretary. 18 years old and fresh out of school, long blonde hair and glowing blue eyes. Her figure was fantastic, slim waist, pert arse and a cleavage that was distinctly eye-catching to say the least! That wasn't why she got the job of course, but by anyone's standards she was gorgeous! Of course, I told Marie, my wife, that she was too short for me. That made her feel a bit better, well, it stopped her from going on about it so much anyway!

"There you go. You've got about an hour before the meeting to flick though it." Carol passed the file over to me and waltzed out of the room, slim hips swaying. What did height mean when you were horizontal anyway I wondered?!

The shrill bleep of the phone dragged me out of a pleasant daydream where Carol was lying naked on my desk. 

"Hello?" 

"Hi darling, its me!" 

"Hi, Marie." Did she know what I was thinking or something?!

"Just thought you'd like to know... I'm at home." I could guess what was coming here. I got up and tried to lock the door without Carol hearing the key turn. 

"Yes?"

"I decided not to go into work today."

"I guessed." I replied.

"I wanted to tease you instead.... I want you to picture me on the bed Craig...."

"What are you wearing?" I asked, wondering if I could loosen my trousers under the desk.

"That white lace set you like so much...."

I could barely utter a reply. She knows how much I love her in that! White lace stockings and suspenders with matching g-string and bra. Delicious. ...

"I'm lying on the bed Craig, I've got my legs spread for you... I'm stroking my fingers up my legs, the stockings feel sooo smooth and silky... I've reached the tops of my stockings.... stroking my thighs, mmmmm, that feels good, wish you were here to watch me baby!"

"God, I wish I was there too!" was all I could managed as I struggled with my zip with one hand. "Carry on!"

"One of my hands is stroking my breasts Craig; I'm squeezing my nipples through the lace... My other hand is stroking my pussy now baby, through my panties... God... that's good... wish it was you... pressing the material into me... so wet!"

I managed to get the zip down and pulled my cock out under the desk.

"Are you stroking your cock baby? Is it nice and hard?" She asked

"Oh yeah..." I gasped.

"Good, because I'm pulling my thong to one side... Oh god, I'm so wet. If you were here you'd slip into me so easily... I want your cock inside me baby... My fingers are rubbing my clit nice and slowly." She gasped with pleasure on the other end of the phone and my hand speeds up. Its times like this when video phones seem like such a good idea!

"Imagine me Craig, lying on the bed, legs open wide, wearing my white lace... Has that got you hard?"

"Yeah, very!"

I very nearly come when I hear a buzzing on the other end of the line.

"You hear that baby?" She asks.

"Oh yes." I confirm.

"Its that black vibrator Craig, you know, the nice thick one." I know the one all right, she knows how much I love watching her with it!

"I'm running it over my clit at the moment darling...mmmmmm... wish it was your tongue though... You want me to slide it into my pussy Craig?"

"Go on darling, make yourself cum for me." I'm trying to keep my voice down still, I don't really want Carol overhearing and trying to come in!

The buzzing disappears.

"Oh yeah... god... so good... its right inside me Craig... ah... its soooo big... feels soooo good!..." I'm on the edge of cumming now. I can't take much more of her teasing.

"Can I cum Craig? Can I make myself cum? Please." Her voice is deep and throaty now; I can tell from her breathing that she's very close.

Not that she has to ask!

"Go on baby, fuck yourself with the vibe until you cum."

She screams as the toy buzzing inside her makes her cum. I swear Carol could have heard her!

"Stop." She commands.

"What?"

"Stop stroking yourself. Now!"

"But baby..." I stutter. "I need to cum. You've turned me on so much!"

"Yeah, I know, but I don't want you to have to do it by yourself."

"I've got a meeting in 40 minutes though, and that'll last at least an hour, I can't wait that long!" I exclaim.

"Then get Carol to suck you off. You've got time."

"What?!" I can't keep the incredulity out of my voice. I must be hearing things!

"You heard me. Is your door locked?" 

"Yeah, of course!" I reply.

"Unlock it. I'm about to call your secretary. One condition though."

"What's that?" I still can't believe that this is happening... Or going to happen.

"You bring her home after the meeting." 

When I manage to contain my excitement enough to speak I agree. Not that I think Carol will agree, but as Marie hangs up I do up my trousers and try to quietly unlock the door, wondering what will happen now. 

I nearly jump out of my skin when there is a knock on the door.

"Come in!"

Carol walks in. 

"I've just had Marie on the phone."

"Right." I couldn't really think what to say.

"She said that you're really horny right, now, you fancy me and you want a blowjob."

"Ah, look, I can explain..."

"Is it true?"

"Well... yes... but..." I stutter.

"Good. I'm going to give you the blowjob of your life." This wasn't the shy and quiet Carol I thought I knew! "Open your trousers." 

I did so while she locked the door again and took the phone off the hook. 

"Take your cock out." She licks her lips as I do as I'm told. "Stroke yourself slowly while I strip."

"Okay..." I reply, taking my cock in my hand again. I had to be careful; I was rather close to coming!

Her blouse came off first, sliding off her shoulders to reveal a sheer white bra holding in those gorgeous breasts. My hand sped up a little as her skirt slid down, answering my mental question as she span round to show me how good her arse looked in the tiny white thong.

I let go of my cock as she moved towards me and knelt between my legs. It didn't matter if this was going to be the best blowjob ever, or the worst, I was going to come very quickly! But then she took a firm grip of the base of my cock, grinning up at me.


"Marie told me to give you a blowjob." I grinned inanely. "She also told me not to let you come." 

"What?!" I exclaimed. "No!" I was incredulous, how on earth was I going to survive the meeting in half an hour? I briefly considered nipping to the toilet for a little handy relief, but then remembered that Carol was coming home with me...

She didn't reply to my exclamations though, she just popped the head of my cock into her hot little mouth and started sucking. As she gripped the base of my cock her mouth moved up and down my shaft, I groaned as I felt her tongue flicking over the tip. Somehow, she managed to keep me from coming for 25 minutes as she sucked me. I was absolutely exhausted by the time she finished, my face contorted in an expression of pleasure. But I needed to come so much!

"Please!" I begged.

She laughed and gave me a quick lick on the tip of my shaft. "Later darling! I wouldn't want to disobey Marie if I was you, you don't know what she's got planned." 

I could only nod dumbly, wondering what on earth had been discussed in that phone call, and what my wife was up to.

"Time for your meeting I think!" She said as she popped my cock back into my trousers and started pulling her dress back on. I couldn't take my eyes off her body as she got dressed, this meeting was going to be hell.

"See you soon!" She giggled as she swished out of the room, leaving me frantically looking for the right files...