 **Thanks to Master Exploader for editing**

*****

"No, I'm not," Marlon confirmed.

"Marlon, it's just I... I can't trust you when you're like 100 miles away," Rachael replied.

"Yes you can, I would never do that too you."

"Well, I don't believe you."

"I don't know what to tell you," he replied. "So are we meeting up?" There was nearly a minute of silence.

"I want to break up," she said.

"What?!" Marlon retorted.

"Don't get mad again."

"Fuck you Rachael! First you accuse me of cheating when you have no proof, and then you want to break up just because you have the feeling that I'm cheating?"

"There's no way you haven't been. I knew this was a bad idea dating a college guy. They have all those girls around."

"I don't do that," he replied. "We said we'd be exclusive, and I'm not going to lie about that."

"I always feel like you're holding back when I'm talking to you on the phone."

"Again, I don't know what to say. I call you every day to talk. I tell you everything I do. I don't know how to be more open."

"Yeah, about that... I told you I don't like you having so many friends that are girls."

"They are just friends. It's not like this is a boys only school, I'm going to see girls. But I tell them I have a girlfriend."

"I still don't like it. You shouldn't study with girls."

"You don't trust me?"

"No I don't. That's why I want to break up," she replied.

"Fine," Marlon replied. He was sick of arguing over a losing battle. "But we're over, no calling back. I don't want to talk to you again. If you don't trust me then I don't want-" 

"Wait, Marlon-" she interrupted.

"No. Let me talk now. Thank you so much for this. For opening my eyes to what a dumb heartless bitch you are. I was actually going to break up with you last month because you were constantly questioning me and never trusting me, but I was hoping that you would get past whatever issues you have. But now I see it was just a waste of time. Someone must have really done you over to make you so fucking suspicions," he sighed, "and so we break up, on my birthday no less."

"Marlon I'm sorry."

He hung up the phone.

***

Marlon sat restlessly in class, staring at the teacher, but not really paying attention. He looked around the room and noticed Madison, one of the hottest girls in class, sitting a few rows behind him. She had her raven-black hair styled in curls. When she looked down to Marlon she gave a small wave and a smile.

The bell rang and the class started to disperse. Marlon walked over to her as she was leaving.

"Hi Marlon," she smiled. Next to her was Brooke, an attractive girl with dirty-blonde hair. She frequently flirted with Marlon and although he was attracted to her, he had never acted on any of her advances, because he was in a relationship. The young women were talking and giggling. He hadn't known the two were friends.

"Hey ladies, how are you?"

"Fine," Madison replied, her face straightening as she recovered from a laughing fit.

"Good," Brooke said with a smile.

"Look, I wanted to talk to you... girls, to see, if we could get together."

"Really?" Brooke smiled. She looked as if her dream was coming true.

"Yeah we could meet back at my dorm about 9."

"Tonight?" she asked.

"Uh I don't know," Madison said, looking to Brooke.

"Come on, I want you both there," Marlon said. "I have something I want to celebrate."

"What is it?" Brooke asked.

"Do you girls like to party?"

"Definitely," Madison replied. 

"But what do you have planned?" Brooke asked.

"You'll have to be there to find out. Come on, it's my birthday," he said to Brooke.

"It is really?"

"Happy birthday," Madison said.

"Yeah it is. Thanks Madison."

"Alright I'll go too," Brooke said with a grin.

"Great, see you girls tonight."

***

"Come right in ladies."

"Thanks," said Madison. She wore a puffy white jacket and a short black skirt with heeled brown lace-up boots.

"From both of us," Brooke said, as she handed Marlon a tall paper bag. Brooke was dressed in a loose pink turtleneck sweater with large gold hoop earrings and a pair of tight gray jeans. 

"Thanks," he said setting it down on his desk.

"Open it," Brooke said.

Marlon took out a bottle of liquor.

"How did you know I love vodka?"

"A little bird told me," Brooke smirked, "It's from Iceland, supposed to be real good."

"Guess we should try some."

Madison took off her jacket and set it on the chair in front of Marlon's desk, revealing a white button up blouse with no sleeves and frills down the center. Madison was thin and had a very attractive face. She could probably make it as a model if only she was taller, Marlon thought as he unscrewed the bottle and got some plastic cups.

"Go ahead and sit on my bed if you want," Marlon said after noticing Brooke look around the room.

Marlon's room was organized with a twin bed on each side and desks against the far wall from the door, on either side of the window. There was also a mini-fridge and microwave near the door.

Marlon handed everyone about a shot-sized portion of vodka in a cup and then raised his own to his lips. He left the liquor soak into his mouth for a few seconds before he swallowed.

"Mmm, that's good."

Brooke coughed as she took a small sip.

"Wow," Madison said, her voice sounding a little hoarse after she swallowed the vodka. 

"Too strong?" he asked.

"Yeah, but I like it," Madison smiled. 

"It's smooth for vodka," Brooke admitted. "So Marlon, why did you invite us over?" Brooke asked, putting her hand on his arm.

"Well... I was supposed to go out tonight for my birthday, but things fell through. I figured I'd celebrate my own way instead."

"Which is what exactly?"

"My roommate hooked me up something special." Marlon put his hand beneath the bed and pulled up a plastic baggie of weed.

"Now you're talkin'," Brooke said with excitement.

"Oh here we go," Madison laughed.

"What is it?" Marlon replied.

"This one's a pot-fiend," Madison said, pointing at Brooke.

"No I'm not," Brooke said with a shake of her head. "I only smoke a few times a week."

Marlon opened his desk drawer and pulled out a rolling paper. He put in a bit of weed and rolled up a joint.

"I don't smoke that often," Marlon said opening the window. "Maybe a few times a year."

Marlon lit it, took a long drag and coughed before passing the joint to Madison. She took a hit and held in her breath as she passed the joint to Brooke. Madison coughed quite a bit as Brooke took a drag. Brooke passed it back down the line and Marlon started pouring more drinks.

They took several hits each, nearly silent for nearly a minute as the smell of weed filled the room and slowly wafted out thru the window.

"Damn that's good," Brooke said. She held the burning joint up with a smile. Madison made a move to grab it, but she put the joint back in her mouth.

"Greedy bitch," she said with a laugh.

Brooke coughed and handed it past Madison to Marlon with a devilish grin.

"Fine," Madison said with an annoyed laugh. She took her cup of vodka and finished it.

Brooke giggled suddenly.

"What?" Madison asked.

"Marlon do you know Jessica Kensington?" 

"Nah, who's that?"

"She's a prissy girl that lives in our dorm."

Madison pressed the tip of her nose up and giggled. 

"Maddy and I were in the bathroom about a week ago and Jessica started sniffing all around asking everyone what the smell was coming from the stall at the end. She said it smelt really familiar, but she just couldn't place it."

Madison was smirking at this point of the story.

"She convinced us to go over. I was expecting some terrible smell, but it was just a bit odd and yeah, I didn't know what it was at first. I looked over and Madison looked like she was going to laugh. Then I realized what it was. We both told Jessica we had no idea but... it was..."

"Semen," Madison whispered. 

"She had sat on it. Some guy must have finished there after doing his girlfriend in the stall."

Marlon smiled and the girls laughed.

"I need some real smoke," Madison said. "You wanna?"

"Nah," Marlon said.

"Really, weed only? OK, fair enough," Madison said, tapping her cigarettes against her hand. "Balcony?" she asked Brooke, grabbing her coat.

"Sure," Brooke replied.

"I'll go out with you, I need some air," Marlon said.

They went down the hall to a small door that went to a short and narrow balcony. Madison had trouble lighting her cigarette because it was quite windy.

"Let me," Marlon suggested. Madison handed him the lighter and he gently took the cigarette out from her lips and put it into his mouth.

"What are you-?"

He pulled up the bottom of his shirt and put his hand with the lighter beneath his shirt, and up towards his chest. Then he leaned his head forward and pulled up the top of his shirt with his other hand so the cigarette was between his chest and the shirt. He was able to light the cigarette easily in the area under his shirt that was protected from the wind. Madison enjoyed the view of Marlon's abdominal muscles.

He passed the cigarette to Madison, who smiled and took a long drag before puffing out a billow of smoke.

"I wish I could quit," she thought out loud.

"Have you tried?" Marlon asked.

"Too many times," she confessed.

"I just quit actually," Marlon replied.

Brooke shivered in the cold air. 

"When?" Madison asked, taking another drag from the cigarette.

"It's been about a week. My girlf... ex-girlfriend smokes. Actually I started because of her. But I really don't want to talk about that."

"I'm sorry," Madison said.

"Don't be."

"So are you like off all women who smoke?" Madison said with a raised eyebrow. Marlon gave a wan grin.

"I haven't decided."

She expelled smoke from her nose.

"It's funny," Brooke smiled.

"What's that?" Marlon asked.

"Oh? Umm, didn't you smoke a lot with your ex?" Brooke asked Madison.

"Yeah it was bad. I smoked twice as much when I was with Sam."

"How about you Brooke, you didn't come out to smoke?" Marlon asked.

"I only smoked once," she replied.

"Didn't like it?" he asked.

"No, but I still like the smell," she said.

"Yet you smoke pot," Madison replied.

"Yeah, but that's different."

"It's still putting something in your mouth and sucking," she grinned.

"Maddy," she laughed, pushing her friend in the shoulder.

"I didn't think you'd be a pot head," Marlon grinned.

"I'm not really,"

"Sure," Madison winked, dropping the cigarette to the floor and crushing it beneath the toe of her boot.

"Whatev," Brooke said. 

Marlon smiled.

"Let's go back inside, I bet your getting cold," Madison said to Marlon as they walked to the door. He was only wearing jeans and a T-shirt. Marlon opened the outside door for the girls, letting them into the hall.

"So you done anything else?" Madison asked as they entered the dorm room and sat down on the bed. She grabbed a cup.

"Whatchamean? Like crack?" Marlon asked. He had gone to the fridge and started pouring rum and coke drinks.

"No," Madison giggled. Brooke sat down next to her after grabbing the roach and the lighter from the window seal.

"What then?" Marlon asked sitting next to Madison. He handed out the drinks.

"I mean like other stuff. You take Molly?"

"Once or twice," he admitted.

"Yeah I bet you were one of those kids in high school that always partied with the in crowd," Madison said.

"Maybe."

"You look like the type," Madison replied.

"What does that mean?"

"Well like..." Brooke replied, pausing to take a hit of the joint.

"Jock type and..." Madison said, before drinking the rum and coke.

"Hot..." Brooke said softly.

Marlon chuckled, sipping his vodka straight.

Brooke's face became red.

"What?" Madison asked.

"Brooke, you're beautiful and Madison, you know you are too," he said putting his hand on her bare thigh. "Are you telling me you girls were the perfect angels in high school?" he asked mockingly.

"Sure," Madison smiled.

"Well..." she coughed, "I got a tattoo."

"What?" Madison said.

"Yeah I... my ex got it for me Junior year. He was going to college and we both got tattooed the night before he left."

"Where is it?" Marlon asked.

"On... my butt," she said.

"Can we see it?" Madison said.

"What? No! Why?"

"You can't just tell us you have a tattoo and not show us," Marlon replied.

"No way," she shook her head.

"At least let me see it," Brooke said.

"I shouldn't have even told you."

"Come on, it's just a tattoo," Madison argued.

"Fine."

"Yay!" Madison said with glee, clapping her hands at the small victory.

Brooke sighed, unbuttoning her pants. She turned away from Marlon and pulled her pants down below her tight but small ass. He was surprised that she was wearing thong panties. On her right ass cheek was a blue butterfly.

"Nice," Madison said, nodding her head to Marlon with a smirk. Brooke pulled her pants back up and buttoned them.

"So you never got a tattoo before?" she asked Madison.

"Nope, never did. How 'bout you Marlon?"

"No. My friends and I on the high school football team back home were going to get one, but the coach found out about it, so it never happened."

"Hmm," Brooke replied., "well I never smoked pot or drank in high school."

"Guess I'm the bad egg then," Marlon said jokingly.

"Nah, a tattoo is much more rebellious," Madison smirked.

"Shut up," Brooke replied.

"How about sex?" Marlon replied.

"Uh what?" Madison said.

"Did you have sex in High School?"

"Yeah," Madison laughed.

"How many boyfriends did you have in high school?" Marlon asked.

"Three."

"How many did you go all the way with?"

"Uh, no comment."

"What? I thought we were sharing. I don't mind answering how many girls I had."

"That's not a fair question," Madison replied.

"Why?"

"Well because if a guy has a lot of sex in High School he's a stud or whatever, but if a girl does, she's labeled a slut."

"That's true," Brooke replied.

"I'm not gonna do any judging. And that was in High School, and in college it's well known that people have sex, so what's the big deal?" he shrugged.

"How about you tell us first?" she said, handing him a drink.

"Fine, I had two girlfriends in high school, and yes I slept with them."

"What about non-girlfriends," she said, taking another sip of the mixed drink.

"What about them?" he replied.

She laughed.

"And you Brooke?" Marlon asked.

"In high school? I had... four boyfriends."

"Really?" Madison said.

"Yeah I got my heart broken a few times, and a couple guys broke up with me as soon as they got in my pants."

"That sucks," said Madison.

"Yeah it did, but I learned a lot. I try just to have fun now and not worry about the serious stuff too much."

"That's cool. I'm pretty much the same way. I got my heart broken in high school too," Marlon admitted. 

"Your ex that smoked?" Brooke asked.

"No it was my girlfriend before her. We lived across the street from each other as kids, but we broke up because her father was really strict. He didn't like the idea that she had a boyfriend. He caught us having sex once... Anyway, he forbid us to be together and, although I really loved her, I think the whole experience was good for me. I mean... I'm not in the right place for that love stuff right now. It's college now, and I just want to experience life without so much... shit getting in the way."

"Fuck drama," Brooke said, raising her cup.

"Fuck drama," Marlon agreed.

"Fuck it," Madison said, raising her cup.

"Cheers," Marlon said. They drank whatever was in their cups down.

"So what do you want now?" Brooke asked, sitting on the other side of Marlon and putting an arm around him.

"What I want is," he smiled and held up a bottle of vodka, "to let loose and have a good time on my birthday. No drama."

"Why don't you lay down then," Brooke said.

"Uh, ok," Marlon acquiesced. Madison got up from the bed, but as Marlon lay down against his pillow he pulled her down with him.

"Hey!" she laughed. Marlon smiled, as she lay against his left side, wedged against the wall, she rested her hand against his broad chest and blushed.

"The birthday boy gets the next shot," Brooke said, taking the bottle of vodka from the desk.

"I see what this is," he said as Brooke handed the cup to Marlon and got up on the bed, kneeling next to him. "So you're going to get me drunk to have your way with me?"

"Maybe," she giggled. Marlon looked down at Madison's long beautiful legs, her short skirt leaving little to the imagination.

"I'm ok with at."

"Ok then, down the hatch," Brooke laughed.

He shook his head and then downed it, the girls cheered in response.

"Woah that's good," Marlon said as Brooke took the cup away and set it on the ground. She lay next to him, sandwiching him between herself and Madison. 

"That make you feel better?" she asked, putting her hand on his chest next to Madison's. Marlon could feel Brooke's large breasts pressing against him in her sweater.

"This does," he said putting his arms around the two girls. They giggled.

"I bet," Madison smiled. "So what do you want to do now?"

Marlon was silent, he just smiled and lay his head back.

"Oh, whatever you girls want, I thought this night was gonna suck because of what happened with my girl- ex-girlfriend, but both of you... I'm glad you're here."

"We're glad to be here too," Madison said, rubbing his chest. Marlon saw her put her hand beneath his shirt and press against his stomach. He then turned to Brooke who locked eyes with him. As he felt Madison push his shirt up and rub over his abs Brooke blushed, briefly closing her eyes. Marlon moved his face closer to hers and she reciprocated. They kissed deeply, their tongues intertwining.

"Nice six pack," Madison said as she rubbed. She looked up to see the two kissing, and cooed, "Ooooo."

As Marlon pulled away Brooke blushed profusely.

"Stop it," she laughed.

"Damn this is nice," Madison said continuing to rub up to his chest.

"Wow," Brooke said putting her hand to his bare flesh.

"Look who's talking," Marlon said, grabbing Madison's breast.

"Me?" Madison said. "Look at Brooke's," she said, grabbing her chest.

"Uh.. stop," Brooke sighed.

"Come on show those big things," Madison pleaded.

"Uh.. no."

"It's ok," Marlon said, his face looking serious.

"Alright," she said, blushing. Marlon helped her pull up her sweater and her shirt revealing big breasts covered in a lacy white bra. 

"Damn," Marlon said with a smile.

"See I told you. If I had breasts that big I wouldn't hide them," Madison laughed.

"Well, now it's time for the birthday boy," Brooke explained as she pulled up his shirt. Madison helped her take it off his muscular frame. When they were done they began feeling across his wide chest. Brooke began kissing his rock hard stomach as Madison and Marlon started kissing.

"Damn you're a good kisser," Madison panted.

"You're not so bad yourself," he said. He grabbed her thin shirt and lifted it over her head. She wore a white demi-cup bra that pressed together her orange sized breasts, making some major cleavage.

Madison pushed her hands down to his belt and began unbuttoning it.

"Come on Brooke, help me with his pants."

The girls pulled his pants down to his knees. He wasn't wearing any underwear.

"Woah," Madison said.

Brooke's mouth dropped open, and then a smile grew across her lips.

"What?" Marlon said.

"That thing's huge," Madison said.

"Damn huge present for me, but it's your birthday," Brooke smirked. "Guess you're unwrapping us."

Marlon chuckled as she put her hand to his cock. His thick dick was semi-hard and already quite long. Brooke looked into Marlon's eyes and then back down at the big cock that she had begun pumping.
