 We'd fantasized about it for months.

'The risk has to be real...' every time one of us said those words it would start a discussion; it was crazy, we agreed, but our hearts would start beating as we talked, and we'd become more and more aroused. Great sex would follow.

We made a pact. We would go through with it; not some watered-down version, but the real thing. I told Nita we'd still have the option to tone it down slightly on the day; she nodded and smiled, and asked me to make the arrangements.

++++++++++++++++++

I walk her to the door of the club, an expensive, exclusive swingers' club in a nearby town. She's wearing a gold halter-neck top, gold strappy sandals with 5" heels and black holdup stockings underneath a short skirt. She looks immaculate with her hair styled, makeup and nails professionally applied and a black velvet choker at her neck.

I'm so proud of her as we take a bottle of red wine and two glasses to one of the informal seating areas. She lights a cigarette and we take our time sitting down; we want everyone to get a good look at her. She loves to smoke to emphasise her inviting lips, her posture and femininity. I still can't believe my luck that she's with me; so beautiful, but so adventurous. If she's nervous she's doing well to hide it.

We sit on a sofa and I pour her a glass. 'Thanks, darling,' she smiles, taking a gulp.

Another couple take the sofa at 90 degrees to ours. They smile and we respond. The place seems to be populated by attractive, professional couples; I point out to her that there are also several single men dotted around.

We chat to the other couple, enjoy our drinks, walk around, socialise, dance. It's a nice atmosphere, relaxed but with obvious sexual tension. It's still early but we want to take the initiative so I grab the bottle and glasses, take her hand and we walk to one of the bedrooms. There's a large bed, lots of pillows, subdued lighting and a door that can be locked, but we leave it open.

We kiss by the door. I take off my shirt, shoes and pants; she drops her skirt and raises her arms for me to remove her top. She looks wonderful; matching black lace bra & knickers, stockings and heels.

We kiss. I ask her if she's still OK with it. I always love the rich taste of red wine and cigarettes on her breath; it reminds me she's a warm, ripe woman who enjoys indulging her urges, who likes to do the things that make her body feel good.

'Oh, God, yeah...' she replies.

I can see faces through the door. It's not at all creepy; one or two couples discretely watching us. I kiss her neck, unclip her bra, expose her pretty boobs. She pulls down her panties, lets them fall to her ankles and steps out of them.

I'm naked now and bring her to the bed. We talked about how we'd do this; I pile up the pillows and semi recline on them, and she sits between my legs, facing the door. I bring her down onto my chest and she turns her head so we can kiss luxuriously. I whisper in her ear that it's time for a little company. I stroke her breasts gently and I can feel her heart beating as she enjoys showing herself off and anticipates what's going to happen; what we've dreamed of for so long.

***********************

For months we've fantasized about her having unprotected sex with strangers, and the risk of becoming pregnant. It started innocently; a chance comment by a girl in a porn film we were watching together had us both hot. 'Don't cum in me, I'm not on the pill...' We both responded and it was obvious from the start we were excited by that risk. We watched it again while I fucked her, that line triggering a simultaneous orgasm. Over the next few months we talked, watched videos, had amazing sex, always with pregnancy risk at the heart of our enjoyment.

We didn't want to start a family, at least not yet. We didn't even know if we could; she was using birth control pills anyway. But there was something about the danger that intoxicated us. We agreed she should stop taking the pill; from now on I would withdraw, cum in her mouth or on her tits. It's amazing how strongly you want to cum in a woman's vagina when you are no longer allowed! We had some wonderful sex this way but we soon started to have darker, kinkier thoughts, leading to our current situation.

I gently part her knees. She shifts slightly and spreads her legs wide apart, letting everyone see how swollen and ripe she is. I smile and motion to the couple at the door that they should join us and they eagerly agree. They're a good-looking mature couple; the lady, a redhead, kneels beside her. 'Oh, you're so gorgeous, honey...' She kisses her and kisses me, while her husband kisses and strokes my lady's inner thighs.

I hear Nita ask the woman 'do you mind, can your husband fuck me, please?' Then, to the husband 'fuck me, please...'

The woman grins, wide eyed. 'Sure, honey! Wow, you're keen... Bill?'

He doesn't need asking twice to fuck my beautiful young brunette, and drops his pants, his thick cock fully hard for her. He takes out a condom but my girl looks at him, and his wife, pleadingly. 'Please, do you mind? We're clean and we have never done this before. Can you please fuck me without a condom?'

The couple make eye contact, eyebrows raised. The redhead lady speaks first, smiling. 'Well, sure, if that's what you'd like...'

He puts the head between the smooth, swollen labia and pushes; she is so aroused there is little resistance and she gasps as his full length slides into her. I feel my cock surge precum; the lady grins and reaches for my cock, stroking me and whispering. 'You like watching your pretty girl get fucked?' She unbuttons her blouse and pushes her scented cleavage into my face. My hand travels up her skirt; there are no knickers to impede my progress into her wetness.

As Bill fucks my lady she groans and sighs, enjoying every minute and every inch. His breathing starts to change and her eyes open; I sense she wants to push it to the limit and I warn her. 'Nita...'

She puts her hands on his buttocks, encouraging him just a little longer, before saying the words. 'Please don't cum in me- I'm not on the pill...'

It sends him over the edge and he pulls out just in time, both her hands on him as he spurts over and over on her belly and boobs. We all giggle; my lady looks more beautiful than ever, and the redhead takes her husband's place between her legs, licking his cum from Nita's warm midriff.

We chat and drink. Another couple joins us, and a younger, single guy. I stand, enjoying being naked with the two fully dressed mature women, the redhead and a well-built blonde woman in red lipstick. They push me onto a sofa, taking turns to kiss me and suck my cock. The blonde is dirty and slides her finger into my anus. 'You like that? Would you like me to put my vibrator up there? I bet you would...'

The other two men are double ending Nita on the bed, no sign of condoms. I wonder if she'll have the self control to insist they withdraw before cumming, and it's so fucking exciting. They swap; that's three naked cocks in her unprotected cunt so far, all seeping rich pre-ejaculate into her. It's too much; I jolt, spunking violently into the redhead's mouth, with the blonde's dirty mouth on mine, talking her filth the whole time.

'...I'm not on the pill...' The guys swap, my lady moaning as the younger man ejaculates into her mouth, the blonde's husband pumping away at her pussy before pulling out and jerking off onto her flat tummy. Once again the redhead obliges, sucking the guy clean and lapping at my girl until she's clean too. Cum is obviously her thing.

Nita is in heaven. She's had several crushing orgasms and just about managed to prevent any of the guys cumming in her, but it's clear she's pushing it further and further each time. Word has got around; two more men turn up and she presents herself on her knees for them to fuck her in turn. 'Don't cum in me...' The blonde makes her red mouth available as the first guy pulls out, and she shares the treasure with the hungry redhead. The second guy withdraws slightly sooner and presses his head against my Nita's anus; hearing no protests he slowly pushes in as she whimpers. At last she feels a pulsing, spurting cock deep inside her; he pulls out and the cum flows down her distended lips and she moans at the feel of it, her fingers instinctively moving to her vulva. I stop her just in time, kneeling behind her. If she fingers any of it into her it's going to end up in her uterus when the next guys fucks her. I put my tongue in her and lick, sucking her clean all the way to her rosebud. She's so hot; I ask her if she's sore. 'A little... but it's amazing!'

'I know baby...'

More couples and men come and go, eight cocks have fucked Nita so far. We know there's a risk each time; precum contains sperm cells, and these men fucking her as hard and deep as they can don't have to ejaculate to impregnate her. What would we do if she became pregnant? I tried to remember how long it is since her last period; about two or three weeks, I think. She's getting more and more excited, struggling to control herself as she acts out her deepest fantasy. 'Don't put a condom on... Fuck me bareback... Please do not cum in me, I'm not on the pill and I'll get pregnant...' Again, I cum, as she says those words while a tattooed, bespectacled young brunette strokes my cock.

More men come and go, and eventually the inevitable happens. A tall, muscular black guy is on her and she's enraptured, his cock the biggest by far. Her body moves against him, her hips working to ensure she takes every inch of his virile shaft, her legs wrapped around his and her hands on his buttocks as they kiss hungrily. Eyes closed, mouth open, she tries, tries so hard to resist. 'Pill... Don't... Oh, don't... Inside me...'

But it's futile; he's not stopping, and Nita doesn't want him to. Nor do I, or anyone else in the room. She looks at me, briefly. There's been an unspoken desire between us since the beginning of our fantasy, as if we both knew and accepted she would abandon herself to this most primal of urges, to be fucked pregnant; fucked pregnant by another man while her husband watches. She lets out a hoarse, orgasmic shout, clamping onto him as he pumps his cum through her cervix, deep into her womb, coating the walls of her fertile uterus. 'Oh God, fuck... No...'

The guy smiles softly, holding the last few thrusts in her for several seconds. 'Oh yes, baby. Oh yes.'

Nobody notices me jerk myself off for the last time.