 No one uttered a word. There were no words to utter. Kelly had almost been thrown into the truck by Trish and was now seated between them, staring out the windshield. She was almost unaware that she had one hand on Trish's leg and the other on Kevin's with a fairly tight grip on them. Her heart was pounding, her body shaking, and her breathing shallow and rapid. She could almost feel the blood in her body heating up and rushing through every vein. Her pussy throbbed so hard that it felt like there was an external device in the seat causing it. The anticipation of being with Trish was so strong that it was almost frightening.

Kevin didn't know what to think. From what he saw on the dance floor, he wondered if he was even invited to this feast. That was the only word he could come up with to describe it. The thought of what they might do with each other was driving him crazy. Did they even want him there? There was only one way to find out. He drove as quickly but safely as possible to Trish's place. He was aware of Kelly's hand on his leg, squeezing so hard that it almost hurt. The sexual energy coming from both of them was almost like a heat lamp on the side of his face. Even if he was only allowed to watch these two women devour each other, he would be satisfied.

Trish appeared to be much calmer than Kelly. She was very successful at hiding her feelings, but on the inside, her blood was boiling. This very instant, she wanted to suck all the juice out of Kelly's pussy. She forced herself to maintain control. She would make Kelly pop like a balloon soon enough.

The first and only words spoken broke the silence like a clap of thunder. Kevin jumped and almost lost control of the truck. Trish ordered him to drop them off in front of the building and park the truck. She gave him the lobby door key and said she would leave her apartment door unlocked. Kevin's excitement grew when he discovered he was at least invited, so he took the keys and nodded in compliance.

Trish leaped out of the truck and dragged Kelly out along with her. As Kelly's ass lifted from the seat, the throbbing in her pussy increased and reached down into her legs. They almost buckled when she applied weight to them. Kevin watched for a few seconds as Trish almost carried her to the door, then parked the truck and headed into the building. When he opened Trish's apartment door, his feet froze in place while his body kept moving forward. He almost fell on his face. On the plush rug in the middle of the living room, the two women were totally naked. Trish was on her back with her legs pointed in his direction, and Kelly was looking at him with lust in her eyes. Still on her feet, she was squatting down on Trish's face, her ass completely engulfing it. Kevin's heart almost stopped.

In only the few minutes it took Kevin to park the truck, the two women had their clothes off before the apartment door closed. Trish turned and threw her arms around Kelly tightly, diving into the hollow of her neck and kissing it passionately. Kelly cried out in pleasure, releasing what she had been almost unsuccessful at supressing during the trip to get here.

Trish then pushed Kelly down onto her hands and knees on the thick rug and jumped down behind her. She pushed her mouth so hard into Kelly's wet pussy that her nose had slightly penetrated Kelly's hot asshole. Kelly almost screamed in pleasure and felt like the skin on her entire body would burst into flames. Her first of many orgasms throbbed up through her abdomen to her brain.

Trish was like an animal feeding after hibernation. The taste of Kelly's pussy and the heat from her ass drove Trish wild. While she reached back and drove her fingers into her own pussy, she sunk her tongue into Kelly's as far as it would go. When she slid it back out, she replaced it with her lips and sucked the juices up. She pulled away slightly and took a deep breath in through her nose. The smell of Kelly's hot ass in her nose went straight to her brain, and with a long heavy moan that vibrated in Kelly's pussy, Trish had her first of many orgasms instantly.

Kelly was so horny that she got aggressive easily and rolled Trish over on her back. She jumped on top of her in a 69 position and raised Trish's legs. The moment Kelly's tongue touched Trish's clit, Trish cried out in pleasure. Kelly sunk two fingers into what felt like wet velvet, and a third finger penetrated her hot asshole. While sliding them in and out of both holes, Kelly could feel the muscles contract and tighten on her fingers. She then pressed her mouth over Trish's clit, sucking it gently in between her lips. When she dropped her body down firmly on top of Trish, she felt her stomach muscles twitching almost violently. Kelly could almost feel Trish's pleasure flowing into her own body.

Just before Kelly heard the apartment door open, she jumped up to her feet in a squatting position, sitting her ass down on Trish's face. Trish stuck her tongue straight out and Kelly rode it like a small wet cock, repeatedly pressing her ass down against Trish's nose. At that same instant, Kelly saw Kevin walk in and another orgasm rocked her body. She forced her eyes open so she could look up at Kevin and came so hard that her juices could be seen running down Trish's tongue into her mouth.

Moving his eyes down over Trish's incredible body, Kevin's desire for her grew with every detail. The skin on her neck was soft and smooth. Her nipples rose high on her luscious breasts. He watched for a moment as the muscles in her abdomen contracted rapidly. As her fingers worked their way in and out of her pussy, her legs twitched rapidly. It looked like she was having many small convulsions. She was obviously experiencing intense pleasure from having Kelly cum on her tongue.

When Kevin was aware of his heart beating again, he reached down and started rubbing his cock through his pants. Kelly looked down at him and ordered him to get that over here so she could suck it. Kevin ripped off his clothes and stood directly over Trish with one foot on either side of her. She was still unaware that Kevin was there. Kelly leaned forward and took his cock into her mouth. She threw both hands around to his ass and pulled him in deep. Kevin's knees almost gave out. He reached up to Kelly's head, placing his hands just behind her ears and started driving his hips in against her face. Kelly let out a heavy moan that he felt vibrate through her lips on his cock. When Kevin looked down at Trish's amazing body underneath them, he felt a sudden increase in pleasure and almost came in Kelly's mouth. She seemed hungry for his cum, as she was slightly shocked when he pulled away. He didn't want to explode just yet.

He jumped down between Trish's open legs, knowing he was still undetected by her. Without any prior contact from Kevin, the first thing Trish felt was a sudden presence inside her pussy. Her entire body contracted when Kevin plunged his cock deep into her. Only then did he press his entire body down on top of Trish. Taking one of those hard nipples into his mouth, he teased it lightly with his tongue. When she arched her back, he wrapped his arm under her and hugged her tightly. Trish was again breathing through her nose and heavily moaning up into Kelly's pussy. Her body burst into a powerful orgasm when she felt the heat of Kevin's cum flow up into her belly.

Kelly pushed herself back, sliding off Trish's face. When Trish saw Kevin looking deep into her eyes, she cried out his name like he was the first man she had set eyes on in her life. His heart felt like it had stopped again.

Kelly was now on her back upside down to Kevin and breathing heavily. When Kevin slowly withdrew his cock from Trish's dripping pussy, Trish got up and crawled slowly to Kelly. She turned over and dropped her ass down on Kelly's face so that she could look down between her own legs and see Kelly's eyes. Kelly was so wildly excited when Trish ordered her to lick her asshole that she immediately complied. Her tongue shot up and not only licked but penetrated slowly into Trish's asshole. Trish threw her head back and shreaked in delight.

Kelly had never done this before. Trish's asshole was very hot on her tongue, and even the taste was wild. She loved the effect it had on Trish when she pushed her tongue up into it. She felt it tighten erratically, and the cheeks of Trish's ass squeezed against her face. The amount of pleasure she was giving Trish made Kelly almost euphoric. It was the most erotic sensation she had ever felt.

Kevin became so excited from watching this that he jumped up and forced Trish to suck his cock. It was still wet from being in her pussy, and he was already hard again. Trish eagerly took it in down to his balls before closing her lips around it, then drew back and sucked the juices into her mouth.

Looking up at Kevin, Trish told him that she wanted him to fuck her like this over Kelly's face. When she looked down into Kelly's eyes, they were wide open. Trish leaned back as Kevin dropped down and placed his legs on either side of Kelly's head. Spikes of pleasure were already jumping up her back from Kelly's tongue sliding in and out of her asshole, and she had to have his cock in her pussy at the same time.

Kevin's cock was throbbing. He looked down into Kelly's eyes, then leaned forward and slowly slid his cock into Trish's wet pussy. Both Trish and Kevin could hear Kelly moaning heavily under them. He easily pushed his cock all the way in and twitched slightly when he felt his balls press against Kelly's nose. He maintained a slow pace as he stroked the inside of Trish's pussy with his throbbing cock. Kelly matched the stokes of his cock with her tongue in Trish's asshole.

Trish's eyes were open but completely glazed. She was looking directly into Kevin's eyes, but seemed focused on something miles away. Each time he slid all the way into her pussy, her whole body twitched and a quick gasp of air was drawn into her lungs. Every stroke was igniting a small but potent orgasm inside her and sending pleasure straight up to her brain.

Trish finally collapsed. She fell back, lying face up on Kelly's body. As she did, both Kevin's cock and Kelly's tongue were pulled out. Trish was still twitching heavily as if still having orgasms from an imaginary cock and tongue inside her. It was the craziest thing that Kevin had ever seen.

Kelly was so horny that she jumped up and pushed Kevin down on his back. She hopped up on top of him and repeated the scene from earlier that day. Kevin grabbed her ass and lifted his hips, thrusting his cock up into her wet pussy.

Trish had regained her energy and looked over at Kelly's ass. Deciding to return the favor, she crawled over and plunged her tongue into Kelly's asshole. When Kelly bucked and squealed, Kevin threw his arms around her back and held her down against him. While he continued to thrust his hips up, driving his cock deep into her pussy, Trish matched his strokes with her tongue in Kelly's asshole.

Kelly's breathing almost stopped. She thought she knew how good Trish was feeling from this until she felt it herself. Spikes of what she compared to electrical shocks screamed up her spine and rattled her brain. Her vision went blurry and her eyes started to cross. Even every hair seemed to be vibrating their way out of her head. She tried to move and couldn't. Kevin had her in a tight hug and Trish held her legs down. Her entire body burned with a pleasure she had never felt before. Kelly now endured her own repeating orgasms with every stroke Trish and Kevin made.

When Trish saw Kelly's cum streaking down the shaft of Kevin's cock, she wanted to pull it out and suck him off. Pushing her off Kevin, Trish noticed how limp Kelly was and sat up to examine her. Kelly's head kept jerking to one side, as if being slapped in the face repeatedly. Looking down into her slightly crossed eyes, only a distant glare could be seen. Kelly started mumbling softly. It sounded like she was speaking in an unknown ancient language but eventually became more coherent, whispering how incredible that was.

Trish was sitting over Kelly, looking down at her when Kevin jumped up to his knees. He moved to a position in front of Trish, directly over Kelly's face. He still hadn't cum and was ready to burst. Kelly looked up and focused on his cock and moaned softly at the sight of her own juice all over it.

Wanting to taste all that sticky cum on it, Kelly sprung back to life and pulled Kevin's cock down into her mouth. He leaned foward over Kelly's chest and spread his knees apart. When they slipped out too far on the thick carpet, his weight dropped suddenly on her face. His cock drove all the way into her mouth and his balls pressed against her nose. Every muscle in his body tensed and he thought he would cum that instant. He pulled his knees closer together again and started fucking Kelly's mouth.

Kelly didn't even care if he shot his cum straight into her throat. Reaching up to grab his ass and pull him down harder, she actually wanted him to cum. Trish spun around and laid down between Kelly's legs. She positioned herself so that her ass was over Kelly's pelvis, then reached up behind her to pull Kevin's head down. As soon as he leaned forward, Kelly wrapped her arms around his back and pulled him firmly against her body. Kevin's hips bucked hard against Kelly's face, driving his balls into her nose. The moment he buried his face in Trish's ass and felt the heat of her asshole on his nose, Kelly tilted her head back to take him even deeper into her mouth.

Kevin instantly felt as if the bones in his body were melting. Trish was reaching behind her, pulling his face into her ass when he exploded his cum deep into Kelly's throat. He felt Kelly arch her back, and one of her hands moved back to his ass. She grabbed it hard and slipped her fingers deep between his cheeks. With each thrust into her mouth, he felt a burst of cum throb out through his cock, and a wave of pleasure intensified his orgasm. Kelly swallowed it all and kept sucking him hard until he stopped moving. He slowly rolled off Kelly onto his back, looking over at her blurry face. She was breathing heavily and licking her lips.

Trish hopped around and gently kissed Kelly on the mouth. Kelly stuck her tongue out and Trish closed her lips around it, sucking it into her mouth. The sensation Kelly felt from her tongue being sucked in between Trish's lips almost blurred her vision again. After kissing each other deeply for several moments, Trish rolled over onto her back.

They continued throughout the night, being careful not to repeat the same act twice. They wanted to experience everything they could for the first time together. When daylight finally came, no one could move. Not only was there no energy left, but the muscles in their bodies just wouldn't function. As they all laid in bed cuddling together in positions they couldn't move from anyway, they realized how important it was to surpass limits from time to time. The pleasures that lay beyond those limits were too wild to ignore.

Eventually, both Kelly and Kevin moved into a big house with Trish and together, they shared expenses. To this day, they still abolish all limits for a night of carnal pleasure. They have never been more content with their lives.