 Previously:

Marlon's girlfriend had broken up with him early on the morning of his birthday. She accused him of cheating, but he had never cheated on her and his girlfriend had nothing to base her accusations on. Marlon invited two girls, Brooke and Madison over to his dorm room to 'party' and he had spent the last hour or so fucking them silly until his downstairs neighbors Amanda, Jen, and the dorm RA (Resident Assistant) Jainey had knocked on his door.

* * *

"What's going on?" said Jainey, a young attractive black woman who was trying to look Marlon in the eye, but ended up staring down at his dick while she spoke. "Amanda and Jennifer were concerned you were making a bit too much noise while they were trying to study."

"I admit that we were doing some loud... activities," Marlon said, his hand rubbing down his muscular abs to his pubes, right above large dick.

"Actually it was just Jen that wants to complain, I don't mind the noise," the pretty blonde girl, Amanda, corrected. Amanda had a sexy hourglass figure covered in pink velour pajamas.

Jen scoffed as if she felt cornered by her roommate. Jen stood behind the others, her face flushed red as she avoided looking at Marlon's cock that was nearly dripping with pussy juice. She wore a baby tee and short shorts that accentuated her petit figure.

"I'm not usually such a stickler, but..." Jainey looked past Marlon to his bed where two naked girls were passed out. "Are they ok?" she said with a raised eyebrow.

"Exhausted," Marlon said. "It's my birthday you know. You ladies are welcome to party too if you want," he said.

They were silent, but it was clear by how Amanda looked at Marlon that she was interested. Before she could reply, Jen spoke.

"No thanks," said a bit high handedly, "Right?"

"Yeah I guess we have to go down and study," Amanda sighed.

"Too bad," Marlon replied.

"Girls why don't you go downstairs. I have to investigate any alcohol. Dorm policies are very strict on underage drinking you know."

"Come on you, gonna get all legal on me?" Marlon asked, putting a hand to her hip and pulling her in close.

"I may have to punish you," she said with a slight smile.

"I can't wait," Marlon replied.

"Let's go," Jen said, pulling Amanda's by the arm. Jainey grabbed Marlon's cock, leading him back to the bed after closing the door.

"Fuck this thing's huge," Jainey said.

"You want to give it a test drive?" Marlon asked, "or are you just going to look for alcohol?"

"I may need some to loosen me up before I see if this fucker will fit in my mouth," she smiled, stroking his cock to full attention and picking up the bottle of vodka from the desk.

"Shit, I've been wanting to fuck this ass since welcome week," he said. He grabbed her butt over her long skirt and pulled her next to him, so that his cock was pressed against the cleavage of her ass. She turned her head to flash Marlon a grin before taking a large swig of the vodka. When she turned to face Marlon she started kissing him deeply. He pulled up her dress, and pushed her to the bed. Marlon massaged her ass while Jainey jacked his dick with both hands.

"Let's use the other bed," she said, and grabbed the vodka again, taking another drink of vodka. "This one is a little full," she laughed, looking at the girls collapsed there.

"Is that Brooke?" Jainey said as she set the vodka back down on the desk. Marlon pulled out her breasts from the low-cut dress.

"Yup," he said, his face kissing between her softball sized-tits.

"I didn't know she had a tattoo."

"Nice, no panties and you're already wet," Marlon said, rubbing his cock along her outer lips right below a thick triangle of pubes.

"Fuck you're so hot," Jainey said, running her hand along his hard muscular torso, "do you have a rubber?"

"Yeah, in the desk."

Jainey maneuvered away from Marlon and opened the desk drawer and took out a box of magnum condoms. While she was at the desk Marlon licked his fingers and started probing her pussy. She grabbed one of the condoms and opened the pack with her teeth. Then she rolled the latex down his rock hard dick and lay down.

"We have to be quiet," she said. "Or the downstairs girls will come back."

"You better be ready," he said, pushing his cock slowly until he had shoved over two thirds of thick dick meat into her tight snatch.

"Ohhh god!" she cried. "Is it too tight?" she asked.

"Nah, nice and wet," he smiled.

"Fuckin' big dick," she moaned in pleasure. "Yes, fuck me!"

"Damn girl," Marlon moaned. "Here why don't you ride me?" he said, pulling out, and laying down on the bed.

"Oooh! Fuck!" she cried as she sat down until nearly his entire cock was inside. "Shit you feel so good Marlon," she moaned. She rested her hands on his wide chest, and her hips went up and down over his dick, her ass bouncing as she rode him.

He started thrusting up into her pussy as she went down, causing her to cry out in pleasure at each thrust.

"Fuck!" she screamed. "Oh God that's good. Keep fucking me." Marlon grabbed her ass and held her up, thrusting his hips while his balls slapped against her cunt.

"Oh God, oh God!" Jainey cried. "I'm gonna... shitttt!" she screamed as her pussy squeezed his dick tightly.

"Yeah girl," Marlon smiled.

"Fuck your cock is so nice," Jainey sighed.

"Let's do doggy," Marlon said as he set her down.

Jainey braced herself against the bed, her butt up in the air.

"Fuckin' beautiful round ass," Marlon said with a slap to her round rump.

"Thanks," Jainey giggled.

Marlon grabbed her ass and licked up her pussy and then across her asshole.

"Oh shit. Yes, lick that fuckin' black ass," Jainey said between clenched teeth. "You want to fuck it?" Jainey asked emphatically.

"Oh yeah," Marlon smiled, putting the tip of his dick to her tight hole.

"Shit, go slow with that huge thing," she warned. "Let me spread it," she said. She rest her head on the bed and looking back towards Marlon, she spread her butt cheeks with her hands. "Is that better?"

"Nice," Marlon said, pushing forward. Her butt was incredibly tight.

"Fuck!" she said as he pushed in the first inch, the tip halfway inside. "Wait..."

"Come on girl, I have to get in that fuckin' ass," Marlon said as he pushed again.

"Oh my god, oh shit," she moaned as the entire tip of his cock entered.

Marlon spat on his dick to give it lubrication and then began to slowly fuck her ass with just a few inches of his dick.

"Holy fuck," Jainey moaned. 

"Here comes more," he said, shoving his cock deeper.

"Ow... ow," Jainey cried softly. "Shit you're too fuckin' big."

"You can take more" he said as he braced his cock with his hand.

"No, wait," she said, pushing against his hips.

"Damn it girl, let me in that juicy black ass."

"Uh... just a second," she pleaded.

Marlon held his dick steady.

"You ready?"

"No..."

"Come on," Marlon said with annoyance. He reached over to the desk and was able to barely pick up the bottle of vodka without removing his cock. He took a drink and then gave it to Jamey. She took a big swig, and coughed.

"Ok, slowly," she said. He started pushing again.

"Shit, wait..." she said. Marlon ignored her.

"Oh god, Marlon stop," she blubbered.

Marlon moved his dick out again slightly.

"Oh thank God," she said. "I don't think it'll fit."

Marlon smiled and shoved in the last few inches with a steady push, his balls smacking against her pussy.

"Fuck!" she cried.

"You took it all Jainey," Marlon smiled. He capped the bottle of vodka and threw it onto the bed.

Jainey's hands dropped and she moaned.

Marlon slowly withdrew his cock.

"Oh... ow," she moaned.

Marlon pushed back in, her tight asshole spreading over his big dick.

"Oh fuck," Jainey said. Her lower lip quivered. Marlon began to fuck her ass earnestly, his balls slapping up against her pussy as he did so.

"Oh my god! Shit, I'm..." Jainey stuttered.

"That's it babe, cum for me."

She collapsed on the bed as her body quaked. Marlon spread her ass with his hands and continued to fuck it, his whole dick enveloped by her big ass.

"Shit!" Jainey cried. "Oh god, not so hard!" she said.

"Fuck Jainey that fat ass is begging for it."

"Ow! Oh shit!" she cried.

"Roll over," he said smacking her butt as his dick popped free.

"Oh fuck I feel so loose down there," she laughed, rolling onto her back.

"Here suck it for me," Marlon said pulling off the condom and getting up on the bed.

Jainey tentatively licked the tip, and Marlon shoved her mouth on it. She was able to fit about half down her throat before she pushed back. Her mouth came off his cock with a popping sound when he let go of her head.

"Let me get more of that sweet black pussy," he smiled, getting off the bed.

After Marlon put on another condom, he fucked her roughly while he squeezed and kissed her tits. Jainey put her hand to her clit and began rubbing as he continued to pump her with his big cock.

"Fuck, I can't believe that thing fit in my ass," she exclaimed, her eyes closed. "Oh yes... fuck me you sexy brown boy," she said between clenched teeth, feeling the flesh of his flat lower abdominals with her hand. "Oh shit! Ow!" she cried as he pounded her hard with his big cock. He responded by slowing the movement of his hips and then speeding up again.

He fucked her like that for nearly ten minutes.

"You ready to get fucked in this black ass again?" he asked, tapping her butt.

"Oh shit I don't know..." Jainey replied, as he pulled his cock from her pussy.

"You came hard last time. So tight," Marlon said as he pushed the head of his dick against her tight hole. 

"Aiie... oh," Jainey cried as it went deeper. As soon as his dick sunk all the way into her ass Jainey started panting. "Fuck it's too deep," she complained.

Marlon began to bounce up and down on her, his hips thrusting forcefully.

"Oh shit! Ow! Oh god," Jainey moaned. As he continued, she started to get off on her ass being fucked roughly, her clit engorging as he thrust into her. She rubbed her fingers over her pussy, her breathing quickening. "Oh yeah, right there Marlon... You're gonna make me cum again..." she said softly. "Yes!" she cried. Jainey was sweating profusely, and she started to look tired.

There was a knock at the door.

"Not again," Marlon shouted, "I'm fuckin' busy!"

"It's Amanda," a voice said from behind the closed door.

"I'll be right back," Marlon said pulling his cock from her ass.

"No, just ignore it," she said. "Damn," she swore as he opened the door. The hot blonde girl from downstairs had come back. She looked down at Marlon's condom covered cock and then back at his face before she spoke.

"So is that offer still open?" she asked, pulling off her velour hoodie, and revealing big tits covered in a lacy blue bra.

Marlon smiled.

"Amanda wait," Jen said from down the hall. 

Amanda raised her hand dismissively.

"Come on babe, let's get to fuckin', Jainey's about worn out," Marlon said as he put his hands to the top of her pants.

"Not just yet," Jainey said from the bed. "Get that fine Brazilian ass over here," she said with belabored breath.

Guess you have to wait your turn," Marlon shrugged as he went back to the bed.

"No problem. I'll see you later prude," Amanda smiled waving goodbye to Jen as she entered the dorm room and shut the door.

Jen sighed to herself. She was about to walk away, but then she went to the door and put her ear to listen.

"Lose the pants too," Marlon told Amanda.

She took the pants off, revealing the rest of her incredible body. She had amazing tits, probably 34D in a full coverage bra, a small waist, wide hips and a bubble butt covered in a matching blue panty that rested low on her hips.

"Damn babe," Marlon nodded, as he stroked his big dick.

Amanda bit her lower lip coyly.

"Hey we're not done," Jainey complained from the bed.

"Let's get back in this ass," he said, walking back to the bed where Jainey was.

Amanda sauntered to the other bed and sat on the edge where she watched Jamey and Marlon.

"Oh fuck," Jainey swore as Marlon thrust firmly into her ass.

"I don't like to be the only sober one," Amanda said, looking at the bottle of vodka on the bed and picking it up. She watched Marlon plow their RA's ass while she drank from the bottle.

"Take off your bra and come here," Marlon said to Amanda. She finished drinking and walked up to the bed where they were fucking while removing her bra. He began kissing Amanda's breasts, his hips continuing to grind against Jainey, as her asshole was plowed by his big cock.

"Fuck, oh god!" Jainey cried.

"Mmm, that's good," Amanda moaned as Marlon sucked on her big pink nipples. They were about the size of pencil erasers. Then they kissed, their tongues intertwining.

"Shit," Jainey cried, her fingers rubbing her clit as Marlon pounded his big cock into her asshole. "I'm coming!" she cried. Her entire body shuddered as she had a huge orgasm.

Marlon pulled his cock from her ass and stroked it over the green condom.

"Ok you lucky bitch, he's all yours," Jainey sighed with fatigue. Marlon grabbed Amanda, pulling her to the center of the bed.

He pulled the condom off and grabbed another one from the desk drawer.

Jainey got off the bed and staggered to the door as Marlon put the new condom on.

"Fuck I have to pee," she said, straightening her dress as she walked to the exit.

She opened the door, sending Jen, who had been listening, to the ground as she fell on her butt.

"Sorry are you ok?" Jainey said.

"Uh... I," Jen stuttered. Jainey helped her up.

"Were you listening to us?" she asked with a shocked expression. Jainey grabbed Jen and pushed her inside with a laugh. "Bout time you're ass learned about fuckin' a real man," she smiled.

"No wait, I-" Jen said, but Jainey shut the door as she left the room.

"So you wanted to know what all the fuss was about?" Amanda laughed. "Not so innocent after all."

Jen turned red and looked down.

Marlon moved to Amanda and lay his dick on her pelvis.

"Come here Jen," Marlon said.

"No I..."

"Come here now," he ordered.

Jen walked towards them, but stopped several feet away.

"It's ok you can just watch if you want," he said. He gazed at her intently. Her breathing quickened, but she didn't say anything.

Amanda put her hands up to Marlon's muscular body and rubbed his sweaty skin.

"Mmmm," she sighed, biting her lip.

"Let's get you ready," Marlon smiled, putting his lips down to her pussy.

"No wait," Amanda protested.

"What?" Marlon asked.

"I want to suck you," she explained. 

"Fine by me." He stood against the bed.

She moved down between his legs instead. She pulled off the condom and began sucking his cock while fingering herself.

"Yeah that's it," she smiled.

Amanda could see Jen was bright red as she watched them.

"Come closer," Amanda said. Jen approached slowly. Amanda held up his dick and licked from base to the tip. "You want to try?" she asked.

Jen shook her head.

"More for me," Amanda shrugged. She pulled the skin of his thick member gently back and forth as she bobbed her head on it.

"I heard some of the girls say you had a big dick, but I never knew it was this big," she said.

"You heard from who?" he said. "Damn girl, you can suck," he admitted with a moan.

"From Sarah," she said, putting her mouth on his balls.

"Stand up."

"She told me one of the guys on this floor saw your dick when you got out of the shower." She smiled. "How do you want me?" she asked, putting a finger in her mouth playfully. Marlon grabbed another condom from the desk and started to put it on.

"Wait those things dry me out. Could you leave it off?" She asked. Marlon looked her body over quickly.

"Sure," he conceded. "Turn around," he said, rubbing his veiny cock.

She turned her back towards him and then turned her head so she could see what he was doing.

He pushed her towards the bed post and then, spreading his legs and bending his knees, rubbed the head of his dick against her outer pussy lips.

"Uh..." she moaned as the tip of his cock found her slit. She steadied herself against the wall and put her arm around Marlon's head for more balance as his cock struggled to enter her pussy. "Oh shit."

He shoved forcefully but it was still slow going. As he got the tip of his dick into her he pulled it out and tried again. It went easier and then his cock slid completely into her cunt.

"That's it," he smiled.

"Uh!" she cried, looking up at Jen. Jen's neck was flush as she watched them coupling.

"You sure you don't want some of this big Brazilian dick? Uh!" Amanda asked Jen. "She's got a crush on you, you know?" Amanda smiled to Marlon. Marlon didn't say anything, he just continued to fuck Amanda.

Jen was silent as she looked on. Marlon and Amanda kissed, Amanda turning her head to lick across Marlon's tongue. Marlon began to thrust into Amanda's pussy more roughly, his dick causing her to moan with nearly every stroke.

"Oh god, oh... shit," she said.

"Yeah babe, you like that huh?" he asked.

"Your dick is so fuckin' big," she cried.

"Damn..." Marlon smiled. "Best pussy yet."

Amanda cried out as he thrust hard. 

"Get your head down," he said, pushing her upper back down towards the bed and angling her ass up while he fucked her doggie style. She flipped her hair around and looked back towards Marlon as he plunged his cock back and forth into her dripping pussy. His cock was covered in her thick white cream.

Amanda looked at Jen and started to moan, her eyes closing.

"Ohh... yes, right there... oh god!" she cried out and shuddered, her body convulsing.

"What happened?" Jen whispered.

"What? She came," Marlon said.

"Is that what an orgasm is?" Jen said.

"You've never had one?" Amanda said.

"Uh... no," she said softly.

"That explains a lot," Amanda replied with a laugh, her eyes closing. "That one was fucking awesome!" she exclaimed. "Ten times better than my ex. Fuck Marlon, your dick feels so good," Amanda moaned.

"Jen, take off your shirt," Marlon said.

"Uh..." she hesitated.

"Come on, you're seeing all of us," he argued.

She took off her shirt revealing a white demi-cut bra that covered nice 32B size breasts.

"And the shorts," he said. Jen reluctantly began to undress. She wore full coverage panties. She was small, probably 5' 2" and very petite with slender limbs and beautifully alabaster skin. Marlon looked up at her cute face and sexy body for a few seconds before turning to Amanda.

"Flip over," Marlon said.

"Uh... ok," Amanda replied, moving onto her back.

"Nah, like this," Marlon said grabbing her and sliding her down the side of the bed.

"Whoa," she said, her crotch up against the top of the bed and her head resting on the floor.

"Yeah that's it," Marlon said pushing her legs down towards her, and straddling her pelvis. From this position he plunged his big dick into her yawning pussy.

"Oh god!" she moaned. "Yes... yes..," she cried.

"Yeah take it all babe," Marlon said, fucking faster, his hips smacking against her plump ass.

"Fuck, ow. Oh... ohh shit, I'm coming again!" she cried as her body went into convulsions.

"Whoa," Jen exclaimed.

"So good... your big dick feels so good," Amanda said after recovering.

He held her tight and lifted her up onto his cock.

"Oh God!" she screamed as he thrust up into her, dropping her down onto his cock as he squeezed her round ass with his big hands. Then he lay down on the floor with her below him and thrust deep into her pussy until she came again. She quaked for nearly a minute. Marlon grabbed Amanda and pulled her back onto the bed, laying her face up.

"Fuck... no more," Amanda said as Marlon pushed his dick against her outer lips.
