 Author's Comments: It's been a while since I posted anything. Please don't be too hard on me for this one. It was incredibly hard to select a category for the story since there's several chapters and each of them seemed to go in a different direction. Please vote, and please leave a comment and tell me what you like or don't like. Thanks for reading my story. 

++++++++++++++++++

Standing in Deb's kitchen that Monday morning, I could feel the wetness growing between my legs as I looked out at the hot tub on their deck. Standing there, my mind went back to Saturday night when the four of us, Deb and her husband, and my fiancé and me, relaxed in the warm, bubbly water after our dinner. I felt myself start to blush as I recalled how Alex, my fiancé, casually reached behind my back and unfastened the top of my bikini, and how I shamelessly sat there while it slid slowly down my arms and into the water swirling around us. 

I closed my eyes for a moment, remembering how it felt to be exposed in front of them with my petite breasts on display. At first, it was terrifying, but when Deb gave me a reassuring look, I sat up taller so they could see my breasts better. 

It had been an amazing night. The dinner was fabulous, and Dale, Deb's husband, kept our glasses full with the frozen margaritas he'd mixed up. Believe me, by the time we got into the hot tub, none of us was feeling any pain. After a while, somehow we got on the subject of sex, and when Dale mentioned they usually got into their hot tub naked, Alex and I looked at each other and smiled.

"What's so funny?" Deb asked as Alex and I chuckled together. 

"Oh, it's nothing." I said, reaching for my margarita, unable to keep from smiling. 

"Come on." Deb urged. "What's so funny?"

"She has this fantasy......." Alex answered, grinning over at me, "....being naked in front of people. You know, being an exhibitionist."

At that exact moment, I could have shot Alex right between the eyes. And, to make matters worse, when I turned to give him a stern look, he hunched his shoulders and said, "Well honey, you know it's true."

"Sally, no one can see us in here." Dale said, coming to Alex's rescue. "Feel free....."

"I do it all the time." Deb interrupted, quite matter-of-factly. "It's perfectly safe. That's why we put up the privacy fence around the hot tub, and we wouldn't mind at all."

It was that short interchange of words that caused Alex to boldly reach behind me and twist open the clasp of my top.

The next few seconds were like an out of body experience for me. The feelings of horror were replaced with excitement and desire as my wet top loosened and fell away from my chest. Without thinking, I'd lifted my arms out of the water a few inches, wiggled my shoulders and simply let my top slide off, leaving me sitting there in front of the three of them, bare chested with a very prominent set of rock hard nipples.

They all looked at my breasts, and when it was clear that Deb wasn't upset with me, I pulled my shoulders back and casually sat there, letting them look, wanting them to look. I vividly recall how gratifying it was to feel their eyes on me, and how deliciously vulnerable I felt. Alex was right, I was an exhibitionist. 

Altogether, it was a glorious feeling, and I was basking in the memory of it all when I was shaken back to reality as Deb walked up next to me carrying two mugs of coffee.

"It was a pretty crazy night, huh?" Deb said, handing me one of the mugs and smiling.

"Yeah, I guess it was." I answered. 

Deb made her way to her kitchen table, and gestured for me to have a seat with her. I hadn't known her that long; in fact, this was only the third time I'd been to her house. Dale and Alex had been golfing buddies for well over a year now, and Dale had been over to our apartment many times on their golf days. He'd come by in the morning and pick up Alex on the way to the golf course and then drop him back by the apartment five or six hours later. Dale sometimes hung around for a while, and they'd tell me how they mastered the golf course that day, or how well the new fairway driver worked. 

Dale reminded me of my father, with his sophisticated and confident style. With a slight touch of grey at his temples, he always looked so dapper in his khaki golf pants and polo shirts. Alex played in his jeans and a t-shirt, but, Dale never seemed to mind. When I saw the two of them together, they were always laughing it up, slapping each other on the back and congratulating each other over their conquest of the course that day. 

"So," Deb asked, looking over the table at me, "Does he have any regrets?"

I looked at her with a quizzical expression, unsure of what she was referring to.

"You know, Alex, " Deb added, "from the other night in the hot tub when he..... uh....."

I felt myself blush as it came back to me; how Deb jokingly asked Alex what his fantasies were once my top had been fished out of the water and tossed out of reach. When he didn't answer, I answered for him -- pay back for what he'd done to me.

"Oh, yeah." I quickly chimed in. "He loves to masturbate. He's always talking about how he'd love to jerk himself off in front of another woman."

The second I said it, both Deb and I broke into a fit of laughter. But, the best part came when Deb leaned forward, looked Alex right in the eye and said, "Well, here I am."

No one was more shocked than I was. The look on Deb's face was calm, and when she glanced over at me and then back at Alex, I could see she was serious.

"Go ahead." Deb said to him with a sincere look on her face. "If it's really your fantasy, and if Sally doesn't mind, I'd be honored to watch you masturbate."

By that time, I'd had just enough to drink to scoot over right next to Alex and whisper in his ear. "It's okay if you want to do it." I said. "I won't get mad."

Alex just sat there, stunned as he could be, and he didn't say a single word. After a few seconds, he looked at me as if to silently ask if he'd heard me right -- if I'd really just given him permission to play with his cock in front of another woman. 

Rather than answer his silent question, I stood up in the hot tub and pulled him up off the seat so he was standing next to me. Then, looking up at him, I told him I loved him and pulled him a couple of feet foot across the hot tub, stopping him when he was directly in front of Deb. Then, without any hesitation, I reached for the waistband of his swimming trunks and pushed them down to his knees.

I saw his body shudder for a moment, but he didn't reach down to cover himself. He looked first at me, and then at Dale and Deb. Before he could say a word, I reached out for his hand and moved it to his penis and told him to enjoy himself, adding, "Do it, Sweetheart. You know you want to and we all want to see you do it."

I stepped to the side for a moment and then sat down next to Deb. Alex was still standing there, right in front of Deb with his cock in his hand, and he was starting to get hard. 

"Don't be afraid." Deb said softly. "Honestly, I'd love to see you masturbate, Alex. You can even cum for me..... just do it right in the water, it'll be fine."

Everyone was silent as Alex began to slowly stroke himself. The only sounds any of us heard was the hum of the hot tub pump and the sounds of a wet penis being masturbated. He closed his eyes for several seconds as he got all the way hard, and once he was fully erect, I heard Deb whisper something to Dale, and from that point on, both of their eyes were locked on Alex's erection as he worked his tool.

As I watched my fiancé masturbate, I periodically looked over at Deb and Dale, who were both transfixed by what was happening in front of them. Deb was staring at Alex's hardness, sitting no more than a foot away from him, and it was obvious to me this was no longer a matter of her being a friendly enablement for my fiancé's lewd fantasy. The look in her eyes told me she was fully involved and awestruck by Alex's long, rigid pole. 

And, Alex was very hard, that's for sure. I mean, really hard. The kind of hard he gets when I'm freshly shaven, lying on the bed in my see through panties with my legs pulled all the way up and back. I was proud of him, and as I sat next to Deb, I looked over at Dale for a moment and he was staring at Alex, too. 

The next few minutes were like a loosely constructed porn movie, with Deb softly moaning, encouraging Alex and watching his cock as he jerked himself in front of her. 

"Oh, Gawd." Deb sighed, almost silently. "You don't have to hurry, Alex. Take as much time as you want. This is way too good to rush." 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Deb's left arm move toward her husband and disappear under the water close to Dale's crotch. A few seconds later, Dale shifted around in his seat and it was clear to me she'd reached over to feel her husband's cock while she was watching my fiancé jack his own.

It was a surreal experience -- watching my fiancé stroke himself in front of Deb and Dale. My own hand sank under the water and pressed at the top of my slit over my bikini bottoms, and as I sat there watching the way Alex jacked himself in front of Deb, I found myself wishing she'd reach out and touch his throbbing erection; almost trying to will her to wrap her hand around his tool and bring him off with her own hands.

Sadly, Alex didn't last much longer after that. He started breathing hard and trying to keep himself stable in the thigh high churning water of the hot tub. I recognized the signs when he was about to cum, and I could remember how euphoric I felt when the first spurt of his ejaculation sent a huge ribbon of cum soaring across the water, splattering less than an inch away from Deb's chest. 

I watched as globs of thick, white semen erupted from my fiancé's penis; semen that would normally be inside my mouth or my vagina. We all watched as Alex pumped blob after blob of cum into the stirring water of the hot tub. It was nothing short of amazing and remarkable, and apparently, Alex's performance made a huge impression on Deb.

I took a drink of my coffee and looked over across the kitchen table at her. "He's been on some kind of supercharged sexual high since then." I finally replied to her question. "He wanted to have sex the instant we got inside the front door that night. Then, he woke me up at five the next morning and wanted to do it again, and wanted it two more times through the day on Sunday, and then again this morning before he left for work. So, no." I answered her directly. "I don't think he has any regrets."

Deb picked up her coffee mug, held it with both hands and took a sip. "Dale's been the same way." She said softly. "Don't get me wrong, though, I'm not complaining."

"What I mean is....." Deb continued, her face taking on a slight blush, "he's not nearly as large as Alex is, but, it's been nice to see him as excited as he's been."

There was an uncomfortable moment between Deb and me when we both realized we were comparing the size of our lover's cocks. But, when she looked down at the table, and then peered up at me over the rim of her coffee cup, I knew what she was going to ask next.

"How does it feel?" Deb asked, softly. "When Alex is inside you? Does it hurt?" "No." I replied, breaking into an understanding smile. "It doesn't hurt. It's definitely different, though. We have to go slow at first and he has to wait until I'm pretty wet."

Deb started to say something, but then stopped as if she'd changed her mind. For a full minute, we exchanged glances with each other as we sipped our coffee, and as each second passed, I realized this part of the conversation wasn't over.

Finally, she set her coffee down, placed her hands together and told me the reason she'd invited me over this morning was to tell me something. "I know we haven't known each other very long, but, with as close Dale and Alex seem to be getting, I felt it was fair we had this conversation, especially after the hot tub."

"I'm not following you." I answered.

"You know how we were talking about fantasies the other night?" Deb asked.

I nodded my head and told her I remembered, and after I did, she settled back into her chair and said, "Dale's always had this fantasy of watching me have sex with another man, a man with a large penis. And, I think he's seeing your Alex as that man, Sally." 

She went on to tell me that after the other night in the hot tub, Dale seemed to think Alex's cock was exactly what he had in mind for her. She said she knew her husband well enough to know he might start dreaming up a way to make it happen, and she wanted me to be aware of that. I couldn't help but feel offended. The words she used made it sound like I should just accept the fact it was going to happen and tell her it was okay to fuck my fiancé. But, Deb immediately picked up on my annoyance and reached her hand out to touch mine.

"Sally, I invited you over to tell you this so you would know what was happening." Deb said. "I'd never want to get between another man and woman, but I know how Dale can be when he wants something. He can be quite convincing and he's a pro at creating situations to get what he wants. I wouldn't underestimate his ability to talk Alex into it." My anger had subsided a little, and as I sat there. I very much appreciated Deb's courage to invite me over and tell me what she thought was unfolding in Dale's mind. 

"So, he wants to watch you and Alex have sex?" I asked. "Like a voyeur or something?"

"Well," Deb said, hesitating, "to be honest, it's a little more than that."

Deb looked uncomfortable for a few seconds as she took a sip of her coffee. I gave her a curious look and waited for her to finish speaking. "He'd like to be involved and participate." She finally said. "Maybe some mutual touching if Alex was okay with it. He seems to be a little curious about Alex's big penis."

I tried very hard to sit there and seem like what I'd just heard her say didn't both shock and excite me. Up until this time, I was just being polite, but upon hearing Dale was interested in some mutual guy exploration, my motivation for staying changed.

"And you?" I calmly asked. "Where are you with this? Be honest with me."

"Sally, I've never quite understood why Dale has this thing about wanting to watch me have sex with another man." Deb began. "But, I'm not going to deny the fact that I'd love a chance to feel Alex's penis inside me, especially if I knew I had my husband's blessing. And, if it would help satisfy Dale's fantasy at the same time, I would do it."

Very calmly, Deb took several minutes to explain to me that Dale had always been enough for her. But, from the moment she saw Alex's cock in the hot tub Saturday night, she hadn't been able to stop thinking about how it would feel sliding in and out of her, or how happy it would make her husband to finally have his fantasy come true. Apparently Dale brought it up numerous times after we left, even asking her point blank if she'd like to feel Alex's big cock pumping in and out of her. But, that wasn't all.

Dale wanted to be there from start to finish, and Deb was astonished to hear Dale say he was curious about how Alex's cock would feel in his hands. Deb told me she literally blushed a deep red when Dale confessed he might want to try sucking Alex for a few minutes to get him hard, and then be the one to guide Alex's cock into his wife's vagina. 

Deb went on and on, telling me the things Dale said to her -- the nasty, lewd things he'd like to see them do together and how he'd like to be involved. She said her heart almost stopped beating when she heard Dale say he wanted to get between her legs and lick her clean after Alex came inside her pussy. 

The look on my face must have been the look of complete shock, because when Deb stopped talking, she looked at me and called my name as if I was in some kind of trance. What she didn't know, though, was that I was envisioning a different scene -- a scene where a very willing Alex was more than happy to be evenly shared between the two of them, and a scene where I'd finally get a chance to see Alex with another guy, a fantasy of my own that had captivated me for a long time.

"Everything we're saying remains private, right?" I asked. "Just between the two of us?"

"Of course." Deb answered. "Dale would probably hit the roof if he knew I just told you he wanted to suck Alex's penis."

"Okay, then." I replied. "Just between us, I'm fairly sure Alex would be open to this with some encouragement from me. He went through a bi-curious phase in college and has done things with guys before. Sometimes we talk about it.... he likes to tease me with little details because he knows the idea of seeing two guys together turns me on. I flat out told him I'd love to watch him and another guy touch each other's cocks."

"Gawd," Deb said, "I'm almost ashamed to say this, but, I wouldn't mind seeing that myself, and, being the centerpiece of a three way with the two of them."

"Four way." I said, correcting her. "I doubt Alex would go for it if he had to do it behind my back, but, if he and I are both involved, I bet it could happen. Think about it, Deb," I said, pausing for a second, "it's actually the perfect solution for all of us. We'd all get to live out our fantasies in a way that's safe for everyone. You'll get to feel what it's like to have a big penis inside you and Dale will get to see his wife fucked by another man right in front of his eyes. Alex will get the enjoyment of being inside another woman that's hot for him. And, if Alex and Dale get together at all, so much the better for all of us."

"You're really suggesting we do something like this?" Deb asked.

"Sure. It's not like any of us would be cheating on our mates." I answered. "Everyone gets what they want, it's all out in the open and no one gets hurt. What could be better?"

"The only thing is," I added, "we have to let the guys think it's their idea."

"Oh, I don't think that's going to be a problem on my end." Deb giggled. "Dale's probably already scheming something up."

"Okay," I replied, "then just let him do whatever he's going to do. Get him to tell you about his fantasy some more -- see if you can get him to talk about what he'd like to see, and do if we all wound up in a bedroom together. Find out how far he'd let you and Alex go, and see if he'll be specific about what he'd like to do with Alex. You don't have to seem agreeable to any of it yet; just don't be negative about it. Let him think there's a chance it could happen and maybe he'll open up a little more." 

"In the mean time, I'll start working on Alex." I added. "He's usually pretty open with me and I'll find out if he's got any interest in doing anything with Dale, how he feels about you, and test the waters about me and Dale together."

Deb's eyes shot open and she immediately turned her head and looked directly at me. "You and Dale?" Deb asked, obviously surprised at what I said.

"Is that off limits?" I asked.

I honestly think Deb never considered the fact that I might want to enjoy some penetration along with the pleasure of seeing Alex and Dale playing with each other. But, in the few seconds we looked at each other, she seemed to silently accept the fact that if I was going to share my fiancé with her, she ought to be willing to share Dale with me. 

"I....uh, guess that's fair." Deb answered, although I think she said it reluctantly. 

"Does he like anal sex?" I asked.

Deb's face went completely blank and I wondered if I'd just asked the wrong question. 

"He's brought it up before, but, I don't do that." She replied, turning her face away from me. Then, looking back, she added, "I know some women can, but, I just can't. We've tried, but, I can't bring myself to let him do that to me."
