 This story continues on from my last one entitled, Sarah and Lucy...he loves to watch

I was only vaguely aware of Mark's eyes glued to me during my orgasm. I'm laying here trying hard to catch my breath, with Sarah gently stroking my belly. She looks at me, with a question in her eyes, I know what she wants, and I know its what Mark wants too. If I look deep within myself I also know its what I want too. I look over to Mark, smile...and say "aren't you going to join us Mark?"

I don't need to ask him twice! He quickly sheds his clothes, and kneels on the end of the bed. I reach out my hand and take his...pulling him up the bed to join sarah and I. He lays back on the pillows pulling me to lay half over him, kissing me deeply with his tongue darting in to tease mine. 

I'm very much aware now of Sarah watching the two of us, and also aware that I want her to be joining in, not just an onlooker. I break the kiss, and look at her, smiling softly. Mark is just laying there, looking very much like the cat who stole the cream. Myself on one side of him and my friend Sarah on the other. 

I move to a kneeling position and reach for her, not sure what I want to do, never having been in quite this position before. I do know that I want to give her as much pleasure, if not more, than she gave me only moments before. She moves to kneel in front of me, our bodies separated my Mark laying between us. 

We lean towards each other, and kiss softly. I'm aware of Marks fingers lightly moving up and down the side of my breast. My own hands move to cup her breasts, brushing lightly against the fingers of Marks other hand. I slowly rub my thumbs back and forth over her nipples and catch her gasp in my mouth. She moans and reaches for me to steady herself. 

"God you two are driving me insane!" Mark says. He slips his fingers between my legs and slides them between my pussy lips. I'm so wet, so hot and throbbing. I know he's doing the same to Sarah, I hear her gasp his name and I take that as a signal to increase the teasing of her nipples. Pinching them slightly, rolling them between my thumb and first finger, just how I like it being done to me.

I move one hand down, looking for and finding Marks erect cock. Wet with pre cum and so very hard. He groans as I cup his balls, squeezing gently. "No Lucy, not yet baby" he says to me. I'm a little disappointed but soon realise he has plans, and they don't include cumming just yet.

He gently pulls the two of us girls apart, and lays Sarah down in the middle of the bed. "Time for a little special attention" he says with a sexy smile. He kisses me passionately and deeply and then we both move to pleasure Sarah. Mark can't seem to resist those nipples, dark and erect and just waiting for a tongue to tease them. 

Ever the obliging male, that's just what he does. He leans closer and flicks his tongue across her nipple. Once, twice and then sucks it deeply into his mouth. His hand moving to caress her other breast, rubbing the nipple and keeping it hard and throbbing. She moans and arches into his teasing mouth and hand. Her legs moving restlessly on the bed.

Watching them is making me so hot and horny all over again! I reach out and tentatively touch her thigh. My hand moves to her inner thigh. She opens her legs, perhaps as a reflex, perhaps purely and simply just wanting my touch. I can feel the heat from her pussy. I want to touch. Mark looks up at me, sensing my indecision and says simply "just do what feels right baby."

That's all I needed to hear, and at that I let my fingers gently trace her pussy lips. Her hips jerk towards my fingers as I slowly slip two inside her hot moist pussy. Instinctively doing what I myself love having done. I slide them in and out very slowly, almost all the way out and then back in. God she's so wet! Each time I slide my fingers out her pussy lips cling to them, not wanting to let go, not wanting the pleasure to stop. 

I lean closer, I can smell her sweet scent and I desperately want to taste her. My tongue laps the juice from her pussy lips before I gently expose her clit by pulling back the hood with the fingers of my free hand. It looks so pretty and pink. I briefly wonder does mine look like that? I hesitate slightly before finally flicking my tongue over her exposed clit, making her jump and moan loudly. 

I curl my fingers up inside her pussy, searching for and finding her g spot. I start to rub it slowly but firmly. My tongue continuing to tease and torment her throbbing clit. Her hips start to move uncontrollably. I move now to hold her still with my hands on her thighs, holding her open and exposed to me. I close my lips around her clit and start to suck, stopping now and then to let the sensation subside a little. My tongue slips down to her wet pussy, darting just inside before continuing with the suction on her beautiful clit.

I'm aware now that Mark has stopped sucking her nipples and is watching me. He moves Sarah so she is laying on his body, between his spread legs. His fingers busy teasing and tormenting her nipples. One of his hands slips to between her legs and he holds her pussy lips apart for me. She is moaning loudly now, begging me to let her cum. "Not yet Sarah...patience" I say to her.

I look up at Mark, his eyes are dark and his skin is flushed with arousal. I want to see him fuck her. I want that desperately and he seems to know what I want. He smiles at me and I reach for his cock so hard and ready to slip inside her wet pussy. I circle his cock with my fingers, and stroke him just how he loves it. I lean down and alternate flicks with my tongue, first on the sensitive underside of his cock and then across her throbbing clit.

I slip his cock in my mouth, close my lips tightly around it and suck. Mmmmmm that pre-cum tastes so good. I suck more and more of him down my throat, until he starts to pump. I move back to just flicking my tongue around the head of his cock, before sucking it deep again and again. Each time I stop sucking when he starts to pump. I know he loves when I tease him like that.

Soon both Mark and Sarah are beyond coherent thought, all they want is to fuck and be fucked. This time I get to watch and enjoy. Mark grabs Sarah by her hips and pulls her up so the tip of his cock is just touching her pussy lips. God that looks beautiful, I can't resist dragging my tongue up the underside of his cock...all the way up and over her clit. They both moan at the sensation.

I move from between their legs, off to the side a little. Mark slowly pushes his cock deep inside her wet pussy. He's big but she is so wet there is no resistance at all. I watch fascinated as his beautiful cock moves in and out of her wet pussy. Slowly almost all the way out...then hard and fast all the way back in again. Sarah moans with pure pleasure each times he thrusts back into her. I know first hand how good he feels inside. I almost feel jealous, but then on the other hand, I'm enjoying this as much as they are.

I look up at Sarah and find her watching me, her eyes dark and half closed. I reach into my bedside drawer and get my favourite vibe, a tiny one. I slide it to my own pussy, so wet and throbbing. I hold it against my clit and then I start to fuck myself with it, matching every movement of Mark fucking Sarah. 

Mark groans loudly, "I'm going to cum". He starts to fuck her hard and fast and I know he cant hold back much longer. I take my vibe and slide it across Sarahs clit. She almost screams at the sensations taking over her body. I hold it firmly against her clit now, and she starts to cum hard, spasming around Marks cock. I can see his balls tighten, he thrusts hard once more and he's cumming deep inside her, moaning loudly with each spurt of cum deep into her body. 

I turn off my vibe, and watch as his cock slips from her pussy. Mark gently moves Sarah off his body, she seems hardly aware of him even doing it. He pulls me around to snuggle up with him on his other side. He kisses me deeply and passionately. 


"My turn next lover" I whisper against his lips. He smiles at me and says "Most definitely Lucy darlin. I've saved the best for you baby, just give me a minute to recover." He says with a cheeky grin.