 The thing is, we had gone over there to play bridge. Yes, bridge. The same game old ladies play in the parlor on Sundays. I don't even know how to play bridge.

I remember when my wife, Anna, told me about it. "We don't have any friends," she said.

I didn't even look up from my book. "We have plenty of friends," I mumbled. "There's Steve, Nick, Andy... Janet, Lynn, Rebecca."

"No, I mean couple friends. It would be nice to hang out as a couple once in a while."

Anna had a new friend, Katherine, Kat for short. Kat had just moved into the neighborhood with her husband, Dan and their two year old. They were a nice enough couple. Kat was short, pretty, she liked to talk a lot. She had light blonde hair that she kept in a sexy suburban housewife bob. Her bangs kept falling in her face and she'd have to sweep them to the sides. Dan was a firefighter, a silent guy with big arms and a crew cut.

Now when I say Kat was pretty, I don't mean Anna wasn't. Anna was gorgeous. A perfect figure eight, curving from breasts to hips. She had long, dark hair, usually she wore it loose.

Once, we'd taken the kids over to play. Dan and I had stood in the kitchen, looking around and avoiding eye contact with beers in our hands. I'm not sure what the wives were talking about, but I'm sure it had to be bridge.

The bridge night, we were going casual. Anna was wearing black jeans and a blue shirt. I wore a brown button down and jeans. Nothing special.

Anna and I paid for the babysitter for the kids and let them use our house. That way, Dan and Kat's house would be quiet and kid free. Anna insisted on bringing a gift. We ended up with a bottle of Crown Royal because the convenience store down the street didn't have good wine. I would be damned if I were going to the liquor store to get the wine.

Dan and Kat's house was straight forward. It was a one story ranch with a wide, sweeping living room. They had a long, black leather couch that curved around the wall.

Behind the living room was the kitchen and the kitchen table. They had set up a card table in the living room and had drinks out on the table. Anna slipped off her shoes, walking across the carpet in her bare feet.

Kat was wearing tan capris, and a white shirt that was unbuttoned. She was wearing a blue sports bra underneath. Her feet were bare, too, her toenails a pretty shade of red. Dan had jeans and a white T shirt.

From the look of it, we were just two suburban couples getting together for cards.

We sat in their living room for a while, the women drinking wine. Dan and I had a few beers.

I don't know if you've ever played bridge, but it's a hard game. There's a lot of thinking, planning, and rules; none of which went well with beer and the hazy buzz that fell over us. Before long, trying to keep up was like running through quicksand. We drank and played for a few hours before everything started to fall apart.

It was 9 o'clock and the party was going to end.

Anna wouldn't have it. "Come on, guys, you know how hard it is the get the sitter. Let's just do something else."

Dan took out the bottle of Crown. "How about a few shots?"

We started playing quarters, trying to bounce a quarter from the table into the shot glass. When we did, we could order some one to drink. I worked on Kat, and Dan on Anna. Soon, they were getting tipsy. I was feeling pretty good myself, I had a good, warm buzz.

"Quarters is fun, but at this rate, I'll be shit faced," Anna said. "Can't be play a board game or something?"

Kat looked at Dan. "Well, we do have a game, but it might be a little risqué."

Anna shrugged. "We're adults here. What is it? Dirty Pictionary?"

Kat smiled. "Well, it's called 'No Limits.'"

I'd never heard of it, and neither had Anna. This is when I began to see that Kat and Dan had something going on, but Anna and I couldn't see it yet.

Anna smiled. "Sounds like fun! How do you play?"

Kat looked at Dan, who was smiling. He went into their bedroom and came back with the game in a shiny black box. The word "No Limits" was stenciled across it in bold, hot pink letters.

Kat put her hand on Anna's arm. "Now don't freak out. It's kind of like truth or dare, but without the truth. We play in teams, so you two are one team and Dan and I are the other. You just roll a die, move your piece, and draw a card. You decide if you're going to do what the card says. If you decide to do it, then the second person decides if they'll go along."

"What if I don't want to do what the card says?"

My answer was a smack on the table as Dan put down a small wooden paddle. It had a short handle, and a long, rubbery face. "You get spanked. Four times."

I looked at Anna and she looked at me. She was tipsy, with a goofy smile. "Sounds like fun," she said. "Doesn't it sound like fun, honey?"

"You can quit at any time," Kat suggested.

I shrugged. "All right," I said.

Kat set up the board and divided the pieces. She went first, and drew a card.

"Kiss your partner," she read. "See? Easy. I'll do it. Dan?"

"Of course I'll kiss you, love." Kat turned and gave Dan a kiss on the lips, pressing her lips against his.

"See? Easy," Kat said.

Dan went next. "Tell your partner something you like about her. Kat, you have great tits," he grabbed at her breasts. Kat laughed, slapping his hand away.

It was my turn. "Nibble your partner's ear," I read.

"Anna," Kat asked, "Will you let John nibble your ear?"

"It's not bad," I suggested.

"No helping," Kat warned. "Next time, you get spanked."

"Yes," Anna said, displaying her ear. "Nibble me, you scamp!" I took her ear in my mouth, nibbling at it. Kat and Dan were watching, smiling.

Anna went next. "Remove an article of clothing," she said. "I already took my shoes off. It's not fair."

"Let's count the shoes," Dan said.

Now it was Kat's turn. "Remove any piece of clothing." Without a word, she slipped off her shirt. Her shoulders were smooth and white, perfectly bare. She leaned forward, her breasts tight against the bra. "Dan?"

Dan took his turn. "Remove a piece of your partner's clothing."

Anna started to laugh. I could feel a swell in my groin, and suddenly the air became very clear. I could see Kat sharply, her lower lip twisted in her teeth, the dark roots of her hair.

Dan had a grin on his face. "I'm game."

Kat looked at Anna, with a wink. "Me, too." She held up her arms. Dan pulled the sports bra off. Kat's nipples were standing perfectly erect like tiny pink soldiers. They were small, pert, like her breasts. I wondered what they would feel like under my tongue, between my teeth.

She got up. "Can I get anyone a drink?"

We all took her up on it. She brought us a fresh round of beers, wines, and shots of Crown. She came back with the drinks on a tray, framed by her stunning breasts. I took my drink, and as I did, she turned, brushing her nipple across the back of my hand.

"To new friends," Dan said, raising the shot glass.

"To new friends," we said. We turned our shot glasses down on the table. I couldn't stop staring at Kat's breasts. To make up for it, I put a hand on Anna's thigh. She squeezed my knee under the table.

"Are you alright with this?" I whispered.

"I'm fine," she whispered back.

It was my turn again. I went, drawing my card.

My heart started pounding. I could feel my erection pressing against the pull of my jeans, my cock swelling. "It says," I coughed. "Remove an article of clothing from... the opposite sex of the opposite team... Kat."

I looked at Kat. Her eyes were cool and steady, not wavering. She had a faint smile on her face. I looked at Anna.

"Anna?"

"No asking," Dan said.

Kat took the paddle in her hand. "Come here, stud."

Sheepishly, I looked at Anna. "You brought this one yourself," she said.

I walked over to Kat. Kat grabbed my ass. "Nice," she said. "Take your pants down."

I fumbled for my belt, undoing the buckle. I unbuttoned the button, pulling down my zipper. I took my pants down midway. Kat pushed me over the table, exposing my ass. She rubbed my ass with her hand, then brought down the paddle. Her breasts wiggled as it smacked, the blow pushing my hard cock into the table. I made a sound.

I pulled my pants back up. Then, turned to Kat. She was still standing there, in her capris and bare feet, red toes arranged in a perfect row.. I studied her breasts, my fingers tingling to touch them. My breath was coming out hard, I could hear myself breathing. I reached up to the snaps, my hand touching her warm hips. I fumbled with the zipper. Looking back, I could see Anna licking her lips. In one motion, I pulled the capris down to Kat's ankles, and she stepped out, stumbling. Her crotch hit my face, I could feel how damp it was.

She pushed the hair out of her face. "Sorry," she said. She was wearing a thong through her tight pussy lips.

Anna looked at my crotch as I came back to the table. "I think John's liking this game," she said, giving it a pat. Dan and Kat started laughing. Dan put his arm around Kat.

Anna took her turn. "French kiss your partner."

She turned and grabbed me with both hands, throwing herself on me. I was startled by the response, the force of her body against mine, our lips coming together, her tongue darting in and out of my mouth like a wicked squirrel. She worked her crotch against my hard cock, rubbing it back and forth. My cock pressed against her mound through her jeans. She bit my lip, sitting down. I could see under her shirt and bra that her nipples were getting hard.

"Jesus, guys," Kat said, picking up her card. "Remove a piece of clothing from your partner."

Dan stood up.

"I think that's helping," Anna warned. "Honey, spank his ass."

Kat shook her head. "Let me take those jeans first."

Kat unbuckled his belt, sliding his jeans down. Her hands grabbed his ass cheeks, giving them a little squeeze. She bumped her head against the bulge in his boxers.

Dan put his hands on the table, pulling the boxers down. His ass was round and white. "Go for it, hero."

I took the paddle and gave a limp swat.

"Like a man," he said. "I won't be so nice to you."

Harder. Harder. The last one, he sucked in a breath. He looked at me, smiling. "Not bad." His ass cheeks were red.

Dan's turn. "Strip naked." He stood up, taking off his T shirt. His chest was smooth, well defined, with dark hair drifting lazily toward the middle.

"Anyone who can't handle it," he was looking at me, "Avert your eyes." He took off his boxers. His cock was hanging between his legs, straight and firm as a diving board. It was a big one, circumcised. The round head bobbed in the air. Anna was looking at it, her mouth a little open.

I tapped her chin shut gently. "Nothing you haven't seen before," I smiled.

My turn. "Take off Kat's underwear... with my teeth."

"I don't think you can do it," Anna chided.

I stood up again. Kat stood out of her chair, cocking her hip to the side, winking at me. "Do you think you can handle it?"

I went down on my knees, smelling the soft scent of her pussy. I put my face against her belly. It was soft, like touching silk. Then, with my tongue, I grabbed the strap of her thong, taking it between my teeth. I started to pull on it. She shifted her weight, pressing her pussy against my clenched lips. I pulled on the the thong, and her juicy lips popped out. I took the panties down to her ankles.

"Nice job," she said, arching her foot, kicking them off.

Anna went next. "Strip your partner. I'll do it."

I stood up, raising my arms. Anna took off my shirt, running her hand across my chest, planting kissed down my back. Then she stuck her hand down my pants, fondling my cock. It grew firm in her hand, she giving it a few solid tugs. Then she pulled my pants down, letting my cock bounce like a diving board. "Some one's ready to party," she said. Kat was looking at it, smiling to herself.

Kat read her card. "Lick my partner's penis. Honey, let me see that cock."

Dan reclined back in his chair, letting his manhood flop on the edge of the seat. Kat took it in her hand, then looking at me, slid her tongue up the shaft. She put the head in her mouth, sucking, making a smacking sound. Then she pulled it, and it popped out, trailing her spit.

Dan rolled and read his card. "Strip Anna naked. Anna?"

Anna looked at me.

"No helping," Kat already had the paddle.

I just smiled.

Anna smiled, raising her arms.

Dan came over, his big, thick cock raising up several degrees. He unbuttoned Anna's shirt, one at a time, I could see him looking in at her gorgeous breasts. He went behind her to remove it all the way, and undid her bra. The bra drifted down like a lazy autumn leaf to the floor. Her nipples were as brown and hard as chestnuts. Then, grabbing her jeans and panties in one hand, he pulled them to her ankles. Anna stepped out, wiggling her breasts in a little dance, her brown titties jostling. I reached out and pinched them.

Kat took the paddle. "You cheated," she said to Anna.

"I didn't."

"Assume the position, or you'll get double."

"But," Anna protested, smiling.

Kat reached down, putting her hand between Anna's legs. She gave a little squeeze, Anna yelping. Anna leaned over the table.

"More," Kat ordered, rubbing her ass. Anna pressed across the table, her ass raised at the edge. Kat brought the paddle down. Anna said, "Oh!" in surprise, then Kat brought down another, and another. "You're a naughty little vixen," Kat said.

My turn my cock was raging now, after watching my wife getting spanked. My challenge spoiled it. "Kiss Dan's left nipple."

I looked at the pink points on his chest, then at the paddle. It was just a nipple, I thought, no big deal. "I'll do it."

Dan stood up. "Go for it."

The women broke out laughing, their eyes lighting. I went to Dan, nervously stepping past his penis. It knocked against leg, I could feel the heat of it against my skin. I bent over a little, sticking my tongue out. I touched it to his nipple, and sat down as quickly as I could.

Kat was red from laughing, and Anna was breathless. "You guys... You should have seen the look on your face, John," Anna said.

Anna's turn. "French kiss Kat."

Dan's and my cock stood up several degrees. "An-na, An-na," I chanted.

Anna stood up, steadying herself on the table. Kat sat in her chair. She spread her legs apart, touching her wet, blonde pussy with one finger. "Come here, little kitten."

Anna came near Kat, putting her hands on Kat's legs. Kat pushed her down to her knees. Anna went down, giggling. Kat took Anna's head and pushed it softly into her pussy. To my surprise, Anna relented, putting her face into Kat's pussy lips. Her tongue came out, slowly, and lickedit. Then again, again. Kat moaned. "That's nice. Your lips are so soft."

Anna kept at it, licking and sucking at Kat's pussy. My cock was throbbing. I walked over to watch, to get a view of Anna's face. Kat reached out and grabbed my cock. Then, looking at me with her blue eyes, she opened her mouth and stuck it in.

Her mouth was warm, wet, her tongue licking the base of my head. With one hand on Anna's head, she put the other on my balls, softly yanking them.

Dan, feeling left out, moved the table to the side. Then, taking Anna hips in his hand, he stuck his cock right into her pussy. Anna hummed as he did so, and this set Kat moaning, which vibrated my cock in her mouth. It felt great. Dan began to rock back and forth, fucking Anna doggy style. Anna purred.

Kat then tapped Anna's head gently. "All right, hon, I need to give your husband some attention." Anna looked up at me, her face wet with Kat's pussy juice. She was licking her lips, her head shifting as Dan rode his cock deeper into her pussy.

Kat tugged on my cock, leading me to the couch. She leaned into my ear, licking and biting it, whispering "I want you to lick my ass."

I turned her around, bending her over the couch. Her ass cheeks were two firm mounds, shaped like peaches. Between them was the smooth valley of her ass. I went down on my knees, parting her ass cheeks in my hand. Her anus looked so tiny, winking with pleasure. Then, I traced the rim with my tongue. It tasted sweet.

"That's right," Kat said, "Put your tongue in it."

I swirled my tongue around her asshole, and then plunged my tongue into it. Her ass fluttered against my tongue, she reached between her legs to fondle her pussy. I tongue fucked her, she pushing her ass into me.

"Fuck me in the ass," she begged. "Please."

I turned her around first, lubing up my cock in her mouth. Then, bending her over the couch, I smacked her ass. "Ooh, yeah," she said. "Fuck me."

I took my cock, pressing it against her asshole. She pushed against me, and then my cock flipped inside. Her ass closed around it, so tight and hot I thought I was going to come. She pushed her ass back and forth, driving my cock deeper and deeper into the depths of her ass.

Anna sauntered over, her eyes half closed. Her pussy was twitching, she'd just had an orgasm. She sat on the couch, spreading her legs apart. Kat buried her face in my wife's pussy as I worked her ass. Anna opened her mouth, twisting her lips. I drove Kat harder into Anna's pussy. "Lick that pussy," I said. "Lick it."

Dan came over, too. Anna took his cock in her mouth, rubbing her head back and forth, swallowing it deep. I smacked Kat's ass, "Faster!" Kat started going faster and faster, then she stopped, screaming, her ass getting tight. My cock slipped out as she trembled in orgasm.

Then, turning around, she went to her knees and took my cock in her mouth. She looked up at me, bending and twisting my cock in and out with her hand. Dan saw his wife's ass bouncing, and slipped his cock from Anna's mouth into Kat's vagina. We worked her back and forth, pushed Kat into my cock, which Kat took deep into her throat. I pushed her back on her shoulders, deeper into his cock. We worked her back and forth, back and forth.

Anna slipped behind me. I felt her hands on my ass, then her warm breath. Before I knew it, she was licking my tender asshole, rubbing her tongue against it. As Dan pushed Kat into my cock, Kat pushed my ass on Anna's tongue. Anna pushed back, sending my cock into Kat, and Kat into Dan.

Dan pulled his cock out, and rubbed thick, hot bursts of come onto Kat's ass. Kat pulled my cock out, looking back at him. Then, looking back at me, she said, "Lay down. I want to ride the pony."

I lay on the floor. Kat worked herself onto my cock, holding herself up on her feet. Anna sat on my face, pressing her wet pussy against my lips. I suckd at it, taking in her pussy juice, slurping it greedily. Kat rode up and down, up and down on my cock, the two women working me hard. Anna tightened her thighs around my face. I could feel her pussy vibrating as the orgasm consumed her body. She slid off, touching her tits.

"It's just you and me, Kat," I said. Kat stood up, eyes half closed, she ran one hand through her hair, the other on her breasts. "Suck my titties," she said.

I took Kat over to the table, and laid her on it. I put my face against her erect pink nipples, taking them in my mouth, biting them. Kat pressed me into them. "Oh fuck me, fuck me please!"

She grabbed my cock and stuck it into her pussy, which was moist and hot. I pounded her into the table, lifting to the balls of my feet to fuck her harder. She grabbed my ass with her feet, pulling me into her, her pussy slurping my cock to the base. She looked at me, pulling me down toward her, pressing her mouth against mine, my tongue penetrating her mouth as my cock penetrated her pussy. I pushed harder, harder, feeling the sparks of bliss in my cock, small at first, then brighter, brighter, until I couldn't' t hold it anymore. I let go into the white, shining bliss that shot through my body. Pulling my cock out, I showered Kat's breasts with my come, smacking the head on her nipples. She moaned as she was coming too, rubbing my semen against her breasts.
