 I was surprised at how entertaining this evening was turning out to be. My friend Sara had dragged me along to the Game Club's RPG night. "Role Playing Game" in this context has nothing to do with improvisation, and very little to do with sex. It involved adults sitting on couches around a table pretending to be cyberpunk space elves or something like that, throwing dice and cursing profusely at each other. There were about eight people there besides Sara and I, and the game had already started. Despite many clichés to the contrary, it didn't appear to be a gathering of virgin males. This group consisted of three couples, a gay guy, and a guy that looked like he was a satyr. It seemed doubtful that any of these people lacked sexual experience, considering, but most of them weren't really my speed anyway. Sara and I walked in and the game master, who serves as a referee, stood up and said hello. He introduced Sara, and Sara introduced me. I quickly forgot most of the names. Why bother remembering them when I doubted I'd see any of these people ever again? This was so not my scene. 

We sat down, and the people resumed their game. It was pretty entertaining, between the squeaky gnome voices one guy was making and the game master's total obliviousness to how much he was annoying his players. I think that's why they started paying attention to me.

"They" were one of the couples playing the game, and they were definitely the most attractive members of that group. She was a petite Latina girl with gorgeous hips. Her hair was dark and cut short, and she was wearing snug tight pants and a tank top that zipped up the front that had D-rings. It made me wonder if she was into bondage, but I figured I was projecting. She was probably just one of those poser-goth chicks. Cute though. She was sitting on her husband's lap (I saw the rings pretty quickly), leaning back and playing with his long blond hair. He was as different from her as they come, being tall, blond, blue-eyed, fair skinned and broad shouldered. If not for being clean-shaven and a little bit of a prep, he could easily have passed for a Viking. Both were very attractive people, and very much "together" as it were, and I would probably have ignored but for one thing: they were giving me 'looks.'

I think she started first. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed her checking me out. She was being pretty subtle at first, but when I caught her gaze she didn't turn away. She smiled a little predatorily, winked, and then whispered something in her husband's ear. I don't think he had noticed me until that moment, but he laughed while she nibbled at his neck and I saw him scan me. Now, most girls would probably be weirded out by this kind of attention, but the clique I typically ran with had…wide-ranging appetites, and I began to see possibilities opening. I smiled back. I hadn't really dressed for seduction though. I was wearing my glasses instead of contacts, my hair (which my hairdresser called "goth red" for some strange reason) was just brushed straight. I was wearing camo pants and a black tight, low cut t-shirt, but I've been told that it would be a shame to hide breasts like mine with a baggy shirt. With my lack of foresight, I'd topped this off with a khaki jacket that was a couple of sizes too big for me.

Casually, I shrugged out of the jacket, and started playing my own game. I'm not sure if anyone else noticed the looks that were going across the table, but they were getting pretty loaded with innuendo, play, and invitation. The girl was biting her lip as she flirted silently with me, and moved to display her body to best advantage. The guy started leaning his head back as she caressed his hair and neck, and occasionally he'd shiver a little as her nails grazed a sensitive spot. His eyes were full of amusement and appreciation. I think he was laughing at me, his wife, and himself, but that didn't stop him from playing too. I leaned forward as he was watching me, and he quirked an eyebrow as the spill of cleavage came into view. His smile was full of mischief and I found myself getting rather turned on. They continued to whisper at each other while making clear silent passes at me and occasionally making out. They crackled with sexual energy and I assumed they must have been newlyweds, since no one seemed to find this unusual. Watching them, though, was incredibly sexy. I hadn't been with a couple since my junior year of high school, and this showed every indication of going in that direction. She turned so that her body shielded his from the rest of the table and smiled at me as she traced her fingers along the growing bulge in his pants. I felt the increasing warmth between my own legs, and I wanted.

I was jerked back to reality when Sara leaned over and whispered in my ear. "I'm bored. Let's go."

 I didn't look over at her, instead still feasting my eyes on my little tease show. "I'm having fun. Can't we stay a bit longer?"

"You're having fun? We're sitting around watching a bunch of geeks play pretend. What's fun about that? Let's go. I'm your ride." She started getting up and gathering her things. The game master paused. 

"Are you leaving already?" he asked. "You've barely been here half an hour."

Sara put on her best smile "I've got an early day tomorrow, we should really go." She waved and started heading towards the door. I didn't move. "Coming Kara?"

I looked over at her from my seat on the couch and smiled big. "Naw, I think I can find a ride." I heard the blond guy choke back a laugh. "You get on to bed."

Sara smiled daggers at me, then said, "Suit yourself," and ducked out the door.

The game resumed, and so did the flirtation, but pretty soon the group took a break for a snack run. Most of the players dispersed, leaving me suddenly alone with the couple. I took a chance and walked over to where they were sitting and perched on the arm of the couch, looking down at them. She was rubbing his cock through his jeans while hiding the action with her body. Nonchalantly, he looked up at me and said, "I'm sorry, what was your name again?"

"Kara."

"Kara," he said, tasting the word. "I'm Matt."

"I'm Elsa," the girl said. "What is that necklace you're wearing?" She reached up with her free hand and lifted my pendant with one finger from the curve of my breast.

"Oh, it was a gift. Nothing special, really." I gently took it from her fingers holding on a little bit longer than necessary. 

Elsa licked her lips. "There's room to sit with us, if you want. I'm sure we can squeeze you in."

I laughed at that. "I'm sure you could. I have a better idea. Why don't we just assume I sat next to and you teased me mercilessly for the next hour and a half and just skip to the part where you take me home."

"Oh," Matt said, his eyes blazing with delight and lust. "I like her."

Elsa seemed to pout a little. "I like teasing."

Matt poked her in the ribs, eliciting a squeak. "And what exactly have you been doing to me for the last 45 minutes?" 

Elsa shrugged dramatically. "Warming you up?"

Matt turned his attention back to me. "I think you had a wonderful idea. Let me just tell our host."

Matt walked off, surreptitiously adjusting himself, and Elsa and I both caught each other staring at his lovely ass as he moved into the other room. Elsa turned and pulled me down next to her on the couch. I was sure she was going to 'tease' me until Matt got back, but damned if I'd be the passive one. I made certain my hand landed on her breast as we settled down next to each other, and started kissing her lightly on the corner of her mouth. She let out a sigh as I squeezed her nipple through her shirt. I moved my lips to her neck and she arched it nicely, so I grazed the soft skin of her throat gently with my teeth. Her eyes snapped open and she pulled back to look at me for a second, and I gazed back, my mouth shaped into a satisfied smile. She pounced on me, kissing me deeply. I think she might have taken me there if Matt hadn't come back and jingled his keys at us. "I like exhibition as much as the next guy, but honestly, this is probably not the group you want to exhibit to. Jason might take pictures." Elsa looked up at him, breathing raggedly. 

"Home. Now."

We climbed into their Jeep Cherokee (I love Cherokees. Who doesn't?). Elsa climbed into the back seat with me, obviously wanting more. We made out, but I kept her at bay from anything serious. I wanted them both.

Fortunately the drive was short, and 5 minutes later we were at their apartment in a little cul-de-sac off of 400 South. We were laughing as we walked quickly up the stairs onto their landing, and Matt gave the keys to Elsa. She fumbled with them for a moment as he leant down to kiss me deeply. He smelled spicy, like cinnamon and ginger, and his kisses tasted good. The door opened and he lifted me off my feet, carried me in, and we all tumbled onto the couch. I was soon kissing them both, one after another, or kissing exposed flesh when they kissed each other. I'm not sure who took off what, but soon I was leaning back on top of Matt with my shirt off and my pants down at my knees. Elsa sucked one of my nipples and Matt helped my arms out of the bra straps, his cock pressing insistently against my lower back. 

A little presence of mind returned to me and I unzipped Elsa's top, revealing a pair of apple sized breasts. Her large, brown nipples were hard and crinkled and I pulled her chest down to my face to suck them gently, one after another. I reached my hand behind me and pulled Matt's cock out of his boxers and smiled as I felt its shape and size. Not bad, I thought to myself. I'd had longer cocks, but not one thicker. I could barely fit my fingers around its girth. 

Matt groaned as he made out with Elsa and kneaded my generous breasts. I broke myself away from Elsa's nipple and breathed to him, "harder, Matt." He didn't need much encouragement. Soon he was pulling harder on my nipples, pinching and pulling on them the way I like. I took my cues for playing with Elsa's breasts from his initial treatment, though. Gentle caresses with my lips and tongue had Elsa squirming her sex against my bare leg. I helped her out of her panties—her pants were long gone—and caressed the area around her shaved mons. 

Matt lifted me up and settled my panty-clad pussy against the length of his cock. He started a gentle, but insistent, sawing motion. Elsa rocked her pussy against my hand as I stroked her pussy gently. I felt her wetness increase as I gently pushed a finger into her opening. She moaned and let her head fall onto my shoulder. Matt's hands wandered to my hips, tugging at my panties. I murmured something about letting me stand for that, and we disengaged. They sat back, naked and caressing each other on the couch as I stood before them and removed my panties. My pussy was soaking wet, and I wanted that cock desperately, or her mouth. I wasn't particular. 

But not yet. 

I got down on my knees and held Matt's cock gently in my hands. The head was smaller than I had expected, nowhere near as oversized as the rest of his cock, giving the overall impression of a club shape. Elsa got behind me and rubbed her breasts against my back, whispering encouragements as she tickled my neck with her lips. When she said "I want to see you suck his cock," I stopped running my fingers over the head, grasped the base, and pulled it into my mouth. Matt held my head gently, not impeding my motion as I moved up and down his cock, my jaw stretched wide to accommodate his girth. I spread my legs apart as Elsa reached down to finger me, and her small fingers felt incredibly good against my lips and clit. I felt myself rising to an orgasm, and decided to distract Elsa. I didn't want to be the first to come. I pulled her over to kiss my lips then pulled her down next to me. Together we sucked Matt's cock and balls, trading occasionally. Matt groaned and ran his hands through our hair, whispering our names. My hand snaked its way between Elsa's legs and I started playing gently with her clit. Her hips were rocking, and though she tried to return the favor, her efforts were distracted. Good. Soon her head was resting against the inside of Matt's leg as she panted from my ministrations. She shuddered and let out a happy cry as she came on my fingers.

I rose and gave her a smoldering look. Surprisingly, Matt had not come from our combined attentions, but his cock was hard as rock. I smiled at Elsa.

"Mind if I fuck your husband, dear?"

Breathing hard, she nodded. I straddled Matt on the couch, and eased myself onto the head of his cock. He grabbed my hips and said, jokingly, "Don't I get a say?"

I was suspended there, barely penetrated, wanting more, and almost annoyed. "You know what? No." I rocked my hips sharply, and broke free from his grip. Suddenly, he was inside me. He filled me, stretched me, pushed against my cervix. It was utterly incredible.

He groaned as I started moving on top of him. "Brat," he breathed, as my hips picked up the pace. "Bossy little brat."

I leaned forward as I slammed my pussy up and down against his cock. "Damn right, lover." I bit his ear. "What, were you expecting some pliant young thing?" 

Elsa had come up close to our joining, watching with fascination. She turned to Matt. "Do you think you might come inside her?"

"Maybe." He started playing with my nipples, roughly, and I saw Elsa move up and start to lick Matt's own nipples. He liked it rough, too, apparently, as he bucked up against me when she bit less than gently. I watched them, on top of him, filled with his cock and fucking it for all I was worth. I felt his thrusts beneath me quicken, and his breath became ragged. My own orgasm started to build within me, and I rode it up, up, up, feeling it flow over me. Suddenly, it broke over me like a wave, and I was letting out a cry of my own. I looked down, saw them watching me, and suddenly he grunted, and thrust hard into me, pushing me into another orgasm. I heard Elsa exclaim in amazement, but I didn't catch exactly what she said. All that existed was my orgasm, and feeling every twitch and splash as he emptied deep inside me. I collapsed onto his chest, pulled Elsa up with me, and kissed her between gasps. I felt Matt's cock twitch inside me.

"Liked that, did you?" I asked him. He nodded. "You?" I asked Elsa.

Elsa smiled her toothy grin. "He's never done that before, you know."

"Done what, had a threesome?" I was perplexed.

"No, silly. Come inside a woman that wasn't me."

This pair was strange indeed, but I think I liked them. A lot.