 Parts 1 and 2 were posted in Loving Wives. The story is developing more into group sex-related activities, so I'll post the rest in that category. 

*****

Chapter 8

I woke to sunlight streaming in through the bedroom window directly onto my face. I tried to ignore it but it was far too bright, so I rolled over and buried my face between layers of pillows. That only forced me to re-breathe my stale, warm air, causing a wave of nausea and bile to rise in my throat. I flipped onto my back, covered my eyes with the pillows, leaving my nose and mouth free to breathe fresh air.

It was no use, though. I couldn't go back to sleep. I sat up and stared around the room. Sandy's naked ass poked out from beneath the bedcovers and pillows. I checked to make sure she was still breathing; She was. I climbed out of bed and stumbled, catching myself on the nightstand to keep from falling.

"Whoever designed a bedroom with angled floors should have been shot," I thought as the room spun around me. 

I staggered into the bathroom and gaped at my reflection in the mirror. Dear God, who was this disheveled witch who stared back at me? Again, I felt the bile rising and leaned over the sink until the wave of nausea passed. I turned on the cold water and splashed it on my face. When that failed to stop the pounding between my ears, I abandoned the sink and made my way to the glass-enclosed shower stall. I turned on the water and waited until it was steaming hot before stepping in.

I stood within the cascading drizzle, unmoving, just letting it splash all over me. My head was spinning, and I couldn't remain upright, so I sat down on the tile floor, leaning against the wall. All I could think about was "Why, oh why did I drink so much?" A sudden spasm of nausea hit me, and I nearly vomited. Even though the water was as hot as it could go, I was shivering from a chill. 

Thankfully, the hotel seemed to have an endless supply of hot water. After several minutes, the dizziness and nausea began to pass and the chill faded. Finally, I was able to stand up and actually clean myself. Slowly, I washed my hair and body, enjoying the feeling of returning to a more normal condition. Eventually, I rinsed and stepped out to dry off, then pulled on one of the luxuriously plush bathrobes the hotel provided.

I walked back into the bedroom and uncovered Sandy. As I looked down at her naked body, I remembered last night. I had finally dipped my toes into the lady pond. Hell, I think I plunged in head first, multiple times. "Was it the booze that made me do that?" I wondered as another wave of nausea rolled through me making me shudder. 

"Oh shit, don't think about alcohol."

I sat down on the side of the bed next to my best friend and nudged her softly. "Sandy," I said gently. "Wake up."

There was no response, so I nudged her harder and spoke louder. "Sandy, wake up."

She fidgeted, trying to bury herself entirely under the pile of pillows. When she still didn't respond, I shook her shoulder and shouted, "Sandy! Wake up!"

"Fuck you," she retorted, groggily. "Wake me up when it's time to go."

"It is time to go," I said. "It's 11:30; our appointment is at 12:00." We had scheduled spa treatments and massages for noon thinking we would be up in plenty of time. Little did we know then that our asses would be dragging this poorly in the morning.

"I don't want to go," she replied, trying to cover her head with the pillows. "You go without me. I'll be here."

"No, hell you won't," I said, feigning anger. "Get your hungover ass up and into the shower."

She laid there ignoring me, pretending to have gone back to sleep. I looked around the room and spied Sandy's wide belt lying over the back of a chair. I picked it up and slapped it across her ass hard enough to make a loud crack and leave a red mark. Sandy jumped and grabbed her ass, crying out, "Owww! Fuck!" She glared at me, rubbing her tender ass cheek.

I swung the belt again and hit her other cheek equally as hard. She jumped back and spun around to get her ass out of striking range. "What the fuck!" she shouted. "Stop hitting me, you bitch!"

"Get up then!" I shouted, waving the belt. "Get your ass in the shower."

"Fuck you!" she snapped back at me in defiance.

Crack! I slapped her ass again. 

"Fuck, Angie, stop it!" she cried out, jumping out of bed and onto her feet. I chased her into the bathroom with the belt, and into the open shower. I dropped the belt and my bathrobe and climbed in with her, turning the water on full blast. The cold spray hit us both and took our breath away for a moment before it warmed back up. Sandy leaned against the wall, clutching her glowing red ass cheeks, making soft whimpering sounds.

Sandy looked much worse than I felt. I put my arms around her and held her close, "You'll be ok, honey," I said as I kissed her cheek. 

"Just let me crawl under a rock and die," she mumbled.

I laughed and proceeded to wash her. By the time I finished, she seemed fairly well recovered. "You going to survive?" I asked Sandy as I turned off the water.

"I may never drink again," she said, trying to laugh, but immediately regretting it as it made her head start to spin again. We dried off and made our way out to the living room. Sandy slipped into a pair of yoga pants and tube top, while I made us coffee. I left her to get some caffeine in her system as I went into the bedroom to put on a bikini and a see-through beach cover-up. When I came back out Sandy looked like a new woman.

"Coffee is a lifesaver," she said, smiling.

I nodded and retrieved my cup, taking a long drink, savoring the dark, nutty flavor and feeling the warmth spread inside me. My mind went back to last night. I watched Sandy as I thought again about what we had done. She stared at me and our eyes met. We both startled blushing, then giggling.

"Ok, well," she said, laughing, "we've crossed that bridge now."

"Several times," I added.

"Several delicious times," she corrected me.

I kissed her on the lips softly, then finished my coffee. "Come on," I told Sandy as I rinsed the cup in the little sink. "We're going to be late."

Chapter 9

We arrived at the check-in counter at the spa with only two minutes to spare. The girl that checked us in was polite. I think she could tell we were feeling pretty rough, but that did not stop her from offering us a glass of champagne while we waited.

Sandy groaned, but I actually thought some "hair of the dog" might do me some good, so I accepted the offer. When she handed it to me, the smell alone made my stomach flip-flop, and I felt a cold chill creep along my spine again. I fought through it and took a sip. It was horrible, but to my surprise, I almost immediately began to feel better.

A couple of minutes later, a woman wearing a peach colored smock and matching tights came out to collect us and led us inside to a room for our manicures, pedicures, and facials. I finished the glass of champagne, and someone immediately refilled it for me. By now, Sandy had gotten up the courage to join me, and soon she too was feeling human again.

We got our nails done and had a light massage, but the real fun started when we laid back, and they worked on our faces. I've always loved to be pampered, and the ladies at this spa were experts at it. The combination of the late night, the hangover, the relaxing treatment, and the champagne caused me to doze off. I think I actually slept for most of the facial, which was a bit of a waste. I needed it and felt so much better afterward, so I was happy anyway.

After the facials, we were taken back to a beautiful lounge area where lunch was provided. I had a delicious grilled salmon with a lemon-dill sauce and roasted asparagus. I enjoyed a glass of Sauvignon Blanc with it, which only added to my sublimely relaxed condition. The main course was followed by cherry cheesecake and an espresso. I had been starving and ate more than I should have. It's funny; when I get a hangover, I either want to eat like a pig, or I can't eat at all. Today, I was a ravenous swine.

After lunch, we were escorted to the sauna area. We spent fifteen minutes in the dry sauna. I think I sweated out whatever was left of my hangover. Following that, we spent several minutes in a salt sauna. I'd never done that before. It was a room that appeared to be carved out of pink Himalayan salt. We laid naked on slabs of the smooth, stone-like material. The temperature was not as hot as the dry sauna, but much more humid.

Following the salt room, we put on our robes and were taken across the hallway to the ice room. As the name implies, it was a room that looked similar to the salt room, but instead of pink salt, it was carved out of bluish-white, snowy ice. We were told to disrobe and sit for as long as we can handle. I made it for forty-five seconds, and Sandy made it for almost three minutes. 

After practically freezing our asses off, our hostess took us to the final part of the sauna tour, a luxurious, Japanese onsen-style heated pool. It was made to resemble a natural hot spring, with a cascading waterfall of piping-hot water. We submerged up to our faces in the steamy water. I could feel all of my stress, anxiety, and toxins melting away, out of my body.

When the girl came to fetch us, it took her a long time to coerce us to leave the heavenly bliss of the onsen. I noticed that Sandy's body was bright pink from the heat. "You look like a boiled shrimp," I said laughing. 

She giggled and replied, "I feel like one if a boiled shrimp feels like an extremely relaxed and well-manicured horny housewife."

Our hostess chuckled and held the robe for Sandy, helping her put it on. As she finished tying it for Sandy, she turned to me and helped me with mine. "I took the liberty of setting up your massages in our couples room so that you can be next to each other," she explained.

"Oh, thanks," I replied, smiling at the pretty young Hispanic girl. "That's sweet of you." She took her time tying my belt, standing very close to me. I could feel my nipples getting hard and placed my hands gently on hers, "Oh, hang on," I said, stopping her. I pulled the robe open to reveal my naked breasts and slowly scratched around an erect nipple. "It itches."

She blushed and slid her hand up to my breast, pushing my fingers away, and lightly scratched around the areola for me. "Is that better?" she asked.

"Much," I replied. I wanted to lean forward and kiss the girl, but I controlled myself. "Are you going to be my masseuse?" I asked her, biting my bottom lip. 

She giggled and finally tied my robe shut. "No, I arranged for two of our sexiest male masseurs for you ladies. They are preferred by many of our more adventurous female guests."

"Adventurous?" Sandy interjected, giggling, "that pretty much describes us this weekend.

"My name is Hanna," the girl explained, "please ask for me next time you come for a massage. I'd love to rub you both, all over."

Hanna led us into the couples massage room. Sandy disrobed, and climbed onto one of the massage tables, while I got on the other, face down as directed by Hanna. She covered us with the thick, plush covers, but not before giving each of our naked asses a playful squeeze.

"Enjoy your massages," she said then quickly exited the room.

Moments later the door opened, and two hot looking guys came in wearing baggy peach athletic shorts and matching peach tank tops. They were both ripped and gorgeous. One had short bleach-blonde hair and told us his name was Armand. He spoke with a foreign accent that I assumed was French. The other man had long dark hair, pulled back into a short ponytail, with a dark complexion. His name was Miguel, and he spoke with a hint of what I assumed as a Mexican accent, but he quickly corrected me. He was actually from Spain. Both men were very muscular and had model-level good looks.

Armand approached Sandy, and I got Miguel. It didn't matter to me, as I would have been happy with either of them. The massages began reasonably normal. I was okay with that. Miguel had a magic touch, and he had me in a deeply relaxed state as he worked my shoulders and neck. I was slightly disappointed when he moved on to my arms, hands, and fingers. The feel of his oiled hands working my skin was soothing and more than a little arousing, even though he hadn't gotten close to any of my actual erogenous zones.

I wanted to lift my head and look around, but I was a good client and kept still, with my face stuck in the little round pillow that held my head stationary. I could look through the hole and see Miquel's bare feet and muscular legs. I could see the bulge in his shorts. "Mmmm," I thought, "he has a big cock."

He walked to my side and out of my view. I sighed softly in disappointment, followed by louder sighs of pleasure, as I felt his slick hands slide over my back and down all the way to my hips. I expected him to stop there, as usually happened at every massage I'd ever had before. However, as his hands moved up along the edge of my hips, they continued under the cover and onto my ass. I gasped, sucking in air. He chuckled softly and massaged my ass cheeks briefly before his hands slid back up all the way to my shoulder blades. I was finding it hard to think clearly, and my breath was becoming labored.

Miguel slowly inched his hands down again, and I breathed in deeply. As his fingers slipped under the sheet onto my ass, I moaned and lifted my hips, pushing my round ass cheeks into his hands. He kneaded them for several sensuous seconds before stopping and returning to my back. I dropped my hips and let out my breath. I whimpered.

"Let's get this out of the way," I heard Miguel say. I wanted to look and see what he was doing, but I resisted the temptation to turn around. I felt him take hold of the sheet and slowly peel it off my hips, exposing my bare ass to the room. He drew it down and off my body, leaving me laying there completely naked. I was trembling slightly, but not from the cold.

"Would you like me to turn on the table warmer?" Miguel asked, leaning down next to my ear. I lifted my head and looked at him. He smiled at me, and I felt myself melt. He was a gorgeous man, and he was close enough for me to smell his manly scent. It was intoxicating. 

"Umm," I replied softly, "maybe just a little."

I heard a moan from Sandy, and I looked over at her. Like me, she was completely naked and uncovered, lying face down. Armand stood between us with his back to me. He was massaging Sandy's ass cheeks with both hands, firmly. She had her legs spread wide, feet dangling off the sides of the massage table. I noticed Armand would slide his hands down between her thighs every few strokes. Each time he did, she would lift her ass off the table and let out a little moan.

"Holy shit!" I thought. I glanced up at Miguel as if to say, "Are you going to massage me like that?" He winked at me and poured more oil onto his hands. I lowered my head back into the cradle and breathed in deeply in anticipation. I didn't have to wait long.

He placed his hands on my back and slid them slowly down and over my hips onto my ass cheeks. He had one big, manly hand on each cheek and rolled them around in large circles, squeezing the soft flesh with each rotation. Unlike before, he didn't stop but continued to focus on my butt. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feel of his strong hands on my ass.

When I felt his fingertips slide into my ass crack and move up and down, I gasped. I knew I should stop him, but it felt incredible. I liked it too much to make him quit. I shifted on the table, lifting my hips a bit and wiggling my ass back and forth. He patted my rump playfully, then removed both hands, leaving me disappointed and urgently needing more.

Had I done something wrong? Was my reaction inappropriate? Had I misinterpreted his touch?

I was confused and on the verge of apologizing, when I felt something warm and wet pouring onto my ass and running down into the crack and all over my pussy. I sucked in the air as Miguel returned his hands to my butt and began sliding them wetly all over it, spreading the oil. I smiled into the cradle and wiggled my ass again.

While Miguel rubbed one of my cheeks firmly, his other hand slid into the crack of my ass and ventured lower. I moaned, like Sandy and spread my legs open, giving him more access. His fingers brushed my asshole, and I expected them to continue down, but he stopped and rubbed my naughtiest opening softly with his oily fingers. My hips bucked involuntarily, and I let out a long slow groan.

He was tormenting me, rubbing his fingertip in the center of my tight anus, all wet and slippery from the oil. I raised my hips and pushed against his finger. My attention was momentarily snatched away when I heard Sandy cry out suddenly, "Oh fuck yes, eat me!" 

I turned to see her on her back, legs spread, with Armand bent over the table, his head between my best friends thighs. As I watched, Miguel pushed his finger into my ass, and I started cumming instantly. I completely lost control and bucked up and down as I spasmed and panted.

I came hard, and it lasted several seconds, as I bounced my hips up and down, taking his finger deeper into my ass. As my orgasm crested and began to fade, Miguel rolled me onto my side and pulled my knee up, forcing my legs apart. He pushed two fingers into my pussy and began to fuck me with them. I rocked my hips, grinding into his hand, as my sexy masseur slid his fingers inside me deeply, curling them and hitting my g-spot. I thrust my hips and held onto his shoulders while he finger fucked me roughly. 

I clung to him, pumping my hips and fucking his hand. He held my ass in his free hand, rubbing his fingers on my hot asshole. It felt so debaucherous, so erotic and so good. I wanted his cock and reached down, feeling it bulging out the front of his shorts, hard as a rock. I gripped it through the athletic shorts and stroked him. It was so thick in my hand, much more than Greg's cock or even Tony's big dick.

I could feel another orgasm getting closer. I grabbed the waistband of Miguel's shorts and yanked them down, taking his boner into my hands and stroking it aggressively. He groaned and worked my pussy faster, harder, fingers grinding on my g-spot. He shoved a finger into my ass and fucked both of my holes at the same time. That was more than I could take, and I started cumming again, my hands jacking his beautiful cock rapidly. I tried my best not to scream from the intensity of the pleasure I was experiencing but failed.

I heard Sandy cumming loudly and glanced over my shoulders to see her bent over the massage table being fucked hard and fast by Armand. He was naked, and his ass muscles were flexing tightly as he fucked my best friend. Something inside me had changed. I felt demanding and aggressive. I started tugging on Miguel's cock, "Come here," I said, "give me this cock."

Miguel pushed me on my back and quickly stripped. He climbed up on the table, spread my legs and moved to lay between them. I felt the head of his dick rubbing my pussy, and I parted my thighs as far apart as I could. I wrapped my ankles around his ass, pulling him closer. 

"Come here and fuck me!" I snarled at him. I'd never been one to give orders during sex, but I was getting into it.

He moved forward, and I felt a sudden, sharp, stretching pain as his thick cockhead penetrated me. His cock felt as big around as a beer bottle as it forced my pussy open. Greg had never stretched me like that! I arched my back and let out a deep, shuddering, pleasure-induced growl. "Ahh, fuck yes! That's a real cock!"

I put my hand around his neck and pulled him down to me, but he drew away, smiling wickedly. He raised my legs, tossing my feet over his shoulders and started pounding his fat cock into me rapidly. I grunted with each powerful thrust and pumped my hips up, driving my pussy onto his shaft. I threw my head back and let my inner slut free. I could feel the head of his cock drive against my g-spot and then bump into my cervix almost painfully every time he drove into me. Each pounding slam of his cock carried me deeper and deeper into carnal bliss.
