 Greetings beloved readers, this is the fourth of a five part series. I will post each chapter about a week apart. Many thanks to fellow authors and occasional collaborators Friskee_cpl who gave me notes on the story and whose stories served as a vital inspiration for this tale.

*

It was nearly seven-thirty when Tuli woke Roy for a kiss. She was wearing her Scarlet Knights sports-bra and tight black shorts. Her hair was pulled up into a high pony-tail and a red sweatband hugged her forehead. She looked both cute and sexy. It was almost enough to tempt Roy out of the sheets. Almost.

"Enjoy your jog," he mumbled as he rolled back into his pillow.

"Don't want to come with me?" she asked.

"No. Wanna sleep."

At home they usually ran together but Roy had decided that all the swimming, dancing and screwing they'd been doing this week made jogging temporarily superfluous. Tuli was much more dedicated. The old photo of her pimply, pudgy, high school self that she kept on the fridge was all the motivation she had ever needed to maintain a near-fanatic devotion to her exercise program and perpetual diet. Roy hated that she tortured herself so, but he had to admit... he really liked the results.

"I love you," she said as she paused at the door.

"Love you too," he said. "Have fun."

Roy laid back and waited for sleep. His mind was blank, almost Zen-like in its gummy, post pot-binge state of mental ruin. It had been years and years since he'd smoked weed, longer still since he'd smoked so much. He remembered now why he stopped. He felt like he'd lost ten IQ points and his lungs felt shriveled, black and heavy with resin.

As his mind rambled aimlessly through the debris of fragmented memories, the queasy realities of yesterday began to pop to the surface. Details came flooding back in a rush: Jimmy, Wanda, that African kid Mike, the police woman Naines and her middle aged partner Warton. Soon his foggy mind was churning with a quick-cut whirlpool of fresh, sordid recollections that both aroused and repulsed him. He opened his eyes and stared at the seascape that hung on the wall. But still his mind's eye tormented him.

Roy realized he wasn't going to get back to sleep. He got up, pulled on a pair of shorts and headed for the back door hoping that the sea air would clear his mind. That's where he found Jimmy: at the edge of the cabin's little patio, leaning on the scrubby oak by the bar-b-queue, talking to one of the red-headed girls from Cabin E next door.

"Yeah, but is it naturally red?" Jimmy was saying as he flicked at a stray strand of auburn hair that had escaped the girl's braids. She wore a gray tee-shirt that read 'Frelinghuysen Freshmen Girl's Volleyball' and a pair of cutoff denim shorts. She was a couple of inches taller than Jimmy, but she stood just off the raised brick patio to strategically conceal the difference. As Jimmy teased her, she giggled and chewed suggestively on the ear piece of her black framed glasses while self-consciously thrusting out her chest and arching her back.

"Oh, hey bro," said Jimmy when Roy opened the door. "This is, umm... it's Molly, right?"

"Yeah," she said. "It's Molly."

"This is my man, Roy," said Jimmy. "I was telling Molly how we were partying yesterday and she..."

"Hold on Jimmy. How old are you Molly?"

"She told me she's nineteen."

"I am nineteen."

"Whoa, no way," said Roy. "Sorry kid, you aren't invited," he said as he turned and walked back inside. 

"I gotta talk to Roy about that thing we discussed, but I'll see you around, right?" said Jimmy quickly as he followed Roy into the cabin.

"Christ Jimmy, what are you thinking? Nineteen!?"

"What are you thinking? Nineteen is legal, man. Do you think she has red pussy hair? Oh man, I love a..."

"What about Wanda?"

"What about her?" He snorted a laughed. "Hey, forget the bitches for a sec. I gotta run up to Staten Island today, you wanna come with?"

"Staten Island?"

"Yeah, those kids Wanda and I partied with last night smoked up all my weed, so I gotta run up to see my dealer."

"Christ, that'll take most of the day from here."

"Not the way I drive!" he laughed. "But yeah, it's a real pain in the ass."

"You couldn't find anyone to buy from around here? Or go without?"

"Yeah, right, vacation without weed," he snorted his contempt for the idea. "Problem is, I don't want to ask around too much because if I get busted one more time I'm gonna be in deep shit. Louie - he's my man in S.I. -- him I can trust. So, you coming or not?"

"No! I'm supposed to be having a romantic vacation with my wife, remember?"

"Yeah, I figured you say something like that. That's why I figured you, me and the girls should have a little orgy before I go. I want to have a nice fuck-buzz goin' when I leave. I was tryin' to get that redhead in on it too, but you kinda fucked that up, bro."

"An orgy? Now? Um, well... Tuli's out jogging right now.'

"Well, shit! I guess it's just you, me and Wanda Jean then," said Jimmy as he pulled out a phone and tapped a button. "Hey babe, got your face on? ...No, she's jogging. ...No. ...Yeah, I know. ...No, just come on over here. ...Yeah, of course. ...How the fuck should I know? He just said she went jogging. Now just get your boney ass the fuck over here, will ya?"

"If she doesn't want to..." started Roy, but Jimmy held up a hand to silence him.

"...Right. See you in a second babe," finished Jimmy. He slipped the phone back into his cargo shorts. "She'll be right over."

A minute later Wanda walked in the front door without knocking. "Hi, Roy," she said while scanning the room. "Tuli back yet?"

"Still jogging."

"Bummer."

"Well bro, while the bitch is away the player will play!" said Jimmy with a laugh.

Roy opened his mouth to ask Jimmy to please not refer to his wife as 'The Bitch' but Jimmy had already moved on to more urgent considerations. "So, you ready to DP Wanda, bro?"

Still foggy-brained, Roy felt unmoored, like events were pushing him along before he had a chance to think or react. All he knew was something about Jimmy's plan bothered him.

"Umm...I don't know ... maybe..." he said.

"Why don't we just wait for Tuli?" asked Wanda.

"Cause you'll have all fuckin' day to lez out on Tooley and I wanna shoot my load and get on the road. Besides, I bet you'd like two cocks at once, wouldn't you? Come on, admit it."

"Yeah, I guess," she said.

"Hey, maybe we should..." started Roy.

"Don't you start with me," said Jimmy. "Wanda, take his dick out and suck it. And if he complains again, bite it off," he laughed.

Wanda laughed too. "Yeah, OK," she said with a grin that made Roy uneasy. She knelt in front of him and started opening his shorts. Jimmy got behind her.

Wanda wasted no time in sliding Roy's manhood into her mouth. Her tiny fingers circled the base and cradled his balls as his cock slipped over her lips, past her teeth and up along her tongue. With her face locked on Roy's cock, Jimmy pulled Wanda up by her hips and yanked her mini-skirt down her legs. Crouching behind, he buried his face in her pussy. She shuddered at the sensation, her mouth quivering around Roy's shaft as she clutched his pelvis for support. Roy slipped his hands under her to hold her firm little tits and she hummed her pleasure around his burgeoning erection.

But still Roy fought a growing sense of vague anxiety. He struggled to will his mind back into the calm, befuddled blankness of earlier and focus only on the pleasure of his cock slipping back and forth along Wanda's tongue. He let his eyes wander into the sleeve of tattooed vines extending up her left arm and coiling out across her shoulder. He grew hypnotized by the play of her wiry muscles beneath the tapestry of her flesh as he felt the pleasure build within him. He pushed her tube-top down her body and took her nipples in his hands. She hummed encouragement as she redoubled her attention to the sensitive cords of skin just beneath the helmet of his prick. If he could just relax he'd come any second.

It was then that Jimmy ruined everything. Standing up behind her to line up his cock to Wanda's pussy, he reached forward he put the palm of his hand on the back of her head. "Come on, babe. Show Roy what you can do," he said as he pushed forward.

She resisted as Jimmy pressed her face deeper onto Roy's shaft. Roy felt his cock force its way down her throat. His body erupted in goose-bumps at the tight, muscular feel of her esophagus but she began to thrash uncomfortably the further he filled her. Roy shrank back and pulled himself from her mouth. She gasped loudly as his dick popped free.

"Jesus fucking Christ Jimmy, stop that," she said with a cough.

"I promised Roy a deep-throat. Don't make me a liar."

"Then you suck him off then. Roy's a lot wider than you and that fucking hurts."

Jimmy didn't say anything but Roy could tell immediately that Wanda had said exactly the wrong thing. Jimmy's face had fallen from a mischievous grin to dead eyed fury in a blink.

"Oh. I'm too small for you, huh?"

"Jimmy, that's not what I..."

"Maybe I should fuck you somewhere where you can feel it then," he said. Grabbing her hips roughly, he spat once onto her asshole and pressed forward with his cock. His eyes had a wild, vengeful look.

"What are you doing? Ow! Use more fuckin' lube you dick!"

"It shouldn't be a problem right? Not with my tiny dick, huh? So just fucking take it, bitch."

"Hey... Come on Jimmy..." began Roy, but a cold stare from Jimmy shut him up.

Wanda held onto Roy's cock like a lifeline as Jimmy pumped her mercilessly. She whimpered and swore as her tiny body twisted and shook from his vicious invasion. Roy stayed silent, just wishing this whole ugly scene was finished. He should try to stop this, he knew, but how? Jimmy was so damn muscular and Roy really didn't want to get beaten to a pulp this morning; not for Wanda, anyway.

So Roy did nothing. Fortunately, it was soon over. Jimmy pitched forward with a grunt and shuddered as he erupted, balls deep in Wanda's backside.

"There you go, did you feel that?" he said, slapping her ass hard as he backed away. He glared at Roy with a grim stare as he pulled on his shorts with an angry swiftness.

"You're such a fucking baby. That hurt, you jackoff!" cried Wanda.

Roy said nothing. He just stood there with his dick in Wanda's hand.

Jimmy pointed at Roy as if accusing him of something. "When I get back it's Tooley's turn. We're gonna double up on your bitch - ass and pussy." He turned and walked off through the kitchen towards the back door.

"Hey, I think that's up to..."

"Fair's fair, Bro. You fuckin' owe me..." shouted Jimmy. "Later!" The door slammed shut behind him as he left.

"Fuck," said Wanda. "He can be such an asshole."

"Do you love him?"

Wanda shrugged. "Oh he's usually OK. And he's got a real nice apartment, way better than I could afford as a goddamned barista. There's a doorman and everything."

"Oh."

Wanda pulled off her tube top and threw it aside. "Hey, you want to finish what we started? Come on, let's screw. You really do have a pretty good cock, Roy-boy." Her grin was suddenly cute and mischievous.

"Uh, thanks..." said Roy as she pulled herself close to his chest.

She was so tiny, easily more than a foot shorter than Roy. He felt his cock throb against her upper abdomen as she held him tightly. She took the initiative, pushing Roy back onto the couch and climbing up onto his lap. She pulled his face to hers and kissed him deeply. Roy kissed back. He circled his arms around her, feeling her body and pulling her to him. She rose up and guided his erection to the gates of her sex. With a satisfied sigh, she sat back and let him fill her. Their eyes met. Holding their gaze she began moving up and down, fucking him slowly as her breath came in short gasps.

"Mmm, how's that?" she purred into his ear. She reached up and took fistfuls of his hair in her tiny hands. She pulled his head back and chewed on his neck as she rode him with increased urgency. "It's so nice to fuck a guy with some hair," she breathed.

"Oh... Good," he said. Holy shit, she felt good: tight, miniature. It was like fucking a mythic species: a pixie or maybe a sexy hobbit.

"Roooy, Some asshole keyed our ..." came Tuli's voice as the door swung open. She froze when she saw Wanda riding her husband down to his balls.

"Oh...Hi honey," said Roy weakly.

"Tuli!" gasped Wanda. "Come here... join us... I wanna kiss you."

Tuli walked over slowly. She paused behind Wanda and, taking her shoulders in lightly in hand, pecked her gently on top of her head. Wanda came immediately, screaming out in a short bark as she quaked on Roy's cock.

"Oh... I wish you'd got back earlier," sighed Wanda as she finally shook off the last of her climax.

"Would you give me a couple of minutes alone with Roy, sweetie?" said Tuli.

"Sure," said Wanda as she climbed off Roy's cock. She pulled on her top and skirt as she headed for the back door. "I need a smoke now anyway."

Tuli just stood looking at Roy as she waited for Wanda to leave. Roy's cock was glistening with Wanda's dampness as she stared at it with disappointment. "So you changed your mind, huh?" she finally said.

"Wha...?" began Roy. But then he remembered. On the way to the cabin last night with Tuli, who was exhausted and freaked out after their episode under the boardwalk, he'd suggested they keep the rest of the vacation "one-on-one". He'd put a halt to their little experiment and then completely forgotten about it.

"Look Roy, we can screw around with other people or we can keep it strictly between us, but you have to make up your mind which it's going to be."

"Oh shit, I forgot... I'm sorry."

"Roy, we can't work this based on how hard your dick is at any given time."

"Jimmy started it, I..."

"Jimmy? Please, Roy. If were going to do this," she indicated his damp cock. "It has to be something we do as a couple. Do you really want to give me permission to fuck any cute jogger who comes up and asks me if I want to use the Jacuzzi at his condo? I could have today you know... twice!"

Roy swallowed hard. She had a point. He tried to explain. "Listen, this shit doesn't come naturally to me and I don't know how it's supposed to work. I'd slept with a total of nine women before you. Nine. I'm trying babe, you have to believe me. But it's hard."

Tuli smiled at him sadly. "Remember last night? I said I was scared I was relapsing back to my horrible slutty self? I'm still scared Roy. I don't trust myself if we start straying out of our relationship. I know how I am, Roy; that Wild Girl is still in there trying to get out. I don't need the temptation." He saw a tear fall down her cheek. "I love you Roy. I want to have crazy sex with you. Any other person we bring into our bed is to make our sex better, together."

"Jesus. I'm sorry honey... I fucked up," he said.

"It's OK. I'm sorry I bitched out. Maybe what you need is for me to..."

She paused mid sentence when she was interrupted by a thump that came from the living room window. Her eyes popped open in surprise and disbelief at something glanced from the corner of her eye.

"What was that?" asked Roy.

"I... I think Wanda just caught the kid next store peeking in our window."

"E-boy again?" he said, using their private nickname for the kid from cabin E; Tuli's not so secret admirer.

"I think so. But she pulled him away from the window. I only saw some red hair and his glasses."

It occurred to Roy that he'd seen E-boy reading one paperback after another down on the beach, but never wearing glasses. He got a sudden sinking feeling. "Black glasses? Clunky hipster frames?"

"They were black."

"Oh shit."

That's when the front door burst open and Wanda re-entered driving Molly ahead of her. Molly was bent at the waist as she twisted in discomfort at the end of Wanda's tattooed left arm. With Molly nearly six feet tall and Wanda barely five, they looked badly mismatched as Wanda pulled her to the center of the living room. Wanda stood triumphant as she firmly held Molly's ear and squeezed.

"Ow!" said Molly.

"Look who I caught peeking in the window." she said as she released her ear.

Roy sighed as he pulled a pillow onto his lap to hide his dick. This was getting way too complicated.

"Did your brother send you to spy on us?" demanded Tuli in full-on teacher mode; as if interrogating an eighth grader over a breach in discipline.

"My brother?"

"We've seen him ogling my wife," offered Roy although he already knew it wasn't Molly's dorky brother that had prompted her to peek into their cabin. He wondered exactly what Jimmy had told her.

"I don't pimp for my brother."

"Well, what are you doing here then?" said Wanda, accusingly.

"Oh... I don't know," sighed Molly as she sat, uninvited, on the couch. "I feel like I'm going frickin' crazy down here. My boyfriend's hitchhiking across Europe this summer while I'm working a shit job so I can afford my stupid textbooks next year. I get one stinking week off and I have to spend it on the Jersey shore at lame-assed Blaire-fucking-Island... with my family. And I'm sure my boyfriend's cheating on me over there. I'd feel better about it if I was fucking around too, but I haven't been with anyone in almost four weeks. I'm just so bored and horny I could die." 

"And Jimmy told you we're swingers?" asked Wanda, sounding more pissed at Jimmy than Molly now. "And invited you to come over and fuck around with us?"

"Well, not in so many words, but... yeah, pretty much."

Tuli sat down between her and Roy and reached up to remove the girl's glasses. Molly didn't resist. She had large chestnut brown eyes in a plain, wholesome face speckled with a constellation of freckles. She squinted at them in blurry trepidation.

"So, you want to play with us, huh?"

The girl swallowed nervously. "Yeah..."

"Did James tell you about the initiation?" asked Tuli.

Wanda smiled, suddenly very interested in where this was going. Tuli turned to her and Roy and winked. Roy grinned as he began to see Tuli's plan to get rid of the kid. At least, that's what he thought he was seeing.

"Initiation?" said Molly, looking nervous. "What... What would I have to do?" she asked quietly as her eyes darted around the room.

"Everything, sweetie," said Wanda. "Everything."

"I'm not a lezzie, OK? I don't eat pussy."

"Well, I'm not a lezzie and I do," said Tuli.

Molly looked to Wanda and Roy. "I'll do anything else... I'm just not queer."

"Well, maybe you should leave then? And when you go, stay the hell away from our window," said Tuli as she offered the girl her glasses.

But Molly didn't take them. "I'll do anything else..." she said.

"Take off your clothes then," blurted out Wanda.

Tuli shot Wanda a grin as Molly stood and began nervously pulling off her tee-shirt and denim shorts. Roy looked hard at Tuli - a whatthefuck look - but she ignored him. Her eyes had a gleam that could only be described as predatory. Was it an act? He had no idea.

Molly stopped undressing when she reached the bikini she was wearing beneath her clothes. She seemed to tremble and her eyes danced with reluctant desire as they inspected her body. As Tuli reached out towards her bottoms Molly grasped her lower lip tightly in her teeth and closed her eyes. As Tuli's hands slipped under the fabric she nearly jumped out of her skin. But she did not recoil, merely gasping as Tuli slid her fingers into her labia.

"Oh my, you're so wet. I think you like being ordered around, Hmm? I bet what you really want is for us to make you do the all the freaky things you're too afraid to try," she cast a sidelong look at Roy before turning back to the girl. "I'm right aren't I?"
