 (Author's notes: This is Chapter 2 of a continuous story. It won't completely make sense without reading Chapter 1 first.)

: : : : :

H O L L Y : : : The next day was wonderful, but exhausting. We got another early start and headed up California route 1, one of the prettiest scenic roads I've ever seen. Shannon noticed some large rocks, with the ocean surf breaking onto them, and we stopped. We hiked down a trail to see them up close, only from the road, you couldn't tell how far away they were, or how colossal they actually were. The further we hiked, the farther away they seemed to be. When we finally reached them, we felt like ants among the massive boulders, with giant waves throwing spray so far up into the air that little rainbows danced through them as they fell back into the sea.

We went to Muir Woods to see the giant redwoods. Saying the redwoods are awe-inspiring is like saying a Renoir canvas is colorful. We hiked the longest of the trails there, taking hours to enjoy the trees, the breeze, the sounds, the scents, the serenity.

We didn't get lunch until mid-afternoon, at a sandwich shop at Stinson Beach, then we walked on the beach. We took off our shoes and got our feet wet, once, but the water was way too cold. We strolled, watching the sea birds feed, and the endless waves roll onto the shore. We ended up walking all the way to the rocks that define the south edge of the beach, which was farther than we meant to, meaning we had that much farther to walk back. The tide was in, covering the hard-packed portion of the beach, so we had to walk on loose, soft sand -- quite tiring. By the time we trudged back to the car, we were exhausted, but we did get to watch the sun settle into the sea for the second straight night.

We ate lunch so late, nobody needed much dinner. We each got a slice of pizza at another beach eatery, and headed back to the city. 

By the time we got to the room, Shannon and I only had to exchange one little glance to agree we would postpone phase two, where the two of us get double-teamed by the guys. We all collapsed into bed, and unusually for us, I don't think anyone did anything. I know Mark and I didn't -- I was asleep before my head hit the pillow. 

: : : : : 

M A R K : : : The next day, we saw sights accessible on foot: Coit Tower, Lombard Street, and the Cable Car Museum, which is actually more than a museum -- it contains the motors and pulleys that actually drive the cables powering the entire cable car system. 

It was a lot of walking, although nothing like yesterday. We had an early dinner, then we strolled around the Fisherman's Wharf area, enjoying people watching and street performers.

We cabbed to the top of Nob Hill and had a drink at Top Of the Mark, watching the setting sun caress the Golden Gate Bridge. When we got back to the room, the girls were overflowing with sexual energy, same as the night before last. I would have sworn they couldn't surprise us again, but I would have been wrong.

S H A N N O N : : : One glance at Holly confirmed we were on for blowing the guys' minds, part two.

When Mark and I finished our shower, Holly led Jason into the bathroom for theirs. Mark reached over, as if to turn out the light, but looked at me, asking, "Let's leave it on, for now?" I nodded, pulled him to his feet, and led him to the stuffed chair beside the bed. 

He half-squinted at me and said, "Could I go first tonight, and whatever Jason sees, HE gets to do next?"

I laughed and said, "Think you got it all figured out, huh?" 

M A R K : : : Once again, it was obvious the girls had made plans, and no matter what I said, Shannon wasn't going to tell me what they were. And once again, I thought, this could be interesting... 

S H A N N O N : : : When Jason and Holly finished their shower, she led him to the bed. She settled into the center, and pulled him in beside her. I pulled Mark to his feet and placed him on the other side of Holly from Jason, then I settled into the chair.

Mark looked at me and raised his eyebrow, silently asking, WTF? I flicked my eyes over to Holly and he followed them, redirecting his attention. Holly was deep-kissing Jason, but when Mark snuggled in beside her, she pulled him in for his own uber-kiss.

H O L L Y : : : As I kissed Mark, I took their cocks in my hands, and began to stroke them. That was a first for me, a hard cock in each hand. The guys began playing with my breasts, cupping them, teasing the nipples -- I was in ecstasy. I continued deep-kissing the guys, and stroking their cocks.

M A R K : : : Jason and I slid down and captured her breasts in our mouths, unfortunately moving our dicks out of her reach. I drew circles around her nipple with my tongue, and traced my finger down her tummy, intending to tickle her clit. I found Jason's hand already there. He was already in her, so I stayed on the outside, rubbing patterns onto her clit with my fingertips.

J A S O N : : : I teased her g-spot, wiggling my fingers rapidly. 

H O L L Y : : : I have no idea what they were doing to me down there, but it felt incredible. Between stimulating my pussy with their hands, and my tits with their mouths, I fell into a sexual trance.

The guys had obviously figured out that our plan tonight was for them to double-team us, and they took charge. They both slipped off the bed and stood. I was on my back, and they pulled me to the edge of the bed.

They slid me to where I made a diagonal across the corner of the bed, my bum hanging off the foot, my head hanging off the side. Mark aligned his hard-on with my mouth, and Jason positioned his at my slit.

J A S O N : : : I pushed -- she was so ready I slid all the way in, and she thrust hard against me. I saw no reason to start slow and gentle -- I was ready, and obviously she was too.

M A R K : : : I eased into her mouth -- I don't think we've ever done oral when she was upside down, so I'd never felt her tongue across the top of my cock. It was tight, warm, and fantastic. I wanted to bury myself in her, but I held back slightly, so I wouldn't gag her. Jason was going for speed, but I long-stroked her mouth, nice and slow, for a different kind of intensity. 

H O L L Y : : : Mark was being a gentleman, easing his cock in and out of my mouth. I didn't need that, and I let him know by tugging his hips, pulling his cock in to the back of my throat. I pulled him in several times, signaling him it was fine with me to thrust more forcefully.

Jason, on the other hand, needed no such encouragement -- he was going to town. He lifted my thighs and rammed his cock into me quite aggressively. I crossed my feet behind the small of his back, which gave me the leverage to meet his thrusts halfway without slipping off the corner of the bed. 

I matched the timing and tempo of Mark's thrusts to Jason's. They entered simultaneously, and withdrew simultaneously. My breasts must have been jiggling invitingly, because Mark squeezed one, capturing the nipple between his thumb and forefinger. 

J A S O N : : : Mark grabbed a handful of tittie, rolling her nipple between his fingers, so I did too. Holly's nipples are so sensitive, she audibly responded, making a low, guttural sound in her throat. I've never heard her sound anything like that, even considering I've never fucked her while she had her mouth full of someone else's dick.

S H A N N O N : : : I've never heard Holly make those noises -- she was obviously having an amazing ride. 

H O L L Y : : : The bed was rather tall, which meant the guys entered me at unusual angles. They were both fantastic, but Jason's cock in particular tickled my pussy in places which don't usually get stimulated. I wanted it to last and last and last.

M A R K : : : It would have been too much to hope we'd all cum together, but that's just about what we did. Holly went over the top first, and the pulsations in her pussy finished Jason, then the vibrations from her elevated moaning, which felt almost cosmically electric on my dick, pushed me over the edge. To me, nothing intensifies an orgasm like someone else cumming at the same time, and there we were, the three of us, cumming so intensely, trying to extend our pleasure by keeping our mutual rhythm going. We must have looked like a nest of baby snakes. 

The last thing I remember thinking as I lost my footing and collapsed over her was, "Holy shit, we've still got Shannon to go..."

: : : : : 

S H A N N O N : : : My turn! After watching that, I didn't need any foreplay -- what they did looked so good, I was beyond ready. The guys, though, after how hard they just came, they needed to recharge their batteries. The benefit to me was, they were each going to last significantly longer the second time.

J A S O N : : : Mark and I both ended up on our backs, out of breath. Shannon gave us a few moments, and brought us each a cool, damp washrag. I buried my face in it, soaking up its chill, and drew it down my chest, and across my cock. Shannon slid in between us. She knelt at my waist, and eased her mouth over my cock, massaging it with her tongue, cleansing it of the remainder of Holly's and my juices. 

I moaned, long and deep. She released me, and leaned over to swallow Mark's cock. I swear I saw her grin wickedly, smacking her lips in anticipation. 

She went back and forth a couple of times, one cock to the other, sucking us in, indulging us with her lips and tongue, working us back up. When we were both nice and hard, she lifted up onto all fours, and pulled us up onto our knees, Mark behind her, me in front. Mark eased his cock into her doggie style, and I plugged into her mouth, but for me the heights didn't match, and we didn't line up. I crouched, lowering myself to the correct level, but it wasn't going to work either, it was too uncomfortable. I rolled off the bed, stood beside it, and guided her so she crawled to the edge, she and Mark carefully staying connected. My cock now aligned perfectly with her face, and she hungrily drew me in. 

M A R K : : : At first we thrust randomly into her, but that obviously didn't work. In only a few strokes, though, we locked into sync. 

Once we got aligned, things went great. After a minute, though, she seemed to have something else in mind. She halted our motions, and steadied us. When we were both still, she began rocking back and forth -- as she slid back over my dick, her mouth pulled away from Jason, then she hinged forward, pulling off of me, while she went up and over Jason. How cool was that -- all we had to do was hold still, and she did all the work. 

At first it was all rather wobbly. I grabbed her hips, stabilizing myself, giving myself some leverage to pull her back onto me.

Jason laced his fingers in her hair, helping her rock on and off us. 

She moaned continuously. It looked amazing, and it must have felt incredible to her -- it did to me! 

H O L L Y : : : They made up the most amazing array of interlocking body parts I've ever seen -- Mark kneeling, Jason standing, and Shannon rocking between them. 

J A S O N : : : I released one hand out of her hair, and by bending over slightly, was able to grab a handful of tit. I cupped it lightly, letting her nipple sway over my fingers. Her moaning increased, which I took as a sign she liked that. 

That's how it went for the next several minutes -- Shannon swaying between us, pumping Mark's cock with her pussy, consuming mine with her mouth. He and I had such powerful orgasms only a few minutes ago, and Shannon was so hyper-energized, none of us needed any gentleness or sensitivity. The opposite, really -- I know what I needed was to get pounded, hard and fast. 

I was still working on one of her breasts, and Mark grabbed the other. Together, we kneaded them, pinched her nipples, rolled them between our fingers.

S H A N N O N : : : Now I understood the noises Holly made. I think every pleasure nerve in my body was maxed out. I had a cock in my pussy, one in my mouth, and hands on both boobs. I rocked back and forth, taking each dick from the tip down to the base, and when I pulled off of one of them, I pushed down over the other -- I always had a cock plunging into me. 

I gradually increased how fast I hinged over their dicks. Mark grabbed my hips, giving me some much-needed help with how I rocked between him and Jason. I was able to consume both of them harder. The motion was addictive -- go forward, taking Jason's dick into my mouth, go backward, taking Mark's dick into my pussy. I was in dick heaven. 

J A S O N : : : I returned both hands to gripping her head, that was the best way to hold myself steady for her, and it seemed to help her anchor her rhythm. She sucked so hard on me, and looked so sweet with my dick disappearing into her face, her eyes closed, I wanted this moment to last forever. 

S H A N N O N : : : I felt a huge orgasm building. I wallowed in the moment, reveling in the power of swaying between these two incredible guys, awash in waves of sensuality as their cocks stroked me, and my pussy and my mouth pleasured their cocks. It was a perfect moment.

M A R K : : : Usually when I cum it's an explosion, an eruption. This one was different, it built and built and built. Ejaculating into her was just the final swell in a giant wave. 

J A S O N : : : She began to moan, right as I tensed and launched my jizz into her. She slowed her rocking, and I long-stroked into her mouth, waves of pleasure rippling through me. 

S H A N N O N : : : When I felt both their cocks pulsing, my own orgasm surged over me. Its peak was wonderfully smooth and gentle. I stayed on all fours as long as I could, rocking slower and slower over them, enjoying their final thrusts into me. 

I collapsed into a boneless heap, pulling Mark in behind me, his thighs molded into mine, his chest enveloping my back, his arms around me, our hands nestled between my breasts. Jason reached for Holly, pulling her in beside him, their arms and legs braided together.

H O L L Y : : : All was right with the world. Sleep came quickly and easily.

: : : : :

S H A N N O N : : : For our last full day, we had no specific sight-seeing agenda. We just set out from the hotel, going where our feet led us. We zigzagged through North Beach, taking our time, checking out the neighborhood as much as the "official" sights. 

This part of the city is so different from where we live. I imagined what it would be like to live there -- how I would deal with the steepness of the hills, the limited parking, where the nearest grocery store was, mulling over whether I'd drive there, or walk with some sort of cart to roll everything home. 

We strolled through Chinatown, getting swept along the street with the crush of humanity, gawking at the foreign-ness of the produce, poultry, and seafood -- I have no idea what some of that stuff is! 

M A R K : : : We ended up at Union Square. The girls ducked into a funky-chic boutique to browse. Jason and I commandeered a bench in the sun, perfect for people watching while we waited. I said, "Do you think they're plotting another mind-blower for tonight?"

Jason said, "What could possibly top two-on-one, two different ways? Tonight being our last night, I think it will just be about cumming big enough, and enough times, to last until our next trip."

An old lady was walking slowly past us and seemed to have overheard him. She stopped for a moment and glared at us disapprovingly. He grinned at her innocently, as if what she thought she heard couldn't possibly have been what he actually said. After she had passed, I said, "I'd love to surprise them like they surprised us."

He said, "Funny you'd say that. I was thinking, there's not much we haven't already done, at least that the girls would be willing to do, but there's one thing in particular..." He began explaining what he meant, and I was all smiles.

Now THIS could be interesting...

: : : : : 

For our last night together, I was with Shannon. As we undressed for our showers, Jason and I played it cool, concealing our excitement, careful not to reveal we had anything planned. 

Shannon and I showered first. The first thing she said was, "So, are you gonna tell me what you guys are up to?"

"Oh," I quoted, mock-innocently, "is something going on?" 

"I see," she said. "More brisk invigorating air?" 

I tried to keep from smiling, but I couldn't contain it. 

H O L L Y : : : When we all finished our showers, Mark placed Shannon on his side of the bed, stretched out on her back, but upside down -- her feet at the pillows. She caught my eye and raised an eyebrow, and I slightly shrugged -- I had no idea. 

Jason flopped onto the bed, but aligned normally -- his head on a pillow. He pulled me on top of him, but then flipped us over, so he was on top. He raised up off me, and started some sort of weird gymnastic routine, or Pilates, or yoga, or something... I couldn't figure out what he was doing. 

J A S O N : : : I got so tangled up, I almost started laughing. I couldn't get my arms and legs aligned with hers how I wanted. 

H O L L Y : : : Finally, he got settled, and I started to say, "Why didn't you just tell me you wanted to do sixty-nine, I could have made it a lot easier," but I was too busy enjoying how he romanced my pussy with his tongue, and besides, I had a mouthful of cock. 

S H A N N O N : : : Mark settled over me quite easily by comparison. I love doing sixty-nine with Mark -- his mouth is so wonderful on my clit, and the things he does between my inner lips feel extra-special when we're upside-down to each other. Sixty-nine with him is an erotic upward spiral -- his tongue energizes my pussy, which passes through me via my mouth onto his dick, then through him and back into my pussy. 

M A R K : : : There are very few things I'd rather do than eat Shannon's sweet pussy. One of them is eat her pussy while she sucks my dick -- it's the best of both worlds. 

S H A N N O N : : : I was glad the guys came up with this, it was wonderful. Sixty-nine is such a symphony of sensations. It's so wonderful to give, but it also feels so amazing to receive. 

J A S O N : : : I tapped Mark to signal him to move to the next phase. I intended to tap his shoulder, but it's a little hard to aim when your face is buried in someone else's privates, and I ended up tapping his butt.

This first transition was going to be the most fragile moment. It was when the girls were either going to go along with our plan, or kill it. 

H O L L Y : : : I was just starting to really get into it, when both guys raised up off us. They left our mouths full of dick -- of course they did -- but disconnected from our pussies.

I thought, "That was working, why wreck it?" but I shouldn't have worried. 

M A R K : : : Jason and I both quickly reconnected our mouths with pussies, but different ones. Instead of leaning back over Shannon's body, I leaned over to the side and buried my tongue in Holly. Jason did the same thing -- leaving his cock in Holly's mouth, he locked his mouth onto Shannon's pussy. 

S H A N N O N : : : A tiny daisy chain! Brilliant! I should have thought of that! 

It was awkward at first, it took a bit of trial and error to get everything adjusted. It was by far the most complicated thing we had ever done together. What's the old saying, "A chain is only is strong as its weakest link?" Yup. Fortunately, this chain had no weak links. 

Jason tongued my pussy, I sucked Mark's cock, he licked Holly, and she had her mouth full of Jason. 

It took us a moment to align the angles and fine-tune the positioning between naughty bits and faces, then it became quite fun. 

I thought this would feel almost like sixty-nine, but it didn't. The difference is, sixty-nine is an organism of two, and feedback is instantaneous -- do something, feel the reaction. A daisy chain, though, when you do something, it's the next person up the line who feels the reaction. 
