 Greetings beloved readers, this is the second of a five part series. I will post each chapter about a week apart. Many thanks to fellow authors and occasional collaborators Friskee_cpl who gave me notes on the story and whose stories served as a vital inspiration for this tale.

*

It was light outside when Roy woke to a soft kiss planted firmly on his sleep-soured mouth. His lids popped open to find Tuli's big, impossibly dark eyes gazing playfully at him from inches away as he blinked away the lingering confusion of his fading dream. She sat on the edge of the bed and looked down at him lovingly as he struggled to get his mental bearings in this new day.

"Hello Tiger," She said with an oversized smile. She had already jogged, showered, dressed, brushed out her hair and applied her makeup. She was a naturally early riser, probably up since six.

"Howdy yourself, sexy lady," he grinned at her as he scratched at the rind of dried drool that had collected on his face during the night. "How're you this morning... assuming it's still morning."

"It is and I'm great. Last night was just what I needed, Bubbs: hot, nasty sex. I feel nineteen again!"

Roy chose his words carefully; the subject of Tuli's past was delicate business, especially her college years. He said "And that's a good thing?"

She looked flustered. "...Well, occasionally I miss my wild years. It's been almost ten years now, I guess they're starting to get that nostalgic glow. Don't you get that way when you think about playing Dungeons and Dragons all weekend and translating Tolkien into Klingon?"

"Oh ha ha.ha," Roy said dryly. "Such a witty girl."

"Well, being a little reckless last night reminded me of old times, that's all."

It always tantalized Roy when Tuli spoke of her "wild years" but she never went into much detail. Roy didn't push for more because he knew she found the subject embarrassing. Consequently Roy had long ago resigned himself to merely stirring up vivid clouds of conjecture in his libidinous imagination: private little pornos staring his wife as the hot young slut she had been a decade ago.

"I guess I miss the attention," she continued. "It was fun showing off for E-boy last night."

At the mention of the kid in cabin E, Roy remembered the two faces watching them from the window next door, neither of them the boy's. Should he tell her now? Should he tell her at all?

She made the decision for him by changing the topic. "Well, listen: I woke you up because all that dancing and screwing has left me famished this morning. Let's get some breakfast and afterwards maybe we can go back to bed."

Roy got ready in a hurry. He was hungry too, but mostly he wanted to get Tuli back in the sack while her former sluthood still held its nostalgic glimmer. She had suggested something particularly nasty in the heat of action last night, but too late for him to act on it. He wondered if her offer to let him ejaculate on her face still stood. He sure hoped so. He didn't know why the idea aroused him so much but it did; yes it did.

In less than ten minutes he was scrubbed, shaved and dressed. They had stepped out into the humid coast air and began to follow the pea-gravel trail to the restaurant when Tuli suddenly froze in her tracks.

"What's wrong?" asked Roy.

She pointed at the cabin next to theirs. "That's cabin E."

"Yeah. So?"

"The bedroom in our cabin is on the other side. We were showing off to someone in cabin G last night!"

"Really? Are you sure?" he asked innocently.

"Yeah, look. That's our living room is on this side. The bedroom is on the other side. Who the hell were we showing off to!?"

"Jesus." For some reason the fact that he had fucked Tuli in front of some completely unknown couple aroused him. The theme had featured prominently in his dreams last night. Maybe he would fuck her in the living room after breakfast; give E-boy another chance to peek.

"What'll we do?"

Roy thought, but really, what could they do? "Well, I think we should just pretend nothing happened. It's not like whoever we were entertaining last night will come up and say, 'Hey I sure loved watching you two screw.' We'll just play it cool."

They continued on to the resort's restaurant but their steps were no longer hurried. As they passed other guests, both Roy and Tuli monitored their faces for any flashes of recognition. But it was too easy to imagine a gaze held too long or a conspiratorial smile on a passing face. They both felt naked and exposed despite their clothes

"I'd forgotten what it's like to worry that everyone's discussing your latest fuck," said Tuli in a limp voice as they paused at the threshold to the lodge. "I think I've lost my appetite."

Roy decided he sort of liked the idea of people discussing his lovemaking with Tuli. He flashed a confident grin and pulled the door open to enter the room first. A few guests looked up to notice him in a disinterested way, but nobody nudged their neighbor or pointed surreptitiously at him from behind their menu.

He turned to reach for Tuli's hand and she entered reluctantly, her eyes darting around, looking for any sign of recognition. As they waited for the hostess to come and seat them, Roy spotted the kid from E sitting at a large round table with his family. He wasn't looking at Roy or Tuli, he hadn't even noticed them enter apparently. His eyes were locked on a table across the room where a pretty and petite blonde was sitting with large, beefy companion. When the kid finally noticed Tuli, he scanned her up and down before turning back towards the blonde. Roy felt oddly irritated at the boy.

After a brief appraisal, Roy decided that E-boy's new crush had nothing on his wife. For one thing, she was too skinny; no hips, smallish tits and her collar bones jutted from her upper chest like knife blades. The girl's platinum blonde hair was too short; Roy preferred Tuli's mass of lovely, dark locks to the girl's slight pixie cut. And she had too many tattoos; in addition to the collection of Celtic icons, cartoon fairies and miscellaneous lines of wisdom inked into her flesh in copperplate script, a sleeve of intertwining vines and leaves backed by multicolored stars and planets on a navy blue background ran up her left arm from her wrist to coil out across her shoulder. Roy didn't mind an odd tattoo here and there - Tuli had a nice salamander on her ankle that he liked - but he thought the blonde had rather overdone it.

However, despite his prejudice for his wife, he had to admit the blonde was still a good looking woman. Her face was fine-boned and pretty. Her eyes were a startling light blue. Her neck was smooth and graceful. Her make-up and tight turquoise mini-dress were of a very fashionable variety of trashy.

Roy could only see the back of the bald head of the guy she was with. He was a meaty guy with wide, muscular shoulders and tanned, leathery skin. Even from behind he seemed like he was quite a bit older than the girl. Roy was idly wondering about the couple's situation when the girl looked up, right at him. He nodded a greeting. She responded by tapping her companion's hand and pointing at Roy. As the big, bald, leathery head turned quickly around, Roy had a vision of the blonde's muscular companion launching out of his chair in a jealous, steroid-fueled rage. But the man's face only split into a big, knowing smile.

"There they are!" he said in a booming voice. Every head turned to look at Roy and Tuli. "Come on; sit with us you crazy show-offs!" 

Tuli looked up at Roy and winced. Roy shrugged and shot her a weak grin. Unprepared for such a direct confrontation, they drifted forward to meet their fans.

"Here, sit; sit on down," said the leathery dude as he motioned at the two empty chairs. Roy and Tuli exchanged glances, waiting for the other to invent an excuse and get them away. But as they dithered, they found themselves sucked into the two empty seats by the odd gravity of civility. They were immediately confronted with the dude's botoxed face and incredibly white teeth as he leaned over the table and rasped in a stage whisper, "That was awesome last night: hard core, man, hard fuckin' core."

"You've got a real good body," earnestly said the blonde to Tuli. Tuli blushed through her sun-darkened skin.

"Uh, thanks."

"Oh, man, you both got some pretty good bodies. Most assholes around here I wouldn't want to watch fuck in a million years."

Roy saw the chubby young couple at the next table look over, startled.

"Hey dude, keep it on the down-low," said Roy.

"Oh shit, sorry man."

"Keep it on the down-low?" said Tuli to Roy. She was laughing. "Did you really just say that?"

"Fuck Jimmy, shouldn't you at least introduce us before you start embarrassing everyone," sneered the blonde at Jimmy, although Roy noticed her eyes never left Tuli.

Leathery Jimmy shot the blonde a cold look, but turned back to Roy with a sincere-looking smile. "The pretty ones are always a little mouthy, eh?" He laughed. "But, hey; I'm Jimmy and this is Wanda."

"Charmed," said Wanda, smiling at Tuli.

"I'm Roy, this is my wife, Tuli."

"Tooley?" laughed Jimmy. "Sounds like a rap name. Tooley O.G. on the mike, yo." He guffawed at his own joke.

"It's Turkish; short for Tülin," said Tuli slowly and without humor. "Don't make fun of it. Please."

Roy winced. Tuli did not like having her name made fun of. As a kid, she had been a fat girl with a goofy name and Roy knew how badly those memories still stung. Although her name actually was Tuli O.G.: Tülin Oguz Gilbert - Roy resisted pointing that out.

"Christ, Jimmy, way to piss her off," Wanda hissed.

"See what I mean?" winked Jimmy. "Mouthy."

"Maybe we should sit somewhere else," said Tuli.

"No. Please don't," pleaded Wanda. Her thin fingers held Tuli's upper arm.

"You guys are too uptight. We're at the fuckin' beach, man. It's beautiful, it's warm," he said before letting his voice drop to a conspiratorial hush. "You guys oughta smoke some ganja with us; it'd chill you out."

Tuli and Roy looked at each other, brows arched. On the drive down to the resort they had been talking about how they had never smoked pot together. It had been so long since either of them had done it that they didn't even know anyone to buy it from anymore. "Wouldn't it be cool if we met some other couple that was willing to share," Tuli had said. Roy had agreed. Now, here they were: the answer to their daydreams as played by a couple of loud, over-maintained assholes. Roy appreciated the irony... or whatever it was.

Roy and Tuli nodded to each other and turned to their companions. "I think we'd be interested in that," said Roy.

"Awesome, I knew you guys would party. Besides, we owe you one, man."

Roy and Tuli waited for their orders while they watched Jimmy and Wanda eat. Around mouthfuls of eggs and hash-browns, Jimmy waxed evangelical on weight training while Roy nodded along mutely. The women sat close to each other; every word from Tuli's mouth seemed to transfix Wanda. When Tuli mentioned she taught math, Wanda reacted with awe.

"Wow. I just don't get math at all," she said. "You must be, like, totally smart."

"It's only seventh and eighth grade algebra and pre-algebra: nothing special."

"Fuck. Algebra? Shit, it's all magic to me," she said shaking her head and absently stroking Tuli's forearm.

Jimmy and Wanda finished their breakfast just as Roy's omelet and Tuli's fruit platter arrived. Wanda seemed willing to remain seated and watch Tuli eat, but Jimmy announced he had to get back to their cabin to "take a dump". He stood, motioning for Wanda to follow him. He promised they would drop by Roy and Tuli's cabin in about an hour. "With the weed," he mouthed silently.

"We're gonna pay you back for that show!" said Jimmy across the restaurant before he walked out. Tuli sighed and her tension visibly faded away.

"What do you think he means when he said he'd pay us back?" she asked Roy as they finished their coffee.

"Get us high," said Roy. "I assumed."

"Hmm," said Tuli. "Probably."

"Why? What do you think he meant?"

Tuli shrugged. "Who knows with that meathead?"

Roy laughed. "What the hell does she see in him?"

Tuli didn't respond. She just sat and idly jabbed a slice of mango with her fork. Roy looked into her face and saw that her eyes that seemed both perceptive and vacant, as if focused entirely inward: anticipating moves, considering options, looking for openings. He called it her "chess face". She was such a talented and merciless chess player that Roy refused to play her anymore, preferring to let her humiliate the old men in her league. The only person who could routinely beat her was her father and Roy suspected she was throwing those games.

"Well, she is a cute little thing, but she's kind of an ass herself," she finally said.

"She sure seems to like you."

"Yeah, she does," Tuli said. "I would have slept with her back in the day, you know."

Roy swallowed. "Oh wow... Cool. I didn't know you were... um, bi. Back then, I mean."

"That turns you on?" she asked.

It was Roy's turn to shrug. "I just wish I'd known you back then."

"No. No you really don't. I was a terrible, shallow, asshole bitch back then. Metamorphosing from an ugly, lumpy teenage dog to hot babe in a little over a year messes with your head, Bubbs; seriously. Plus, it just wasn't in me to be faithful back then. I'd be running around with other guys, you'd always be waiting for your turn." She laughed awkwardly. "This bothers you, doesn't it?"

"You know I'm not a jealous guy. It's just that I never had a wild stage."

"You fucked me against a window last night and now we are going to smoke pot with the sleazy couple who watched. Maybe your wild stage is just getting started?"

A realization hit Roy like a truck. "You think Jimmy and Wanda are swingers, don't you?"

Tuli just shrugged. Her face was blank.

"Should we call this off?"

"Disinvite them?" she asked. "If that's what you want to do, Roy,"

Roy opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. His bad experiences with a couple hyper-jealous girlfriends had instilled in him a deep aversion to the notion of jealousy but the fierce atavistic panic tearing through him colored every response that came to mind. Fortunately, the waitress showed up and kept him from blurting out anything regrettable. He signed for their meal, tipped the girl and walked Tuli silently out of the restaurant and back into the warm summer morning. Both lost in thought, they walked hand in hand back towards their cabin. He could feel Tuli casting sideways glances at him, trying to read his thoughts through his face. He tried to stay frosty, but he knew he must look panicked.

"You OK, Bubbs?" she asked.

"I'm just... It's... I mean... Are you actually suggesting we..."

"I didn't suggest anything Roy."

"Have you ever... um..." Roy's trailed off, unsure of what he was trying to ask.

"What? Fucked someone who isn't you?" she asked sarcastically. "Yes Roy. Lots."

"That's not the..."

"Uh oh. Someone's feeling jealous," she goaded him playfully. "My sweet Bubbulla is a mere mortal after all."

"No... well, yes... a little. Shit Tuli, are you really suggesting we..."

"I didn't suggest anything, Roy," she repeated. "You're doing all the suggesting."

"You don't seem reluctant or freaked out by the idea, that's all."

"And you seemed very freaked out... for someone who doesn't feel jealousy, that is." She winked at him.

"I'm not being jealous. I just... Would you really fuck that guy?"

"No one's mentioned fucking anyone. Let's just see what they have in mind. There's no shame in backing off if things get too heavy."

"What'll we say?"

"How about, 'Sorry, but my husband isn't ready to open our marriage.'"

"And you are?"

"Not if you're uncomfortable with it, Roy."

"So you're saying that, as long as I'm cool with it, you'd actually screw that 'roided out..."

"Easy Bub, we've got company."

They turned a corner in the path and were back at their cabin. Jimmy and Wanda were sitting on the front stoop, impatiently waiting for their new friends.

"There're our lovebirds!" announced Jimmy. Wanda looked up from tapping a text into her phone and smiled at Tuli.

"I thought you said you'd be by in an hour!" blurted out Roy.

"Shit man, I couldn't wait," said Jimmy. "I wanna get you guys totally fucked up and then we're gonna pay you back."

"So, what does that mean, 'pay us back'?" asked Tuli.

Jimmy scrunched his face and shrugged like it was obvious, saying slowly, "I want you guys to watch as I throw a triple-X fuck into Wanda Jean here. You know, in exchange for your awesome show last night."

Again, Wanda looked at Tuli and smiled. Tuli grinned politely as she stepped up the stoop and opened the front door for their guests. Roy choked back an instinct to shout, "Keep those people out of our cabin!"

"And I guess we'll see what develops after that," said Jimmy as he strode inside. He winked at Tuli.

Tuli turned to Roy who was still standing on the gravel path, just before the stoop. "Well?" she said as she reached down to him with her left hand. "Jealous yet?"

"Are you doing this just freak me out?" demanded Roy, his voice nearly cracking from stress.

"I'm doing it because you are always saying how you don't get jealous and after last night I thought you might be right."

"And this is something you want to do?"

Tuli nodded slowly as she held his gaze with hard serious eyes.

Roy took her hand and allowed himself to be led inside.

When he walked into their cabin's living room he saw Jimmy was already firing up an enormous spliff. His bald, leathery head looked unreal wrapped in a swirling halo of blue cannabis smoke as he handed the burning cone to Roy. Roy took it, eager for herbal relief from his furiously spinning mind.

"You aren't wasting any time," said Roy as he began toking.

"Don't let the muscles fool you," said Wanda. "He's a huge pot-head. He's stoned most of every day."

"One of the advantages of owning your own business," rasped Jimmy as exhaled a huge cloud before erupting in a fit of coughing.

"He owns, like, four health clubs," said Wanda with a significant look as she took the spliff from Roy.

"I wished I owned a tattoo parlor, as much as she spends on getting inked."

They fell silent for awhile as they concentrated on the business of passing around the marijuana. After only a couple of tokes Tuli began to pass on the rotation. Her interest seemed focused on Wanda's legs, exposed well up to the tops of her thighs by her short, tight dress.

"That's really impressive. Are you going to get a sleeve of vines up your leg too?" asked Tuli as she hovered close to Wanda. Roy noticed for the first time that Wanda had the beginnings of another network of leaves and vines inked around her right ankle, reaching up the side of her calf. So far, only one of the gaps between the greenery had been filled in with its collection of colored stars on a dark blue background.

"What kind of leaves are those?" asked Roy.

Wanda, still holding a toke, shrugged as she passed the spliff to Jimmy. She smiled as she exhaled. She had a nice smile when she bothered to show it.

"Someday my leg will be covered. Then I'm going to have it go up my hip and around my back to meet the vines on my shoulder, with a few stray leaves reaching around front. I made the design myself."

"That'll be beautiful," said Tuli. Roy, however, still thought it sounded like way too much ink.

"I told her she'd look like a fuckin' abandoned lot," laughed Jimmy.
