 It was back when I was in college. I majored in English but my roommate was a jock. We didn't get along well at first. I was really shy back then and he was loud and boisterous and really got on my nerves. Being a jock he was used to being around other men and would walk around our room completely naked when he was getting ready to go out or just hang out in our room in just his boxers or even a towel. Sometimes he would literally be hanging out. I had never been attracted to men but I saw a lot of cock that first semester. Sometimes very hard cock when he would rent a porno. I don't know if he didn't think I would notice when I was studying as he was watching porn and jerking off but I saw him jerking off many times. After a while I started to enjoy the show and would sneak off to the bathroom to jerk off in private. I never thought about taking it further. He was a football player with a super hot girlfriend. I tried to convince myself that he wasn't putting on a show for me that I just didn't exist in his world so it didn't matter what he did in front of me.

When he wanted to fuck his girlfriend in our room he would kick me out. Didn't care what time or what I was doing. At first he would just announce, "time to go," and I would leave. After a while I would beat him to the punch and announce, "time to go," myself like I had control in the situation.

One Saturday night he came into the room with his girlfriend and they were both more than a little drunk. I had a pretty good buzz too from a couple of bong hits I had just taken. "Time to go," I said standing up and moving to the door. 

"Not tonight, buddy," my roommate said with curious drunken smile on his face. His girlfriend fell onto the bed laughing and said, "Not tonight. He wants you to stay."

"Shut up!" My roommate hissed at his girlfriend," she wants you to stay. Hey? Have you been smoking that shit in here again?" He asked changing the subject. He hated when I smoked out in the room.

Before I could apologize he got a big smile on his face and said, "Got anymore? We want to party with you tonight." 

This kind of weirded me out but I figured what the fuck. I could get high and his girlfriend was fucking hot. At least I would get to look at her while we were partying

I got out my bong and my stash and loaded up a bowl and handed the bong to my roommate. He took a big hit and passed it to his gf.

"I don't know," she said, "you know how horny I get when I am high. I might even want to fuck him." They both laughed at my expense but just hearing her say that made me hard even if she was joking.

"Now that I would like to see," my roommate said as his girlfriend took a big hit, "how would you like to fuck her, little buddy?"

Weed always makes me super horny and I was only wearing a t-shirt and gym shorts so there was no way I could hide the raging hard-on I had from just thinking about fucking my roommate's girlfriend. I was just glad that it didn't pop out of my shorts and was hoping they didn't notice it.

"It looks like he would like fucking me a lot," the girlfriend said laughing as she let out her bong hit, "look at the size of his boner."

I tried to grab something to hide my erection but before I could my roommate shoved his hand up the leg of my shorts and grabbed my hard cock. I froze. I didn't know what to do. I had never had another man grab my cock and his grab felt more than a little like a stroke.

"Let's see what you been hiding from us, Little Buddy," my roommate said as he yanked my cock out of my shorts. "Wow, guess you're not so little, Little Buddy. What do you think, baby?"

"Nice but I think you better let go before he cums in your hand. You like getting stroked by a big strong football player?" She asked me.

"He's not stroking me," I said but before I could get the words out he was stroking me. I let out an in voluntary moan.

"You do like it. Should I leave you boys alone or join you?"

I couldn't say anything. It was so confusing. I never had any idea my roommate liked guys. It felt so good getting stroked by him I started to realize that I might like guys too.

"Now you stroke Robin's cock and I'll just enjoy the show," the girlfriend said as she unzipped Robbie's pants and pulled out his already hard cock. She took my hand and wrapped my fingers around my roommates thick shaft.

"I couldn't," I blurted out.

"Oh I think you could. It's just like stroking your own but more fun." She held my hand and guided it up and down the length of Robbie's cock. Robbie let out a loud moaning "Fuuuuck!" As my hand stroked him. His girlfriend kissed me and said, "see he likes it and I do too."

"Show us how much you like our show Christie." Robbie said as we stroked each other's cocks for her. Christie stood up and gave us each a stroke before pulling her t-shirt over her head and dropping her skirt to the floor. She didn't have anything else on. She sat in a chair in front of us and spread her legs wide so we could both see her fingering her dripping wet pussy.

"You like my sweet pussy, Tommy?" She asked me as I stroked her boyfriend's hard cock. "I can see how much you like Robbie's cock and how much you like him stroking your big hard cock but wouldn't you rather cum inside my wet pussy?"

"Yes! Yes I would," I was so turned on I could barely speak.

"You want to fuck my girlfriend, Little Buddy? It'll cost you." He took his hand off my cock and then took my hand of his cock. "You ever suck a cock, Tommy?"

"No, I have never..." before I could finish I felt Christie's mouth on my cock.

"See how easy it is," she said looking up at me, "I want to feel your big thick cock fucking me but first I want to see you sucking Robbie's big hard cock."

"But I..."

"No suck, no fuck," Robbie said bringing his cock closer to my mouth.

"No suck, no fuck," Christie said crossing her legs and covering her boobs. "Or suck then fuck." She spread her legs wide, "good hard fuck."

She was so hot and her pussy was so wet I couldn't help myself. Robbie's cock was only inches from my lips anyway so I opened my mouth and moved closer until my lips touched his tip.

"Damn, Tommy, you really do want to fuck Christie bad." I tried to pull my lips away but Robbie pushed his cock deeper into my mouth. I felt Christie's body press against my back. She slowly stroked my cock as I sucked her boyfriend's cock. 

"That's it Tommy. Suck Robbie's cock. Make him cum in your mouth and then you can cum in my pussy. I sucked Robbie harder and deeper. It did feel good sucking his cock and hearing how much pleasure I was giving him.

"Damn Tommy if I knew you sucked cock this good I wouldn't have waited so long."

"Since you are making Robbie so happy I won't make you wait," Christie said as she straddled me and slid my cock deep inside her, "besides I have been aching to feel your cock filling me since Robbie pulled it out of your pants. Mmmmmm...you feel so good filling me. She rocked her hips back and forth and rode my cock. 

"Cum for me Robbie," she said and Robbie started fucking my face harder. Christie slid a finger into Robbie's ass and finger fucked it.

"You like that?" She asked and I nodded. She slid a finger up my ass to.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck." Robbie started moaning as his hit load of cum shot into my mouth. "Mmmmmmm...yes Tommy suck my cock." Feeling Robbie's hot thick cum hitting my throat made me start to cum too. I rammed my cock into Christie as far as i could go and filled her tight pussy with my cum until it was dripping down her thighs. Robbie's cum was dripping down my chin. Christie let over and licked up Robbie's cum and then kissed me as I was still sucking Robbie. We collapsed in a pile of sweaty cum soaked bodies. When I woke up Christie had left and Robbie was back in his bed. Not long after that Robbie dumped Christie because I think she liked my cock better.

Robbie liked my cock too. We never talked about it but every once in a while after a night out drinking with his jock buddies he would come back to our dorm room and slip into my bed.