 Greetings beloved readers, this is the second of a five part series. I will post each chapter about a week apart. Many thanks to fellow authors and occasional collaborators Friskee_cpl who gave me notes on the story and whose stories served as a vital inspiration for this tale.

*

Roy was watching the lifeguard on his platform angrily bleat on his whistle while jabbing his finger out towards Jimmy. "One more time and I'm gonna throw you off the beach!" he yelled.

"Like to see you try!" laughed Jimmy from out in the surf. Wanda, who he'd been holding underwater again, was splashing away, looking for her bikini top. Again.

Up on the beach, the ginger-headed family from cabin E sat a couple of dozen feet to Roy's right. The kids, the son - "E-boy", Roy and Tuli called him - and his two sisters, laughed along at Jimmy's bullshit while the parents looked on with disapproval. The tall sister absently bit her lower lip between bouts of chuckles while her index finger dipped absent-mindedly into her bikini bottoms. Good God, thought Roy. Is she attracted to that loud-mouthed, leathery artifact?!

Roy sighed. His thoughts once again fell onto too-fresh memories of his wife's rough anal sex with that same loud-mouthed, leathery artifact a few hours ago. He struggled to fight back the visions, but they were still too raw, arousing and repugnant all at the same time.

"You OK Bubbs?" asked Tuli from the beach chair to his left. Her body glistened with a thick sheen of suntan lotion. Beads of sweat dotted her sizzling skin and gradually crept down along the contours of her body.

Roy shrugged.

"A little freaked out, maybe?"

"Yeah, a little."

"Want to talk about it?"

"What's there to talk about? Except... Jesus Christ, Jimmy is such a fucking asshole."

"Oh, Roy," she said soothingly. "Jimmy and Wanda are the perfect couple for a little vacation fling, exactly because they're so awful."

"Oh?"

"Well, yeah. Obviously, there's no way I'd ever leave you for him!"

"Yeah, I guess."

"And I know Wanda isn't your type either, even if she is cute and up for just about anything. Oh, She wants to go dancing with us tonight, by the way. I was thinking a nightclub would be a good place to go with those two. It'll be loud so we won't have to deal with their conversation," she laughed.

Roy didn't answer as he watched Jimmy lift Wanda out of the water on his shoulders. They turned and she waved to Tuli and Roy. The surf knocked them down.

"How long does this go on?" he asked.

"Well, that's kinda up to you, Bubby. If you want to call this whole thing off, we'll stop it. Or you can go along with it and we'll all continue screwing each other off and on for the rest of the week."

"It's all up to me, huh?" Somehow Roy doubted that. He was sure that Tuli had already devised a strategy to keep their little ménage a quatre on track a long as she wanted it. He couldn't see her eyes behind her sunglasses, but he knew that hard, calculating gaze was certainly brewing back there.

"So what's your imperial decree, Bubbus Maximus?" she asked with a flourish.

What could he do? Roy had seen the mask slip this morning. Behind the dark eyes of the woman he loved, he had seen the ravenous slut within. He was beginning to suspect that that ravenous slut was the true Tülin Oguz Gilbert. Sexually, she would always want more than Roy could physically give although Roy knew she'd do what it took to obey the letter of their vows, even if it meant fighting her appetites day in and day out. The prospect struck him as cruel; cruel like keeping a dog tied up in dusty yard or an eagle locked in a cage.

Indeed, he had seen her inner spark start to dim lately. Her eyes and movements had grown gradually duller as she settled into a career of teaching math to indifferent thirteen year olds and a sex life that was sadly becoming predictably predictable. But the spark was back now. He had looked into her eyes after Jimmy and Wanda left following their morning tryst and had seen a feral glare that made Roy wonder if he'd relit a spark or ignited a fuse.

"Well, I didn't say I wanted to stop," he said. "I've just never done anything like this before, and it's... instinctually hard to watch you have sex with someone else, especially you-know-fucking-who."

"You're right. It is hard," smiled Tuli. "But you're doing great so far, Bubbs; just great."

So far... thought Roy. Oh God.

***

Later that night, Roy found himself at a night club drinking a Heineken and watching Tuli dance. She was dancing with Wanda, the two of them shaking and twirling together with big smiles and sparkling eyes as Roy watched. Jimmy was off somewhere, mingling in with a group of barely-drinking-aged college kids. Roy had to admit, he might be an asshole but Jimmy was an excellent mingler.

Soon guys were dancing near Tuli and Wanda, moving close and cutting in. Tuli danced with several of them, her eyes lively and her body beginning to shine under a gloss of sweat. She was a good dancer, a very evocative, sensual mover. One by one her partners were quickly seduced as Tuli's sexuality radiated from her with every movement. Roy felt bad her partners; Tuli's game really was kind of cruel. Always, after a song or two, they'd lean in close to speak to her as they made a lets-get-outta-here gesture. But she'd point to Roy, who'd shake his head with a smug, sympathetic smile and show his ring finger. Game over.

The cruel game wasn't Roy's first choice. He would have liked to dance with Tuli too, but he had made the mistake of smoking too much herb with Jimmy -- some at the cabin, some in the car on the way over, some outside in the alley with a bouncer named Glenn about five minutes ago -- and he felt waaay too stoned to try to keep up with her out on the floor.

Tuli had shown much more restraint with Jimmy's dope, having smoked only a little and that quite a while ago. "It makes me too horny. I'd get us in trouble if I got too blotto," Tuli had said. Roy had laughed but she had insisted she wasn't kidding. Still, Roy's stoned brain had liked the idea of Tuli achieving a dangerous level of horniness.

Roy took a good look at the guy currently dancing with Tuli. He was young, probably early twenties, with close-cropped hair and deep blue-black skin that bespoke an elemental level of African-ness unusual in America. He was dancing without a shirt, holding Tuli close as he mashed her lovely breasts against his chest in time with the music. He could see the kid push his crotch against her belly as her brought her back close after a twirl. He watched her eyebrows shoot up her forehead in pleased surprise at the firmness that greeted her. Roy felt his cock stir in his slacks as he watched his wife shamelessly lead the poor kid on. It was a cruel game, but a fun one.

Suddenly, there was Wanda again, dance-walking out into the crowd. She tapped Tuli on the shoulder just as Roy felt a wash of beer-breath across his ear.

"Hey, bro, let's get the fuck outta here," said Jimmy, his mouth inches away, his voice a shout straining to be heard over the pounding music. Jimmy pointed to a crowd of about a dozen college-age kids coagulating by the door. "We're gonna go party on the beach."

Roy swung his head back around to the dance floor, but Tuli was gone. Quickly scanning the crowd, he spotted her approaching with Wanda. The shirtless guy was following behind Tuli, looking hopeful.

"What's going on?" shouted Tuli into Roy's ear.

"We're going down to the beach," he shouted back.

"I don't want to go to the beach."

"I bet you don't," said Roy, looking over her shoulder at Shirtless. 

Wanda leaned in to shout something in Tuli's ear. Roy couldn't hear what -- conversations were strictly one on one in the club. Tuli thought for a second and then nodded. She took Roy's hand and pulled him along as they followed the group outside. The drub of the music, the four beers, the cannabis and the hormonal buzz of watching Tuli arouse and repulse a long series of dance club lotharios had left Roy's mind a useless jumble. He let himself be led, grateful for the direction and uncaring of the destination. Turning around, he saw that Shirtless was still following; poor eternally hopeful Shirtless.

"What's going on?" Roy asked as they stepped into the parking lot. He had to speak loud for the oppressive ThrubThrubThrub of the club penetrated well outside its walls.

"We're going to smoke with Wanda and Jimmy... before they run off with those kids."

Roy tried to think through the cobwebby haze in his brain. "I thought it made you too horny?" he asked. He thought of her on the dance floor, dripping sweat, her tits pressed up against that kid's chest, as hard, smooth and black as polished obsidian. She was already pushing her behavior into gray areas of acceptability, how far would she go if she was really stoned? Suddenly, that dangerous level of horniness she'd warned against didn't sound so awesome.

"I haven't had any in hours. Not like you," she said, pushing him lightly and smiling a teasing grin.

"Did I hear you ain't goin' to the beach with us?" asked Jimmy as he barged into their conversation..

"Yeah, you heard right," answered Tuli. She sounded suddenly exhausted as she rolled her eyes at Jimmy.

"That's fuckin' bullshit. Come with us. Come on."

"No."

"Come on!" said Jimmy, employing his deepest wells of logic.

"We want to dance," said Tuli.

"But he ain't even been dancin' though," said Wanda, hitching a thumb at Roy.

"I'm not going to let the whole night go by without dancing with wife. I thought we were going to be here for awhile."

Roy saw Shirtless' face fall into a look of disappointment. He turned to mope off through the crowd of college kids buzzing around the cars at the edge of the parking lot.

"You can dance at the beach!" offered Wanda hopefully.

"Not really. I need to twirl. You can't twirl in sand, not really."

"Well, I got something you can twirl on! Right here!" laughed Jimmy as he grabbed his crotch. "Am I right? Ha!" Several of the kids orbiting their conversation laughed along.

"I just don't want to hang out with a bunch of fucking college kids." Tuli hissed. "OK?!"

Wanda started to open her mouth. Her question - why? - was obvious on her face but just then a plump, pink skinned girl with black hair and happy, squinty eyes flounced up to hand a joint to Jimmy.

"Thanks Ashley," he said with a grin.

"No problem Jimmy," said Ashley with a huge smile for Jimmy and a brief but hateful squint at Tuli.

Two young guys with heavy lidded, glassy stoner's eyes glided up next to Tuli. They brandished another joint, the taller of the two offering it to Tuli. She accepted with a kind smile.

"You headed down the beach?" asked the shorter one. Roy watched his glassy eyes continuously drop down into Tuli's cleavage as if drawn by immutable laws of physics.

She shook her head as she held her lungful and handed the joint to Roy.

"You should totally come. It'll be awesome," said the taller one.

Tuli exhaled in their faces. They blinked stupidly as the fog washed over them. "Sorry boys. I'm going to stay here and dance with my husband until I'm so horny I can't take it anymore. Then we're probably going to sneak into the bathroom to have sex in a stall."

Roy started coughing on his toke as the two kids' mouths dropped open.

"Well... that's, um, cool." said the tall kid.

"Hey, Jimmy said you guys swing," said the shorter one. "We'll probably get freaky at the beach..."

"Sorry guys, I don't fuck college kids; not since college, anyway."

"Hey, that's cool," said the tall kid. "I dropped out last semester!"

"And I'd be done already if I hadn't changed majors twice," said the other kid.

Tuli laughed. "Sorry, I don't fuck morons either."

Tuli turned to Roy, her eyes flashed a let's-get-out-of-here look. Roy was about to open his mouth to suggest they get back to dancing when voices assaulted them.

"Fuckin' TEASE! Eat shit you cunt!" shout/slurred two men passing through the parking lot. Roy recognized them. They had both taken turns as Tuli's dance partner earlier in the evening. Apparently they'd spent the time since commiserating and drinking heavily.

Roy struggled to summon up a snappy come-back in the gauzy mess of his mind but ended up staring blankly with his mouth hanging open. Tuli raised her right hand and flashed her middle finger at he two hecklers. "Oh fuck yoooou," she replied.

"You had your chance, bitch."

"If you want us now, you'll have to take us both."

"Yeah, in the fuckin' ass!"

They both laughed at that one, high fived.

"Yeah, and... OW!" said one as Jimmy appeared behind them and clamped both around the backs of their necks in his powerful hands. They squirmed and pried at his fingers as he spoke.

"Listen assholes. Tooley is a close personal friend and I can guarantee you that bitch ain't no fuckin' tease."

"Gee, thanks a lot," said Tuli flatly.

"Shit, let us go!"

"Hell faggots, I fucked her ass just this morning after Roy over there fucked her pussy."

Without thinking, Roy raised his hand and waved. The college kids were gathering around to watch. Quite a few regarded Tuli with interest. Tuli didn't seem to notice. She was watching intently as Jimmy continued to squeeze the two assholes' necks.

"I don't fuckin' care who she's fucked. Let go of me!" said one of the men as he squirmed in Jimmy's grip.

"Get on your fuckin' knees, assholes. You're gonna fuckin' apologize!"

"Ow!"

"We're sorry!"

"Then tell her what you're sorry for," demanded Jimmy, calmly.

"We're sorry we called you a tease."

"Yeah. We are. Really."

"Now tell her you realize that you were rejected because you're inferior, not because she's a tease. Tell her you're not worthy of her."

"We're not worthy."

"It's true. We suck. Ow."

"What's goin' on Jimmy?" said the voice of Glenn, the bouncer Roy and Jimmy had split a joint with earlier. His huge bulk lumbered up slowly from the club at the opposite end of the parking lot.

"Hey Glenn. These douche-bags were being assholes to one of our bitches and I was teaching them some manners."

"OK, that's cool. But If you're gonna pound them, could you move about twenty yards to your west? I prefer you don't get too rough on property."

"Hey, no prob Glenn."

"Agh! Fuck!" said one of the guys still on his knees on the blacktop with Jimmy's hand squeezing his neck.

"Shut up you pussy!" said Jimmy. He released them both with sharp, simultaneous smacks to the backs of their heads. "Now get the fuck outta here."

Both men climbed quickly to their feet and scurried off. The college kids laughed at them and shouted insults at their backs. Wanda chucked a beer bottle which sailed wide and tinkled harmlessly against the sidewalk.

When Roy turned to Tuli he found her looking at Jimmy with wide eyes full of dewy admiration. But when she saw Roy watching her she turned away, embarrassed.

"Thanks Jimmy," mumbled Roy.

Tuli walked over to hug Jimmy. Kissing him on the mouth, she said, "That was sweet Jimmy. Thanks." The college kids and Wanda started clapping. Jimmy bowed and smiled. He was blushing. Blushing like a little-league centerfielder catching an easy but crucial fly ball, thought Roy. Hero of the fucking day.

Roy sullenly tugged Tuli's elbow. "C'mon. Let's go dance," he said.

As Jimmy formed up a caravan to carry him and his young disciples to their party in the dunes, Tuli suggested to Roy that they go to the club they'd been to last night. It had been classier, less oppressively loud and with better music. Roy shrugged his acquiescence. They said their goodbyes and Wanda and Jimmy tried one last time to tempt them into coming along. Finally they simply agreed to meet up sometime tomorrow.

They'd driven out with Jimmy so they began walking, cutting through town and avoiding the crowds on the boardwalk. As they walked Tuli was effervescent, joking and babbling, trying to pull Roy out of his sudden sullen mood. But Roy's moods could be stubborn. Finally Tuli sighed in frustration. "I'm sorry Jimmy manhandled those pricks instead of you, Roy, but just let it go already."

"It's not just that. You sure seemed to like that anal fuck he gave you this morning -- which he then went and announced to everyone in earshot back in that fucking parking lot! Christ! I've never even done... that to you."

"Well no wonder you've never fucked me in the ass, you can't even fucking say it!" said Tuli, heatedly.

"What's that supposed to...?"

They cut off their incipient argument as both noticed Shirtless standing about twenty feet behind them. Except, he had a shirt now; white linen, short sleeve, left unbuttoned of course. With his black slacks and dark skin he looked like a shirt and with a pair of attendant eyes floating through the night. The levitating ensemble was joined by a set of teeth as he smiled awkwardly at them.

"Um... Good evening," he said. His voice had what sounded to Roy's American ears like a vaguely British accent.

"Are you following us?" asked Roy.

"Um, well, yes... your lovely wife and I had such a delightful time dancing and that large fellow with the bald head mentioned that you sometimes, um... share her with men who are of adequate quality."

They stared at him blankly, unbelieving.

"I assure you I am well bred and developed in my body and mind," he said, speaking increasingly rapidly. "Back in Kenya my father and older brothers are all doctors and my mother teaches law. I am studying medicine at John Hopkins and did my undergraduate studies at Oxford. And I am also in excellent health; I've had all my vaccines, I play soccer in three different leagues, I can do two hundred push-ups!"

Tuli laughed loudly. "I bet you can!"

Roy couldn't help but smile as the kid frantically pitched his case. He half expected him to hand over a resume and references.

"I'm sorry," said Tuli gently with and understanding laugh. "Your timing isn't very good. My husband and I are about to have an argument, I think."

"What's your name?" Roy asked Formerly-Shirtless. 

"Everyone calls me Mike."

"Mike, my wife seems to think I'm a... a prude or something."

"I never said..."

"So you're going to help me prove her wrong," continued Roy, straining the keep his voice steady. "We're going to both make love to her, together."

Tuli's mouth dropped open and her eyes popped wide. Mike cracked an excited smile. "Yes. I would like that. Very much, yes," he said.

"We're staying outside of town at the Flag Pine resort. So we'll need to find a cab; unless you have someplace closer."

Mike nodded, "I do. Very close. I was an exchange student here when I was a boy. We had a secret spot under the boardwalk. It is very near."

"A secret make-out spot under the boardwalk!?" gushed Tuli as her smile split her face from ear to ear. "Awesome."

Roy would have preferred to go back to the cabin's big bed where it was comfortable, but Mike's proud smile and Tuli's giddy enthusiasm won him over. Besides, how often do you get to screw your wife with some African stranger while people walk overhead? "OK. Let's see it, Mike."

Mike beckoned them to follow him as he led them through the streets towards the boardwalk. The crowds got thicker and livelier as they neared the noise, lights and smells of the amusement piers, arcades and food kiosks. A block from the boardwalk they passed a twenty-four hour pharmacy and Roy excused himself to pop in "for some supplies". Anticipating another first with Tuli, he bought a pocket sized tube of KY. He also picked up a box of rubbers in case Mike didn't have any. He wasn't about to let the kid go bareback in Tuli; he was from Africa for fuck's sake.
