 My name is Kirsten. For those of you who have not read about my other adventures, I'm twenty-five years old, and I am newly unattached. I'm 5'2" about 135 lbs with reddish hair, 32C, and nice curves. Sort of the cute girl next door type. I try to stay in shape as best I can, and my build is generally more athlete than pure sexy.

I was just coming off of a period of short trips with nothing scheduled for a few weeks. Being hesitant to engage in my wilder adventures close to where I lived, I was trying to think outside the box. I enjoyed the group scenes along with the almost public sex I had engaged in, but I was trying to think about something maybe a bit safer and different.

That's how I found myself one night going through the Craigslist ads where couples were seeking a woman to join them. I had never been with a woman before. Although it had never really been part of my fantasy picture, the idea started to grow on me as I perused the ads. I didn't really find anything compelling that first night; however, the idea was growing on me as I kept looking. 

Finally, I came across a newly posted ad for a couple in their late 30's looking for a third. The couple was fairly attractive based on the posted "safe for work" pictures. They noted that they were professional, active people seeking a woman for friendship, who might be a workout partner for the wife, and who might be willing to have some intimate fun if everyone was comfortable. The ad also noted that the wife enjoyed being with another woman.

The posting really peaked my interest. After thinking about it the next day, I took a couple pictures with my nicer camera, concealed my face using photoshop, and replied to the ad with my vital stats and interests. I also noted that I would be very willing to send un-doctored pictures if they thought they might be interested. Then I took a deep breath and hit send.

I was busy at work the next day, and I didn't get to check my e-mail until I got home that night. The wife had responded saying they were very interested in at least talking. If I was interested, she would be willing to send me her number so I could call. I immediately responded with a "Yes I am interested" along with my personal e-mail address. I also included a G rated picture without my face blacked out to show I was serious and real.

I waited anxiously for a response which arrived about 15 minutes later. A more revealing picture was included which also showed their faces. Their names were Melissa and Jordan, and they were both very attractive people. Melissa had included a phone number indicating that I could call anytime, so I decided to plunge right in. 

Melissa was very friendly and polite, and we had a nice conversation about general topics. She asked if I would be interested in meeting her for a run on Saturday to meet face to face, and I quickly agreed. The rest of the week was torture. Melissa and I exchanged more emails, the last several with some very adult pictures attached. I used one of Melissa bent over a table, her hands tied behind her back, blindfolded, with Jordan buried deep in her as a visual to get myself off at least two times during that week.

Finally, Saturday arrived, and I set out to meet Melissa at a local park about 9:00 that morning. The weather was great running weather although a little cloudy suggesting possible rain later. The temperature was in the high 50's, and I wore a pair of running shorts and a standard running shirt. As I stretched out, a Honda pulled up, and Melissa jumped out. In person, she was incredible. All smiles, blonde hair pulled back in a pony tail, a little taller than me and a little thinner, but not enough to make me feel inferior.

"Kirsten! Hey!" She walked over and gave me a hug. "How are you?"

Her personality was somewhat outgoing, but not at all overbearing, and she came across as very authentic. I liked her right off the bat, and I was immediately at ease. 

I looked toward her car, sort of expecting to see Jordan.

Melissa laughed, "Jordan had a few things to do at work this morning. Plus, he thought it was a good idea if just you and I met as...well...you know..."

I blushed slightly and smiled, "No problem. I'm sure I'll get a chance to meet him later."

We ran about 5 miles at a reasonable pace, casually chatting about everything but what had brought us together in the first place. I was feeling very comfortable with Melissa by the time we got back to our vehicles, so when she invited me back to her place for coffee, I readily agreed.

As I followed her, I was thinking about what it would be like to be with a woman sexually. I was getting pretty turned on, and my pussy was getting wet. I took the opportunity to slide my right hand into my shorts to gently rub my clit. I was surprised how immediately I felt the familiar feelings of a rising orgasm, and I quickly pulled my hand away before I reached the point of no return.

Melissa and Jordan lived in a nice condo not too far from the park. It was very nicely and comfortably furnished, and I just occupied myself by looking at the photographs and artwork on the walls while Melissa chatted and made coffee. She handed me a cup of coffee letting her fingers linger on mine as I took the cup.

Melissa looked into my eyes, as I sipped my coffee. "So...what do you think...?"

"...I..." I was nervous and very turned on, "...I've never been with a woman before..."

She took the coffee cup from my hand, and placed it on the counter. "...but you're not opposed..."

I gulped and shook my head. 

She smiled, and, taking my hand, led me through the condo, up the stairs, and into the master bath. "Maybe we should clean up first...coffee can wait..."

I managed to whisper, "...yes..."

Melissa started running the water to fill their huge garden tub adding some bubble bath from a bottle on the counter. As the smell of the bubble bath filled the air, she turned around pulling her shirt over her head. Looking steadily at me, she stripped off her shorts and bra, and stood before me naked. She was amazing. Her breasts were beautiful and full with stiff pink nipples. She tilted her head to the side, looking at me with this "Well?" look on her face. Blushing, I stripped off my running clothes. Then Melissa held out her hand and pulled me to the bathtub. 

The water was nice and warm, and the bubbles were thick and silky against my skin as we sat down in the tub. Melissa ran her hands over my hips, and up to my breasts. I sighed as she barely ran the palm of her hand over my nipples. She looked at me to gage my reaction as she moved in slowly to kiss me. I moaned as her hand moved between my legs. 

I reached up to caress her breasts, and she smiled. "...no worries...?"

I whispered, "...no worries..."

I stroked the back of her head, and pulled her into another kiss. 

We sat with my legs over hers, wrapped around her waist. Our hands roamed over each others bodies, touching and caressing the places that sent shivers of pleasure up and down our spines. Her kisses were soft, and full of hidden passion, and her caresses were pure pleasure. It was so much different than being with a man.

I was starting to get very horny. Melissa sensed the yearning in my touches, and she moved up to sit on the side of the tub, leaning back against the wall. I admired her toned, wet body as she spread her legs, putting one foot up on the side of the tub. She started stroking her pussy with one hand as she caressed her tits with the other.

"...Come here..." she smiled.

I moved to my hands and knees, and crawled over so that I was between her legs looking up at her. She moved one hand to the back of my head gently directing me to her waiting pussy.

My tongue slid lightly along her inner thighs, prodding between her pussy lips as Melissa moaned.

"Yes...Kirsten...lick my pussy..."

I spread her lips with the fingers of one hand, and gently started sliding a finger from my other hand in and out of her dripping pussy. At the same time I started making little circles around her clit with my tongue. I had never gone down on a woman before, and I was surprised at how my own lust was building. Melissa started gently pumping her hips, her breath becoming more ragged. 

Thinking that she was getting close to cumming, I increased the pressure from my tongue as I easily inserted two more fingers into her pussy. Melissa was gripping my hair, pulling me to her as she started to cum.

"...Oh god...yes...I'm gonna cum...god yes..." Melissa threw her head back, and groaned, "...god...I'm cumming...!"

Her body twitched and spasmed, and she held me tight to her crotch. I just kept licking and finger fucking her as her pussy clinched around my fingers. Finally, the tension in her muscles drained, and she slumped against the wall. I kept up with gentle caresses from my tongue as I withdrew my fingers.

"Was that okay?" I smiled at her.

She moaned as she slid back into the warm embrace of the water. "...that was great...I needed that...".

I kissed her tits, and her neck, as I moved my way up to her lips where we locked in a long kiss.

"That was so fucking hot!!"

I damn near jumped out of my skin at the sound of the man's voice coming from behind me. Melissa's eyes flew open as she looked toward the doorway of the bathroom.

"JORDAN! How long have you been watching?" Melissa laughed. "Kirsten, this is Jordan. Jordan, Kirsten. She's a new friend."

I was speechless, as I turned in the tub to face him. He moved across the floor holding out his hand for me to shake, "Nice to meet you Kirsten. You must be the one who answered the ad?"

I could only nod mindlessly. He was very handsome, incredible eyes, and a smile that would melt the heart of any woman. And I was here naked with his wife in their tub. 

"So. How's it working out so far?" He teased.

Finding my voice, and getting over the initial shock, I teased back. "Well half of the deal is a sure thing...but..."

Melissa crawled up behind me her arms circling my body to start playing with my tits. "So maybe we need to see if we can seal the deal?"

I laid my head back to rest it on her shoulder as I moaned softly. "I think we need to make sure..."

Melissa's hands played over my wet tits, down my stomach, and flirted with my aching pussy. I laid back gazing at Jordan as he stripped off his clothes. His cock was already erect, painfully stiff, and it looked bigger in person than it had in the pictures Melissa had shared. Jordan stepped over to the tub and held out his hand.

I reluctantly let him pull me to my feet and away from Melissa's roaming hands. Jordan led me to the bed gently pushing me back. I sank onto my back as Jordan stood between my legs. He started caressing my inner thighs, running his hands up to my belly, continuing up to my hard nipples. I groaned as Melissa pulled my arms over my head, stretching my body. Her soft lips grazed my nipple as her husband's hands trailed back down my body. I felt his fingers sliding toward my pussy, and I spread my legs wider to provide better access. 

I sighed as his fingers slide into my dripping cunt. Melissa continued caressing and licking my tits as Jordan's fingers worked slowly in and out of my aching pussy. His other hand trailed up my thigh resting lightly on my clit.

"...Oh god..." I moaned as his fingers began circling my pleasure spot. I was in heaven as a warm feeling built in my pussy and began spreading all over my body.

"...I'm gonna cum..." I groaned as I arched my back in anticipation. Melissa kissed my neck as she caressed my face, and my breath grew shallow. 

"...Yes..." I groaned as Jordan slipped another finger in me and increased his pace.

My orgasm built slowly at first, then rushed forward as Melissa tightened her grip, holding my hands over my head. My body bucked as the orgasm hit like freight train. Melissa kissed me deeply as I moaned into her mouth. I continued to squirm and moan as Jordan kept stroking my clit. 

Finally, my orgasm subsided, and I tried to catch my breath as Jordan placed his cock at the entrance to my pussy. I wrapped my legs around him as he slowly began to fuck me. He kept up a slow, gentle pace, trading kisses with myself and Melissa. After a few minutes, he pulled out rolleding over onto his back on the bed.

"Come here Kirsten, on top."

I started to straddle him, but he turned me around so that my back was to to his chest.

"Lay back" He directed as he put his arms under the inside of my knees and pulled my legs back. Melissa grabbed Jordan's cock, and licked his shaft a few times before helping insert it back into my pussy.

I signed as once again his cock suck deep into my cunt. Jordan began fucking me with steady strokes as Melissa caressed my inner thighs. My eyes were closed as I let my head fall back, enjoying the feeling of having Jordan's big cock inside me. Melissa's hands roamed over my body, then I felt her lips licking around my cunt.

"...Mmmm...god..that feels good..." I purred.

Melissa alternated between licking all around my pussy and licking Jordan's cock as it slid in and out of my wet hole. Another orgasm started to build, and I could tell that Jordan was also starting to get close.

"...Get her off babe..." Jordan gasped as he continued to fuck me.

Melissa moved her tongue higher up my pussy, and started lightly flicking it against my clit causing me to gasp. 

She increased the pressure as I started to whimper. "...good god Melissa...oh god..."

I stretched my arms above my head and grabbed the metal of the headboard to get try to get some leverage to fuck back onto Jordan's cock.

"GOD...I'M GONNA CUM!!" I screamed as a massive orgasm slammed through me. Jordan held my legs tight as he continued to pound me as hard as he could. Melissa's tongue was unrelenting as I came shuddered, cumming over and over again.

Suddenly, Jordan's cock started to swell. "...get ready girls...I'm cumming..."

He pulled out, rolling me off of him as he rapidly got to his knees. Melissa moved up, and pulled me over as her mouth locked onto Jordan's cock. I tried my best to lick his balls along with whatever was not already sunk into Melissa's mouth. He gripped our heads in his hands as he arched his back.

"...damn...!" He moaned as he shot his load into his wife's mouth. 

He groaned as Melissa kept sucking. As he started to collapse, she pulled her mouth off his cock, ribbons of cum dripping from her lips. She smiled as we both starting licking his still quivering shaft. Together we cleaned him up, licking his shaft, taking him him deep into our mouths, giving each other deep, passionate kisses. 

Finally, we all collapsed on the bed, Melissa on one side of her husband, me on the other.

Jordan looked over at me with a big shit eating grin. "So Kirsten. Have I sealed the deal."

I looked over at Melissa who was smiling at me, then back to Jordan ."I might need another round to be sure, but I think that this clearly has possibilities."