 "Bridget. We've been thru this a hundred times. This week." If he sounded frustrated, he couldn't really be blamed. He hated repetitive conversations. And his girlfriend, Bridget Rileigh was a parrot when it came to conversation. At least this one.

"It's because you have commitment issues, Jonas. Your afraid to commit to me." She stomped her foot and crossed her arms, looking for all the world like a giant toddler. 

"What?! We've been dating for over a year. Exclusively. What is that if not commitment?" He was about at his wits end. Bridget had gone way beyond just dropping hints. 

She was always leaving bridal magazines on his coffee table, or listing which of her friends would make good brides maids, and why. But after two months of that without success, she'd gone straight to hounding him, every waking moment. She accused him of cheating, fear of abandonment, fear of marriage, and now, he had commitment issues.

"But you never I say I love you. And you don't want to take our relationship to the next level." She stuck out her bottom lip in an adorable, and thoroughly irritating pout. 

"Bridge, look." He tried to stay patient with her. "I just don't think that a year and a half is enough time to know, whether you want to spend the rest of your life with someone."

"But we know each other. Inside and out." She smiled sweetly, switching tactics yet again. She wrapped her arms tightly about his waist, her blue eyes aglow with mischief. This same expression had won her countless arguments in the past. But this was not an argument where he was prepared to give ground.

"Babe." He prepared to dissuade her again.

No, Jonas. I think we care enough to tolerate each other for the rest of our lives."

He inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly. He wanted more than to just tolerate the one he married. And Bridget was a little too shallow to have a deeper more meaningful relationship with. But, unfortunately, she was also too persistent to let go of the issue.

"I'll tell you what. I'll think about it while I'm at the gym." She frowned, not truly satisfied with his answer. He continued. "I told Kyle I'd meet him at Doug's gym at four, I'm already late."

He kissed her forehead and peeled himself away. This time he'd managed to escape a proposal. Next time he might not be so lucky. 

Walking, or biking, were the fastest ways to get around in a big city. And since the gym was six blocks away, he strapped his gear to his bike and got on his way.

Jonas had one good friend. Kyle Marsh. THey'd grown up on the same block, and went to the same schools. Kyle had gone on to become a fireman, and Jonas had aspired to become a medium-weight UFC champion, with much success.

With very different schedules, the only time they saw one another, was at the gym. Jonas, went in thru the back with a special access key, and hit the locker room. He met up with Kyle in the weight room.

"Hey man, whats up?" He called, as he began his warm-up.

"Hey. Thought you were going to flake out on me for a second." Kyle clapped him on the back, and stretched out on a bench while TJ, HJonas usual sparring partner, spotted him.

"Nah, I just had a long talk with Bridget." Jonas stretched, and grabbed a jumprope.

Kyle was benching 250 unassisted. "Oh yeah?" He grit out between lifts. "Whats Goldie locks got on her mind?"

"Marriage." Jonas chuckled as he jumped.

"Wow. Never thought you were in mind to settle down." Kyle grunted under the weight. 

Jonas could feel his heart rate climbing. "I'm not." He huffed, crossing ropes. "I think I'm moving out."

"Whoa... Big decision. You've been with Blondie, what, two years now?" Kyle dropped the bar back into the hooks and sat up.

"Almost." He stopped jumping, and grabbed a forty pound dumbbell. TJ added an extra ten pounds to each side of the bar and Kyle sank back down.

"So what's Bleach Barbie got to say about it?" Kyle asked, trying out the new weight.

"She doesn't know." He used the dumbbell to work his quadriceps. "I just decided." Kyle didn't respond as he pressed the new eight, so he went on.

"I think it's for the best, ya know?" He switched hands. "She wants to get married and have kids. I'm not ready for all that." Kyle grunted his agreement. "To be fair, I should let her go, so she can find someone who shares that goal. And I don't see myself ever wanting to marry her. Someone, someday, but not her."

TJ took the weight bar from Kyle, allowing him to sit up again. He stretched his arms and stood up. "Well man, gotta say it on this one. I told you so."

"Yeah you told me. When I met her. That was over a year ago." He set the dumbbell down.

Ok. Ok, granted. It lasted longer than I thought it would. But when it comes down to it, your relationship was destined towards failure. I told you so."

They grabbed some bottled water, and went to strap on gloves. Kyle was no match to Jonas in the ring, but he was a good sport about it.

"Face it." Kyle continued. "A seed watered in vodka strongs and gold martinis isn't gonna grow very big." They laughed and climbed into the ring.

"Bridget was pretty wasted when I met her." Jonas chuckled, tapped Kyle's glove with his own and went to his corner.

"As I recall, you were both wasted, and it was all I could do to keep you from buying tickets to vegas that night." The bell rang and they circled each other. "You were convinced she was the one then."

Jonas swung, and the conversation was forgotten, until later, when they hit the showers. They chose shower heads opposite each other, and each faced the wall. It was the unofficial code of conduct. "So you think I'm doing the right thing?" Jonas inquired.

But Kyle did not answer. Jonas was about to ask again when Kyle finally responded.

"Well. You both want different things. She's not your type, and your not hers. I don't think you even know what your type is. If you stay together, and you marry her like she wants, you'll regret it, and you'll end up resenting her. Which will make you both miserable. If you stay with her and you don't marry her, she'll resent you for not making an honest woman out of her, and she'll strive to make you as miserable as she is. So, I think your not only making the right decision, your making the only one available to you."

Jonas left the gym twenty minutes later. He walked instead of riding his bike, wanting to put off the moment when he'd break Bridget's heart, as long as possible. He 

He practiced his speech again and again in his head. The words all sounded hollow to him, and he wondered if Bridget would notice. He doubted it. No matter how he said it, the words would come out harsh and she would take it badly. She wanted to take their relationship to the next level, and he wanted to end it. There were no perfect words to get her thru it unhurt. 

That was what he was thinking when he first saw her. His breath caught in his throat and he stopped dead in his tracks. Someone cursed behind him, but he was oblivious.

She was breathtaking. Absolutely and utterly heart stopping. He stood in the middle of a busy city sidewalk, holding up his bike. People jostled by grumbling, but all he noticed, all that mattered in that moment, was the woman he gaped openly at.

She was blonde, but a much softer shade than Bridget's was. It was wavy and had soft highlights. She was laughing, and in the noisy street her voice was the only sound he heard.

Now Jonas was no poet. But in that moment, it was as if the angels had ascended to the streets, and sang a harmonious ballad of beauty. It was as if they floated weightless across the universe, surrounded by stars and planets, and it was only he, and it was only she.

It took him awhile to realize she was not alone. It was about the time she wound her arms around some guy he hadn't realized she was walking with. His heart dropped as he watched them pass. Apparently the guy was pretty funny to make her laugh the way she did. Or maybe that was just the way she always laughed. He couldn't know.

He watched until the couple disappeared around a corner, then, with a deep sigh, he continued walking. It wasn't until he reached his building that he remembered his dilemma with Bridget. And he had not decided how best to break the news to her.

He keyed himself into his apartment and looked around. At first, he thought he'd gotten lucky and she wasn't home. But there was music coming from down the hall. Not so lucky.

"Jonas? Is that you baby?" He sighed and closed the door, tossing his bag onto the sofa.

"Yeah. Its me." He stood at the door expecting her to come greet him, as usual.

"Can you come help me for a minute?"She called from down the hall. God, he hoped she wasn't gonna ask for help bleaching her roots.

"Uh, yeah. I'm coming." He looked in the bathroom first, and she wasn't there. That left the bedroom, and he wasn't quite ready for what awaited him.

Bridget was stretched across the bed on her back. She wore his favorite lingerie. A lavender cup less bra, lavender bikini style panties made entirely of lace. And matching garters, with white fishnet, thigh highs. 

And she was not alone. Stretched out on her side beside Bridget, one hand on Bridget's stomach, and one propping up her own head, was Melanie, the brunette from across the hall.

Melanie wore no bra at all, a forest green thong with matching garters and black thigh highs. They were stunning. Both women smiled at him expectantly. Bridget, beckoned him forward with a finger.

"Babe, uh... I'm not sure we should do this." He was hesitant. Obviously. What man in his shoes wouldn't be. He questioned whether he would regret not, taking advantage of this opportunity. The question was answered for him when Melanie pat the bed. He wouldn't turn down an invitation twice. That would just be rude.

He pulled his shirt over his head, and went to them. They pulled him down between them, and Bridget produced a scarlet rope. Melanie held his arms above his head while Bridget tied them to the head board. This gave him a chance to take a closer look at Mel.

Physically she was completely different from Bridget. Her dark brown hair was a sharp contrast to Bridget's white blonde strands. Her hair, fell only to her shoulders, while Bridget's cascaded down her back. And it didn't stop there.

Bridget's eyes were blue, Melanie's were hazel. And while Bridge was skinny, Melanie's body was toned to perfection. While they worked over his head to secure him, their breasts dangled precariously close to his face. He leaned forward and flicked his tongue across Bridget's nipple, sucking it into his mouth. She moaned, but kept working. So he did the same to Melanie's nipple, and she smiled down at him in a way that made his already stiff cock, strain harder against his jeans.

Even here they were different. Melanie's nipples were rosy hued, and Bridget's were pale enough to blend into the rest of her body. Mel's breasts were smaller, plump C's, while Bridget proudly sported firm bouncy double D's. A little big for her body, he'd always thought, but nice anyway.

Once they were satisfied he couldn't wriggle his hands free they moved down to his waist. Bridget's hand came to rest on his package, Melanie's on his thigh. And they kissed. Now if you've ever seen two women kiss up close, this was way more potent. He pressed his hips up against Bridget's hand for the relieving pressure but she moved her hand. Directly onto Melanie's breast. He groaned as he watched, wishing he could touch one of them, both of them. 

They moaned softly, and he could swear the temperature went up several degrees. This wonderful torture went on for what seemed an eternity, then they were undoing his belt, his pants, and removing the last of his clothing. His cock sprang up in freedom, a healthy ten inches in length. Melanie raised her eyebrows as if to say "impressed" and he felt proud of his size. 

Melanie's soft hand wound around him, stroking him softly, and then, they were kissing and licking him. Two warm wet tongues, sliding across the taught pulsing flesh of his manhood. He groaned and watched. Nothing in his life had ever been so damn sexy. Someone was gently caressing his balls and hell, it felt so right. Melanie was the first to stop. She crawled up the bed and tossed a leg over his chest. She smelled wonderfully, saturatingly female, and she was lowering herself onto his waiting tongue. 

Bridget was now swallowing him whole. Her lips tugging on his flesh, sucking the very cum from his balls. As soon as he could reach, his tongue slid across Melanie's slick wet flesh. She moaned as he found her clit and drew circles around it.

This was like some fantasy from his college years. It wasn't the first time he'd climbed into bed with two women, but this was something more potent all together. He pulled his arms down, wanting so badly to hold Mel's ass while she rode his face. But then she was gone, and even Bridget was no longer touching him. 

They got off the bed and knelt out of his sight. They whispered and laughed quietly making him a bit nervous. Then they stood and he was able to watch them remove their garters and slide their panties off. Bridget was perfectly balled and Melanie had a thin track of hair, just about her slit.

They climbed back on the bed and Melanie slid a cock ring down over his cock to the base. It increased the pressure and sensitivity and made him groan when her fingers brushed lightly across the tender flesh. Bridget climbed onto top of him and slid his cock inside her. She was tight and hot and felt so damn good. She started to ride him at a slow torture pace, every nerve in his body was hyper sensitive and he was grateful for the ring, or he may have come here and now. 

Melanie kissed her passionately then stood and straddled him, her ass facing him. He wished he had a better view of what was happening because Bridget was licking her pussy, and by her husky moans she was loving every second of it. 

They kept him tied for the next hour as they switched places and invented new ways to stimulate and torment his nerves. Finally he was untied and he pushed them both down on the bed. An arm around each as he fucked first one, then the other. At times he had no idea whose breast was in his mouth or whose hand was scratching long tracks down his back. But it didn't matter. When he made sure they'd each come an additional two times, he pushed himself up on his knees and splattered his come across their bellies.

Jonas woke early the next morning in a tangle of arms and legs, with two heads on his chest. Slowly and carefully he extracted himself from the naked bodies, and went to the bathroom. He brushed his teeth, washed his face and climbed in the shower.

He was enjoying the hot steamy water when a small hand slid across his back and around his waist. A narrow body pressed against his back, and he smiled when she slid her hand down to wrap around his already swelling member.

Lips pressed against his spine as nimble fingers stroked his length. He felt her teeth graze his skin and groaned deeply. Her turned to face Bridget, gazing up at him with sleepy sexy eyes. 

"See what you can look forward to once we're married?" She asked brightly, clinging to his neck. 

Fuck. He was going to have to talk to Kyle about this new turn of events.