 Ever since that fateful first day that Wendy inadvertently peeped in on her new neighbors Mandy and Hank fucking in their backyard they have been at the center of many of hers sexual fantasies with her husband being the beneficiary of her increased sexual libido. Her husband Bill had asked what had gotten into her as of late but she was less than forthcoming in her responses. She had no idea what her husband would think of her if she were to reveal to him that she had masturbated while spying on their neighbors making love. 

She also did not intend to tell him that the beautiful and buxom Mandy made a pass at her when she visited earlier before he arrived home from work. Mandy had begun to stir feelings deep within Wendy that she did not yet feel comfortable dealing with. She needed to tread carefully for she was a very happily married woman and she was in no way looking to fuck up her relationship with her husband.

"Are you okay honey?" Bill asked.

"Yes, honey I'm fine. Why do you ask?" Wendy said.

"Well, you have been acting kind of funny lately."

"I don't know what you mean." Wendy was getting nervous at this line of questioning.

"Well like today for example. I'm barely through the door before you start ripping off my clothes and start fucking my brains out and now you seem, distant. Like something is bothering you. Is something wrong?" Bill asked.

"Honey, no. Everything is fine. I'm just feeling a little tired that's all from the heat and everything. No need to worry." Wendy tried reassuring him.

"So what kinds of things did you and Mandy talk about when I came and found you guys?" Bill asked.

"It was just girl talk honey. You wouldn't find it very interesting." Wendy said.

"So was she nice? Do you like her?"

"Um yeah she was nice." Wendy tried sounding noncommittal. 

"That's good honey. I'm glad you made a new friend. Maybe you guys can start spending time together and hang out and do girl stuff." Bill said.

"Yeah I think she and I really hit off and I think she would like to see a lot more of me." Wendy wasn't kidding. 

Wendy looked up into Bill's eyes and then gave him a deep kiss. "You know that I love you more than anything, right?"

"Of course sweetie and I love you." Bill said.

"Good. Let's go and get cleaned up our guests will be arriving soon." Wendy told him.

***

Bill dressed simply for tonight's dinner he put on a t-shirt and jeans while Wendy decided to dress up for the occasion. Wendy had a pretty black low cut dress that she rarely gets to wear as she and Bill rarely ever go out so she figured why not put it on for tonight. The hem of the dress was real short showing off her a lot of leg and thigh. Her husband loves this dress.

Promptly at seven their guest arrived for dinner. Wendy greeted Mandy at the door who was wearing a fiery red strapless dress that fit snugly on her curvy form and showed an ample amount of cleavage. Hank was dressed down in much the same way was as Bill was. 

"Hello, Wendy thanks so much for inviting us over for dinner. Let me take a look at you in that dress honey. Damn. You look stunning. Doesn't she honey?" She looked over at Hank.

"Oh, yes she does. How about you give us a little twirl let us have a look at the whole package there hon?" Hank said to Wendy. 

Wendy thought that was an odd request but not wanting to be an impolite hostess did as she was asked.

"My wife was right about you curvy in all the right places." Hank stared at Wendy intently causing her to feel a little awkward.

Bill walked into the room and said hello introducing himself to Hank. 

"Thanks for coming over guys and welcome to our home. Let's head right this way to the dinner table." Bill led the way followed by Wendy. Hank and Mandy had a nice view of Wendy's ample rear.

"I told you honey. Doesn't she have the sweetest looking ass?" Mandy whispered in Hank's ear. 

"You were babe. What I wouldn't give to get me some of that." Hank replied.

Hank and Bill made themselves comfy at the dinner table while Wendy served dinner with Mandy offering her assistance in the kitchen.

While Wendy was preparing the dinner plates Mandy leaned in close to Wendy's ear and whispered. "Something sure looks good and smells delicious and I'm not talking about the dinner."

"Um thank you." Wendy's voice cracked. "You're too kind. Um here you take these plates and I'll take the other two."

Wendy quickly made her way out of the kitchen into the dining room. All four sat down for the delicious meal and a couple of bottles of wine. Bill sat at the head of the table. Wendy sat to his left on the side. Across from Wendy sat Hank and Mandy. 

"May I have some wine please?" Hank asked Wendy.

"Sure thing." Wendy stood up and poured the contents of the wine bottle into his glass. Hank took a nice little peek down her dress at her ample bosoms getting a hard on. Mandy followed his gaze and smiled at him. When Wendy looked up from pouring to ask if Mandy would like some and she caught them both staring at her chest. Her face turned a few bright shades of red.

"Why yes I would like some Wendy." Mandy winked and smiled at Wendy. Her hands began to tremble a bit as he poured Mandy's glass spilling a little onto the table cloth.

"Sorry. I'm a bit clumsy tonight." Wendy chuckled nervously.

During the evening Wendy kept catching Hank and Mandy staring at her boobs. Talk about awkward. Wendy was just glad that Bill hadn't noticed.

"Oh, I guess I'm a bit clumsy tonight as well. Wendy I appeared to have dropped my fork. I think it may have fallen by your feet. Do you mind?" Mandy asked.

"Oh sure. Not at all." Wendy pushed back her chair and knelt under the table. She found the fork in due time but that's not all that she found. Across from her she could see that Mandy had pulled her husband's cock out of his fly and was slowly stroking the shaft of that monster with great tenderness and care. Had this been going on the entire time? Wendy could feel a dampness begin to form in between her legs. Wendy was half tempted to reach out with her tongue and lick the tip of his cock. 

Wendy could also clearly see up Mandy's incredibly short dress and she was not wearing any panties. Mandy was stroking Hank with her right hand and with her left she ran her fingers around her slit spreading her lips open giving Wendy a clear view of the pink goodness inside. 

"Wendy?" Bill calling out to her startled her and she slammed the back of her head against the bottom of the table. 

"Oh my God honey. Are you okay?" Bill was concerned. 

"Ouch yeah. Just being clumsy again. Sorry." Wendy winced in pain.

"You should be more careful darling." Mandy looked at Wendy with a naughty grin. 

"Why don't I go and get dessert?" Wendy said.

"No, no. I got it honey you just take it easy." Bill interjected. 

Bill took a quick look at the back of Wendy's head to make sure she was quite alright before heading out to the kitchen.

"Wendy, Hank and I just wanted to thank you again for inviting us out to dinner it really has been quite delicious." Mandy said breathlessly. Mandy raised her left hand to her mouth and slowly proceeded to lick her fingers clean. 

"How about giving me a little taste babe?" Hank asked. Mandy stuck her fingers in his mouth and he greedily lapped up her nectar. 

"How about it Wendy? Would you care for a taste? Mandy tastes real nice." Hank said hoarsely. 

"No...no thank you. Maybe I should check in on Bill." Wendy quickly excused herself to the kitchen where Bill was slicing up the cheesecake.

"I'm almost done honey. Why don't you go back in and join our guests?" Wendy just strode up to him and kissed him hard. 

"I love you honey." Wendy said.

"I love you too." 

"I need you right now babe." Wendy hissed.

"What? Now? We can't we have guests." Bill said surprised.

"I don't care just fuck me!" She pleaded.

Wendy unbuckled his pants and pulled out his dick. She gave it a few strokes before she pulled down her panties and lifted her short black dress up her things. She bent over the counter and wiggled her ass at her husband. Bill needed no further encouragement. 

He strode up behind Wendy and slowly began to enter her from behind. Wendy's pussy was on fire and the feel of Bill inserting himself inside her sent bolts of electricity through her. He began slowly pumping into her and she was thrusting back trying to get him to go in deeper. Bill was about to go into turbo drive when his cell phone which was lying on the counter started to buzz.

"Don't you dare pick that up." Wendy said.

"It may be important honey just give me a sec." 

He picked his phone but did not bother to remove his dick from inside Wendy. He listened intently and then told the person on the other end of the line that he would be right over.

"What the hell do you mean that you'll be right over? What about me?" Wendy demanded.

"Sorry honey it's my sister. Her car broke down and she is in a bad part of town. She needs me to come and pick her up and take a look at what's wrong with it." He said. 

"Well at least take care of me first dammit!" Wendy begged him.

"I'm sorry. I can't. This will have to wait until I get back." Bill said.

Bill grabbed a tool box and his coat and apologized to Wendy and their guests for having to leave. 

"That's too bad about Bill having to leave dear but I'm sure we'll get along just fine without him." Mandy told Wendy.

"Why don't we forget about dessert and just have a few more drinks instead. I'm feeling stuffed after that delicious meal." Hank said.

"Sounds good to me. You just relax Wendy and I'll pour us some more wine." Mandy said. 

"I don't know if I should. I've had too much already and Bill may call later needing me to meet up with him or something." Wendy said.

"Nonsense. If he needed you he would have brought you along. Here have a sip of this." Mandy handed Wendy a glass and sat next to her on the couch. Hank sat across from them in an armchair. 

Wendy sat back on the couch and sipped on the wine. Wendy had forgotten about having had removed her panties earlier in the kitchen. Because of this Hank had a clear view up her dress at her bare, cleanly shaven pussy. Hank became instantly hard. On the sly Hank grabbed his camera phone and snapped a pic texting it to his wife. 

Mandy's phone chimed and she took a look at the message. When she saw it her cheeks turned pink and she texted him back. 

You sly little devil. She have a very pretty pussy. What I wouldn't give to shove my tongue up her twat right now.

Why don't you then. Hank texted back. 

She burst out laughing at this comment and he did as well.

"What is it?" Wendy asked.

"Nothing dear. Here have some more wine." Mandy said. 

"I need to take a leak. Where is your john located hon?" Hank asked Wendy. She directed him down the hall.

"You have such a lovely home Wendy." Mandy said. 

"Thank you." Wendy paused a moment before continuing.

"I'm glad we're alone now Mandy actually." 

"Oh, why is that hon?" Mandy asked.

"Well I wanted to talk about what happened this afternoon right before my husband Bill walked in on us in the kitchen." 

"I was disappointed too hon. I wish we could have had a bit more time to get to know each other properly. If you know what I mean." Mandy said as she reached out and stroked Wendy's arm.

"No. That's not what I meant. Look I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression about me but I'm a happily married woman and I was not looking for anything to happen." Wendy said. 

"I'm happily married too. Married but not dead. It's okay to have fun and explore new experiences with new people." Mandy told her.

"Well I'm not an "explorer." Wendy said.

"Look hon. I'm sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable. It was not my intention to do so. You are just so beautiful." Mandy kept rubbing Wendy's bare arm as she spoke.

Mandy's continued touch sent goose bumps all over Wendy's body. Truth be told there was still a fire raging in between her legs from the fucking she was so precipitously denied of because of the family emergency. 

"It's quite alright. Really. I just didn't want you to get the wrong idea about me is all." Wendy said.

"I just want us to be friends Wendy. I'm really glad we moved into this neighborhood and that I met someone as wonderful as you." Mandy told Wendy.

"Me too actually and I would love for us to become friends." Wendy said.

"I'm glad that we have that all settled." Mandy looked into Wendy's eyes and smiled. She leaned in for a hug that Wendy reciprocated.

"You do smell really nice though." Mandy said still holding Wendy close. 

Wendy thanked her. Wendy pulled back from the hug and smiled staring back into Mandy's eyes. Mandy ran her fingers through Wendy's hair and then cupped her chin in her fingers. There was electricity in the air that could not be denied.

Mandy leaned in and pressed her lips against Wendy's for a quick peck. Mandy pulled back to make sure that her advances were welcome. Wendy just smiled. Mandy leaned in again but did not remove her lips from Wendy's so quickly. She opened her mouth and stuck her tongue into Wendy's going in for the kill.

Wendy did not resist at first. She just let it happen. Wendy enjoyed the feeling of Mandy's warm tongue in her mouth. The touch of their soft lips pressed together. Then Wendy suddenly pulled back.

"No Mandy. We can't. I can't. I'm sorry."

"It's okay. Don't be sorry." Mandy said as she continued peppering Wendy's mouth with wet kisses. 

"We really should stop." Wendy insisted.

"Uh huh. Whatever you want." Mandy said in between continuous kisses. 

Mandy pushed Wendy back onto the couch and shoved her tongue back into Wendy's mouth. She squeezed Wendy's breasts as she did so. Mandy then undid the straps of Wendy's dress and pulled her top down freeing her enormous breasts from their confines.

Mandy kissed, licked and sucked on Wendy's breasts with great fervor getting saliva all over them. Mandy had wanted a touch and taste of these beauties ever since she lay eyes on them that first day when moving into the neighborhood. 

"I love your big breasts Wendy and now they're finally all mine." Mandy said. 

"No. We should stop. We need to stop. Bill could be back at any minute." Wendy made one last effort to put a stop to the proceedings. 

Mandy had come too far to turn back now. She kissed Wendy again in an attempt to calm her down.

"Just relax honey and go with the flow. Just go with the flow." Mandy whispered.

Mandy licked her way down Wendy's chest and redoubled her efforts on her new friend's tits. Paying ample attention to her dark brown areolas. Wendy loved having her nipples played with as they were super sensitive. 

Mandy kissed her way down Wendy's stomach and slid down to her knees in front of Wendy. Mandy pulled down the top of her own dress. She pulled up the hem of Wendy's black dress above her thighs exposing her hairless snatch. 

"Spread your legs for me why don't you." Mandy said. 

Wendy simply nodded her head and did as she was told.

"No that is quite lovely." Mandy cooed. Mandy traced the outer lips of Wendy's pussy with her fingers causing Wendy to shiver with anticipation. Mandy leaned down and lightly blew her hot breath onto Wendy's vagina causing Wendy to gasp. 

Hank had finished up in the restroom and was now staring at the scene before him hidden in the shadows of the darkened hallway. He pulled his cock out and started stroking it biding his time.

Mandy flicked Wendy's clit with the tip of her tongue and then she began to lightly suck on it. Mandy spread Wendy's lips open exposing the pink inside. Mandy licked slowly licked around the edges making Wendy whimper. 

"You taste divinely my dear so very sweet." Mandy said. 

Mandy went and in for another kiss with Wendy and stuck one of her fingers up her cunt at the same time making Wendy moan in her mouth. 

Mandy broke their kiss and dove back down towards Wendy's pussy and wrapped her arms around her thighs. She then proceeded to shove her tongue up Wendy's cunt and went to town. 

Wendy began writhing around on the couch in pure ecstasy. Wendy started to fondle her own large breasts and tweaked her nipples.

"Oh yes eat my pussy." Wendy groaned. 

Neither woman had noticed Mandy's husband Hank making his way back into the living room. He was stark naked stoking his lengthy shaft as he stood over the two women. 

Mandy was enjoying the sweet flavor of Wendy's secretions. She found the scent and taste of Wendy's sex intoxicating like a drug. She could not get enough of it. 

Wendy could feel herself getting close to her peak. Beads of sweat were breaking out all over Wendy's body as Mandy continued eating her out. Hank was also close as he was now furiously stroking his meat at the sight of his wife and Wendy together.

"Oh. Oh. Oh my God! Aaargghhh!!" Wendy screamed as an orgasm tore through her body and she clamped her thighs around Mandy's head like a vice as she came. Mandy lapped up her sweet fluid proud at the fact that she was able to bring such pleasure to Mandy.

Hank moved closer to the couch and pointed his cock right at Wendy's voluptuous mounds and let loose. The first load hit Wendy squarely on the chest the next hit her face.

"What the fuck!" Wendy yelled. 

She opened her eyes and for the first time she realized that Hank was not only in the room but completely naked. His jism just kept coming and another load hit her cheek and she held up her hands in a defensive posture.

"What the hell are you doing?" Wendy demanded.

Hank just kept shooting string after string of his love lava all over Wendy's bare face, chest and hands. After what seemed like a minute he finally ran out of juice and slumped onto the couch next to Wendy.

"This was a mistake. You guys need to leave before my husband comes back." Wendy said.

"Just relax babe. Watching my wife go down on you was such a turn on. Can you blame me for getting excited?" Hank asked.

Mandy went up to Wendy and kissed her until she settled down.

"Just relax honey. The night is still young." Mandy said.

"Look my husband could be back at any time. You need to leave. I can't believe I allowed things to get this far." Wendy said.

Mandy kept uttering reassurances to Wendy in between kisses. Despite her protests to the contrary Wendy did not stop Mandy from kissing her and in fact was even returning them with equal fervor. 

Mandy began licking Hank's cum from Wendy's chest savoring the salty taste of her husband. She licked some cum from Wendy's face and without warning shoved her tongue full of her husband's cum into Wendy's mouth. 

Wendy was taken aback by this. Mandy swirled her tongue inside Wendy along with Hank's cum giving her a good taste. Wendy wasn't sure that she cared for the taste but she did enjoy kissing Mandy and she found the thought that she had another man's cum in her mouth other than her husband's quite erotic. She swallowed Hank's jism as she and Mandy continued kissing. 

"I think she's ready honey." Mandy looked up at her husband as she lay Wendy back onto the couch. 

Mandy splayed Wendy's legs apart and Hank took the tip of his dick and placed it at the entrance of Wendy's love hole.

"No. This is wrong. I love my husband." Wendy said.

"It's okay babe. This is just some meaningless sex among friends. You can still love your husband while enjoying purely physical pleasure with others." Hank said. 

Mandy stuck her tongue inside Wendy's mouth as a distraction while Hank went and for the kill. He shoved his prick all the way up Wendy's dripping snatch balls deep. Wendy moaned in Mandy's mouth at the sensation.

He pulled out all the way and slowly re-inserted himself. He did this again and again. Mandy played with Wendy's tits as they kissed. The stimulation to her tits, Mandy's sweet kisses and the feel of Hank's enormous cock were driving Wendy's libido through the roof. 
