 Are you a moral person? Truly? I am, or perhaps was; I'll leave you to decide.

A couple of years ago, I went to stay with a friend, let's call her V, with a daughter, Amber. They are a delight to be with and get on together even better than I could have begun to imagine at the time.

Having a gap in my diary, I took some time off for the visit and was greeted like a long-lost cousin and welcomed into their home. As usual, the company was great, the food was delicious, and the wine of a better standard than I dare afford at home. All-in-all a good decision had been made.

It turned out that V worked some very strange hours, was sometimes at home during the day while working at night, and vice versa. Amber, on the other hand, was around all the time as school was out.

She was a delight and we enjoyed some great days out, walking, sight-seeing, eating in restaurants and so on; sometimes all three of us and sometimes just Amber and me.

One night when V was at work, Amber and I wended our separate ways to bed quite early as we had enjoyed a long day in the fresh air and were tired out.

Waking in the night, I needed to go to the bathroom and as someone who sleeps in the nude, I unthinkingly left my room as naked as the day I was born. There should have been no problem with that as Amber was surely asleep.

Creeping noiselessly to the bathroom, I heard a quiet whimper, but shrugged off the sound and continued to the bathroom. On the way back to bed, I heard a moan and was worried that Amber was upset about something. Inching to her bedroom door, which was slightly ajar and peeked in, still strangely unaware that I had no clothes on. The sight that met my eyes will live with me forever, beautifully and wonderfully burnt into my memory.

There was just enough of a gap in the slightly open door to see the most arousing sight of Amber's friend Kat's deliciously round arse, raised proudly and aimed directly at the door. Kat was a vivacious girl whom I had met earlier that day when the three of us went for a walk and had some lunch. I didn't know they had planned a sleepover if that's what you could call it.

I had watched that posterior closely while we were on a narrow path and I followed, transfixed by the image before me, imagining what must be hidden beneath those tight form-fitting jeans.

My cock was way ahead of me and instantly rose to the occasion, at which point I realised I was naked but couldn't tear myself away from this sight. My brain caught up slightly later, and I discovered I was witnessing a full-on love-making session between Kat and the lovely Amber.

The reason Kat's bum was up, was because her pretty head was down, buried in the folds between Amber's wide-spread legs, and the moans I had heard earlier, were clearly hers. With eyes closed and her hands gripping the sheets, she was clearly approaching that delicious moment when the sky falls in, her stomach muscles contract and the pulses in her pussy take over.

I'm sure these could be clearly felt by Kat who by now had plunged two fingers deep into what sounded like a very wet Amber, and this seemed to be the trigger for amber's orgasm.

I was stunned by the beauty of what I had witnessed and so out of it, that I realised I had been stroking my aching rigid cock, unable to escape unnoticed back to bed.

Stepping out of sight, I waited, my breath uneven but as quiet as I could be. I listened as they chatted briefly, Amber gasping out her thanks to Kat.

"Your turn now," she said, "that was one of your best, and my goodness, there've been some good ones!"

"You know it turns me on to do you," replied Kat, "there's no hurry, just hold me for a bit."

My signal to go back to bed. Moral dilemma 1. Do I? Moral failure 1 - NO.

After some minutes I heard movement again and, waiting until things settled down, I dared to look.

This time, although Kat was back on her knees with her arse in the air, Amber's stunning youthful body and cheeky bottom were on display to me and she was clearly taking a more manual approach to satisfying her pretty red-haired lover.

She started with a finger of her right hand to work around Kat's brazen pussy and was clearly enjoying the increase in moisture this action provoked, not to mention the noises these movements generated.

"That's it," panted Kat, "start working my clit, please!"

"Not so fast," Amber retorted, "all in good time."

Her finger movements sped up until suddenly, I saw her push two fingers deep into Kat's pussy to her clear and very audible delight. What happened next was the most amazing vision I had ever seen.

Amber's pretty head moved down, and she started to rim the arse of her best friend with her tongue while alternating her fingers between the plunging of her pussy and the ministrations to her clit.

Kat is not a quiet girl, and I reckon if I had not gone to the bathroom, I would have woken anyway to the sounds emanating from that hotbed of sex. Amber had clearly learnt a lot as, just as Kat was indicating her crescendo, Amber whipped out her fingers and pushed one of them, dripping with Kat's juices, into her bum.

A gurgle of pleasure mixed with astonishment, followed by a string of expletives, poured out of Kat's mouth as she tumbled over on the bed, her whole body twitching with the explosive orgasm that racked her whole being.

My hand was a blur, and without ceremony, I blasted my load of cum which hit the bedroom door and ran down to the carpet below. There was no chance of cleaning it up and I just hoped it would dry by the morning. Back to bed for me.

"You going to join us?" chorused the two girls in unison. Caught. Moral dilemma 2. Do I? Moral failure 2? Surprise! Actually no, at just turned eighteen, I really felt I couldn't face Amber's Mum if she found out.

"Sorry girls, I was just going to the bathroom and heard voices, you both ok?" I croaked.

"Enjoy the show?" Amber retorted, clearly fully aware of what I'd been up to, "we waited for you to go to the bathroom!"

I realised I couldn't handle this anymore without throwing all morals to the wind so I just said, "Goodnight girls, sleep well," and walked quickly back to my room, hoping they didn't see the state I was in or the cum running down their door.

Back in my room, I relived what I had seen and very soon was hard and aching again. Grateful to V for the box of tissues on the table, I pictured in my mind's eye the two girls, happy, carefree and revelling in each other's bodies.

What's not to like, and as I filled that tissue from my second delicious orgasm of the night, I lay with my heart pounding, but with some pride that I hadn't overstepped my boundaries.

My visit at an end, I returned home, with a head full of memories of what can only be described as perfect; food for my fantasies for a long time.

Saying farewell, nothing was said about the night-time antics, V I'm sure being totally unaware, but the minx Amber had a twinkle in her eye and kissed me with a fervour beyond her years.

------

A couple of years later, the opportunity arose again for a visit and I was very eager to go, putting lascivious thoughts behind me as Amber would now be that bit older and not needing to seduce a much older man like me.

Arriving as planned, I was greeted by both V and Amber, both ebullient in their welcome. This was going to be fun I was sure. Once again, the schedule included days out, good food and wine, and good company.

I was rather disappointed that the lovely Kat was away, but that probably helped me not to be tempted into something I might regret.

All thoughts of naughtiness disappeared from my mind as the stay progressed, but on the third night, V was once again at work, and I woke in the night for the bathroom.

On my way back, I could see a dim light on in Amber's room, and hoping to catch a glance of her sleeping, I peeked through the door.

Like a female tarantula, she was ready to pounce. She was without a doubt ready for me. She was kneeling on the bed, her skirt down to her thighs, her bottom raised in my direction (déjà vu!) with just a black thong between me and heaven.

The seduction was completed by a pair of black sexy glasses through which she was examining me down her nose.

I was in a turmoil, unable to move, my mouth no doubt dropped open like a teenager seeing his first naked girl, and oh no, my cock pointing straight up, as last time, but in full view of Amber.

"I've been waiting," Amber snapped, "what took you so long?"

"Waiting to get to sleep?" I replied, pretending this surreal situation was all in a dream.

"For you, of course," she replied, "it looks as if you have a condition. Can I help?"

Moral dilemma 3. Do I? Are you mad? Of course I do. She's over eighteen, the invitation came from her, and my wicked brain has been in turmoil since the Kat incident, wishing that I had had fewer scruples.

I move across the moral threshold of her bedroom door and sit down.

"This is wrong," I tell her, "what would your mother say, and what about our age difference?"

"My mother wondered why you didn't do us both last time you were here; and Kat for that matter. As for the age difference, they say it's only a number, don't they?"

I think that was the last thing either of us said for a long time. I reached over and stroked that tender bottom and looking into Amber's eyes asked her to stand up.

She was much shorter than me, and our height difference seemed to emphasise the age difference, but I was hers, and she clearly wanted me.

Bending down, I slid her skirt to the floor, and almost unable to breathe, I put by thumbs into the waistband of her thong and eased it over her hips and down to the floor.

What is it about a girl's pussy - the brain tells you it is not very attractive, and its description is largely gynaecological? So why does the heart think it is actually so beautiful, so welcoming, so fragrant, and in Amber's case, so wet. Pussy perfect.

I stood for a moment, totally bewildered why this gorgeous girl should make a pass at me. Strike while the iron's hot. Make hay while the sun shines. Just get on with it, I finally said to myself, as this ray of sunshine stood naked before me.

"Aren't you going to undress me?" the coquettish smile that I could eat, shining in her pretty face.

"But you're naked..."

"My glasses?"

"No, I think I'll leave those on, I wouldn't want to be accused of taking you completely nude."

We both laughed and her infectious giggle made my rather painful cock even harder if that was possible.

Pushing her back on the bed, I took up Kat's pose from two years before, and without a word, Amber's legs divided like the red sea, and I marvelled at the glistening, swollen sex before me.

I paused to revel in its beauty, but then quickly dived down to sample the ample nectar that was oozing from between those perfect lips.

Forget the expensive wine, this was so much better. Amber started to make some growling noises as my dedication to the altar of her body continued. My tongue worked around the outside of her vulva before slowing moving inexorably toward the hot wet centre.

Taking her clit between my lips, I, oh so gently, nibbled on her trigger and she let out a squeal of pleasure followed by a stream of invective. So that worked.

Pushing two fingers inside her and lapping her clit as if it was the last drink I would get, Amber exploded and, so sensitive was she, that she pushed my head away and I could watch her stomach muscles clenching as she came, and my fingers could feel the pulses of her vaginal muscles.

Peace.

I said she was much smaller than me, and after catching her breath, she lay on top of me, her breasts pushed against my chest, my cock rigid against her stomach, and her head resting on my shoulder. We lay like that for some time.

"Fuck me," She said eventually. "I want you to fuck me and fuck me hard. You and Kat are undoubtedly the best pussy-lickers I've ever had, and there've been a few, but I need to be filled, and your balls need emptying. Now."

Normally I would bristle when someone tells me what to do, how hard and when, but come on, I'm not stupid. Rolling us both over so I was on top, with Amber underneath, I eased her legs apart and once again stared at her perfect pink pussy.

I slid into her, to a beautiful sigh from Amber, and at first, just entered her with the first couple of inches and moved in and out, my bell-end teasing her outer lips.

She could tell what I was up to and gurgled, "stop that, I need you in me. Don't tease. Just fuck me." And then after a short gap, "please?"

That was all I needed and started to penetrate deep inside her, just bumping against her cervix.

"That's it, that's it," she whimpered, her breathing getting more erratic.

I'm blessed with staying power, but that night was a challenge. After a while of pussy-pounding, I could feel the itch and knew I didn't want the night to end. Pulling out, I received an earful of abuse from the frantically frustrated Amber.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she snapped at me.

"I want you to sit on me," I replied, "you can be in control then and do what you want."

Amber, her face with red patches from her exertions and passion, moved to the side to allow me to lie on my back before she straddled my middle and taking my cock in her hand, guided me into the warm, wet tunnel of her gorgeous body.

Starting to rock up and down, she closed her eyes and wallowed in the sensation of my cock, even deeper inside, now that she had her full weight on me.

I closed my eyes too, and apart from the breathing and occasional groans from each of us, we just wallowed in our pleasure.

Suddenly I felt a draught and opening my eyes, I spotted V standing in the doorway.

I nearly died. I was on the point of telling her that, "it isn't what it seems," but actually it was exactly what it seemed. Astounded, I saw V smile in a way that I'd never seen her before, a smile that would have melted every exhibit in a wax museum.

Without saying a word, she stripped herself of her clothes, not that there were many, came over to the bed and, swinging her leg across me and in front of her daughter, she lowered her face onto my waiting mouth.

"You're going to love this," Amber said to V, and as she slowed started to ride me again, V lowered herself gently to my waiting mouth. Not so easy in this position, but focussing on V's very ready, wet vulva, helped me to delay the inevitable half-way down my body.

The two girls both started moaning together and just as my aching jaw had almost had enough, Amber came hard, spitting out a river of obscenities. Her pulsating pussy was the end for me and as I filled her with my seed, the sensations were so great that I think I bit a bit too hard on V's clit which drove her over the edge as well. Oh, cum... cum... cum you might say.

So, this is how I discovered that my friend of so many years, was somewhat more liberal than I could have imagined. Lying in bed with me in the middle and one girl on either side, it became clear that V and Amber share a lifestyle that I could never have imagined, could probably never live, but deep inside, a way of life, that, at least while they're young, really has not much to beat it.

If you want to borrow my moral compass, I'm afraid it was lost somewhere in the USA.

Want to hear more? Sorry, V, Amber and I have some unfinished business.