 It was a dark and stormy night ... oh no, wait ... wrong story. It was actually a rather pleasant spring evening, which is very rare for Houston. But then weather has nothing to do with this story, I'm just setting the scene. Cheryl and I had been married for about nine months. We lived in the typical garden style apartment complex that was common for young newly weds and struggling college students, of which we were both. Actually I was the full time student and worked part time as a drug store clerk. Cheryl worked full time as a bank teller and attended classes part time. We were both pretty busy, but still very much newly weds and couldn't keep our hands off each other every chance we got.

Not being from Houston we didn't have a large circle of friends but we were working on it. Cheryl made friends pretty quickly and would invite people over for dinner on occasion when we both had an evening at home. This particular Friday night she had invited one of the girls she worked with at the bank over for drinks and dinner. Sarah was about our age, not the brightest bulb in the box, but very sweet and to tell the truth, not hard on the eyes at all. She was about five four, small but not petite, blonde hair past her shoulders, though she normally wore it up.

She was from Jasper, a small town deep in the piney woods of East Texas and a true country girl at heart. She had moved to the big city straight out of high school and was still trying to find herself. Houston was big enough and cosmopolitan enough for her to blend in, but really her heart, her sole and her common sense were back in the woods somewhere.

She had just broken up with her second or third boy friend since moving to the big city and she was really feeling down. Cheryl invited her over for diner hoping that we could cheer her up and to try to keep her from calling it quits and head back home. She was hurt, upset and felling pretty lonely, but I don't think she really wanted the big city beat her. In her current state I'm pretty sure that's what she was thinking, but Cheryl and I both hoped she would stay ... besides, we needed the friends.

It was spaghetti night and all three of us were crammed into our apartment's tiny kitchen. I'd open a bottle of cheap red wine and poured a glass for each of us. While Cheryl worked on a tossed salad, I started the spaghetti sauce and we put Sarah to work buttering French bread for toast. As we each finished our designated tasks, we retired one by one to the dinning room, as it was, but we were still close enough to continue the conversation.

We both were trying to cheer up poor Sarah and at the same time question her as to her opinion on why she seemed to have such bad luck in love. Basically we were trying to get her to talk about the apparent failures of her love life. The theory being, that the more she talked about it, the more she might understand herself what went wrong and if possible, make corrections.

As the spaghetti sauce slowly simmered on the stove, and all three of us gathered around our tiny excuse for a dinning table, Sarah talked and talked and Cheryl and I both felt like we were making progress. It least we had her talking and trusting us and at least feeling like she had some friends she could rely on.

After several glasses of wine, I got up to boil the pasta. And while the girls set the table for diner, I opened another bottle of wine. Cheryl lit candles and dimmed the lights. We each served ourselves in the kitchen, returned to the table to continue our conversation.

Eventually, as we knew it would, the discussion came around to sex. Sarah claimed she wasn't a virgin, but you could tell from her voice that she had not mastered the art either. Her description of her love life seemed very naive and almost like she was still in high school; early high school for that matter. Clearly she was never the initiator of sex. She would "give in" because she felt she "needed to." And it was obvious to us that she considered it more of an obligation than an activity enjoyed between two consenting adults.

After several probing questions, Cheryl finally got around to, "do you touch his penis?"

"Well yes," she answered. But with a hesitation in her voice.

"Have you ever given a guy a hand job ... you know, had he come in your hand?" Cheryl asked. A shy yes was her response, but neither of us believed it.

I couldn't hold it back any longer. "Have you ever given a blow job?" I blurted out.

She quickly, almost instantly, responded "no," with a quick glance to Cheryl to check her reaction to my question. She then sort of shuttered with a "that's gross" look in her eyes.

Cheryl and I both glanced at each other and smiled. I wanted to respond, but Cheryl squeezed my hand under the table to imply that she would handle this. She looked Sarah directly in the eyes and proclaimed that oral sex was the ultimate expression of intimacy and affection between two people. It showed total trust in each other, and besides, your mouth and tongue could do things to each other that simply weren't possible through any other means.

Sarah sort of sat there with a look of disbelief on her face. We both knew what was going on in her mind and I'm sure the thought came to both of us at the same time that we need to convincer her otherwise.

I immediately agreed with everything Cheryl was saying, but I realized that it was much better to let her try to reason with Sarah, girl-to-girl. Cheryl tilted back on her chair to reach behind her to the kitchen counter. She pulled the one banana we had in a fruit basket on the counter and brought it softly up to her lips.

At first, without peeling it, she seductively kissed the bottom end of the banana. Sarah's eyes were as big as saucers, but she didn't pull away. She stared at Cheryl with the look of a school girl that had wondered into the boy's dressing room by mistake.

We both felt that we had an opportunity to make a difference in this poor girl's life. Again, I wanted to chime-in with my two cents, but I knew better. Cheryl was doing an excellent job and all I had to do was sit and watch.

A sense of sexual anticipation hung in the air. Cheryl slowly removed the banana from her lips. She turned it around and seductively began to peel it. The candle light flickered and wine was clearly taking its desired affect as Cheryl now brought the fully peeled fruit to her lips.

First she very, very gently kissed the tip. She did this several times; each time drawing it every so slightly deeper and deeper into her month. After the third or fourth kiss, her tongue began to follow the banana past her lips as she slowly slides it in and out.

She pulled it away from her face for a moment and longingly admired it. On the next trip to her lips she deliberately placed a large ball of spit on the tip. Then slowly and with great affection, she applied the saliva evenly over the first inch or two of the banana's tip.

Sarah's eyes, as well as mine, were glued to this exhibition of pure sexuality. On the next pass of the banana to Cheryl's lips she was clearly beginning to suck the fruit into her month once it touched her lips. And as the banana was sucked further and further into her mouth, you could see her cheeks concave into the cutest little dimples as the suction increased with each pass.

My penis was hard as a rock; I'd never been jealous of a banana before, but I wanted those lips wrapped around me, not some piece of breakfast fruit. Cheryl sensed my desire, as I'm sure my quickening breath gave me away. She pulled the banana from her mouth and placed her hand on Sarah's. She looked Sarah in the eye and smiled.

"Would you like to try it," Cheryl asked. Sarah didn't actually respond, but Cheryl placed the now soaking wet banana into her hand and simply allowed Sarah to draw it to her own lips. After a sort pause, Cheryl said, "No, I meant on Tom."

My heart must have skipped a beat as both women's eyes quickly turned to meet mine. Sarah slowly removed the soggy fruit from her mouth and shook her head no. But the pause spoke more clearly than the negative head movement and Cheryl said, "I'll show you."

Almost too weak to be audible, Sarah stuttered, "Isn't it dirty?"

Ok, here was my chance to add something to the conversation. And understanding that all three of us had been working or attending class all day, and not really anticipated this opportunity, I quickly interjected, "Well, lets all take a shower."

I didn't really wait for a response figuring that if I heading for the shower, Cheryl would bring Sarah in tow. And to my surprise, it actually worked. I was butt naked and in the shower in less than 60 seconds.

I was fully lathered up and of course paying particular attention to the critical areas of concern when the shower current was pulled back. There stood my beautiful Cheryl, stark naked, with an equally stunning Sarah, also butt naked. I honestly could not believe my eyes or my incredible good luck.

As I was about finished washing, I quickly rinsed and held out my hand to help the two ladies into the tub. It was a very tight fit in our cheap little apartment shower tub combination, but we did manage to get all three of us in there. I moved to the back and allowed the girls to wet their bodies. I then soaped up Cheryl and began bathing her with a small wash cloth. When I was about half way through, I realized that she had already started on Sarah, I was hoping that would be my job, but I wasn't complaining as I still could not believe this was happening at all.

As the girls began to wash each other, I realized there really wasn't enough room for all of us. I stepped out of the shower and began to dry off. I don't normally wear a robe around the apartment, but this seemed like an opportunity to get a little use out of the one that hung unused in my closet for almost nine months. Being the gentleman I am, I also got out Cheryl's and found another one Sarah could wear.

Returning to bathroom with robes in hand, I really saw Sarah's full body for the first time. Both girls were out of the tub and Cheryl was actually blotting Sarah dry. They were both even more spectacular as their bodies glistened with drops of bath water.

Sarah breasts were almost perfect. She was slightly fairer in skin tone than Cheryl and her breasts were slightly larger. Maybe a good solid C compared to Cheryl's healthy B cups. But as Cheryl has that cute little "perk" to her up turned nips, Sarah's were softer and smoother to her form. Sarah was also slightly shorter, but probably weighed about the same.

And though I always assumed she was a natural blonde, now I wasn't quite so sure as her pubs were a dark brown. But they were thinner than and not as curly as Cheryl's, so maybe she was and maybe dark pubs are just natural on blondes. Cheryl's a brunette and I guess it's just a male fantasy that hair color up above has a direct connection with the color below. I made a mental note to do more research on the subject.

Watching them, I was trying to hide my erection, but with little success. The robe I received as a Christmas gift years ago, just wasn't doing the job. Trying to be cool about the entire experience, I decided to retire to the living room. I refilled all the wine glasses and sat on the couch to wait.

Moments later, the girls appeared at the bathroom door. Cheryl was leading with Sarah in tow, but I wouldn't say she was dragging her either. It looked like Sarah was on board for what was about to happen. But I have to admit, I was just a little surprised that Cheryl, my wife of nine months, was so willing an instructor. Well hell, so what, I wasn't complaining and I really don't think Sarah was either.

Upon reaching the couch, Cheryl sat Sarah on the opposite end of the couch from me. Then without a word, she gentle pushed me over to where my head was in Sarah's lap. She then knelt on the floor in front of me and pushed my left leg up on to the opposite arm of the couch. This left me with right leg still on the floor, my left leg on the arm of the couch and my head in Sarah's lap.

My dick was hard as a rock and the robe was now doing absolutely nothing to hide it. I looked up to see Sarah's face, but she was fixated on what Cheryl now had in her hand. Besides, looking up all I could really see were those incredible tits.

Cheryl's left hand smoothly stroked my throbbing penis while her right hand moved back and forth from my chest to Sarah's legs. I remembered what Cheryl had done to that banana only minutes earlier and I knew what I was about to be in for. I was determined not to cum, as not only did I want Cheryl to suck me ... I really wanted Sarah to experience the joy of oral sex for herself. And I was afraid that once I came, that would be the mode breaker and I just wasn't sure what would happen after that.

As Cheryl started to kiss my cock, I looked away. I tried to think of something else to keep from shooting my load, but all I could see was Sarah's tits hanging over my head, actually touching my forehead with each breath, which were starting to come faster and heavier as Cheryl continued the demonstration.

Cheryl must have sensed the same thing and slowed her stroke. She could have brought me off any time she wanted, and she knew it. But that wasn't her plan either. She has sucked me off a hundred times in dozens of place and situations. This was an educational experience for Sarah and Sarah needed to experience it for herself.

Cheryl pulled back and looked up to Sarah. She smiled at Sarah and indicated ... Ok babe, I've got him ready, it's your turn now.

Sarah slipped out from under my head and moved to the floor kneeling next to Cheryl on the floor. I scooted up the couch so my head now rested on the arm of the couch next to where Sarah was just sitting. My trouping manhood was now squarely in front of Sarah and though she looked a little nervous, I had no doubt she was ready to take the next step.

She placed her left hand low on my cock the way Cheryl had showed her. My body tightened and I must have shivered slightly, as she sort of jumped a bit. But luckily, it didn't slow her down. Following Cheryl's artful instruction, Sarah first kissed the tip, kissed it again and then placed a large drool of spit on the tip. Then, just as she was shown, she slowly a lovely worked her mouth's wetness further and further down the shaft.

Cheryl leaned in to watch and offer advice. I couldn't stand to watch as I knew if I looked just once, that would be it. But I could hear Cheryl's sweet voice offer tips on the art that she loved and was so good at.

First she encouraged Sarah hold the penis low in her left hand and softly "palm" my balls while at the same time, slowly stroking up and down. She artfully pointed out that the most sensitive areas were the head and the pulsating underside of the penis. She had Sarah alternately draw just the head on the penis back and forth into her mouth, and then change the tempo occasionally by going deep. Sarah couldn't of course deep throat the whole thing, but Cheryl assured her not to worry as that wasn't what was going to actually get me off.

The deep throat is mostly to provide warmth and to drench the entire staff in saliva for lubrication. The really sensitive areas are the head and the area on the underside of the staff. Cheryl had Sarah return to these areas again and again and my body was virtually in shock as I was trying not to cum ... but after several minutes there was nothing else I could do.

And to make matters worse, I had no idea where Cheryl's hands were. After the first few minutes they weren't on me, but I'm sure they were somewhere interesting. I felt Sarah flinch when Cheryl's hands first disappeared, but there was just one flinch and then just an occasional moan after that. I'm not sure if the moans were the result of me in her mouth, or if was due to something Cheryl was doing out of my sight but in any event, the affect on me was the same.

I shuddered, I shook and both girls knew this it. I'm sure Sarah didn't know what to do at this point, but I heard Cheryl say, "It's ok, pull back." I guess she figured the experience of a man cumming in her mouth was a lesson best reserved for another day. I now felt Cheryl's hand join Sarah's as they both massaged me to the biggest climax I think I have ever had. I thought I was about to have a heart attack as I felt my hot cum shoot all the way up my chest ... almost hitting my neck.

I must have been hyperventilating as I heard Sarah ask, "Is he Ok?"

Cheryl laughed and said, "Well, if he's dying, he'll at least he'll die happy."

Truer words could never been spoken. I was truly in heaven. Two gorgeous naked women had just given me the blow job of my life and I was one very happy camper.

Cheryl didn't even try to clean me up or cover my chest with the robe. She just kept softly guiding Sarah's hand stoking me ever so softly until my erection was nothing but a memory. My eyes were closed and I was still trying to regain my breath. 

Once my breath almost returned to normal, Cheryl slid on top of me. Her rope was completely open, as was mine. Her body was warm and sticky, but still felt wonderful against mine. Cheryl must have pulled Sarah up onto the couch as she was soon lying beside me. I really thought I had died and gone to heaven, for as I lay there I had two beautiful girls, both naked, covering my exhausted body. It couldn't possibly get any better than this.

I must have dozed off, so I'm not sure how much time had passed, but as my recuperation was nearly complete. I felted the girls move. Sarah slid off the couch and Cheryl moved to get up. She held my hand and pulled me from the couch. Once on my feet, she continued tugging toward the bedroom.

I think she tried to get Sarah to follow us, but I don't think she did. All I remember was Cheryl pulling me to the bed and then pushing me onto my back. Following me down she rolled to my side and with one hand under my neck, one hand below the belt and her lips firmly planted against mine ... I was hard again in no time at all. She rolled on top of me and fucked me like the wild crazy ass cowgirl she is.

This time we both fell asleep and didn't wakeup until the first light of Saturday morning. I staggered out of the bedroom with the combination of a killer hangover mixed with the feeling I'd just run a marathon the day before. Sarah was asleep on the couch rolled up in the Afghan my mother-in-law had crouched. Cheryl was still asleep on our bed, haphazardly rolled in a sheet with more of her gorgeous body showing than covered. (Very cute!)

I made coffee and started bacon cooking. That got them up and one at a time, the two girls took their turn at the bathroom. I made scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, coffee and the three of us ate one more meal together. I would have made banana pancakes ... but apparently we didn't have any bananas!

We didn't really see much of Sarah after that night. Of course she and Cheryl remained good work buddies and I was able to keep up with her that way. She made-up with her boyfriend, at least one of them, and as far as I know ... they're together to this day.

Now I realize that in all honesty, I had very little (if anything) to do with correcting Sarah's love life, but I personally like to think that I did. And who knows, if it hadn't been for my horny wife, a firm and well placed banana, and my wiliness to help a friend in need ... the population of Jasper, Texas might have been increased by one sexually frustrated bank teller.