 This story occurs chronologically after "Inverted Nipple Solution," which also features Marilyn. Though they are separate stories, since Mare has made considerable sexual progress by the time of this story, I'd suggest reading the other story first.

*

In college, I had a fuck-buddy Marilyn, a great personality who had very fair skin, blonde hair, big boobs, and a somewhat big but firm and round ass. She really liked to fuck, too. She had a friend, Jane, with a very assertive personality, whom I knew but not as well, who was a dark-complexioned brunette with a perfect athletic body--muscular but with curves, too, and super-pointy nipples. Since an acquaintance of mine had once dated her, I knew she loved sex and was an excellent lover. I'd wanted to bang her from the moment I first met her, but she had always had a steady boyfriend--one of those "serial monogamists." She and Marilyn both liked to party--drink, smoke pot, and generally cut up. 

One Halloween I bumped into them at a costume party. They were trashed and had come together dressed up as whores, and did they ever look the part--lots of gaudy make-up and dime-store jewelry, ridiculously teased-up hair, stiletto heals, fish net hose, and lingerie that showed a lot of tits and ass. I was dressed as a "70s guy," platform shoes, ultra-tight high wasted jeans with a shoestring belt, a loud flowered shirt unbuttoned to my naval, a huge neck chain (actually my bicycle chain!), and--the piece de resistance--an enormous afro wig. 

As soon as the girls saw me, they cracked up and said, "Our pimp!!!" 

Immediately assuming the role, I said, "You bitches makin' me any money tonight?" 

Having a very large time, the three of us stuck together as we walked/stumbled from one party to the next. Never breaking character, I'd walk up to other male partiers and offer them a hundred-dollar date as the girls posed, squeezing their boobs together and, occasionally, each others' ass cheeks. Quite unbelievably, no one took up the offers, even in jest. Marilyn and Jane, commensurate with their increasing inebriation, became ever bolder, offering menage a trois to numerous men. We were playing our parts so well that I believe people thought we were the real thing and were kind of scared off. 

It got really late, and we decided to ricochet on over to my apartment to knock back a few schnapps and do a few bongs. Already pooty-faced, we got even sillier there. In no time, Jane said she had to come out of her three-sizes-too-small panty hose, so she proceeded to peel them off in one deft motion—inadvertently taking her panties off as she did so. I really don't think she realized what she was doing at first, but we all fell out laughing and laughed even harder as she kicked them into the top of my potted ficus tree across the room. 

As Marilyn inhaled a big lung full of funny smoke, she exclaimed that her push-up bra was cutting into her, so she promptly unsnapped the front closure, and out popped her big ol' titties, tipped with tiny pink inverted nips, jiggling in time to her hysterical laughter. My own Britannia jeans were the very pair I'd actually worn as a teenager, and they were extra-tight back then, and with my rising erection, they became even more uncomfortably tight. So tight, in fact, that Jane commented it was obvious that I was circumcised. More laughter. 

Sitting there on the low couch in them, they honestly were cutting off my circulation, so I tried to slip them off, to no avail. To get them on earlier that evening, I had to lie down on the floor and struggle to wiggle myself into them, finally able to do so only by starting over without any underwear. I lay back on the couch to extricate myself, but was still unable to get out of them, so Marilyn pulled down with her fingers in the pockets while Jane tugged on the cuffs. This technique worked, and out sprung my hard dick as the girls fell backward onto each other into a pile on the floor. 

"Boing!" I uttered, to the roars of the girls. 

I then stepped out of the jeans and tossed my loud shirt into the tree with the hose, leaving me with nothing on but a bike chain and the bushy afro wig. Talk about stupid looking! I knelt down on the floor and, with Jane on one side of Marilyn and I on the other, we pulled off Marilyn's fishnet panty hose, which left a provocative iteration of diamond patterns over her thighs all the way up to her glistening blonde bush. As we did so, Marilyn unsnapped Jane's sexy little demi-bra which had been hiding the bottom halves of her perfectly shaped medium boobs and now visible nipples, delightfully large and erect. 

To my gleeful amazement, Marilyn began massaging the feeling back into Jane's released tits as Jane returned the favor to Marilyn. 

"Damn, Mare, I wish my boobs were as big as yours." 

"And I'd love to have your pencil-eraser nipples, Jane," as Marilyn tweaked them between her thumbs and forefingers. 

Now, mind you, these best friends were not lesbians; they were simply curious and uninhibited, given their wasted states of mind. I'd bet good money that neither of them had ever touched another woman's tits before. Naturally, I was extremely turned on, sporting a full erection, which did not go unnoticed. 

"Well, well, what have we here?" asked Jane. 

"A big hard dick," answered Marilyn. 

"Not THAT big," giggled Jane. 

"Plenty big enough," said Mare, "and let me tell you from first-hand experience, he knows how to use it." 

"Are you gals going to chatter all night or suck me?" I asserted, thrusting my rod towards their faces. 

Without hesitation, Mare gulped me down her throat while Jane stood up and began expertly French-kissing me, her crotch poised just above the head of the kneeling Mare's bobbing head. Tongues intertwined, I was thoroughly enjoying Jane's soft full lips as I simultaneously squeezed her nice firm tits with their big hard nipples tickling against my chest. 

"Man, I must be dreaming!" I exclaimed.

In answer, Mare bit my dick head medium hard and said, "No, dude, you're fucked up but wide awake." 

I could see that Mare was staring up at Jane's pussy as she sucked me and was rubbing her own clit, so I reached down to plunge my middle finger into Jane's hole and dragged some moisture up onto her clit to gently massage it. 

"Mmmmmmmm," mumbled Jane as she continued to deep-kiss me. 

Mare said, "Your vagina is so different from mine Jane. It's dark red, almost brown, and your lips and clitoris are so puffy and large. 

"Lesbo!" Jane teased. 

"Shut up, Jane; it's just that I've never seen another girl's thingy before. Mine is bright pink, and my labia and clitoris, though very sensitive, are much smaller. One thing's the same though—we're both dripping wet." 

I was very familiar with Marilyn's pussy, having bedded her scores of times. She was exactly right in describing herself to Jane, and she was the most sensitive girl I'd ever experienced. Whether fingering, licking, or fucking her, it was so easy to make her come—over and over and over. Her description of Jane had piqued my interest that I just had to have a look and a lick right then and there. So I broke our long kiss off and sat down on the couch behind me as she continued to stand and Mare continued her excellent blowjob. 

A bar of light shown through the window from the street light outside right on to Jane's pussy, and my oh my, was it gorgeous—big, rubbery, and hanging lips topped of with a rigid love button. I licked and sucked and three-fingered it as she ground its sopping wetness right back into my face. Finally, I heard Jane whisper, barely audibly, "I'm cumming," as her whole body vibrated in ecstasy for what must have been a good three minutes. As her orgasm wound down, I got up my nerve and took Mare's hand to place it upwards against Jane's drenched pussy. "Feel different, too, Mare?" I probed. 

"VERY different," she replied, somewhat reluctantly and very briefly feeling Jane's outer pussy. 

"Yeah, like a totally different person," cracked Jane. 

Sensing a moment of awkwardness, I decided it was time for a position switch, so I steered Jane onto the floor between the couch and coffee table where Mare had been sitting previously for Jane's turn to blow me while I stood Mare up to stand where Jane had been, only this time with the girl facing away from me--toward Jane. Then I sat back down on the couch, bent Mare over at the waist and began eating her super wet, bright pink pussy. 

Conveniently, Marilyn was able to support her upper torso in a stiff-arm position, palms against the top of the low coffee table. This placed Mare's big boobs hanging down around Jane's head, which knocked them around as she loudly slurped my cock. By positioning my hips just so and reaching around Mare's hips to grasp her breasts from the outside, I was able to rub Mare's boobs against Jane's soft little ears and smooth forehead. Knowing how much she admired Mare's big titties, I was hoping Jane would maybe "take the bait" and suck on them a bit. 

Well, within a few minutes, my wish came true, as Jane alternately swirled her agile tongue around and then flicked her long eyelashes against Mare's little pink inverted nip on one boob while fondling her other boob with one hand and stroking my saliva-soaked dick with her other hand. I already knew Jane to be a superb athlete who could hum a baseball or play ultimate Frisbee better than most guys, so I guess I should not have been surprised at her present feats of sexual multi-tasking. 

All this, of course, was a huge turn on, and the view could not have been better from where I sat looking between the standing Mare's thighs: Not only did this position afford me the opportunity to lick, suck, and finger her pussy, sink my fingers into her large meaty butt cheeks, and fondle her boobs, but I could also lean back away from her bottom just a bit to see her dangling tits and occasionally her pretty face. And from this position I could also see Jane blowing me, playing with Mare's tits, and even her luscious wet pussy, spread wide from her Indian-style sitting position there on the carpet. With my long arms, I could also reach between Mare's legs to twiddle Jane's big erect nipples (occasionally with a little help from Marilyn) and caress her face and busy lips. 

Wanting to get Jane's twat somehow involved, I realized my feet weren't doing anything productive, so I wiggled my toes against her prominent clit and labia, eventually inching a couple of toes as far as they would go into Jane's sloppy wet vagina. As I did this, Jane let go my dick and went full-tilt boogie with Mare's mammaries, pushing them together, and sucking first one and then the other into fully "extroverted" mode, lick between her considerable cleavage, and generally getting them really wet all over. As she did so, I increased the pace of my lick-sucking of Mare's pussy and managed to wiggle the big and middle toes of BOTH my feet as deep as possible into Jane's love hole. 

They were moaning so loud that I knew my neighbors could hear through the thin apartment walls. Mare came so hard that she actually told me to stop, so I leaned way back against the back couch cushion, which brought my shaft right between her wet tits. Seizing the moment, Jane squeezed Mare's boobs firmly around my raging erection as I rocked my hips to titty-fuck her while Jane licked and sucked my balls to my utter delight. With my thrusting hard between her magnificent tits, Mare lost her balance and fell back onto my chest but immediately began to suck me with gusto as Jane continued her magic on my balls. 

Although I could not see their faces from this new position, I could certainly FEEL what was going on as my dick popped out of Mare's mouth when she rared back, grasped my dick hard at its base to point it straight up and let Jane take over the sucking. Perfectly coordinating their movements, Mare would follow her choking fist around my shaft against Jane's lips as she sucked up and down and up and down. On the brink of cumming and fully aware that neither of them had yet had a dicking, I knew it was time to break this position and fuck these girls. 

A typical guy, I wanted to first fuck the girl I hadn't screwed before, and that would be Jane, so I pushed Marilyn's butt upwards off of me so that she sat, legs spread wide, on the top of the back of the couch. Then I stood up, pushed the coffee table further away from the couch and maneuvered Jane into a doggy-style position so that her knees were on the carpet and her elbows were propped on the couch's seat cushions—placing her face about six inches from Mare's spread pussy, which I hoped she would explore. 

"How'd you know this is my favorite position?" queried Jane. 

"I'm your pimp, remember." 

We all laughed heartily. That same bar of street light now shown brightly onto Marilyn's face down between her breasts across her naval and wet pussy and right on across the back of Jane's head down the middle of her back and finally her crack—perfectly illuminating her little pucker-hole and meaty pussy. I had to first have another taste of Jane's bottom, so I knelt down behind her and swept my tongue from her clit up through her labia and on across her ass hole, doing this up and down several times and covering my face with her voluminous love juices. 

Always assertive, Jane said, "All that licking feels great, but there's only one hole for your pee-pee, and it's NOT my butt hole!" 

"Oh, he's banged me plenty of times," chimed in Mare, "but he's never tried to screw my poop-shoot." 

At that moment, I noticed that not only did Mare have two of her fingers inside her pussy as she worked the thumb of the same hand against her clit, but that she also had the tip of the index finger from her other hand just barely in her little pink butt hole. Mare had never liked any kind of ass play before, now this. 

"My finger feels pretty good in there, Jane, but I dunno about his big ol' schlong either; I guess it's possible. I dunno" 

I filed this information away and plunged my rod deep into Jane's cunt, she at first gasping then cooing with each stroke. I loved the way Jane would rock her hips back on my in-stroke and then rock forward on my out-stroke in perfect time to my motions, making for full penetrations and nearly complete withdrawals as I watched her big pussy lips disappear and then reappear over and over. All the while, Jane was staring intently at Mare's crotch as Mare watched us and stimulated herself to several orgasms. Then Jane's coos became louder moans and eventually a crescendo of incomprehensible climactic gobbledygook that quite obviously signaled her orgasm, yet we continued to fuck, though at a much slower pace. 

After a long period of near silence, Jane finally said, " That's neat the way you play with yourself, Mare, really different from the way I do it." 

"Really, how do you do it, Jane?" 

"Well, he's doing too good of a job fucking me right now for me to demonstrate on myself, but—as long as y'all won't think I'm a lesbian—can I show you?" 

Withdrawing her hands from her crotch and spreading her legs extra wide, Mare said, "Of course we like men, Jane; we're heterosexuals to the max. Now you've got me really curious. Go ahead." 

So Jane reached up with her left hand to part Mare's little pink pussy lips between middle and index fingers and she took the very tip of her right index finger and vibrated it ultra-fast across Mare's tiny hard clit. "That's what I like to do to myself, whether or not I've got a boyfriend, hee-hee." 

In no time, Mare's eyes were rolling back and she was cumming yet again, uttering a staccato, "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...." 

Mare's pussy juice was so abundant that it had not only covered her little butt hole, but was also running down the back cushion of my ugly naugahyde couch. (Lots of little naugas gave their lives for that couch.) Jane's technique was making Mare's orgasm last an eternity, so I decided the time was right to make a bold move myself. Leaning as far forward as possible (which made my dick bottom out in Jane's pussy), I plunged my right index finger and thumb, respectively, right into Mare's pussy and asshole. Her eyes got big, but she simultaneously smiled, so I wiggled them in a little further and began to vibrate my hand, just like Jane was doing with her finger on Mare's clit. 

I could feel Jane's pussy twitch, just like it did before she came the last time, around my buried dick, so I really got daring: I wet my left thumb real good with Mare's pussy juice flowing down the couch, AND WIGGLED IT RIGHT IN TO JANE'S BUTT HOLE, just as she started to climax. 

Her vagina contracting hard around my dick and asshole clenching even harder around my big thumb, Jane literally screamed out with pleasure, "Stay still, don't move, stay still, don't move, stay still, don't move!!!" 

Then Marilyn, really cumming hard now, added to the cacophony with her own unintelligible orgasmic utterances. I'm sure they could have been heard a block away in these early morning hours. 

I basically was trapped, my penis and fingers and thumbs of both hands locked in various female orifi, until they finally released me and collapsed into a heap of gorgeous, panting young women juxtaposed on the burnt orange couch so hideously ugly that the previous tenants simply left it behind. 

Yet with a large store of semen, I had not yet begun to fuck, to paraphrase a Revolutionary War hero Nathan Hale. No more subtle sexual suggestions now. Time to take complete control. As they slouched side by side on the couch semi-exhausted with that now-what-are-you-going-to-do look, I fired up a big doobie of sensimilla, took a deep hit, passed it over to Jane, and exhaled it lip-locked into Mare's lungs as I bent her legs back to her ears and impaled her red pussy with my throbbing sword, fucking her fast and furious. 

Jane lazily drew on the funny cigarette, passed it to Mare, and I took a big hit straight from the fifth of schnapps, never missing a stroke before handing it off to Jane. So we're fuckin' and drinkin' and smokin'. Hell yeah! 

"Come here and suck my balls, Jane." She moved slowly. 

"Do it now!" 

She moved quickly to the task, vigorously sucking and licking my scrotum for the next ten minutes as I thrust in and out of Mare. "Jane, lick her ass hole," and Jane reluctantly began. "I want to see your tongue deep in Mare's butt hole, Jane, and I want to see you do it now." And she did as ordered, and Mare liked it—a lot—as I continued to ram her gash without mercy, precipitating her umpteenth orgasm. 

Since we had continued to pass around the doob and bottle, now in Jane's hands, I told her to put it on the floor and lower her pussy onto its neck. 

"Fuck that bottle but good, Jane, while you stick two fingers in Mare's butt and eat out my ass hole, and don't spill a drop of that schnapps." 

Without hesitation, she obeyed. This went on for quite some time, they moaning loudly all the while. These normally independent girls, extremely inebriated, stoned, and sex-crazy, were liking my domination. 

Without ever withdrawing from her, I aggressively pulled Mare off the couch onto the floor into a classic spread eagle position, took the bottle from Jane, and poured a good cup down Mare's throat. 

"Jane, face me, squat over Mare's face and grind your pussy and ass hole into her mouth. Marilyn, you lick and suck Jane's pussy and ass, and when I tell you to, insert both your thumbs in her butt hole." 

Mare started, "But I don't think Jane likes stuff in her..." 

"Shut up," I cut her off. "I know what she and you, for that matter, like, so do as I say and you'll both be glad you did." 

After a few minutes of Mare lick-sucking Jane, I told Jane to bend forward and suck Mare's clit. She hesitated, so I took her firmly by her big brown nipples and put her properly in place, mouth on her clit. Rotating Mare's legs into the air, I withdrew my dick from her pussy, took the last hit from the bottle, and jammed the neck into her pussy. Then I inserted first one, then two, then three fingers into Mare's sopping wet butt hole. She did not voice any objections. 
