 I'm nervous as I wait for you to come into the treatment room. I've been here before, but the last time we discussed my lack of response to the program and what you expected of me.

This room is different from the one I was in before... and I know why. Though I am tempted to run out the door, I don't. A tingle of fear and anticipation mingle together in a way that I can't quite understand.

Then, there you are, looking handsome, yet stern, as you remove your coat and hang it by the door.

Crossing over to me you reach up and pull the combs out of my thick blonde hair, letting it fall to my shoulders. You run your finger down my cheek in a rather absentminded way as you look at my file.

"You've asked for this treatment yet you have been very stubborn in complying with my directions. Is that not true?"

"Yes, I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize... some patients require different treatment methods. You are a very beautiful young lady and I don't mind giving you the extra attention you require. You are obviously special, but it's come to the time that more drastic steps in the treatment program be taken. Now you must be punished. Do you promise to accept my methods without any complaints?"

"Yes."

And will you do exactly as I instruct?

"Yes"

"Then we'll begin. Bend over the bed. Do not touch your clothes, that is for me to do."

I feel your hands as you pull my blouse up out of my skirt.

"Good girl... now stretch your arms above you so that I may bind your wrists. As we discussed before, there is no turning back now."

After you have bound me with long ties to the head of the bed, you reach around me, rip open my blouse, pull down the cups of my bra and grab my breasts, squeezing them and pinching my nipples hard.

I whimper a bit as you position me, I'm still standing and I feel your hand lift the bottom of my skirt higher onto my back and slide down my panties, pulling them to my ankles. SMACK! Your hand comes down once, hard across my bare bottom. 

"Tell me little girl... how bad have you been?" SMACK! 

I flinch and whimper but you go on as if you do not hear. 

"How much have you been smoking?"

"I have been going through a pack on the weekends, and more during the week."

"That's quite a bit, considering you have promised to stop. For that, you deserve to be punished." 

"But..."

You cut me off

"From now on you will speak only when I ask you a direct question, and you must give me the respect I deserve... you must refer to me by my title." 

"OK," I whimper.

You slap me twice... hard on my ass."

"How are you supposed to address me?"

"I'm sorry... Yes, Doctor."

"Now you will count to 20... one for each cigarette in a pack."

"Yes Doctor!" I yelp as your hand comes down hard again. My ass is stung yet another time as you tell me to start from one. The next blows rain down in quick succession, as I struggle to keep up with the counting so that I may reach 20 as quickly as possible. As you spank me, you let your hand remain behind after each slap to roughly rub my newly pink bottom. I cringe with each blow.

"You are not taking your punishment like you promised... you must stop squirming."

I barely even think my protest, much less speak it, when your hand comes down again, low on my bottom so I feel the impact even in my pussy and hard enough to make my hips buck in a vain attempt to escape the punishment you have unleashed upon my pale soft ass.

"You said you would take it without a struggle, did you not?"

"Yes, Doctor" I say softly.

"Then what is all this moving about for? Are you trying to get away? Isn't this the treatment I prescribed, and that you accepted?"

"No, Doctor, I mean Yes Doctor" I almost whisper this. WHACK! 

"Don't count right now slut. I asked you if you were trying to get away."

"No, Doctor." WHACK, WHACK, WHACK! Now though, each time you smack me... you pause to rub your fingers between my legs, into my now wet slit.

"I will ask you one more time, were you trying to get away?"

"No Doctor." I cry out.

"And is this not the treatment we agreed upon?"

With this you suddenly shove your fingers inside me so hard that I rise to my toes."

I gasp and you pull your fingers out and smack my ass again.

"Well...?"

"Yes, Doctor,:

Now you rub and pinch my bottom with your right hand while you reinsert the fingers of your left hand into my pussy. You shove your fingers deep inside me, holding me in place as you smack me several more times with your other hand.

Then you say...

"I think we are going to have to subject you to a more extreme treatment. You need to remember who the Doctor is here, who is the patient, and who takes the orders." 

You now shove me down on the bed... position me on my stomach, then leave me there. I hear you opening and closing a drawer. 

"I want you to spread your legs apart now. ...Wider... (SMACK).... wider."

In another moment I hear a buzzing noise and then feel something vibrating between my legs. You use it to spread my juices all around my pussy. My hips move involuntarily.

You slap my ass hard.

"You little slut... I told you to hold still."

Suddenly you push it hard between my legs and shove it into me as you bring your hand down upon me once more. I try to count again, but you remind me that you did not instruct me to continue counting.

You are penetrating me now with the toy while you work my ass over with three vigorous slaps. Then you instruct me to resume counting, you aim your blows low, almost at the top of my thighs, which pushes the vibrator in deeper with each slap. I almost get to 20 but then, the contractions you are causing with your slaps cause the vibrator to come out of my pussy.

"Naughty little bitch... your pussy need something bigger?"

Then you slip your hand between my legs, groaning as you feel how wet I am. I feel the bed settle as you climb onto it, positioning yourself between my legs.

You press your hips against me and through the flames of my abused behind I can feel your hard cock through your pants. You grind yourself into me for a moment and I feel how large you are. 

I feel the movement as you undo your belt buckle and I moan in fear. 

"Are you ready?"

"No, please, no..."

I expect to feel your hand on my backside again, but instead hear you slide your belt loose from your pants and I scream out as you bring it down, viciously upon me. 

"I'll ask you again... are you ready?"

"Yes."

You whip me again.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, Doctor." 

Patting my bottom, almost kindly, you pick up the vibrator again. As you penetrate my wet cunt with it you alternate between shoving it deep inside me and then bringing the belt down on my ass.

The sensations are so raw. I feel as you shift your position on the bed. You take both your hands and spread my ass cheeks apart.

"Raise up your pussy" you instruct.

I do as you say and your slide a firm round cushion under my hips. Then you take your hands and spread my legs so that I am completely exposed to you.

"Hold your legs wide apart... I want to see that sweet little cunt."

I shiver as I feel your tongue run through my legs. 

I cannot help but respond.

"Please Doctor..."

I feel your hands squeeze my ass hard, I know this is a signal to be quiet so I try. I feel your tongue probing me, and your teeth as they sink into the soft flesh of my ass.

"You're being a good patient. Are you ready for me now?"

"Yes Doctor."

"Tell me... what do you want."

I hesitate, humiliated... not wanting to put it into words, but knowing what you want me to say.

SMACK....

"Tell me"

"I want you to fuck me."

"You're a little slut aren't you? A little slut that can't control your smoking... much less your pussy."

I start crying.

"SMACK"

"Well...?"

"Yes, I'm a slut." 

Physically and emotionally drained beyond expectation, I can do nothing but quiver in anticipation as I feel you position yourself behind me. My hips are raised in the air... my legs spread, open, waiting.

I hear the sound of your zipper. The bed squeaks as you inch up, I feel the tip of you as you probe me, looking for the angle you need.

The spanking has made me tenser than either of us could have expected though and I am so tight that you have no success the first time you try to push it into me. 

You shove into me a couple of times, grunting, then use your hands to spread me apart even further... shoving your fingers into my pussy and spreading it wide.

"Take it, whore," you growl as you aim yourself into me one more time. Then, suddenly, you shove yourself deep inside me in one violent thrust. Squeezing my ass, you push further with every stab until you are spanking against my sensitive ass with your hips. 

I plead with you to stop as you thrust into me over and over. Then, when I think I can't take any more of your treatment, you shove your finger up my ass and I'm finished. I cum all over your cock, all the while crying at my lack of control. You continue to fuck me hard, squeezing my ass and calling me your sweet little whore until the last wave has washed over me. Even as I feel you slow our frenzied pace and pull out of me I realize that you have not yet cum.

What you say next sends new waves of foreboding over me. Picking up the vibrator again, you start pumping me with it very slowly and deliberately, teasing my asshole with your finger at the same time.

Then you say to me...

"Every time you get to enjoy me fucking you in your wet little pussy... you have to also take it in the ass." With this you grab my ankles... tying each to the bottom of the bed... forcing my legs to stay wide apart. You slap me hard... then use my own juices to lubricate my other hole.

Your cock is already slick from fucking me. Leaving the vibrator inside my pussy, you grasp my hips and bring your rock hard cock against my virgin ass. 

"No, please," I cry. "I've never..."

I don't get to finish before I feel your cock tear into my ass. It feels like fire and I scream so loudly that you cover my mouth with your hand to quiet me.

You hold yourself still for a minute, till I settle down. 

"You're doing quite well," you say. "Don't be embarrassed about not being perfect, it's a little uncomfortable for everyone the first time, but you'll get better at this."

The pain subsides a bit but then you slowly start pumping in and out of me. I cry and whimper as you take me this way. You can feel the vibrations in and through me from the vibrator in my pussy. I try to scream out for mercy, but you pull my head back with my hair and cover my mouth again with your hand. I hear you moan as you finally take me completely, the full length of your cock buried in me and each thrust pressing me down on that vibrator. Your frenzy builds and you carry me along on your wave as the pleasure overtakes you. You collapse as you cum, and I realize that I am coming also as I feel you filling me up with your juices.

"Damn that was great" you say after a minute. "You've got to be one of the best fucks I've ever had."

"Thank you, Doctor." Already, you've taught me well.

You rise from the bed... walk to the desk and pick up the phone. 

"Please untie me." 

Looking at me you smile. 

"Sorry... we're not quite finished with your treatment... I have some collegues I want to introduce you to."

My stomach tightens as I understand what you're saying.

"NO!" 

You speak into the phone.

"Hey Tony... that girl I told you about... I just got through with another session with her. But I'm not completely sure I've convinced her to stop smoking. You and Dick want to come give her a treatment yourself?"

You hang up the phone and smile at me.

"No... you can't give me to your friends," I beg you.

"Sure I can... but I think they'll want you a little different way..."

You untie my ankles and, though I try to kick you away, you pull the cushion out from under me and flip me onto my back... retying my ankles to the footposts.

I'm still wearing my skirt... so you pull a pair of sissors from a desk and cut it off me.... pulling it aside. You cut my bra in the middle and pull it and my blouse to the side so that my breasts are completely exposed and I'm spread out on the bed, helpless.

"You are so beautiful... a nice little slut." You reach down and pinch one of my nipples. 

I hear the front door open and loud voices as two guys come down the hall.

My body is already bruised and raw, I know I won't be able to take this further punishment.

You plop yourself down in the chair by the bed, ready to watch while your two friends take turns with me.

But they have no intention of taking turns.

I can only lay there... legs spread apart, hands tied over my head while I watch these two guys as they walk into the room.

"Damn Scott... I have to say your treatment methods are rather odd... but what the hell," one of them laughs.

My eyes widen as I watch the two men pull down their pants. Their cocks are already hard but they pump them even more with their hands while they look at me... making them even bigger.

One guy gets between my legs... reaching out to shove his fingers into my pussy to see how wet I am.

"Damn buddy... I could swim in this cunt" he says.

The other guy approaches the head of the bed, kneeling on one leg he lowers his cock to my face.

"Come on ...suck this for me."

I turn my head away but he grabs me by the hair, turning my face back to him. 

"Look at him," you tell me from the chair.

I look up at this man... his leering grin making me feel sick.

Suddenly he slaps me hard across the face.

"My friend obviously hasn't taught you well enough." he says. "Now show me how much you like my cock... lick it bitch."

I close my eyes as I lick his cock... but I only get a few strokes in before the other guy slams himself into my pussy... pumping me so hard my head starts slamming against the headboard of the bed.

"Wait... pull her back down the bed." 

The guy between my legs grabs me and slides me down the bed... shoving his cock deeper into me at the same time.

The other guy is straddling my face now, telling me to open wide.

I take his huge cock into my mouth... the other guy is pumping his cock into my pussy and rocking me back and forth. I feel him groping for my breasts and suddenly he is pinching my nipples as he tears into me harder and harder.

My head is moving up and down and the second guy times his motions to the first... grabbing me by the hair and holding my head as he shoves his cock down my throat.

Each time the cock slams into my pussy, the one in my mouth is just shoved in deeper, almost choking me. Then as the one withdraws from my pussy the guy in my face grabs my head to prevent me from getting away from him. He laughs as he sees me gagging.

"Don't worry, bitch... you'll get the hang of this. A few more of Scott's special treatments and we'll have you deep throating us like the little whore you are."

I hear you laughing from the chair across the room.

"Damn guys... I'm getting stiff again just watching you give it to the little slut. Let me back into the game."

They both pull out of me now. You untie my ankles and wrists from the bed, freeing me.

I try to crawl away, but you laugh again and I'm so exhausted it takes little effort to force me into the position you want.

The guy whose cock I was sucking lays down on the bed and you tell me to straddle him.

"Sit on his cock."

I do what you instruct... trying to ease down gently as his cock is so large and I'm so sore now. He just grins at me though, grabs my hips and thrusts himself hard into me in one quick motion.

His cock feels like it's ripping though my belly and I gasp in pain.

"You know you love it," he laughs and winks at me.

I feel you as you get positioned behind me. You shove me between my shoulders, pushing me forward. You slap my ass hard several times.

"You've got to learn to obey faster when I give you an instruction. Now lean forward."

I feel the sting as you slap me across the ass with the belt again.

It makes my pussy contract and I see the face of the guy whose cock I'm sitting on... he looks at me and winks again... sending chills up my back.

"Slap the bitch again... her cunts getting tighter."

I try to get away but he holds me down while you whip me. Each time the belt comes down he grunts with pleasure as my pussy tightens even more around his cock.

Then I feel your finger exploring my asshole. You dribble some oil down my crack and I figure out what you intend. I struggle. 

Suddenly your finger is replaced by the hardness of your cock.

I try to scream, but the third guy holds his hand over my mouth as you push yourself into my ass... slowly at first, but then taking the last few inches in one violent thrust.

As you pump into me the third guy releases my head and the guy below grabs me and pulls my face down to his.

"Kiss me sweetheart... show me how much you love my huge cock in your nice tight little pussy."

He shoves his tounge deep into my mouth. I'm pinned now... his cock and tongue into me from the front... your cock shoved deep into my ass from behind. 

"Feels great doesn't it?" he asks as you pull me up off of his face from behind with my hair. He reaches up and pinches my nipples as you yank me up into a sitting position... your thighs holding me up just enough for the guy below to continue pounding into my pussy.

"One hole left to fill" the other guy says as he stands on the bed in front of me. "Smoke this."

I try to turn my head away... not wanting this other guys cock in my mouth, but you use my hair to hold my head still from behind... and pinch me hard on the ass several times as a signal to obey.

"The quicker you make us all cum in you.. the quicker this will be over. And if you're a good little whore, we'll let you have a cigarette when we are done with you." You laugh cruelly.

I have to do what you say, so I take this new cock into my mouth.

It takes a few minutes but I can tell that the three of you have done this before... your cock in my ass and the one in my pussy fall into a rythmn and my head is being held firmly while the guy standing thrusts himself into my mouth over and over again, fucking my face as hard as the two of you are fucking my pussy and ass.

You are talking to each other while you are working on me... 

"I can feel her pussy getting tighter and tighter" the guy on the bottom says as he grunts with pleasure. "You were right when you told us about her the other day... she is really loving this."

"Yeah, that is sometimes the problem with this method of treatment," you reply while you thrust into me over and over. "I designed it as a form of aversion therapy, but with little sluts like this they end up liking it so much it negates the effect."

I realize you are all right... I've got three cocks shoved into my body... hands all over me... you've got my arms pulled back hard shoving my tits out and the guy on the bottom has his hands on them again... squeezing them and pinching my nipples.

"I'm going to cum" you groan... 

The other two guys just grunt, but I can tell that they are too... and it turns me on thinking of having three cocks pumping cum into me all at the same time.

I start to moan and squirm even harder... this just excites you all even more... I feel the sweat starting to drip from all our bodies... I feel all three cocks starting to tremble... and I begin to cum myself as I feel them pumping me full... cum running out of my pussy... your cock filling up my ass and the guy in my mouth... just seconds behind... shoving himself deeper as he unloads himself down my throat.

When you are done with me you all pull out quickly. You shove me out of your way as you stand up and pull up your pants. The other guys don't even look at me as they zip themselves up, though one of them wipes some cum off his cock with his finger, then reaches over to smear it on my face before he heads out the door. 
