 This is a story of some young construction workers who taught me some important rules of playing pool.

Well, a year or so ago, I was visiting a friend who lived in a small country town, just outside of Sydney. Now those small towns can get pretty rough on a Friday night and it so happens that this is the setting of my story. The Pub was called THE HOLE and the grog was flowing mighty fast. Everyone was trying to out-drink someone else and I wasn't a shy type of girl. I was knocking them back fast and I'm not just talking about the men!

I sat at the bar, as you do, and leered at the cute construction workers playing pool in front of me...as you do. Well, they were HOT. All tanned and toned with well-defined muscles....everywhere...I was glad the beer was cold. There were about six of them and they were young. Now I don't usually like my men young, preferring instead, the older, more experienced kind. But these guys had my tongue hanging out and my nipples erect. 

The Wet T-Shirt Competition was just beginning and seeing as I had never participated in one, I decided to live dangerously....or was I just pissed? Anyway, I was wearing a thin, white blouse with a short, torn-off denim skirt and black, high-heeled pumps with those thin, long laces that you have to cross over several times and tie half way up the lower leg. This becomes important later in the story. But getting back to the competition.....How do they get their t-shirts wet?

That is easy. Men get to pour cold jugs of water down the front of woman's shirts. And pour they did! Fuck, it was cold....this bearded old sleaze-bag at the bar, poured a whole jug down my front and then drooled at the sight of my c-cup tits and large, hard nipples, outlined under the thin material of my shirt. I turned my back on him and opened the last few buttons of my shirt to tie the two ends together in a knot above my belly-button. I made a mental note to remember that I should wear thicker material next time I went bra-less.

Suddenly, about six pairs of eyes were temporarily diverted from their focus on the pool table, and fixated firmly on my wet tits. I was not used to so much male attention all at once and I knew I was blushing. To cover my discomfort I said boldly,

"So boys, are you gonna vote for me?"

The one, who was about to take a shot at sinking the 8 ball, answered for the group.

"Only, if you promise to have a game of pool with us after the competition."

"Sure," I said, in a cocky voice, "I can beat the pants off you ladies anytime!"

This brought peels of merry laughter from all the men, plus some others within earshot. I didn't see the look of rage cross over the face of the man I had spoken to as I grew indignant at that and vowed to show them a thing or two, even though I didn't have a clue how to play pool. "Fine," I retorted. "You're on! See you after."

Now, I was playing with fire and for some reason, didn't know how hot that could get. Winning the Wet T-Shirt Competition didn't help matters any, for it gave me an even bigger head and bravado by the bucketful. 

I sauntered triumphantly up to the pool table amid cheers from all the men in the pub. As a prize, I had won a huge bottle of Rum and this was clutched to my chest. Suddenly, I was right up as close as I could get to the hulky men and I realized for the first time how bloody big and slightly intimidating they were. Their shoulders were so wide, they would have stopped a Mack Truck in it's tracks. There were only three of them now, as the other three had gone off with some of the other wet t-shirt contestants. They were so, so Manly. The leader of the pack spoke again.

"Well, well, what have we here? Are you ready to play pool Girlie?"

"She's probably too wet Chief," Said another one with a wink.

"Yeah, she probably wants to do something else now boys..." added the third one.

"Cut it out you guys," said Chief as he gave them a look of annoyance. Then he fixed me with a cool, serious stare and asked me if I was ready to follow through with my promise now. I really couldn't remember exactly what I had promised them by this stage as I had consumed a few more pints of alcohol since making that promise. But I nodded my head, causing my wet tits to jiggle with the motion, while I said something clever like:

"Sure, whatever you want. I'll do it. How hard can it be to sink a couple of balls?"

This caused several snickers from the men and more comments like:

"Yeah, I'll bet she could sink a few balls..." and "She can sink my balls anytime...." 

Then Chief spoke again.

"You realize that you will have to play by our rules, don't you?"

"Sure, look, I even brought the prize for the winner," I said enthusiastically, holding up the bottle of rum for them to see.

"We will decide what the prize for the winner will be and what the punishment for the loser will be. Do you understand what I mean?" Said Chief.

I just rolled my eyes heavenward and told them to get prepared to be pussy-whipped!

Well, a sober person wouldn't have been so oblivious and would have told them to get stuffed, but I was enjoying myself and feeling very powerful and sexy. I had absolutely no inhibitions at this point in time. I also did not realize how late it had gotten and that many people were leaving the pub or had gone home already.

So here I was, in a small country pub, practically alone with three horny strong men. I was wearing a very short skirt, about to bend over a lot and expose my wet, bra-less tits on constant high beam and it was about Midnight. Ah, I had no shame.

Chief handed me a long, shiny, smooth pool cue and told me to break. I guessed that it meant I had to hit the white ball into the triangle of balls up the other end of the table. I must have seen it happen a dozen times before but didn't realize that it was harder to do when you had never done it before....and under the influence. I took aim and sent the white ball rolling up the end of the table and coming to rest pathetically far away from all of the other balls.

"I get two goes," stated my opponent, Smokey, as the third man, Jack, asked me if I had ever played pool before in my life. I didn't answer, just stepped back and swayed a little on my high-heels. Strong, muscular arms shot out to steady me from behind and I realized Chief had come over to stand right behind me. He continued talking to me:

"Here, let me show you how to hold a pool cue." He reached around my waist to show me where to grip the cue. All the breath left my intoxicated body and I felt instantly sobered. This was way too much male, way too close. I could feel his manhood against my ass, through the thick, denim skirt. Something about him frightened me for the first time since I got there. Now it was my turn again, as Smokey had sunk almost all of his balls and was down to the last one before the 8.

"Does she know the rule for not sinking a single ball in a game boys?" Asked Jack with a smirk on his face.

"I guess not Jack. She's a pool virgin if ever I saw one." Replied Chief with a chuckle. "Guess we should tell her Huh?"

"What are you all talking about?" I enquired impatiently.

Then they proceeded to tell me that if you do not sink a single ball in a game, you have to take all your clothes off and run once around the pool table. This made me somewhat nervous, especially when I looked at their happy faces.

"This is one of your made up rules, isn't it?" I said, skeptically and then looked to the barman for confirmation of this. He was deadly serious as he looked at me and nodded, saying,

"I'm afraid that is the standard rule of the game around these parts sugar."

Suddenly I felt a bit scared as I looked at the three men standing around me and then at the nearly empty pub. Just the old weasel, who had poured the jug of water over me, remained seated at the bar, listening and watching everything that was taking place. I shuddered. The thought of me running naked past that dirty old man caused me to feel slightly nauseous....and what about the guys who were all getting hard as they watched my body visibly shake and my cheeks go red. Why hadn't I thought about this situation a little sooner? I was now trapped and had to follow through.

Bravely, I looked all three right in the eyes and proceeded to take my shot. It was lined up fairly well, so I leaned low over the table, aimed and sank the ball straight into the corner pocket. I felt something long, cool and smooth move up the inside of my thigh and turned to see Chief gazing at my ass as he held his cue between my legs. I would have worn a longer skirt if I had known this was going to happen. But I was so relieved that I had sunk a ball, it took me a few seconds to notice that they were all grinning at me. Turned out, I had sunk my opponents' last ball for him. Great! Where did that leave me now? Well, to cut a long story short, I'll ease up on the details of the game a bit, and concentrate on how I came to have that pool cue up my ass.

I lost the game and didn't sink a ball, so I was allowed to decide between doing the naked run, or sucking the cock of my choice. I chose the cock, of course, as you do... The winner of the game, Smokey, seemed like the obvious choice so I walked up to him and got down on my knees. He didn't hesitate to pull out his already hard cock and point it straight at my mouth. 

"No biting, or you will be spanked severely...by all of us," Warned Chief.

I opened my mouth for the beautiful, long penis before me and began to suck on the head. Smokey groaned as I took all of him in my hungry mouth and flicked my tongue consistently over the rim at the top. This was too much for the other two men as they began to breathe heavily and stroke their hard cocks through their jeans. I heard the sound of zippers being moved as they both freed their family jewels.

I was wet and excited beyond belief as I sucked away at the cock in my mouth. 

"I think you could take that cock a bit deeper Missy," announced Chief as he came up to me and cock-slapped my face. He was longer than Smokey and I grew even wetter as I thought about sucking his cock next.

"Cummon," He said. "Take it in further. You know you can do it, you aren't a cock virgin. If only you handled your cue as well as you handle cock."

"Yeah, she'd win every game," Jack said.

I took Smokey's cock all the way deep into my throat till I almost gagged. I had lost at pool but I was not about to seem incompetent at sucking cock as well.

"Hey boys, what about our Rum? When do we get to drink our prize huh?" Asked Jack, temporarily taking a break from fisting himself.

"Well, you can hit the rum if you want to. Me, I'd rather drink in this pretty thing here. She's wet enough to satisfy my thirst." Declared Chief. I had my mouth full, so I couldn't say a thing to protest. I barely noticed the barman cleaning up around me and I certainly didn't think about why he put the big plastic cover over the pool table. Suddenly, I was lifted up onto the pool table on my back and my shirt was being pulled off to use for tying my hands above my head.

The barman then walked away and left me alone with the men saying:

"Help yourselves to the beer boys and leave the money on the bar. I'll be over playing darts with the old man."

He obviously trusted all of them. He shut and locked the door to the pub, walking with an attitude like he'd seen it all before, then began playing darts with the old guy from the bar.

Now, it becomes relevant, why I described my footwear earlier. Smokey and Jack untied the laces of my shoes and then used them to tie my legs, spread apart, to each table leg. Once again, I could not protest because Chief was sliding his delectable cock into my mouth. I could taste pre-cum on the tip and I licked eagerly, swallowing it all. Yum, yum!

Now each of them had drunk some rum straight from the bottle and they were getting bolder and pushing closer to me. I was tied down with a cock in my mouth and being squeezed and rubbed everywhere. I honestly would not have complained if I could have. My nipples were being pinched, pulled and twisted and my fingers were being sucked. Fingers pulled my g-string to the side. Fingers were being inserted into my dripping pussy and a lot of spit was being used as lubricant for fingers up my ass. Someone was masterfully playing with my swollen clit but I couldn't see if it was Smokey or Jack because I had my eyes closed. It was probably Smokey...

I felt like I had become their prize and I didn't mind a bit. It is a fantasy for most women to have more than one male giving her attention, but to have three gorgeous hard cocks all at once, was fucking unreal! The men were taking turns to have me suck their cocks but I knew the second that Chief was between my legs. He reached out and with two strong hands, pulled me towards the edge of the pool table and closer to him. 

Then he buried his mouth in my wet, hot pussy and began to eat me like a starving man. My hips bucked up to meet him with urgent need as his tongue slid all the way around from my ass, up to my pulsing clit. There he paused and suckled on my clit for a bit, then he slid his tongue back down to my asshole again. Once there, his tongue pushed against my opening and slipped easily inside. He groaned as my muscles contracted around his tongue.

Smokey and Jack stopped what they were doing to come and watch Chief tonguing my asshole, while they stroked their glistening, wet cocks. One of them untied my legs and pulled them up and in towards my chest. This gave Chief even greater access to fuck my ass with his tongue. Smokey started circling my clit with one finger again and I knew I was nearing climax point. Jack inserted his finger into my cunt and rubbed my g-spot. My orgasm began with a small tingle in my stomach and progressed rapidly to my clit and asshole. I bucked and moaned in low, husky tones as my muscles clenched around Chief's tongue in my ass and Jack's finger in my pussy. Smokey gazed at my clit as it pulsed. Jack pulled his finger out of my still clenching pussy and looked at my drops of white cum on his finger. He held it up to my face and said:

"You dirty slut. Look at what you did to my finger. That was very nasty of you and now you will have to lick it off."

I took his finger in my mouth and sucked my cum off till it was clean. I loved the taste of my juices as they mixed with the smells of hot, hard men. I kept his finger in my mouth and suckled on it while Smokey sucked on my nipples. Then I was lifted back off the pool table. Chief stood before me and asked if I was willing to pay the ultimate price for losing the game of pool. My eyes glanced nervously from one to the other as I read the lust in their eyes.

"As long as it doesn't involve them," I replied, pointing to the man from the bar and the barman, playing darts and occasionally looking our way to enjoy the show. Funny, how I was getting worked over by three strange men, but was only concerned about the ugly old sleaze from the bar.

"Very well then," came the reply. "Bend over the bar stool now."

Next to me was a bar stool and around me stood three men, cocks exposed and erect and I was being told to bend over the stool. Did they think I had gone mad?

"Why?" I asked, feeling suddenly worried. I think I was beginning to really sober up.

"Because You are going to get a cock in your pussy and a cock in your mouth and you are going to love it." Replied Chief.

"No" I said, defiantly.

"No! Now you say No?" He just about shouted at me. "You made fun of us, then made a deal with us and you agreed to play by OUR rules and you lost the pool game. Now you are our Bitch, to do with as we please. So you either let us fuck you peacefully or be taken by force. Your choice!"

"Fuck You," I ground out in a low voice.

"Did you hear that boys? She said "Far Cue" so get me that one over there, leaning against the wall."

Suddenly I was grabbed by the hair and pulled over the bar stool. My g-string was ripped off me and my skirt was pushed up. My ass was exposed and my tits were being fondled as yet another cock was thrust into my mouth. Jack's cock was thick, rather than long and I could take it easily all the way into my mouth. Hands were pulling my ass cheeks apart and spit was landing on my exposed asshole. I was terrified and excited as Chief whispered dirty, nasty words into my ear about how I was going to get fucked up the ass whether I liked it or not. Little did he know, that I wanted nothing more in the whole, wide world!

Now something cool was pushing at the entrance to my secret, dark tunnel and I knew from the feel of it that it had to be the handle end of a pool cue. It was driving me mad and I wanted to groan as it pushed through my rim and slid up my ass. But I could not make any sound past the thrusting cock in my mouth. I needed to cum so badly now that when Smokey's hands on my tits, squeezed my nipples and pulled them hard, I had an almighty orgasm and just about bit Jack's cock in my mouth. He pulled out and stood back as I was forced down on my knees.

I knelt before three cocks being pumped by hands that had given me pleasure only moments before. Then, suddenly cum squirted out of each cock and landed on my face, tits, stomach and hair. I loved the feeling as load, after load of hot jizz dripped all over my body and into my mouth. It tasted sweet and I drank my fill. I might not have gotten to that bottle of rum, but this was by far, the better prize.

I rubbed my cum- covered tits and then sucked my fingers to savor the taste. The men were just staring down at me, taking in the sight of all their cum in my hair and covering my body. It must have been an awesome sight to see. I was helped up politely by them and went to the bathroom to clean myself up. Thankfully, the old guy had left the pub. He had probably worn all the skin off his cock by now and needed some rest.

When I came back out to the bar, all three men were waiting for me. They offered me a lift home, as it was now two or three in the morning. But Smokey said he had a pool table at his house and I couldn't resist the thought of learning more about the rules of Pool.

I never did learn any more about how to play pool, but I do know how to sink a couple of balls....and a pool cue or two...