 Time 4

Ron and Jessica had become more and more sexually adventuresome in the past couple of months, each trying to please the other with new and exciting ideas.  They had finally bought and tried a strap on for Jessie, and they had tried myriad positions and situations.  

On this particular evening Jessica had a big surprise for her husband.  She talked him into allowing her to tie him to the bed face down, his ass exposed to her for the taking.  She had taken advantage of his helplessness, slapping his ass cheeks until they glowed red, nipping and biting at his mounds of flesh and teasing his brown hole with her exploring tongue.  He trusted his wife fully, but even so her ass slapping surprised him, his cock rock hard from the excitement and uncertainty of what was to come next.

Jessica's surprise was about to unfold, and what a surprise it was.

She made sure that his hands and legs were secure before inviting her guests into their bedroom.  When Jack and Cindy entered at her invitation, she introduced the couple to her bound husband.

"Ron, I'd like you to meet Jack and Cindy" she began, "they're going to help take us to the next level."

Ron turned his head to his left to see who she was talking about and spied a sultry black haired vixen, around five foot three and a little over a hundred pounds.  She was kneeling beside the bed with her face near to his, her deep brown eyes boring into his blue ones, her tongue circling her lips as they took in each others visage.  Rising up she revealed pert stand up breasts with large nipples, the aureoles nearly half the size of her tits, the nipples standing out like blackberries resting high on the tops.  As she rose he noticed a very thick bush of black fur that covered her pussy, and pink lips covered with a layer of dew as she spread the hair to expose them to his view.  

"My pussy lips and I are pleased to make your acquaintance, Ron" she quipped, bringing her sex as close as she was able to his face.  Inhaling deeply he caught the first sample of her scent, dark and musky, just like she seemed to be.

"Uh, hi Cindy" Ron replied rather awkwardly, feeling extremely vulnerable in his unusual position.

Cindy slipped her hand behind his head and pressed him to her sex, coaxing him to smell and taste for a better introduction.  Although Ron was rather taken aback with the situation he was willing to play along, sliding his tongue across the offered folds, taking in not only her flavor but the exotic scent that she emanated, a combination of perfume and pussy juice that helped keep his cock rock hard.  Reaching under him she wrapped her small hand around it, her fingers tracing the ridge beneath his dickhead, then squeezing the shaft she lowered her face to his, offering her lips in a sensual tongue kiss.  

Splayed out as he was, Ron accepted the kiss with as much enthusiasm as he was able to, slipping his tongue into her offered mouth, then tracing a pattern around her full lips.  At the same time that the two shared their first kiss he felt teeth on his red ass cheeks, but was surprised to find that they weren't his wife's.  Those teeth belonged to a man.  "Jack", he remembered thinking as the slightly abrasive chin touched his sensitive cheeks.  

"Oh shit, Jessica's gone and found a bi couple to play with" he thought.  "I don't think I'm ready for this."

"What the hell's going on man?" Ron asked, turning his head to look at him.  

"Just working on fulfilling my end of a bargain, bud.  Don't tell me you don't know about the deal."

"That's exactly what I'm telling ya Jack.  What's happening here ladies?" Ron inquired of the two naked women sitting on the bed beside them.

"Sorry honey, I should have told you about my surprise, but I wasn't sure if you'd go along."

"Go along with what babe?"

"Let me explain, Jessica." Cindy interjected.  She proceeded to tell him how her husband Jack had begged her many times to allow a threesome between her, him and another woman.  He didn't just want to fuck two women; he wanted them to make love to each other as well.  Although it took him a long time to convince her, she had finally decided to give it a try.

"But under one condition" I told him, "You're going to have to do the same with me and another man some time soon too," continued Cindy.

Jack had readily agreed until she made it clear that she too wanted to not only be fucked by two men, but that she wanted them to fuck and suck each other too.

"His tune changed then, Ron, he was into what most of you men are; the infamous double standard.  What is it with you men, why is it okay for two women to make love, but not okay for two men?" she asked rhetorically.

"Well anyway," Cindy carried on, "I thought that the subject was closed, but Jack surprised me.  He agreed that he would do it, but it had to be with a complete stranger.  So the stage was set.  Jack and I found a woman that was willing to play as a threesome, and now it's my turn."

"Only thing is," Jack interjected, "I didn't know about the surprise, Ron.  In fact I figured you were bi.  Surprise surprise, eh?" he said, reaching over and releasing Ron's feet and legs from the bonds.  "This can end right here and now bud, I can understand it if you don't want to continue."

"Well shit," Ron offered, "this is a situation for sure.  Jessie and I have tried some pretty kinky stuff, but doing it with you, I don't know."

He got his first good look at his potential sex partner.  Jack was 5'10" and 180 pounds.  He was near the same age as Ron, and kept quite fit.  There was no six pack abs or rippling muscles, but no flab either.  Pretty much the same as him.  He wondered if Jessica had considered this when she had located this couple.  He was curious how she'd found them, but let that go for the moment.

"I take it you girls are going to tell me that if I want to screw the two of you, I have to do Jack too."

"That's right darling." Jessica cooed, reaching over to squeeze his now flaccid cock with a sexy little smirk on her face.  She already knew that she had him, that he wasn't going to be able to resist fucking this dark haired nymph with the sexy eyes and full bush.

"Well shit, you drive a hard bargain, but I guess you're on.  Hey Jack, how 'bout them Bears?" he joked, referring to a line in a movie he remembered.  

"I'm with you Ron, I'm not gay or even bi, but man, for a chance to fuck your lovely wife and watch you fuck mine, I'm game.  I get a double bonus, two for the price of one!"

"That's right Jack honey," Cindy commented.  "We were pretty sure that Ron wouldn't go for just you and Jessica, my pussy and ass-hole needed to be thrown into the bargain too."

"Oh yeah," thought Ron, "she's gonna take my cock up her ass too.  Right on!"

With the negotiations over, Jessica decided to get the ball rolling again.  She sidled over to her husband and took his limp penis in her hand, cupped his balls and gave the head a quick once over with her tongue.  "Jack, are you ready for a taste?" she asked, offering the growing cock to their new 'buddy'.

"Ready as I'll ever be, I s'pose." Jack answered, moving closer to Jessica.  He covered her mouth with his, enjoying a long kiss before moving his attention to the 'subject' in her hand.  He'd never seen another man's cock close up before, at least not three inches from his mouth.  The head of this dick was almost purple, and seemed to be getting even darker as it grew.  The shaft was pale in contrast, almost pink.  The veins that supplied the rigidity were almost full in Ron's anticipation of this new experience, and Jack felt his cock growing as well.  "Maybe this won't be so bad after all," he thought, slipping his tongue out of his mouth to circle the purple ridge beneath the engorged head.  "Well, here goes nothin'."

Jack was surprised at how smooth the skin was as he circled Ron's cock, and he felt the ridges all the way down as he explored the shaft.  He took a deep breath and went for it, engulfing as much of the rigid member as he could.  He got about four inches of the seven in on the first try, and he felt Ron tense as it reached for the back of his throat.  He tried to envision the things that he likes to feel when he's getting his cock sucked, and did his best to do it himself.  He figured that if he was going to do something, he may as well do it right.  Lowering his head on the cock, he sucked in hard all the way down, making sure that his teeth were covered by his lips.  As he pulled back, he swiped his tongue back and forth on the sensitive underside, leaving just the head in before plunging down again.  He was getting used to the feeling of a cock in his throat, and was able to take more and more with each downstroke, until he felt his lips on Ron's pubic hair and the skin on his balls.  Ron was lying on his back enjoying Jacks oral ministrations, thinking to himself that maybe this wasn't really the first blow job that he had given.  

"Oh man, you really know how to make a man feel good, are you sure you haven't done this before?" he asked his new buddy.

Jack stopped long enough to reply "no way Jose, but I know what feels good."

"Well if you keep that up, you're going to find out what tastes good!"

Jack didn't reply, he couldn't with his mouth full of seven inches of cock.  He knew that he had to finish him off, that was part of the deal with his wife.  "You always want me to swallow, well you're gonna have to do the same mister, "she had told him.  

He was enjoying himself in spite of his earlier misgivings; he felt a certain degree of accomplishment in being able to do a good job on his first try.  He wanted to increase the pleasure for Ron, so he encouraged him to move over on his side, and spread his ass cheeks.  Cindy got the hint right away and moved in on Ron's puckered opening, her tongue circled the muscle before wedging its way into his backside.  

"Oh yeah, yes!" came his immediate response.  "Tongue my ass-hole you hot slut!"

Cindy loved being talked dirty to, and responded by pressing in even further.  When Ron squeezed his sphincter muscle to open it up, she slid her tongue far into his forbidden opening, wriggling it a bit before withdrawing and replacing it with a lubed finger.  Grabbing Jacks hand and coating his fingers with lube, she took over spreading Ron's cheeks and guided her husband's finger to that sensitive hole.  Jack took the hint and pressed his middle finger up to the knuckle.  

"Ahhhh, fuck me!  Shove your finger up my ass, damn that feels so fucking good!"  

Ron was beside himself with pleasure, and when Jack started massaging his prostate, he reached his peak.  Waves of pleasure overtook him and he groaned incoherently as his cock began spurting strings of cum into Jacks mouth.  The first spurt almost caused him to gag, but he flexed his throat and felt the cum sliding down and into his stomach.  He kept moving on the throbbing member, sucking hard and swirling his tongue as Ron emptied his balls into his belly.  At first he didn't even taste the sperm, but after a couple of pulses it lost its velocity and began to coat his tongue.  It was the first time he had ever tasted it, other than his own that he had sampled from his wife's cunt and mouth.  The erotic sensation of feeling Ron's cock shooting in his mouth erased any misgivings he had about eating cum, and he found himself enjoying the feeling and even the new taste.  He kept his finger deep in his ass, massaging the prostate to help squeeze the most pleasure out of Ron's orgasm.  His buddy was thrusting his cock into his mouth with each pulse and swipe on the prostate, and Jack knew that he had done a good job.  He was thinking in the back of his mind that he hoped he would receive as well as he had given.  He milked every last drop out of those balls until Ron had to push him away from his sensitive cock head.  

"Man, that was something bud.  You're hired!" he joked, rolling over onto his back as Jack's finger slid from his ass-hole.  

He had almost forgotten about the girls, and was pleased to see that they weren't just sitting idly by while the two men were going at it.  Jessica was kneeling between Cindy's spread legs, her tongue buried in her snatch, finger working her slippery ass hole as she writhed and moaned beneath her onslaught.  Jack moved over to his wife and shared the last vestiges of the sperm that remained on his tongue, and then lowered his head to her very erect right nipple while massaging her left tit.  He squeezed her delicious breast a few more times, and then moved his hand to her mound, spreading her pussy lips wider for Jessica to munch on.  He was enjoying watching his wife's turned on body moving beneath Jessie, the look on her face told him that she was really enjoying being eaten by this beautiful woman.

Jack's cock, of course,  was still very hard.  The combination of this new experience and watching the two women kept him turned on, and he was determined to use that hard cock to full advantage.  He moved above Jessica and kissed his way down her backbone, biting and nibbling his way lower until his nose and mouth were in the crack of her lovely ass.  She writhed around in encouragement as he inhaled deeply, taking in the musky scent of her butt mixed with the unmistakable aroma of pussy juice.  His tongue explored her pussy, and then pressed on the sensitive skin between her ass-hole and cunt, loving it when she pressed back to him as she moaned into his wife's crotch.

He rose up behind this writhing beauty and grasped his rigid member, sliding the head up and down her moist crack, spreading her pussy lips as he coated it with her juices.  Pressing forward he entered her cunt, the juices offering all of the lubrication that was necessary as she opened up for him.  He was fully buried in this wonderfully wet pussy when he looked up to see Ron straddling Cindy's face, his cock head inches from her lips.  Her eyes were closed, but when she felt the head of his dick caressing her lips she willingly opened her mouth to accept the already renewed member.  Jack delighted in watching his wife take the cock into her mouth, her jaws seemed to hinge as Ron pressed into her throat.  

This was an extraordinarily heady event, each lover experiencing the other for the first time.  Ron began sawing back and forth into Jacks' wife's mouth as he watched him fuck in and out of Jessica's wet hole.  Cindy was moaning with a mouthful of cock as Jessie continued to slather on her pussy, her tongue climbing as far into her wetness as she could make it go.  She pushed a slippery finger into her ass-hole as she lapped on her juices, and moaned herself when she felt Jack's cock moving from her pussy up to her own sphincter.

"That's what I need Jack, fuck my ass for me while I eat this delicious pussy.  Easy honey, that's it, nice and slow."

Jack followed her instructions as well as he was able, eager to plunge fully into her ass-hole but mindful of not hurting her.  Jessica felt her sphincter expanding to allow the invasion into her forbidden depths, flexing her muscle to open for him.  He went as slowly as he could, and Jessie seemed to encourage him, pushing her ass back to him as he pushed into her rectum.  He looked up and winked at his new buddy as his cock bottomed out in Jessie's bum, and Ron winked back as he stroked his cock in and out of Cindy's hungry mouth.

Jessica was enjoying the taste of this luscious pussy and the hard cock fucking her tight ass, but she wanted even more.  "I need to feel both of you in me, now!" she commanded, wrenching her mouth from Cindy's drenched pussy.  

Ron didn't need to be told twice, and although he was enjoying the cock sucking that he was getting, he wanted very much to double penetrate both of these hot women.  He freed his cock from the slathering lips and lay down on his back, his cock jutting up toward the ceiling.  Jack pulled his cock from her slippery ass for just a moment as she rose up on Ron's cock and engulfed him in one stroke.  He immediately resumed his position behind the beautiful blonde and slid back into her tight rear entry.  

"Ahhhhhhhh, yes, butt fuck me, Jack... shove that big hard cock up my pussy, Ron!"  Jessica was in heaven, two cocks servicing her cunt and ass hole at the same time.  Cindy just sat back and watched, marveling at how the two holes stretched to accommodate the hard members.  The men were going crazy, they could feel each others cocks with a thin membrane separating them, driving in and out her two holes in a natural rhythm, synchronized by the pushing and pulling of the woman between them.  

"Yes, yes, YES! cried Jessica, double fuck me you bastards, smash your balls together between my legs.  I want to feel those cocks in my chest, fuck me HARDER!"

The two men did their best to accommodate this wanton bitch in heat, stroking each hole in unison, their balls indeed pressing against each other every time they thrust into her now gaping and slobbering holes.  They could tell that she was building, climbing to reach that plateau that was her goal.  Her breasts were mashed against Ron's chest, and Jack was biting on her back as she humped and bucked at the two marauding cocks that were filling her to capacity.  Cindy leaned down and covered her mouth with her own as a long moan tried to escape her lips.  

All four knew that it was time as Jessie began to shiver and shake; her entire being seemed to be in another world as her orgasm thundered down upon her.  There was nothing else in the world besides the two cocks in her cunt and ass-hole and the lips and tongue in her mouth.  She tried to shout out but was unable to do more than squeak as she writhed and squirmed on her tormenters.  Cindy had her hand between her own legs, two fingers buried in her juicy cunt as she sensed rather than felt Jessie leaving this world.  She pinched her own clit hard and elicited a small orgasm for herself as she watched her lady partner sail to those heights that are only attained a few times in life.  She envied her friend somewhat, hoping that she too would be brought to this ecstasy soon.  

Jessica's arms were flailing about, her body humping back and forth to the two cocks that were now her entire life, if only for a brief moment.  Ron and Jack merely hung on tight as her body was wracked by spasm after spasm, involuntarily pushing up and back to feel the men in her. 

Slowly, ever so slowly she began to come down from her euphoric state, panting and groaning as the men slowed the pace, now gently sliding in and out of her.  Finally she asked Jack to pull his cock from her ass-hole, and just pressed down to her loving husband's body, his cock filling her pussy with hard flesh as she began a cooling off period.  It took a few minutes for her to drift back to earth, she didn't really want to, thinking that she had just experienced a little bit of heaven.

"That was the most incredible feeling I've ever had you three.  Thank you.  But you guys didn't even cum, what's the matter; I'm not hot enough for ya?" Jessie inquired.

"You're plenty hot" Jack answered, "It's just that there are lots more holes that need hard cocks.  Unless you have a large supply of Viagra, we men have to keep some of that sperm in our balls."

"He has a point darlin'," interjected Cindy.  I'd like to feel two cocks at once before the nights over too, and we can't forget our men's asses." 

"Okay then, I get it.  Speaking of getting it, who's next?" she asked with an evil grin.

The two men looked at Cindy, but she had other plans.  "You'll have your chance at me boys, but I think it's time for us girls to watch you two again."

Ron knew it was coming, but still wasn't sure if he could suck Jack's cock.  The notion of feeling a real cock in his ass wasn't all that bad though, so he decided to offer his butt up.
