 “I’m bored.”  Dani said aloud, dragging out the ‘o’ in the word just to emphasize how bored she really was.  Scott looked back at her.  Jacob never took his eyes off the TV.  

Another Friday night wasted playing video games was the last thing Dani wanted, but there she was--stuck in Jacob’s apartment, watching them mindlessly push button after button. 

She kept telling herself that she wasn’t supposed to be there, like some horrible song on her phone stuck on endless replay.  She kept telling herself that, but it didn’t make her feel any better.  

“What?  It’s Friday--we always play video games on Friday.”  Jacob said in his usual way, a lilt in his deep voice that let her know he’d been looking forward to this all week.

Truth was, she was supposed to have been on a date--Lyla, a girl from work had lined up a smart, handsome, sophisticated guy for her.  Not that the sales pitch was necessary

It had been way too long since Dani had been with a man--well, let‘s just say she‘d had to replace the batteries in her vibrator two times this week.  As long as this guy had half a brain and didn‘t seem too scuzzy, she’d let him take her back to her place and do some particularly nasty things to her.

But, then the stomach bug decided that it needed a date worse than Dani did, and Jim had called her that afternoon, apologizing profusely.

So there she was--once again, over at Jacob’s place, eating Chinese and doing the usual Friday night routine.  

It wasn’t that she didn’t like Jacob or Scott--they’d all been best buds since they met at the Con a few years back.  Hell, she used to have a little crush on the both of them.  

Wasn’t her fault.  Both were pretty attractive.  Jacob was a Germanic dream with a well put together body he‘d gotten from his addiction to Yoga.  She had gotten to see it one time when she had showed up early for their Friday night and caught him fresh from the shower, only a pair of shorts on.  She’d almost lost it over his abs.  And Scott--when he wasn’t playing video games or reading comics, he was working outside for his dad’s landscaping business.  So he was always tan and in shape as well.  She’d never spied him with his shirt off, but his arms were…well.  She let go a sigh, thinking only of Jacob’s stomach and Seth’s arms.  Dreamy.  They were both dreamy.

For nerds, of course.

What was she thinking?  She closed and crossed her legs.  It had been too long.

Damn Jim and his stupid stomach bug.

“I got a copy of a Mothra movie today--we could watch it and totally MST3K that bitch.”  Scott had been adding bitch to the end of his sentences since Jesse Pinkman entered his life.  Dani just smiled.

“No.  I don’t want to do that.  It’s just--we always sit here on Friday’s playing video games.  I was supposed to have a date tonight.”

“Yeah, yeah…we know.  He got so nervous about dating you, he started puking his guts up.”  Jacob laughed as he spoke.

“Shove it.  I’m just saying--I’m bored.”  Dani took her glasses off and twirled them around.

“We got that.”

Scott shook his head at Jacob’s reply.

“I don’t know…I mean, we can think of something else.  Truth is, I’m kind of bummed playing tonight too.”

“But we always..”

“Yes, J, we always play video games,” Dani couldn’t take it anymore, “but really, do we have to?  That’s what I’m asking.  Three years or so, and every Friday night when I don’t have a guy, I’m sitting here with you two.  Assassin’s Creed, Bioshock, Skyrim--we’ve played them all.”

“Yeah, so?”

“Dude, three years?”  Scott scratched his head.  “You mean, I haven’t had a date in three years?”

“We’re losing sight of what’s important, Scott.  We always..”

“No, J, the important thing is we haven’t had a date in three years.”

“Not true, Scott.  You dated the tall girl recently.  The one with the tiger tat on her left shoulder?”

Dani was always amused with their bickering.  The way Jacob’s blue eyes would flash.  Scott and his dark skin and eyes, the curl of his bottom lip…the crease on Jacob‘s head when he got serious…it was almost sexy.

No, it was very sexy.

“Shauna?  Dude, she broke up with me before we met Dani.  That’s why I wanted to da…you know.” He shut his mouth.  She could tell he’d already said too much.

“No, what?”  Dani chimed in.  Scott’s face got very flush.

“Oh, Scottie here used to have the biggest crush on you.”

“Dude!”  Jacob just smiled.

“Well, it’s true.  You did.  The biggest.”

“No.  I didn’t.”  Scott turned to Dani and smiled.

“I did have a crush on you, Dani.  But it wasn’t the biggest.  That would have been J.”

Jacob shot straight up out of his chair, his controller falling on the floor.

“Don’t say it.”

“Oh yeah I am.  Look, Dani--we even had a contest to see who was going to get to ask you out.”

“Oh em gee.”  Dani knew how much Jacob hated that.  “Seriously?”

“Yeah, why wouldn’t we have?  You’re hot.”  Scott said with a half laugh.

“Wait…so you two dweebs held a contest?  What kind of contest?”

Scott started looking towards the ceiling, the smug look completely gone from his face.  Jacob immediately went to the floor to look for his controller, taking a bit too long.  And looking a bit paler than ever before.  After a few more seconds of awkwardness, Dani had enough.  There was no way in hell she’d let this go.

“What.  Kind.”

“We…well…we…see, the thing is…”  Jacob started to stammer.  Scott started laughing.

“We put on some porn and started, you know, spanking.  See who could go the longest.”

“Oh, no.”  Dani laughed until her sides ached.  The thought of the two of them in the same room, dicks out, was just too funny.

And hot.  It was hot too.  She sat straight up, her legs uncrossed and slowly drifting apart.  Suddenly, Dani started getting an idea.  She looked over at the two guys.

“So, why didn’t you ask?”  she said, still sizing them up.  

“Well, once the contest was over, the next week you were prattling on about some guy you’d met.  Didn’t seem to be the right time.”  Jacob said with a shrug of his shoulders.

She shouldn’t be thinking it--she told herself.  She kept it on repeat.  She shouldn’t be thinking it.  She shouldn’t be thinking it.  She shouldn’t be thinking it.

But she totally was.  It’d been six months for her.  For them?  Three years.

Fuck it.

“So, who won?” she asked with a slight smile.  Jacob immediately turned back to the game.

“I’m playing now.”

Scott just laughed.  “I did.”

“How long did you go?”

“Really, I’m playing this game now.”

“Longer than he did.  But not by much.”

Dani smiled as she moved closer to Scott.  She had a look on her face that he didn’t recognize.  His eyes, those dark brown lush eyes, soon opened up and expressed a feeling of uncertainty.  It was hot too.

“So, I guess as the Champion of the first ever Spank Off, you deserve some sort of reward.”  She wasn’t going to do this.  Except she was.  She ran her hand across the front of Scott’s blue jeans, feeling the cock underneath come alive and erect.  She stuck her hand down the front of his pants as her lips met his, and was surprised by how well he adjusted to the situation, his mouth flying open and his tongue meeting hers.  Her hand found his dick, longer and thicker than what she imagined, which made it even better.  Her hand gripped it and pulled up and down on it.  She could feel his lips shiver with pleasure as she did.

She quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans, allowing his pants to fall to the floor.  She broke off the kiss and smiled at him, her hands pulling down his boxers as she sank to her knees.  Was she going to go through with this?  Oh, it was too late now.  She took his rod in her hand, and with her bare tongue licked it from the bottom of the shaft all the way to the underside of the head, twirling around it.

“Oh, Dani…” he sighed as she took him in her mouth, only putting the head in at first.  She tickled and teased him with the tip of her tongue while her right hand worked the shaft.  His breathing became hard and irregular, like it was broken, telling her she was doing exactly the right thing.

“What the fuck?”  She cut her eyes to Jacob, who had been so busy trying to hide his embarrassment about the contest he hadn’t been paying attention to the blow job going on right next to him.  She pulled Scott’s cock out of her mouth, giving it a tiny kiss on the tip as she did.  She smiled at Jacob.

It was now or never.

“You can continue playing that game.  Or, we can have a rematch--let’s see which one of you I get to cum first.”  She winked at him.

Jacob wasted no time getting over there, pushing his shorts down as he did.  His dick was smaller than Scott’s, but still a very good size.  She thrust it in down her throat as soon as he got close enough, her left hand still working Scott’s massive rod.

“Fuck…”  Jacob breathed out as she slid her lips up and down him.  She put her right hand on his balls, pulling them slightly.

Suddenly, she felt herself being pulled upward.  Scott spun her around and kissed her, this time with a ton of force.  He pulled back to pull her Hello Kitty tee off, exposing her plaid bra.  She felt Jacob’s lips kiss the back of her neck as he worked the hooks to her bra, all while Scott’s hands moved down her stomach to unbutton her jeans.  Her bra fell off of her, she felt J’s bare chest on her back now, his lips and teeth nibbling and sucking on her earlobes.  God, she loved that.  She gasped as his hands slid around and began massaging her breasts.

Scott got her jeans open, he stuck his hand between her legs, feeling how soaked her panties had become.  She took off his glasses and tossed them on a table nearby.  He pulled down her jeans with his other hand.  His fingers found their way past the satin guarding her opening.  One finger tickled the button at the top, while he slipped two insider her.  She was tight.  Warm and wet.  He kissed her lips over and over, each time sucking a small bit on her lower.  Jacob, meanwhile, had taken his hands off her breasts, and run them down to her ass, grabbing a handful of each cheek.

“Oh God,” she muttered as Scott’s lips found her nipples while Jacob’s rock hard dick pushed against her bottom.  As she pulled Scott’s shirt off, Jacob removed the last bit of clothing she had on.  Her hands went back down to both of the nerds’ members, tugging at them with great speed.  Scott was now fingering her violently while Jacob kissed her neck, one hand on her breast and one on her ass.

They had pressed into her tightly, and she was loving it.  Both sets of lips kissing her body, the thrill of it…both sets of hands touching her.  And she could feel a difference in the two.  Scott’s hands were firm and decisive, penetrating her and pushing with the right amount of force.  Then, when his hand was gone, Jacob’s replaced it--softer and gentler, tickling her and teasing her in certain ways.  They were idolizing her--worshipping her.  And she couldn’t get enough of it.

One of Scott’s hands moved up to the base of her neck, and with a small amount of force, bent her over.  She knew what to do.  She took Scott’s cock in her lips.  She started to suck as she felt Jacob’s hands spread her legs, then his firm lips press against her pussy.

She only stopped blowing Scott to let out a quick moan while Jacob’s fingers spread her lips and his tongue went from her clit all the way up her vagina, flicking back and forth at the end.  Then she felt his tongue enter her, moving up and down inside her.  She would have moaned again, but Scott put his hand on the back of her head, forcing her to go further on his dick than she had before.  She stayed still while his hips worked, fucking her mouth while Jacob ate her like it was his last meal.

Scott’s fingers wound into her brown hair and he pulled her up, kissing her passionately.  His other hand massaged a breast, all while Jacob never stopped eating.  The feeling of it, both of their flesh pressed against hers, both of their hands grabbing at her.  It was intoxicating.

“I want to fuck you.”  Scott said into her mouth.

“I want to fuck you too.” Jacob whispered in her ear.  She nodded eagerly.

 Scott motioned to Jacob, indicating for him to pull away.  Jacob did so with a smile.  Their roles had become clear--Scott was the more dominate, the more aggressive.  Jacob was the intimate one.  As far as Dani was concerned, this was having your cake and letting it eat you too.

They moved her to the couch and laid her on her back.  Scott motioned for Jacob to go first.  Then he made his way to Dani’s face, pushing his member back in her mouth, while Jacob spread her legs and rubbed the head against her labia.  She gasped as he pushed in to her forcefully, but he immediately started a slow rhythm with his trusts.  Not too deep, not too fast--like he was taunting her.

She felt it--her whole body tightening.  Her eyes must have betrayed her, because Scott started to smile, and then put his hands at the top of her flower, rubbing her clitoris with a small amount of force.  She paused from sucking Scott while Jacob fucked her, and with the stimulation added by Scott, soon she felt the release.  A wave of pleasure she hadn’t felt from a man in a while washed over her body, causing her toes to curl and her to moan as loud as she could.

“FUCK!”  Her lower lip was shaking the entire time.

“She came first!”  Jacob laughed, never breaking his stride.  He had pushed up his tempo now, plunging into her deeply and with speed.  Scott stroked his dick for a second.

“Yup--but the contest was between us.   You fixing to lose it yet?”

Jacob pulled out and squeezed the top of his cock, nodding.  Sweat had started to bead around his forehead.  “Your turn.”

“Pull that chair over here.  I want to try something.”  Scott walked back to where Jacob had been, pushing him towards a dining chair sitting in the living room.  While Jacob went to fetch it, Scott picked Dani up and sat her in his lap.  His fingers entered her while he kissed her neck.

“You’re so fucking hot, you know?” he whispered to her.  She just moaned her reply.  As soon as Jacob had brought the chair, he sat it in front of them while Scott picked Dani up again.  This time, he sat her down on his cock, that big thick manly rod filling her in a way she hadn’t ever been.  He then pushed her head down so she could suck and lick Jacob’s dick while he fucked her.  She buried her face in Jacob’s crotch while Scott lifted her up and down on him, her wetness running down onto his lap.

Scott pushed her buttocks up and down at a furious rate.  She could hear him moaning each and every time her thighs slapped down on his.  Her mouth was filled with Jacob, who was content to let her control the speed of her sucking.  The feeling, the notion of two guys wanting her so much, wanting to please her, she felt her body tremble with another orgasm.

“OH MY GOD!”  She yelled, pulling herself up by pushing down on Jacob’s knees.  Her mouth held open for a second or two later, a soundless yell running out of them.  Jacob used that as an excuse to kiss her, his firm lips now soft.

“Oh shit.”  Scott said, and suddenly pushed Dani off of him.  He lowered her onto the ground below him, and she felt the warm slop of his jizz start to coat her round, tight ass.  She smiled.  “Oh, god.  Oh god.  Oh god.”

“Looks like you lost, bro.”  Jacob said with a smile.  Scott smiled back.

“You got me this time.  She was just so damn good.”

“You better believe it.  And I only get better.”  Dani said biting down on her lip.  She flicked her brows, making sure Jacob knew that was an invitation.  She could see the sweat on him, running from his pecks and past his sculpted abs.

Jacob kissed her while Scott got her cleaned off.  He then pulled her down on the floor and put her belly on the rug.  He entered her from behind, his cock throbbing insider her sore but happy pussy.

“Pull her hair, dude.  She’ll love it.”  Scott said, sitting on the couch and wiping the sweat off his brow.  Jacob complied.  This time, he didn’t start slowly.  He was ready to fuck her.  He buckled hard against her, crashing into her lovely ass.  She turned to watch Scott watching them, those perfect arms of his moving while his palms rubbed the insides of his thighs.  He had a permanent smile affixed on his handsome face.

Jacob continued to push in her, his hand pulling her head back so slightly.  She came again.  She was lucky that way, and soon, she could tell by Jacob’s breathing that the end was coming.

“On my tits.”  Dani said.  Jacob huffed a reply.

His hand left her hair and grabbed her shoulder, pulling her on her knees as he slid out of her.  He walked around front of her, his hand working his cock.  She used her biceps to push her breasts up.  After the fucking those two had given her, she felt like they should have a little fun too.

She sucked on her fingers and smiled as globs of white cum fell on her breasts, a trail being formed across them.  She grinned as Jacob finished milking himself, then gave his dick a quick suck and small kiss to congratulate it for a job well done.  Soon she watched as Jacob collapsed in the chair.

“I have never…I mean never…NEVER done anything as hot as that.”

“Three years was completely worth it.”

Dani laughed at them.  She wasn‘t done.  She stood up and kissed them both, first Scott, then Jacob.  Then she took both of them by the hand and led them up from their seats.

“Thing is, guys…you’re tied.  So, I guess we’re going to have to have a tie-breaker.” She started to pull them back toward Jacob’s bedroom.

She stopped and turned and looked at both of them.  Those two handsome guys.  Those two geeks.

Her guys.

“And, I’m going to have to say, Friday nights are never going to be boring again.”

With that, she grabbed them again to lead.  Only this time, it wasn’t by their hands.