 I had been dating this great girl for several months. She was a veterinarian in Chicago and a huge sports fan. We fell asleep each night watching SportsCenter on ESPN and she had season tickets to the Cubs. Oh, and she was well above average in the looks department. Life was pretty damn good.

Amy loved the outdoors. She was a big jock; rock climbing, bike riding, kayaking, you name it, she did it and did it well. All that working out left her with a well-toned body, beautifully tanned and built for sex. She is about 5'10" with long, athletic legs, dark brunette hair that she wears straight, usually in a ponytail and the most perfect little pert 34b's. Her abs are ripped and when she bats her sparkling green eyes in your direction, your knees go weak and your groin stirs. When she puts on her itty-bitty string bikini and we hit the beach, guys drool over her all-American good looks.

Anyway, things were going well in our relationship so we decided to take a summer vacation together. Amy had always wanted to visit a working dude ranch so we found a place in the Colorado Rocky Mountains that offered a "real cowboy" experience. We loaded our bikes and kayaks on the SUV and headed west.

The place was incredible. Real cowboys worked the range, herding cattle. A beautiful trout stream wound through the acreage. Mountains called with single-track to explore. Deer and elk roamed the forest.

The ranch foreman, a big strapping cowboy named Buck, showed us to our private cabin. The brochure for the dude ranch had proclaimed that Buck was a World Champion, winning rodeos for the last 20 years.

"Hope you folks enjoy your stay," he drawled. "Y'all are the only guests right now. A couple of families from Texas are showing up day after tomorrow."

I tried to tip Buck, but he shook his head, "Nope partner, keep your money in your pocket. We aim to please here at the Rocking C but everything is included in your rate."

"Everything?" Amy asked with a wicked gleam in her eye.

"We do our best, little filly," Buck answered. "Chow time is 6pm and you can meet the rest of the ranch hands then. We can go over some of the activities, although tomorrow is kinda 'vacation' day around here for the hands before many of the tourists show up on Saturday. The boys usually have a little rodeo down at the old barn and a big BBQ on their day off."

As Buck left, I noted Amy checking out Buck's tight ass and licking her lips lustily. 

"You like what you see?" I teased.

"The outdoors just make me so damn horny," she replied. "Let's go for a bike ride before dinner to cool my jets."

"I can think of a better way to satisfy your hormones," I answered as I rubbed my dick through my jeans.

"Easy there stud," Amy giggled. "I'll race you to the top of that mountain trail…winner gets his/her choice."

I didn't need any further clarification. I could picture standing triumphantly on the top of the mountain, my bike shorts around my ankles as my dick disappeared down Amy's talented throat. 

"You are on," I answered.

Unfortunately, an untimely flat tire side-tracked my victory and by the time I reached the top breathing heavily and sweating, Amy was sunning herself on a big granite boulder, her bike shorts removed and wadded up under her head as a pillow.

"Those are the breaks, sport," she purred. "Put that panting tongue to work and make me cum like a volcano."

I hate losing, but tasting Amy's sweet twat is not a bad consolation prize. I went to work fervently, kissing my way up her inner thighs and teasing her swollen clit with light kisses and my flicking tongue. Judging from Amy's cooing, I was hitting all the right buttons.

As I munched her well-trimmed pussy, I unleashed my raging boner from my tight Lycra bike shorts and stroked it slowly.

"Keep fucking my pussy with your tongue," Amy moaned, "and I might let you fuck me with that sweaty, stinky piece of meat."

I inserted first one then two fingers in her box, while continuing to lick her clit. With the other hand, I reached up and released Amy's perfect little tits from her sports bra and tweaked her hardening nipple.

"Yea baby, pinch it harder," Amy commanded. 

I started to kiss my way up her belly, but Amy grabbed my head with both hand and forced my face back between her legs. 

"Finish what you started," she ordered. "To the victor go the spoils; and I want my spoils, NOW!"

With a renewed intensity, I continued to eat her out. Amy's moaning and groaning grew louder and she started to thrash around on the rock.

"Stick your tongue up my slit," she ordered, "and finger my ass." I forgot to mention earlier, Amy is a little kinky and I have yet to find anything that she considers 'off-limits' when it comes to sex.

As I followed her orders, her body stiffened and she let out a blood-curdling orgasmic scream. I continued to lightly lick her clit as her body relaxed and her vice-like grip on my head was released.

"Oh baby, that was incredible," she whimpered as she lay back on the warm boulder.

Looking up at me, she giggled, "Damn big boy, I've never seen your dick so hard. Must be this clean mountain air. Stroke it for me and tell me how bad you want me."

As always, Amy had me in a trance. Without thinking twice, I followed her command and grabbed my hard tool, "Oh, baby you are so hot, lying in the sun with that big goofy, satisfied grin on your face. I want to fuck you soooooo bad."

"Use you other hand to play with your balls," she ordered. "Stroke your dick faster."

I continued beating my meat while Amy massaged her tits and twisted her nipples. "I want to ram my boner ball-deep in your hot box."

"Yea baby, talk dirty and keep stroking that beautiful cock," she insisted. "Stand over me and give me a glorious view of your horny rod."

I straddled her prone body, and continued tugging my sack and jacking my tool.

"I love watching you jack your hot cock," Amy whispered.

I wanted to fuck her badly, but if I kept up this kinky conversation, a few more strokes and I was going to be over the top. "Amy, I'm nearing the point of no return."

Ignoring my begging, she continued to tease me, "Imagine my pussy walls wrapped around your cock as your hand strokes up and down your throbbing shaft. Squeeze your balls and imagine them bouncing off my firm ass. Tell me how badly you need to fuck my tight cunt."

Wow, she was driving me crazy. "I need your cunt wrapped around my dick," I implored. I was fighting the urge to explode all over her incredible body, still holding out hope of cumming buried deep in her twat.

Amy licked her finger, sucking it like a little dick. She reached up and traced a fingernail along the sensitive area between my balls and my asshole. With a quick motion, she inserted her spit-lubed finger deep into my ass.

That was it. I couldn't hold back any longer. With a last jerk, I exploded all over her face, tits, and ripped little belly. Jet after jet of hot spunk splashed off her body, puddling on her well-tanned stomach. For the first time, she touched my cock as she lovingly coaxed the last few drops of spooge from my softening member. She eagerly mopped up my sauce and licked her fingers clean, smacking her lips with a satisfied sigh.

"I thought you wanted to fuck me?" she teased, knowing damn well the sexual power she held over me.

"You won this time," I responded, "but revenge can be sweet."

"Sweet? You mean like your spunk?" she laughed as she licked the last few drops from her previously drenched face.

I thought to myself, jacking off on this babe was better than fucking 99.9% of the girls out there. 

We enjoyed a leisurely ride back to the cabin and after a quick shower headed to the chuck wagon for a little chow.

Amy wore a pair of skin-tight Levis and a half t-shirt that showed off her six-pack abs. Seven or eight cowboys were gathered around a big campfire, eating dinner, drinking beers, and telling stories. As we pulled up a couple of chairs, the cowboys respectfully killed the good-ole-boy trash talking but they couldn't take their eyes off of Amy's striking figure.

Wanting to fit in and put the ranch hands at ease, Amy spoke up, "Hey guys, I'm Amy and this is my friend Steve."

"Howdy, folks," the cowboys replied, returning silently to their meals.

Not deterred, Amy continued, "I was reading in a medical journal about a study that was recently conducted on the male penis."

The men all perked up, but only the ranch foreman, Buck took the bait. "Did you say 'penis' ma'am?"

"Yes," Amy continued in her most clinical manner. "The American Medical Association funded a study to determine why the head of a penis is larger than the shaft. After spending $500,000 and a year of study, the Americans concluded the head was larger in order to provide the man more pleasure during sex."

A few of the cowboys nodded in agreement and Buck interjected, "You don't say?"

"But the French didn't agree with this conclusion and they created their own study, spending nearly a million dollars and 2 years. Their conclusion was that the head of the penis was bigger in order to give the woman more pleasure during sex."

"I guess that makes sense," responded Buck.

"Well the Polish still disagreed," Amy continued. "So they conducted another study. Within a couple of days and at a cost of less than $50, they concluded that the large head on a man's penis was to keep his hand from flying off and hitting him in the forehead."

A silence fell over the cowboys as they processed the results of this last study. Slowly each of the men started to chuckle. They slapped one another on the back and began laughing in earnest as the joke became clear. Men started shadow-jerking imaginary dicks, their hands coming up and smacking their foreheads. The ice was officially broken and Amy was now one of the guys.

Throughout the night we drank beers and swapped stories. The cowboys talked about the 'Friday Rodeo' planned for the next day. Amy was excited about attending and Buck even promised to let her 'bust a bronco'. Based on the twinkle in her eye, I could see she was more interested in riding Buck than in his horse.

I'm not the jealous type, besides I was planning to accompany Trip, the ranch cook, on a fly-fishing excursion in the morning. I was glad Amy would have something to keep her busy.

I awoke the next morning to the roosters crowing, cockadoodledoooooo. I jumped out of bed, excited to get down to the river at first morning light.

"Where are you going Steve?" Amy sleepily enquired.

"Going fishing sweetie," I answered, "Have a fun day at the rodeo."

"I was hoping to start the day with a breakfast that included your big fat sausage," she yawned as she squeezed my dick through my fishing waders.

"Sorry babe," I replied as the rooster continued to crow, "But this morning my cock won't doodle doodle do." I kissed her forehead and before heading out the door, fished her favorite dildo out of the luggage and tossed it into bed, "This cock will have to doodle do this morning."

The fishing was fantastic. Trip was a great guide and his girlfriend, Shelly tagged along and provided additional beauty to the already incredible surroundings. Shelly was a big-titted little blonde with a perfect bubble-butt. She fished along beside us for a while on the main river and then took off to try her luck on one of the brushy little tributaries. 

After another hour of hooking and releasing some big brown trout, Trip announced he was going looking for Shelly so we could head back and get some lunch.

After breaking down my fishing rod, I headed up the creek to find Trip and Shelly. Rounding a large rock outcropping I was unprepared for the sight ahead. Shelly was butt-naked, down on her knees next to the bubbling creek sucking Trip's hardening cock through his unzipped Levis.

And what a cock it was. If Trip had foregone being a cowboy, he could be a very wealthy man in the porn industry. Though not yet fully erect, his pecker was at least 10 inches long and as thick Shelly's wrist. In her petite hands, the tool looked massive. Her fingers did not reach around its impressive girth and she was struggling to work barely half its length down her throat, her jaws stretched to their limits.

"Shelly, not now," Trip implored. "We have a guest downstream that needs our attention."

"Screw him," she replied. "Right now I need the attention of your big fat cock to put out the fire burning between my legs."

I stopped in the trees, not wanting to intrude on the couple's lovemaking. Based on the huge smile on Trip's face he was thoroughly enjoying Shelly's efforts. Using both hands, she was working his cock passionately, periodically pulling his tool from her mouth and spit-lubing his glistening shaft. 

"Fuck baby, you really know how to tame my tubesteak," Trip groaned. "OK, but let's make it a quickie. And for heaven's sake, keep it quiet."

He firmly gripped Shelly's ears, using them as handles as he started to piston fuck her throat. While he raped her mouth, Shelly's used one hand to fondle Trip's low hanging balls and the other to diddle her dripping snatch.

Pulling his dick from her stretched lips, Trip commanded, "Suck my balls." While Shelly alternated taking each of his nuts in her mouth, Trip stroked his angry rod to full attention. At nearly 11-inches long, the head was purple and swollen, a crowning knob on an incredible shaft. Veins bulged and his cock throbbed with anticipation.

"OK sweet-pea, you ready to ride this beast?"

Without a word, Shelly stood up and bent over a nearby boulder, her eyes never leaving Trip's impressive prick.

"You want it from behind, like a wild animal?" Trip enquired.

"I want to feel every inch of your magnificent cock as you bury it in my snatch," she purred. 

Like a swordsman, Trip brandished his throbbing weapon, teasing Shelly's cunt lips with the knob of his cock.

"Don't tease me. Fuck me with that powerful schlong. Make me your bitch in heat."

Slowly, Trip leaned his weight into the task at hand. His cockhead disappeared into Shelly's pussy with an audible pop. Using his strong hands, Trip spread her ass cheeks, her brown eye winking as he pushed his dick further up her twat.

Shelly feverishly fingered her clit, reaching back between her legs to grab Trip's balls and pull him further into her hole.

"Don't stop until you are buried ball deep," she moaned.

What an incredible scene. Being a guy, I have seen my share of porn, but this was better than anything I had seen on DVD. Trip's dick was truly unbelievable and Shelly's passion and desire were without equal. I unzipped my fly and fished out my rock hard cock, stroking it to the rhythm created by Trip and Shelly.

"Oh yea, ride me cowboy," she screamed as Trip's dick bottomed out and he began to deep dick her with long powerful thrusts.

"Shhhh, honey," Trip whispered, "Mr. Armstrong will hear you."

"To hell with him," Shelly purred, "Keep feeding me that gorgeous prick and let Mr. Armstrong find his own jollies."

Trust me, watching this scene unfold, Shelly's Playboy Bunny body bent over a granite boulder, being violated by Trip's massive log was more entertaining than any damn fishing. I used the precum leaking from my raging boner to lube my cock as my jerking tried to keep pace with Trip's ferocious strokes.

Shelly's nipples were rock hard, a combination of the cold rock she was splayed across and the furious twat banging she was receiving. Trip reached around her small body and twisted her nipples violently.

"Fuck, you know how to push all the right buttons," she moaned. "Screw me harder with that big fat dick of yours. Fuck me till I can't see straight."

I was mesmerized watching his manly tool drive Shelly over the top. I am not small, 8.5 inches long and reasonably thick. But this guy's prick dwarfed mine. Watching Shelly squirm under his relentless thrusts, I could only imagine the ecstasy she was enjoying riding his enormous fuckstick. I actually caught myself wondering what it would be like to wrap my hand around his pulsing prick and feel the power and energy emanating from his throbbing pussy pleaser. 

I am not gay. Let me repeat; I AM NOT GAY. But watching Trip's 11-inch monster drive Shelly insane with passion, I was in complete awe. He withdrew his entire length, leaving her gaping hole exposed to the fresh mountain air before grabbing her waist and pushing his tool ball deep into her ravenous cunt. As his dick bottomed out, Shelly exhaled a whimpering cry, her eyes crossed and her body stiff with tension. As Trip withdrew again, her body relaxed but she eagerly thrust her hips back to meet his next attack.

"I love your cock," Shelly purred. "I need to feel your huge tool ripping my insides apart. Explode deep in my twat, filling me with your love seed."

"Oh baby, that dirty talk drives me nuts," Trip replied.

Join the club Trip. With a couple more strokes, I let loose a huge load, shooting spunk all over the large spruce tree I was hiding behind. 

As my cock started to soften, Trip firmly grabbed Shelly's cute little ass and thrust his dick deeply into her box, "I'm cumming baby!" His body started to spasm as Trip unloaded a huge wad of spooge.

"Oh, I can feel your cock squirting inside me," she answered. "Your load is so hot. Fuck yes!"

I quickly tucked my cock back in my waders and quietly retreated to the main stream. Before rounding the large rock outcropping, I turned one last glance toward the spent couple and watched Shelly unsheathe Trip's sword from her pussy, kneel at his feet and eagerly suck the remaining goo from his impressive member.

"Can't let any of this delicious sauce go to waste…" she trailed off as I hurried back downstream.

Within 10 minutes the glowing couple reemerged from the woods to find me sitting on a rock near the stream enjoying a Cuban cigar.

"Sorry, Mr. Armstrong," Trip stuttered, "We got a little lost."

Lost in the moment, I thought. But I sure wasn't going to complain. "No problem," I replied. "Hope you two got it all worked out."

"Oh, we got it worked out," Shelly giggled, "As always Trip found just the spot he was looking for."

Trip offered me a hand and I stood to follow them back to the ranch.

"Mr. Armstrong," Shelly began, "You have something dripping down the front of your waders."

Looking down, I was horrified to see a trail of my own drying cum streaked from my crotch down my leg. In my haste to beat a retreat from my own private peep show, I had failed to perform even basic masturbatory hygiene. 

Thinking quickly, as my face turned a bright red I responded, "Oh it must be some tree sap from bushwhacking through the stream-side forest."

As Trip shouldered his gear and headed down the trail toward the ranch, Shelly persisted, "We will catch up Trip, I am just going to clean this off for Mr. Armstrong before it ruins his waders."

She dipped a small towel in the river and kneeled in front of me to clean the 'tree sap' from my pants. Visions of her kneeling in front of Trip leapt to mind and I played mental gymnastics to keep my Johnson from springing to attention.

With Trip out of earshot, Shelly looked up from between my legs, staring me straight in the eyes, "Looks like you enjoyed our little show, Mr. Armstrong." With a knowing squeeze of my crotch, she extended her tongue and began to lick the dribbled cum from my waders.

"It's a shame so much of your tasty load went for naught," she teased. "But I did enjoy being watched."

"I'm sorry Shelly," I stammered. "It was an accident….I mean I didn't mean to…I…well…uhhh."

Finishing licking my pants clean, Shelly stood and started off down the trail after Trip, "Well said Mr. Armstrong, well said. The sight of Trip's dick often leaves me speechless too."
