 "Management! Your time is up!" 

We scrambled to cover up as she unlocked the door and let herself in.

"If you need more time you have ta pay. As it is you owe for 20 minutes."

She was the very essence of the word cheap. Her frizzy blonde hair stood on end caked with hairspray, and looked as if it was one dye job away from falling out. She stood about 5'3" and very thin. She stood there chewing subconsciously on the nail of her first finger; it was an inch long and done in a "French" manicure. Her outfit looked like something that might have been left behind by one of the hourly tenants. White, strappy, wedge heels graced small feet with chipped red nail polish on the toes. She stood there looking around the room, while pulling down her denim-colored spandex skirt. Her shirt, if it could be called that, was a red, gingham and denim halter-top tied just above her navel. The skirt was so tight she looked as if she might topple over at any second. She was every man's dream of slumming it. 

She looked around, as if finally realizing that we were naked. Her eyes rested on the tent in the sheet covering my husband's lap. Now, he's no freak of nature, but his cock is impressive and that tent was definitely drawing her eye.

I looked at him questioningly, and he looked back with a little smile that said all I needed to know.

"Can we pay in . . .an alternative method?" I asked letting the sheet fall down, exposing my small upturned breasts.

"Honey, we only accept cash. You ain't got nothing I want." She said this looking at me, but once again her eyes were drawn to my husband's lap once more. It was obvious we did have something she wanted.

Jackson stood up, "Okay, Ma'am, let me get my wallet." The sheet dropped to the floor. His cock smacked against his stomach when the sheet dropped. He paused just a moment to see her reaction, and then reached for his clothes.

"Well," Her tongue reached out and dampened her lips, "Maybe we can work something out. See, I haven't had no cock in near bouts 3 years. Since Jerry had surgery. I figure what he don't know can't hurt me. So why don't you bring that over here."

Jackson's cock jumped as he moved over to her and thrust his hand into her hair. He pulled her into a deep, hard kiss. I watched as he jerked her skirt up and tore her cotton thong off, exposing her clean shaven cunt. 

He tore open her shirt, flinging imitation pearl buttons across the room. Slamming her against the door she had just closed, he found her tits. She had a handful and the nipples were as large as silver dollars each with a long, hard, deep pink peak. He pinched one roughly and then knelt to bury his face in her pussy. 

She threw one leg over his shoulder and pressed her cunt into his face. Moaning and bucking her hips, she cried, "Don't stop! Dear God, don't stop!"

I was lying back on the pillows, still moist from our earlier fun. Running my hand over my sweaty skin, I pulled on my nipple and ran my hand over my juicy lips. .) Watching her reaction to Jackson's forceful ministrations was making me hotter by the moment. My hands were becoming frenzied as I stroked my cum soaked pussy lips. Finally, I slipped one finger into my hungry cunt. I fucked myself, using Jackson's cum and rubbing at my clit while she moaned and thrust her hips forward.

She appeared to be getting closer to release when Jackson pulled away from her hairless snatch as suddenly as he had attacked it. 

"Do you want to cum?" he questioned, licking her from his lips.

Her eyelids fluttered open, and she gazed at him with something akin to amazement. "Yes, please," she whispered almost as if she were praying, a slight note of reverence in her voice.

"Well, if you want yours, Melinda gets hers." He said this while gesturing to me. She nodded almost imperceptibly, still a bit dazed by her unexpected ravishing. 

"Okay, anything." For the first time since Jackson had touched her, she looked at me. I was lying back against the pillows, my legs open so that she could see how wet and swollen my pussy was. My face was flushed, not from embarrassment, but from desire, and my hand was still flicking my clit as I listened to their exchange.

She took a few hesitant steps towards me, unsteady on her legs. Then she crawled across the bed and kissed my inner thigh. Slightly unsure, she ran her tongue along the outside of my vulva. I was thrusting my hips involuntarily in anticipation of her overly painted mouth sucking on my pussy, so I roughly pulled her head forward and jammed her mouth into my cunt.

She struggled for a second, but then as if possessed, she started lapping at my pussy with abandon. She sucked my cunt, nibbling roughly at my clit. I jerked and arched my back. My tits thrust up and my nipples were so hard they hurt. She buried her face in me, covering her mouth with my wetness. I was bucking wildly. It was almost too much. Flames of passion flared outward from my clenching cunt. She inserted her finger and pulled her head back to watch me as she fucked me as hard as she could, her face pink with exertion and shiny from my pussy juice.

I felt a soft nudge on my cheek and Jackson sliding his cock across my lips. Eagerly I opened my mouth and he thrust himself into me. He fucked my face in time with her fingers and soon I was deep-throating him. I focused all my erotic energy into sucking Jackson's cock. I closed my mouth around his shaft and sucked it hard. I dragged my teeth along his length and then swiftly engulfed him in my warm wet mouth. Pulling him out almost completely, I traced along the tip of him. My tongue tickled the head before dipping into the hole at the peak. He tasted of me, a sweet, musty flavor that I was accustomed to. I was sucking and licking his cock. He pulled back and I ran my tongue along his length and then used his precum to moisten my lips and swallowed him again. He was jerking and I knew he was close to shooting his load, but I wanted him to prolong it, so I concentrated on his balls while she inserted another finger and bit down on my clit, bringing me closer to the abyss. 

Suddenly I was cumming. I felt wave after wave shattering along my stomach. My nipples got even harder and I cried out. As I came she sucked my clit, prolonging the pleasure. Seeing me explode got Jackson even harder than he was, so I pulled away from her with a groan and pulled myself over to lock my mouth on hers. I hungrily tasted myself on her lips. My ass was in the air giving Jackson a perfect view of my juicy pussy. 

He thrust in. He tried to prolong his passion but I would have none of that. I rocked my hips back to envelope him completely. Groaning loudly, he came. Grasping my hips, he slammed into me three or four times, crying out with the intensity of his pleasure each time. 

Not even giving Jackson time to recover, she broke away from me breathlessly. "Well," she said, " I kept my end, now I want that cock in me."

Jackson looked at me, then leaned over and kissed me hard on the mouth. He tasted like pussy and it was good. "Go on, baby, you promised," I whispered. That was all the encouragement he needed.

Standing up, he grabbed her head and forced it down on his softening cock. "If you want this cock, you'd better get it ready to fuck you with."

She took to his cock , moaning with desire and need. Taking the soft length fully in her mouth she made like she was chewing on it, but I could see there was no pain. She pulled back in fast, determined strokes, always sucking him back in with her deft mouth. This wasn't the first time I had watched someone suck Jackson, but it was certainly the hottest. 

He kept one hand on the back of her head, adding an element of control to her sucking. He'd occasionally thrust his quickly growing length into her mouth. I'd see her gag a bit, but then she was right back savoring his large cock.

When he decided he was hard enough, he pushed her over onto her hands and knees on the filthy carpet. " You like getting fucked like a dirty little whore, don't you?" Jackson hissed. He slapped her ass. I could see a red mark rising, but she just moaned out. "Yes, fuck me!" (I'm such a sucker for dirty talk ;) )

This was a Jackson I had never viewed before. I had been the receiver of his dominance, but had never experienced it in the third person. Watching her pussy get fucked made my skin flush with enjoyment. I liked seeing Jackson use her especially knowing he was mine and he would never be fucking her again. He shoved his cock into her cunt with a groan that was almost a shout. Grabbing a handful of her hair, he used it as leverage to fuck her wildly. I could hear her hiss as it went painfully deep, but she never asked him to stop, just took it as it came harder and harder. He whipped his cock out of her pussy, and I could see the shock register on her face as he slammed it into her ass with out warning. She cried out, "Oh God yes!" 

He kept going back and forth between her pussy and her ass like a man possessed. I couldn't sit on the sidelines any longer. I was getting hotter by the moment, and I hungered to be a part of the spectacle I was observing. I crawled onto the floor and maneuvered under her. Slowly I lapped at her cunt, taking care to flick my tongue over her clit. The contrast of my slow delicate ministrations and his full out assault made her pussy even wetter. Her body spasmed as it attempted to make sense of the opposing sensations. I nibbled on her clit and she hissed. I could tell she was loving every minute of "hers." 

I roughly twisted her nipple with my right hand and I was rewarded with a mouthful of her cunt juice as she got more excited. "Wow," I thought "I could get used to this."

Knowing that she liked a little pain, I bit down on her clit a little more harshly. She jumped slightly but then ground her crotch down on my face while Jackson pummeled her ass. I could tell she was close, so I kept on chewing. I reached up and slid three fingers into her pussy and she started bucking her hips against me. She and Jackson both let out a cry as they came. Jackson pulled out and came on my face, stream after stream of hot cum all over my mouth and cheeks. 

The manager then turned around so she was on hands and knees over me milked the last of his cum into her hungry mouth. 

We all lay exhausted and sweaty from our efforts. The room smelled like cigarette smoke and sex.

I shot up. The camera!