 For a moment, I thought I'd crossed a line. Dan leaned against the wall, still nude but now with the camera at his side, apparently considering the idea. I was still naked on the bed with my hand on my balls and my cock pointing to the ceiling.

"You think Annie wants to see pics of you with a cock in your mouth?"

"She'd love that," I said. Sensing this really was a line he was thinking about crossing I felt I may as well go all in. "And if I had your cum on my face, she'd love that too." 

He was quiet for a moment, and I feared I might have gone too far. Our friendship had travelled a long way in a short time. He'd been to nude beaches with me for quite some time, but never before had he taken his shorts off in front of me. I'd admired his neat body, and always wondered about the cock now exposed and almost within touching distance.

I'd never let on anything about my bi side, or the fact I'd had thoughts about his cock in particular. Or that I'd told Annie I'd suck him off if I ever got the chance. She'd told me she could understand why I felt that way. She said she'd suck him herself, if I was watching.

Now though, I felt very exposed, naked on the bed with him obviously pondering where this whole thing was headed. He was still naked too, but not hard, and I felt my erection softening.

"So you want me to put my cock in your mouth," he said. "I've never had my cock sucked by a guy before."

"I'm sorry," I said. "I've got over-excited by the whole photo thing, and I'd rather we just call it quits now and stay friends if you can deal with that." 

"It's OK dude," he chuckled. "I've always figured there was a big bi thing going on with you the way you're naked all the time, so I'm not freaking out."

I felt a bit foolish, but less concerned that I might have destroyed the friendship. He was still naked too, and I realised I was still gently massaging my cock and balls. 

"Any shots with my face in get deleted, OK?" said Dan, screwing the camera to the tripod. 

Holy crap, he was seriously thinking about this. 

"Of course, I get that."

"And there's no way I'm sucking you, or any other dude come to that!"

Dan set the camera to take a snap every ten seconds. He kneeled beside me on the bed and I reached up to touch his balls with one hand, and stroke his growing erection with the other. The camera clicked again and again as his cock teased my lips. I kissed it, sucked it in gently, let it out again. Soon he was so hard it was almost touching his stomach. 

Dozens of clicks later and his cock was filling my mouth. I held his butt cheeks, pulling him closer. He sighed, and moaned. He was so hard in my mouth, his eyes closed, his body relaxed, warm. He was in a rhythm, slowly fucking my mouth, breathing deeply, groaning. "Oh fuck man, I'm gonna fill your mouth." 

"Suck it," he said, "Suck my cock," I could feel myself boiling up and hear the camera clicking as he pushed himself into my mouth further and further, anxious to get as much of his cock in as I could take.

Suddenly I felt his hand on my cock. I was so hard and horny I almost came at the first touch, but mostly I was trying not to gag as his hot meat filled my mouth and pushed down into my throat. The camera clicked constantly. He was moaning, his pubes on my face, his fat hot cock as far down my throat as I could handle, his hand pumping at me.

And then he came. I choked a bit on the first spurt, swallowed the second, and pulled back to get the last of it on my face. He pumped my cock with his hand as he unloaded. I came, and he kept wanking me, squeezing my cock as my own cum covered his hand, splashed my face and my chest, and soaked my stomach.

"Oh fuck James, why haven't we done that before!" he gasped, as I wiped his dick across my cheek and my tongue. His cum dripped from my chin. I took the whole of his cock as far into my mouth as I could, letting him feel the head of it against the back of my throat.

We held still. Him on his knees, naked, buried in my mouth. Me, coated in a mix of his cum and my own. Feeling like a cock slut, and exhilarated by it.

And then, Annie was in the room.