 While Jimmy and Maggie were enjoying their first term at college, Bonnie and Josh were having new experiences too. Their weekend in the tent did not remain a secret for long. At least not a total secret. Bonnie discussed her introduction to sex with her friend Heather.

"You shared a tent?"

"Uh-huh, and Josh promised before we got to the park that he'd sleep in the nude," Bonnie told her.

"And what about you? What did you wear?"

"Let's just say that before the weekend was over I wasn't wearing anything to sleep in either."

"So I'm right, aren't I? You have that something about your face that says you lost it with Josh."

"With our clothes off, it seemed the thing to do."

The two friends laughed. Anything to do with boyfriends and sex was a hot topic between the girls, and Bonnie was happy to share some details with Heather, but only about her sex with Josh. She left out the part about Jimmy and Maggie being there too, being nude together, and watching each other. No matter, because Heather enjoyed anything Bonnie wanted to share.

Bonnie had more than one reason to be so open with Heather. Heather was not only a good friend, she had a reputation. Heather's parents were well known around the area as unreformed hippies. They owned a local tea and herb store, they named their kids after plants or natural phenomena, and they were rumored to be sexually free. What everyone thought about the parents often applied to their kids. Some in the area admired their lifestyle, and others thought it disreputable. Bonnie was one who was curious and open-minded about them.

For one thing, she didn't want to hassle her friend about her parents. And, of course, she knew that her own sex life of late would not meet with approval from everyone either. Bonnie, however, was like others in assuming that Heather was as adventurous as her parents, meaning she figured she couldn't tell Heather anything that would shock her. Even so, Bonnie was beginning to wonder why Heather usually had nothing to say about her boyfriends.

So when Heather suggested a double date, Bonnie was happy to agree. At first, Josh was not so keen on the idea, but he went along with Bonnie.

"Heather's date, Zack, has a great car, and we're going to the drive-in."

"What's showing?"

"Does it matter?" Bonnie gave him a little smirk when she asked this, and Josh was ready to go.

Zack's car was special. He worked as a mechanic, and his hobby was restoring old cars. The one he was driving was an old Yellow cab. It had two spacious bench seats and lots of legroom in front and in back. In other words, it was like two beds on wheels.

Heather and Zack had been dating for a few weeks, and they had done no more than touching and feeling. Fortunately, Zack was patient. He really liked Heather, and he didn't want to ruin a good thing by pressuring her into sex.

Heather really liked Zack too, but she was wary of going too far too quickly. She knew what others thought of her folks and, therefore, about her. In a way, the reputation made her a bit more prudish because she didn't want any boy to think she would have sex with him so automatically. The longer she went out with Zack, though, the more she was thinking he was the one she wanted to be her first lover.

Still, inviting Bonnie and Josh along to the drive-in was a way of putting Zack off. Or that was the plan.

Things did not go as planned. The guys, who knew each other from a class in high school a couple years ago, hit it off well. At the diner before going to the drive-in, they joked a lot, and when Bonnie got in on the laughs, she brought up a more intimate kind of fun.

Zack had dropped a bit of ketchup on his shirt, which got them talking about embarrassing messes. Bonnie brought up the camping trip and said, "You guys should have seen Josh and me after we got caught in the rain. We got back to the tent, and I couldn't believe how soaked we were."

"I bet Josh offered to dry you off," Heather snickered.

"Oh, yeah. He even helped me get my wet things off. My shorts were so tight from the drenching that taking them off caused my panties to almost come off with them."

Heather laughed, but Zack was trying to picture the scene in his mind. He knew the scene continued too, but it was time to get going to the drive-in. It was a school night, so none of the high school kids were there, and finding a spot in the back away from other cars was easy. Pretty soon, it was dark, and no one was paying attention to the film.

The extra space they had in the back seat gave Josh a sense of privacy, as if the two in the front seat couldn't turn around and see them. Bonnie felt the same sense in a way, but she also figured she didn't care if Zack or Heather turned around to look. She enjoyed the shared nudity with Jimmy and Maggie, and although she hadn't told Josh about it, she liked being nude around Jimmy at home.

Soon enough, kissing moved on to feeling, and feeling moved on to undressing. Bonnie pulled Josh's shirt over his head, and Josh returned the favor. Bonnie reached for Josh's zipper, and Josh had hers down quickly too. Once they each had lost their shorts, Bonnie lay back with a smile, inviting Josh to finish the job. As he reached for her panties, she undid the clasp on her bra. Josh was putting their clothes on the floor, but she draped her bra over the back of the front seat .

Heather and Zack could hardly have ignored the subtle sounds coming from the back seat, the sighs, the rasp of zippers, and the rustle of clothes. They didn't say anything to each other, cuddling and listening. If they were trying to avoid acknowledging what was going on, the sight of the large bra over the seat was a sign they couldn't misinterpret.

"God, they're really going at it," Zack whispered.

"Does it bother you?"

"No. You?"

"No, it's nothing that strange."

Zack didn't quite understand what she meant by that, but he didn't think about it that long. The sounds were having an effect on Heather, and he was enjoying her more passionate kissing and touching.

Heather was feeling torn. She intended to slow down their relationship and didn't plan on sex with Zack there and then. In another part of her mind, though, she wondered why she couldn't just do what so many others could do.

She didn't explain what she meant by saying it was nothing strange. She didn't think she could explain, about how what everyone assumed about her family was mostly true and that, rather than strange, the nudity of others was familiar to her. Her parents were quite free sexually, and they set no limits on their adult children.

Her older sister, Aurora, was traveling overseas at the time, and her older brother, Sage, was living at home and working as a freelance writer and poet. Since they had turned 18, both of them were allowed to walk around the house nude, bring lovers home, and use the hot tub, sometimes joining their parents, who also practiced home nudism. Her parents had a rule about not flaunting too much nudity in front of their underage children, but that restriction had disappeared. Heather was already 19, and she had seen both her parents, Aurora, and Sage in the nude often, along with some of their friends. Heather, though, had yet to feel comfortable enough to join them and leave her clothes off at home.

In a way, it was the behavior of a rebellious teenager. Her mother still had her long, straight hair. Heather kept her hair cut shorter. Her mother, when dressed, never wore a bra, even at the shop, a fact many boys knew from getting a peek down her blouse as she scooped tea or coffee from a bin. Heather always wore a bra, despite the fact that she hardly needed it. To her, her breasts looked like some invisible fingers were pulling her nipples out from her chest, leaving her dark nipples atop pointy, little mounds. They were not, to her way of thinking, the breasts of a sexually free woman. All in all, Heather seemed as if she was always behaving in ways that didn't fit with the expectations of others.

At the time, though, the atmosphere in the care was making her more inclined to give in to her more wanton desires. The sounds from the back seat continued. Zack moved to the floor of the car, kneeling next to her as he eased her onto her back. He took off his own shirt and resumed kissing her. She liked the warmth of his skin and impulsively decided he should get to feel the same sensation. When his hands grasped her shirt, she raised herself slightly to allow him to pull it up and off.

She was a little surprised when his hands reached behind her before she could lie down again, but on another impulse she didn't move, and he unclipped her bra. Heather dropped to her back a bit quickly, and Zack thought maybe she was trying to hold onto her bra. In a moment, though, she smiled at him and relaxed her arms. As he slipped her bra straps down and off, pulling it away, she bit her lip, looking at him anxiously to see if he was pleased with her small breasts. He was.

After more kissing and feeling, Zack straightened up and looked at her. She knew what he was hoping. She reached for his zipper and, slowly so as to make no noise, she opened his shorts. Loose, they dropped, and he shifted his legs to remove them. Resuming his position, Zack looked at her again as before, and she reached for the waistband of his briefs. Her hands slipped the underwear off carefully, again hoping to make no sound that could be heard in the back seat. Even as she fretted that Bonnie and Josh would know what they were doing, Heather kept her eyes on Zack, wanting to see his penis, the first one she was looking at out of her own desire.

Zack finished removing his pants, and seeing him nude, Heather was distracted from the fact that Zack was opening her shorts as well and slipping them off. Soon enough, she was almost nude, down to her skimpy boyshorts. Zack and Heather seemed to ease up by mutual agreement then. She let his hands roam over as much of her body as was exposed, and she kept holding his penis, slowly stroking it and exploring its details and texture.

"Oh, Zack, you naughty boy. You've got no clothes on."

Bonnie's comment caught them by surprise. Of course, they couldn't know she was repeating her own quip from when she first saw Jimmy nude in the tent. They only knew she was leaning forward, elbows perched on the seatback, looking at them. Heather had immediately let go of his penis and covered her breasts with her hands, but Zack was too stunned to react. He felt ridiculously exposed as Bonnie took in the sight of his erection, but he couldn't move to cover himself.

Bonnie sensed this and said, "Sorry to intrude, but don't feel embarrassed. You have a nice body."

As she spoke, she lifted up a bit, and even Heather, still reclined on the seat, could see Bonnie's large breasts come into view. More, they both could see those breasts bouncing, and they realized she was kneeling on the edge of the back seat as Josh was making love to her from behind. Bonnie did not continue to look at them, as her eyes closed in a dreamy way and she moaned with each bounce. It was only moments, but the fleshy display seemed to last longer, ending finally with Bonnie exhaling a long, satisfied breath.

Bonnie moved herself aside from Josh, who fell back on the seat, but she remained leaning forward, even resting her breasts on the seatback so Zack could still see them.

"Pardon us for getting so out of control," Bonnie said, "but it looks like we aren't the only ones."

As she said this, she looked back at Josh with a nod of her head toward the front seat. Josh took the gesture as an invitation, and he leaned forward to peek over the seat. He saw Zack, still on his knees with an erection, and Heather, wearing only panties and covering her breasts with her hands. Both Josh and Bonnie realized that Heather wasn't that comfortable with the situation.

"Maybe they want to be alone now," Bonnie said, and she sat back and pulled Josh after her. But Heather's curiosity made her sit up and look back. He eyes were used to the dark, so she could make out Josh's wet penis, still half erect and resting on his stomach. The thickness of Bonnie's pubic hair was also easily seen in spite of the darkness.

"You guys do it often?" Heather asked.

"Whenever we can," Bonnie answered.

Josh added, "We should be getting our own place soon, but until then, opportunities don't come along that often. And by the way, I really love this car, Zack."

Zack got up on the seat behind Heather so he could better hear what they were saying. He could see Bonnie's body then. His penis pressed against Heather's back, and she wondered if the sight of Bonnie's breasts or just her fuller figure in general was turning him on. As they talked, Zack reached around Heather's chest and pushed a hand under hers, gently rubbing her breast and pressing himself against her as if making love to her back.

Heather then asked, "Is it everything it's supposed to be?"

"Heather, it's that and more," Bonnie replied. "I can hardly stop myself once my clothes are off and there's a naked guy around."

"Do you love Josh?"

This question surprised Bonnie, but she answered quickly, "I love what he does to me, and I love him all the more because of what he does to me." 

Zack was still moving his penis against her back and playing with her breasts. Bonnie's answer put into words what she was feeling. Zack's penis and hands gave her another answer as to his attraction to herself, and she realized that she loved him for it. Heather finally let her hands drop away from her chest so that Zack could run his hands over her breasts more freely. Josh, who was leaning forward as the conversation went on, could see her breasts then, and she let him look, wondering if they were too small for his attention. Josh gave her a smile at the sight.

But Heather had gone as far as she could then. Stripping Zack nude, seeing Josh and Bonnie make love, letting the boys see her almost naked, it had been quite an evening. Heather even wished that she could take that next step, take off her panties, and make love with Zack. It would just be too close to doing what was expected, though, and that part of her mind rebelled and wouldn't give in yet.

In a short while, they were all dressed again and on the way home. After dropping Josh and Bonnie off, Heather thought Zack was such a sweetie for not trying to take her out to some lonely spot and pressuring her to go farther. He kissed her just as sweetly when he left her at her house. If he was frustrated, he didn't know that she was too in her own way.

Once inside, Heather knew her parents were home and out on the deck in the hot tub with friends. From a bit of overheard conversation, she guessed that the other couple were Don and Maria, their longtime friends and co-managers of the tea and herb shop. Their Mexican heritage gave the shop a sort of exotic expertise when coffees were added to the offerings. In any case, the two couples had been lovers almost as long as they had been business associates.

As often as she had seen her parents nude, Heather had seen Don and Maria nude only on a couple of occasions, and those were more accidental. They came over so often it was bound to happen. She deliberately stayed away when her parents were entertaining any other swinging partners, and she never saw Don and Maria while they and her parents were playing.

Tonight was different. She had resisted certain desires, but she remained on an erotic edge. She could have simply gone to the family room and looked out the large window, but they likely would have seen her. In fact, she could probably have gone out on the deck if she wanted, joining them in the hot tub or not, and they wouldn't have cared. Heather wasn't ready for such a direct encounter, though, and she went upstairs.

In her room, she undressed and tossed all her clothes in the hamper. She thought about getting in bed, and she knew that would be followed by touching herself between her legs. As if that were an expectation, she resisted the impulse and went to the door of her room. Sage wasn't home, so she opened the door and stepped out into the hall.

Being nude in the hall was a small challenge, but she wasn't out of her room for that kind of thrill. She crossed into Aurora's room. Since Aurora had left the country, Heather knew she was welcome to move into this larger room, and she had been planning to bring her stuff in soon. For the moment, she came in for the view. Aurora's room looked over the deck, and from the window, she could see the four adults in the hot tub without being noticed.

What she saw startled and excited her. The four of them had obviously been in the tub for some time. Clothes were tossed on chairs, wine glasses were set nearby, and the wine bottle was nearly empty. As if the wine wasn't enough, Heather noted the distinct smell of marijuana, or Mary Jane, as her parents liked to call it. So it was a casual scene Heather spied.

But not so casual as to be sleepy. No, her dad and Don were seated opposite each other on the tub's rim. Maria sat next to her dad, and her mom was beside Don. Heather's mom had small breasts not much bigger than hers, and Maria's breasts were larger, but not much bigger than average. With her darker complexion, Maria's nipples were a distinctively deeper brown. Each of the men had an erection. Heather had seen her dad's a couple times before in the morning, but Don's stubbier erection was a new sight. As they talked, Maria would stroke her dad's penis, and her mom was doing the same to Don's. The men were touching the women as well.

Clearly, no one cared one way or the other about breast size or penis size. The mutual fondling continued until, as if on cue, the women each ducked their heads and began sucking the penis they had been stroking. Their stimulation of the men lasted a few minutes, and the women resumed their places on the tub's rim, now side by side, opened their legs, and welcomed the penetration of the other's husband.

Their lovemaking had a slow, intense rhythm to it, and seeing how Maria and her mom threw back their heads and shut their eyes in a transport of pleasure, Heather recognized the expression from Bonnie's face earlier that evening.

"Beautiful, huh?"

Heather was shocked out of her reverie. Sage stood beside her, looking at the scene.

An overwhelming confusion took hold of her. "When did he come in? Is he saying mom is beautiful? Or Maria? Or, no, he must mean the four of them together. Or me? Oh, my god! I'm nude. He can see me nude!"

These thoughts flashed through her mind. Her eyes turned toward him and then back to the scene below. Her mom and Maria were reaching their orgasms, and even caught in the nude by her brother, she couldn't turn away from that sight. Focusing on their bliss also allowed her to keep her back to Sage. If he was going to see her body, at least it would only be her backside.

"Cat got your tongue? Don't you think they're beautiful like that? I mean, there is nothing so lovely as a body in ecstasy."

Heather now noticed that, as he spoke, Sage was getting undressed. He often came home and took a quick shower before going to bed. When he peeled off his boxers, she noticed he was partially erect.

"Yes, it's beautiful," she said, and she quickly realized how her words could be taken in different ways. "I mean them. Not that you don't look good too, but I meant how they can still have so much fun, even with bodies that they must be so used to."

"Well, it doesn't hurt that they all keep in such god shape. And while we're on the subject, may I say how well you take after mom."

Heather thought then how cool Sage had been about finding her in the nude. Without drawing lots of attention to the fact that he had never seen her that way before, he behaved as if they were discussing nothing more significant than the weather, and the only reference he made to her body was a subtle compliment.
