 This story is strongly focused on Cuckolding and Group Sex with some forced-bi.  Not for everyone, but written for a very special friend.

-----------

Mark and Julia had been waiting to check out the new fetish club for a couple of months, but with travel for work and other commitments had never made it until tonight. They had hooked up with two friends in the line to get into the club, whom they'd not seen for a while – Penny and Steven. 

Penny and Julia were old friends from uni, and whilst Mark was very aware of their history together, as the main attraction at several parties, Steven was completely oblivious to any shared history. Julia was just someone Penny had known from uni, but nothing more. 

Finally getting through the door the girls checked their trench coats at the door, immediately going from normal people to sex goddesses. Penny, in her thigh high CFM boots, tiny skirt barely covering her ass, and silver corset contrasting against her dark Asian skin, was immediately one of the most desirable women in the club. 

Julia, however, was more of a traditional fetish-ised school teacher. White shirt gaping wide open, held together only by a leather waste cincher forcing her breasts up and into view. A tight pencil skirt with a slit up to her waste gave a tantalising view of her stockings and suspenders, ending in vibrant pink pumps with 7" heals. The two girls looked at each other, and immediately began whispering in each others ears about all the guys who just turned to start watching them. 

Mark had no need to take off a jacket – Wearing a long flowing leather coat billowing out as he walked, showing off tight leather pants and enormous shit kicker boots with chains and studs. 

And then there was the fourth member of the group. Steven had made an effort, but deep down he was still quite normal. Leather pants (nice, but not tight enough), Docs, and a black T-shirt 

The four of them headed to the bar, where a round of shooters was consumed as they headed for the dance floor to get the evening started. 

They all started dancing together, moving backwards and forwards across the dance floor, rubbing up against each other, and then away. The girls seemed especially affectionate tonight, but who would object? Two beautiful women together on a dance floor. 

After twenty minutes Julia grabbed Penny and Mark by the hand. "Ok. Upstairs. I need to see the new cross. I heard it is like an angle table, but with things that make it look like you're spiked to it." Mark responded "Cool. I tried to build one of those at uni, but could never get the grips to hold." 

Steven looked at him with some confusion; "You what?" 

"I built a crucifix, for a girlfriend. Spreadable legs, and arm restraints, but I could never work out how to hold the weight well enough. Come on, or we'll lose them for the night." 

The guys jogged up the stairs, trying to keep track of the girls. Thankfully Julia's flame red hair was fairly easy to spot, and with the heals she stood over most the girls at the club. 

They caught up to the girls who were standing at the entrance to a door-less room. A tall blond with huge firm tits was on the crucifix, looking more Mary Magdolin that Jesus Chris. Her nipples were clamped, with a chain running between them. She had another clamp on her clit, which was joined to the crucifix Mark was trying to work out why, when Penny explained, "It's an elctro-clamp. See the dial on the side of the cross? It's a voltage control." 

At that a man in full leather outfit reached out and turned the dial. The girl screamed out in beautiful agony. Mark looked across and saw Julia casually stroking Penny's ass. Steven hadn't noticed. 

Over the next couple of hours they wandered around the club. Each time they thought of joining in, a rig would be closed for a break or the room full. So it was pretty much drinking, dancing and watching. A sure fire combination to get four people horny in a fetish club. The girls kept up their dancing and whispering all night, as Mark and Steven danced around them and got more drinks. 

At about 2am Penny and Steven decided to called it a night. As they were about to leave, Julia asked if they could get a ride back to their house to call a taxi. It's always easier to get a taxi to a house than to a club. Penny agreed, although Steven looked a little pissed. 

Julia saw the look. "Don't worry Steven. We won't come in and ruin your night. We just need a house to tell them to come to." 

Ten minutes later they were back at the front door of Penny's place. "You called already?" "Yup. They should be here in five minutes." 

"OK. Have a good night guys." 

"You too." 

Steven and Penny disappeared in side, and then Julia came out with it. 

"Honey, there is no taxi. And Penny has a favour to ask." 

Mark hadn't seen this coming. "OK. I'll bight. What's the favour?" 

"So, Steven likes to be cuckolded. They've had some guys they found via a website come to fuck her whilst Steven watches." 

"Seriously?" 

"Yeah. And you'll love this. Black guys. He's into watching her get fucked by black guys. Anyway, not important. The problem is, they're just in it for the sex. There isn't much actual cuckolding going on. So she wants some help. " 

"OK. I can see where this is going, but spell it out just in case." 

"So right about now she's putting a cock holder on him. You know, one of those things that stops him getting hard. Then she's going to tie him up in a chair, as if to do a striptease. He's expecting some guy to turn up around 2:30, but that's not going to happen. Instead she'd like us to come in and.. well.. fuck her." Marks eyebrow went up. " Abuse and humiliate him like a proper cuck." 

"Seriously? So what's she looking for?" 

"Anything. Everything. Apparently she has a strap-on I can borrow. So I'm guessing some DP. Lots of oral, obviously. And loud. And the abuse. Think you are up to it?" 

"Once a Sargent, always a Sargent. Just point me at the limp dicked cocksucker who can't keep his wife satisfied and gets off watching real men fucking her ass." 

"I'll take that as a yes. You're fantastic. Penny said she'd make it up to us." 

"Seriously? How? If fucking her is the bad bit, I can't wait to see what her idea of making us even is!". Mark grinned at Julia, as Julia's phone beeped. 

"That's our cue. Here, let me get you hard." Julia reached across an unzipped Marks leather pants, and took out his dick – it was almost too hard to bring out through the zip. "OK. No need to get you hard." She reached down and kissed the tip. 

Pulling her shirt wider apart so that her tit's were on full display, Julia opened the door, loudly announcing "Honey! There isn't a taxi yet, and something is wrong with my mobile. Can I borrow your phone?" They started walking towards the bedroom, where they knew what was waiting. 

"Honey, are you in here? You can't have gone to sleep already." 

They heard a quite voice; "Penny. He's going to be here soon. Get them out of here." 

As they walked into the room, it was exactly as Mark had imagined. Steven was tied to a chair in the corner, his dick contained in a tiny plastic cage. It was hard to work out if it was a small dick before it went into the cage, but at this point it didn't matter. Steven was pitiful. 

Penny, however, was a sex goddess She had dispensed with her tiny skirt, and now stood in the room wearing her thigh high CFM boots, corset pulled down beneath her small but firm tits, with a tiny g-string covering her pussy. The silver corset made her dark skin almost radiant. 

She looked at Julia and Mark as they walked in. "Oh there you are." She walked over to Julia and gave her a long kiss. As she turned to Mark she whispered in his ear; "No kissing you – that's my rule. Just like Julia's rule is you can't fuck my pussy. But I'm sure you'll make do." Penny gave him a quick peck on the cheek, then bent down and sucked on his dick into her mouth giving it several deep sucks before standing up. 

Penny turned back to Steven. "So you thought it would be the annoying black guy again? Fuck that. I told him it was off. Tonight I'm going to get fucked properly. And you're going to watch." 

Steven seemed to realise that the fantasy was about to become more real. "But honey, I..." He never finished the sentence, as Mark stepped towards him. 

"SHUT THE FUCK UP, ASS HOLE. You want to pimp your wife out to anyone who'll fuck her? Have some guy you've never met come in her and stick his dick wherever he wants? Well guess what. You're going to get it. And you're not going to like it. If you're lucky you'll get to clean up, but if you open your mouth once more without permission I'll put a gag in it and turn that chair to face the wall so you can only listen. Be good and you can watch us fuck your wife in all her tight little holes until the sun comes up. Do you understand?" 

Steven meekly responded. "Yes Sir." 

Mark waved for Penny to come over to him. "Good. Now, tell me again what we're going to do with your wife?" Mark whispered in Penny's ear "Get down on your knees. Let him see what your mouth can really do, and what he's missing." 

Steven almost whispered. "You are going to have my wife." 

Penny knelt down and started sucking on Mark's dick, licking the shaft and then taking it down her throat, all the while making sure Steven had a clear view. 

Mark turned on him. "We are going to HAVE your wife? Mate, we are going to FUCK your wife. Try again." 

Steven looked like he was about to start to cry. "You are going to fuck my wife. You're going to use her like a sex toy. You and Julia are going to use her however you want." 

Mark took a step back, his dick coming out of Penny's mouth. "WE ARE NOT GOING TO USE HER! SHE IS NOT A FUCKING TOY FOR YOUR AMUSEMENT TO BE PASSED AROUND TO YOUR FUCKING FRIENDS. WE ARE GOING TO FUCK HER BECAUSE SHE IS A WOMAN WHO NEEDS SOMETHING YOU CAN'T GIVE HER. YOU AND THAT TINY FUCKING DICK OF YOURS. I'M AMAZED IT'S EVEN FILLING THAT CAGE. NOW SHUT YOUR MOUTH." 

Julia had been standing at the side of the room watching, with a grin on her face. She would happily have delivered the verbal assault, but once a training Sargent, always a training Sargent. She knew to never ever interrupt. "Penny. Come over here. Come and show me what you want." 

Penny stood, and walked over to Julia who immediately hugged her, and they began to slowly and tenderly kiss each other. Mark walked over behind them, and started kissing and bitting Penny's neck, his hands straying down her back to her ass, and then around to pull Julia closer to Penny. 

They stood kissing and fondling for several minutes, before moving towards the king sized bed. 

Almost without communication Julia straddled Penny's face, as Mark went down on Penny. Penny's tongue stretched out to lick Julia's shaven pussy, pushing about it's folds to find the spot which would give the most pleasure. Having found the magic spot she started to flick her tongue back and forwards. 

Mark meanwhile had moved his tongue from Penny's pussy, around to her ass. Lovingly licking around her ass hole, and starting to flick his tongue into the tight opening. Taking Penny's moans as approval he spent the next 10 minutes making sure she was good, wet, and ready for a proper ass fucking. Mark began to move into position when Julia stopped him. 

"Honey. I'll do that if you don't mind." 

"Uhh... What? Your turn to fuck her ass with your enormous invisible dick?" 

Penny spoke up. "No. She can fuck me with my enormous black strap-on. It comes with an inner dildo for her cunt. She will be filled while she fucked me" She had a smile like a cat who had drunk all the cream. "YOU get to fuck my face. And I do mean fuck it soldier." 

Mark watched with interest as Julia reached down the side of the bed and picked up a contraption which looked like a climbing rig. Taking a second she slowly slid of her hitched up dress, and stepped into the harness sliding the inner dildo in her pussy. She moaned slightly. When she was done she had a 10" solid silicone cock. 

Mark shook his head. "Well I didn't see that coming." He turned to Steven, still in his chair. "How about you sunshine. Did you see that coming? I'll be it's a change to watch it being used on someone other than you for a change. Don't worry. You'll get your chance later, if you're lucky." 

Julia walked to the foot of the bed, and Penny moved down giving perfect access to her pert dark ass. Julia pressed the tip of the dildo against Penny's ass, and began to push. "Oh yeah.. That's it. Stick it in my ass." Julia pushed further and moaned harder as she too felt the thrust. "Oh yes. I love that in my ass. Fuck me." Julia started thrusting in and out, slowly filling Penny's ass. Moaning in unison as they both got pleasured. 

"Oh that is fantastic. I love being fucked by a big dick. I love having my ass filled." She turned to Mark. "Now get your dick over here Mark. I need something in my mouth too." 

Mark moved to the bed, and with some careful manoeuvring managed to sit upright at the bed head, his legs bent over Penny's shoulders, and his balls in front of her mouth. Penny's tongue came out of her mouth and started licking around his balls. "Shit. And I thought his were big." Taking his balls in her mouth she slowly sucked on them before taking his shaft back in her mouth. 

Mark threaded his fingers through her black hair, forcing her to take his dick further down her throat. He watched the contrast of his dick against her dark features as he thrust in and out of her mouth, fucking it like any other hole. He slowly, lovingly, stroked her face before grabbing the back of her neck and slamming his hard dick down her throat, both of them moaning in pleasure. 

After several minutes of moaning as her ass was solidly fucked by Julia's strap-on, and her mouth thoroughly fucked by Mark, she called a stop. "OK. Time to take a break. I think it's my turn to fuck Julia." 

Julia was about to take off the harness, when she turned to Steven. "OK Steven. Time to work for your Mistress. Clean this off. Get it ready for her to use," As he opened his mouth to say something Julia shoved the dildo into his mouth, and started to face fuck him. 

"Go on. Give it a good clean. Take it in your mouth." Steven started sucking like an expert, and soon had the entire dildo down his throat. "Good Steven. Lick you Mistress's ass juice off the dildo." Steven's eyes opened, as if he had forgotten what the dildo had just been used for. 

Julia stepped back and took off the harness. "Your turn sexy." Penny gave her a kiss and started putting on the harness. She turned back to Julia "Can you take Steven's ropes off? I've got something in mind for him once I've finished with you." 

Mark was slowly stroking his dick, having not moved from the top of the bed as Penny got the strap-on. "Ok Julia. Assume the spit roast position." Julia lay down on the bed in the same position as Penny had been, making sure she had her mouth around Mark's balls before she motioned for Penny to mount her. 

"A little lube, and PRESTO" Penny shoved the whole length of the dildo straight into Julia's ass without any warning. Julia yelped, and then started moaning as Penny fucked her hard and fast. 

Julia took Mark's balls out of her mouth, and started licking down towards his ass. With each pounding thrust of the dildo her tongue moved slightly closer to Mark's ass. Eventually she started licking around the hole itself, just as Mark had been doing for Penny. They both moaned as their asses were played with. 

Penny was truly enjoying herself, when she turned to Steven. "What are you looking at? You want some of this? You want to get some of Mistresses attention? Well bend over. Go on. Over the stool. And if you touch yourself I'll throw you into the street just like you are for someone else to find and pick up with the rubbish." 

Steven didn't say a word, but turned and bent over the stool next to the bed. Penny pulled out of Julia's ass and walked up to Steven. As before, but this time without the lube, she just pushed the strap-on into his ass. "Arghh.. fuck.." 

Mark yelled at him "DON'T SPEAK SHIT HEAD. She's good enough to fuck you. You should say thank you, and then shut the hell up. Now APOLOGISE!" 

Penny started thrusting as hard as she could, obviously trying to stop him speaking properly. 

"Sorry Mistress. Thank you for fucking me. Thank you. I'm sorry. Thank you" 

"ENOUGH! Shut up you snivelling sod." 

Julia's tongue was now firmly entering Mark's ass, as she jerked him off. "God, I'm going to cum soon" he muttered. 

Penny looked across with a look of urgency on her face. "Cum in my ass. Get over here and cum in my ass." No man needs to be told twice. He pulled away from Julia, and entered her well worn and open ass. 

Three hard thrusts and he was spurting cum into her bowels With a guttural yell he screamed as the last stream of cum left his balls. He pulled out, collapsing on the chair Steven had been in before. 

Penny was ready. "Julia, honey. Get Mark hard again. Steven. My ass seems to be leaking something. Please be a dear and clean it out." 

"err.. What? You want me to.." 

Mark turned on the cuck. "EAT MY CUM OUT OF HER ASS YOU STUPID FUCK. GO ON. USE YOUR TONGUE AND GET EVERY LAST DROP OF SPERM OUT OF HER DIRTY ASS AND SWALLOW IT. NOW!" 

Penny bent over and started licking Julia's ass, as she in turn sucked on Mark. Steven crawled on his knees towards the three of them. "That's right Steven. Lowest on the food chain. Last in the train. Enjoy." 

Steven started licking Penny's ass, trying bravely to retrieve all the cum from his Mistresses ass. Penny stopped licking Julia for a moment and looked up at Mark, starring deep into his eyes. "Honey. Can you do me the biggest most amazing favour?" 

Mark had NO idea what that could be, but his dick was hard again. "Fire away." 

She whispered. "Fuck his ass. Take him hard. Making him feel a real man. Nothing plastic. Do this for me, and I'll do whatever you want. I'll wear your collar. Anything. Please do this." 

Mark looked down at Julia. She looked up with unbridled lust in her yes. "Oh my god. I've always wanted to see you do that. Teach the lazy shit a lesson. Show him how weak he is." 

Mark stood up, and walked behind Steven who was still licking out Penny's ass. 

"So Steven. Let's just show you how little of a man you are. I've fucked your wife's ass and face. I've cum in her ass. Now I'm going to fuck your ass you snivelling weak piece of shit. And you're going to know for ever that another man just took you. Not because you wanted it, but because you were too weak to stop it." 

Without another word Mark shoved his dick into Steven's hairy ass. Well opened from the dildo fucking by Penny he slid in with ease. Julia turned and sat in the chair where Mark had been, and Penny climbed into her lap like a cat. The two girls watching the final complete Cuckolding of Steven. 

Mark fucked Steven for several minutes, all the time watching the loving lust filled eyes of Penny and Julia – at that moment the two most perfect and beautiful women in the world. They stroked each others hair. Their breasts. Their stomachs. Their clits. They gently nibbled at each others ears and necks. The two had become a beacon of sexuality to be watched and adored by Mark. 

"Now shit head. I'm getting ready to cum. Where would your Mistress like me to deposit my load?" 

"Julia. Can you help me please?" Penny slid off the chair. "Steven. Mark is going to cum in your mouth. And you're going to swallow it, just like you expect me to do for you when you can get it up." Steven had given up all resistance. 

Mark slipped himself out of Steven's back passage. "Turn around Steven." 
