 Author's Note: 

This story is mostly just a bunch of fun, naughty fantasies; if you're looking for something with a lot of plot and character development, this isn't it and I don't want to waste your time. If you're just looking for some smutty word porn, I hope you enjoy!

While this story involves group sex, it also touches on some very, very mild BDSM themes: sexual denial/teasing, control, submission, light bondage, spankings. It's not a lot, but I thought it was worth warning people since this story kind of overlaps categories some. 

********************

Chapter 1

The smell of chlorine filled Sean's nostrils as he rose up out of the heated pool water. The rivulets of water streaming down his chest sent a chill through him, but it didn't bother him. All that mattered was catching his wife as she tried to swim away from him in a fit of giggles. Catching her wrist, he pulled her in close, wrapping his arms around her as she playfully struggled to break free. After a few seconds, she ceased her struggles and looked up at him as he smiled down at her.

They had not been at the pool long, but already Sean and Allie felt more relaxed after their long day of travel. Sean had to meet with a potential client, and rather than leave her home he had paid for his wife's plane ticket so that she could come with him. Just getting a chance to see his happy young wife with her long red hair, smooth skin, full breasts, and curvy waist in her tiny purple bikini had made it worth every penny.

Slipping out of Sean's grip Allie pulled away and splashed Sean in the face before throwing herself backwards away from him. She struggled to swim as she laughed at the look on his face. If she wasn't so intent on getting away from him, she'd probably have just sat there, staring at the way the water ran down his lean, muscular physique. Not that it mattered, soon enough he caught her again, squeezing her tight as he chuckled.

Her husband wasn't a large man, average height at best. But compared to her petite height he seemed to tower over her. Crushing her full chest against his, he leaned down and kissed the side of her neck. It was a gentle thing, simple, nothing really. Yet it made her eyes close and breath catch. A tightness formed in her stomach and a familiar warmth came alive between her legs. When she wrapped her legs around Sean, pulling their bodies closer together, she could feel the hard bulge growing between his legs.

Opening her eyes, she scanned his deep blue eyes, seeing her own desire mirrored in his gaze. The sudden laughter of a child, followed by a splash broke the spell; Sean's arms releasing her. As much as they wanted one another, there were too many families around, enjoying a post-dinner swim.

Breaking apart, the two returned to their playfulness from a minute before. But it no longer held the same interest it once had. Instead they used their playfulness to hide the careful, subtle touches that hinted at what they both wanted.

By the time the last family left the pool, Sean felt as if his mind was lost in a sexual frenzy. His need to take Allie into his arms, to control her, to pleasure her as she pleasured him had become all consuming. Gone was all pretense of play, subtlety replaced by open desire.

Grabbing her roughly, Sean picked Allie up in the water and she quickly wrapped her legs around him. With her breasts pressing into his hard chest, he could feel her hard nipples through the purple string bikini that barely kept them covered.

With Allie in his arms Sean carried her over to the side of the pool as they kissed -- her tongue snaking into his mouth, his lips pulling on her lower lip. Reaching the edge of the pool, Sean put her down and turned her around. Pushing against her from behind, he wrapped his arm around her. His forearm crossed her chest, pushing between her heavenly breasts and his hand grabbed her shoulder. As Allie braced herself on the concrete around the pool, Sean's other hand gently moved her dark, wet hair from around her neck, leaving the side of her neck naked apart from the purple string from her top. 

Allie leaned her head to the left, exposing more of her neck as Sean began to kiss her neck once more, this time moving slowly from just behind her ear down to her shoulder. Occasionally, he would swap a kiss for a light bite on the delicate skin of her neck. With each bite, Allie pushed her round ass back against his crotch, feeling Sean's swelling arousal press back against her. In front of Allie, the pool's spout pulsed water against the front of her thong, causing her to shiver with pleasure as Sean's arm tightened around her, crushing her against his body as he continued to kiss her neck.

When he felt her head roll back onto his shoulder and heard her moan, Sean knew she was his. If he wanted to he could take her right there in the pool. Anyone could walk in and find them. Anyone could pass by and see them through the big glass windows separating the pool from the rest of the hotel. But at this point it wouldn't matter, all he'd have to do was slip her thong to the side and take her. She wouldn't even pretend to object. 

Kissing back up to her ear, he whispered, "Not yet." Allie responded with an illicit moan of desire and disappointment as she pushed herself back against him, trying to wordlessly persuade him to change his mind.

Grinning to himself, Sean slowly detached himself from Allie and climbed the ladder out of the pool. Up on the concrete, he reached down and peeled the suit away from his legs so that it wasn't stuck to his crotch. It didn't really help. He was too aroused to hide it and he didn't really care that it showed. 

Striding over to the public shower, Sean stepped under the cold spray to wash the chlorine from his lightly tanned body and turned around just as Allie stepped under the water to join him. They embraced again, his hand wandering down over his wife's thong bottoms and squeezing her ass as they kissed. He turned, pulling her with him, so that she could have her turn under the cold spray. Allie pulled back in shock and gasped at the cold water running down across her chest, torturing her already hard nipples. The cold water caused her body to break out in goosebumps, but by the time it was over she felt surprisingly refreshed. 

Once they had dried off, and thrown on some clothes they headed for the elevator. Allie hit the button for the sixteenth floor and quickly push the button to close the doors.

"God, I fucking need you," she said, her innocent voice sounding so needy. Then, with a sexy little smile, she dropped to her knees.

Allie looked up at him, her light blue eyes opened wide as she removed the towel from his waist and unlaced his swim suit. She felt a little shiver run through her as Sean slid his hand behind her head, running his fingers through her damp hair. Encouraged by his touch she began to pull his shorts away from his body, giving her a glimpse of his brown trimmed hair and the thick base of his hard cock.

But before she could pull his shorts down, Sean's hand tightened in her hair and he pulled her back to her feet. Using the fistful of her hair, he pressed her hard against the wall of the elevator and forced his leg between hers. The wet swimsuit clung to his leg and he could feel the heat from her sex on his exposed thigh as he used it to tease his wife. 

"Sorry, baby," he whispered into her ear, smiling at her soft moans of desire and frustration. "Not yet."

A moment later the elevator halted and they each grabbed their towels off the floor and repositioned them. Sean wrapped his tightly around his waist in a poor attempt to hide his arousal. 

They made their way quickly to the room and as they arrived they found a young woman, carrying her luggage, struggling to get her own door open. Her narrow face and dark eyes had an exhausted look, and her long black hair was a mess. Sean figured she must have just arrived from the nearby airport, and had spent even more time travelling than they had. They all smiled to one another and a she gave them a polite little wave before she managed to open her door, and Sean opened theirs.

Chapter 2

As soon as the door shut behind him, Sean flipped the lock at the top of the door and dropped his towel. Allie's towel was already in a heap on the floor, so he swept her up into his arms; her legs draped across his forearm, her head resting against his other bicep. Rushing into the room he tossed her onto the disheveled bed, watching as her beautiful breasts bounced when she landed on the large soft bed. 

The sheets were still strewn across the bed from their earlier lovemaking, when they had arrived that afternoon. It was already apparent to each of them that this time would be different; no soft kisses and tender touches like what had marked the passing of their afternoon.

Allie stretched her body on the bed, her legs extended and painted toes pointing to the bottom of the bed as her hands reached for the headboard. As Sean joined her she let out a soft sigh of contentment and reached out to touch him. Her fingers ran lightly over the stubble on his face as he bent down to kiss her deeply. Allie's back arched and he could feel the soft, wonderful curves of her chest pressing against him as they kissed. 

Reaching under her, Sean pulled the tiny purple string behind her back. Shifting his weight, his other hand slipped behind her neck and untied the top string. Rising up slightly, he noticed the pillows around them and knocked them away to the floor. Then he adjusted himself slightly so that he was lying between her legs.

Allie's legs instinctively wrapped themselves around Sean's so she could use the leverage to grind her mound against his crotch through their swimsuits. As she pushed against his hardness, she felt him push himself up and then he grabbed her throat. Placing his thumb under her chin he pressed so that she was looking up towards the wall behind her. Suddenly his lips were on her neck once more, peppering her tender skin with another series of hungry kisses. His lips moving down one side to the swell of her full breast and then back up her neck, making her melt with desire. 

His hand grasped her thigh tightly for a moment as he worked to control the incredible need filling him, centered entirely on the throbbing hardness jutting from between his legs and grinding so deliciously against his wife's thong covered sex. Once he had himself under control, his hand moved upward. 

It skimmed across her soft belly and found the curve of the underside of her breast. As Sean continued to kiss and bite at Allie's neck his hand worked its way up her ample breast till his thumb found where her smooth pale skin met the rough rosy edge of her nipple. Teasing her, he ran his thumb just around that edge, taking care to never touch the hardening tip. As he did, he could feel her moan vibrating in her throat against his other hand. Then Sean brought his hand back down the curve of her breast before grabbing her forcefully, taking her soft globe in his hand. His wedding band dragged against the tip of her nipple, tugging at it, before he firmly squeezed her tit in his hand.

Allie's legs tightened in response to the shockwaves of pleasure, her hips pressing against his. She could feel her husband return the sentiment, using his knees to push forward against her, both of them grinding against one another. She moaned in frustration at the fabric still separating them and sighed, "Oh God... I need you so bad."

Putting his mouth next to her ear, he once again whispered, "Not yet."

As his hand left her soft breast, it pulled away her purple bikini top, exposing her nipples to the cold air conditioning blowing into the room. Shifting his weight and drawing his hand away from her throat, Sean sat up slightly. As he expected, Allie reached out for him. He grabbed her wrist and pushed it down onto the bed above her head; while he held it down his other hand found her other wrist and pulled it above her as well.

Looking up at him, Allie saw him shake his head, grinning mischievously while she continued to writhe her hips against him, desperate to make him give in to her needs. She gasped suddenly when she felt him lean down and suck one of her cold, hard nipples into his warm mouth. Releasing it, his wet tongue ran around the edge of her nipple and then across the tip. Around and around he teased her, sometimes barely touching it with the tip of his tongue, other times sucking it hard into his mouth before dragging his teeth lightly across it. Closing her eyes, she leaned back, mouth open in pleasure, every change in his oral ministrations bringing another rush of wetness between her legs.

With Allie distracted by his mouth, Sean grabbed her bikini top off the mattress and brought it up above Allie's head. She finally noticed what he was up to when he pulled his mouth away so that he could focus on his hands as they wrapped the purple bikini top around her wrists, firmly binding her small hands together.

Allie's eyes opened wide with surprise and lust as she suddenly realized what he had done. But before she could react, Sean pushed himself up, freeing himself from her smooth legs. He grabbed the four long strings of her top and wrapped them around a decorative bar in the headboard and tied them off. Allie struggled slightly, testing the bonds; moaning as she realized her body was his to use as he pleased. Uncertain of what he wanted next, she rolled over some to look at his handsome face. He gave her a wicked smile back before smacking her ass and nodding his head to the side.

Getting the idea, Allie rolled the rest of the way over, onto her front. She pressed the front of her body down onto the mattress and raised her ass into the air, eagerly displaying herself for her demanding lover. A moment later, Sean was kneeling behind her, the top of his shaft rubbing against her through her bikini bottoms as she rocked back against him.

"Please," she begged, almost a whimper.

Sean ignored his wife's pleas, just thrusting himself against her, reveling in the pleasure the pressure gave his cock as he ran his hand down the center of her back. Looking down he watched Allie's ass undulating against him; fluidly using her entire body to grind her mound against his hardness. Her wanton display was made even sexier by the tiny triangle of purple fabric just above her ass, the string vanishing between her round cheeks. He was filled with a need to grab the little triangle and rip it off of her, exposing her sweetness to him. But denying himself that pleasure stoked the burning need inside him to dominate the small woman bound on the bed in front of him.

He ran one hand down the side of her body as other slid up her back to her vibrant red hair. His wedding ring caught on the sting of her thong as his hand moved down to her ass. The tiny tugging from the ring caused Allie's breath to catch momentarily and then Sean heard a groan of disappointment when her thong stayed in place. Taking her hair tightly in his other fist, he squeezed her round ass.

"Yes," Allie hissed. "Please... Please fuck me."

He pulled her hair back, lifting her head up off the bed, her heavy tits hanging down. Sean pressed hard against her and with his free hand he loudly smacked her ass. The sudden sharp pain and feelings of helplessness fueled her desire for him, wetness rushing to her eager sex.

"Not yet," was all he said.

Releasing her hair, Sean ran his hand down her back. As his hand drew down, he slid back away from her on his knees. She tried to follow, but her bindings on her wrists kept her from moving more than a few inches. Once his hand reached the small of her back, Sean grabbed the triangle of her thong, pulling it up. For a few seconds, he pulled and released her thong, causing the front to rub against the outer lips of her pussy, making her moan for him. Then clutching the tiny triangle of fabric in his fist, he yanked her thong down to the middle of her thighs.

With her wrists bound together and attached to the bed, her ass up in the air, and her thong pulled down to her thighs Sean climbed off the bed, leaving Allie completely exposed and helpless.

"No. No, please don't leave me," she begged.

Saying nothing, Sean stood back and watched his wife. There was no way to properly express just how beautiful she was. All those gorgeous curves and so gloriously submissive. The swell of her breasts pressed out beneath her against the bed. The swoop of her back as she kept her ass up in the air, begging for attention. The round globes of her ass and those smooth thighs. The muscles tensing in her calves. It was almost too much for him to handle and he had to work hard to control himself. He couldn't help but think just how lucky he was that she was his.

Soon after he left the bed, Allie heard him rummaging around in a bag, but bound as she was, she couldn't see what Sean was up to. After what seemed to be an eternity, she felt the bed shift behind her as he returned. Kneeling near her legs, she could feel his strong hands run over her ass, her eyes closing at the relaxing feel of his strong hands. Then his hand moved down the back of her thigh, until he reached her knee. Once there, his hand slid around to the inside of her thigh and began to climb back up, making Allie shudder at every inch that his fingers moved closer and closer to her needy sex.

Continuing upwards, Sean's fingers found the tender flesh of her pussy. He gently cupped her mons in his hand and moved his hand in a circle. As her lips gently rubbed against one another, Allie let out a sigh of pleasure. At that signal, Sean pushed his middle finger up, causing it to part her lips ever so slightly. He could feel her wetness on his finger as his hand continued to move in a circle. His finger pushed deeper until the tip could tease her clit. But as soon as her tiny nub brushed his fingertip, he moved it further down. Once Sean's finger found Allie's delicate inner lips, he ran the tip of his finger up and down them, spreading her juices over her pink flesh.

Allie buried her face in the mattress for a moment and pushed her hips back, trying desperately to get Sean's finger deeper inside her; but she was already as far back as her bonds would allow. While he teased her, she felt him move closer to her head. Feeling her lover so near, she looked up and found his hard cock waiting. She moved to take his manhood into her eager mouth; but at the same time, he drew back. Allie whimpered in frustration and looked up at Sean, pleading with her eyes.

Just as he got out of reach of her mouth, Sean finally pushed his middle finger into her. The pool of nectar waiting just beyond her tiny folds made it easy for his finger to slide in as deep as it could go. Watching Allie's face intently, Sean could see when the sensation of his finger penetrating her tight hole caused her to close her eyes and let out another moan. When her eyes opened once more, he had already moved closer, his hand wrapped around the base of his cock. 

Looking up into his eyes, Allie moved her head closer. Her movements were tentative, uncertain if this was only another trick to tease her more. It was and it wasn't. Her mouth was able to reach the head of his cock, but she couldn't pull any closer than that. 

When Allie's warm, wet mouth enveloped the swollen head of his cock, it was finally Sean's turn to sigh. He slipped his hand off of his cock and into her long hair, cradling the back of her head. When her tongue reached out and licked a bead of precum from the tip, Sean groaned loudly and pushed a second finger into her wet pussy. Pushing hard, he began to fuck her with his fingers -- roughly. Her moans were muffled by his cock, but that didn't stop him from feeling them. His hand in her hair gripped her tighter, almost painfully so, as he fought every urge in his body that was screaming for him to fuck her mouth till he came.
