 I was absolutely terrified about what was going to happen this afternoon. I never should have agreed to it. I never should have agreed to a threesome with Jim and Paul. It was insane. It was too much too soon. It was all Jim's fault, he should know better than to hold a girl to an agreement made in the throws of passion.

I had become so agitated that I couldn't even decide what I wanted to wear. It had seemed like such a good idea at the time. Of course, at the time Jim had had his cock buried deep inside me and I was peaking deliciously. Now in the cold light of day it looked completely different. Paul would think I was a slut, and he'd tell our friends. Everything that had happened in the last few days was going to be ruined this afternoon.

I knew I was overreacting when I began to feel sick. I really thought I was going to throw up. It was absurd. I wanted to call in sick. But how does one call in sick for a threesome? However one might do it, I knew that I couldn't do anything this afternoon, not unless I pulled myself together.

I took a few deep breaths. This afternoon was going to happen, it could be good or it could be bad. It all depended on me. I lit some incense and played some music. It's bizarre, but violent music calms me, it draws all the negativity out of me. I listened to Marilyn Manson and I inhaled incense. I felt better when I heard "Slutgarden" come on, no ordinary cynicism can compare to the cynical purity of that song.

The only thing I had to do this afternoon was be sexy, and I knew how to do that. I had to make Paul a slave to his own lust. I had to make sure that when he told our friends about it that he would say something like, "Lisa's a fantastic girl, and mind blowingly uninhibited in bed," instead of something like, "Lisa's a whore, she's a good root, but a whore's a whore."

The best way I could think of doing that was by being sexy. By being so sexy that he would want me again and again. If I could make this afternoon the best sex he had ever had, everything he told our friends would be positive. Even if he told them I was a slut, he would tell them with such a positive attitude that it would come across as a good thing.

This clarity gave me direction, but at the same time it made everything seem more important. What would I wear? My god, I was just going to the beach, how could clothes be such an issue? I was losing my mind, but I knew it was important to strike the right balance of sexiness and modesty.

A g-string was obviously out today. I decided on a little Brazilian string bikini. It tied together on the hips, rode very low, and was brief enough that no man could avoid the inevitable visceral reaction. The top had a tie between the breasts instead of at the back, and was just as brief as the bottom, leaving the curve of my breasts exposed at the sides and only just barely covering my nipples at the front.

It was a ten minute walk to the beach from my apartment, and I was nervous the whole way. As I walked I could feel my bikini bottom riding up, so even though I wasn't wearing a g-string, the effect was the same. In the end I'd become so frustrated trying to decide what to wear that I had just pulled on a sarong. I folded it into a triangle and wrapped it around me, tying the corners on my hip. On one side the sarong left me almost bare -- a fact which didn't go unnoticed to the cars that drove past. A couple of cars honked madly as they passed, with the boys inside staring and waving at me. I smiled and waved back. The attention made me feel a little better. If I was having that effect on strangers, I would surely have the same effect on Paul.

The beach was crowded and I drew looks as I walked between the people looking for Jim and Paul. They were difficult to find in the sea of bodies, and when I spotted them, they were chatting, facing down the beach, away from me. They were probably pointing out the sexy girls to one another. I decided to give them a little show and walked past them, swinging my hips a little and shaking my arse. I hoped the sarong would enhance the effect, the attempt to cover myself making the view a little more illicit, a little more enticing.

Looking around and pretending to see them for the first time, I said, "There you are, hiding right in front of me."

Both Jim and Paul said "Hello," and rose and gave me a hug and a kiss.

After spreading out my towel I removed my sarong and sat down with them, soaking up the sun, and making small talk. I couldn't believe it, here I was chatting as if nothing was out of the ordinary with the two men who would soon be in my bed, and then in me. I couldn't help it, I was suddenly very aroused. I considered asking how they felt about our coming threesome, but if they were anything like me, they were enjoying the anticipation without mentioning it.

Very casually I undid the tie on my bikini top and slipped it off, revealing my breasts. Both of these men had seen my breasts before, but that didn't stop them from staring. It was clear Jim and Paul were thinking about what we would soon be doing, and if they noticed the state of my nipples, hard and crinkled, they would have to know that I was thinking about it too. I leant back, letting my breasts jiggle as I did so. They were both mesmerised, with their eyes locked on my breasts as I moved.

The anticipation was killing me, and I couldn't take it any longer, I broke the spell by suggesting we have a swim. I stood up, and said, "Come on, let's go!"

Jim rose and said, "Alright. Come on Paul."

With that encouragement Paul rose and we negotiated a path through the bodies on the sand to the water's edge. I gasped when the water hit my feet, it didn't seem possible but my nipples crinkled even further. I can't stand to get wet gradually, it's like slow torture to me, so I ran ahead and dove under a wave. The sudden immersion in the cold water was a shock to my system, but an exhilarating one.

After I surfaced again I ran back to the boys and splashed water on them. Jim came rushing at me and picked me up and threw us both under a wave. Our bodies pressed together as the wave washed over us. We surfaced laughing, and I pushed Jim as hard as I could, which didn't have much effect on him, but did almost push me over. Paul caught me from behind and helped me avoid falling over, and I finished up in his arms. I reached up and gave him a quick kiss on the lips, and then pushed myself away and dove under another wave.

We played like this for a while, chasing one another and pressing our bare bodies together. The boys took any opportunity to touch my body and I could feel their semi-erect cocks when our bodies pressed together. It was very erotic even though we weren't touching one another sexually. We were oblivious to the people around us, it was like we were caught in our own little bubble of passion.

When it felt like the cold was sinking into my bones I told the boys that I was going to lie in the sun and warm up. I caught a wave back to the shallows and made my way up the beach. As I was walking I felt a stinging slap on my arse and turned, and there was Jim with a big grin on his face.

"Ow!" I said, "That hurt."

"Don't be such a baby," he replied. "You look fucking hot, and I couldn't help it; I had to touch your arse."

"It's alright," I said, as I slapped his arse as hard as I could, "we're even now."

"You looking forward to this afternoon?" he asked. "How was Ezra? In the sauna, huh? The text you sent was hot."

"You liked the text?" I asked. "You didn't mind getting it after we'd done the deed?"

"It would have been nice to know you were doing it while I was thinking about you," he said, "but it was still hot. Next time you'll have to send one before you start.

"So, what about this afternoon? Excited?" he asked.

"Oh yeah," I said. "I get wet every time I think about it. Two cocks! I love being with more than one guy. I love having more than one cock inside me."

"More than one, huh?" he asked. "What about more than two?"

"You know what they say, 'The more the merrier!'" I said, grinning at him. I loved being able to talk like this with Jim. I loved teasing him, and I loved opening up with him.

"Just how merry have you been Lisa?"

"Pretty merry, but you know a lady never tells!"

"You're a tease you know," he said.

"I know, and you love it," I said. "Is your cock hard now?"

"Firm. When do you want to go?" he asked. "I'm not sure how much longer I can wait."

"I just got here, I want to soak up some sun, maybe have another swim," I said. "Tell me what you told Paul about this, I'm a little surprised he agreed."

"Look at you! Who wouldn't agree?"

I couldn't help but smile. I put my arm around him as I said, "You're so sweet. But tell me about Paul."

"Okay. Well, it was harder than I expected. I thought that if I just said something like, 'Are you up for a three-way with Lisa? She's keen,' that he'd jump at it. But he was hemming and hawing and making excuses.

"I couldn't believe it. What guy could say no? I kept working on him and I could see he was cracking, so I said, 'Didn't you enjoy her blowing you the other night? Are you going to tell me that if a beautiful woman like Lisa wants to fuck you and suck you off, you'd say no? Are you mad?'

"'Well,' he said, 'well, no... if you put it like that. But I just want her to go down on me, you can fuck her, but all I want is a blowjob.'

"Oh god," I said, "he's going to think I'm a slapper."

"What?"

"He's going to think I'm a slut and he'll tell everyone what a slapper I am."

"No he's not," he said. "Trust me, once he sees you naked all of his resistance will slip away, if it hasn't already. Did I tell you already you look fucking hot? I love that bikini. I need you now; waiting is going to kill me."

"It won't hurt you to wait," I said. "You sure it's going to be alright?"

"Fuck yeah; it's going to be fine. When he's got his cock in your mouth, and he's watching you cumming with another dick in your pussy he'll want you any way he can get you. God what a picture! You with two cocks in you! Does that excite you?"

"Yes," I said, almost in a whisper, "Yes, when I stop being nervous, it's hot, I want you both inside me at the same time, I want you both to cum in me and on me. I'm going to have you both more than once. Are you up for it?"

"Are you kidding? To see you with cum all over you, sucking another man's cock! I don't think I'll be soft for a moment."

"Stop it," I said, as I sat down on my towel, still wet, "now you're making me horny."

"Stop what?" Paul asked, surprising me as he came up from behind me. I hoped he hadn't heard too much and hadn't heard me talking about being horny.

"Well? What is it that's making you horny Lisa?" Paul asked, mortifying me.

"We were talking about her being with the two us this afternoon and it's getting her hot," Jim said.

"Is that so," Paul said. "Do you like being with two men?"

I couldn't read Paul. I knew Jim would want to hear that it made me hot, but it occurred to me that Paul might be setting me up to sound like a slut. There was no backing out now though, I'd crossed the line and honesty seemed like the best policy.

"Imagine being with two beautiful women Paul, and having them touch you in all of your sensitive places. You're the centre of their attention. Everything they do is to satisfy your desire. You can drive them crazy with lust, and they can drive you crazy as well. It's just like that for me when I'm with two men.

"So, yes, I like being with two men. Yes, it turns me on just thinking about it.

"It turns me on to talk about it with you now. Here we are at the beach, talking about the two of you having sex with me. It excites me to know that before too long I'm going to have you both. I'm going to have you both inside me. You're both going to be touching my naked body, you're going to watch when I cum, you're going to listen as I cry out in the throes of passion, you're going to see me writhe in pleasure, with one of you in my pussy and the other in my mouth.

"I'm going to make you both cum. I'm going to taste your cum, and I'm going to have it running over my body.

"Yes, it turns me on! Doesn't it turn you on?"

Paul was speechless, but the erection in his pants spoke volumes.

"Doesn't it turn you on, Paul? Don't you want to have me? To cum in my mouth again? To feel the wet heat of my pussy squeezing your cock deep inside me? Don't you want to shoot your cum all over me, Paul? Don't you want to see me with cum dripping from my chin? Dribbling onto my boobs? Don't you want to fuck me Paul? Again and again?"

He was still speechless. He swallowed a couple of times but he couldn't form words.

Jim broke the silence. "I know I do, Lisa," he said. "Let's go, I can't wait any longer. Come on Paul, we're going."

Paul stood in silence and gathered his things. I put my top on, and we got ready to leave the beach.

As we walked up the sand, Paul said, "Yes, I want you, Lisa." He put his arm around me and drew me to him and kissed me deeply.

"Come on you two," I heard Jim call back to us.

We broke our kiss when we heard Jim, and I said to Paul, "Come on lover." I took him by the hand and ran up the beach with him to catch up to Jim.

The trip to my apartment was a blur of anticipation. Once we were inside I took my bikini off and led them to my bedroom. I kissed Paul and ran my hands up his stomach and chest, lifting his top, and pulling it up over his head. I pushed him back onto the bed and removed his shorts. He was completely hard now, and his cock was standing erect and ready for me.

I was on fire and seeing Paul's cock hard and ready like that drove me crazy with lust. I crawled onto the bed and took his cock in my mouth. I was so hungry I slid my mouth straight down his cock until I could feel the head pressing against my throat. I began long fast thrusts with my mouth, swirling my tongue around the head and then engulfing his entire shaft with my mouth and throat.

As I sucked on Paul, Jim took hold of my hips and moved me around on the bed. He climbed up behind me and spread my legs. He positioned his cock against my pussy and entered me doggy style. I was completely sodden with the all of the anticipation and he slid into me easily. Jim pushed his cock all the way into me in one hard thrust, and then began pumping me with his whole length, pushing all the way inside me and then almost withdrawing completely, only to pound his hard cock all the way back into me again.

With each of Jim's thrusts I was pushed forward onto Paul's cock, forcing it deeper into my throat. I relaxed into Jim's rhythm, moving my head up Paul's cock each time he withdrew from he, and sliding my mouth back down the shaft as he slammed his cock back into me.

I was in heaven. I had two cocks buried deep inside me, pumping in and out of me in unison, driving me towards an all-powerful orgasm. There were hands all over my body, touching me everywhere, sending tingles and shots of lightning through my body. I lost all track of who was where, all I knew was there were hands and mouths and cocks, and they were all there to give me pleasure, to bring me higher and higher.

Paul's hips began to heave with each downward thrust of my mouth, driving his cock deeper into my throat, pressing my nose against his body. He put his hand on the back of my head and pushed me down onto his shaft in time with his thrusts. I let go of myself and let Jim thrust into my pussy and Paul thrust into my mouth. I could feel my orgasm building with each of their powerful thrusts.

Paul began to grunt as he shot his load of cum into my mouth. He continued to thrust his cock into my mouth as he came, shooting his cum into my mouth and down my throat. Feeling his load in my mouth pushed me over the edge into my own orgasm. I arched my back involuntarily and raised my head. I used my hand to jerk Paul's cock, and his last two shots of cum hit me in the neck and chest, with the rest dribbling down his cock onto my hand. A little cum dribbled out of my mouth and down my chin as I came.

Jim continued to relentlessly pound me doggy style. I lowered my face onto Paul's thighs as Jim hammered his cock into me. I let the orgasm wash over my body as I continued to climax with each of Jim's thrusts. I watched Paul watching me being fucked. He put his hand under my breast and let it bounce against his hand with each of Jim's thrusts. I slowly stroked Paul's slippery cock with my hand and licked up the cum that had dribbled onto his cock and balls.

Suddenly Jim pulled out of me. He moved around the bed alongside Paul and took my hand and drew me to him. He used my hand to stroke his cock. "Open you mouth," he grunted. I complied with his demand, a little too slowly, and his first shot of cum hit me on the lips and splashed over my chin and cheeks. I opened my mouth then and put my tongue out in time to taste his next shots. When he was almost finished he put his cock in my mouth and I sucked the last few drops of cum out of him and licked his cock clean.

I looked over at Paul who had been watching the whole time as Jim came on my face and in my mouth. He had a look of lust on his face and looked as horny as I have ever seen any man. I looked down at his cock and he was hard again, he was stroking it slowly as he watched us. I remembered what he said to Jim about only wanting a blowjob, but I wanted him inside me. I straddled him and took his cock into my pussy.

Paul moaned as he entered me and I knew he had changed his mind. I began to ride him, lifting myself up and down on his cock and moving my hips in a circle, sliding his cock in and out of me, and twisting it around inside my pussy. Heat and lightning radiated outward from my pussy, shooting up my body and down my legs and leaving me tingling wherever it passed.

I reached out and took Jim's cock in my hand and began to stroke it as I rode Paul. As my excitement mounted again I began to ride harder and harder on Paul's cock. Each time I slid down on the cock inside me we made a wet sound, a mix of a slap as our bodies struck and a slosh as my wet pussy met his pelvis. I looked down at Paul as I rode him, and he was looking up at me. I could only imagine what he saw when he looked at me -- me bouncing up and down, my mouth open as the sounds of my lust escaped my lips, cum on my lips and chin and cheeks, and more cum on my chest, slowly dribbling down my breasts as they bounced as I rode his cock.

I pulled Jim's cock towards me and took it in my mouth. He was almost fully erect now as well. Watching me ride Paul was making him hard again very quickly. I stroked the base of his cock with my hand and ran my lips and tongue around the head of it. I could feel it hardening in my mouth again as I sucked on it. When he felt fully erect again I slid my mouth all the way down his shaft until he was completely inside me and his head was pressing against my throat. I looked up at him as I made small thrusting motions with my head, banging the head of his cock against my tonsils with each motion. His eyes were closed and pleasure could be seen in his every facial expression.

Beneath me, Paul's moans grew louder, he was still letting me do all the work, and I increased the pace of my thrusts on him. I removed my mouth from Jim's cock and leant forward over Paul.

"Is this good?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah," he replied breathlessly.

"Do you like fucking me, baby?" I asked. "Do you like the feel of your cock inside me?"

"Yes, oh fuck yes."

"Are you glad you came? Do you like watching another guy's cock in me?"

"Yes."

"Do you like me with cum all over me?"

"Yes, you're hot."

"Do you want to fuck me again? Do you want to fuck me with other men again?"

"Yes, any way you like, again and again."
