 They drove down to France, taking turns on the long journey. The baby slept in its seat strapped to the front seat of the car. The boot was crammed with bags, as was half the back seat. With ten miles to go to the villa, Josie was driving and Oliver was half-dozing in the back seat behind the baby. As the car rounded a corner on the narrow, dusty road, three teenage girls leapt from the verge ahead, animatedly waving them down. Josie stopped the car and the girls rushed to the window, jabbering away excitedly in French.

Josie, bemused but in surprisingly good humour, said 'Anglaise. En Anglais?'

The tallest girl, strikingly pretty, suddenly realised. 'Ah, of course. Pardon. Can you 'elp us, we are trying to get back to the school - we 'ave been swimming in the lake and we will be late back. We will be in big trouble.'

As she spoke, she leant down to speak to Josie through the window, treating her and Oliver to the captivating view down the front of her loose crop-top. Oliver's lazy hard-on, acquired during the last ten miles of sleepy fantasising, took on a new sense of urgency. 'Well, there's no room ...' he vaguely heard Josie saying. 'It's all right' said the girl 'we can squeeze in the back.'

With that, she raced round the back of the car, whilst the other two girls (also both rather horny, thought Oliver) flung open the back door behind Josie and scrambled in, piling up the bags between them and him, giggling and saying 'Bonjour. 'allo.' to him in their musical young voices. The door beside him was flung open and to his horror the first girl climbed in and sat on his lap, her legs straddling his. 'Er ...' he began plaintively, trying desperately to press back into the seat to keep his erection away from her bottom. He looked at Josie, who had turned to look, grinning knowingly at his discomfort.

'Never mind, dear, I'll try and avoid the bumps.'

She started the car off. The girls were cooing and reaching out to stroke the baby. The girl on Oliver's lap leant forward to peer over the back of the front seat at the tot and gently - and clearly to Oliver, very deliberately - squirmed her bottom back against his erection. 'My, what have we got here?' he thought, and equally gently and deliberately moved his hips to rub himself against her. She responded instantly; her short summer skirt had ridden up as she sat on him, and only her knickers and his thin shorts separated them. Her short, baggy crop-top hung forward; stealing himself against an outraged scream, he slipped his left hand gently onto her waist; the girl continued cooing to the baby and talking to her friends. He slid his hand up onto her left breast, firm and beautifully formed, as he'd seen earlier. He caressed it gently, tweaking the erect nipple between finger and thumb. The movement of her hips against him was sensuous and rhythmical.

Oliver was having difficulty believing his luck: here was this gorgeous young French girl, a total stranger, actively getting off with him in the most daringly erotic manner, with his wife a few feet away totally oblivious. 'Well, go for it Oliver!' he thought. Slipping his hands under her skirt, he tugged her knickers down. She co-operated perfectly, lifting her bottom to allow him to slip them down as he simultaneously pulled down the waistband of his shorts to liberate his penis. With some deft manipulation, he lifted her gently back onto him. She was wet, and with her legs spread either side of his he could push easily into her. She was exquisite: her vagina clung to him as she worked herself back onto his penis. He resumed caressing her breast as they fucked slowly. After a couple of minutes, she slipped her hand under her skirt and began to masturbate. They came together, silently, but both rigid in ecstasy.

Moments later, they turned into the grounds of the villa and pulled up. In the commotion of the others leaping out, the girl lifted herself from him and pulled her knickers up; he slipped himself back into his shorts and she climbed out of the car, turning to him with a lovely grin, uncertain, biting her bottom lip.

'Bon? Good?' she asked quietly.

'Tres bon. Incredible. You are a very ... exciting girl.' he replied as they followed the others to the villa.

'The school is just down the lane there.' she pointed, then called out to the two other girls who ran back.

'Can we come and see you tomorrow?' she asked.

'Of course. I'd ... we'd love you to join us. Perhaps you can show us round the area.'.

With waves, au revoirs and mercis the three girls ran off down the lane, Oliver staring wistfully after them, barely believing what had happened in the car and dreaming of what might happen on the rest of the holiday.

'Oliver. Stop drooling and get Sam out of the car. Let's see inside this place.' Josie had come back and joined him watching the girls.

'Lovely girls. I imagine you enjoyed yourself?'

More than you would like to imagine, thought Oliver.

'Er, well, rather awkward with a horny young nymph sitting on your lap. They're coming to see us tomorrow.'

He busied himself unstrapping the sleeping toddler and they went into the villa. It was delightful: well decorated and furnished. A large bank of patio doors opened onto a sizeable swimming pool and patio. They unloaded the car, unpacked and while Josie made supper he took a shower. They ate on the patio, fed the baby and put him down, drank wine and went to bed, exhausted after the long drive.

He woke in the morning and heard Josie in the shower. After a few minutes she came back to the bedroom, naked. He pulled her down on top of him and she held his penis up and gently worked herself onto him as he caressed her full breasts.

'Mmm' she licked her fingers and began to masturbate, coming after a few minutes of frantic activity, pumping her hips hard down onto him, flushed and rigid as her orgasm welled up through her groin. As she relaxed, he pulled her down onto him, kissing her passionately, then rolled her over and fucked her firmly. Images of his illicit fuck with the young girl flooded through his mind, and he came intensely, Josie lying passive beneath him.

'Ooh! That was good.' Josie held him close as they kissed.

They breakfasted on the patio, then sunbathed naked beside the pool. Suddenly, a rapid hammering at the front door sent Oliver, dragging on shorts, to investigate. The three young women were on the step and bundled straight past him into the villa, bonjour's, 'allo's and 'ow are you's floating musically around him. Shrieks and squeals erupted as they spotted the pool and ran through - more bonjour's, 'allo's and 'ow are you's to Josie - to tug their summery slip-dresses over their heads and dive elegantly - and nakedly - into the water. Oliver strolled out to the patio, bemused, watching the three girls horsing around and splashing, then turning to Josie, resting up on one elbow and looking quizzically at him.

'Something you said, Oliver?'

'Er, not sure ...'

He went and laid back on the lounger beside Josie. 'Umm ... are you going to talk to them? They seem very, er, spontaneous and un-selfconscious.'

'And gorgeous. I can cope with it if you can ... enjoy yourself, but don't get too many ideas! Go and get them some towels.'

After five minutes of shrieks, giggles, shouts and splashing, the girls got out and walked over to them and took the towels Oliver proffered. Josie was a picture of studied relaxation as they stood in front of them and dried themselves before laying the towels out beside them and lying down to sunbathe. Oliver was completely unable to avoid staring at them. They chattered away, his young lover of yesterday lying beside him, sneaking him furtive glances whilst the other two lay beside Josie. One of them asked her if she could use Josie's sun-tan lotion and then proceeded to oil the back of her friend, sitting astride her hips. The girl underneath leant on her elbows as her friend slipped her hands underneath and oiled and caressed her breasts sensuously. Josie watched, transfixed, as the first girl's hands slid over and cupped the full mounds, her fingers and thumbs gently squeezing the nipples, accompanied by soft moans and whispers of pleasure and encouragement; the two of them looked at Josie, smiling. Oliver, meanwhile, was enjoying the diversion created by the two girls as it allowed 'his' young woman to pose for him. She was simply gorgeous as Josie had agreed. She lay back, her firm breasts jutting up from her slim chest, her small, pink nipples erect as she gently brushed her fingertips across them, her knees drawn up and parted widely. 

To be continued ...