 One reality about being a man working at a bank now is that you're generally surrounded by women. Women simply outnumber men in the retail finance industry these days, and everywhere I've worked in recent years the ratio of women to men was very high. That means as a man in that environment, regardless of your job title, you end up doing some rather menial tasks from time-to-time. After all, there aren't that many people to compete for those gender-specific duties that require a male body. But don't get me wrong, there's definitely a lot of upside to the imbalance, too.

I'd only been working as the loan officer at the branch for about two months when December rolled around. And, as the law of averages would have it, I was the only man employed there at the time. There was constantly some sort of promotion going on in the place, so the changes from one set of decorations to another usually didn't even register with me anymore. When I noticed what appeared to be a Santa suit–complete with fake beard and oversized boots–strewn across my desk early one morning, I paid attention. 

I've never been a Monday sort of a guy, so surprises before 8:00 a.m.. the first day of the week generally aren't received very well. As I picked up the long, crimson hat so that I could get to my phone, I could hear giggles coming from the tellers who could see into my office. I looked up at them, and they stopped trying to suppress their laughter.

"Morning Paul!" said my boss Debra as she walked into the office and shut the door behind her. "I guess you've seen the Santa costume by now?"

"Oh, is that what this is?" I replied sarcastically.

"Yes, I'm afraid so," she nodded.

Debra was in her early forties, and had been with the same company since she'd graduated from high school. Now a regional vice-president, she'd come a long way--and for good reason. She was smart, confident, assertive, and gorgeous. There were lots of twentysomethings in the branch closer to my own age, but none of them had anything on Debra. While I hadn't been with any of the women I worked with at that time, I had already spent many an evening disciplining the monkey while fantasizing about fucking Debra in every imaginable way. She had medium length auburn hair, crystal blue eyes, a beautiful body, and a demeanor that made you wonder whether you should salute her or make an attempt to bend her over the nearest furniture. I could tell this was going to be a morning where the salute was in order, though.

Debra cleared her throat a little and then matter-of-factly revealed my fate. "We have a Santa every year in the bank for three consecutive Fridays in December before Christmas. And, well, this year that Santa is going to be you, Paul."

"I see," I replied. "How did I get so lucky?"

"Alan, who was our loan officer before you, did it last year, but since we had to let him go.... Well, you're the only eligible candidate."

"So I have to where the next three Fridays?" I asked motioning towards the costume.

"That's right. But don't worry, it's not a big deal really. You just wear the costume and go about your regular business. You don't have to see lines of screaming brats or anything like that. It's actually a fun thing. You'll see."

"Yeah, sounds great," I chuckled.

"It will be fun Paul, I promise," she said. "It's only three days total."

"Only three days, huh?"

"This coming Friday, the Friday after when we have our annual branch party where you'll hand out presents, and then the following Friday which is the last one before Christmas. That's it."

"I guess I can handle that," I said.

"Trust me, you're going to have a good time doing this. Plus Santa always gets the best present, and I'll owe you one for being such a good sport."

"Okay, I'm your Santa!" With that we both laughed.

"Oh, I almost forgot," she said. "I always have a few tellers dress up as elves, too. I heard them laughing this morning when you came in and saw the Santa suit, and I don't think they realize they're going to be the branch elves this year yet. Care to come over with me while I give them the good news?"

"I'd love too!" I replied grinning ear-to-ear.

I walked with Debra over to her office where she picked up a fairly large cardboard box, and then we headed for the teller line. As Debra and I neared the tellers, they continued to whisper and giggle. While the branch had at least a dozen part-time and full-time tellers, there were usually never more than a half-dozen on duty at a time. I flirted with almost all of them everyday, but nothing serious had ever happened. Of all the tellers, two or three really stood out as nominees for the highly coveted "teller I'd most like to fuck" award. And, as luck would have it, they were all part of the group that was working that morning.

"I think you all know Mr. Claus...err..ahh..I mean Paul," Debra joked as she sat the box down in the nearest open window on teller row. With that all the tellers began to laugh out loud with a roar that made me blush slightly. "He's agreed to be our Santa this year." There was the obligatory feigned cheer and half-ass applause which Debra cut short when she dropped the bomb. "But there's even better news, ladies, you're all going to be the branch elves this year!"

What had been a room filled with the sound of giggles and laughs had grown silent in an instant. Silent except for the sound of me chuckling at their reactions, that is. As I regained my composure, Debra walked up to the line and opened the box she'd retrieved from her office. She pulled out a green outfit that frankly looked a little risque for wearing while working at a bank. The girls stood in shock and disbelief. There was a little whining, but all knew better than to challenge Debra overtly. She was, after all, the boss.

*

The first Friday of December arrived and I drove to work with a sense of impending doom. Hell, I don't even really dig on dressing up for Halloween so much–let alone wearing a Santa get-up in a place where I'm expected to transact serious business. "This totally sucks," I thought.

I'd decided to wear my normal clothes to work and change into Santa there. Somehow the thought of being seen in a Santa costume driving around town was just too much, so I had my alter persona bound and stuffed into a duffel bag–which was right where he was headed to after work as well.

I arrived at the branch a good half hour early and headed straight for the bathroom. On the way down the hall, I ran into April, one of the tellers that had been picked to dress as an elf. She was coming out of the women's restroom. April was in her early twenties, and was very fine indeed. She had short blonde hair from a bottle, at least today anyway, and she had penetrating eyes that, thanks to modern contact trends, changed colors as much as her hair. Her body was slim and athletic, and she was always very flirtatious. We'd had drinks together a couple times after work with some other people from the branch, but I really didn't know her all that well. Now here she was standing in front of me dressed like an elf–a damn sexy elf at that.

"Can you believe this shit!? This is so lame. This costume barely covers my ass," she said as she turned her shapely butt in my direction so that I could see for myself. She was wearing pantyhose with the elf costume bottoms, and it wasn't totally inappropriate really, but you could definitely see her butt at the right angle. And, the whole costume fit rather tightly. As I stared at her ass, which had to be hard as a ripe melon from the looks of it, I heard her snapping me back to reality. "Paul, did you hear me?"

"Huh?" I replied. "Sorry, I was checking out your ass like you told me to." She raised her eyebrow at me and smiled.

"You know, I've always kind of had a thing for elves," I said with a grin.

"Oh yeah?" she said. "They get you hot and bothered, huh?"

"Oh yeah! Elves really get me going," I laughed.

"Good to know," she said with a wink. "So where's your Santa suit?" 

"In this bag. I'm going to go put it on right now. I'll holler if I can't figure it out."

"Okay, you be sure to yell for help if you need it," she said with a sly laugh.

As she walked away I couldn't help but stare at that ass some more. Damn it was fine. She must have felt my eyes burning a hole in that costume, because she turned and looked me square in the eyes.

"See, I told you this thing barely covered my ass." She continued on her way, and I felt my cock jump a little with excitement from the sexual tension.

As I began putting on the Santa costume I realized a couple things about myself. First, an all red jogging suit is totally and forever out of the question for obvious fashion reasons. Second, Santa costumes are hot as hell. Maybe some aren't too bad, I'm no expert, but then this was a pretty nice suit. This was heavy, and well made, and actually–I hate to say it–looked like something the real thing might wear. Whomever had made or bought this had really went all out. At any rate, it quickly became apparent that my plan to wear something underneath the suit besides my boxers and a t-shirt was not going to work. I finished up by attaching my fake beard and donning the cap--my transformation was complete. I was a much thinner, much younger version of the old fat man himself.

*

As the day progressed I realized that being Santa really wasn't that bad. In fact, it was rather a good time. I threw out the customary "Ho, Ho, Ho" whenever I had to walk across the branch lobby for something, and all the customers seemed to enjoy the levity. The tellers dressed like elves seemed to be having a good time with it too.

I'd flirted with them all pretty much nonstop throughout the day–the highlight being when one asked if she could sit on my lap and talk about the first thing that popped up. But after the branch was locked for the night, I pulled the itchy fake beard down and made my way to the men's room so that I could changed back into my street clothes as soon as possible. Being Santa had been fun, but not that fun.

"Hey Santa, wait up." I turned to see April coming down the hall. "Aren't you going to ask me what I want for Christmas?"

"Did you do a good job making toys today, Miss Elf?" I joked.

"No toys today, Santa. But the night is still early. A couple of us are going to go out for drinks if you want to come?"

"That would be great. Just let me get changed out of this thing."

"I thought you were going to holler for help this morning getting dressed?" she joked.

"It was easier going than I'd imagined," I said with a laugh.

"This elf thing painted on pretty easily, too." she said as she struck a pose to show off the skimpy elf costume that not only revealed most of her butt, but that also–now that I was really looking–accentuated all of her curves very nicely.

"Well, I'll holler if I need some help getting out of this," I said with a smile.

I headed into the men's room and had just got the buckle undone to open the coat of the costume when I heard the door open. I turned and April was standing in the doorway. "Could you use a hand Santa?" she said as she stood in the doorway. I just nodded.

April stepped inside the men's room and came straight for me. When she got close enough, I reached out and pulled her in and kissed her. She pushed her tongue inside my mouth, and we began to kiss passionately.

Within moments of our embrace, April ran her hand down the front of my chest, and then slid it inside the band of my Santa pants. Without any hesitation, she slipped her hand inside the fly of my boxers and wrapped her fingers around my cock. She started gently stroking, and in no time I was fully erect–the head of my cock having pushed through the opening in my boxers and through the open velcro fly of the costume.

April looked down at what she'd done, and smiled back up at me. My raging hard on poked straight out into the air. "I'm a naughty little elf, aren't I Santa?" she said. Before I could catch my breath back enough to speak, April had dropped down on her knees and put my cock in her mouth.

My head was racing. All of this was very sudden, and while the bank wasn't open for business at the moment, there were still lots of people in the building and we were in a room with a door that didn't lock. It wasn't long before I forgot all about that, though, as April sucked my cock like a pro. 

She had one hand wrapped around my shaft and the other cupping my balls as she bobbed her head up and down with incredible skill. Damn she was sexy! She kept almost constant eye contact with me as she sucked and jerked me, and soon I had to lean back on the sink because my legs were getting weak. Her pretty face filled with my hard dick as she knelt on that men's room floor was a sight to see, and her elf costume, along with my being dressed as Santa, was a little twisted in some way but very erotic at the same time.

Just when I thought there was no way this moment could get any better, April deep throated my entire cock all the way to my balls and held me there for what seemed an eternity. She gagged a little and the vibration from it reverberated right up my spine. I don't think I have ever been that hard in my entire life. When she pulled me back out of her mouth, she looked up and said "you're going to shoot a big load, aren't you Santa?" I just nodded. 

I was getting really close to cuming, and I think April knew it even before me. She kept stroking my cock with one hand while she used the other to pull her costume top down enough to expose her gorgeous tits. They weren't overly large, but perfectly shaped with chiseled nipples poking out at me.

She leaned forward and began flicking the tip of her tongue on the head of my cock in earnest, and as she stroked me and continued to lick I could feel the pressure building inside. She pulled back slightly and looked up at me with the most sex filled eyes I'd ever seen. That was all it took to take me beyond the point of no return.

The first shot of cum caught us both by surprise and flew so far and hard that it actually went over her head and onto the floor behind. The second stream came immediately after the first. While it wasn't nearly as powerful, it was much larger and landed up into her hair, all along her face, and even down on her chest leaving a pearly white trail the entire way. With that she quickly leaned forward and put my cock back in her mouth as pulse after pulse continued to let lose. I could feel her tongue swirling around the now very sensitive head of my cock as she tried to swallow. April continued sucking me until my orgasm subsided, and then pulled my cock from her mouth with an audible pop. She was wearing quite a bit of cum, and as she slid her tongue up the underside of my cock one last time she giggled at the mess we'd made.

"Am I going to be on the naughty or nice list now, Santa?" she asked with her best dirty girl voice. "Oh fuck," I moaned. "The naughty list is nice, baby."

April cleaned up a little and then left to go change. I finished getting out of my Santa suit. As I packed Santa away in the duffel, I couldn't help but laugh. "I wonder if good old Chris Cringle ever got his knob polished that well?" Maybe Debra was right. Being Santa was going to have its advantages.

*

It had been a full week since my first day as Santa. April and I had hooked up later that night for some good old fashioned fucking, but things had remained very casual since. It was Friday again, and this time I was actually looking forward to playing Santa. Hell, I even got dressed in the full costume before heading to work.

Seeing the expressions people had as I drove past them in traffic made me laugh. And, when I got to work people honked and waived as I walked along the sidewalk into the branch. Some little fucker in a lowered wannabe race car made some smart ass comment as he drove by, and I shot him the finger before I remembered there were other people around that probably would be upset by Santa engaging in such activities. I guess you can take Santa out of the hood, but you can't take...never mind.

When I got inside, I was greeted by all the tellers in unison. "Morning Santa!"

"Morning ladies," I replied. "How are my elves this morning?"

They all laughed and went on getting ready for the branch to open its doors for business. I wandered into my office and did my usual good job of pretending to work for the rest of the day. I think I might have actually even done a loan or two that morning, but don't quote me on that.

More than anything the entire staff was really in a good mood about that evening's planned festivities. I guess branch Christmas parties were a little notorious for getting out of hand, and it sounded like most of my coworkers really liked to cut loose when they got the chance.

As closing time approached, the atmosphere in the bank steadily degenerated from anything approaching a professional financial institution into something just slightly better organized than a frat party. Cocktails had already begun to flow in certain circles of the building, and I must confess that I was well lubricated long before the doors closed for the night.

When the place did finally did get locked up, the shades went down and what had been fairly hidden debauchery became joyously open. Someone cranked up Christmas music on the building's sound system, and everyone was laughing and carrying on. Frankly I was shocked that any of the tellers balanced their cash drawers that night. I'd had enough to drink that I don't think I could have managed to count the fingers on my own hand half-an-hour after closing–let alone all that money.

Once everyone had finished up their business we all gathered in the lobby on the couches and chairs and socialized. Sandy, the operations officer for the branch, brought out an enormous bowl of "punch" that she'd made in the break room, and one of the tellers brought in a couple trays of shooters made with gelatin that had been safely hidden in the refrigerator all day. I'd only worked with these people for a couple months at this point, but I had to say they really knew how to throw my kind of office party.

Not too long after closing, the spouses and significant others of several of my coworkers showed up and joined in the fun. Sure, having that many people in the branch after closing was a no-no according to company policy, but then getting drunk and puking in the recycling bin is frowned on as well I'm sure.

I looked over with what was my one remaining good eye at that point, and noticed my boss Debra motioning me over. She told me that there was a bunch of gifts in her office, and that I should go get the sack and pass them out.

What I found in her office was a large, red velvet bag filled with several small, but very nicely wrapped, presents. I threw the sack over my shoulder, and made my way back into the lobby doing my best imitation of Santa the whole way.

I handed out the presents to everyone with all the fanfare expected of an official office Santa, and each was a gag gift of one sort or another. I learned later that Debra used a portion of the funds the branch won each year in company-wide promotional competitions to buy the gifts, and she really went all out to get things that fit everyone's quirks.

After I'd handed out all the gifts, I opened mine. It was a pair of pantyhose with a space for a penis. When I opened them, all the ladies laughed. I did too. Debra remarked that "if I was going to fit in around there, I'd need a set of those that fit properly." It was really very funny.

As with most parties the drinking continued, and everyone began to break off into smaller groups to carry on conversations and such. I was really starting to buzz pretty hard when I decided one more drink wouldn't kill me and I headed for the punch bowl. On the way there I noticed flashing lights coming from the copy room.
