 Tony was about the first thing I saw when I arrived at his party. I hadn't seen him in over a week, and it was his birthday, so I had something very special in mind for him tonight. He was talking to Cassie and another man I hadn't met before when I joined them.

"Happy birthday, Tony," I said, and leaned against him as I kissed him on the lips.

"Thanks, Lisa," he replied.

"Hi Cassie," I said, as I gave her a kiss.

"Hi darling. Have you met Martin?" she asked.

"No," I said, and put my hand out for him to shake. "Hi Martin, it's nice to meet you."

"You too, Lisa," he said, shaking my hand firmly.

"It's Martin's birthday as well," Cassie said. "He's in my Bible study group, and when I found out it was his birthday I had to invite him along."

Looking at Cassie, I said, "Are you..." as I raised one eyebrow. I was curious whether this was Cassie's latest man

"No," she replied firmly.

"Are you having a fun birthday?" I asked, looking at Tony.

"Well, the party's only just begun. But I guess I can't complain too much considering I'm a year older."

"I have something special which I'll give you later," I said with a sly smile.

"What?"

I moved my mouth to his ear and whispered, "Your birthday blowjob, silly."

"There's no time like the present, Lisa," he said.

"No, I want to say hello to everyone first," I said. "Excuse me."

It had been fun telling Tony I was going to give him head tonight. It had been especially fun telling him right in front of Cassie and her friend. I wanted Tony to anticipate his present, to build up a little excitement about it. I was going to come back and take him off to the bedroom after I had said hello to everyone else at the party.

Ezra was across the room and I walked over to him smiling.

"Hi Ez," I said, as I put my arms around him to give him a kiss.

"Hi," he said, as he stepped back, avoiding my embrace and kiss.

I looked him the eye and asked, "What's the matter, Ez? Are you mad at me?"

"You've been a busy girl, Lisa," he said, in a low voice, outrage all over his face and posture.

My stomach filled with butterflies, here it was, the moment I knew had to come. I'd been looking forward to it and dreading it. My men had obviously been talking and Ezra had found out about the others. This was when I would find out what my friends really thought of me. It was exhilarating, knowing there were people who knew what I had been doing, but I was also feeling vulnerable, I could feel the tears ready to burst forth if I handled this poorly. 

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Me, Paul, Jim, all in one week. That's pretty busy."

"Is that what's bothering you? What I do with them has nothing to do with you and I."

"It's got everything to do with me. With us. I thought I was special. I thought we did something special. I never hoped to have you as my girlfriend, but I thought I meant something to you. Now I find out you're doing it with everyone. I'm just one more guy to you." As he spoke his shoulders slumped lower and lower and a forlorn expression grew on his face.

"It's far from everyone, Ez. It's some of my closest friends. I wanted to express what I feel for my friends in the most intimate personal way I could, you amongst them. You are special, Ez, you're all special to me.

"If I want to have sex with my friends, and they want to have sex with me, I will. You're one of them. I thought you were happy about being with me. I thought we had fantastic sex. Would you rather I slept with them and not you?"

"No," he said, beginning to look rejected.

"Just because I'm sleeping with them doesn't mean you're any less important to me. I'll make it up to you, you'll see."

"How?" he asked.

"Anyway you like," I said. It was clear to me that Ezra was understandably confused, I had drawn him into a situation that no one could ever really be prepared for. I needed him to understand that while he wasn't my boyfriend he still had rights, that there was give and take in our relationship, whatever one might call it. I'd go to almost any length to prove this to him, but it would take more than words.

He thought for a moment. "Tomorrow night. I want you tomorrow night. Any plans you have, change them. Tomorrow night, you're mine." His face was a mask of determination. I knew I couldn't refuse this request and remain his friend.

"Okay, I can do that for you."

"I want you to wear something special for me, will you do that?" he asked, his expression changing slightly, still determined, but with a mischievous curl of the lips.

"Maybe, what do you want me to wear?"

"Something short, sexy, easy to take off. Maybe a wrap."

"What have you got in mind? It sounds naughty."

"It's a surprise. You'll like it though. But this is for me, to show me I'm special to you, okay?" he asked, the determination was gone, and now he looked like nothing more than a mischievous schoolboy with his hand in the cookie jar.

"Okay, sexy, I'm all yours tomorrow night, to do anything with that you want."

"You know that top's see through from a distance, right?" he asked, leering at me.

His sudden shift of direction caught me completely off guard, and I didn't have the faintest notion of what he was talking about. "What do you mean?" I asked.

"When you were walking over I could see your tits plain as day."

"No way. It's a little translucent, is all. You can't see my boobs though."

"I could see everything. When the light falls just right, everyone can see your tits and perky little nipples."

I giggled, involuntarily. "Maybe I should have worn a bra."

"No way, if you've got it flaunt it, and you've definitely got it."

"I'm going to say 'Hi' to people, Ez," I said, as I leaned towards him and kissed him lightly on the lips. I knew he was feeling better when he grabbed my arse.

"I'm glad we're good again," I said, as I turned and left.

My biggest fear had been being judged by my friends. I hadn't expected that they would become jealous of one another. It was a relief that Ezra had reacted the way he had. I could hopefully fix the jealousy by meeting his needs, but judgement could be a little more difficult. And if it meant spending a kinky night with Ezra, well in truth it sounded like a lot of fun.

I wandered around the party, saying my hellos. Several of the boys commented, with wicked grins, that my top was see-through. Ironically, I had tried to dress modestly that night, but it just doesn't seem to be in my nature. It seems that even when I try to be good I end up being naughty. It may have been unintentional, but it was no less exciting to me that people could see my breasts.

I was wearing a pair of jeans and a flowing black chiffon top with a plunging neckline. The top has two layers, so it gives a hint of what is underneath, without being completely transparent. Or so I thought. Apparently, from the right angle and with the right light, it leaves nothing to the imagination.

Tony, Cassie and her friend were in animated conversation when I returned. I slipped my hand into Tony's and whispered in his ear, "Are you ready for your birthday present, baby?"

"I've been ready for an hour, you tease," he said.

I turned to Cassie and her friend, and said, "I have to borrow Tony for a little while. I promise to bring him back soon."

I led Tony by the hand back to his bedroom. When we had the door closed behind us he took me in his arms and kissed me passionately. He ran his hands over my body, touching me in sensitive places and heating my blood. I walked us to his bed and he fell back on it in a sitting position.

"I missed you this week," he said.

As I knelt in front of him I looked up, smiled, and said, "I missed you too, baby."

Then I started undoing his pants. By the time I had them undone he was already half erect. When I had them off, his penis was lying back and pointing up at him. I took it in one hand and began stroking it. I felt it hardening even more in my hand.

When I looked up at Tony he was watching me, smiling. I smiled back at him, and continued to look him in the eye as I took his balls in my mouth. His smile grew as he watched me suck and lick his testicles. I sucked the entire sack into my mouth and flicked it with my tongue, then I let it slip out of my mouth with a popping sound. I slowly licked all the way up and down his cock getting it nice and slippery with my saliva, then I stroked the full length of it with one hand, while I continued to lick and suck his balls.

Whenever I looked up at him, he was watching me. Watching me suck his balls or lick his cock. I kept smiled and looked him in the eyes as I took his cock in my mouth and slid all the way down the shaft until my face was pressed against him. Then slowly I lifted my head back up his length sliding my lips along the entire shaft.

"Happy birthday," I said, looking him in the eye.

Then I plunged my mouth rapidly all the way down his shaft, and back up, and down, and back up again, causing him to moan out loud.

I slipped my hand up his shirt and ran my finger over his nipple. When I felt it harden I began pinching it gently. With my other hand I held the shaft of his cock tightly while I licked and sucked the end of it and flicked the tip with my tongue.

"That's it baby, suck my cock... suck it. Now take the whole thing... suck the whole thing into your mouth... I want to feel my cock in your throat."

I followed his instructions, sucking the entire length of his cock into my mouth so the tip hit the back of my throat. Then I began to slide my mouth up and down the length of it, gripping it firmly with my lips. I moved my hand that had been on his shaft up his back, digging my nails into his flesh.

"Faster," he said, watching me. "Oh fuck yeah, faster, baby, faster."

Again I followed his instructions and began to bob my head up and down on his cock, gliding my lips and tongue along the length of his cock, faster and faster with every thrust, until I was rapidly slipping my mouth up and down his shaft as he let out soft moans with each movement of my head.

Each stroke of my lips along the length of his cock made a soft wet slurping sound. Occasionally, my lips made a smacking sound when my mouth slipped off the end of his cock.

In time with the slurping noises I was making, he was moaning and saying "Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah," over and over.

It was clear from his moans that he was getting close to cumming, and this encouraged me to thrust my mouth along his shaft faster. With each stroke I slid my lips from the very root of his cock all the way along the length to the very tip, and then back down again, and up, and down, over and over.

"I'm cumming, baby, I'm cumming," he said, as he groaned with orgasmic pleasure.

I watched him as he came, and saw the ecstasy passing over his face. Our eyes locked as I sucked his cock and swallowed his load. I continued to thrust his shaft in and out of my mouth as he unloaded spurt after spurt of hot cum into me. I thought he would never stop cumming, and I had to swallow time and time again to get the full load down.

When he was finally finished, I said, "That was a lot of cum baby, you just kept on shooting more and more in my mouth."

"It was a whole week's worth gorgeous, I was saving it up for you! Did you like it?"

"Yeah, honey, the more there is, the better. I wish you could have shot it all over me though, you would have smothered me."

"Wow, I'd like to see that," he said, "but I guess we should get back to the party."

"Yeah," I said, "but wait a minute please, let me put on some fresh lipstick."

After putting on fresh lipstick, I popped a mint in my mouth, and said, "All done, baby, let's go."

We re-entered the party and joined in a conversation with Chris. When he saw us, Chris gave us both a big smile, saying to me, "Hi Lisa, how have you been?" He leaned over me and gave me a kiss on the cheek, which I returned with a kiss on his.

"I've been fine," I said.

Chris looked at Tony, and said, "You look fucked, mate; the trip must have really taken it out of you!"

"I don't know if it was the trip, but something's really sucked the life out of me," he said.

I had to conceal my amusement. I had just sucked the life out of him. "I need a drink," I said. "Can I get anyone anything?"

No one needed a refill, so I went and got myself a glass of bubbly. I felt I deserved it after my performance for Tony.

When I returned to Chris and Tony, they had been joined by Cassie's friend, Martin. The three of them were grinning at me lewdly.

"What are you lot grinning about?" I asked.

"Well, it's my birthday too," Chris said.

"And mine," Martin chimed in.

"And Tony was telling us how he got the life sucked out of him, and we were wondering when you were going to give us our presents," Chris said.

My God! Tony had told them what we'd done. I had no doubt that Tony knew he was doing telling the other two birthday boys and that he was setting me up. I realised I was excited that Tony had told Chris and Martin. I could put them back in their place easily enough, but the idea of giving head to two men who were virtual strangers to me was exciting. I decided to see where it might lead.

"Oh I see. Well, when's your birthday Chris?"

"The day after tomorrow."

"Well, it hasn't happened yet, which is too bad. But Paul's having a barbeque that day, so maybe I could give you your present then?

"What about you, Martin, when's your birthday?"

"Today," he said.

"Are you sure? You wouldn't lie to me, just to get your present, would you?"

"Never, I'm a good Christian boy, just ask Cassie."

"Well, with references like that, I will just have to take you at your word."

"Hey! Not fair," said Chris. "I can't come on Sunday, I won't have another chance to get my present."

"Well, it's your own fault really. But I'll tell you what, I usually have very strict rules, but because I like you Chris, I'll make an exception tonight, and give you your present early."

I turned to Tony and said, "You're not going to surprise me with someone else's birthday later are you?"

"Nope, that's it, just the three of us."

"Okay then. Come with me you two," I said, as I turned away and headed back towards the bedroom.

Tony's attitude towards me having other men was completely different from Ezra's. It seemed Tony wanted me to be with other men, was encouraging it, was actually going out of his way to set it up. Truth be told I think I preferred a little jealousy. It made it a little difficult with Ezra, but it left me with no uncertainty that Ezra wanted me.

Once in the bedroom with Chris and Martin, I smiled at them and positioned Chris up against a set of book shelves. Smiling I began to rub his crotch through his pants.

"What do you think boys, is this going to be fun?" I asked, looking at one and then the other.

"Oh yeah," they both answered simultaneously.

I knelt in front of Chris and undid his pants, lowering them to floor and releasing his cock. It sprang up into my face and I looked at Martin as I engulfed it with my mouth. Martin's face was covered in awe, which only grew as I took Chris' full length in my mouth. When I could feel the head pressing against my throat, I slowly slid my mouth back up his shaft.

Giving head always turns me on. I had just finished giving a headjob a few minutes ago, and now I had another cock in my mouth. I was wet and getting wetter with every passing moment. Having Martin in the room watching me go down on Chris made me even more excited.

As hard as it was, I managed to restrain myself, and slowly licked my way from the head of Chris' cock down to the base. I fondled it gently with my hand, and rubbed the head against the soft skin of my lips and cheek. I watched Chris as I licked his cock all over, making it nice and slippery. He was watching me as I licked him, but every now and then his eyes would roll back in his head and he would lean back and moan.

Each time I looked at Martin he was staring intently. He could not take his eyes off what was happening right in front of him. I could see the bulge of his own erect cock making a tent in his pants.

I took Chris' cock in my mouth again and slowly slid my mouth down the shaft until my lips met his pelvis. I shook my head side to side gently, rubbing the head against the back of my throat. Chris began to moan uncontrollably as I used my throat on his head, it wouldn't be long before he was shooting his load.

Martin was stroking his cock through his pants as he watched me deep throat Chris. I gestured him over with one hand. When he was within reach I unzipped his pants and slid my hand in. I stroked his cock and rubbed the head with the palm of my hand. I could feel the wetness of his precum as it oozed onto my hand.

I began to slowly slide my head up and down the full length of Chris' shaft. As I did this, I removed my hand from Martin's pants, and unbuttoned them with one hand. When they slipped to the floor I pulled his shorts down, releasing his cock. I stroked it from the base to the head, spreading his slippery precum.

With one cock in my mouth and another in my hand, I began to increase the tempo of the strokes of both my mouth and my hand. Chris and Martin were both moaning now, letting out soft groans with each of my strokes.

"I'm gonna cum!" Chris said, and then, "Oh, God, I'm cumming!"

After I felt his first shot enter my mouth I slipped my mouth off his cock. I positioned the head at my mouth and began stroking his shaft firmly with my free hand. I smiled as I let Chris and Martin watch as shot after shot of hot cum spurted straight into my mouth.

After Chris had finished cumming, I swallowed his load and began to gently lick and suck the head of his cock. I squeezed the last drops of cum out of him and licked it from his head. Each time I licked the tip his whole body twitched.

I looked over at Martin, and saw precum oozing out of his cock. I turned towards him and licked the salty juice off the tip. I ran my hand along the shaft, squeezing gently, forcing more to dribble out, which I greedily licked up.

I looked up at him as I asked, "How are you doing?"

"I'm good," he murmered. "I'm fantastic. You're fantastic."

Chris was leaning back against the bookshelves in a stupor. He looked at us from time to time, but did not appear to be completely aware of his surroundings.

I took Martin's member in my mouth and began to slide up and down on it rapidly. He looked like he was already very close to cumming, so there was no need to start slowly.

Martin groaned loudly as I lowered my mouth over his entire shaft and let the head enter my throat. When I felt him inside me I shook my head as I had done with Chris, rubbing the head with my throat.

Books fell crashing to the floor as Martin leaned back suddenly, saying, "Oh God, oh God, yeah, don't stop, yeah, don't stop, oh God don't stop!"

He was very close to cumming now, and I slid my mouth quickly up and down on his shaft. My nose was bumping against his pelvis with each thrust. He let out a long guttural groan and began spurting his spunk into my mouth. I swallowed shot after shot and felt his thick hot cum sliding down my throat.

I sat back and looked up at my two men. Chris appeared to have recovered his senses, but Martin looked as dazed now as Chris had been moments before.

"God, Lisa," Chris said, "you could kill a man like that."

I just smiled at him, wiped my mouth, and reapplied my lipstick. I didn't want to speak. I didn't trust my voice at the moment. I was insanely aroused, and I was regretting wearing jeans. I really needed to touch myself. Then I thought of Ezra. Perfect!

We went back downstairs and returned to the party. As I walked down the stairs I scanned the crowd for Ezra. I spotted him near the snacks and headed over.
