 It was a cold morning, Nicky woke up to find it had snowed again, even though the weather had been in the 70's just days before. Getting up out of bed she stretched her long lean legs noticing that between them a bit of moisture was present, most likely from the fantasies that had played themselves out in her dreams. 

Today was not just any snowy day, today was Nicky's 4 year anniversary with her boyfriend and now fiancée Michael. Nicky and Michael met in highschool and had only started fucking two years into their relationship. The wait seemed to have paid off, Nicky was often overcome with desire, wanting to make up for the two years that they had waited. It had made her a kind of nymphomaniac, constantly wanting to feel Michael's prick inside her.

Nicky had planned a very special day for the two of them. In anticipation she reached between her legs and felt the warm wetness of her folds, gently pulling on her lips and dipping her pinky into her still-tight hole. Soon her other petite fingers found their way into her pussy, moving in circles, slowly stretching out her lips to engulf her full fist. She let her hips ride up and down on her balled up fist, imagining that instead of her small hands it was Michael's cock buried deep inside her. In her mind she played back the last time she had made love to Michael, her body under his, his meat impaling her in long deep thrusts, she imagined the look on his face right before he blew his load in her, the thoughts of his rod shooting his sweet seed into her sent her over the edge and into the beginning of a delicious climax. She could feel her pussy tightening around her fist and at the same time she could feel droplets of her spunk oozing out of her and running down her wrists. With that, she quickly popped her fist out of her, taking care to lick her juice off her fingers. She decided she had better take a shower if she wanted to be ready in time for her special date.

After a quick shower, Nicky pulled on her sexiest bra, taking time to place her large breasts just perfectly in the lacy cups. She decided on a micro mini and a white button up shirt, but in her rush to get dressed she forgot to put on any panties. As she ran her fingers through her wet hair, she decided she wasn't going to need them anyway.

Michael was on time, as always, and picked her up promptly at noon. When he showed up at her door, she could see a bulge growing in his pants, a bulge that made her instantly wet. They got into his car and drove to the quaint restaurant just down the street for a light lunch.

"I've got something very special planned for tonight," said Nicky mischievously.

Michael winked back, excited at the thought of getting Nicky out of her revealing outfit "Really? Well I've got no plans other than to be with you all night, so I'm game!"

Under the table Nicky squeezed Michael's thigh, letting her hand linger and roam up towards his manhood. Hardly able to contain their passion, they ate quickly never letting their eyes stray from one another.

Nicky nervously checked her watch. "Mike, we really should be getting back soon."

Curiously he replied "What's the rush, hon?"

"You'll see..." came her reply.

They drove home as fast as they could and once there, Nicky instructed Michael to wait outside for a few minutes. Michael found this a little strange, as Nicky seemed to be more than anxious to hike up her skirt and he didn't know why she was stalling. He also noticed a strange car parked on the street in front of Nicky's house. Brushing it off, he waited somewhat impatiently for her to call him into the house.

Still wondering what his naughty fiancée was up to, Michael tried the door knob, calling inside to Nicky, "Sugar, can I come in yet?"

There was no reply. This made Micheal a little anxious, and thinking that maybe something was wrong he let himself in and went to look for her.

As he closed the door to the house he thought he heard soft moaning from the upstairs bedroom, maybe this was what Nicky had planned for him. He felt the blood rush to his member, excited by the mysteriousness of it all.

Walking up the stairs he could hear water running as if someone were taking a shower. And indeed as he came into the bedroom he saw that the bathroom was beginning to steam up, but that did not hold his attention for long.

On her big four poster bed lay Nicky, her legs spread eagle, her tight twat impaled by what looked to be a larger-than-life dildo. She had her head propped on a pile of pillows and one hand gently rubbed her clit as the other lazily pumped the fake cock in and out of her. Feeling his pants grow increasingly tighter, Michael undid his belt, and pulled out his swollen meat. 

"Glad you decided to join us," Nicky said with a sweet smile.

Michael made his way over to the bed, his prick leading the way. He put his hand between Nicky's legs grabbing onto the balls of the dong and pulling it out in one quick movement.

"Hey!" cried Nicky, "That's not fair!"

But before she could continue to protest Michael's cock replaced the dong. The mixture of his precum and her already gooey pussy made for a slippery entrance.

AS he began to pump away at his fiancée, taking time to pull at her erect nipples, he had just one question for her.

"Sugar, why is the shower running?" 

She winked at him, but said nothing, her arms wrapping around his torso her hands reaching to his backside and forcing him deeper into her.

The question was as good as forgotten. Nicky had obviously been working her pussy pretty hard before he had come in because she came soon after he began thrusting into her. He felt her tight lips contract around his huge dick, and heard her start to let out the sweet whimpers of her first orgasm.

As she came, he heard the water turn off in the shower, curious, he pulled out his cock and again asked Nicky, "Why was the water running?"

But this time, though she said nothing, she didn't have to say anything to explain.

Nicky's friend Scott who she talked about every now and then from work came out of the shower, his member already stiff in his hand. Closely behind him was a woman neither Nicky nor Michael had ever seen before. Scott held the hand of this mystery woman in one hand and his cock in the other, pulling her toward the big four poster bed.

Michael looked down confused at Nicky, still sprawled out on the bed, and asked her what was going on.

"Happy anniversary," she replied, getting up to her knees and moving toward Scott who had come and sat down on the bed.

Michael watched as his fiancée climbed over Scott and slowly lowered her just-fucked pussy onto the obviously thicker, longer cock of her friend. As she took in every inch of his member, Michael could see her wince a bit from the pain of having something so large enter her. The woman Scott had brought to the bed with him knelt at the foot of the bed, as if she were waiting for something to begin. Michael watched as Nicky began to ride Scott's bulging prick, Scott's hands groping roughly at Nicky's large, firm tits.

Aroused at the sight of his soon to be wife fucking another man, and obviously enjoying it, Michael began to stroke his own cock. As if on cue, the woman Scott had brought in with him came over to where Michael was jerking his meat, and took his member into his mouth. Michael moaned with pleasure as this foreign mouth took in his entire length. The woman, with her long brown hair and massive tits sucked him harder and faster than Nicky ever had, cupping his balls with one hand and gently probing his ass with the other.

"Oh God," cried Michael, placing his hand on the head of the woman who was sucking his meat better than anyone ever had. He looked over at Nicky, and was surprised to see that she was now on all fours, with Scott standing behind her, his thick meat ready to impale her. Her pussy lips hung slightly downward, stretched out from Scott's girth.

Michael could hardly take his eyes away from his fiancee's ass as it gently swayed in the air, tempting the well-hung man behind her to take it. He watched as Scott began to move his hands up and down his shaft, seemingly masturbating, aimed right at Nicky's nasty parts.

The woman giving Mike head took his cock out of her throat and asked him, "If you're so interested in what they are doing over there, why don't we go and join them?"

Mike didn't hesitate a second, letting the woman grab his dick and roughly pull him toward the big bed.

"By the way, you can call me Jeanette," said the woman, lowering herself onto the bed.

Jeanette lay down next to Nicky positioning her body so that her breasts were at the perfect place for Nicky to suck on her large pearl like nipples. 

Michael did not hesitate in moving toward where Jeanette lay, positioning himself at the mouth of her gaping hole. Scott looked over at Michael and asked him to take over his job, which at that moment didn't look like much more than masturbating Scott's dick. So Michael reached over and began jerking Scott's dick off, and at the same moment, Scott reached over and placed his hand on Mike's throbbing prick. Both men were aimed right at the women's holes, just waiting for a climax, but the women could have cared less.

Nicky and Jeanette were engaged in a deep passionate kiss, their hands fondling each other's breasts, pulling and pinching at each other's bright pink nipples. At the sight of the women sloppily kissing and playing with each other, Michael began to feel his balls tighten, and his cock began to pulse in Scott's hand. Feeling the first waves of his orgasm coming on, Michael removed Scott's hand from his cock and pushed himself into Jeanette's twat, just in time to shoot three powerful shots of his fuck juice into her.

Letting out a scream, Jeanette began to writhe beneath Michael, her pussy clenching on his member, drawing him deeper into her and milking his dick for all the juice she could get.

Nicky looked over her shoulder to see Michael at the end of his first orgasm, loving what she saw, she looked over at Scott and said, "Damnit Scott, get in my pussy now, or I want my money back!"

Scott wasn't one to take orders from a woman, especially one who was on all fours, so instead of complying and placing his swollen cock in Nicky's cunt, he opted for the road less traveled. In one quick and rather inconsiderate movement he took his fat prick and shoved it into Nicky's ass. Nicky screamed from the pain, Michael had only ever tried to take her there once, and it didn't amount to much as it had made her uncomfortable. Soon though, Scott began moving himself in and out of her ass with ease, and Nicky's pain subsided to the intense pleasure of having her ass full. 

Michael pulled his semi flaccid dick out of Jeanette and watched as Nicky's ass got fucked viciously, Scott's hands grabbing at her lower back pulling her on and off of his cock. Mike felt his member start to stiffen in his hand, and this time decided to join Nicky once again. Pushing Jeanette aside, Mike moved underneath Nicky's body, his head lying on the bed, looking up as Nicky's breasts bounced back and forth with each thrust above him. Pulling Nicky close to him, Mike's jiz covered dick easily slides into her pussy, forcing Scott to kneel by the bed to keep his member in Nicky's ass.

Soon they find a rhythm, Scott sliding out of Nic's ass, and Michael sliding in to her pussy. Michael could feel Scotts balls slap up against his with every thrust, and it wasn't long before the double stuffed delight had all three close to cumming.

Jeanette had resumed Nicky's former position, sitting in a chair watching the sex spectacle and impaling her sweet slutty pussy with Nicky's already cream covered dildo.

Both men soon felt Nicky's pussy start to shudder, as she cried out,

"Holy shit! I'm going to spunk all over you both!"

No sooner had she said it than her hot girl cream started oozing out of her pussy, spurting out in the tight spaces left between her and Michael's cock. Scott could take it not a second longer and felt his dick start to shoot. He shot his first 4 shots deep into her ass, but pulled out for the last two to squirt them on her ass cheeks and finally onto her already stuffed hole.

Michael soon followed suit, his cock surging into his lovely fiancées cunt. He pulled her closer, shooting his seed so deep he was sure it shot straight up her cervix. 

Mike felt his dick slowly grow limp inside her, and their juices slowly started leaking out, mixing with the seed, Scott had carefully placed at her opening. 

"Happy anniversary sweetie, 4 years, 4 people, it only gets better each year," said Nicky with a wink.

Over in the corner Jeanette looked spent having just finished her own tiny explosion of an orgasm.

And on the bed the hot sticky, cum covered bodies collapsed, now all badly in need of a shower...

To be continued.