 After we returned from our honeymoon, my new wife and I spent a few more days in Colorado before heading back to New Jersey, in part so that we could help celebrate Tiffany’s graduation from junior college.  Her best friend from around the corner, Stacey, was graduating, also.  Stacey is actually more my type than Tiffany; she’s taller with long, thick, dark brown hair, long legs and bigger boobs.  The afternoon after the graduation ceremony, Stacey came around to my in-laws house before she and Tiffany headed out to celebrate with their friends.  She was wearing what I would call a “baby doll” dress, sort of like what Courtney Love seemed to favor – very short, snug around the boobs but loose from there down to the hem.

After they left, I couldn’t help but wonder what sort of underwear one would wear under a dress like that because I would think you’d have to assume that at some point someone would be seeing it.  I tried not to think about Stacey in her underwear for too long because, despite all of the sex I’d had between the night before the wedding and every night since with my new wife, there was still the risk that I’d pop a woody sitting right there in my in-laws’ living room.

Even though we were now married, my wife and I were still sleeping apart in her parents’ house.  It wasn’t out of a sense of decorum or anything admirable like that, it was purely for the sake of comfort.  There was still a bed in her old bedroom, but it was too small for both of us, so I slept in the guest bed down in the basement.  The night of Tiffany and Stacey’s graduation, I was awakened when a dim light was turned on beside the bed I was sleeping in.  I rolled over and saw Tiffany standing beside the bed near the light while Stacey stood at the foot still wearing that baby doll dress.

Tiffany sat beside me and leaned down to kiss me while her hand slipped under the covers seeking out my growing organ.  She was pleased to discover that I was sleeping in the buff.  While she stroked my tool, she explained that she had shared with Stacey not only the details of our fling the previous summer, but also the details of the wedding gift she and Deb had arranged.  Stacey had been disappointed that she’d been left out, so Tiffany brought her over, assuming that I wouldn’t mind.  It was a safe assumption.

I asked Stacey to slowly remove just her dress while Tiffany turned down the covers to reveal my raging hard-on.  Smiling broadly, Stacey slowly raised the hem of the dark-colored dress to reveal a very sexy pair of dark-colored bikini panties beneath it.  I wondered how many other people had seen them on that day.  As Tiffany stroked my cock and fondled my balls, I watched as Stacey’s smooth stomach was revealed, followed by a sexy bra that matched her panties.  Her tits looked fantastic; I couldn’t believe I was actually going to get to see them and touch them.  Her head and mane of long hair popped free of the collar of the dress and she laid it aside.  I got up onto my knees and beckoned her toward me.  She got on her knees on the end of the bed and moved toward me, glancing down at my rigid cock bouncing in front of me.

Placing my hands on her naked waist, I leaned in toward her and we kissed.  I felt Tiffany move behind me, taking my cock in her hand once again and gently pumping it.  While my hands moved down to squeeze Stacey’s ass, Tiffany was rubbing my cock against Stacey’s pussy through her panties.  I slid my hands up to feel Stacey’s big tits, feeling her hard nipples pressing outward, then reached behind her and unclasped her bra.  I slid it down her arms and moved my hands back up to her bare tits.

I caressed the smooth underside, feeling their weight in my hands, before moving my palms up to massage her nipples.  We were still making out while my hands roamed all over her tits, but eventually I pulled back and lowered my head to lick and suck her hard nipples.  Her aureoles were large and darker pink than Tiffany’s, as were her nipples.  I alternated licking and sucking each of them while she ran her fingers through my hair and moaned softly.  I let one hand drop to the front of her panties and rubbed the damp material, feeling the texture of her bush beneath.  Rather than slipping my hand inside, I raised my head and asked her to lie on the bed.

She moved around so that she was on her back in the middle of the bed with her legs spread and me kneeling between them.  Tiffany was behind me standing at the end of the bed.  I ran my hands up Stacey’s long legs to her hips, where I took hold of her panties and began to pull them down.  Her pussy was surrounded by dark brown hair trimmed to a narrow strip.  She brought her legs together and up so that I could slide her panties off, then let her feet drop back onto the bed, but kept her knees bent.

I leaned down, still on my knees, and kissed my way down her inner thighs toward her pussy.  I felt Tiffany get onto the bed behind me and reach between my legs for my cock.  She stroked it a few more times as I was kissing around Stacey’s trim bush, then pushed my knees so that I would spread them farther apart.  As I started licking Stacey’s dripping slit, Tiffany positioned herself on her back between my legs and raised her head up to suck my cock into her mouth.

While I licked Stacey’s pussy, adding another favorite to the list of flavors I had sampled recently, Tiffany slid her lips up and down my rigid cock, reminding me what a great cocksucker she was.  Stacey had one hand on the back of my head and alternated fondling her tits with the other.  She was extremely wet and I wondered whether that had occurred just since they’d come in or if Tiffany had gotten her all worked up before they’d arrived.  In either case, there was a lot of pungent juice for me to slurp out of her slit before I moved my tongue up to lick her clit.

She let a little bit louder moan slip out once my fat tongue passed over her clit then pushed her pussy up against my face.  I guided one middle finger into her slippery slit and began pumping it in and out while licking and sucking her clit.  Her pussy was very snug; even with all the lubrication she was producing, slipping a second finger in would take some effort.  I couldn’t wait to cram my cock in there.

While I pumped my finger in and out of Stacey’s pussy and licked and sucked her clit, Tiffany was doing a masterful job of sucking my cock.  She was sucking it slowly, relishing it since she had gone without it for almost a year and had to rush through our encounter earlier in the visit.  The rate of Stacey’s breathing was increasing rapidly and she was humping her hips toward my face with each flick of my tongue.  Both of her hands were gripping my hair, holding me in place and pulling me against her pussy.

When she let go of my head and grabbed a pillow to hold over her face, I knew she was on the verge of a powerful orgasm.  I kept up what I was doing, enjoying having my face buried in a new pussy with the scents and flavors that came along with it.  Finally, one hand dropped to my head as she forced her pussy against my face while the other hand held the pillow against her mouth.  She shuddered through a long, drawn-out orgasm before eventually relaxing back onto the bed.  I don’t know if Tiffany was even aware that it had happened.

I raised my head from between Stacey’s legs and, as I rolled away from Tiffany’s talented mouth, I realized that she was still dressed.  She was wearing a short sundress, not as short as Stacey’s baby doll, but no less sexy.  The skirt was also bunched up around her waist and one of her hands was buried in her baby blue panties.  She sat up on the end of the bed and Stacey scooted down to help pull the dress over her head.

As Tiffany set it aside, Stacey was reaching around from behind her to cup her breasts.  While she fondled Tiffany’s breasts, I reached over and fondled her big beauties.  After a minute or two, she slid her hands back around and unhooked Tiffany’s baby blue bra.  As Tiffany pulled it down her arms, Stacey’s hands were back on her bare tits, lightly caressing her hard nipples.  This obviously was not the first time these two had hooked up.

When Tiffany stood to remove her panties, I helped her onto the bed and had her stand between Stacey and me as we each took a side of her panties in our teeth, pulling them down that way.  Once she’d stepped out of them, Stacey stuck her face between Tiffany’s legs and began licking her pussy.  While this was fun to watch, I still had a raging hard-on that was currently unattended.  I licked Stacey’s ear, fondled her tits and ran my fingers through her bush while she ate Tiffany out, then stood and cupped Tiffany’s ass in one hand and her tit in the other while making out with her.

Stacey noticed my cock throbbing near her face and started alternating between sucking it and licking Tiffany’s pussy.  Her lips felt fantastic sliding up and down my cock so I was tempted to just stand there until I blew a load down her throat.  I finally told her that she was being selfish, since she could go down on Tiffany any day of the week while my time with her was limited.  I said that it was my turn to eat Tiffany’s pussy.

I lay on my back in the middle of the bed and had Tiffany straddle my face.  As I was sticking my tongue out and running it up Tiffany’s dripping slit, I felt Stacey fondling my balls and stroking and sucking my cock.  When I felt her weight shifting around, I anticipated my cock slipping into her pussy and I was not disappointed.

I could feel her guide my cockhead between her slippery pussy lips, then heard her groan softly as she accepted my full girth into her snug pussy.  I was pumping a finger in and out of Tiffany’s pussy and licking and sucking her clit while Stacey began slowly riding up and down on my engorged cock.  Tiffany was humping against my tongue, riding my face, as Stacey picked up her pace, riding my cock.

The finger I had in Tiffany’s pussy was coated with her slippery juices while my other hand had a grip on her ass cheek.  Releasing her ass cheek, I reached for Stacey’s pussy and began stimulating her clit as she rode me.  Her pussy felt outstanding; she was tight and slick.  She appeared to be enjoying the feelings my cock was providing her as well.

In the heat of the moment, I decided to try something with Tiffany that I never had before.  I slipped my finger from her pussy and immediately sought out her asshole.  Her copious juices allowed me to slip it easily into her ass and I heard her gasp while she pushed her pussy harder against my face.  I slowly slid my finger in and out of her ass as she humped my face harder and faster.

In the meantime, Stacey was riding me hard and fast.  I was pushing my ass up off the bed, wanting to be as deep in that sweet pussy as I could possibly manage.  I was still rubbing my thumb lightly against her clit as she rode me, which I think was bringing her orgasm on even faster.  Although her pussy already felt unbelievable good, it continued to get better as it became more engorged as she closed in on her orgasm.  Tiffany was also in hot pursuit of her own orgasm and appeared to enjoy the anal penetration.  I doubted I’d get to explore that further during this visit, but it was something I’d definitely be thinking about for future encounters.

Stacey abruptly slowed down and I could feel the tremors she was experiencing transferring from her sweet pussy to my rigid cock.  I was very close to cumming, but not quite there yet, so I kept fucking her as she came and was briefly disappointed when she dismounted me upon finishing, leaving my cock throbbing and unsatisfied.  Before I could become too disappointed, however, I felt her hot mouth on my cock once again.  Her oral skills were outstanding, so I was quickly on my way to cumming again.  I wanted to watch my cock sliding in and out of her pretty face, though, so I focused on getting Tiffany to her orgasm, as well.

With the hand I’d been using to stimulate Stacey’s clit now free, I pushed a finger into Tiffany’s pussy and matched the thrusting of the one embedded in her ass while I continued to lick and suck her clit.  She was pushing hard against my face, her hands on the back of my head pulling me against her.  Finally, I felt her juices wash over my face as she came, shuddering, above me.  I lapped up as much as I could before she came down and moved off of my face, my fingers popping free from her orifices.

In the dim light, I was now able to see Stacey’s face, framed by her long, dark hair, as her mouth engulfed my rigid tool.  I was so close and watching her work was totally hot, so I could feel my cock begin to swell almost immediately.  Tiffany sat next to me and also watched as Stacey sucked my cock, while she caught her breath after her intense orgasm.  I ran my fingers through Stacey’s thick hair as I enjoyed the feeling of her warm, wet lips sliding up and down my tool.  I pushed my hips toward her face and she picked up her pace, both of us well aware that I was right on the brink.

With one hand pumping the base of my cock, Stacey bobbed her head up and down, sliding her lips up and down my shaft bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.  Finally, with a grunt, I started spewing into her waiting mouth.  She swallowed down all of my cum and didn’t release my cock until it started getting soft.  She crawled up the bed and lay next to me and I held her and Tiffany’s naked bodies against me all too briefly before they had to sneak back upstairs.

I took in as much of their naked bodies as I could before they pulled their dresses back over them.  Stacey picked up her panties, came and kissed me again, thanking me, then handed her panties to me to add to my collection.  Tiffany kissed me again, as well, then they tiptoed up to Tiffany’s room to sleep.  I tucked the new addition to my panty collection safely away with the rest of them, turned out the light, then passed out from sheer exhaustion.