 I'm Kirsten. A 27 year old redhead who is trying to get back into exploring the boundaries of her sexuality since taking a new job in a town 600 miles away. I'm 5'3", 125 pounds, and I have a nice figure. Well toned, thanks to a lot of working out, and fairly nice up top: 32C. Attractive, maybe even cute without being cutesy. More athletic than Victorias Secret I guess.

My first trip to the Adult Super Center (see The Viewing Room) was pretty intense, and it really broke me out of my depression and self pity. My desire to continue with my sexual explorations was once again a large focus in my life, and while I fully intended to return to the ABS on a busier evening, I decided to spread out my adventures there for a number of reasons. However, that left me with needing another avenue to fulfill my more pressing sexual needs.

When I first started my explorations, I had used Craigslist once to hook up with an african-american guy on a business trip. After that, I guess I was lucky enough to stumble into situations without looking at online ads. But now I was desperate, and I needed something to help jumpstart my luck.

I decided not to post my own ad for several reasons, which left the option of responding to one of the ads already posted. I looked though m4f, m4mw, and mm4w ads, quickly finding that the postings were most interesting in the latter two areas.

After a couple fruitless nights of searching, just before I was getting ready to go to bed, I ran across this ad in the mm4w section:

Nothing Stops a Train

:2 Clean professional Black Friends in the area this weekend for work..25 and 31.. we are looking to play with clean freaky female who is attractive by most standards - no unkempt or crazy women need reply. respond with pic, full description, and contact info... college chicks and subs to the front of the line but sexy will win also... looking for tonight

The pictures accompanying the ad showed two pretty well endowed guys really caught my eye. In the past, interracial encounters were among some of my hottest sexual adventures, and I was totally interested in further explorations along that line. I definitely wasn't a college chick anymore, but I thought I met the sexy criteria. Also, I confess that I do tend to get off on being submissive as long as it's not too disrespectful.

I moved the cursor over the reply button and hesitated. Looking at the pictures a little more intently, the warm feeling spreading from my groin through the rest of my body directed my action. Guys, you aren't the only ones whose decisions are guided by what's between your legs!

Choosing my email I had set up for just this purpose, I typed out the following reply:

:I saw your ad and thought I would reply. I am 27, so maybe older than you are looking for. But I'm fun, attractive, sexy, and not crazy! I'm also more sub than not. More so with the right guys. I'll let the pics speak for themselves for my physical description. And know I am too late for tonight, but I am generally free. Let me know if any of this interests you.

With the reply, I sent two pictures that I had taken earlier in the week with the expectation of responding to ads. The first was a full body shot of me naked standing with my feet crossed one in front of the other, pressing up on my toes like a dancer. My arms were raised high above my head with my hands pressed together. I stretched back to accentuate my chest. My head was hanging down with my hair covering my face. It took a while to get the whole thing right just using the timer on the camera! The second picture was shot from behind, as if the viewer was kneeling behind me. I am on my hands and knees. My back is arched, and I'm looking back over my right shoulder. Again, I covered my face with my hair.

I loaded the pics, hit send, and turned in for the night.

The next morning, I had a reply from the train guys.

:Tx for ur response. If this is real, we want to voice verify. In town through the weekend. Let us know.

Nervous about taking the final plunge, and sure I didn't want to give out my personal cell number, I decided to hold off on responding until I had figured something out. By the time I got to work that morning, I had solved my problem. At lunch I went to Best Buy and purchased a pre-paid phone and a card with more than enough minutes. Then I fired up my laptop as I sat in the parking lot, and I sent off my response.

:Very real and very serious. Interested in a meet this evening after work? Check each other out and see where it goes?

I included the name of a local brewery along with my new cell number, and hit send. As I was pulling into the parking lot back at work just a few minutes later, my phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hey. Serious about getting on board?" His voice was rich and smooth with just a hint of maybe an island accent.

I grinned to myself, and took the bull by the horns. "100% if you guys are interested in meeting later."

He laughed before assuring me that they were VERY interested if I was the real deal.

"Let's meet maybe around 8:00 at the Brewery I mentioned and you can find out." I bit my lower lip as I nervously waited for his reply. 

"We'll be there." 

It was hard to stay focused on work as I kept thinking about the pictures from their ad. They both had good sized cocks, and the thought of being spit roasted between them was making me wet. Finally, I just asked my supervisor if I could leave early. I headed back to my apartment to shower and get dressed while carefully avoiding any self pleasuring. It was torture, but I wanted to be really primed and ready if the guys were as cool and everything worked out. 

It was a nice warm evening, so I wore what my past FWB called my Laura Croft Tomb Raider outfit. Tan cargo shorts - not tight, but not too baggy, an olive colored sleeveless tee shirt, and my lightweight hikers. I went braless and commando just because it always felt so sexy and naughty being out in public like that. I pulled back my hair into a ponytail leaving just a few wisps of hair left loose. I checked myself out in the mirror, and liked what I saw. Adventurous, sexy, confident, playful. Perfect.

I walked in early, only to find they had already arrived. At least I was pretty sure it was them as they were the only two black guys at the bar. One of them raised his hand in greeting, and I walked over.

"Kirsten?" They both got up, and I tilted back my head to look up at them. I'm 5'2", they were each a foot taller (6" and 6" as they told me later).

My greeter reached out and engulfed my pale white hand in his huge dark one. "I'm Edward. This is Thomas. We were just debating whether or not you were going to show."

"Surprise." I managed to croak out. I was honestly a bit overwhelmed. I knew they were well endowed, but the pictures only showed their dicks. I didn't know they were very handsome, VERY in shape guys. Without any further fantasizing needed, my nipples began to get stiff. 

I blushed as I brushed a wisp of hair out of my face.

We ordered drinks and got to know each other through some general small talk. We were on our third drink, and the flirting had moved up a notch, when the guys suggested we move to a room that had just emptied out across from the bar. It was a separate space, just big enough for a couple sofas facing each other and a table between them. I sat on one sofa, and the guys took the other.

"So Kirsten." Thomas began. "You liked our ad."

Not trusting myself to keep my voice steady, I just nodded.

"We're not into, well you know...this is like a fun thing not..." He stumbled over his words.

I leaned over to pick up my beer from the table between us, motioning for them to lean toward me.

"Look. I'm not a hooker. I like to have fun, so I try to find...well, the right situations. I'm not a whore, but I can be a good little slut." I whispered as I took a sip of my beer while looking at them innocently over the top of my glass.

"Limits?" Thomas cocked his head and grinned at me.

"Nothing disgusting. No water sports. Nothing too painful, that would, like leave a bruise." I again brushed a stray lock of hair back from my face and tucked it behind my ear.

Edward arched his eyebrows as if surprised. "That's it."

I shyly shrugged my shoulders and nodded.

"So...still interested?" Thomas hesitantly asked.

"If you guy are. I'm in." I drained my half full glass, and set it on the table. 

By the bulges in their pants, I could tell they were more than ready. I giggled as both of the guys stood, trying to discreetly rearranged their packages so they could even walk straight.

I walked out ahead of them, stopping at the bottom of the stairs. "So, meet you there?"

Edward and Thomas looked sheepishly at each other before Edward spoke up. "Um, we caught a cab here. Can we get a lift?"

I pretended to be exasperated. "You guys are hopeless. Come on."

Edward hopped into the front passenger seat, and Thomas climbed in back behind me. Before I started to back out, I felt Thomas' hands on my bare shoulders about the same time Edward ran a hand along my lower thigh. I bit my lip and tried to ignore my body's response to the attention. Edward's hand slipped under the bottom leg of my shorts, pushing a little higher. Thomas' hands slipped under the top collar of my tee shirt and moved down to cup my breasts. 

I moaned out loud, but recovered, and slammed on the brakes before I totally lost control and crashed into something. I playfully slapped at their hands in mock anger.

"Guys! No...not here...not yet...stop!"

They looked at me like eager puppies, as I pretended to be mad. I gave each of them a stern look, before reaching over and pulling Edward close, kissing him firmly on the lips. 

"When we get to your room, you guys can do anything you want. I promise. " I looked over my shoulder at Thomas in the backseat. "Anything." I repeated firmly.

After a short ride to the hotel, we rode up to the 6th floor in silence. The atmosphere was thick with sexual tension. I was flush and beginning to break out in goosebumps as I considered the night ahead.

I was trembling, and I felt weak in the knees as we walked down the hall to their room. Edward opened the door, moving aside to let me enter first.

After turning on some lights, we all just kinda of looked at each other before Edward sat down in one of the chairs, and Thomas sat on the edge of the bed. 

Edward's voice was thick with barely contained lust. "Maybe you should show us what you got."

I blushed as I nodded and began to unbutton my shorts. Their eyes opened wide as I slid my shorts down enough to reveal that I was not wearing anything underneath. I hesitated, then bent down to untie my boots.

"Leave on the boots." Edward croaked.

I cocked my head and looked at Edward. 

He just shrugged. "It's hot."

My shorts were just baggy enough to pull my hiking boots through without too much trouble. I kicked my shorts aside and stood before my new friends wearing only my tee shirt and boots. Confession: I find it incredibly hot to be wearing something during sex. So standing there with my pussy exposed, in my boots and tee shirt, my hand resting on my cocked hip. Well. My pussy ached.

Noticing that their eyes had glazed over, I felt my own arousal rapidly building. My heart was pounding, my pussy was incredibly wet, my tits ached to be groped and mauled.

"Now what?" I teased.

Thomas stood up, staring at my pussy as he unbuttoned his pants. His cock sprung out, thick and stiff. I brushed the annoying lock of hair back off my face and dropped to my knees. Looking up at him as he closed the distance between us in one step, I stared into his eyes as I slid my tongue around the tip of his beautiful dick which glistened with salty pre-cum. Not breaking eye contact, I opened wide and took the head of his cock into my mouth. 

He caressed my head with one hand as I began to suck his dick. Edward stood up, crossed over to us and pulled out his package. He was not as long was Thomas, but he was a bit thicker. I took his cock in my hand, stroking him as I sucked on his friend. I moaned with pure pleasure as they each began to squeeze and grope my tits. 

I switched to Edward's cock, taking him as deep as I could into my mouth as I stroked Thomas. I continued going back and forth for a while. Licking and sucking, stroking, and licking, until Thomas pulled me to my feet.

He spun me around to face the bed, pushed my legs part, and pushed on my back, bending me over. I moaned when I felt the warm wetness of a tongue licking the inside of my thighs and working up to my pussy.

Setting my feet even further apart to allow Thomas greater access to my pussy, I arched my back and braced myself on my arms. I started to slowly grind my pussy against the slow, soft, wet strokes of his tongue, moaning as warm, pre-orgasmic feelings steadily spread out from my pussy throughout the rest of my body.

A groan of frustration escaped when he stopped licking me, replaced by a low moan of yearning when I feel the head of his cock press against the entrance to my pussy. I pressed back as he pressed forward, and I gasped as his cock slipped into me. He was big and thick, and it felt incredible being so completely stretched and filled.

Holding my hips gently but firmly, he pressed forward then stopped, bringing forth another groan from deep in my throat.

"Thomas..." I whined insistently. "Fuck me..."

I wanted to be fucked so bad my whole body was tingling. I wiggled my ass bag, but he waited until I felt like I would crawl out of my skin. 

He reached around, and found my stiff, throbbing clit with his fingers, and then he slowly slid his cock all the way in as he began to gently rub my sensitive bud. I was already wet, so horny so turned on, and so, so close. 

I needed to really get fucked. And I really needed to come. I tried to slam myself back harder on his cock, but he held me tight, preventing me from setting the pace. Slowly he withdrew his cock, and slowly he slid back in, and slowly he circled my clit with his fingers.

My nipples were so hard they felt like they were going to burst and the feeling of the fabric of my shirt against them was driving me insane. I ripped my shirt off with one hand, trying again to slam my pussy back on Thomas' stiff cock. I groaned in frustration as he thwarted my attempts to get fucked . Edward reached under my body and grabbed one of my tits in his large hand. Taking my painfully stiff nipple between two massive fingers, he squeezed it roughly and stretched it out. 

Just that extra added sensation tipped my past the point of no return. I cried out as my orgasm hit. I wanted to be fucked hard and fast, but Thomas just kept up his slow pace and his gently massage of my clit. The feeling was overwhelming. The slow gently fucking combined with the crashing intensity of my orgasm sent my mind reeling. I gasped for air as my body shuddered violently. 

I begged him to fuck me. To really fuck me. To fuck me like a gutter slut. To please, please fuck me. I was incoherent as my orgasm washed over me in waves. 

Finally, when I was a whimpering mess, Thomas ceased his manipulation of my clit, took me firmly by the hips, and slammed his cock violently into my pussy. I cried out with pleasure as he finally started to really fuck me, ramming into my aching cunt over and over. Another smaller orgasm wracked my body, and I felt his stiff cock pulse, and swell, and then pull out. He came all over my ass as I struggled to stay on my feet, my whole body twitching and shaking. 

Edward helped me stand up on unsteady legs, and he escorted me to the bathroom where he ran his hands gently over my body before wiping the cum off my ass with a warm washcloth. 

I reached up to kiss him. My arms wrapped around his firm body, the contrast of his chocolate brown skin again my pale body very erotic. He return my kisses, and his hands ran over my hips and ass, and his thick finger wormed in and buried itself in my freshly fucked pussy. New waves of pleasure ripple through me, and I looked into his eyes.

"...Fuck me...?" I whispered.

He backed me out of the bathroom until I ran into the wall, our lips locked together in feverish kisses. Edward broke away and grinned down at me.

My back braced against the wall, he put his huge hands under my thighs and lifted me up. I took the hint and wrapped my legs around his waist.. I raised up to allow his still stiff cock access to my dripping pussy, moaning as he lowered me onto his shaft. 

I closed my eyes as he began to slowly fuck me, knocking me gently against the wall with each thrust. After a couple minutes, he stopped, buried deep inside me. I sighed and clung to his body as he stepped away from the wall. Thomas emerged from the bathroom with a tube of KY, and I groaned knowing what was to come. 

I tried to hold still, but Edwards cock felt so good in my pussy, that I couldn't help grinding against it. Thomas moved behind me, and I felt a thick finger smearing a glob of KY around my asshole. I moaned as his finger pressed against the resistance of my sphincter. 

"Oh fuck..." I groaned as Thomas began sliding his finger slowly in and out of my ass. His finger was big. I've had cocks back there that were smaller, and I shuddered a little when I felt the head of his cock take the place of his finger.

"Thomas..." I gasped. "Easy...take it slow...fuck"

His cock pressed insistently at my asshole, slowly stretching me out as the tip gained entrance. I had not been fucked anally by a really big cock in a long time, and I struggled to relaxed as he kept pushing forward inch by inch. By the time he had his cock completely in my ass, my heart was racing, and I was panting like I had just run a couple miles.

Then they started to fuck me.

This was the first time I had ever been fucked sandwiched between two standing guys. I had no control, and I could only hold on as they lifted me up and then let my body weight slam me back down. I impaled myself over and over, front and back. The angle of the cock in my pussy rubbed me in all the right places, and within a couple minutes, I was on the edge of what I could tell would be a violent orgasm.

I wrapped my legs tight around Edward's hips, locking one still booted foot over the other, as my orgasm crashed through me. I bucked and shuddered, yelling out, begging to be fucked. 

The guys obliged, slamming into my pussy and ass like pistons on a machine. I had just survived the initial waves and aftershocks, when a second orgasm wracked my body, catching me by surprise. I threw back my head against Thomas's chest and howled as the guys just continued to fuck me senseless. 

My skin was slick with a thin sheen of sweat, my breathing shallow and ragged, my pussy still spasming, when Thomas' cock popped out of my ass. 

Without putting me down, Edward walked over to the bed, and carefully laid down on his back. I adjusted my position as I began to fuck him. Thomas moved into position behind me and slammed cock back in my ass. 

No longer needing to deal with supporting my weight while maintaining their own balance, the guys proceed ed to show me what it was like to really be fucked. 

Settling into a brutal rhythm, they were relentless. Edward slammed into my pussy while Thomas pulled almost totally out of my ass, then Thomas slammed into my ass balls deep as Edward withdrew. 

I could only grunt and moan each time one of them bottomed out. I just held onto Edward for dear life as they ravaged my body, fucking me faster and faster, harder and harder, while I whimpered and begged and began to make noises I really can't even describe. 

I gritted my teeth as I began to come again. My whole body seemed to explode into one huge spasm, and I screamed out as they kept fucking me through the shudders and the whimpering and the begging and the cries and the second and third orgasmic waves.
