 The Bull was thick set, not overly muscular, but solid all the same and stood naked apart from a navy blue cap that just covered his short black hair. He had a larger than average cock, which like the rest of him was bronzed from regular exposure to the Sun. He stared out to sea, then back around, lingering perhaps a moment longer than you might expect at the other naturist couples lying on the rocky shoreline of this Croatian Island paradise, as if he were surveying them.

At his feet sat his slender hour glass framed partner. A view of her shoulder length brown hair and her smooth back running down to her curvy bottom met John's eye line as he stepped out onto the unofficial naturist area of the island that he had visited most of the last seven days of his vacation. She was something new - just arrived, thought John, and much better looking than most of the late middle aged naturists he had seen so far on his holiday. Not that John was there just to look at the other naturists, he was there to enjoy his holiday in the nude as often as possible, having decided to take up naturist activities since the time he stayed on the island almost twelve months earlier, but he was a natural people watcher, clothed or unclothed, it didn't really make much difference to him.

Finding his way to a flat area of rock some thirty feet away from the Bull and his partner, John proceeded to set about laying out his space for what he hoped would be a good afternoon of sunbathing au naturel, perhaps with a swim or two in the Adriatic later to cool off.

The Bull continued to scan the area. There was something about his mannerisms that made John think he was uncomfortable with being overlooked, even though John was not the first other person to be in view of the couple; a middle aged couple from the English midlands, judging by their accents, lay talking to one another on another rocky outcrop.

Even so, something appeared to have spooked the Bull. Shortly afterwards as John lay reading his latest Game of Thrones novel, he was disturbed as they walked past. The Bull was still clearly naked and carrying his belongings, whilst she had put on some short denim shorts and a wide brimmed black straw sun hat, but her pert tanned breasts remained uncovered and jiggled slightly as she walked past. With that John returned to his book and forgot all about them - the couple that is, not the pert breasts which lingered in his thoughts for some time afterwards.

Later that afternoon John had spotted them further along the shoreline as he swam naked in the sea. John was slightly short sighted and didn't have his glasses on, but from what he could make out, it looked as if the Bull had his hand between her legs, probably just rubbing in sun cream, thought John. It was hard to tell what was happening from the distance, as was the Bulls cock which looked about 10 inches long and with a considerable girth. Lucky Bull!!, thought John, He's clearly enjoying it, whatever he's doing.

The following morning was cloudy and there was a risk of rain later according to John's weather app. Still, there was not much else to do on the island, so John thought he would take a naked swim if sun bathing was out of the question. He could hardly get any wetter if it rained, he reasoned.

The rocky FKK area appeared deserted, as he stepped down onto one of the smoother rocky areas which usually by the time John arrived, were taken by others, but today it was free. Taking a look around before settling down, John noticed her a short distance away. She stood assessing the rainclouds on the horizon and wore the same denim shorts as the day before and the black hat, plus a tee shirt this time. The Bull was nowhere to be seen at first, but a few seconds later stepped out from the nearby bushes and walked across the rocks toward her. John turned away and started to unpack his bag, laying out his towel on a portable cushioned bed that he had bought the day before to take away the discomfort of the rocky bed.

As he unpacked, the Bull and his lady stepped up to where John sat, and then made their way passed, probably to find somewhere out of sight again, John thought. He raised his head in acknowledgement and said "hi". Neither responded, but continued walking and disappeared over the horizon. "Oh well, not the talkative type then", he quietly said to himself.

John had just settled down, when they reappeared above him and moved across to a spot just a few yards away between John and the sea. The Bull was already naked, giving John an eyeful of his generous manhood. Still impressive thought John, even though he was not in the slightest but attracted to men in a sexual way, that didn't mean he could not appreciate their naked form for what it was. After all people look at Michael Angelo's David don't they?

It was shortly after that a light drizzle started. The Bull and his attractive partner got up and made their way carefully into the sea, which despite the rain, was still relatively calm. John lay on his towel and enjoyed the cooling rain on his body.

He could hear the couple joking around in the water, pushing each other off rocks into deeper water and laughing. John occasionally looked up to see where they were and to change positions to get comfortable. He turned at one point and noticed that the couple were still in the water, holding onto a large rock and facing each other.

As he watched, he could see the couple rhythmically moving their hips back and towards each other and she appeared to have her legs wrapped around the Bull's waist. John could not believe what he was witnessing, but tried not to make it obvious that he knew they were fucking in the water just a few yards away.

After five minutes or so, the couple hugged and then made their way back onto the shore. She sat down on her towel, whilst he, still clearly erect, stood and looked out to sea, occasionally glancing back at John. John faced down on his towel, hiding the erection which was now growing between his legs.

The Bull sat down next to his woman and ran his hands over her breasts as she lay back resting. He then leant over and took a nipple in his mouth as his hand moved down between her legs and he pushed a finger into her moistness. John felt a little bolder and turned onto his side facing them as he watched. He placed a hand over his erection in a half- hearted attempt to hide it. The Bull looked up at John and stared at him for what seemed like ages, not once removing his hand from between his partner's moist thighs.

John could not help gently stroking his own penis as the Bull signalled to his woman with a few taps on her bottom, to lie on her front, before lying on top of her and rubbing his huge manhood between her butt cheeks a few times, then entering her there in plain sight. Every few seconds it seemed as if the Bull would look over at John, clearly now to make sure that John was watching. He wanted John to watch.

Her mouth opened with each thrust of his cock. Her eyes stayed shut as he fucked her doggy style for several minutes. John's pre-come lubricated his cock as he slowly slid his fingers over his moist glans and marvelled at the enjoyment on her face.

The Bull stopped thrusting, withdrew and stood up, his proud cock glistening in the light rain. She sat up as he moved to his bag and pulled out a drinks bottle. Taking a swig of the liquid, he then poured some on his erect cock, before moving her into position and his cock into her waiting mouth. As he fucked her mouth, he said something to her in Italian and they both adjusted their position which gave John a much better view of the Bull's cock thrusting in and out of her mouth and her hand as she tossed his cock as glans rested in between her lips.

A moment later as John looked on, the Bull pulled out of her mouth and directed her to a rocky wall less than three yards from where John lay stroking his cock, now in full view of the Bull and his willing partner. She placed both hands on the rock and faced away from the Bull, who roughly moved her legs apart with his foot before he entered her again. As he fucked her from behind, he looked over at John, checking again that he was still watching. Her groans of delight turned John on even more.

John had got used to the idea now that he was being given a private show but little did he guess that things were about to heat up for him.

The Bull looked John straight in the eye as his cock thrust in and out of the woman, and then with a beckoning wave of his hand, indicated that John should get closer. John did a double take, at first thinking he had imagined the gesture, when the Bull beckoned him again. This time he took no time getting to his feet, his cock dripping with pre-cum, his right hand also smeared with his bodily fluid. Steadily he made his way toward the couple, initially stopping two feet away, worried that he should not get too close, unsure of the etiquette of such affairs. The Bull grabbed Johns left arm and pulled him closer alongside his female partner, who he continued to fuck vigorously. John began masturbating again, but the Bull tapped John's hand, stopping him, grabbed his partners hand and pulled it towards John's throbbing member. She held his cock firmly and began to toss John as her man's thick length pounded into her wet cunt.

With an unexpected smack to John's backside, the Bull indicated that John should feel his girl's firm body, while she expertly rubbed his cock back and forth. John reached down with his hand still covered in his own pre-cum from when he had been touching himself moments earlier and rubbed the salty slime into her small but pert breasts, her nipples hard with excitement. She let out a grown, perhaps due to John's silky touch but probably more to do with the pumping of the Bull's ten inch cock into her cunt. With her gasps getting louder, it was too much for John, who exploded his cum all over the rock next to her.

The Bull stopped fucking her cunt and pulled John's hand over to his own thick cock. John was initially confused, but out of politeness, and not really knowing what else to do, he took the thick pole in his hand, felt its warmth and began to move the foreskin back and forth. He continued to do this for about a minute and then simultaneously reached around to the bronzed butt of the woman, feeling for her puckered arse hole and then down to her wet pussy lips and clitoris. For a few minutes John simultaneously masturbated both the Bull and the Bull's partner's genitals. 

His own cock now flaccid, it seemed as if all was over when the woman stood up and turned toward John for the first time looking him closely in the eye. She smiled.

The Bull also stood back even though it didn't seem as if he had climaxed, winked at John, then turned and they walked back toward their towels on the rocky foreshore.

John walked back to his own towel a few yards away and for a while lay on his front, his mind and body still buzzing from the excitement of this impromptu seaside three way (of sorts).

The couple walked back into the water and swam. John could hear them laughing in the distance. He wasn't sure if it was about the whole experience or about him and his probably sooner than expected ejaculation.

He wondered to himself, if he hadn't cum so soon, where would things have gone? Would he have found himself with his cock buried deep in her cunt or ass while the Bull fucked her face, or vice versa? Would they have ended up in a Double Penetration with John in her ass while the Bull rammed her cunt again? Maybe he'd end up with the Bull's cock in his own mouth...he didn't discount it even though he had never had bi-sexual thoughts before. Perhaps he had just been watching too much porn!! Maybe what happened was all that was meant to be. He didn't know because he was new to this kind of swinging lifestyle ...but "next time" John thought..."I'll be ready!"