 I had taken Friday off work with the intention of going to Cobblers Beach for the first time this summer, and was pleased when it turned out to be a hot, sunny day. I got the bus there, arriving at around 11am, and as I made my way down the rocky slope which leads to it, there was as usual a tight feeling of anticipation in my stomach.

I reached the beach and saw that it was quite crowded with perhaps fifty men, women and a few children, almost all of them naked. I took off my shoes and socks and walked onto the sand, casting around for a good place to lay my towel. I passed a hippie girl who was lying flat on her back with her arms thrown back. She was skinny and freckled, with dreadlocks, light brown hair in her armpits and on her pussy, pierced nipples and a blue tattoo around her belly button. She looked cute so I stopped a few feet away from her and put my towel on the sand. I pulled my shirt and jeans off and sat on my towel. It felt so great to be naked in front of other people again. I lay back, leaning on my elbows, feeling the sun beat down on me, and glanced down at my bare cock. The skin on my balls was still tingling from being shaved that morning.

I looked at the people around me. The hippie girl was to my left, while to my right an older man with a grey beard lay next to his somewhat younger Asian girlfriend. A family of four, husband wife and two kids, were in front of me, nearer the water. As always, there were guys walking up and down the beach, showing off their equipment.

I rubbed some sunscreen lotion onto myself and then walked down to the water, my eyes taking in the various cocks and cunts. There were a few people swimming, including a young couple, both blonde, the girl pretty with small pointy tits, who were splashing about and giggling and hugging each other. I swam around for about ten minutes, then left the water and walked back up the beach, dripping. When I reached my towel I was disappointed to see that the hippie girl was preparing to leave, She had put a ragged pink T-shirt on and was sitting cross-legged facing me, still naked below the waist so at least I got look at the reddish cunt lips peeking through her brown pubes. As I sat down she glanced at me and smiled and I smiled back. But then she pulled on a pair of khaki shorts and, slinging her canvas bag over her shoulder, walked off up the beach.

As she left I saw another couple coming down the grass-covered hill towards the beach, and the woman immediately attracted my attention. As she got closer I saw she was about thirty-five, and had reddish brown hair that reached to her shoulders, a very attractive face with a wide, full mouth, and big breasts which bounced gently as she walked. She was wearing an orange T-shirt and a piece of batik material or something like it wrapped around her waist for a skirt. The man looked a little older, maybe early forties. He had dark hair cropped short and wore a blue shirt and white pants.

"God," I thought, "I want to see this girl undress." To my delight they stopped almost in the spot where the hippie girl had been, and lay their towels out. The guy stood up, stretched, then removed his shirt and pants. As he turned to say something to the woman I saw that, while he had dark hair on his chest and legs, his pubic hair was entirely shaved. His cock was quite long, circumcised, and hung like a piece of rope over his balls. The he turned again and walked quickly down to the water.

The woman sat on her towel, still clothed, looking for something in a bag. My cock twinged in anticipation. Finally she put the bag aside and pulled the T-shirt over her head. She had her back towards me, but then she twisted around to get something from the bag and I got a look at her tits. They were even bigger than I thought, the nipples stubby and pale brown with large aureoles. Then she stood up, pulled the piece of material from around her waist revealing a very shapely arse, and skipped down to the water. 

I got up then and had a promenade around the beach, getting a good look at everyone there and giving them a chance to see my dick. When I got back to my towel I saw that the couple had left the water and were walking back towards me. The woman, I now saw, had her pubes shaved like her partner's, and I took in the beautiful sight of her large, dangling breasts, slightly rounded belly and plump, smooth pussy with its well-defined cleft. 

They sat down on their towels, dripping. The woman leaned over to him and kissed him, and he put his arm around her, and then I saw her hand going to his penis. This is pretty brazen, I thought, although I don't think anyone else noticed. I could see his cock starting to harden in her hand, then they probably realised they were going too far, and he broke away from her and lay on his stomach, hiding his erection. 

The boat that turns up during summer, selling ice-creams and drinks, had arrived, and naked people were gathered happily around it.

I was sitting with my knees drawn up when the guy sat up again and, glancing around, caught me eye. "How's it going?" he said.

"Good," I said. 

"Lovely day for it, isn't it?"

"It sure is."

"You been here before?"

"Yeah, lots of times," I said. "I love it."

"So do we. Don't we, Carol?"

She sat up and looked at me and smiled. "We do," she said. 

He stood up and walked towards me, his cock bobbing, and held out his hand, which I shook. "I'm Tim," he said. 

"Mike," I said.

He squatted down beside me. "And that's Carol." We nodded and smiled to each other. "Yeah, we've been coming here a few years now. Always enjoy it, it's such a lovely beach. Yeah. Um, did you know there's a bit of a clearing up there, above the rocks. Have you been up there? Nice spot."

"Ah, no."

"Yeah, sometimes when we come here, we go up there and...

"And fuck," Carol.

"Oh, really?" Carol was now sitting on her towel facing me and still smiling. It was hard to keep my eyes off her tits. I could feel my stomach tightening with excitement.

"Yeah," continued Tim. "And sometimes we like it for people to watch us. So, I was wondering, you want to come up there with us now?"

"Why, sure," I said. 

"Good," He grinned and stood up, then went back to Carol, picked up his towel and shook it, then threw it over his shoulder. Carol stood up too, then bent down to brush sand off her legs so her big tits hung down pendulously.

They set off up the beach, with me following. The midday sun was beating down now. I couldn't believe my luck. While I had talked to a few people on previous trips to Cobblers, nothing like this had ever happened. I did remember reading in a newspaper report though that 'dogging' or public sex had become more frequent on nude beaches. 

We climbed over the rocks at the entrance to the beach, then walked up a rough track I hadn't explored before. After a few minutes we came to spot roughly circular and about fifteen feet across, bounded by a few large rocks which you could sit upon. It was shielded by thick foliage but it had a clear view of the brilliant blue sea.

Tim spread his towel on the ground. It had a design of sea horses on it, I noticed. Everything, all the colours, and the sound of the wind going through the tress, seemed particularly intense. It still hadn't quite sunk in that I was about to watch two strangers fuck. 

Carol sat down on the towel and spread her legs wide. I gazed enraptured at her open cunt, which was pink and, I could see, already a bit wet. Tim went and stood next to her, his cock half erect. Carol took hold of it and pumped it in her hand a bit, then wrapped her lips around it and started sucking. Tim stood with his hand on his hips and his head thrown back. 

I went right up close to them, determined not to miss a single detail. I had my cock in my hand and started to wank myself. I knelt down beside Carol so I had a perfect view of Tim's cock, rock hard and veiny and curved upward now, going in and out of her lovely mouth.

After a couple of minutes, Tim drew out of her. He fell down onto his knees, gave her a kiss on the mouth, then his hand went down to her cunt. His fingers probed her slit then parted it, opening up the glistening inside of her pussy to my gaze. As he did this Carol was looking at me, her eyes half closed, her breasts rising and falling quickly with her breathing. I wanted to reach out and touch them, but thought that might be overstepping the mark.

Tim whispered something to Carol, who rolled over onto all fours, her arse towards me. Tim placed his hands on her buttocks and spread them apart so I had a lovely view of her arsehole and pussy. Then he positioned himself between her legs, and placed the head of his cock against her cunt lips. He began to fuck her, very slowly, pushing himself all the way in, then drawing out so just the head was still inside her, and he made sure that I could see everything clearly.

I watched transfixed for several minutes, my cock in my hand. Then, without really thinking about it, I stood up and walked around so that I was standing in front of Carol - I wanted to see her face. Her eyes were screwed up tight and her tits hung straight down, swaying as Tim slowly fucked her. Then she opened her eyes and looked at my dick. "Come closer," she said in a husky voice.

I glanced at Tim, who was still fucking with great concentration. He saw me though, and I gave him a look as if to say, "Can I?" And he nodded. 

I stepped forward so that my stiff cock was right in front of Carol's face, and she put her lips around it. It felt incredible. She began to suck it eagerly, making little muffled moaning sounds. Then Tim began to fuck her harder and faster, his groin slapping against her buttocks, and my cock was forced deeper into her mouth, and that was it for me. I came, ejaculating into her mouth. I fell back onto the rough ground, and at that moment Tim came as well, groaning.

Tim pulled out of her and Carol collapsed onto the towel and lay on her side. For a minute or so none of us said anything. Then Tim stood up, smiling, and patted me on the shoulder. "Thanks, mate," he said. "That was great."

"No, thank you," I said, and looked at Carol, who grinned wickedly at me.

We started to make our way back down to the beach. Halfway there, Carol said, "Hang on a sec, I'm busting for a pee." She squatted down and Tim and I watched as a thick stream of yellow piss spurted from her pee-hole onto the ground.

When we got back to our spot on the beach, I asked if I could join them, and Carol said, "Of course, sweety," and I moved my towel next to theirs. Carol lay on her back, her arms thrown back, her legs spread boldly apart. I watched as nude guys walked past her, getting a good look at her slightly swollen, pink, still-wet pussy, which had obviously just been fucked. I watched Tim watching them too. He was clearly getting off on it.

I asked them how long they had been together, and he said almost ten years, married for six. "So how often do you do...things like that?" I asked. And he laughed and said quite often, that they were both terrible exhibitionists and it kept their life together exciting.

An hour later, after we had been for a swim, Tim and Carol were sitting together, having a whispered conversation. Then Tim turned to me. "Well, guess we'll head off now."

"Oh, OK," I said.

"We were thinking though, do you want to come back to our place? We've got a pool. We could have a few drinks, get naked again..."

"Um, yeah, I'd love to."

"Right then. Excellent Let's go." He stood up and, picking up his towel began to shake the sand out of it.

We got dressed, gathered our things up, and left. Tim and Carol had a car which was parked above the beach. They got in the front seat and I got in the back. During the drive to their house, which took about 45 minutes, we chatted about this and that, though I can barely remember anything we said. All I was thinking about was getting my hands on Carol's tits and maybe getting the chance to fuck her.

We arrived at the house, a big one-story place, and parked in the garage, which had glass doors at the back overlooking a pool surrounded by decking. Tim opened the doors and I followed him through. "Nice place," I said.

"Yeah, it suits us. Can I get you a drink?"

"Uh, yeah, a beer would be good."

"No problem," He and Carol went into the house. I sat down on one of the deck chairs.

After a few minutes Carol came out, a bottle of wine and a glass in her hand. She was naked again. She poured herself a glass, set the bottle on a little wooden table, then lay down on a banana lounge. Tim came out, naked as well, a towel over his shoulder and a couple of beers in his hands, one of which he gave to me. I suddenly felt odd to be clothed in front of them. I took my shirt and jeans off, folded them and placed them under my chair, and sat down naked, my legs apart, and wondered how things would develop.

It was still very hot, and the three of us jumped into the pool and splashed around for a while. At one point, Carol swam up to me and got hold of my cock and kissed me, and I cupped her big breasts in my hands.

We got out of the pool and toweled ourselves dry, and then Tim said he had something to show me. I followed him into the house. In the living room, he turned on the TV, then rummaged around in a cupboard underneath it and brought out a videotape, which he slipped into the VCR. "It's one of ours," he said, switching it on. He sat down on the couch and I sat next to him.

The first shot was of a double bed, empty, then Carol walked into the frame, a towel around her. She slipped the towel off and lay on the bed, her legs spread. Her hand went to her shaved pussy and she began to finger herself, moaning slightly and pulling her cunt lips apart. Then she reached over to the bedside table and picked up a large pink dildo which she inserted. At this point Tim came in, naked, his cock standing out stiffly. While still fucking herself with the dildo, Carol reached up and grasped his prick and began to suck it.

It was exciting watching this, and my hand moved to my cock, which was getting hard. I began to wank myself. Tim was watching me, then he followed suit.

In the video, Carol was on her back and Tim was fucking her. The camera moved in close. I wondered who had shot it. We sat watching it in silence, pumping our cocks, which were both very stiff now.

"You've got a nice dick," Tim said after a few minutes "Would you mind if I touched it?"

"Er, no, of course not."

I took my hand away from it. It was sticking straight up. Tim reached out and ran the tips of his fingers up the shaft and I shuddered involuntarily. I sat back and spread my legs, giving him full access to my cock and balls. His hand gripped the shaft hard and he began to jerk me off. On the video, Carol was lying on the bed and Tim was smearing something onto her arsehole.

I looked up and realised Carol was standing in the doorway, watching us. She came in and knelt by my side. Tim pointed my cock at her face and, as he continued to hold the base of it, she wrapped her lips around it and sucked me. 

On the video, Tim was fucking Carol in the arse and she was moaning loudly. I closed my eyes for a second. "Stop," I said, "I'm going to come." Carol stopped sucking me and Tim let go of my dick. I tried to think unerotic thoughts for a moment. Tim stood up and left the room.

Carol sat on the couch next to me, put her arm around me and kissed me, her tongue slipping into my mouth. I cupped one of her magnificent breasts in my hands and felt the weight of it, then lifted it and sucked on the nipple. Despite their size, her tits were quite firm, beautifully shaped, with faint blue veins radiating out from the large brown nipples. 

"God, Carol, your tits are gorgeous," I said, and buried my face in them. Then I ran my hand down her belly and slipped it between her legs. Her cunt was sopping wet. I rubbed her labia and her clit and she closed her eyes and sighed. Then I inserted three fingers into her, deep, and finger-fucked her while my thumb diddled her clit. She liked that.

Tim had come back, equipped with a camera, and began to video us. Carol squeezed her legs together, my fingers still embedded in her hot cunt, closed her eyes and had an orgasm.

Her legs parted. I removed my hand and put it to my lips, tasting her pussy juice. Tim had the camera on her. "Mike," he said, quite matter-of-factly, "would you like to fuck her now?" I didn't think I had to answer that. 

Carol's big green eyes looked at me dreamily, then she rolled off the couch onto the floor and got on all fours, her bum in the air, her cunt gaping redly open. I knelt beside her and put my hands on her buttocks and spread them apart, just like Tim had done at the beach, and gazed at her puckered, well-defined arsehole and dripping, hairless pussy. I pressed my face to her arse and began to lick her, my tongue pushing at her cunt meat, her juices oozing into my mouth, then moved up and pressed my tongue into her anus and probed it as deeply as I could. Tim recorded it all on video.

I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. I straightened up and, turning so that Tim could get a clear shot, slipped my prick onto Carol's cunt. "Yeah, that's it," said Tim under his breath. He was holding the camera with one hand and wanking himself with the other. Then he put the camera down and got on his knees, his face real close to our groins, taking in the sight. I felt his hand on my balls, then he pressed his face even closer, his tongue licking at my cock as it plunged in and out of his wife's cunt.

I stopped, just in time to stop myself coming. Tim looked up at me. "Put it in her arse. I want to see that."

I let my prick slide out of her pussy, then pressed the head of it against her arsehole. I pushed. Her anus was tight and my cock bent a little as I tried to get it in. Then Tim took hold of it between thumb and forefinger and held it straight and I was able to push it all the way in, which made Carol gasp. I got hold of her by the hips and began to bugger her, plunging my prick deep into her hot, tight rectum. Tim stood, the camera forgotten now, wanking himself furiously. I couldn't hold off any longer and ejaculated into her bowels. With a deep groan, Tim came too, his sperm spurting onto Carol's back and a little on my stomach. 

Exhausted, I sat back on the couch, my slimy prick resting against my belly. Tim made Carol lean against the couch and picking up the camera, shot some close-ups of her anus, which was swollen and had gone a pinkish-purple colour. The he stuck his finger in it, up to the knuckle, and pulled it out and licked it, then bent down and licked the sperm-filled hole. 

We were pretty worn out after all that. We had a dip in the pool to clean ourselves off, and lay on the deck letting the sun dry us off. Later, at Carol's suggestion, we went out and had dinner at a Thai restaurant nearby, and our last bit of sleaze for the night. . We had a corner table and I was sitting next to Carol, who had put on a low-cut, green cotton blouse. Throughout the meal, she kept pulling the front of it down, showing me her tits and smiling lasciviously. It was enough to get me hard again. She saw me rubbing my crotch and whispered to me, "Take it out."

There were only about three or four other tables occupied in the restaurant, and the two waitresses were both on the other side of the room. I unzipped my jeans and pulled my penis out. Carol began to wank me, not making much of an effort to hide what she was doing as Tim watched approvingly. I kept expecting some of the other diners to notice, but I don't think anyone did. It was incredibly exciting. "I'm going to come," I said to her. Just as I was about to, she pointed my dick towards the palm of her free hand and I spurted jism onto it.
