 "I think your cocksucking finally woke Seth up, Jazzy."

I opened my eyes slowly to the sound of my bride's voice. Here we were, on our honeymoon, at a resort, naked on a beach on National Nude Day. We had just awoken from our nap after a public orgy with our new found friends. Just a few days ago, Gabriela, better known as Gaby, had been shy and sexually reserved, a nice convent schooled girl, willing to have premarital sex, but tentatively and only conventionally. Her maid of honour, Carla, and my best man, Kevin, had set this nude resort honeymoon up as a test of her limits. 

If the test was designed to blow past any limits, Gaby had passed with flying colours. She had denied me sex for several days as the price of her finally going nude on National Nude Day. But we had done everything but fuck, with each other and others. Finally, this morning, we had consummated our marriage, and had kept right on pushing boundaries. She had taken another cock up her ass while fucking me, and then I had been goaded into licking the same cock. I guess not only Gaby's limits were being tested.

Jazzy was a tall, athletic blonde, travelling with her girlfriend, Espy. Both were bisexual and adventuresome. After the fuckfest on the beach, I had dozed off under an umbrella, with Gaby asleep across my chest, but it had been the deceptively straight looking school teaching twin brunettes, Peggy and Penny, who had been resting across my thighs. 

We had met the twins, and their companion, Mary, a few nights before, at another beach party which had turned into an orgy. That time, however, Gaby had panicked, and ran away from most of the play. At the time, I had thought I had failed in my quest, that she would not go nude, and that our sex lives as a married couple would be as dishwater dull as while we had been dating. Fortunately, what had really happened was that Gaby had merely needed to grow in stages, and each day had revealed new depths to her sexuality, like she was a flower blooming in the spring.

Since Gaby and the twins had all been grasping my resting cock when I had nodded off, I would have expected any wake up blow job to be from one of them. Instead, Jazzy was crouched between my legs, kneeling on a towel on the sand, her long delicate fingernails teasing my scrotum as her tongue flicked precum from my tip into her cheeks. Her breath was cooler than the tropical heat, and the wetness of her mouth was refreshing. Despite multiple orgasms, my little soldier began to stand at attention.

Suddenly, Gaby twisted my left nipple.

"Ouch," I exclaimed, provoking a gaggle of giggles.

"Welcome back to reality, Seth. You must have been having a great dream, because I felt your shaft throbbing the whole time," Gaby told me.

"I think I must still be dreaming."

"Well, let's not wake up for a few more days," she replied, grinning.

"You mean, when the honeymoon is over, all this fun ends?"

"Oh, I hope not."

With one hand, Gaby ruffled the hair on my head, as she trailed the fingers of her other hand down my hairy body, sending shivers through my spine even more intensely that Jazzy, who was now bobbing up and down vigourously deep throating me. She was an expert cocksucker, though only in her early twenties, and took me right into her throat, using her oesophageal muscles to knead my head. 

"I love watching you suck cock, Jaz," Gaby said, "I'm not very good at it, and thinking I can learn a lot from you."

Jazzy popped my rod out of her jaw just long enough to reply, "The only way to get good is to practice a lot." As if to prove her point, she immediately resumed her efforts, rolling her tongue all around my length before taking me back into her mouth. Gaby leaned closer, intently studying her friend's technique.

I smiled at my bride. I knew what she needed from me at that moment, "You give great head, sweetie," I said. It was true, or almost true. Gaby gave good head, but nothing like experts like Jazzy, who blew not only the cock, but the mind. "But I guess you can always learn new things."

I glanced around, wondering where the twins had gone, and realized that they were lazily suckling Gaby's tits, which showed signs of danger of sunburn, despite having napped under the umbrella. My bride had never bared her breasts to the elements before, so I guess they were especially sensitive. Her nipples were well protected at the moment, as one twin drew each between moist lips. 

With genetic synchronicity, they caressed the underside of Gaby's firm breasts, rubbing them with their palms, as they toyed with just the tip of each nubbin, teasing Gaby with their tongues. As they drew the rest of each bud between their respective lips, one of each of their hands roamed down my wife's taut tummy, rubbing in lazy circles, dipping lower down her belly with each motion, until two index fingers pulled her clit hood from either side, releasing her already aroused button to the air. Despite the tropical heat, a shiver convulsed my bride's body. The sight of the twins jousting with Gaby's clit as they drank more of her boobs into their mouths heightened my excitement.

"I think I should give this load to my wife," I suggested to Jazzy, since I could feel the seed stirring restlessly in my balls, battling to burst up the fleshy pipe. I had experienced so much sex in that day that I worried I might only have one more load to give. 

Peggy and Penny were bringing Gaby close to another climax, fingers now thrusting deep into her cunt as my wife's pelvis leapt up in response. "So lovely..." Gaby moaned, her eyes hooded half shut. 

I relaxed, pleased that she was so happy. Jazzy's tongue teased my balls as she worked her own fingers around my shaft, rubbing hard, the friction a bit harsh, but enough to make my groin tighten and my pee slit gasp open.

"Fuck me harder," Gaby yelled, drawing my attention again. 

Her screams could be heard all over the resort. Heck, I bet Kevin and Carla heard them back home.

I saw that one of the twins had her fist wrist deep inside my wife, stretching her wide, while the other had slid her hand around Gaby's butt, and was stimulating he anus with a single fingertip. Given that Yanic, a former resort worker she had fancied had buried his fat cock deep into Gaby's rectum not long before, there could easily have been room for more, but the twins seemed to be experts at their task. No doubt they had lots of practice with their chum Mary.

"Eat my cunt, please," Gaby begged the twins.

Her eager demand shocked me, not just because she had forgotten all about my cock, and sharing my seed with Jazzy, but because she was embracing girl on girl pussy eating with such enthusiasm. Her reluctance was melting away in the midday sun, and she was accepting sexual liberation for her own pleasure, not merely to please me.

The twins eager ate my bride, tongues working almost like a double headed dildo, poking and flicking around Gaby's thighs before focussing in on the labia and then flicking into her pussy, at first quick teasing flicks, and then progressing to bobbing her clit from both sides at once. I saw that this was making Gaby's toes curl in the sand. 

"My clit feels like it's about to explode. I think I know how a guy feels just before he comes," Gaby moaned, her eyes closing as she road through her orgasm.

Jazzy continued working playfully to please me, her experienced tongue bathing my shaft, keeping me excited, but not allowing my load to explode. "We need to be good and wait for Gaby to be ready," she whispered as she paused for breath.

I nodded my agreement, but at the same time, I gently nudged her head back to my cockhead. She took the hint and resumed deep throating, but allowing my skin only to barely feel her mouth, and with her fingers restraining me at the root.

Suddenly, Gaby tensed up and stared at me. I worried that she was about to rebel, express regret, and run screaming in guilt rather than joy. As soon as she saw me though, she smiled.

"I was off in some other universe, sweetie," she said, "then I saw you."

"Are you okay?" I asked. The twins had stopped licking her pussy when she had stiffened, and now were just calmly caressing her thighs.

"I'm wonderful."

"This isn't too much for you, all at once?"

"I'm fine, but I could really use a kiss right now."

I tapped Jazzy on the head, and she drew her mouth off of my cock so that I could slide across the sand to kiss my bride. Gaby gave my cock a playful tug as our tongues twisted together.

"Better be careful with that, its loaded and might go off," one of the twins joked, making her sister laugh.

"Do you want me now?" I whispered into Gaby's ear.

"No, go back to Jazzy, she wants your cock in her mouth still," Gaby said, swirling her tongue right into my ear canal.

I obeyed, as a good husband should. The tone of our marriage was shifting already, but only slightly. Gaby has always held the power, but now it was a power of permission, not of denial.

The twins slid back up Gaby's body as I turned back to Jazzy. They both tried kissing my bride at once, and she stretched her mouth wide, wanting to take both tongues, but it failed, and the trio sank into the sand laughing as Jazzy nibbled at the soft skin beneath my cockhead. This held me at the brink of climax, but never threatened to actually make my goo gush.

The laughter beside me gave way again to loving, as the twins resumed licking all around Gaby's nipples, not drawing the flesh into their mouths, just allowing their skin and hair to tease my wife, until her hips again began writhing. 

"Oh...my....god..." Gaby again found religion, though not the way her school had intended. "Fuck me now."

She grabbed each twin by the hair and forced their mouths over her nipples. As soon as they were suckling, she reached down and guided one of each girl's hands back to her cunt. The one to her right she placed on her clit, while the left one she used like a flesh dildo, stabbing it deep into her wide open cunt.

As quickly as she had grabbed the twins to her bosom, she thrust them away with a grunt, spilling them off to either side, her climax leaving her spent.

"Too tired for more?" I asked, thinking Jazzy might end up with my load by herself.

"I could use a shower," Gaby moaned, her fingers tugging her own nipples away from her tits, "but... not... just... yet."

Her breath was coming out in gasps. Then I noticed that Yanic, who was lying on the sand, crawled over to Gaby, and buried his face in her lap. From the way her hips began revolving, I guessed that his tongue must be describing figure eights on her clit, enjoying the taste of her sweet excited pussy.

Jazzy clamped her fist around my root to hold my sperm in, and lifted her head to ask my bride, "Do you want this load in your pussy, or should I transfer it to you by mouth?"

"Let's share it," Gaby moaned.

"That's no answer," Espy giggled, as her chum flicked her tongue teasingly below her fingers, keeping my attention focussed. Espy was crouched beside Jazzy, tweaking her companion's nipples. "Jazzy would just as happily lick it out of your pussy as swap it by mouth."

As if to illustrate her oral fascination, Jazzy lapped her tongue along underneath my cockhead, paying particular care to the flap of skin tying the glans to the shaft. While this went on, Gaby started gasping out an orgasm provoked by Yanic's tonguing, so she was distracted for the moment.

I noticed that the twins were still nearby, partially shaded by the umbrella. They were still excited from playing with Gaby, and not getting any relief themselves. One of them – I could not tell which - was already in the middle of a passionate doggy fuck with Horace, the gigantic waiter who had enlivened breakfast in our room earlier. 

Horace's massive cock was plunging deep into her pussy from behind, withdrawing almost fully after each stroke so that her excitement was visibly moist on his rod, his extra fat mushroom poised just between her labia, stretching her lips wide. Then when he pushed deep, she would grunt. Using her tits as handles, he began rocking her, fucking faster, and harder. Her joyous screams carried far along the beach, as her sister helped out by tweaking one nipple, while Mary, the third member of their travel package, suckled the other boob.

Espy joined in the action, crawling beneath Jazzy, who shifted her thighs open invitingly. The petite blonde rolled onto her back and lifted her mouth to kiss inside her friend's thigh, while spreading Jazzy's labia wide with a few fingers. Her tongue slid slowly along the tanned flesh, teasing tantalizingly close to the wetness within. Looking down at all this happening between my knees, I saw that both blondes were enraptured. 

My cock though throbbed urgently, excited even more by all this fresh visual stimulation, as Jazzy toyed with it like it was a hard frozen ice cream treat. My slit was gaping open like a fish's mouth. I was ready to explode as soon as Jazzy allowed. 

"Let's give Gaby a minute to refocus," Jazzy suggested quietly, her own breathing becoming panting as Espy's experienced young tongue finally stabbed deep into Jazzy's cunt. The warm moist air bathed my pulsating prick.

"I don't want today to end." 

I wasn't aware I spoke out loud until Gaby reached over and tousled my hair gently. "The day might end, but the spirit will live forever," my bride assured me. "We'll have a lifetime of days like this. And to prove it, I'm going to take Jazzy's idea one step further. How would you like to come in her cunt, and then watch me eat both your seed and Yanic's out of her?"

"Mmmmm. I don't know about Seth, but I like the sound of that," Espy moaned from beneath Jazzy.

"I suppose you want a piece of that cream pie too," Gaby giggled.

"I think I'd help out by licking Seth's shaft clean while he and I watch, if you don't mind."

"Of course I won't mind, if it's okay with Seth," Gaby agreed, reaching over to stroke Yanic's fat manhood, which already looked ready to gush. "Are you up for it Jazzy?"

"As long as I get Horace's cream for my appetizer then," the blonde replied.

"You might have to eat it out of Peggy - or is that Penny," my wife guessed, glancing beside us, where the massive waiter was still ploughing vigourously into the straight looking but pleasantly perverse young schoolmarm.

"Penny", Mary clarified, "and I want a share of that, and not just licking Horace's shaft clean either."

"I'll share Penny's sweet cream pie filled pussy with you, Mary," Jazzy purred. 

On cue, Espy slid out from beneath her companion, and allowed Jazzy to roll away from between my knees. The blonde girl who had been so tenderly caring for my cock carefully inserted herself underneath Penny. I guessed that her tongue was swabbing the exact spot where Horace met Penny, urging that part of our complex little game towards climax. 

Jazzy was lying on the sand, facing upwards, with her knees bent, and hips splayed open. I did not hesitate to debate whether to push the envelope of this honeymoon wider. Gaby wanted me to fuck that shiny wet cunt; I had best just fuck first and let her eat later.

I pushed up from my chair, staggering slightly as I struggled with the footing in the hot deep loose sand, but luckily, I fell almost on top of Jazzy, landing between her legs, without disturbing Penny, who was screaming, "Fuck me, Horace, ride me like a horse."

"I can feel his balls tightening," Jazzy gasped between licks, barely loud enough for me to hear as I thumbed her nipples. "If you hurry, the two of you could come together, one at either end of me."

"Then you could swallow any stray bits that overflow out of Penny's pussy," I answered. "If his load matches the size of his equipment, he'll do more than just flood her, since she's not very big."

Penny chose that moment to interrupt her moaning and bite down on my shoulder. After the initial shock, I enjoyed how her orgasm shuddered through our interconnected bodies. My cock tip was just brushing against Jazzy's pussy; as I was about to truly violate my marriage vows, by taking another, right here on my honeymoon. Though a hard cock has no conscience, I was still comforted by being able to rationalize my actions as being within bounds, since I was doing this to obey and cherish my bride.

"No fair not completing the chain," Peggy cooed, her warm hand slapping my ass, startling me, but also driving my rod deep into Jazzy without giving me any more time to pause and reflect.

"That's it, fuck her hard," Gaby lustily cheered me on. She roused herself and stepped close, and then knelt beside Jazzy. I could feel Gaby's breath stirring my belly hair. Then I felt her skin brush against mine. I looked down to see my bride, who would have blushed at the idea mere days before, stabbing her tongue at the pearly button of our blonde playmate, just centimetres from the spot where my shaft was sliding in and out of that wet cunt.

My attention was quickly diverted however, as Peggy continued her playfulness by pressing her naked body hard against my back, diamond like nipples drilling deep into my flesh. Peggy's hands reached around under my arms, and I was startled when she tweaked my nipples. If her goal was ensuring an enthusiastic fuck for Jazzy, this worked, as my body intuitively reacted by lurching forward, burying me even deeper in the blonde box. 

To keep a fast rhythm going, Peggy began humping her pelvis against my rear. If she had a cock, she would have been assfucking me doggy style. At the same time, her hands slid between me and Jazzy, as Peggy rubbed my chest and explored down my stomach, slowly so as not to tickle as she played with my hairy pelt. 

My piston kept plunging into Jazzy, but I seemed to float out of my body as the intensity overwhelmed me, so I was watching myself fucking this young woman, instead of participating. That plus the repeated sex prolonged the fucking, as my climax was delayed. Jazzy and Gaby each had a finger in Jazzy's cunt, jousting over her clit, inducing a series of orgasms.

Jazzy's spine curved into an arc as she lifted towards me, screaming, "Fill me with your seed, flood my cunt, so Gaby can eat it out of me."

From my hallucinatory perspective, I glanced over and enjoyed seeing Horace emptying his heavy load into Penny. He kept pounding deep into her as his weapon deflated. Each stroke drove Penny towards me, and she continued nipping at my flesh, with more passion and less playfulness. Still, it all seemed like a dream, even as her teeth drew blood.

Mary and Espy both played with Penny's tits until Horace finally collapsed back onto the sand, spent, a huge grin on his face. Yanic joined in then, sliding underneath the pretty young schoolteacher and slurping his buddy's cream, first cleaning her thighs where the streams of goo glistened brightly in the sun, and then working across , and upwards, until his nose was buried deep in the folds of Penny's pussy.

"It doesn't look like you and Mary will get to share that cream pie after all, "I quietly said to Jazzy, who seemed too lost in our own fucking to care.

What pushed me over the top, finally, was the treat of my bride's soft tongue flicking across the top side of my shaft at the very spot where it was entering Jazzy. At the same time, Peggy's expert fingers twined around my root, kneading me further towards providing the cream pie which Gaby longed to eat. Peggy's body warmed my back, adding energy to my thrusts like she was a solar panel. 

I felt Peggy's teeth nibble the shoulder which Penny had not gnawed, as she slid her head around mine, tonguing up my neck and teasing my ear canal with the tip of her tongue, and then nipping at the lobe. Her twin mimicked the moves; just a few beats delayed, repeating the actions on my other side. The feeling of twin tongues exploring my aural cavities sent shivers to my spine, and from there, straight out my cock. 
