 On Vacation - The Mexican Riviera

"Oh God, that feels so good." Liz moaned as she rode Gene's slick, thick shaft. She pulled herself up, almost off of him, so she could feel his big cock split her pussy lips, and then slid her wet, hairy pussy down. She felt the ridge of his cockhead slide over her g-spot and bounce against her cervix. "Oh baby! You fill me so full. I love riding your big cock." She forcefully slid down again so her clit mashed against his pubic bone sending waves of ecstasy through her body and making her breasts bounce.

"That's it baby, slide that hairy pussy up and down my big cock; make your tits bounce!" Gene cried out as he reached up to caress her bountiful breasts. Some guys prefer a tight ass, or shapely legs, but although Liz had both of these; Gene had two favorites, and Liz scored high on both: large breasts with nipples that stick out and a nice full, hairy, bushy pussy. He moved one of his hands to the base of his cock so he could play with her pubic hair as she moved while the other hand continued to enjoy her wonderful breasts and pointy nipples. 

Liz pulled her bushy cunt off Gene's hard, thick cock. She couldn't resist tasting herself on him and licked the long, rigid shaft like a lollipop. Lifting her head momentarily and looking at Gene with lust in her eyes, she said: "My pussy tastes so good on your big cock." She returned to her oral ministrations, licking the cunt juice off his balls. 

Then she turned around and slid back onto him facing his feet. She leaned back with her hands on either side of Gene's torso in a reverse cowgirl position; sliding her eager, moist pussy up and down his slippery pole. Gene pushed his hips up to meet her downward thrusts. In this position she hoped to see his big cock moving in and out of her curly-haired cunt (a lustful, voyeuristic, secret desire of hers) but all she could see was her furry mound moving up and down as she pumped her hips. "Oh that feels good! I can feel you filling me up. You're hitting my g-spot every time you go in. Fuck me with your big, hard cock." She continued to buck up and down like a cowgirl riding a bronco. She couldn't see that big cock splitting her furry lips, but oh did it feel good!

"That's it. Fuck yourself on my hard cock. I want to feel your pussy cum with me inside you." Gene moaned as Liz continued forcefully sliding up and down his engorged, fleshy manhood. Gene was on his back focused on timing his up-thrusts to match her movements. He relished the fact that Liz loved his big cock; as one or two of his previous girlfriends, due to his size, had trouble taking it on a regular basis. He could feel his cockhead slip nearly out; then split her pussy lips as he thrust up. He could last in this position for a long time to ensure she was satisfied before he allowed himself to cum.

"Oh yes," moaned Liz as her g-spot was massaged again and waves of pleasure pulsed from her steaming pussy throughout her body. On top of her full breasts, her nipples now hard and erect, pointed at the ceiling.

"Imagine there is some one between your legs licking your clit as you fuck yourself on my cock." Gene panted trying to hold back his orgasm. "Imagine the wonderful sensations you feel as my hard cock fills your cunt and hits your g-spot while she sucks on your clit and you cum all over both of us."

Liz and Gene had casually discussed a threesome several times but never taken any action to make it happen. They got very aroused whenever they talked about this fantasy, which took place just a little while ago while they lay in bed after waking up, and led to Liz riding Gene's big cock. Gene was really into the idea, especially if the third was a woman, but knew not to push or it would never happen. Liz was intrigued by the possibilities too; but not as enthusiastic as Gene.

Gene licked one of his fingers and reached around to draw circles around her engorged clit; Liz moaned. He changed directions and she moaned again, longer and louder this time, while continuing to slide her hairy pussy on his cock. Gene sensed she was nearly there and began gently stroking her clit from the underside as if his finger were a tongue.

"Feel that baby?" Gene asked, "Can you feel that tongue licking your clit? She's sliding her tongue over your clit to make you cum."

While Gene gently stroked her, Liz closed her eyes and imagined a woman lavishing her clit. The image in her mind had no specific form other than another woman's head between her legs, providing oral pleasure. Liz imagined the woman was fingering herself as she licked Liz. "Yes baby I can feel her licking me." Liz gasped; close to cumming. "She's making long strokes with the tip of her tongue all over my clit and fingering herself as she does it. My clit is engorged and growing. It's starting to come out from behind its hood. Oh God her tongue is on my naked clit and it feels good! She's as hot as we are. She's going to cum with us." 

With that, Liz's body started to spasm in pre-orgasmic throes as jolts of sex-fire shot through her body. She increased her pace as Gene sped up stroking her clit and applied more pressure.

"Cum on me baby. Cum all over my big cock. Squirt all over her face." Gene commanded as he thrust his big, hard cock deep in her hairy pussy.

This was too much for both of them. "Oh God, oh fuck!" Liz screamed, "Fuck me hard, lick my clit." Her orgasm sent her temporarily into another world. Gene grunted as cum gushed from his cock and splashed against her cervix. Liz felt the warm wetness fill her and completely let go. Her pussy contracted around Gene as he continued to pump his cum into her; and she began to squirt. He felt her love juice spew from her curly-haired cunt. His hand was covered with her love juice and it trickled down her thighs. She imagined the woman licking her clit was bathed in it.

Liz rolled off Gene leaving a trail of cum and pussy juice on his thigh as she lay next to him still quaking with aftershocks. Gene reached between Liz's legs and scooped up a goodly amount of his cum and her pussy juice on his fingers and licked them. "I want a taste too!" cried Liz. Gene scooped some more and she licked the gooey, tasty combination from his fingers. "Yum", she purred. 

She rested her head on his shoulder and they both relaxed in post orgasmic bliss. Liz had one arm on Gene's chest and began to stroke his nipple the way he liked. "Would you really like to do that?" Liz asked quietly.

"You mean have another woman lick you while we make love?" he asked.

"Yes, a threesome. Me, you and another man or woman." responded Liz.

"I think that would be wonderful." Replied Gene, "I would prefer a woman but maybe you would rather have a man."

"No, I think a woman." Liz said pensively, "If there were two men one of you would try to use the other hole and I'm not ready for any sort of double penetration. Plus, I think a woman would know better what to do. More gentle, correct pressure, less forceful."

"Do you really want to do it?" asked Gene.

"That was one of the best orgasms I've ever had." Said Liz "I only squirt when it's really powerful, and that one was. In my mind I imagined another woman eating my pussy as you fucked me. I'm getting aroused again just thinking about it. Look at my nipples sticking out. Maybe we could find someone at the nude beach this afternoon and really do it."

"Well, I'm game." said Gene trying not to sound too enthusiastic.

"Now that I've imagined what it would be like, and felt how strongly I reacted to the idea, the thought of it makes me really hot." Replied Liz while unconsciously playing with her semen-soaked pubic hair, "If we could find a woman that would play with us, then in addition to her eating me while you fuck me, I could do the same to her and I would get to see what your big cock looks like sliding in and out of her hot, hairy cunt. I've never told you this, but that's been a secret fantasy of mine." 

"You want me to fuck another woman?" asked Gene in disbelief.

"Well, I think of it differently. You wouldn't be fucking so much as showing me what that glorious cock of yours looks like going in and out of her furry cunt." Liz stated. 

"If you really want to do this, then maybe we can find a willing partner when we get to the nude beach today." Then he turned so he could look her in the eye and asked, "You really want to see my cock in someone else?" to confirm he heard her right the first time and was not dreaming.

"Yes I do! It get's me hot and wet just thinking about it." She said while looking at him. "I've masturbated to this fantasy several times when you were away. And when you're done fucking her, you can fuck me again and she can lick my clit again as I fuck myself on that big, thick juicy cock of yours. What an orgasmic feast that would be!" said Liz.

"So what would she look like?" asked Gene. He didn't really care, but thought if Liz were able to articulate the image in her mind it would be better for both of them and help identify prospects once they got to the beach.

"Let's see – first of all she has a nice hairy bush, maybe even hairy than mine, color doesn't matter. She has nipples that stick out when she's aroused, and nice breasts. She's not overweight; she's not too young or too old. How's that?" asked Liz as she finished her description and Gene realized that other than hair color, Liz had described herself.

"I like it! Enough specifics, but not too many. I'm sure we'll find a few women on the beach that meet those criteria and hopefully one will be horny enough to join us. Would we do it on the beach or back here in the condo?" asked Gene.

"Oh on the beach; it has to be on the beach." Answered Liz quite decisively as her fantasy was always at the beach when she used this image to get herself off. "We'll just have to find a private spot where we won't bother anyone and have fun." 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

They turned off Federal Highway 307 for Azulik, just south of Tulum. Liz was concentrating on the map and trying to make sense of the Mexican road signs, which were in Spanish. Gene was thinking about the possible threesome. His cock was slowly thickening and expanding down his thigh. "I'm just thinking out loud Liz," Gene broke the silence, "I guess we just casually stroll down the beach, trying find a spot, and surreptitiously check out the single woman for one that best fits our criteria. What do you think?" 

She looked up from the map to answer. She noticed the swelling of his nylon shorts and smiled. In addition to reading the map, she too was thinking about the threesome. She looked down at her shorts and could see a wet spot between her legs. "Well I haven't really haven't given that much thought to how we might find someone. But now that you mention it, that's probably the best idea. I mean, we can't walk around with a sign or anything. Yes, I think that will be best, just be casual." Answered Liz. "But don't worry, while we're checking them out, they'll be checking us out too. Especially you as your big cock bounces off your thighs while you're walking."

"Sounds like a plan." Responded Gene, "Here's the parking lot."

They got their stuff out of the car and headed down to the beach. (Note: In Mexico the beaches are not legally clothing optional, but by local convention, there is one stretch of beach at Azulik that is.) The resort where they parked sat next to the nude beach; was topless, and didn't charge to park as long as you bought a beer or ordered something from the restaurant.

They hadn't eaten lunch yet so they found seats on the beachside deck, munched on shrimp salad, watched the waves roll in, and enjoyed Tecates while gazing at the topless and bikini-clad people on the resort's lounges. Gene took notice of several topless women and said to Liz, "You said earlier that when we walk down the beach, people will be checking out my big cock. I think that may be true, but based on what I see on the beach in front of us, you are far better looking than any woman here. You have perfect breasts that undulate sexily as you walk, with beautiful nipples that stand up nicely and call out to be ogled. Add to that your long, luxurious pussy hair and I think that you will get more looks than I do; from the women as well as the men."

"Oh honey. You smooth tongued devil, you. I'll give you 20-minutes to stop talking like that!" Liz said as she giggled and pulled Gene close to give him a kiss while running her hand up under his shorts to caress his balls. "Do you really think that I am better looking than the busty, topless blonde on the lounge down there?"

"Absolutely, in all ways." replied Gene. "I'll bet they're fake, don't jiggle and have non-functioning nipples." They both laughed.

Leaving a tip for the waiter they walked down the steps to the beach and headed to the nude area. When they got 50-yards away from the resort, where they assumed it was safe to get naked, they stopped under some palm trees, took their clothes off and put them in Gene's backpack. Liz took her brush out and fluffed up her bush. Her dark, luxurious pussy hair now sensuously swayed in the gentle ocean breeze. Gene used his fingers to comb out his light colored pubic hair as well.

"Honey while we ate lunch I was thinking of that big cock of yours and you fucking me with someone sucking my clit. It's got me all wet and horny. I don't think I can wait until we find some one. I want to feel you fill my pussy with your magnificent cock right now. Let's stay under these palm trees and you can fuck me a little before we head down the beach, just a quick little poke to satisfy my itch. When we're done, your cock will be all shiny and my cunt hair tipped with moisture from my pussy juice." Said Liz, pulling Gene to her. 

Liz leaned over a bent trunk growing horizontally; resting her head on crossed arms and spread her legs. She looked back over her shoulder at Gene with pure lust in her eyes and dampness between her legs. Gene could see the moist tips of her pussy hair peeking out and positioned himself behind her. "Do you want this big cock now baby?" He asked as he bent his knees and rubbed the head of his cock in her wet slit and over her clit to spread her moisture. "Do you want this big cock to fill your hairy pussy? Right here behind the palm trees where anyone might see us? Is that what you want?"

"Oh yes, fuck me from behind. Put your big cock in my hot, wet pussy. I don't care if anyone sees. Just give me that big cock." Liz said huskily. Gene stopped sliding his cock over her clit and entered her moist love canal. As he pulled Liz's hips towards him he thrust his hard cock powerfully, his pelvis banged against Liz's succulent, heart-shaped ass. He could hear, feel, and see, how wet she was; as Liz's well lubed cunt squished with each forceful stroke. 

Gene knew that Liz really liked this position. He did too. Her boobs hung down and swayed back and forth as he alternately pulled her hips to him and then backed out. His cock glistened with Liz's pussy juice. In this position he could feel his long, thick cock spreading her furry lips and driving deep into her juicy cunt. 

"Baby, my cock is all shiny and slick with your pussy juice. You like getting your pussy pounded from behind with my big cock, don't you? My cockhead feels so good sliding past your furry cunt lips each time I go in." Said Gene as he continued to pump away and noticed that they were being watched by a slender attractive woman about 50 yards away. 

The woman was nude and held one hand above her eyes to shield the sun. Gene couldn't really see her face but he could see that she had a nice bushy beaver and hairy pits. "We have an audience honey." Gene said to Liz. "She looks just like the woman of your three-way fantasy. Can you see her down the beach, ahead of us?"

Liz didn't bother to look; she was too busy enjoying getting fucked in public. In this position, Gene's marvelous cock went really deep; filling her pussy and felt really good. "Just keep fucking me baby, your cock feels so good going so deep. Let her watch if she wants, just keep fucking me." Liz moved one of her hands between her legs and caressed her clit as the pounding continued. "I'm close baby, don't stop!" Liz called out hoarsely and took a deep breath. "God I love your big cock!"

Liz rubbed her clit to give herself a quicker orgasm as he fucked her from behind. He was glad he could pleasure her and that she was making sure she came. He loved feeling her climax while he was still hard and buried in her.

"Cumming! Cumming!" Liz moaned. Gene pushed his hips forward to sink his cock all the way in her pussy and was rewarded as her spasming vaginal muscles contracted around his thick cock. They stayed in that position for a couple of minutes as Liz's orgasmic contractions continued to ripple around his cock. Gene noticed the woman was still watching and smiled at her. She waved and continued on her way. 

Gene wanted to save himself for later and pulled out with out cumming. His long, thick cock shimmered in the alternating light and shade from the swaying palm fronds; a large drop of precum lingered on the tip.

Liz turned, put her arms around his neck and said, "Oh honey, that was sooo gooood! Remember when we fantasized about making love on the beach a few weeks ago? I'll remember this forever." As they kissed she could feel he was still hard with precum dangling from the tip of his cock. She bent down and licked it off and they kissed again sharing it.

"I guess we should put some sunscreen on before we get out of the shade of these trees." Liz said as she pulled the bottle out of his backpack. While they "greased" themselves up, Gene's erection partially deflated, at least enough to not upset any of the purist nudists who disdain showing an erection on a nude beach.

Gene casually looked at the women on the beach, acting as if he was looking for a spot, as they slowly walked along the water line. In his peripheral vision he could see Liz's beautiful breasts jiggle seductively with each step. He could feel his cock thickening in response and concentrated on the mission to avoid becoming fully erect.

The beach wasn't crowded, but there were quite a few people there; mostly nude but some women just topless and some men wore swim trunks. They were trying to spot a candidate for a threesome but saw mostly couples. As they continued Gene noticed the men's eyes were fixed on Liz, with her jiggly jugs and the bushy triangle between her legs clearly on display. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Gene's long, thick cock bouncing from the middle of one thigh to the other as they walked. Her pussy tingled as she thought back to a few minutes ago when they fulfilled a fantasy of making love on the beach with the woman watching.

Just a little ahead, Gene spotted three women with no men. He wasn't sure if they were together or not. Two had their towels close to each other and the third was in front of the other two and just fifteen feet from Liz and Gene. Gene squeezed Liz's hand, slowed to a stop and pointed to an open spot just to the left of the women and quietly said to Liz, "Look at those three. I think the one in front is alone and may be what we're looking for. She looks like the woman who was watching us fuck under the palm trees."

Liz turned slightly away from the water so she could see the woman Gene was talking about better. This made it easier for the people on the beach to see his big cock as previously their view was blocked by Liz who was walking next to him on the beach side. Gene casually scanned the scene with his hand over his eyes to provide shade from the sun and look less obvious that he was really checking out the single woman. He was surprised to find her looking right at him, right at his crotch and as she did so, she very subtly spread her legs to give him a better view and smiled at him. Even though she was leaning back on her hands, he couldn't help but notice her nice bushy beaver and the hair sticking out from her armpits. Yep, that was her all right; the woman who watched them having sex under the palm trees. 
