 I was on the rocks drying off when a voice asked, "Do you mind if we join you?" The speaker was a big beautiful black woman. An equally attractive black man was standing beside her. They were both naked, just as I was. 

I'd decided to celebrate National Nude Day by going to Hippie Hollow, the famous Texas nude beach. After spending some time in the cruising area up the rugged hillside, I'd gone down to the lake to swim and cool off. "I'd be delighted," I answered, smiling up at the couple. 

They settled beside me on the rocks. Their names were Caroline and Maxie. After we'd talked for a few minutes, Caroline said casually, "We saw you up the hill. Would you like to come with us?" A quick glance at my crotch answered her question. "Good," she said, standing up and taking my hand. "Let's go."

I admired them as we walked up the hill. They were big-bodied, muscular but not bulky, with beautiful rounded butts and attractive faces. Maxie's hair was clipped close to his skull, while Caroline's was short but very feminine. His skin was milk chocolate brown, hers was several shades darker. They were both tall, with him standing two inches taller than me and her being two inches shorter. 

Caroline had big firm breasts which swayed hypnotically as she moved, broad areola and nipples that looked as wide as the tip of my thumb. A lush triangle of pubic hair descended from her bikini line, but her vulva was completely bare, obviously freshly shaved. 

Maxie's penis was as magnificent as Caroline's breasts. Even soft, it was obviously much bigger than mine. I could hardly wait to see it erect. His cock and large balls were as hairless as Caroline's crotch and his pubic hair was closely clipped. 

Caroline and Maxie had built a little nest just off the big clearing where men often gathered. It was a tiny flat area, almost completely hidden by trees, with just enough room for an air mattress covered with a blanket, a big knapsack and a large picnic cooler. 

"Want some Gatorade?" Caroline asked, opening the cooler and removing a plastic jug. "Perfect for this heat." Up away from the water, the temperature was almost 100 degrees. 

"Sure," I answered, taking the jug and drinking deeply. I examined Caroline and Maxie as we passed the container around. Their beautiful ebony bodies were beaded with sweat. Even their tightly curled hair was soaking wet. I could smell them, the wonderful smell of fresh athletic sweat, clean, hot and incredibly erotic. 

"Come here, man," Caroline said, pulling my body against hers and giving me a long intense kiss. When she finally pulled away, she bent over and began licking and sucking my nipples. "Salty," she commented. "You taste wonderful. One of my favorite things is getting all hot and sweaty when I make love."

"I like a man who gets hard so fast," she said, falling to her knees in front of me. She took my testicles in one hand and gripped my stiff rod with the other as she extended her tongue to gently touch the little slit at my tip. The sensation was electric. That first contact lasted less than a second, but left me throbbing and oozing seminal fluid.

She continued lashing my cock head with quick tongue strokes while manipulating my shaft and balls with expert hands. It took all my will power to resist the desire to seize her head and drive my swollen pecker between her lush full lips. I almost came when she finally took me into her mouth. 

Maxie's cock grew rapidly as he watched his woman go down on me. Fully inflated, it was almost vertical, only leaning slightly away from his flat belly. It was two inches longer than mine and much thicker, looking almost like a missile, tapering slightly toward the tip, with a surprisingly bright deep pink circle between the head and massive shaft. 

"You're such a tasty man," Caroline finally said, pulling away and sinking to her back on the air mattress. "Come eat me, now." 

I lost myself in exploring her breasts, marveling at their size and firmness and savoring the salty taste of her sweat as her nipples grew under my lips until they were sticking out almost an inch from her swollen areola. She finally pushed me away from her chest and guided my head between her thighs. Her neat outer lips, much darker than the surrounding chocolate flesh, were still closed. I gently nibbled them, drawing them into my mouth and stroking them with my tongue. Her vulva was just as delightfully salty-tasting as her breasts had been. 

She gasped with pleasure as I ran my tongue up and down her swollen slit, lingering at the top to apply extra pressure to the fleshy hood concealing her clitoris. When I pulled her open, her hot center was bright pink and already extremely wet. I pushed my tongue into her depths, tasting her sweetly tart female juices. 

I moved my tongue upward, tickling her urethral entrance before continuing on to delicately probe beneath her clitoral hood. Caroline was beginning to moan. "Damn that's good!" she gasped. Her clit was emerging from its hiding place. It was the biggest I'd ever seen and looked more like a tiny penis than the neat little buds most women possessed. I touched it with the tip of my tongue and was rewarded by Caroline grabbing the back of my head and forcing my face down into her pussy. "Suck my clit!" she demanded. "Do it hard!"

I went down on her miniature erection exactly as if it were a man's cock, squeezing it with my lips and lashing it with my tongue. I slid two fingers into her slippery wet pussy and worked them in and out as I sucked her clit off. Caroline screamed as she came. I had to hold on to her thighs to avoid being bucked off. She finally spent herself and lay still on the mattress, gasping for breath. 

"That was good," she finally said, propping herself up on her elbows so she could look at my face. "I'll bet you're ready to fuck me now."

"Not so fast!" Maxie's deep voice startled me. "It's my turn," he announced as he placed a foot on either side of Caroline's hips and stood with his gigantic erection inches in front of my face. I wrapped my hand around his shaft. My thumb and index finger wouldn't quite close around his girth. 

I started out by licking his hot salty nuts, running my tongue all over his smooth skin and down between his legs into the supersensitive little area between his scrotum and anus. I sucked his balls, first taking one completely into my mouth, then the other. I tried to take both at once, but they were just too big. 

Leaving Maxie's testicles, I licked my way up his shaft, loving the feeling of his silky smooth skin under my tongue. At last, I wrapped my lips around his crown. I had to stretch my mouth to take it, but the feel of his velvet head and the sweet taste of his slick pre-cum were so exciting I felt as if I were going to cream right then and there. 

Maxie was making soft sounds of pleasure as I slowly took more of his cock into my mouth. I was able to manage most of his length. I began running my lips up and down his pole while jerking his shaft with my hand and tongue-lashing his head. He groaned, obviously getting close to orgasm. His trickle of juice was turning into a near flood and his penis was beginning to throb.

"That was really good," Maxie said, pulling away, "but I'm not ready to shoot, yet. Now you're going to give up your sweet butt cherry." 

"Oh yeah!" Caroline exclaimed. " I want to see my stud fucking Ken's tight little asshole."

A moment later, I was on my hands and knees on the air mattress with Maxie kneeling behind me and Caroline standing beside us, bending over to get a clear view of the action. I was excited and a little frightened. "Be gentle," I said. "I've never been fucked by a man your size." 

"Don't worry," Maxie said, "I'm not going to hurt your pretty little pink hole." He'd already lubricated a finger and pressed its tip against the center of my rosebud. "That was easy," he commented as I relaxed my muscles, allowing the finger to slide into my anus. "I guess you're ready for two fingers."

"What a nice tight butt cherry," Maxie said as he pushed two fingers into my asshole. With his huge hands, the two crossed fingers were thicker than an average man's penis. There was a tiny bit of pain, but I quickly relaxed to accommodate his probing digits. He uncrossed his fingers, spread them slightly and began aggressively finger-fucking me, twisting his wrist as he drove into my ass. 

I looked up at Caroline. She was watching wide-eyed as Maxie prepared me. She twisted and pulled on her protruding nipples as she gazed down on us. "Maxie has really big hands," she began, "but they're nothing compared to his cock. I really thought he was going to split me in two the first time he stuck it in me. He was slow and gentle until I was ready for him to fuck me good and hard. "

While Caroline had been speaking, Maxie had tucked his thumb between his two fingers and was gradually stretching me wider. He finally pulled his fingers out, carefully lubricated my ass and his massive rod and firmly pressed his swollen cock-head against my anal entrance. 

He opened me until I gasped in pain. Sudden tears blurred my vision. Caroline put a hand on Maxie's shoulder, but he'd already stopped moving. I pushed back fiercely until the tearing pain grew so great I couldn't stand it and I stopped, sobbing in frustration. 

Caroline sank to her knees in front of me and pulled my face down between her breasts. "It's okay," she cooed as she stroked my hair. "Tighten your ass muscles, then let them relax. Maxie's not going anywhere. He can stay hard for hours. Push back when you're ready."

It took several minutes to take Maxie's entire length. As I worked my anal muscles and carefully pushed my butt back onto his swollen pecker, I distracted myself by stroking my own cock and sucking Caroline's nipples. Finally, the pain was a distant memory and Maxie was fucking my ass with long smooth strokes. It was wonderful. I'd never been stretched so wide or filled so deeply. 

Caroline moved to a position where she could watch the action. "That's my stud," she purred, "Driving his Cadillac cock into Ken's white booty." She reached under my body and gripped my shaft. "You sure are hard and throbbing," she said. "How does it feel?"

"It's great!" I gasped. "I've never been fucked like this before. It's like I cum every time Maxie thrusts his cock up my ass. I'm going to shoot for real pretty soon." 

"No!" she said. "Maxie, take a break. I want Ken to fuck me before he shoots his load." Maxie pulled out, leaving me feeling achingly empty. I wondered if I was spoiled for other men. 

Caroline got onto her back with her legs spread and pulled my body to hers. "Come on Sugar," she whispered. "My cunt's hot, wet and ready for your cock right now! Yeah! Put your head right there . . . that's right. No need to be gentle . . . just drive it . . . Ooohhh! Yes, yes!! Fuck me hard!"

Caroline screamed and moaned as I thrust into her. Her hot slick pussy was incredibly tight and she was expert at working her muscles to clutch and release my penis as I moved inside her. She put her feet on the mattress and twisted her pelvis upward, forcing me to move to a kneeling position between her legs. As much as I'd loved lying on top of her with my chest flattening her firm breasts, this was even better. I could look straight down and watch my penis going in and out of her vagina, run my hands over her body and bend forward to kiss her.

"Yeah man, drive that cock up my Sugar's snatch," Maxie growled. He was kneeling behind her head, stroking his thick meat as he watched us fucking. "She loves getting fucked . . . especially with an audience."

I'd been so focused on Caroline and Maxie that I hadn't realized that our little hideaway was no longer private. Several men had been attracted by our passionate noises and were now standing around the mattress, masturbating as they watched us. 

"You are so good," Caroline whispered. "I'm really getting close." I moved my body slightly closer to hers, so my penis was rubbing her big swollen clit more directly. She was gasping and moving her pelvis in time with my strokes. She stared up at the watching men and kneaded her breasts as she gasped, "Oh Ken! Fuck me Ken! I'm cummming . . .!" I gripped her thighs to hold our bodies together as she thrashed beneath me. When her orgasm had finally passed, I bent forward and kissed her tenderly. 

We lay together for a long time, kissing and stroking each other's hair. "Ken, that was so good," she finally murmured. "Did you come too? I got so wild I couldn't tell."

"It felt like it," I answered, "but no. Not quite."

"Good. I want to feel you shooting inside me."

My cock, still deep inside her pussy, was as hard as ever. "Ready for me to start again?" 

"No. I want to get on my hands and knees." Caroline paused to kiss Maxie for a long time before moving into her new position. Kneeling with her face and chest pressing against the mattress, she reached back and pulled her buttocks open, exposing her tender little rosebud. It was the same beautiful shade of chocolate brown as the skin surrounding it.

Caroline moaned with pleasure and pushed back against my face as I lovingly caressed her sweet pucker with long slow strokes of my flat tongue. She was so salty! When I had her good and wet, I pressed the tip of my tongue against her anal entrance and gradually teased her open. When I had most of my tongue inside her, she gasped, "Fuck me now, Ken. I need your cock up my ass."

Maxie handed me the tube of lubricant. I coated my index finger and tenderly inserted it in Caroline's hot rectum. She relaxed to let it in, then squeezed it tightly, giving me a preview of what she was going to do to my penis. 

I quickly lubricated my cock and positioned the head between her buttocks. "Is my anal slut really ready?" I teased. Caroline responded by pushing backwards so her hole engulfed my glans and the first two inches of my shaft. Her muscles rippled around me. "Wonderful anal slut!" I whispered as I shoved my remaining length into her body.

Caroline laughed with delight. "Fuck your slut's ass good and hard! I'm ready for it."

I started out with long rapid strokes, pulling out until my cock head was barely kissing her little rosebud, then driving fiercely in and slamming my balls against her body. Although I miss being able to kiss or see my partner's face, I love the sight of my cock moving in and out of beautiful rounded buttocks. After a couple minutes of violent fucking, I slowed down to enjoy Caroline stimulating me with her magical anal muscles. 

There was a pressure gradually building at my own back door. I'd been so intent on Caroline, I hadn't noticed Maxie moving into position behind me. I held still as he pushed his massive member into my asshole. This time, there was no pain, only an incredibly exciting feeling of being stretched and filled. "Hold still!" I whispered urgently when he'd reached bottom. "I'll come if you move!" After a few seconds, the sensation of impending orgasm had subsided. I slowly rocked my pelvis, moving my cock inside Caroline's ass and fucking myself with Maxie's rod. 

A handsome college-age Oriental man with blonde streaks in his black hair straddled Caroline's back, sticking his erect penis in my face. When I took him in my mouth, he grabbed my head and began thrusting rapidly. He shot after a few strokes, filling my mouth and throat with his slightly-sour man juice. 

Maxie was now thrusting into me rapidly and I was driving my cock into Caroline's asshole with equal speed and force. I looked around the clearing. Two women had joined the remaining men. One was willowy, with long brown hair pulled back in a pony tail. Her companion was stocky with a white-bleached crewcut. She was standing with spread legs, violently thrusting fingers into her wet snatch. The brunette was standing behind her, roughly twisting the butch's nipples. 

The Oriental man was on his knees, sucking a blonde teenager. An Angelo body builder was bent over, being fucked by an equally muscular Latin. A handsome red head with a slender runner's body was standing in front of Caroline, beating his meat. She beckoned to him. "You, Red! Do you want your dick sucked?" He nodded. "Get under me and I'll suck you while you eat me out." He scrambled to comply.

"Yeah Red, that's great!" she exclaimed. "You like me stroking you? Good! Finger fuck my snatch . . . yeah, two fingers. Suck my clit and finger fuck me while Ken drives his big cock up my asshole." She stopped talking and I knew she'd taken Red's stiff prick into her mouth.

The blonde pulled away from the Oriental and stepped toward our cluster-fucking group. I think he wanted me to suck him, but he didn't make it. Thick ropes of cum burst from his throbbing penis, striking my chest and landing on Caroline's back. 

I was getting close and I could sense Caroline and Maxie were, too. I had a brief mental image of a giant old locomotive with pistons, rods, levers and wheels all moving with perfect synchronized power. We were no longer individuals with distinct bodies and minds; we'd merged into a powerful erotic machine with every thought and fiber driving toward a single goal.

Caroline was first. She pulled her mouth off Red's cock to scream "Yes! Yes!! Yes!!!" as her body shook and her asshole clenched my driving rod. Maxie roared as he rammed my ass, releasing a flood of hot semen into my butt with every hammer blow. His first pulse set me off and I shot wave after wave of cum up Caroline's ass, in perfect synchronization with Maxie's thrusts. 

The Angelo body builder broke away from his companion and stumbled towards Caroline, frantically stroking himself. "Please suck me," he begged. He started spurting as she lifted her face. The first gobs struck her cheek and chin before he could press his cock between her lips. "Yeah!" he exclaimed as he emptied the rest of his load into her mouth. 

The Latin grabbed Red's ankles, pulled him into the open and lifted his legs. The red-haired runner screamed as the thick cock slammed into his asshole. The Oriental grabbed Red's penis and began jerking it. Cum fountained from Red's cock as the body builder pulled out and sprayed Red's belly with thick wads of semen. 

Individuals again, we reluctantly dismantled the sex machine. Maxie slowly pulled out of my butt and rose to his feet. I separated from Caroline and helped her up. The Anglo's cum was on her face and in her hair. I kissed her, tasting him on her lips and tongue.

The short-haired lesbian had been screaming and cumming. Now she was standing unsteadily, grinning widely at us while her femme companion supported her. 

Red was still flat on his back, with Caroline's juices all over his face and cum glistening on his chest and belly. "I'm fine," he said, seeing her concerned expression. "I like a good hard ass fucking." He rose to his feet. "You were wonderful," he continued. "I wish my wife was like you. Will you kiss me?" Caroline tenderly pressed her lips against his. 

Except for Red, all the men had left. The lesbians came over and kissed Caroline. "Oh Hell!" the butch growled. "You guys, too." They both kissed Maxie and me, as thoroughly and passionately as they had Caroline. "That was fun. Come on, Sugar," the femme said, taking her lover's hand and leading her away. 

Maxie pulled the Gatorade out of the cooler and drank thirstily before passing me the jug. Caroline had resumed kissing Red. It looked as if he was going to fuck her on the spot. When they finally separated, she snatched the bottle from my hand and downed half its remaining contents in one long gulp. Red finished it more slowly. Caroline fell to her knees and kissed his penis while I stood behind him and caressed his buttocks. "I guess I'd better go," Red finally said, reluctantly. "Ann will be wondering what's happened to me." 
