 If uninterested in group sex that includes men together, better to skip to another tale. Based on various real elements, the central action is fantasy.

*****

The early October weather was glorious for going to the beach on the island, especially when one gets going quickly enough in the morning. We'd arrived fairly early, without any problems parking or driving along the winding 1 and 1/2 lane road, with its car height stone walls on both sides probably making this an incredibly frustrating mess in the summer season.

We'd chosen one of the island's official nude beaches, a long curving stretch of undeveloped coast, often compared to the best that the Caribbean has to offer. Custom is not the same as law, of course, but in this case, it was a true nude beach. Several years ago, I'd been told by a couple of Spanish park employees at a seaside nature park there was no law in Spain requiring clothing at the beach.

Being a nude beach, and undeveloped, we had packed appropriately light weight, the six pack of beer being the only bit of luxury, especially before 10am. But since the weather was already easily over 85° F in the bright sunshine, there was no question that liquid refreshment would soon be welcome. 

As a married couple, we had no plans of any variety, apart from enjoying the sun, sand, and surf naked, something we have done over the last 15 years at various ocean beaches in Spain and in France, and lakes in Germany. My wife tolerates my taking pictures of her nude, well aware of how much it turns me on. Though somewhat less aware of how eagerly the best pictures are shared. Not that she hasn't done the same - including sending B&W professional shots of herself to a surfer she met in Hossegor.

Laying back, beach nicely empty, apart from a few people easily 50 yards distant. One pair of men was a bit closer, but the camera was not really noticeable, especially considering my overriding interest in using it. Getting almost hard, realizing that a couple of other naked people were at least part of the scene, going further than normal when taking nude pictures in public, already enjoying a certain freedom. 

After going through the first lotioning and swimming cycle, we lay on our towels, sharing our first beer of the day. Not much was going on anywhere near us, but at some point, beer half done and a bit warmer, both of us noticed that the naked pair we'd seen earlier had drawn even to us along the waterline, solving the question of whether it was a male couple. The leading person was about our age, comfortably later middle-aged. The other one seemed considerably younger, quickly attracting my wife's attention. She tends to find a certain immaturity very sexy in a man, often imagining taking advantage of it for her own pleasure.

The now stopped pair was carrying considerably more than we had, and though clearly fit, the sun and effort had them sweating. All of us being naked made it easier to follow their approach without being embarrassed. Especially as both of us were quite uninhibited at this point, as the beer, beach, and vacation left us open for casual encounters, of any variety. 

It was easy to catch their gaze, and in my case, to hold it with the older of the pair. Considering that my wife was likely checking out the younger man, I made no secret of my interest in him. Subtly, yet generally unmistakably, as experienced in the last 5 years, when two naked men hold each other's gaze, intently looking both at faces and between legs, it is a clear invitation.

They picked up the cooler, coming very near, clearly happy not to need an excuse to walk further on. Sharing grins, they set up a smallish sun umbrella promptly. Things now set in shade, they then went down to the beach, walking out to the sandbar, swimming a bit in the swells. My wife was clearly paying attention to the motion of the younger man's ass, with a certain expression starting to form on her face. I noticed how the couple were clearly teasing each other, without quite losing control. 

When they returned, somewhat aroused cocks bobbing, I caught the younger man's attention, who responded with a certain hesitancy. Partly because he was clearly more interested in looking at my wife. Particularly when she would shift position, returning to unashamedly looking at his swinging cock. And partly because he likely knew he was being propositioned by a married man. Though I did not know if he caught the earlier interplay, broadly speaking, men who have sex with other men are promiscuous sluts. 

In a fashion that women seem unable to appreciate, at least when explaining how sexy it can be just to have sex with anyone willing, without words. Basically, the only explanation that seems to work in some fashion is to point out that group sex only happens in groups. For example, groups in a bathhouse, a place where men can privately have sex with each other. Or, possibly, on the gay stretch of a long curved nude beach, completely undeveloped, the underbrush on the first low dunes roped off, but clearly marked with paths. 

After drying, they politely asked if they could spread out their towels here, the older man opening the cooler. "We like our beer cold on hot days" he joked, quite possibly responding to my previous attention and starting to see where things would go.

"Cold beer is always good when its hot," I replied. "As you can see, we agree."

He quickly passed a bottle to the younger man, who definitely appreciated a socially acceptable reason to stare at my wife as she sat up, feet on her knees. Providing him a clear view of her pussy, one that obviously captured his attention. The older man and I continued to look at each other for extended periods, attention shifting between face and crotch. Aware that the other two would be able to take care of themselves.

Particularly as he had handled over an opened bottle to my wife, who stretched out luxuriously to take it 

Having rapidly drank half of her second bottle, my wife casually, and accurately, remarked that getting 'tipsy' like this tended to make her pretty loose, especially in public. Chatting a bit, exchanging names, my wife emptied her bottle quickly. The older man was named John, the younger Ed, in the middle of a shared two week vacation, with similar lazy plans as us, enjoying a day naked on the beach. 

My wife commented on how we were now definitely on vacation. Chatting a bit, when my wife's bottle was empty, she put it down in the sand, rolling over to make sure that the two men next to us had a fine view of her naked ass. We were still isolated from casual onlookers, with no one near. My wife started grinning as soon as Ed finished his beer, just a moment after her. With a somewhat smothered giggle in her voice, she asked him if he wanted to go in the water, now standing next to him, pussy quite close to his head. He agreed, so she bent down, tits swaying, offering him her hand along with a nice view.

John and I recognized each other as fellow nudists, both of us having full body tans, and less of the red that both my wife and Ed had in areas normally covered by a bathing suit. Neither were sunburned, but it was apparent that neither of them spent as much time naked outdoors as John or I.

The pair went swimming, comfortably intimate without being overtly sexual, at least it seemed until my attention was pulled away. John finished his beer, though I still had about half mine left, asking if I minded if he smoked a joint. Laughingly, I replied I would only mind if he did not share it. He grinned back, saying that getting high made him pretty loose, adding that Ed did not enjoy the smell of grass.

Prompting me to explain that my wife was the same way about the smell. And remarking that getting high made me loose too, much more than drinking. Sharing the joint, it became obvious we were starting, predictably, to get turned on while getting high. Leading me to talk about what a hot slut my wife became when drunk, and straightforwardly asking if Ed was exclusively gay. John's increasingly stoned expression was turned towards the waves, asking me to have a look.

As we were already close, I turned a bit, brushing his leg. Looking at the water, my wife and Ed were on the further sandbank. Focussing my attention, it was unmistakable they each had a hand between the other's legs, moving with the waves. Of course this caused my cock to stir, a stirring that grew irresistible as John asked me if I was exclusively straight.

"No, I'm not." 

"I thought so - does your wife know?"

"Actually, yes."

"And your wife?"

"She is open minded, and a bit of an exhibitionist. Her taste in women is someone slender, long blond hair, smallish breasts, make up, very femme. But generally, her tastes are pretty much exclusively male dominated. Such as a weakness for younger men." It was surprising to be talking to a stranger like this, both of us getting turned on talking about the naked figures clasping in the waves, now clearly humping uninhibitedly.

"Like Ed?"

"Apparently - just look at them."

"I am" he noted with a grin in his voice, his hand beginning to lightly stroke along my leg, making me sigh contentedly - and encouragingly.

I continued "What women find interesting in a man is beyond my understanding."

"And men?" he asked, his hand having slid tantalizingly higher along my leg, prompting me to begin doing the same to him.

"Also honestly beyond my understanding. Maybe because I pretty much cannot resist looking at the female form. Particularly when clearly being finger fucked .. like my wife appears to be. But there is one thing I definitely find sexy with men - a hard cock."

By now, we were both touching the other's swelling cock, observing the turned on couple in the water. Already well into irresistible territory, having found a willing stranger to play with, watching my wife enjoy sex with a stranger herself. 

John began to moan a bit, then said "We noticed the photo shooting - you enjoyed it, right? Ed was very curious about how your wife looked close up."

"I bet his curiosity is being satisfied" I answered. 

"You don't seem to mind." He said the last sentence as his fingers closed gently over my downward pointing shaft, causing my legs to spread open to give him better access, the beer and weed overcoming any hesitation about being in public with a naked man stroking me, distracting me from the lovely sight of my wife having turned around, Ed's hands on her hip, clearly 'bumping,' as she prefers to call fucking when turned on.

"Neither do you .. about Ed. My wife thinks .. married couples .. get cut some slack." The glorious sensations coming my cock were making it harder to speak properly, the words a turn on too. Not just for me, as I could feel from how John's rigid cock twitched in my grasp, our legs entwined, moving ever closer to each other. "This isn't .. the first .. beach encounter .. fucked a stranger." 

Typed words do not provide the proper framework for how language changes when talking about sex in aroused terms, being intimate with each other, as we half turned, moving closer as our cocks began to touch. An exquisitely delicious sexual feeling, an amazing contrast of soft skin covering a rigid shaft, at least as sexy to feel as a wet pussy when erect. Especially when kissing, as we started to do, unable to think about anything outside of our hot contact. I have rarely been so completely overwhelmed, completely unconcerned about having sex this way, uncaring if my wife, or anyone else, saw.

Precum is part of what makes cock games so sexy, and we had definitely been playing long enough for the precum to have been a major reason for my mind simply disappearing as we caressed and fondled each other. Looking around at some point, I noticed my wife, Ed trailing several steps behind, had crossed the over the sandbar, splashing up the last zone of waves, about to leave the water. John and I drew back a bit, ensuring that things were ready for a wet pair to arrive and dry off. I made sure my wife's glasses were out of the way - part of the reason for my lack of caution was knowing she could not see much without them.

They squatted across from the umbrella, providing a surprising amount of cover. I loved watching how my wife's left hand subtly went between Ed's legs, feeling her other hand begin to slide over my chest. John's hand began stroking along my thigh as my fingers found my wife's sexy slit. When her hand slid over cock, I could not stop from moaning, asking if she had been fucking in the water.

"Oh yes .. finger me .. fuck yes .. slut cunt .. he fucked .. so fucking good .. my cunt."

She went to her knees in the sand, bending over to start sucking my hard cock, which John guided into her mouth. His hand continued to stroke over my balls and thighs, even when Ed started to go down on him. We were all touching each other, sinking into a fantastic shared state, riding each other's pleasure. Nonetheless, all of us remained restrained enough to not start orgasming, even when the possibility was so delightfully available.

Slowly disentangling, I got beer out of the cooler, handing opened cans around. Our sweat was already drying, making the beer easy to drink quickly, enjoying its wet coolness in our mouths and throats. We had settled into a comfortable laying position, favoring the non-nudists. Ed lay against their umbrella, my wife between him and me, with John on the outside.

We chatted a bit, looking around the beach, appreciating the fact that no one was near, or walking towards us. Leading to getting ever closer again, enjoying the buzz of beer and naked skin. I felt John's stiffening cock between my thighs as someone began to tweak my nipples perfectly. In response, I began kissing my wife's open and willing mouth, both of us fantastically turned on, tongues twirling, certain that she was being fingered, a real turn on.

That I didn't know who was fingering her just added to the thrill, as our passionate kissing continued. A certain logic seemed to possess how we moved, my wife rolling to place my cock right at her cunt entrance, even as I felt John's tempting cock head press against my yielding ass. Precum was flowing, both mine and his, making sliding into willing holes irresistible.

We continued to exchange pleasures, moving at times. Watching Ed start to go down on John was hot, as was then watching my wife suck Ed's hard cock, right in front of me. Somebody was rubbing my cock against a wet open cunt as temptation filled me. I reached out to touch Ed's wet cock after stroking my wife's hair, my face nearing a stranger's cock, which had likely been fucking the hot pussy I was sliding into.

My wife made it easy, grasping his cock and pointing it towards my open mouth, murmuring "oh fuck yes" as I started to give head to a man in front of my wife. Pumping her pussy deep, leg over her turned thigh, aware that this was a possible position for fucking. With a wet hard cock so close, it took little effort to feel a smooth slippery rod press against my hole, then inside, a wave of unstoppable pleasure filling me as his cock went deeper.

Pleasures merged, my deeply fucking cock feeling filled with his cock, my mouth on another cock, completely abandoned in the sensations. Ed moved away, his hand moving to stroke my wife's sopping cunt from behind. Soon, my wife started moaning helplessly as a cock started to push past her anal ring. She needs to be very turned on to enjoy such things, but when in the mood, ass fucking is something she finds fantastically dirty.

We kissed as two strangers fucked our asses, something we'd never imagined being so heavenly to share, naked on a public beach. Reaching down, my hand took my cock before I moved a bit, indicating that fucking was over for me. Of course, cumming was the next thing planned, jacking off with other men. John started stroking, turned towards me on his side. Ed pulled out as my wife became to play with her slit, and it seemed he was also jacking off.

The cum started flowing at some point, and we all got carried along in its glorious flow. A natural delight outdoors, getting back to nature in the best fashion.