 My wife and I "found" each other late in life. We were introduced by friends whom thought we would have liked each other. 

They set us up at a New Year's Eve party and by the 4th of July we had moved in together. She has a promising career as regional director and I opted for an early retirement from a law firm. As luck would have it, her company needs legal counsel from time to time, so I have done some consulting from time to time.

We were preparing to celebrate our 5th Anniversary together when she got a last minute "tasking" for a business trip to Las Vegas. We paid the difference for me to go and decided to make the trip our getaway for a long weekend. 

We settled into the hotel and went downstairs for some late afternoon gambling. As we sat at the table, the client kept calling her wanting to know if she would be able to move the meeting Monday afternoon rather than Saturday morning. "It could not have worked out any better." 

Since we had traveled from the east coast, we were starving by 3:30 and headed to the buffet. It was a joke. So we headed to the lobby to ask about a better place to eat and they sent us down the street. On the way there, we navigated a crowded and cluttered sidewalk. 

People were selling everything. Handing out fliers and there were tons of street performers, drag queens and many others in costume. 

We got separated by a Bachelorette Party. The girls had tied themselves together and it made for a "crowd buster" on the sidewalk. As I looked over to see my wife looking at me, an Asian woman stepped in front of me and handed me a flier to a prostitution ranch nearby. At first I refused. She looked at me and said, "Its legal here ..."

I took the flier just to get her out of my face and then looked up to see my wife taking a picture with a couple of knights from an Excalibur show. 

We let the Bachelorette Party pass and got back together. We made it to the restaurant and got a table in 10 minutes. 

"Well THAT was interesting ..." she said. 

I looked at her and smiled. "How so?" I asked.

"You saw the guys taking a photo with me?" she asked. 

I nodded. 

She got a little red. 

"Well?" I kind of begged. 

She cleared her throat, "As I raised the camera to take the picture they BOTH grabbed my ass!!"

"Jesus!!" I blurted out.

She started laughing ... "I have to admit, I liked it ... but I liked what they said even more."

I calmed down a little. "What did they say?"

She turned red again. "They said that they usually charge $5 a picture ... but since I was the hottest woman they had seen in over an hour, they would take as many pictures as I want for free." 

It struck a little pride with her. It upset me but it was some harmless fun and (for her) I didn't make an issue of it since she actually enjoyed herself and THAT was why we were here. 

"Then I would say they BOTH have a good eye." I said calmly. 

"What happened to you?" she asked. 

"The Bachelorette Party split us in two and then an Asian woman handed me a brochure for a time share." I lied. 

"Let me see it ... We could get a free night in a 5 star hotel or something ..." she asked. 

"BUSTED ... " I thought to myself. 

"I dropped that one ... and then another guy gave me THIS ..." I replied as I handed her the flier for the prostitutes. 

"What the FUCK?" she asked with her New York accent surfacing a little. 

"Apparently it is legal here." I suggested. 

"OH ... thaaat's RIGHT ... it is." she replied. 

"So how about that Bachelorette Party?" I asked. 

She turned red. 

After we had been dating for about a year, she had a little too much to drink one night and confessed to me that during her first Bachelorette Party an old college room mate had made a pass at her. Had she not been drinking, I probably would have not gotten the whole story. The "Whole Story" was pretty juicy and graphic. She made no effort to stop herself as she told me how her old roommate had put the party together and (by design) the group ended up at her place for late night drinks. Some of the girls passed out, some dropped off before the main group got back to her old college roommate's place. Still, a pretty big group had made it back to the apartment. As everyone kept leaving, her old roommate made an effort to wear less and less clothing. She was also turning up the heat in her apartment as people left. 

My wife was down to her shirt and panties as Tina (her old roommate) poured her a glass of wine. 

Lacy, a mutual friend of Tina's and my wife came out of the bathroom and sat on the couch next to my wife. My wife recalled the evening as things unfolded:

Lacy was in her bra and panties. She had a glass of wine and a smirk on her face that let my wife know something was up. 

Tina had locked the door after a few stragglers had left, dimmed the lights and brought the wine over to the couch. They each sat beside my wife on the couch (her in the middle). Tina was down to her panties and a push-up bra. 

My wife Nancy had suspected that Tina was bi-sexual in college but never pressed her about it. Now it was completely obvious .. even intoxicated, Nancy could see where the lines were being drawn. 

Lacy turned sideways on the couch and placed her hand on Nancy's thigh. She reached over to the coffee table and set her wine glass down. Her hand never moved. 

Nancy swallowed really hard and became paralyzed with emotion, fear and excitement all at once.

Lacy slowly leaned back onto the couch and looked at Nancy. Her eyes darted away from Nancy's for a split second and then returned to Nancy's gaze. 

No words were spoken. 

Nancy felt Tina's fingers run through her hair. She turned to look at Tina and that was when Tina pulled Nancy's face towards hers and kissed her on the lips. 

Nancy kissed her back and that was ALL that Tina needed in the realm of "permission". In the seconds that followed, Tina pushed her tongue into Nancy's mouth and Nancy reciprocated in kind. 

Tina moved her hand down to Nancy's breast and cupped it gently as she kissed her neck and bunched her hair. 

Nancy tried to fight this, but she got more and more aroused as Tina kissed and caressed her body. 

Lacy unclasped my wife's bra and Nancy helped slide the straps off of her shoulders and it fell to the floor. 

Tina moved her mouth right to Nancy's nipples and Nancy moaned. 

Lacy stroked Tina's back and Nancy's shoulder. Nancy relaxed and her body she leaned back against the couch pillows. Her mouth was open. Lacy grabbed her chin and pulled her head to the side. Lacy slid her tongue into Nancy's mouth and the two French Kissed as Tina sucked on her nipples. 

Nancy's head never stopped spinning. Tina worked her way down her stomach and kissed Nancy along her panty line. Nancy knew what was going to happen next. 

Tina peeled Nancy's panties off of her and kissed her freshly waxed pussy. Nancy had "held off" of satisfying herself because the wedding was in a few days. That was ALL out the window now ...

Tina slid Nancy's panties off of her legs and pushed her thighs apart. Lacy had started pinching her nipples and occasionally pushed her nipples into Nancy's mouth. 

When Tina's tongue hit the right spot on Nancy's pussy, Lacy knew it too. Nancy let out a gasp that nearly rattled the windows. Tina pushed her face into Nancy's hot and steamy pussy and it did not take long before Nancy was holding her head in place and moaning loudly into Lacy's mouth.

Nancy was really enjoying this. Being the center of attention in a love triangle did have its benefits. Her first orgasm was quick but powerful. The second orgasm was a complete surprise and as Lacy sucked on her nipples, she came harder than she ever had in her life. 

As the third orgasm was approaching, Nancy found herself encouraging her friend out loud. "Eat that pussy Honey .. OHHH you eat it soo fucking GOOOOOOD ... that's it ...right there ... OH YES ... OH SHIT ... oh OH OHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSS ...

Some of the wine had worn off and Nancy was panting as Tina wiped her chin and came up for air. Lacy moved back and Tina grabbed Nancy by the head and French Kissed her, forcing her to taste her own juices. 

After the shock wore off, Nancy reached down and pinched Tina's nipples. Tina broke the "seal" and smiled down and Nancy. "My turn Baby ..." 

Tina laid back on the couch and Nancy knelt on the floor. Nancy pushed her pussy lips apart and placed her mouth over Tina's clit. She pointed her tongue and touched Tina's clit. Tina's body went tense instantly and she began to moan Nancy's name. 

Nancy lapped away at Tina's pussy and within a few minutes, she brought her to orgasm. Nancy looked up and saw Lacy stripping out of her panties and bra. She kissed Tina and sucked on her nipples as Nancy brought Tina to a second orgasm. Tina's body shuddered as her orgasm swept through her body. 

My wife played volleyball in high school and was very competitive. She continued to lick at Tina's clit and she slipped her finger into her pussy. As she massaged the back of her clit from the inside, she tongued the outside and in a matter of seconds, Tina was crying out for Nancy NOT to stop. This orgasm was harder to achieve, but the reward was well worth it. 

As Tina chanted, "Nancy .. Nancy ... Nancy ... OHHHH FUUUUCK YEA ... Don't Stop Baby ... Don't Stop ... OHH Shit OH SHIT ... Ohhhhhhhh FUUUUCK ... Oh FUCK ... OH FUUUUUCK ..." 

Tina's body tensed up and as Nancy made her come she pushed her away and her pussy spewed a clear liquid into the air. Her body twitched and her muscles flexed as she continued to push the fluid into the air. 

"OH MY GOD!!" Lacy said in a husky voice. 

Tina was laying in a puddle and panting. She could not say anything. 

Lacy leaned over and started licking up the fluid. She pulled Nancy's face into one of Tina's thighs and encouraged her to lick her clean. "You made her squirt Honey ... you get to clean her off now." 

Nancy licked the fluid off of Tina and kissed Lacy from time to time. She was getting worked up again and she knew exactly what she wanted to do. 

Nancy pushed Lacy back into the chair at the end of the coffee table and "attacked" her pussy. Lacy was sweet tasting and more responsive than Tina was (at first). 

As her first orgasm built up, Lacy began to growl and pulled Nancy's hair as she pushed her hips against Nancy's face. 

Lacy exploded into Nancy's mouth and screamed out every swear word Nancy had ever heard. 

Nancy, still in competition mode, slid a finger into Lacy. She sighed and moaned a little louder. Nancy's jaw was starting to hurt but she wanted to bring Lacy into her circle the right way ...

Tina had moved over and started kissing Lacy. Lacy was losing her breath, so she pushed Tina down to nibble on her nipples. Tina wanted more than that, so she moved behind Nancy and started licking Nancy's pussy. Nancy moaned into Lacy's pussy. 

Tina paused and Nancy could feel her fingers caressing her ass cheeks. 

Tina pulled Nancy's ass cheeks apart and started giving her a rim job. Nancy moaned into Lacy's pussy louder than before. 

Nancy got an idea from all the attention and she pulled her finger from Lacy's pussy. She continued eating her and worked a different finger into her pussy. After a few seconds, she pushed a finger into Lacy's asshole. 

Lacy screamed with pleasure as Nancy fingered her in the same manner she had just fingered Tina to a squirting orgasm. She worked the second finger in and out and tongued Lacy's pussy faster than before. 

Lacy's third orgasm was huge. She pulled Nancy's face into her hips and ground her pussy into mouth as she cursed and convulsed for what felt like an eternity. 

As Lacy started to relax, Tina pulled on Nancy's hips and started pushing her tongue into Nancy's asshole. It was different and new, but it still felt wonderful. 

Tina moved her hand under Nancy and started rubbing her pussy while she was "tongue punching her turd cutter". 

Nancy was almost ready to orgasm when Tina stopped. Tina stood up, helped Nancy to her feet and laid her down on the couch. She helped Lacy to her feet and whispered in her ear. Lacy smiled. 

Tina knelt between Nancy's legs and returned to her asshole. A different angle made for different sensations. 

Lacy knelt on the couch and went down on Nancy. The two girls were careful not to bump heads. Lacy licked her swollen clit as Tina rimmed her ass. Two tongues seemed to triple the pleasure and when Nancy came she cried out both of their names. 

As Lacy let off, Tina would work a little harder and as Tina would let off, Lacy would work her end a little harder. It was heaven. 

When both the girls were convinced Nancy was spent, they both backed off and curled up on the couch beside Nancy. 

I LOVE this story for many reasons ... 1) It proved to me that Nancy trusted me, and I have never betrayed that trust with her. 2) I love that it embarrasses her ... but she also knows that it makes my cock hard enough to cut glass. 3) It gave me a clear cut definition of her level of kink and her dedication to anyone that is her lover. I am privileged to be a part of her life, and I know its just a story about her experimenting, but to me it is so much more. 

When we saw the Bachelorette Party on the street, I am certain she knew I would bring it up. 

As we sat there at the table enjoying our drinks I could see the gears turning in her head. Part II of this story will let you know what I asked her and what she said. 

She had been working on the presentation that someone else had started. Someone she had trained, so fortunately there was not a lot of corrections to be made.