 Author's note: The following chapter is a continuation of the INTERNATIONALLY acclaimed erotic literature (and foolishly named) "Nude Day Texas Hold 'Em". That piece of artistry won a MAJOR PRIZE (ok, it was $75 in gift certificates at the Literotica toy store) for the Nude Day writing contest (every time I hear of a 'major prize' I'm reminded of that classic movie "Christmas Story". Remember when the dad was boasting about his major prize? It finally came in a huge wooden box with 'FRAGILE' stamped on it in big, black letters. He puffed up and said "Look, it must be French," and then he pronounced the word "FRA-GEE-LAY". God, that cracks me up every time). I just want to let new readers know that even though it isn't necessary to read chapter one first (but it is a MAJOR PRIZE WINNER, ya know!) it will give them better character background for this story. 

Here is a summary of that story for you lazy bones who don't want to read it: Alexis//Tomboy//Nebraska//Nude Day// Bazillionair's yacht//Texas Hold 'em// Lost the game//Stripped naked//HOT SEX. If that doesn't convince you to read it I don't know what will!

When you last saw our skinny little heroine, Alexis, she was enjoying the fruits of her loss at the poker table. Bryan, the tall, dark and handsome (and sinfully wealthy) owner of the yacht had won the game and got to name a task for Alexis to perform. Apparently the task had something to do with plumbing because Alex cleaned his pipes, but good. Bryan, in turn, reciprocated by munching on Alexis' marble sized nipples and the slipperiest clit this side of the Pecos. Did you think that was the end of it? Nooooooo waaaaaaay. 

CHAPTER TWO: ISLANDS IN THE STREAM

I gazed down at Bryan with lust filled eyes (oh my god, I sound like a romance novelist!). He had rolled me on top of him after we had performed inspired fellatio and cunnilingus on each other (I LOVE those words; they are soooo descriptive and fun). Bryan's semi-hard cock was nestled between my slippery legs, which were wet from my explosive orgasms a few minutes prior. 

I was so relaxed I felt like a puppet dangling from strings. I could still feel little tremors emanating from my nether regions, like aftershocks of a California earthquake. Sometimes I'm way too chatty for the situation (you are probably nodding your heads in agreement) but for once I kept my mouth shut and let my body do my talking. 

By clenching my legs together I was able to securely trap Bryan's prick just south of my hairless, Brazilian-waxed honey trap. My pussy juices and Bryan's saliva made a perfect lotion to coax his fun stick back to life. I was basically doing push-ups allowing my legs to squeeze and release him as I moved up and down. If my maneuver was an Olympic gymnastic event I'd have a gold medal dangling between my teensy, weensy, itty bitty titties for sure.

Bryan was responding as I hoped. He was making these cute little moaning sounds like a puppy getting his tummy scratched. His cock was rock hard again and he was moving his own hips in rhythm to my push-ups. I slid down just enough so the head of his prick was running up and down my wet slit, nudging my engorged clit with every stroke. I'm not going to lie, I could have exploded again right then but I wanted Bryan deep inside me for our finale.

Bryan was arching upward in an attempt to penetrate my tight glory hole and made a move with his hand to guide his missile into my silo (military terms can be sexy too!). I stopped him by pinning his hands to the bed. By changing my position slightly I was able to allow the head of his gorgeous cock to barely slip inside me. I held still for a moment to let my inner body heat stimulate him further. I swear I could feel his prick expand, filling the entrance to my womanly cave. 

I pushed myself up to my knees but paused directly over his rigid dick. It's a good thing I'm athletic and exercise a lot because my legs were getting a major workout. Thank you Mr. Pilate! I was also doing Kegels while I held my position (girlfriends, try these pussy muscle contractions; your guy and your gynecologist will both be happy). Bryan's eyeballs were rolling around like a slot machine; I do believe I had his undivided attention, sports fans.

Bryan was moaning and groaning like he was being tortured so I figured he (and I) deserved some relief. I slooooooowly lowered myself down his hard pole. I was so slippery by now there was no problem with lubrication. When I bottomed out I ground my pussy on his pubic bone. I don't believe I covered this point about Bryan but he was neatly groomed, if you know what I mean. His pubic hair was very short; about the same as his stylish two-day growth of facial beard. I'm telling you that because my hungry little clitty was a happy girl getting stimulated from his prickly patch. 

For the first time since we started this new round of pleasure Bryan spoke. 

"Alex, you are killing me! Please let me move," he managed to croak out. 

I smiled benevolently at him and released his hands that I had pinned to the bed. 

"Ok, sweetie, go for it," I breathed.

His fingers made a beeline for my hardened nipples and he began pulling and twisting them like he was trying to tune in an obscure radio station. An electric shock shook me because my nips were so sensitive. Oh god, what a heavenly feeling. Bryan's hips pushed me up and then he stroked downward to nearly pull out of me. I could feel my pussy juice gushing around his already soaked cock. 

Bryan moved his hands down from my tiny chest to my hips. His strong hands couldn't completely encircle my waist but I felt like I was being held in the grip of one of those circus strongmen. He pushed me down on to his lap again and began stroking in and out in a rhythm that soon had me panting like a dog on a hot day. Since I was on top I did what I could but Bryan had definitely taken charge of our game of hide the salami. 

Since I had given Bryan such an excellent blow job earlier (if I do say so myself!) he apparently was prepared to be a marathon man. Whew, was I getting the ride of my life! My poor little pussy was getting pounded and every up-stroke was hammering my engorged clitty relentlessly.

All of a sudden, Bryan flipped me over on my back and began thrusting into me like a jackhammer. I arched my back and spread my legs wide to let him penetrate me fully. Because of this new position, the head of Bryan's cock was now massaging my g-spot perfectly. I'm not terribly experienced in love making but I've had my share of dancing in the sheets. This man was sending me completely over the edge with his passion and lust. I wrapped my legs around his butt and helped him slam into me. 

I'm a little shy about verbalizing during sex because I always thought it sounded cheesy in porno movies and in print. However, I was now in a very different spot and the words started to pour out me.

"Bryan, please fuck me harder; please harder," I groaned into his ear. 

His response was to increase his speed and as he bottomed out inside me our bodies created that slapping sound that means two people are really getting it on. Bryan's heavy balls were hanging down well away from his body and thumped against my ass with every stroke. My, oh my, I'm not sure I'm going to live through this.

I was using every dirty word I've ever heard to beg for him to keep fucking me. I hoped no one was listening-oops, too late-what about our friends in the next room? I suspect they might be getting their minds blown by hearing sweet Alexis curse like a drunken sailor in a bar fight.

Finally, I couldn't take it any longer. I gripped him with my legs and pulled on his hair with my fingers and literally screamed, "cum inside me baby, please, please, please."

Bryan took the cue and lifted my ass off the bed and truly assaulted my already ravaged pussy. He was sweating with his efforts and had thrown his head back in the last throes of passion. 

I felt a hot gush of cum hit the back walls of my cunt. My insides turned into molten lava as another series of orgasms shook my body. My pussy muscles were contracting around Bryan's hot cock and milking him of any remaining sperm in his body. He too was shaking from his intense orgasm that left him gasping for air. Bryan collapsed on top of me, crushing me into the soft bed. 

"Oh Bryan, oh my god, that was incredible," I choked out. I was licking the sweat from his face like a kitten lapping up cream. I bit his earlobe which caused him to jerk like I had tasered him. What fun!

Bryan looked down at me as his breathing gradually slowed. His eyes focused on me and he smiled at me showing his perfect teeth.

"Alex, I have never, ever, had an experience like that," he whispered to me as he looked at me with wide eyes. 

Now, dear readers, you know I'm perfectly capable of patting myself on my own back but that statement was enough to cause permanent swelling of my brain. Here was this social friend of mine whom I've taken at face value (a handsome face to be sure) since getting to know each other at Murphy's bar, having a lot of laughs and fun with the rest of the gang. He was filthy rich and owned the very yacht that we had just rocked in the calm water. Bryan could have any woman who wagged her tail at him and now he's telling ME that he just had the experience of a lifetime! Someone pinch me, please!

I pulled his head down to mine and nibbled on his lips and darted my tongue into his mouth as a non-verbal answer to his statement. 

"Um, Bryan, did I happen to say anything reallllly crazy while you were turning me inside out?" I asked with trepidation. Those of you who are dating in the real world (especially all my girlfriends out there) probably know where my fears lie. Did I blurt out the "L" word while I was screaming out whatever came into my head a little bit ago? No phrase in the English language will cause a man to run screaming for the exits faster than "I love you".

Bryan cocked his head at me and grinned like the proverbial Cheshire cat. 

"Whatever do you mean, Alex? Although I do recall a few words that might make your mother blush," he replied and then asked innocently, "What do you think you said?"

"Oh nothing, I'm just a little fuzzy on the details," I answered quickly. 

Bryan rolled off of me (well, slid is a better description since we were both slippery with body juices), propped up his head with his arm and looked down at me. His face was shadowed because he was between me and the window. The moonlight was pouring in and bathed my face and body with flattering light. Kids, I'm not above striking poses, as you know from my shameless posturing on deck earlier in the day. So I did what I always do when I'm feeling unsure of myself; I crossed my eyes, stuck my tongue out the side of my mouth and acted like a deranged monkey. 

Bryan laughed hard, grabbed me and started tickling me. Ok, one little factoid about Alexis' delectable bod; I have tickle nerves that are so supercharged that I absolutely go nuts when tickled. My brothers knew it all too well and TORTURED me when we were young. Now Bryan had discovered my weakness and he got full volume of my shrieking. That gave him even more ammunition to keep tickling my thrashing body. I'm sure if the Coast Guard were close by they would have stormed aboard the yacht to find the poor girl who was being murdered. I can't even imagine what Meat, Condor, Art the Fart and Rocky were thinking. 

My torture stopped when I managed to grab Bryan's testicles and twist a little. 

"Truce? Or lose the family jewels, big boy!" I panted as I recovered from the tickling exertion. 

Now poor Bryan had just finished getting a world class cock sucking from the premier fellatrix of the high seas (that be me), been fucked silly by yours truly and yet, damned if my clutching his balls didn't make his flaccid cock twitch a little. I am sooooo evil.

I'm not going to bore you with the details of our third go round because it was veddy, veddy hot and I'm afraid your computer screens will spontaneously combust. Suffice it to say we performed sexual gymnastics as if we were recreating the Kama Sutra. Plus, I have to tell you about some really cool stuff. Is that ok?

After a little sleep and a WONDERFUL hot shower, Bryan was leaning casually against the door jamb watching me tend to my abused bod. I love my short, tomboyish hair because I can just fluff it up with my fingers and look pretty good. I was still naked as a jaybird and knew my backside probably looked good as I leaned over the sink to get closer to the mirror. 

"Alex, what would you think about taking a trip with me down to the Islands next week? There's a fabulous cove at one island where a lot of yachts drop anchor and everyone parties hard. We'd be gone a couple weeks or so" Bryan asked as he eyed my shapely ass jutting out from the sink.

To say that my mouth was hanging open in total astonishment would be an understatement. To call me speechless would be accurate too. 

"Alex? Hellooooo?" Bryan prompted me.

"Well, that is certainly tempting Bryan, but you may have forgotten one little detail about my life; church mice look wealthy compared to me. I have a job that barely pays for minor details like food, rent and an occasional trinket. Besides, I'm not sure I could get off work on such short notice", I responded with a little sarcasm. 

In truth, my position in my company was so lowly that if I walked into the HR office and asked for time off they might respond with "Excuse me, do you work here?" Actually, I have a great boss who constantly tries to peek up my short skirts and LOVES my ass. I knew I could get off but I didn't want to look easy (I know you are rolling your eyes right now-I had just fornicated like a hooker in Vegas and now I don't want to look EASY?!). 

"Ok, here's a proposal; I will pay you to be my First Mate on this trip. You will have to help navigate, cook and clean to earn your keep. So whatever you would lose from work I'll make up for. Plus, you will be valuable asset for me as my bullshit deflector. You can't believe how full of themselves some of these folks are," Bryan responded in a hopeful tone.

My mind was racing at warp speed. On the one hand this was an opportunity to experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous. On the other hand I was a 21 year old tomboy from a very modest background with a skinny little bod that would probably be laughed at by the nip and tuck crowd. What to do, what to do?

I'm guessing that you are saying to yourself, "Is this girl INSANE? Go for it, you dumb-ass!" However, I do have my insecurities regardless of my exterior bravado. My insides were churning as I looked at Bryan in the foggy mirror. My god, that boy was handsome. Does he really want me on this trip or is he just repaying me for a seriously good boffing? 

Before I could respond Bryan added hastily, "If it would make you more comfortable I know Meat would come along. He's got a ton of vacation time coming and besides, he can do a lot of his work remotely. How about it?" 

I sighed with relief. Meat is a great friend too and a totally down to earth guy. This solution would take a little pressure off me to pretend I'm a rich bitch. Plus, I wasn't sure I wanted to be exclusive with Bryan (although I was being pretty damned presumptive about that-ha!). You may remember that Meat got his nickname from having an outstanding piece of equipment that would make male porn stars envious. Not to mention he was a freaking gorgeous man who makes the bimbos at Murphy's drool down the front of their pathetically enhanced chests. (Me, envious? Nah.)

I turned around and gratefully hugged Bryan. My nipples were hardening again with the excitement of this exotic trip. I crushed them against Bryan's chest and declared that I would love to be his First Mate. 

After returning to port (I had to endure a few raised eyebrows and elbow nudges from the Murphy's crew about the strip poker game and the loud obscenities coming from Bryan's stateroom) we all split up happy and sated from a memorable voyage.

The next week was whirlwind of activity. My boss actually slapped me on my ass as he shooed me out the door and wished me the best. He probably thought he could get away the intimacy since he was being so generous with his lowly employee. I love the cute but dirty old man. I'm a little embarrassed to admit this but when I was sitting across from him asking for time off, I crossed and re-crossed my legs like I was nervous. I had on a scandalously short skirt with bright red panties. He had a hard time making eye contact while he listened to my request for unpaid leave - hee hee.

I went Island hopping shopping to add to my scant wardrobe. I couldn't look like a country bumpkin in front of all the rich folks I anticipated partying with. Wow, I needed to get out of the country before the VISA bill showed up.

Departure day came quickly and I showed up carrying about 5 big suitcases. Bryan and Meat were already on the yacht when my taxi pulled up. They both started laughing uproariously at my stack of luggage. 

"Nebraska, this is not an around the world cruise! Did you pack your teddy bears too?" Meat asked incredulously as he schlepped the bags up the gangplank. The 'Nebraska' reference is a nickname my goofball brothers gave me when I was thirteen-I was as flat as the plains of Nebraska back then. Unfortunately, my Murphy's friends found out and also used the name to jab me, primarily because my chest was no bigger today.

"Shut up and do what you do best, which is to use your muscles to wait on me. Remember, I'm the First Mate on this voyage and I can put you in chains and keelhaul you if I want", I responded to him.

Meat quickly said with his eyebrows waggling, "Would you please use the cat-o-nine tails too?"

I was walking behind him so I reached out and pinched his cute butt. 

"Meat, you may not know this but I'm a dominatrix on the side. Those bags may have some toys you'd be interested in," I said in a harsh voice. 

Meat pretended to simper like a gay wedding planner. Besides being a hunk, he was hilarious. This trip was gonna be a RIOT!

Bryan had everything ship shape (get it-ship shape?) so we cast off as soon as I dumped my luggage in my room. Hmm, not in Bryan's stateroom you may note; no pressure, no pressure-that's good Alexis. Keep telling yourself that girl.

I put on one of my new bikinis I bought in preparation for the trip. I decided to be a little more modest than the Brazilian micro floss I wore on the Nude Day trip. This one was a really cute, yellow number that I got on sale at a discount store. I'm not cheap, I'm just pooooooor. 

Anyhoo, I put on my sheer white caftan and wore flip-flops so I would be appropriately dressed for my duties on the WISTFUL, PORT OF MIAMI. (I don't think I mentioned that yachts have names. I guess they are afraid of getting lost and need a name and an address so they can find their way home.)

I walked up to Bryan in his captain's chair, stood ramrod straight, saluted and shouted, "ALEXIS R. NOEL, FIRST MATE, REPORTING FOR DUTY, SIR!"

"At ease, First Mate. Fortunately for you the ship has been completely detailed this week so you won't need to swab the decks just yet. Why don't you do a little exploring to acquaint yourself with the yacht? I think you already know where my stateroom is", he finished slyly with a leer worthy of pedophile as he looked over my little girl body. I swatted his shoulder and told him to behave or I'd report him to the authorities. 

"Alex, honey, sweetie, I AM the authority at sea. I am judge and jury in all things while in International waters. Now give the Captain a big kiss!" he stated forcefully.

Okaaaaay, I can play this game. I leaned over his big chair which is elevated so he can see over the bow of the yacht. I stuck my tongue in his ear and placed my hand on his crotch. Now boys, tell me the truth, you really love it when a girl does that, right? Get that ear nice and wet and then breathe heavily like you are on the verge of an orgasm? Well, Bryan's reaction was immediate; his flagpole rose so fast I thought it was going burst through his cargo shorts. Busted, Cap-pee-tan! 
