 I would have done just about anything for Olivia. I did owe it to her, after all. She helped turn my life around and get me into a much better place. This one favor didn't seem different from any others... at first.

I should back track a little. My name's Aurora. I grew up in an upper-middle class suburban neighborhood in Virginia. I went to private Catholic school through high school. My entire family, extended relations included, had been devout Catholics for as long as could be recalled.

I began as the stereotypical perfect kid-the one you just love to hate because they can't seem to do anything wrong. I was a great child for my parents, always doing what I was told, never getting into trouble. I was consistently at the top of my class, a straight A student. I participated in community life too, becoming the leader of the cheer squad and the Bible study group at my school, as well as being volunteer of the month 7 times in a row at the local homeless shelter.

I also had a beautiful face, radiant smile, and long red hair that garnered me a lot of attention from boys. My big boobs developed early and were accentuated by my slim figure and firm ass, which probably made the boys drool even more. Not to brag, but I was the prettiest girl my age in my town. I knew it, too, although I didn't care that much. 

Things all changed for me when I was 16. One day in early spring, my dad and I were planning on going to a local fair. An unexpected heavy rainstorm shut down the fair for the day, so we returned home early.

When I walked into our house with my dad, I was met with the sight of my mom on the dining room table, being fucked by our priest. 

Being a true Catholic couple, divorce was never an option, so my parents reconciled. They still go to the same church every Sunday too, with the same priest. I have no clue how my dad can ever look at the fucker without punching him. But he has for the past 5 years.

My life, on the other hand, was completely flipped upside down. I slowly started pushing back against my parents. I no longer respected them, my mom for being a liar and a cheater, and my dad for being a pussy. 

I slipped out late at nights, drinking, smoking pot, and hanging out with people who my dad would have called "hooligans." My grades fell off a cliff. I got kicked off the cheer team and politely removed from the study group. I became a rebel as a "fuck you" to my parents, although it ended up hurting me more. Cliche, I know.

I just couldn't put up with my parents anymore, and it got to the point that they couldn't put up with me anymore either. At 18, I dropped out of high school a few months before graduation, and moved to California with dreams to become an actress.

Needless to say, my endeavors were not extremely successful. I was broke in two months. My most common source of income became bussing tables and more than once I had to slip cash from out of the register to make ends meet. But I pulled myself up by my bootstraps though, in large part due to my friend Olivia.

She worked as a waitress at the same restaurant that I did. After work one day, she saw me crying in the break room because I had just been served my eviction notice. I laid bare my soul to her, and she was there like my rock. By the next day, she had already gotten me a place to live rooming with a friend of hers.

Olivia was attending a local community college to get her art degree. I had taken on a negative attitude towards any sort of organizational power, but she convinced me to sign up, and I started taking classes with her. 

I was able to quit bussing, and started focusing on academics. Ultimately, I hoped to get a degree in business and start my own beauty salon. 

Suffice it to say that Olivia was extremely influential for me, and I would have done nearly anything to repay her for how much she helped me. 

It happened in the first week of July, a few weeks after my 21st birthday. 

School had been out for a month or so at this point. I was between jobs: the salon I had been interning at had moved. Luckily, I had qualified for a free summer housing program, so I didn't have to worry about money. I wasn't really doing anything but enjoying my free time. I had been really busy near the end of the semester, so I was relishing the months of laziness that lay ahead of me. 

I had just woken up from a long night's sleep when my phone buzzed.

I checked the caller ID, and saw it was Olivia.

"Hey, girlfriend, how are you?" she asked me as I put the phone to my ear.

"Good. Just got out of bed. Haven't heard from you in a few days. What's up?" I groggily asked.

"Tssk, tssk, Ari," as she so affectionately nicknamed me, "it's almost 1 in the afternoon. You need to wake up earlier."

"Oh, fuck off. Not all of us have actual real-world responsibilities and shit."

Olivia wasn't currently worrying about a job either. Her parents recently did very well on the stock market, so with a roommate, rent was very manageable even without a source of income. She was, however, always doing artsy things, like running for charity or going on nature walks or doing yoga on surfboards.

She had recently volunteered to host a friend of a friend from Yugoslavia who was seeing America for the first time. Olivia and I hadn't talked in over a week; I guess being a full-time tour guide is a difficult job.

"Haha, fuck you too." she playfully responded.

"So has your visitor gone? I forget his name."

"Vladislav. And yes, he's gone. Shame you didn't get to meet him. Something tells me you would have liked him."

"Oh, yeah? Does he like sitting around a cramped dorm room playing video games and eating potato chips? Because that's exactly the type of person I'd like to meet right now."

"It never came up, so I can't say. But I meant for other, more... superficial reasons."

"Oh?" I inquisitively asked. "On a scale of 1-10?"

"Definitely a 10."

"Well, fuck, then I'm mad I couldn't meet him."

"I'm certainly glad that I was able to," Olivia said, with a bit of a sultry tone in her voice.

"Oh my god, did you fuck him?" I curiously asked.

"Well... I might have," she sheepishly responded.

"OMG, good for you girl! How was it?"

"God, he was fucking insane! I came so many times, you have no idea."

"Well, fuck! Why didn't you introduce me to him?"

"Um, how the fuck is this my fault?" she asked, with an air of incredulity. "You could have easily gotten your lazy ass out of your room and hung out with me."

"Yeah, well, you could have called and told me how good he was before he left. My laziness is not to blame."

"Go fuck yourself! Speaking of your laziness by the way, would you mind getting up off your fat ass and doing something for me?"

"No fucking way, I'm not scrubbing graffiti or picking up trash in a forest or anything."

"This job would be much easier," Olivia said.

"It's still a definite no."

"Come on, Ari, you haven't even heard what the favor is."

"I don't need to! It's a no!" I shot back.

Olivia paused for a moment before responding. 

"You know, I seem to recall you telling me a while back that you would do any favor that I asked of you. In return for, you know, helping you get your shit together."

I sighed, knowing that she was correct.

"Alright," I conceded. "What is it?"

"Well, you know my summer art class?"

"I vaguely recall you mentioning it, but no, I don't remember the specifics," I honestly replied.

"Ugh, well, it's 10 of us who get together as a group once a month and paint together. It's pretty self-explanatory."

"Okay, so what does this have to do with me?" I asked.

"Well, for this month, we will be painting a human subject. And we don't have anybody yet to be the model for us. So consider this a formal request for you to be the model for my art class," she explained.

I had long since abandoned my pipe dream of becoming an actress, but Olivia's offer of being a muse piqued my interest, even if it would only be for a small art group.

"Ooh. That actually sounds quite fun. Consider your request accepted."

"That's great news!" Olivia excitedly answered. "Well, there's one other thing though, Ari. When you model..." her voice faltered.

"Olivia, what's up?" I asked.

"Well, you're going to be modeling nude. Is that okay?"

"Oh," was all I managed to say, slightly surprised by the new information.

"Come on, Ari, please. Do it for me."

I was a bit conflicted. I did owe Olivia and it sounded like a fun opportunity, but I wasn't exactly an exhibitionist.

"Um, well... You said there are going to be 10 other people there?"

"Maybe a little less. It's a small group. And you'll get the chance to meet everybody so you can feel more comfortable," she explained.

"And you really want me to do it?" I asked.

"Yes, Ari, please. We really need someone to model for us," she pleaded.

"Well, I guess so. I mean, you'll be there so I guess I'll be pretty comfortable. And it will be very tasteful, right?" I clarified.

"Of course. It's an art class," she responded, sounding slightly upset I would think it wouldn't be classy. 

"Well, I guess you've got yourself a model then."

"Yes!" she said into the phone in a high-pitched squeal. "Okay, so I'll text you the address. I'll need you to be there by noon tomorrow. And we'll do a bit of a meet and greet beforehand so you can get introduced everyone, so you will want to bring some decent clothes."

"Alright, I gotcha."

"Okay. Thanks so much for doing this and being cool about it, Ari," she said.

"No problem, Olivia. Glad to do you a favor."

She hung up the phone. 

I set my phone down and lied back down onto my bed. I thought about what exactly I would have to do, and how I would feel being exposed in front of a group of people I didn't know. 

Two beers later, and my mind was off the topic. I distracted myself the rest of the day with video games and watching tv.

********

I rang the doorbell of the house Olivia had told me was the location. 

After briefly waiting, a familiar face opened the door.

"Hey!" Olivia said. She leaned forward, bringing me into a light hug. "Thanks so much again for doing this."

"My pleasure," I responded. 

"Alright, come on in. Everyone else is waiting to meet you," she told me before escorting me inside.

I followed Olivia throughout the big house until we reached a large room off of the kitchen. It had huge glass windows adorning the three walls, allowing for plenty of natural light to come in. It was clearly supposed to be a morning room, but instead a number of easels were set up, taking up much of the space. On one side of the room was a large white armchair with a very tall back. I assumed this is where I would be placed. 

Standing around the room were 8 people, 5 men and 3 women, the other members of Olivia's art group. 

"Alright, everyone this is Aurora, who you can call Ari. She so kindly volunteered to be our muse today," Olivia spoke to the rest of the group. She turned to me and addressed me, "Lisa, Michelle, Tonya, and Joanne can't be here today, so this isn't quite everyone but still, I would like to introduce you to the rest of my art group."

Olivia walked me up to the closest person, and introduced me to him.

"Ari, this is Dean. Normally his wonderful wife Lisa is also here, but she's running errands with their young rascals, so she couldn't make it."

"Hi, Ari. It's lovely to meet you," he said.

I quickly looked him up and down. He was in his early-30s, fair-skinned, with blonde hair and blue eyes. He was built very tall and lean, and looked quite Scandinavian. 

"Very nice to meet you," I cordially replied. 

We moved along to another man.

"Hi, I'm Keith. Thank you for doing us a favor today. I'm really glad you could come," he said.

Keith looked to be younger, in his late-20s. He had light brown hair, and a beautiful smile. He was tall and broad, built like an athlete. I was instantly attracted to him.

"Well, I was quite happy to come and pose for you," I seductively responded.

Olivia yanked me along to a woman.

"Ari, this is Victoria. She's Keith's wife."

I felt like an ass for flirting with him, but was lucky his wife either didn't pick up on it or didn't notice.

"Hi, Ari, it's very nice to meet you."

Victoria was also in her late-20s. She had chestnut hair, cut in a chin-length bob. Her face was quite cute, but not overly beautiful. She didn't wear any makeup, and seemed like the type of girl who didn't know that she was pretty. This was reflected in the sweater that came almost up to her neckline and showed off no skin at all. 

"Lovely meeting you as well, Victoria," I echoed back.

We moved along to a couple.

"I would like you to meet Steve and his wife Margot," Olivia said.

"Nice meeting you," they both said.

Steve looked to be in his mid-30s. He had perfectly cut hair, beautiful clothes, and a very suave appearance. I knew immediately he had serious money.

"Steve and Margot are the owners of this beautiful home, and very kindly let us use it," Olivia chimed in, confirming my suspicions. 

I moved my attention to Margot. My guess was that she was in her late-30s, but she looked much younger. It was clear that she had some work done to her, a benefit of all the money. She looked like a pretty stereotypical barbie doll, with long blonde hair, big red lips, surgically-perfected facial features, and huge boobs that were way too big for her petite figure. Margot clearly wanted to call attention to them; she was wearing a very low-cut shirt. 

"You have a beautiful home," I complimented them.

Another man came up to us, and introduced himself. 

"Hello, Aurora. My name's Chase. It is absolutely wonderful to meet you," he said with a heavy dose of flirtation.

Chase was pretty clearly the youngest of the group; I placed him at about 24. He had a hipster haircut, the type that's long on the top and short on the sides, and was very tan. His tight t-shirt displayed how ripped he was, and his natural charisma almost made me melt into his arms.

"Likewise, Chase," I responded, adding a small wink.

Olivia steered me to the last two people.

"These are Jason and his other half, Anne."

"I like to say my better half," Jason joked, before shaking my hand.

I laughed lightly at the joke I had heard a hundred times before.

"Oh, stop," Anne said, feigning annoyance.

Jason and Anne looked like the oldest of the bunch, perhaps in their early-40s. His hair was already starting to thin out, and I could detect small wrinkles on her face. Both had mouse brown hair, and were rather plain in appearance. Certainly not unattractive, but neither clearly put too much work into their appearance, so they weren't doing themselves any favors.

"Typically their daughter Michelle is here, but she got an internship for the summer down in Arizona," Olivia informed me.

"A pleasure to meet you," I said, repeating myself from all the other times I had said it. 

"As I said, we're missing a few, so maybe you can meet Tonya and Joanne at another time if you ever model again," Olivia told me. 

"Okay, everyone," Olivia stated, her voice now raised. "We're going to start in a few minutes, so you can continue to mingle, but just make sure that everything is set up for you before we begin."

Margot, the barbie doll, immediately came up to me.

"I'm sure you've heard this already, but thank you so much for doing this. We all appreciate it a lot."

"Happy to do it," I responded.

Margot walked a little bit closer to me.

"I couldn't help but notice your hair. It's quite... striking. I mean that in a good way," she told me.

I got that a lot. When I went through my super rebellious phase, I dyed it jet black and have kept it like that. In addition, I added bright green, blue, and pink highlights streaked throughout to give it even more pop. 

"Well, thank you," I responded.

"Is black your natural color?" she asked.

"No, my hair was originally a sort of red. I changed it a few years ago."

"Oh, cool! It's got a very kind of funky feel to it," Margot said. "Any particular reason for the change? A punk phase or anything?"

"Haha, yeah actually. Right before I dropped out of high school. I ended up with a few piercings out of it as well, but I eventually got to a better point in my life, thanks in large part to Olivia," I responded.

"Well, we all love Olivia here, and I'm really glad you were able to find a friend as good and supportive as her. Not everybody's that lucky," she said. "Now I know it's hard to believe from where I am now, but I actually went through a very bad period of my life as well when I was younger, and I get to remind myself of it every day."

Margot pulled up the bottom of her flimsy t-shirt, exposing a tattoo on her ribcage consisting of three lines of text in French.

I happened to be taking French as one of my electives, so I was able to pretty easily translate what it said. 

"'Don't judge a book by its cover or a bull by the size of its horns.' A valuable lesson."

"Yes, well, I do find there's always more to people if you take the time to get to know them. Anyway, I had better make sure that all of my supplies are set up. It was lovely talking to you, Aurora."

"And you as well, Margot."

She walked away and over to her easel.

I was pleasantly surprised to find that I rather liked her. I had assumed she was just another bimbo who hooked up with a rich man, but she actually seemed like a nice person.

I was drawn out of my thoughts when Chase walked up to me. 

"Well, hello there," I said with a smile.

"Hello, Aurora. So how was Olivia able to draw you into doing this favor for us?"

"Well, we met each other at a restaurant we both worked at, and quickly became good friends. She helped me get into community college, so I was forever indebted to her and very glad to help her out with a small thing."

"Cool. Olivia is sort of the glue that holds us all together, so it's no surprise that she was able to find someone."

"Might I ask how you met Olivia?" I asked.

"You might. I am an avid off-road biker, so I was biking through a forest one day, and came upon Olivia and a large group of activists saving the plants or something like that. We got to talking, and found that we shared a common interest in art."

"Wow! I think it's super cool that you bike off-road. I've always wanted to try it," I responded.

"Well, maybe we can meet up for drinks later on and discuss the possibility further. I'd love to get to know you more," Chase charmingly responded.

"That sounds great!" I said, maybe a little too excitedly, but we swapped phone numbers. He headed back to his easel, and I ran right over to Olivia.

"Hey, there you are," she said. "I was just about to grab you."

"Okay, but I need to tell you something," I hurriedly said.

"Well, you can tell me it while I'm getting you ready. Come on, follow me."

Olivia briskly walked out of the crowded room. I ran to catch up with her.

She ventured through the house until she reached a big bathroom. I entered after her, and she closed and locked the door.

"Okay, what did you want to tell me?"

"Chase totally asked me out! We swapped phone numbers!" I giddily answered.

"Oh, that's good," Olivia responded, much less enthusiastically than I anticipated.

"What's wrong? The dude's a total hunk!"

"No, it's not that I'm not glad for you or anything. Chase has just hit on probably every girl in California, so I'm not exactly surprised that he immediately went to work on a girl as pretty as you."

"Oh, well, thank you, and that's good to know. Still pretty great though, right?"

"Absolutely. Okay, we don't have much time before we need to start, so please get out of your clothes," Olivia directed me, as she grabbed a bathrobe that had been folded up on the counter.
