 Will Luke & Lisa's parents swing with Nick & Nell's parents?

 I wrote "Nude Surprise" for the 2016 April Fools contest. For me, it was a one off, stand alone story. Readers asked for additional chapters and made suggestions. I was happy to oblige. In Chapter 2, I answered the question, can Luke & Lisa get their parents to try nudism. In Chapter 3, I will get the Wolfe and Longstreet families together. Will the parents swing? 

 If you want more, leave me a comment and tell me what should happen next. The rest of the series will be reader directed. 





^^^

 "Morning!" Lisa called out brightly. 

 She was the last one down for breakfast. The rest of the family was eating at the table. She gave her lover from last night an extravagant kiss on the cheek. Everyone, including her brother the recipient of the lavish kiss, looked at her strangely. 

 Luke was caught by surprise and thought, "Lisa, don't give us away".

 She noticed the odd looks and thought, "Ah oh. That was more than a sisterly smooch". She instantly regretted the impulsive act even though it accurately expressed her gratitude for last night's wonderful orgasm. To compensate for her unfortunate public display of affection, she delivered similar big kisses to her mother and father and then she spun a tale. 

 "Yesterday's outing at the beach was the best family event we've had in years. My kisses this morning are my way of saying thank you to all of you. We should do things like that more often."

 The others agreed. Her father said, "After being naked most of yesterday, it's really hard to wear this suit."

 "I too am bothered by clothing. I slept nude last night and had to force myself to put something on this morning. Clothing seems unnecessary and confining. Since we're all nudists," Lisa said, "can we make our home a sanctuary, a safe place for us to be naked whenever we feel like it?"

 "I think that'd be great," Luke said.

 "We could give it a try," Sarah said supporting the idea.

 Sam nodded. "Why not? I'm off to work. You all have a good day. When I get back, I'll be losing my tie and maybe everything else." He kissed his wife and left.

 Luke announced, "I've got to go too. Lacrosse practice. Bye."

 The women sat at the table. Lisa had breakfast and her mother drank coffee. Sarah said causally, "Yesterday really was fun."

 "Yes. Dad seemed to enjoy living out his teenage fantasy. I heard some joyful noises last night coming from your end of the hall," Lisa teased. "Were you the beneficiary of his good mood?"

 Sarah blushed. She was embarrassed by her daughter's veiled reference that she and her husband had had sex. Then she wondered, "Why am I ashamed?". 

 Lisa saw the look of distress on her mother's face and apologized, "I'm sorry, Mom. I'm treating you like one of my girlfriends. You're glowing and happy. We call that "the got fucked good" look. I apologize. I crossed the line."

 Sarah thought about it and said, "No. It's okay. Our relationship should evolved. You're no longer a little girl. You're in college. Soon you'll be out on your own.

 "I should treat you like the adult you are. I think we can agree that we are both grown women and act accordingly. Good friends is appropriate," Sarah said and added. "I'm so happy you've grown into a strong, smart, beautiful, young woman."

 Sarah paused and smiled lovingly at her daughter. Then she said, "Yes I had sex last night. I'm sorry if the sounds disturbed you. We were both wound up from being naked all day and surrounded by hundreds of naked people."

 Lisa smiled. She was pleased that her mother had acknowledged that she was no longer a child. She said, "I was teasing. There was no noise. When Dad made his announcement last night, we all knew he was going to bang you. I'm glad you two are still close, still in love and still doing it.

 "And I know what you mean about the nude beach. It was fun, but also titillating." 

 "Does that mean you got out the toy you keep in your drawer? You are glowing and happy this morning. Some might say you seem sated," her mother said testing their new intimacy. She was alluding to her daughter's pink vibrator.

 It was Lisa's turn to blush. "You know about that?"

 "I still do the laundry. I came across it putting your underwear away. It's kind of big."

 "My girlfriends bought me that vibrator as a gag birthday present when I turned eighteen. It has proven useful at times."

 "We need to get you a boyfriend," her mother said and gave her a knowing wink.

 ^^^

 In the days that followed, the Wolfe's house became the nudist sanctuary they'd agreed upon. Causal nudity became a common practice at meals, while hanging out or when watching television. 

 Sam sent Luke to the lumberyard to pick up some fencing. They put it up and their deck became a private space that allowed the family to be outside naked without exposing themselves to their neighbors.

 ^^^

 Wednesday night the family went to choir practice. Sarah and Lisa loved to sing and enjoyed being in the choir. Sam was also a member. His wide shoulders looked good in a choir robe and he helped fill out the back row. He kept his singing to a minimum. He did it for his wife. She let him play golf, hunt and fish. This was one activity that they could do together and besides, he got free doughnuts every Sunday.

 Iris Thomas was the choir master. This was the first time they'd seen her after they had SEEN her. Sam and Sarah were nervous. Iris was calm and her usual ebullient self. 

 "Hello Sam, Sarah, Lisa," Mrs Thomas said graciously. She showed no signs of being embarrassed that the last time they were together everyone was naked. 

 "Hi Iris." Sarah spoke for all of them.

 "You all look well," Iris said pleasantly. "No one got sunburned, I hope."

 Their jaws dropped. None of them could believe she was bringing up a reference to the beach trip, the nude beach trip.



"Ah, no thank goodness," Sarah said with a nervous laugh.

 "Maybe we will see you there again," Iris said smiling. "You know, we get together with fellow sun worshipers from time to time. We belong to a local club. One of our members, the Longstreet's, is throwing a family barbecue this Saturday."

 Lisa interjected, "I know them. I'm taking a summer course with their daughter Nell."

 "Lovely girl," Iris said with a sincere smile. "Perhaps you'd like to join us?"

 "Sounds lovely," Sarah said. Immediately, she wondered why she had said that.

 "I'll send you the details," Iris said. Then she turned to the others in the room and said in a loud voice, "Places everyone." 

 Choir practice began.

 ^^^

 On the drive home Sarah lamented, "I don't know why I agreed to a nude barbecue with our pastor and his wife."

 "It could be fun," Lisa said. "Luke is good friends with the hosts' son and I've met the parents. They're nice."

 Sam was a newly minted nudist, but his years of being a concerned father forced him to ask, "Were you naked? Were they naked when you met them?"

 Lisa sensed his distress and attempted to re-assure him. "Yes, as a matter of fact, we were all naked. It was awkward at first. Nell's dad was the first man to see me naked and the first naked man I saw, but I soon got over it. He and his wife were very kind and put me at ease. 

 "You'd like them. The whole family is very nice. And Dad," she added teasing him, "when was the last time you passed up a free meal?"

 "Will I never lived that story down?" Sam protested. "The pet store was giving away free hot dogs so what's the big deal if I stopped in and had one."

 "You dragged us all along. We were almost late for a baby christening and I think you ate three hot dogs," his pretty wife said with a laugh.

 "And we don't have a pet," his daughter teased and joined in the laughter.

 ^^^

 Friday night Brigid and Luke got together. They went out to dinner and then to his house. They met his mother on her way out the door.

 "Hey Mom. This is Brigid. Is it okay if we hang out and watch a movie?"

 "Hello, Mrs. Wolfe," Brigid said politely. She extended her hand.

 Sarah shook the pretty red-head's hand and said, "Nice to meet you. Sure come on in. You'll have the house to yourself for a while. Your sister is out. Dad is working late and I'm off on a quick shopping trip. I have to cash in some coupons before they expire."

 Sarah drove off and the kids went inside. Luke got them a beer and they settled in the family room. 

 Brigid said, "So your whole family has joined the nudist lifestyle. Cool."

 "Yes. Have you been to Gunnison Beach? We had a great time there."

 "Yes. Many times with my sister and friends. It's an awesome place: the sun, the sand and a view of Manhattan." 

 "My family is getting into naturalism. We have declared our house a nudist sanctuary. We are nude at home all the time."

 "That's so great. Does that mean I can take off these annoying clothes?"

 "Ah. I guess. Sure. Why not?" Luke reasoned his way through his answer.

 The two stripped and sat together watching a movie they streamed.

 Sam was wound up from dealing with unpleasant issues at work. He entered the house and headed straight to the bar in the family room to get a well earned drink. 

 "Hey, Dad," Luke said when he saw his father. He stood up and introduced his girlfriend.

 "Dad, this is Brigid. She and I are watching a movie. I hope it's okay we're naked. Brigid is a nudist. I explained we declared our house a clothing option zone."

 Brigid stood and smiled, nude and unembarrassed. Her low slung tits wobbled as she moved and gave him a welcoming wave. "Hello, Mr. Wolfe. I hope you don't mind. I'm naked whenever possible."

 The sight before him stopped him in his tracks. He stared at the redhead, the obviously natural redhead. His eyes scanned her whole body and concluded her pubic hair was exactly the same shade of red as the hair on her head.

 He stuttered, "Ah . . . Em . . ." He couldn't take his eyes off her youthful beauty. 

 "I . . . I was going to get myself a drink? Do you want one?" he stammered.

 "Thanks, Dad. We have beer," his son answered.

 Sam forced himself to look away. "Don't stare at her," he chastised himself. He poured a drink and downed it immediately. He poured himself a second one and turned towards the kids.

 "God! I needed that." He sipped his drink and said, "Tough day at work." He loosened his tie.

 Brigid smiled and said, "You sound just like my dad."

 She walked towards him. "Let's get you out of that jacket." She helped him slip it off. Sam was surprised by her actions, but went along.

 She grabbed his tie. "This comes off too. Now sit."

 Sam plopped down into his easy chair. The young woman knelt. She proceeded to remove his shoes and socks. Then she sat cross-legged in front of him and grabbed a foot.

 "After a hard day's work, my Dad's swears there is nothing better than a good foot massage. He says I give the best ones."

 Sam was silent. He stared down at the pretty girl who was happily sitting naked and giving him a foot massage. His gaze went from her bright eyes to her plump breasts and then to the soft pink flesh that was fully exposed as she sat with her knees apart and her ankles crossed.

 He was embarrassed. He pulled his foot back and said, "Ah. You don't have to do that."

 She leaned forward to keep his foot. Suddenly his foot was pressed against her boobs. "God! They're soft," he said to himself.

 Luke chuckled and said, "Dad, you might as well sit back and enjoy it. When Brigid makes up her mind there's no changing it."

 "Please Mr. Wolfe. Let me. I do it for my father all the time. You'll feel like a new man in no time."

 "Well, if you insist," Sam said and relaxed as he looked into her green eyes. He took a sip of his drink, settled in his chair and felt a rock hard erection forming in his pants. 

 "Goodness gracious!" he exclaimed. "You're amazing, Brigid. This foot massage is incredible."

 She giggled pleased by his comment. After ten minutes of heavenly bliss, all of Sam's cares and tension were gone. So was his bourbon. 

 "Thanks so much, Brigid. That was exactly what this old dog needed. I don't know how I can repay you."

 She stood and said, "Pour me a glass of that bourbon and join us. Aren't you curious to see if the boy and girl get back together and save the world from aliens?"

 Sam looked to his son. "I don't want to intrude."

 "It's okay Dad. Really."

 He stood and said, "All right. How about bourbon for everyone?"

 The young ones nodded. Sam poured each a glass and took it to them. Brigid had joined Luke on the sofa. Sam got his glass and headed to his chair. 

 Brigid said, "Mr. Wolfe, free feel to be naked with us. I know how constraining it is to be covered."

 He looked to his son for approval. Luke was enjoying the relaxed feeling and freedom of being naked. He wanted his dad to experience the same. He said, "Yes. Join us. Be comfortable in your own home. I'll go get you a towel to sit on."

 "Why not?" he said. The liquor, his son's encouragement and his post-massage relaxed state made it an easy decision. 

 Luke headed out of the room and Sam began to take off his clothes. He started to turn away from Brigid and then he stopped. He thought, "She has had no hesitation showing me her body. Fuck it! I'm stripping facing her".

 Sam looked Brigid dead in the eyes as he removed his clothes. He felt powerful and was sexually aroused. He didn't hide his erection from her. She coolly watched him. She didn't flinch when his engorged penis was exposed. She gave him a small smile as if to say "Well done".

 "Whoa, big guy," Luke said as he returned and saw his father's erection. He tossed him the towel and said, "Please cover up."

 Then he looked to his date wondering if she was put off by it. Brigid said calmly, "Don't worry, Luke. I'm not upset. I've seen hundreds of penises in all colors, sizes and states of arousal. I understand an erection is a common, natural reaction for men often beyond their control."

 Sam was suddenly nervous. He lost his confidence. "I apologize. It just happened. I'm embarrassed. I'll leave."

 "Please don't on my account," Brigid said kindly. "I understand you are new to nudism. Listen, this is going to happen. Believe me women will be understanding as long as you are courteous. Sit. Cover it and we will talk no more about it."

 Sam took a step to leave. He glanced at Brigid and saw that she really wasn't upset. He sat down and flipped a portion of the towel over his lap covering his hard-on. 

 Luke re-started the movie. They watched, chatted and drank. Everyone had a good time. Sam's erection went away.

 "Hey! My glass is empty," Brigid announced playfully. "Anyone else need a re-fill?"

 The guys agreed. Brigid bounded up and grabbed the bottle. She went to Sam. He held out his glass. After she poured it, she looked to his crotch and saw his erection was gone. She pulled the cloth off his junk. 

 "No need for this," she said. She checked out his flaccid penis and said, "It's beautiful. The naked body is beautiful. It shouldn't be hidden."

 Then she skipped over to Luke and re-filled his glass. Her glass was on the coffee table. She bent over fully at the waist until her torso was parallel to the ground. Her ass was facing Sam as she re-filled her tumbler. Luke admired the way her tits looked as they stretched towards the ground. They looked so big and full. Sam got a perfect view of her ass and shaved cunt as she bent over and poured. 

 She knew she had an audience and held the pose longer than it took to re-fill her glass. She shifting her weight from one leg to the other. Luke enjoyed the way this made her breasts swayed to and fro. Sam liked the way one ass cheek flexed and the other relaxed, her pink gash parted and her asshole seemed to wink at him.

 Suddenly she popped up and she turned to the men. With wide-eyes and a big smile, she said, 

 "I'm a little devil, aren't I. A horrible tease. Sometimes the urge to be an exhibitionist hits me and I can't stop myself from showing off. It happens when I drink good whiskey. There. I got it out of my system."

 Luke grabbed her and pulled her to his lap. "You bad girl, I ought to paddle your behind."

 She giggled and said, "But you can't. You can't put me across your lap to spank me because you have a big, old boner."

 She grabbed his hard cock and he tickled her. Sam just laughed and pulled the end of the towel over his growing erection. He enjoyed seeing the youngsters wrestle. 

 A bit later, Sarah called out as she entered the house. "Hello family."

 Sam went to her and said, "Honey, we have company." 

 "Then why are you naked?"

 Just then, Luke and Brigid appeared. Sarah gasped upon seeing the naked couple. "Oh my!"

 "Hello again Mrs. Wolfe," Brigid said with an innocent smile.

 Sarah was shocked to discover her son and her husband nude with a beautiful girl who was also naked. Her confusion and distress was evident.

 Sam said quickly, "Ah. It's not what you think. We were watching a movie." 

 "Sam, why are you naked? Why is everyone naked?" Sarah asked exasperated. "Is this girl even of age?"

 The guys suddenly felt awkward and embarrassed. Brigid said calmly, "Mrs. Wolfe, I'm over eighteen. I'm a naturalist. When Luke told me your family had embraced nudism, I asked them if they minded if I undressed. Not only did they allow me to be in my preferred state, but they were kind enough to join me."

 "I bet you didn't have to asked twice," Sarah said under her breath. No one caught her words.

 "Sorry, I didn't hear that," Sam said.

 "I said I'm glad my men are such gracious hosts."

 "I'm sorry to have upset you," Brigid said sincerely. "I'll get dress and go."

 "No. Wait. I'm the one who should apologize. Brigid, this nudist business is all so new for my family. I'm sorry for getting upset. I can see you're a good person and that nothing inappropriate is going on here. Let me take a deep breath and calm down." 

 Sarah inhaled and exhaled deeply. She walked up to her nervous husband and gave him a kiss. She stole the glass out of his hand and took a deep drink. She asked him, "Got any more hooch?"

 She turned to her son and his friend and asked, "Anyone mind if I get undressed? My bra is killing me. The straps are digging into my shoulders and the underwire has come free and it's stabbing me."

 "Bras are the worst. I hate 'em," Brigid said with conviction. "They're like the devil."

 Soon Sarah was comfortably naked with a glass of bourbon sitting on the sofa beside Brigid. The two acted like they were best friends as they discussed the horrors associated with bras.

 At the end of the evening as Luke was about to walk Brigid to her car, Brigid said, "It was nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Wolfe. I had a great time."

 "Me too," Sarah said smiling. "We have to get together again soon."

 "The local nudist club is having a barbecue at the Longstreet's this Saturday . . ."

 "Will you be there?" Sarah asked interrupting the young woman. "We've been invited."

 "Maybe. If your son asks me." She shyly looked at the ground and twisted her body slowly. Waiting.

 All eyes turned towards Luke. 

 "What's wrong with you?" his father asked. 

 His mother said, "Honestly, I thought my boy was smart. Only an idiot would pass up a chance to be with this great, beautiful girl."

 "Please guys! Geeze! I haven't had a chance. We were barely alone tonight."

 His protestations had no impact on his parents. They continued to stare at him like he was an imbecile. He could see they weren't going to relent. 

 "Brigid, would you do me the honor of attending Saturday's barbecue with me?"

 "I'd love to. I'll meet you there."
