 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a continuation from Nude Weekend - Friday Night and although it is part two of a four part set, it can be read in isolation. Enjoy and please leave a comment, good or bad.

*****

Voices.

In that detached state between sleep and awake, Sharon could hear the muffled tones of people talking. She had no idea what time it was and for a slight moment she was unsure even where she was. A faint glow of light illuminated the torso of Marcus who snuffled and shifted himself on the mattress next to her. 

Her mouth was bone dry and she could feel the urge to pee pressing down on her. She carefully spun herself off the bed and let her feet settle onto the floor. A slight chill was in the air as she took a wobbly step out into the corridor. 

The voices were coming from the front room where everyone disrobes, but her sudden vertical repositioning had caused an increasing in the desire to urinate. The empty lounge room was now lit with candles that were scattered around on the tables and dressers that lined the room. After a hurried bladder evacuation and a quick blast on the bidet, Sharon re-hydrated with a quick glass of icy water. The chill sent her nipples rising towards the clock that now read 2:27.

She heard a floorboard creak on the upstairs landing and a sudden rise in the volume of the chatter in the front room. Despite being tired, curiosity got the better of her and she headed back down the hall, past her sleeping beau, and into the front room. Four of the men plus Zoe were in a state of semi-nakedness as they fumbled about looking for their clothes.

"Going home?" Sharon said as she leant up against the door jamb.

Startled, Zoe turned on her toes and instinctively held up a dress to cover herself.

"Shit," she laughed, "Where did you come from?"

"Just getting a drink," Sharon held up the icy water. "Looks like you had a nice evening out there. The candles are a nice touch."

"It was," Zoe said, "Pity you missed it."

Sharon glanced down at the well fucked cocks of the men getting dressed.

"It's not the last time I'll be here," she said before reaching out and stroking one of them. "Next time I'll make sure I save myself for you guys."

"Sounds good,' one of them said as he held his cock out. "How about a quick kiss to seal the deal?" 

Zoe interrupted with a loud sigh, "We really need to go, guys." 

"Just a kiss?" Sharon asked with a twinkle in her eye. 

"Well," one of them said as Zoe hurriedly threw a shirt at him, "It looks like it."

Sharon dropped to her knees and held his cock gently in her hand. 

"Good night," she said before kissing it gently on the knob. "Sleep tight."

She followed up her promis and kissed the other three before they were zipped up and out of sight. Suddenly she felt kind of weird being the only naked person amongst the clothed.

"I'll catch you all here next time or at the club," she said.

"You sure will,' one of the men said, "Apparently you're interested in being gang fucked. Is that right?" 

Sharon suddenly felt incredibly horny. She rubbed her pussy at the idea of being gangbanged and the knowledge that these guys knew it excited her even more. "Oh fuck yeah." she moaned. "I sure am."

"Nice," Zoe said as she kissed her farewell, "You'll enjoy it because hell, I'm going to." She threw the keys to one of the blokes, "You're driving."

Sharon watched in amazement as the tall blonde sashayed out the door with the four men that she was taking home for a gangbang. 

Marcus was still splayed across the bed, his cute arse was nicely defined by a shard of soft light. Just as she was about to turn back into the room she heard a soft snore coming out of one of the other bedrooms that speared off from the main hallway. 

She gently pushed the door open and snuck a quick glance in to see Lisa lying between two men. The men's cocks lay temptingly across their legs and if it had been earlier, she would have sucked them off there and then. 

Out of the corner of her eye she saw movement in the loungeroom. The naked figure of Caz was scurrying about with a damp cloth quelling the candles as she went. The room slowly became darker and darker as each candle was extinguished. Sharon, tip-toeing silently across the room, was only about two metres away from Caz when a hard calloused hand swung out from under a sheet on the lounge and grabbed her leg.

Her startled scream sent Caz yelling and John, the crashed out carcass on the lounge, had to sit up and quieten them down quickly. 

"Shoosh you two," he laughed. "You'll wake the dead."

"Fucking hell, John," Sharon gasped, "I was going to scare Caz and then.." 

"I know," John interrupted, "Nice work on my behalf."

"What are you doing up anyway?" Caz asked Sharon.

"I needed a drink and then I heard voices," she motioned towards the front door.

"Ah yes," Caz held off dousing the last three candles and sat next to John. "Zoe always steals some for her own. I pity her husband." 

"None of them are her husband?"

"Sadly, no," Caz said, "He's a wealthy man that she quite openly states that she despises, but yet fawns all over him in public."

"She's evil," a sleepy John muttered from his pillow "A tremendous hot body and a great fuck, but evil."

"Unlike us who have hot bodies and are nice," Caz reached under the sheet and grabbed his cock. 

"That goes without saying," John rolled onto his side trying to avoid Caz's wandering hand, "Now leave me be ladies, I need to sleep."

"It is nearly three in the morning I suppose," Caz hopped up off the lounge, "John, why don't you sleep in one of the beds? I'm sure that Sharon won't mind sharing."

Sharon nodded eagerly at the prospect of waking up between two men.

"I'll see how I go," John murmured as sleep took a hold.

"Damn," Sharon said.

"I know right," Caz hopped up and grabbed the last candelabra off the side table, "Let's go check the rest."

"Lisa is in that downstairs room with two of the guys she showed up with," Sharon looked back at John who had begun to snore. "That just leaves Clement and Karen, Nick.." 

"Clement and Karen went home," Caz nodded to their home over the fence. "Let's go look."

In the room next to Caz and Peter's lay Ellen and Mike with Nick asleep on a mattress on the floor.

"I never really got to meet Ellen," Sharon whispered. 

"She's a lovely girl," Caz whispered, "She wants to try anal this weekend."

Sharon immediately wrapped her arms Caz and kissed her, "So do I," she said hornily, "Maybe we could do it together."

"Wow, really?" Caz was excited. "That will be so much fun."

"Fuck yeah," Sharon eyed off Nick and Mike's cocks and tempted though she was to join Caz for some fun, a wave of tiredness swept through her. "For now though I might just head back to bed." 

"No worries," Caz kissed her and patted her on the arse, "Catch you for brekkie."

With a quick glance in at Nick, Ellen and Mike, Sharon snuck back down the stairs, past the snoring torso of John before crashing into one of the men who'd been with Lisa.

"Shit," he said softly "I didn't expect anyone to be here."

Sharon felt his hard cock hit her in the stomach when they collided and now he was trying to conceal it with his hands.

"Wow," she reached out and grabbed his swollen member. "Who are you?"

"Neil," he muttered "and you're Sharon, right?"

"That I am," she stroked his cock as she spoke. The adrenalin kick from bumping into him awoke her somewhat and now that same adrenalin was making her horny. "Where are you off to with this?"

"Well," he lifted her right boob and gave her nipple a squeeze, "I woke up with this and decided to go for a wander to see if anyone was awake. I didn't want to waste it."

"You need not go any further," she held the magnificent cock in her right hand and cupped his balls in her left. "I really need to fuck." Sharon dropped into a squat and licked the underside of his eight inch cock.

"Great lord," Neil groaned as she spat on his glans before smearing her spittle along his pole. She expertly sucked and flicked his knob as she stroked his cock to complete hardness. Without a word, Sharon then stood up and bent herself over the back of the lounge on which John was still sleeping. She lifted her right knee up on the lounge and Neil, bending slightly at the knees, quickly filled her hungry wet cunt with his rigid cock. 

Sharon tried to be as quiet as she could and the noisiest part was the slopping sound of her pussy juices sluicing around Neil's cock. Neil held her head up by grabbing her hair and gently pulling back. Neil had fantastic technique and he really filled her pussy with his meat. He bent forward and scooped one of her boobs in his hand.

"What a hot little fuck you are," he whispered into her ear. She had to agree, she certainly was. John was still out of it even though the lounge was rocking from Neil's perfect thrusts.

Sharon though knew what would wake him and she flung his sheet off him and grabbed his cock. Neil began fingering her arsehole as he fucked into her, first one finger, then two. 

"Do you take it up the arse," he asked.

"Not yet," she said over her shoulder. 

"We could start now," he eagerly said. "I reckon you'd love it."

She's promised Marcus her anal cherry and there was no way she was going to let this big fat cock be her first anyway.

"Maybe tomorrow," she said as John began to rouse, "Now just keep fucking me."

"Christ, woman," John said as Sharon pumped his cock to life. "What time is it?"

"Around three," Neil said, "You guys were right hey, this is one insatiable little lady."

'Insatiable?' Sharon thought. "Maybe I am," she spoke out loud.

"Maybe you're what?" John asked.

"Insatiable." 

"If I join in will you finally go to bed when it's over?" John knew what the answer was going to be and began to climb off the lounge.

"Yes," Sharon wet her lips in anticipation of sucking John's cock as Neil pounded her from behind.

"Good then," he stood up on the lounge and stroked his cock inches away from her face. "Suck my cock then you horny little bitch."

Gladly Sharon opened her mouth and simply let John fuck her face. 

"That's the girl," John groaned "Take these cocks in your holes." 

All Sharon could do was emit a muffled groan as John slid his cock in and out of her slobbering mouth. Long strands of spit dribbled down off her chin and onto the sheet as he drove his cock deep into her throat.

"Wow," John said "You really do know how to deep throat." He pulled his slick cock out and began to wank it in front of her. Neil reached around and as he fucked her, began rubbing her clit.

"I don't think we should hold back," John said to Neil. "Let's fuck her hard and fast and cum when we want."

Neil responded by driving into her harder and sliding his cock over her bulging clit. 

The feeling of his cock sliding against her clit was tremendous and when John began to squeeze her left tit it was Sharon who came first.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck," she called out before John silenced her with his cock. Her body shook and Neil momentarily stopped fucking her as her cunt spasmed around his thick prick. 

"Cum over her face man," Neil said, "Let's both blow on her sexy fucking face. You'll love that won't you Sharon, you love cum don't you?"

"Yeah cum in my mouth," she goaded John, "Cum all over my face."

"Here it comes then," John said as his hand quickened its pace. As his cock shot a thin but fast spray of semen across her face, Neil whipped his cock out of her still twitching pussy and ran around the lounge next to the knee buckling John. Like a fledgling in a nest, Sharon opened her mouth and waited for Neil's prong to deliver a meal.

Neil didn't fail to deliver and his cock let loose a sizeable amount of jism over her beautiful young face. Most of it landed in her mouth and she held it there for a moment before standing back up and looking at the two men, swallowed the load straight down into her gullet. 

"Man," Neil said as he squeezed his rapidly deflating cock. "I can't wait for tomorrow."

"Technically," Sharon said as she walked around to them both, "It's already tomorrow, otherwise you my friends," she grabbed their cocks, "will have to wait until Sunday."

"Right," John picked up the sheet and offered it to Sharon to wipe her face, "Okay then, now that that's all sorted, let's hit the sack shall we." 

Sharon refused his offer of a face wipe on his sheet and turned back towards the bathroom. She poured a sink full of warm water into the sink and lathered up some face wash before soaking the men's effluvia off her face.

Neil followed her in and flicked the shower on. Sharon admired his fit physique as he lathered up his cock and balls. Even though clearly in his forties, Neil was fitter than many of the twenty year olds she'd fucked. Deciding to have a quick shower rather than just a face wash, Sharon sauntered over and opened the door. Stepping into the shower Neil immediately began to lather up her tits and pussy with handfuls of foam.

"I thought I may as well clean up properly," she said as she rubbed his cock. A small bulb of jizz squeezed out so she gathered it on the tip of her index finger before sucking it into her mouth. 

"You're really enjoying this, aren't you?" Neil asked. "The wild sexual abandon of the place."

"I sure am. It would be nice to be able to keep this up with a partner though."

"Well, Ellen and I are together."

"Really?" she washed the suds away from his cock and admired its girth. "I never guessed." 

"Word is that you and Marcus may well team up soon."

Sharon blushed slightly when she heard his name

"I could see that," he continued.

"How long have you and Ellen been together?'

"Three years next month."

"Do you go to the club at all?"

Neil shook his head and cupping some water in his hands washed the suds off Sharon's pert, firm breasts. "We went once but Ellen didn't like it. She feels more comfortable here in someone's home." 

"Fair enough," Sharon said, "It is nice here with couples and people that you can get to know a bit better."

"Enough?" Neil asked as he placed his hand on the taps and when Sharon nodded, he flicked them off.

In a reflective silence the two dried themselves and contemplated their own desires, Neil for unrestrained fucking and hedonism, Sharon, much the same.

Neil hung the towel over a rung and held Sharon by the waist "So," he said, "time for bed then."

"I think so," Sharon kissed him on the cheek and once more squeezed his cock. "I have to say, that's one of the finest cocks I've ever seen. Tomorrow we'll do it all again, okay?"

"You won't get any argument from me, I mean, I just want you to drop to your knees and suck me off right now and then fuck you again, but hell, it would be so much better to have others fuck you as well."

Sharon couldn't agree more and with a distinct bounce in her step she took her leave and meandered her way through the darkness back to the sleeping Marcus. As she lay next to him and watched the shadows of a tree play across the curtains, she comfortably let Mr Nod take her away into a dreamless sleep.

When she heard the clang of a spoon hitting the tiles in the kitchen she immediately reached over to where the snoring carcase of Marcus had been when she fell into bed. Disappointed she was when her hand fell upon an empty mattress however she did feel remarkably refreshed. Sitting up in bed she gazed across at the room opposite where Lisa had slept and it too seemed empty. Shuffling books and magazines around the bedside table she searched fruitlessly for a timepiece of some description. 

She languidly stretched out and reflected on the previous evening's activities before spinning herself off the bed. In the bright of morning she stood up and checked herself in the wardrobe mirror. The wafting aroma of bacon, interspersed with toast and ground coffee, set her stomach rumbling and she was drawn to the kitchen in search of sustenance.

"Finally," Peter called from the kitchen as soon as he saw her enter the living area, "she arises."

Everyone spun their heads towards Sharon as she waved her hand in greeting. "Morning all," she yawned and stretched her arms in the sky. "What's the time?"

Peter pointed at the clock on the wall and said "10:27."

Shocked, Sharon stopped in her tracks and stared at the clock in disbelief. "No way," she said, "I never sleep that late."

"You wouldn't wake up," Marcus hopped out of his chair and walked over to her. "You were talking in your sleep this morning. Nothing exciting or controversial but it must have been some dream."

"Dream?" she said "I'm sure I didn't dream last night." 

"You kept saying you couldn't find something."

"Really?" she kissed him on the mouth and he embraced her tightly. "That's weird."

"Tea or coffee?"

Sharon had a severe need for caffeine but always started the morning with a refreshing cup of tea.

"Tea, white, no sugar."

"One tea coming right up," John said and flicked the kettle back on.

Ellen had been scanning the paper as Sharon walked in but she slid it across to Neil and smiled up at her.

"Hello," she waved "I'm Ellen, we didn't really get to meet last night."

"Hi there Ellen," Sharon walked over to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Sorry, but I didn't get to introduce myself either," said one of the men who had come in the crowd on Friday. "I'm Phil."

"Hi Phil," Sharon said and then instinctively looked at his thick cock. "How's things?"

"Things are great," he said, "I've heard so much about you."

"Really?" she laughed, "Already?"

"Heard all about your before dawn visit with Neil and John, witnessed your fisting with Lisa of course," he looked her slowly up and down. "I have to say, I'm looking forward to getting to know you a lot better later on."

Surprised to hear that everyone knew about her romp with Neil and John she comically pointed at them both. "Which one of you dobbed?" she mockingly admonished them. "How dare you portray me as some loose woman who just fucks any man she bumps into in the dead of night."

Everyone laughed and Sharon, putting her hands on her hips, affected an affronted pose.

"Just for that, no one," she pointed at Marcus "and I mean no one, will be getting any of this for the rest of the weekend."

"You won't last until lunchtime," Nick called out from the lounge.

"She wanted to have this for her breakfast," Marcus held his cock up at her. "Now she'll just have to make do with bacon and eggs."

"I'm not really hungry," Sharon moved over to John and draped an arm around his shoulder, "Certainly not after my early morning snack."

"More breakfast please Peter," John slid his plate across the kitchen bench, "Looks like I'm going to need the energy."

"Same," Phil said and held his plate up. "I think I need lots of protein to build up the supplies."

"No need," Sharon pulled a stool out next to John and sat down. "As I said, you won't be getting any of this."

"They can use it on me then," Ellen said and nudged Neil.

"I'm good for that," Marcus said, "Sharon will be going home I suppose."

All Sharon could do was stick her tongue out at him because she really was desperate for a cup of tea. 

"One English Breakfast," Peter slid the teapot across to her, "Bacon and Eggs, croissant or cereal?"

"Bacon and eggs would be great." 

With the refreshing ingestion of tea, Sharon's synapses came to life and for the first time that morning she realised that a few of the evening's visitors were missing.

"Where are Caz and Lisa and what's his name, Mike?"

"Outside," Peter nodded towards the pool. "Getting the early morning sun around the corner there." 

Sharon looked a bit more carefully now and could see some feet poking out from behind a wall. She picked up her tea and with a nod to everyone in the house, stepped outside into the sunshine. The glare from the white pavers took her by surprise and she had to squint into the brightness.
