 The first thing that Sharon noticed was the sheet and blanket that covered her body. Secondly the slight rumble of Marcus snoring next to her caused her to lift up her head and scan around the room. On the floor the once suspended cushioned platform was now a bed to a naked man who lay wrapped around a covered Lisa. 

Sharon sat up cautiously, moved the Manchester off herself to not wake Marcus and spun her feet onto the floor. 

Regretting that she may have missed so much fucking, and in desperate need to relieve herself, she eased herself off the bed and headed to the source of the soft light that emanated from the living area of the house. 

Just like the night before, only in increasing numbers, naked bodies scattered around the room. The numbers though we're far less than what had been there at its peak, so Sharon assumed correctly that many had already departed. 

She headed straight for the toilet noticing that a few stayers were huddled in blankets outside near the pool. The air was indeed crisp and her nipples hardened as she passed the fallen torsos of the fornicators that lay on thin foam mattresses. 

She poured herself a glass and downed it in one go before taking a piss in the communal toilet. Turning the light on in the bathroom attracted the attention of the early morning revellers who sent one of the men to investigate. Sharon heard the footsteps approaching and was wiping herself dry when the face of a gentleman that she could barely recall poked around the corner. 

"Hi," he started, "oh it's you, the new girl. We thought you'd left." 

"That's me," Sharon smiled at the tall dark-eyed stranger. "And no I haven't left, just crashed out for a while." 

"Well we couldn't find anywhere to sleep so we're hanging outside if you care to join us." He stepped forward and with his body framed by the blanket he had draped over his shoulder, Sharon couldn't help but admire his trim physique and pendulous uncut cock. 

"I'll come say hello," she said.

"Great," he said with all the enthusiasm of a child in a lolly shop. "I have to say, you're one sexy woman."

Sharon stood up, flushed the loo and turned back to him and asked, "Have we fucked yet?"

Even though they were at an all weekend orgy, he was somewhat taken aback by her forward approach. 

"No," he said before winking and adding, "not yet anyway."

"And what makes you think that was an offer?" Sharon slyly asked.

Elegantly changing the subject by taking a different approach the man took a few steps back and framed his fingers like he was taking a photograph.

"Have you ever considered doing some nude modelling? You're perfectly proportioned."

"Me?" Sharon looked at herself in the mirror and struck a model's pose. "I don't think so."

"No seriously." He came close to her and held her arms up as if he was about to frisk her. "I'm an art teacher at college and we need some decent looking models."

"Oh," Sharon grabbed his thick cock as he ran his hands down her side and cupped her breasts in his hands. "I thought that you were after someone to appear in some x-rated porn flick."

He shrugged the blanket off his shoulders and ran his right hand down to her wet pussy. She groaned as his fingers drew across her hungry cunt lips. 

"You could always do that," his voice caught on the 'that' as she rubbed her thumb around his knob, "I've often fantasised about a model fucking all the students."

She pulled his foreskin back and felt his cock get longer and harder as he fingered her moist slit. He smiled down at her and with his right foot shuffled the blanket around between them. 

Getting the hint Sharon dropped to her knees and took his cock into her horny mouth. She grabbed his heavy ball bag and stroked his cock as she sucked and licked at his swollen knob end.

"Ah fuck yeah," he took his cock in hand and wiped it around her face. "You truly are a good fuck."

All Sharon could do was add an upturned grin to her cock-filled mouth. He grabbed her head and began to quickly fuck her face. Great tendrils of spit hung from her mouth and collected on her heaving chest. Sharon could detect the familiar tang of precum and with her pussy desiring a cock, she decided to act immediately.

"Fuck me," she said as she stood up, "fuck me now."

She turned to the vanity and leant over, motioning to him in the mirror to slide in from behind. An action he was quick to implement.

Sharon enjoyed watching each other in the mirror as he drove his cock hard into her, and the idea of making a video excited her greatly.

She pushed back against him as he thrust forward, slamming his cock into her cervix. She reached underneath and rubbed her clit as he took her right tit in hand. With his left he slapped her on the arse and after spitting on his fingers, slid two into her arsehole. 

"Fuck I love these parties," he said, "so many hot and horny women." 

Sharon noticed amongst the bottles and containers on the vanity a tube of lube that Carol had left behind. Figuring that if she was going to ever make that video, she would need to perfect anal sex, so she grabbed the tube, handed it to the guy fucking her and said, "fuck my arse, fuck it now."

As quick as he could he spun the lid off and squeezed more than enough over and around her arsehole. The cool gel sent a slight shiver through her body as he smeared it around and into her arse.

"Ready?" He asked as he withdrew his cock from her pussy. Sharon just nodded at his reflection as she prepared for his intrusion. Watching his face intently, Sharon continued on rubbing her clit as he lined up her bud. 

She couldn't help but close her eyes as the sharp pain of a cock stretching her arse turned into a wave of pleasure as he slid in without much effort at all. 

"Oh fuck yeah," he said as he increased the pace, "you're so fucking good."

Sharon had to agree, she was good. She must have been because after a few minutes, and once she'd cum all over her fingers as they frigged her hole, he shot a load of cum into and over her arse. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh Jesus," he whimpered as his cock exploded into her and she grabbed his pulsing ball bag. 

He slapped her arse cheeks as he came down from his high, and wiped his cock all over any cum that hadn't slid back towards her snatch. 

"Man," he leaned forward and kissed her on the back, "that was fantastic. For a first time anal girl, you're bloody amazing."

Sharon, staying where she was, ran her fingers down between her legs and up to her sopping arsehole. "Any more out there still hungry?" She asked.

He smiled and shook his head in joy and amazement. "There's five of us. Do you want all four of them at once?"

Sharon looked down at the blanket, the vanity and the toilet and formulated a plan. "One at a time but they can do pretty much what they like with me," she said. 

"Nice," he said and turned to the door.

"No rough stuff though," she called out, "and tell them to get hard before they come in."

"Wow," he said in admiration, "you really are a top-notch discovery."

Sharon lifted herself up on the vanity, spread her legs and ran her fingers down to her moist fuck holes. "Just go get one before I change my mind."

Seconds later another guy, a portly gent with a receding hairline, probably in his early forties, appeared with a huge smile on his face.

"Up for anything, I was told," he said as he admired her body and stroked his thick long cock. "My, you are hot."

Sharon smiled at the stranger's compliment and tilted her head jauntingly to the side.

"And what would you like to do?" She asked him.

"You know, this might seem like a fairly common event, but I just want you to suck me off and then cum in your mouth."

"Ooh nasty, but I like it," Sharon dropped to her knees and took his thick cock in her small hand, admiring its girth as she stroked it gently back and forth.

He put a hand on her head and twirled her dark hair before asking, "Do you like dirty talk?"

"I can't talk with my mouth full," Sharon responded. 

"Not you," he chuckled, "Me, calling you a whore and a slut."

Sharon felt his cock harden as he spoke those words so she decided to let him go, but with a warning.

"You can do that, but you need to remember that I'm neither of those things."

"Of course you're not, it's just play," he said with a distinct horny tilt to his voice. "Now suck my cock you little whore."

Sharon slid her tongue around his knob and sucked on it as he placed a hand on the back of her head. 

"Suck it all the way down, babe, suck on that thick cock."

Sharon was beginning to enjoy the roleplay of being someone's whore so she played the part to a tee.

"Fuck your little slut's mouth," she said between mouthfuls, "Fuck it hard."

"You fucking slut," he slapped her gently across the face with his hard cock, smearing his spit over her reddening cheeks. "You love being fucked by all those cocks don't you? Love being such a fuck whore for all these cocks, taking them in your arse, in your cunt, being just a hole for us all to enjoy."

Sharon moaned around his cock as he forced it into her mouth. She intuitively began to rub her pussy with her free hand as he continued his verbal and cock onslaught. 

"Whores like you never get enough cock, do you? Always wanting more and more cum all over yourselves, never fucking satisfied."

Sharon realised that this guy could well be right, maybe she never was satisfied, maybe she was some cheap harlot. 

"Look at you rubbing your pussy, wanting to cum, wanting a cock to fuck, thinking of riding a big cock now I bet you are, a big thick cock fucking your sweet young cunt."

"Hmm, yeah," she had to agree, it was exactly what she was thinking.

"Well I want you all to myself so," he leant over and pulled open a draw in the vanity, shuffled about a bit and pulled out a long bottle of moisturiser. "You'll have to make do with this, and if you lie back, with my hands, because making and watching a woman cum is my real favourite."

He shuffled some blanket around and he directed her head gently down on it. 

"Spread those legs, spread them nice and wide."

He leaned closer and she quickly sucked his hard cock into her mouth as his hand guided down her stomach, across her pubes and into her pussy.

"Oh fuck you're so wet from thinking about all those cocks you've fucked tonight, so desperate to cum again. Look at your sexy hot body all writhing and twisting," he tweaked her nipples as she groaned around his prong.

He grabbed the bottle and rubbed the hard plastic across her labia and clit, forcing the casing hard against her tender nub. 

"Oh god, oh god," she cried as her orgasm crept closer. "Oh fuck, oh fuck."

"Cum when I shoot in your mouth, cum when it lands on your tongue."

He returned to flicking her clit hard as she wanked on his cock with her mouth open below.

"Cum in your slut's mouth," she said to him as she felt his balls tighten, "fill your little slut with jizz."

"You want it bad don't you? You want to feel my cum all over your tongue, you want to suck it down. Cum when you feel it hit your tongue, rub your pussy, babe, rub it nice and hard."

Sharon arched her back and inserted three fingers into her pussy as he watched her fingering herself. 

"Oh yeah babe, here it comes," he took a shuffle back and grabbed his cock and balls in hand, wanking it at a furious pace.

The first jet missed completely and ended up on the floor next to her, but just his reaction was enough to set her off on a rolling climax. Her body moved like she was being rolled in the surf. Every wave lifted her hips and rolled through her body, her nipples were hard, her pussy, sopping.

"Oh fuck, oh god," he cried as his cock spurt out across her tongue. "Look at that cum, look at your face, you fucking love it."

Sharon was amazed at how much he had in store, her mouth filled with jizz and although her preference was to spit, she wasn't sure what he wanted.

With shaking legs he squeezed the last of his seed out and said, "Swirl it around first, then swallow it." 

Sharon ran her tongue around her cum filled mouth before sitting up, tilting her head back and letting the masculine effluvia slide down into her stomach.

Surprising her, he bent down and kissed her on the lips, no doubt wanting to taste his own cum.

"Delicious," he said, "So fucking good, you really are."

Sharon ran her hand down to her pussy and rubbed her excited clitoris as she spoke.

"Send in the next," she said, wanting to keep the train rolling.

"Hmm," he wiped his cock on a towel and shook slightly as he did so. "You really are one sexy woman. That was intense, thanks so much."

Sharon lay back and stared at the ceiling as she rubbed her excited pussy. Never would she have thought that she would ever be lying on a pile of blankets, waiting for an unknown man to come in and fuck her. When no one arrived, after about a minute, Sharon latched onto the side of the vanity and pulled herself up. Glancing outside she noticed the sky was turning a soft pink as the sun rose above the ocean. Just as she was about to go and see what the delay was, the third man appeared. 

Tall and of European descent, his cock was already rigid and ready for action. This guy clearly worked out. His arms were twisted tight, his abdomen well defined.

"Hi," the new man said to a clearly pleased Sharon.

"Wow," she flicked her hair back over her shoulder. "Aren't you the complete opposite to the last guy.

He just laughed and moved forwards, smothering her petite frame. He ran his hands around her tits and straightened up a few errant hairs. 

"You were great last night, the way you took that cock in your arse," he sucked her right nipple before continuing. "How was it having two cocks in you cunt? Did you cum?"

"Oh god yes. I just keep on cumming. Maybe I'm insatiable or something."

"Well, I think that you just need to work a bit harder. Get a bit of 'sexercise' as I like to call it." He reached down to her moist, needy hole. "Let's see what we can do."

Sharon grabbed at his cock as he fingered her pussy. His fingers expertly found her clit and he pressed and rubbed it until she was nigh on the edge of climax.

"Fuck me," she said, "I need to feel a cock inside me."

He kicked the blankets across the bathroom floor and although she expected that he wanted her to get down on them, his plans were different. 

"You can ride me as hard and as for as long as I can handle it," he said as he lay down on the floor, his head resting on the same bunched up swath of material that she had used.

Sharon gave his cock a quick blowjob, licking and sucking his balls before dragging her tongue along the underside and then sliding it into her mouth. Great streams of spit cascaded down his dick and she pumped that slippery pole until it was stone hard.

"Come on," he said, "Fuck that cock."

Sharon threw a leg over and began a slow grind up and down the length of his cock. Her pussy lips were sopping with juice as she felt his hardness pressing against her.

"Oh yeah baby, that's nice," he said, "That's fucking unreal."

His cock hadn't even been inside her, it was just resting against his abdomen as she rode it like a horny cowgirl.

He was almost on the brink of orgasm when she slowed down and lifted herself slightly off him. He got the hint and lifted his cock up to a 90 degree angle to his body.

Sharon took a hold of its and as he grabbed her perky tits, she slid down its entire length.

"Oh yeah," she moaned, "that's how you please a lady."

He closed his eyes as if in prayer as she began to pump his cock with her aching, horny pussy. Occasionally he would open his eyes and gaze at her delirious face as she rolled in ecstasy.

"Such a good fuck, such nice tits," he said, bringing himself and her closer to full orgasm. "I'd love to see you sucking on another cock right now." He put two fingers in her mouth and she immediately thought of Marcus fucking her face. With his other hand he reached down and rubbed her clit. 

"Sucking and fucking cocks, sucking and fucking cocks," he repeated softly as he continued to pinch her nipples and rub her pussy. With some concern, he thought she was having a seizure as she stopped moving and her eyes rolled back, he watched yet another orgasm pass through her body.

"Oh fuck, oh yeah, oh godddd," she threw herself into his chest and he grabbed her arse and held her down as she gyrated and let her pussy juices flow all over his rigid tool.

Once she came down a notch she reached around to his tight ball bag and gently massaged them.

"Cum inside me," she softly whispered, "I love feeling cocks explode inside me."

"Not yet," he said, "Stand up first."

Reluctantly Sharon dismounted and leaned up against the vanity and watched as he hopped up with the athleticism of a startled gazelle.

He lifted her up onto the vanity and she instinctively wrapped her legs around him as he slid straight in. Their tongues flicked as they fucked, her wet pussy made a squelching noise at the same time his balls hit the cold marble top.

Then he lifted her straight off the vanity and with nothing to stop it, his cock slammed hard into her cervix. 

"Ouch, fuck yeah, oh fuck," she cried out as the cock hit home hard. "Fuck me, fuck me. Oh Christ, fuck me."

He was watching himself in the mirror and when he turned to the side so they could both watch, Sharon came once more, her pussy spasmed around his length, causing him to explode deep inside her.

So intense was his orgasm that he feared collapse and rested her onto the vanity as his knees trembled and his balls emptied. The flood of jizz soothed her pussy and she fell back onto the mirror as he slowly pulled his expended cock out of her. 

"Good god," he watched his jizz seep out of her well fucked hole, "I didn't hurt you did I?" 

Sharon just chuckled and ran two fingers around her cum-filled pussy. "I'm well lubricated."

He was about to call out 'Next!' But he had no need to because the fourth guy, his cock slick and hard, was already waiting to go.

Sharon wondered how these guys were getting so hard before coming in, but that thought dissipated as soon as he high-fived the other guy, another fellow in his early forties, as he left.

"Yum," he said as he slid a finger into her pussy, scooped up some of the other man's cum and offered it to her. "I love sloppy seconds. Don't you?"

Without any reluctance Sharon licked his fingers as if it they had just been wiping the inside of a cake mixing bowl. 

"Yum," she said and ladled up some of the jizz on her finger tips. "Now fuck my wet hole, fuck it hard."

"Damn," he said, "The pleasure is all mine."

He grabbed his cock and rubbed it around her swollen pussy, smearing the previous man's load around her extended clit. They moaned in unison as he slid deep into her in one slow thrust. The moist warmth around his cock made him even more rigid and he began a rapid sequence of lunges into her excited quim.

The sloshing from her pussy was almost comical and they both enjoyed it when he slowed down and they watched as he gradually withdrew his cock. His prick glistened with the accumulated juices of all that had gone before, and all that she generated herself.

He bent forward and sucked her nipples and with a free hand began rubbing her clit as he continued ploughing into her. The position was slightly awkward so with his cock solidly embedded in her wanton snatch, he slid her across the vanity top so that she could rest back along it. Being the gentleman he was, he grabbed a towel and tucked it behind her.

Sharon lay back on the soft fabric and watched his face intently as he adored her lithesome, stretched out body. 

"Fucking beautiful," he said as he dragged his hands down her side and holding on to her hips, gave a quick flurry of strokes into her pussy. "So hot, so tight, so wet."
