 This is my submission for the 2019 Nude Day Contest. If you enjoy the story, please vote by making it one of your favorites and giving it a high rating. Thanks.

**********

Lana slid off the plastic cushion that was slathered with Nuru gel. Mark and Tina still laid there catching their breath after achieving orgasmic climaxes together.

"I need to get cleaned up," Lana told the two friends with whom she just enjoyed a round of Nuru massage that quickly became a hot threesome of wild sex. "I'm going to meet Mike and Nann to brainstorm some kind of event for Nude Day," she explained.

Lana was a vivacious unicorn in the sex lives of two couples, Mark and Tina, Mike and Nannette. She stepped into the shower to rinse the slippery gel off her olive skinned body and from her jet black hair. Lana's perky b-cup breasts were highlighted large, dark, protruding nipples which appeared disproportionate to her slim athletic figure.

Having thrown on a light sundress, Lana went back to bid her friends good-bye for now. "I'll call you guys later and let you know what Mike and Nann are cooking up for this year's party," Lana said to them on the way out.

Tina blew Lana a kiss. "Suggest something fun like a giant Nuru massage orgy," she said as Lana approached the door to leave. Mark had his arms around Tina cupping her huge d-cup tits. Mark and Tina were sight as a couple. Mark, pale from his Scandinavian heritage, and Tina, a dark ebony beauty. They were both tall, complimenting each other magnificently.

"I wouldn't mind getting in a situation where I could get it on with Nann," Mark said to his girlfriend. Mark and Tina were in an open relationship. Friends and fuck buddies who lived together. Neither of them had a jealous bone in their bodies nor felt possessive of each other in any way.

"I would like to get a hold of her too," Tina joked. "She's got a nice rounded mature body and I bet she tastes good, like a fine aged wine."

"I noticed the way you were looking at Mike last year," Mark started kidding Tina as he pinched her nipples. "He has a fat cock and I know you like that," he teased.

"I love being stretched," Tina laughed. "I wonder why Lana never suggested the five of us get together," she pondered.

"Probably because she always likes to be the center of attention and doesn't want to share the spotlight," Mark surmised.

"You think you could pop again?" Tina asked seductively. "All this talk about Nann and Mike is getting me aroused again," she said to her lover.

Tina spun around and went down on Mark's cock, sucking him back to hardness. She straddled her friend pushing down to send his cock deep into her pussy.

"Oh fuck that feels good," Mark sighed. "Even if I can't muster a third one, I love the way you ride me," he said as Tina rocked back and forth, her huge tits swaying in Mark's face.

"Oh baby," Tina cried out as she reached another orgasm.

Tina and Mark fucked for another twenty minutes until they were both exhausted.

***********

"You know my friends Mark and Tina," Lana said while undressing with Mike and Nannette. "They are really into this Nuru massage thing," she explained helping Nann out of her bra. "They suggested you host a giant Nuru orgy for Nude Day this year."

"I don't really know what Nuru is," Mike confessed.

"It's when you get all oiled up with his gel stuff and slip and slide on each other," Lana explained. "And eventually, cocks slip into pussies and the fucking thing happens," she laughed.

"Besides getting some cock, what's in it for the girls?" Nann asked.

"Tina has these huge tits," Lana described her friend, "so when we slide on each other it sends waves of pleasure through my nipples. Our bodies get hot rubbing our pussies together," she went on telling Nann the pleasures of girl on girl Nuru.

"Well, it certainly sounds more erotic than a group striptease," Nann responded.

"Nuru massage is hot, sexy foreplay," Lana concluded. "Do you have some coconut oil? I'll give you a hint of how it works."

Nann went naked to her kitchen and pulled a jar of coconut oil out of the pantry, heated a bowl of water in the microwave and put the jar in the hot water to warm the oil. When she returned to the bedroom she found Mike feasting on the younger woman's pussy. Nann placed the bowl with the coconut oil on the nightstand. With her husband Mike between Lana's legs she positioned herself on Lana's face to receive some tongue action from the twenty-four year old vixen.

After a few minutes of oral pleasuring Lana spoke up. "OK now. I want both of you to lie side by side," she directed the older, middle-aged couple. Mike and Nann did as instructed. The coconut oil was warmed and fluid when Lana started applying it to Nann's torso. Lana then slathered some oil on Mike making sure to apply a generous amount on his erect cock.

"I'm going to slide up and down on the two of you," Lana told them. "You don't have to do anything but feel the wonderful sensations." Lana started on Nann.

"Oh," Nann let out a moan. "Your nipples feel so nice on my tits," she said.

Lana switched over to Mike who enjoyed the sensation of the length of Lana's lithe body sliding along his erection. Mike was clearly enjoying this new phenomenon of body stroking his cock. The threesome moved around taking turns sliding and sometimes grinding on each other, building up a heightened level of sexual energy between them.

"Climb on me and fuck me," Mike commanded his wife. "Sit on my face," he ordered Lana. Mike was one to take charge in bed. He knew his wife would cum multiple times riding his cock. He enjoyed the feeling of her hot cum pouring out of her like a dam broke each time she reached an orgasm.

"My turn," Lana said seeing Nann nearly collapse from her third orgasm. Nann dismounted her husband and Lana got on in a reverse position, her butt staring into Mike's face.

"Oil up my butt hole," Lana suggested. Nann handed Mike the jar of coconut oil. He worked a generous amount of oil into Lana's anal opening, stretching her sphincter with his fingers, getting her rady for his thick cock. Lana loved the feeling of her rectum filled with Mike's fat cock. Mike's wife, Nann, would have nothing to do with it since the time he tried to shove his cock in her and she screamed in pain.

"Show me that sexy ass of yours," Mike demanded gesturing her to dismount him and get ready for a round of anal fucking. Lana positioned herself on all fours waiting to feel her butt hole stretched and her bowels filled.

"I love your tight ass," Mike said while he pummeled her hard.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Lana screamed as she reached an anal orgasm.

"Fuck yea," Mike let out as he pumped a load of cum into Lana's bowels.

Mike, Nann and Lana showered together cleaning off each other's bodies with soft sponges and body wash. Without getting dressed the three of them, the women with a glass of wine and Mike with a beer, went outside to the gazebo to plot their Nude Day party.

"I saw a ten by twenty pop-up tent for sale we could put there with the furniture," Mike suggested.

"We will have to measure how many blow-up plastic mattresses we will need to fill the gazebo," Lana said working on a laptop finding inflatable mattresses on sale. The gazebo measured ten by twelve foot. "Well if my math is correct we can fit four queen sized mattresses in here."

"That should be good for sixteen, maybe twenty folks at once if nobody is shy about bodies intermingling," she added.

"We have had exhibitionist shows in the past, watching couples and threesomes do their thing," Mike noted. "But we never have had a large group engage in an activity all at once. This is going to be interesting."

"I wonder how many might break away from their usual partners and try and engage with others," Nann mused. "This will certainly be a different dynamic."

**********

"I got the email from Mike and Nann today about the Nude Day party," Mark mentioned to Tina as they sat down to dinner. "They asked if we could supply the Nuru gel which I immediately responded we would. There should be about twenty two guests if everyone responds."

"Also, they want to know if we can demonstrate along with Lana to show everyone how to get started," Mark went on.

"What if we say we will demonstrate with Lana and them?" Tina responded hoping for the opportunity they both wanted with Mike and Lana.

"Yes, that might be a good way to break the ice with them and perhaps entice them into a group thing with us," Mark concluded.

"It will be fun sliding on Nann," Tina remarked. "We both have big tits that should feel good against each other," The ebony bombshell concluded.

"I'll bet you also want that thick cock of Mike's inside you as well," Mark laughed.

"And I bet you want to poke that nice round butt of Nann's," Tina shot back.

"I wonder if Nann is into anal," Mark mused. "We'll have to ask Lana when she comes over tomorrow."

*********

Mike and Nann have a five acre property west of the Tucson Mountains which is fairly secluded and a perfect location for such an erotic party. The only obstacle that could occur is the chance of a monsoon storm which would drive the party indoors and effectively prohibit the planned group Nuru massage from taking place.

Luckily the weather forecast for National Nude Day called for a hot, sunny dry day in the nineties with low humidity. Mike made sure there was plenty of water to go along with the beer and wine so everyone could remain hydrated. The temperatures drop into the eighties as evening approaches and the sun goes down.

As the guests arrived, shedding their clothes in the house and making their way out to the gazebo, there was tension in the air. This was a departure from the normal Nude Day party at Mike and Nann's, which an exercise in Exhibitionist / Voyeuristic playfulness was. The idea of a group Nuru massage session had the guests both excited and apprehensive about where things could go.

"I mean, with all those bodies squirming around together, what if things got out of control and bodies went randomly on other bodies?," one of the guests, middle-aged woman with a full figure, said to her husband.

"You mean, what if people start randomly fucking each other?" her husband said with a smile earning him a cold stare from his wife.

For Mark and Tina, though, that was the plan. They wanted to build something with Mike and Nann. Hopefully something that would last beyond Nude Day. After all, both couples shared Lana, their unicorn.

Tina wasted no time flirting with Nann. She had asked Lana to try and occupy the men while she worked on Nann.

"See that," Tina said pressing her tits against Nann's. "We match up perfectly."

Tina felt confident when Nann laughed. She was pleased Nann didn't shy away from that physical contact.

"I'm jealous of your butt," Tina said putting her hand on Nann's ass. "I wish mine were so perfectly round and sexy like yours," she said to her host.

"I think you have a nice butt," Nann replied. "Mine's a little too big for my liking."

"My man, Mark, also thinks you have a perfect ass and wonders how fuckable it is," Tina said wondering if that was going too far.

Nann laughed. "I tried that once and it really hurt. So I don't think my ass is fuckable," she said.

"Did your husband try to shove that monster fat cock of his in all at once?" Nann nodded yes. "Well that's why. My man Mark isn't so thick and he knows how to do it so you enjoy it," Tina told Nann. "Maybe sometime we can have him show how pleasurable it is," Tina hinted.

"Maybe," Nann responded. Tina took that as a sign they might be going somewhere with this.

Lana did her job keeping the boys pre-occupied while Tina tested out how things would go with Nann. The girls found their partners standing around the middle of the tent with their cocks in Lana's mouth.

"My two favorite cocks in the world and finally I can have them both at once," Lana said while stroking Mike and Mark simultaneously.

"That's pretty impressive," said a tall woman standing close by them. "She had both of them in her mouth at the same time," the woman said to Tina and Nann.

"Tina, this is Susan and her husband Don," Nann introduced the other couple. "This is Mark, Tina's partner," finishing the introductions.

"This is Susan and Don's first time to our Nude Day party," Nann explained.

"We are enjoying what we are seeing so far," Susan said. "And we are looking forward to the Nuru massage. It sounds intriguing."

"That was Tina and Mark's idea. They do it all the time," Lana chimed in. "Hope I can get to do it with you Susan. We are both tall. A perfect fit," she proposed to the first time guests.

"Looking to add another couple to your repertoire?" Mike asked Lana jokingly.

"Could be," Lana responded with a devilish grin.

"Lana is our unicorn," Nann explained. "She is for Mark and Tina as well."

"Are all of you in the lifestyle?" Don asked.

"You mean swingers?" Mark responded.

"Yes. We were hoping to find other couples to play with," Don said to them. "We haven't had the opportunity to meet couples since we moved here from California six months ago. Luckily we heard about this and got an invitation."

"Let's see how we all interact during the Nuru massage. Maybe something will come of it," Nann suggested. "We should get the main activity started. Mike, can you get everyone's attention?"

There were a total of seventeen people there at the party which made it comfortable for everyone to participate at once on the four mattresses pushed together into one giant one. Mike gathered everyone around the gazebo and introduced Mark and Tina who would explain the concept of Nuru massage.

"We find this to be an erotic form of foreplay," Tina started out. "The sensual sensations of naked bodies sliding on each other really elevates the physical senses. Let me demonstrate. Why don't we have our hosts, Mike and Lana, come here and lie down."

Tina gestured for Lana to help her. The bowls of Nuru gel had been warming in the hot desert sun all day. "First take generous amounts of gel and dribble it on your partner's body," Tina explained. "Rub it all over them. Then rub some on yourself."

Tina laid on top of Nann and gave her a kiss which Nann engaged in happily. Tina slid down the length of Nann's body and licked the outside of her labia. Tina slowly and sensually slid up and down on Nann eliciting soft moans from her partner.

Lana began making sure Mike was hard by sucking on his cock for a minute. Then she poured a generous amount of gel on Mike's erection and some between the out lips of her labia. Lana positioned herself with her pussy rubbing against Mike's shaft as she slowly slide along him. Mike responded by rubbing his hands along Lana's slippery large protruding nipples.

"You all get the idea here," Mark said to the group. "Enjoy yourselves, enjoy each other." Mark tapped Lana to help him distribute bowls of gel to the other couples. Tina replaced Lana on top of Mike. When everyone looked like they were settling in to the practice, Mark went to Nann and Lana went to Susan and Don.

Mark rubbed his cock between Nann's large breasts, then down the length of her body to rub along the outside of her pussy. He spent a little time at each part of Nann's slippery voluptuous body. Nann was very aroused, her pussy was dripping wet. Mark rolled her over so she was now on top of him.

Nann slid up and down Mark's torso eventually settling down to rubbing her pussy along his shaft. Without warning Nann reached down and guided Mark's cock into her pussy. She let out a load moan when she pushed herself all the way down, her pussy pressing against Mark's balls. Mark smiled and looked over at Tina. She smiled back and pushed her pussy down on Mike's rod.

"Oh my god," Tina cried out from the sensation of Mike's thick cock stretching her and filling her vagina.

It didn't take long for the gazebo to be filled with the sounds and smells of sex. Around the mattresses there were women munching women stroking their partner's cocks, loud wild moans of orgasms as the men fucked their partners. Lana and Susan took turns fucking Don. The desired orgy was realized. It went on for a good hour and a half before everyone succumbed to exhaustion.

"There are two showers inside and one outdoor one by the patio," Mike informed the group when some of them recovered enough and started moving about. After a while the most of the guests got dressed and started to leave. Everyone thanked Mike and Nann for the most erotic and exhilarating party ever. The whole Nuru massage thing was a tremendous success.

When everyone was leaving, Mike asked Tina and Mark and Susan and Don if they would like to stay a bit longer. When all the other guests were gone the three couples and Lana sat in the living room of the house drinking beer and wine, snacking on a few sandwiches Nann had made up earlier.

"So, what does everyone think about this evening's experience?" Nann threw out the question.

"We went to a lot of swing parties in California but none were as sensual and erotic as this," Don was the first to respond.

"We can thank Mark and Tina for the wonderful idea," Mike informed everyone. "And thank you Tina for a terrific fuck. I just love your boobs bouncing in my face," he added. Everyone laughed.

"It was some really great sex tonight," Mark said.

"Well, are we all rested enough for some more?" Nann suggested. "We have a California King sized bed that should fit the seven of us cozily," she added.

As they made their way to the master bedroom, Susan asked Mike if she could pair up with him to start. She wanted to try his thick cock.

"Tina tells me you are an expert at anal," Nann said to Mark. Lana overheard Nann and chimed in, "He's really great. I'll help you out getting started," Lana offered.

Don seemed particularly pleased that he paired up with Tina. He confessed he had never been with a black woman before and she was absolutely the most gorgeous black woman he has met. Don didn't hesitate to go down on her.

"My god, you are so juicy," Don exclaimed with a grin.

Lana started rimming Nann while Nann was enjoying a taste of Mark's cock. Nann reacted to Lana tongue fucking her butt hole with vocal moans, saliva dripping down her chin when she released from Mark's stiff cock.

"Are you ready?" Mark asked Nann. "Lana, can you get the lube?" he asked his unicorn friend. Lana knew exactly where Mike kept it when he would fuck her ass. Lana returned with the lube and poured a generous amount on Nann's anal opening. She used her fingers to work it inside. Nann was on hands and knees, Lana generously rubbed lube on Mark's cock.

"Do you feel a little pressure?" Mark asked Nann, the head of his cock pressed firmly on her sphincter. Nann grunted she could. "Now, it's up to you. Relax and push pack slowly," Mark instructed. Nann felt her anal muscles stretch as she pushed back swallowing the head of Mark's cock.

"You're almost there Nann," Lana assured her older friend. Mark pushed slowly in until his cock was buried in Nann's rectum and his balls rested on Nann's butt cheeks. He paused, glancing over at his Tina who was bent over the side of the bed, her head resting on Mike's chest while Don was pounding her from behind. Susan was screaming as she rode Mike's monster cock adding to the thrill of this moment.

"It's feeling good now," Nann told Mark, so he pulled back and thrust in easy letting Nann get accustomed to the feel of a hard cock in her rectum. "Oh fuck. Fuck me harder," Nann cried out so Mark picked up the pace and started thrusting as ferociously as possible. An anal orgasm hit Nann like an exploding rocket, her body flailed, clenching Mark's cock so tight he had to forcible push in to keep from being pushed out.
