 "Here. Put these on." Beth ordered.

Looking a bit uncertain, Amy took the white, meshy costume Beth proffered.

"A bet's a bet, Amy." I informed the confused looking little blonde as I reached out to take my own black costume from Beth's arms.

USC's loss to Texas had put Amy and me into this predicament. So certain were we that The Trojans would kick the Longhorn's asses, we'd bet Beth out of our infamous "anything" bets. After several days of in-decision, Beth had finally decided that we'd pay off by helping her entertain her new boyfriend for his birthday.

The costumes she handed us were large-gauge mesh body suits complete with tails and little headpieces in the shape of cat ears. After we had donned the very revealing outfits, Beth pulled out a make-up kit and drew whiskers and noses on my and Amy's faces. She also added colorfast splotches to simulate cat marking on our cheeks and foreheads.

"There!" She proclaimed when she was finished. "All done! Go look in the mirror and tell me what you think."

Peering into the mirror, I was impressed with the quality of the job Beth had done on us. We both looked like very sexy felines, and I knew that Thomas, Beth's rather jerky boyfriend, would definitely enjoy his birthday surprise

As Amy and I preened in front of the mirror, scratching the air with pretend claws, Beth changed into a very revealing pink and black bustier with a matching pink thong. The bustier pushed her grapefruit sized tits into a generous display of cleavage that would have made a gay man want to titty-fuck the top-heavy brunette's firm, alabaster tit-mounds. Opening the door to her bedroom, she called out to Thomas. "Ready or not, here we come!"

In a whisper, she told us to start meowing.

"Meowwww...meoowwww...mewwwwwllll" Amy and I mewled, laughingly, as Beth led us to the sofa where Thomas sat. We must have been quite a sight: two 5'1, long-haired blondes, our shaved pussies and bare tits plainly obvious through the large mesh holes, crawling after the busty, 5'10 brunette.

"Do you like my cute little kitty cats?" Beth asked Thomas with a teasing lilt. "What do you think of my two pretty pussies? Aren't they adorable? You can pet them if you want."

For once, Thomas the Jerk was speechless. The perpetual sneer that we wore was absent and his mouth hung open in amazement. The mesh cat costumes showed a helluva lot of bare skin and Thomas' roving eyes took it all in. Amy and I remained on all fours in front of him as he carefully inspected every inch of our slender, mesh-covered bodies.

"Be back in a jiffy," Beth announced brightly as she quickly headed towards her kitchen. "Be nice to my little kitties!"

I didn't know about Amy, but in spite of my dislike for Thomas, I found myself almost shaking with lust. My barely covered, shaved pussy began to ooze musky cunt cream and I had no doubts that within seconds Thomas would be able to smell my arousal.

Breaking into a broad grin broadly, Thomas reached out his hands to stoke Amy and me on the tops of our blonde heads. "I hope you two are nasty little kittens, as well as pretty ones!"

Beth rushed back into the living room carrying a small bowl in her hands. As she placed it on the floor between Amy and me, I could see it was half filled with milk. Seating herself carefully on Thomas's lap, she directed. "Drink it little kitties. Drink your little treat from mama."

Obediently, Amy and I did as commanded and began to lick up the cold milk from the bowl. A low moan escaped Amy's parted lips, and I knew my hot little friend was just as turned on by this role-playing as I was.

"I know you're kitties and not puppies, but wag your little asses anyway as you lick," Beth directed. "Show me how happy you are."

I'm sure my tight ass was already swaying slowly back and forth as my head bumped against Amy's over the bowl of milk, but I exaggerated the wagging motion in response to Beth's command.

Above us, Thomas let out a low groan as we dipped our tongues into the milk, lapping up the white liquid in differing cadences: mine was slow and deliberate; Amy's fast and determined.

"Happy Birthday, Baby!" I heard Beth squeal in delight to her asshole boyfriend. "Do you like your present?"

"Fuck, yeah!" Thomas replied with unabashed enthusiasm. "Um...how much...I mean...um...how far are you gonna let things go here?"

"Curious aren't you?" Beth giggled in response, before adding in her low husky voice. "You can do anything you want with them; anything! Kiss them. Lick them. Fuck them. Fuck their faces, their pussies, their tight little asses. Treat the like little fuck-bitches! You can fuck them on the floor, on the bed, or on the table. You can fuck them outside by the pool and invite the whole complex to watch. You can do anything you want to them. And me too, we're your little play toys all night. Anything you want us to do, we will! I promise, Baby."

I'd heard those words before! I'd once used them myself when I'd let my husband fuck Beth for the first time. Oh, well, paybacks are hell.

Receiving the green light, Thomas leaned forward and wrapped a handful of my and Amy's hair around each of his hands. Pulling Amy's head out of the way, he pushed my face into the bowl of milk for a few brief seconds. Using my hair as a handle, he pulled my head back up and hissed at Amy. "Lick her face. Lick her face clean."

With a happy sigh, Amy began to lick all over my milk-covered face. 

"Mmmm," She moaned softly as she held my face between her hands and cleaned off all traces of the creamy liquid from my flushed face. My petite body shuddered with lust as I felt Amy's flexible tongue glide all around my nose, lips, and cheeks.

His own body trembling with desire, Thomas pulled my head away from Amy and pushed her face into the bowl of milk. Pulling her up after just a few second, he ordered me to lick her face in return.

"That's it, Honey!" Beth encouraged him. "Play nice with your little kitties. Tell them what to do!"

"Meow when you lick her face." Thomas demanded. "I wanna hear you make little kitty sounds."

"Meeoow...meooowww." I softly uttered as I licked loving all around Amy's cute, sweet face, this role-playing strangely exciting me. The whiskers Beth had drawn on Amy's face stayed crisp and bold, and even the black nose didn't smudge a bit as I swiped my tongue across it.

"You too," Tom groaned to Amy. "Meow back at her!"

Soon, Amy and I were softly mewling to each other as we kissed and licked each other's made up faces. It seemed as if we'd forgotten that Beth and Thomas were present, as our kisses grew longer and hotter.

"Make Amy lick my pussy!" Beth suddenly declared, hopping nimbly off of Thomas' lap. "You've been saying you want to see me with another girl, so let's do it now. Kathy's gonna suck your cock while you watch!"

"God, yeah!" Thomas growled in happy agreement. "I wanna watch her eat your pussy, Baby. That's gotta be so fucking hot!"

Grasping Amy by the arm, Beth pulled her over a few feet further away from the couch. Quickly shedding her pink thong, Beth spread her firm thighs wide, exposing her freshly-shaved cunt. Wiggling her hips slightly, she urged the little blonde to feast on her already wet pussy-flesh. "Eat me, Amy! Eat my pussy for me! Make me cum all over your face!"

As Amy lowered her face to Beth's creamy pussy, Thomas, without taking his eyes off the hot girl-girl action about to transpire, tugged hard on my hair and pulled my head up towards his. Whispering softly so that Beth would not overhear, he menacingly hissed. "I've been dreaming about this day for a long time, you stuck up little bitch. I've got some plans for your little ass."

For a brief moment, I though about getting up and saying there was no way I was going to continue being part of Beth's little present, but two things held me back: it was important to Beth for me not renege on our deal, and I knew that I could make it so that after this night, Thomas would know he'd never have anything so good again. It would be worth it knowing he'd long and long for another chance with me, but it'd never be forthcoming. At that moment I decided to pull out all the stops and give Thomas a taste of something he'd never forget and always desire.

Hiding the disdain I felt for him, I looked up at Thomas with fake lust, "I'll do anything you want, Baby. I'm your little trampy kitty-cat."

Thomas' sharp intake of breath told me he could barely believe what he had just heard, but he did his best to cover up his surprise. "Fuck yeah...get my cock out and suck it. I'm gonna fuck your face with my big fucking cock."

My back was to Amy and Beth, but I could hear Beth's sighs and moans as Amy licked and sucked on the busty brunette's creamy, bald pussy. My own pussy clenched and pulsed as I thought about how good Amy's lips and tongue had to feel on Beth's slick cunt. Slowly, methodically removing Thomas's jeans, I pulled his shorts down and grabbed hold of his hard cock.

"That's it!" He announced in approval. Suck on that big cock, suck on it!"

I thought to myself. "That figures; only a jerk like Thomas would call his own cock big; especially since it wasn't big by any stretch of the imagination." Thomas's "big cock" was under six inches long and not very thick; even Amy would have no problems deep-throating the tool Thomas was so proud of.

Nonetheless, I played it up like a cock-loving whore. "I'm gonna suck your big cock so deep. Make me gag on it. Shove it all the way down my throat and make me gag. Face-fuck your little pussy!"

Pushing my head down, I lapped at the tip of Thomas's hard cock, licking off the drops of pre-cum that had already formed. 

"Mmmmm, Baby!" I gurgled happily, my love of cock overcoming my dislike of the cock's owner. "Tastes so good. Your stuff tastes so good. Feed Kitty some cream. Feed Kitty lots of tasty cream."

Groaning softly, Thomas squirmed in exquisite torture as I slowly, carefully licked and slurped all over his wet cock-head. I laved my wet tongue around and around his purple, swollen prick-tip, looking up at him as I did so. Thomas was having a hard time concentrating. His eyes would meet mine for a few seconds, watching me lap his cock, and then he'd tear his gaze away to watch Amy eating out his moaning, squirming girlfriend a few feet behind me.

"Look at me, Thomas. Don't watch them." I murmured teasingly to the conflicted man. "Look at me sucking your dick. Watch Kathy's lips slide down your hard shaft. Watch me swallow your fucking cock and eat your cum."

As Thomas wrenched his eyes off the cunt-licking behind me, I slowly lowered my mouth over his prick-head. Rolling my eyes up, I kept my stare fixed on the quivering man's eyes as I shoved my mouth down on his swollen prick-shaft. Gagging and drooling, I made a spectacle of forcing his cock down my throat.

"Ngghhh...nggghh....mpphhhhh...smmmpppppcccckkk!" I sputtered and coughed as Thomas's cock-head slid down my velvety soft throat all the way past my tonsils. Long, thick strings of saliva drooled from my widely open mouth as I stopped with just an inch of throbbing cock to go. Gasping and gagging loudly, I pretended his inflated cock was too big to fit down my slender throat. "Gawwkkk...gnhhhuufff....gnhhhuuhh...gannnwwwwckkkkk!"

My eyes rolled back in my head as I resisted the urge to stuff the last bit of Thomas's cock down my cock-starved throat. 

"Unnhhhhhh! Unhhhhh!" Thomas moaned loudly as he stared at my heavily made-up cock-sucking face. "All the way! Please! All the way!"

Tentatively, he pushed down on my blonde head, but the final inch of his wet cock remained stubbornly outside my mouth. As hot drool dripped down his swollen shaft onto his bloated balls, he pushed a little harder, trying to force my head all the way down on his cock. I gagged loudly, my hands flying into the air in protest, as I resisted.

Harder and harder, Thomas pushed on my head, grunting as he tried to hump up of the couch and push his cock down my throat. Finally with a grunt of final surrender, I let Thomas force my blonde head all the way down, and my soft throat collapsed completely around his pulsing fuck-stick. With my swollen lips pressed tight against his cum-clogged balls, I snuffled and coughed softly on his spit-drenched cock-meat. 

"Ohhhhhh!" Thomas grunted contentedly as he held my blonde head firmly in place. "So good! Oh fuck, yes!"

Driving his throbbing cock back in forth in my clenching throat, he wheezed and whined as I sputtered and gagged helplessly. My face was awash in spit and drool; I was sure my made-up cat face would smear and fade under the mask of sticky slobber. Thomas didn't care about my cute cat face though; he just wanted to ream my hot, tight throat with his pulsating cock. He had no idea how easy it was for me to deep-throat his slender cock and my actions certainly led him to believe he was stretching my throat unbearably. I "endured" his assault on my throat for several minutes, gasping and wailing helplessly, my slender arms flailing the air, as he throat-fucked me mercilessly. Finally, with considerable effort and feigned alarm, I pushed against his chest with my hands and wrenched my mouth up of his cock. 

My eyes tearing slightly from his cock having been wedged completely down my throat, I looked at Thomas with pretend reproach and alarm. "Don't do that again!" I whimpered childishly, my pouting face covered with drool and pre-cum, "Your cock's too big for me to take it all like that. Don't jam it all the down my throat!"

As I lowered my head to once again suck on Thomas's throbbing cock, I added in a helpless, girlish whisper. "Be gentle with me. I'm just a little pussy."

Wanting to exact revenge for my past treatment of him, Thomas once again forced my head all the way down on his rigid cock-shaft. Up and down he guided my spit-soaked face, using my hair as a handle, aggressively driving his cock as far down my throat as possible.

Over the loud squelching sound of hard cock spearing into tight throat, I could hear Beth's happy wails as Amy continued to munch on her sticky pussy. Although I could not see Thomas's face any longer, I knew, from his filthy comments, he was watching the hot pussy eating over my shoulder.

"Ohhh! Eat her cunt! Eat that pussy! Oh fuck! Eat that fucking cunt!"

Beth was bleating and grunting loudly. From her telltale sounds, I knew she was on the urge of a huge orgasm. Thomas must have known it too, and it was obvious that my cock sucking and Beth's wails were getting to him. Without warning he, pulled my bobbing blonde head abruptly off his steaming cock.

"Stop! Stop!" He wheezed. "I gotta slow down. I don't wanna cum yet! Not yet! Fuck! Not yet."

"Fine with me," I thought to myself. "I wanna watch anyway."

Turning my head to look over my shoulder, I saw Beth clutching one of her fat titties tightly in each hand as she squirmed her hot, tight ass all over the carpet. Amy was rapidly punching four slender fingers in and out of Beth's sopping wet pussy as she sucked hard on the brunette's swollen clit. For a moment, I was sure Amy was preparing to fist Beth's hot pussy-hole, but Beth's impending orgasm was too close.

"Amyyyy! Ammmmyyyyyyyy!" Beth howled loudly as she came all over the sexy little blonde's soaking wet face. "Oh Baby! Yessss! Yesss! God! Yessss!"

Beth quivered and shook as her body erupted in orgasm. Her howls turned to sharp, high pitched squeals as Amy kept her talented lips locked on to Beth's throbbing clit. I was still grasping Thomas's slender cock in my hand as we watched Beth climax, and I felt his cock shudder in response to his girlfriend's noisy finish.

Turning back to look at Thomas, I tauntingly remarked. "Bet she doesn't cum like that for you. Bet you never heard that slut squeal like that before. Her last boyfriend used to have to fuck her up the ass to make her scream that loud."

Thomas glared at me, the hate clearly recognizable in his eyes, before loudly asking. "Beth, you meant it when you said I could do anything I wanted, right Baby?"

Beth, still panting loudly in post-orgasmic bliss, turned to face us, and smiled brightly at her boyfriend. "Yes, Honey, I meant it...anything."

"Great," I thought to myself. "Prepare to get your ass fucked by this buffoon."

I was in for a surprise, however. Roughly, Thomas pulled my face back onto his cock and sighed heavily as I resumed slurping on his still-damp prick-meat. Casually, he picked up his cell phone from the side table and dialed. 

A few moments later he spoke. "Chris? You're not gonna believe this buddy. Guess who's sucking my cock right this very minute. No...Lt Z. Yep; I got my big ole hog in her cock-sucking little mouth right this second. All dressed and made up like a cute little pussycat. Dude...no really...Dude...I swear. Yeah; she's really sucking on my fucking cock. Listen."

With that, he put the phone down by my face and ordered brusquely, "Let him hear ya. Let him hear you sucking my cock."

Finally! Thomas was showing some balls! Sucking and slurping nosily, I let Thomas's buddy hear the ball-tightening sounds of a well-practiced, eager cocksucker at work.

"Mppphhhhh! Mppphhhh!" I moaned and slobbered nosily around a mouthful of stiff cock-meat. Lemmme...pmmmgg...suck your...uhngng...cock...pmmhhggg! Gib mmmme spuuuuucccllgh...your hard...mppmhhh cock!"

"Ohhh! Fuck!" Thomas grunted, again talking into the telephone. "You need to come over and get some of this, Man! Sure! Now! You know where Beth lives, right? Fountain Apartments...right...Bandera.... about 2 miles from you...# 165. See you in ten, Bro."

That was Thomas's first big mistake of the night. 

Hanging up the phone, Thomas grabbed hold of my hair and forced my face rapidly up and down on his cock. "Suck it, Kathy. I wanna feed you. I'm gonna give you the first one in your mouth. Suck it off! Make it cum!"

As Beth and Amy watched, I relaxed my throat and hungrily swallowed Thomas's cock to the balls. Moaning softly, I let the vibrations from my throat resonate through Thomas's hard cock shaft causing him to groan in delight. Using one small hand, I softly rubbed and caressed his bloated, slobber-covered balls while he prepared to unload in my mouth.

Raising my head off his cock, I looked deep into his eyes and urged in my little-girl voice, "Cum in my mouth! Feed your little Kitty some cream. Feed the Pussy your cream!"

Thomas had no chance and I knew it. Quickly, I popped the leaking head of his dick back in my mouth and sucked hard. Immediately, a squirt of hot cum smacked against the back of my throat, and Thomas groaned in release. Rolling my eyes up at the ejaculating airman, I pushed forward until his cock was wedged all the way down my slick throat. Rolling his jumping balls between my fingers, I relentlessly coaxed every bit of sticky cock-sap from his swollen nuts.

"Agggghh! Agggghhh! Y-y-y-yesssss! Agghhhhhh!" Thomas grunted inarticulately. "Swallow it! Down your throat! Down your throat! Eat it! Eat it!"

Spurt after spurt of thick spunk jetted from Thomas's cock. I could feel his cock pulse and beat angrily against the sides of my clenching throat as it eagerly disgorged its creamy, sticky load. The hot cum slithered down into my belly warming my insides and sending a tingle all the way down to my drooling pussy-hole.

Lifting my head from Thomas's cock, I lightly grasped the satiated man's gooey pussy-splitter in my hand and rubbed it all over my face as I teased him with naughty "kitty-talk." "Meoowwwww... mmmmm...good boy...give kitty hot cream to drink....mmmmmm....now kitty needs a fucking...kitty needs the big man to fuck kitty's naughty little pussy."

I felt a surge of triumph as Thomas shivered and gasped at my play-acting. He had no idea how uninhibited I could be when the mood struck me; he was sure gonna find out tonight, though.
