 The following story is true and took place in approximately 1992. I've changed names and locations for obvious reasons. Readers should also be warned that this story contains sex between three men and one woman. If you are offended by acts between men and creampies then read no farther!

+++++++++++++++++++++++

My wife and I were separated by ten years. At the time of this experience she would have been thirty-four. We were married when she was eighteen and we had three children over the following five years. Following the birth of the last child we decided it wise if I had a vasectomy, then as fate would have it she had to have a hysterectomy. One of the reasons we decided on my getting "fixed" was that after about five years of marriage we found that we both enjoyed "extra curricular activities." 

We were very careful with whom we 'played' with, and today, at fifty-six, I'm still fairly healthy. After twenty years of marriage we agreed (quite amicably I might add) to go our separate ways. She to is still in good health, and we still keep in touch. If you have read any of my other stories you have to agree that I have had a very eventful life. 

We had become acquainted with a couple young guys, Tom and Jack. They were musicians and had played in a number of local bands. We had come to know them as Jack had dated our niece, but even after they broke up the boys kept stopping by our house to just hang out and relax. I say "boys" but they were both of legal age so I should call them "young men." 

Tom had bought some amps and other things from a friend up in New Jersey and wanted to get them, everything was a little large to ship UPS and since Pat and I had an Aerostar van we were sitting one night having a few trips and decided 'road trip!' We knew coming from south Florida that it would take at least twenty-four hours up and back plus the time to get to the coast of Jersey so we figured a long weekend.

Pat and I took Friday and Monday off from work, and got her sister to watch the kids. We left about six on Thursday evening and headed north on I-95. On the trip up we kept trading drivers and drove non-stop. Making such good time surprised us and by ten the following evening (Friday) the van was loaded and we were ready to head back. 

The boys had spent time there so they wanted to take us out for a few drinks. Knowing we wouldn't be going anywhere that night Pat and I got a room with double beds and planned on staying the night. We had a fun time that evening and it was after three when we finally got back to the motel and crashed. By the time we got moving the next day it was damn near eleven, but we decided we'd get on the road and head south. 

Since we were still 'ahead of schedule' Pat and I thought it would be enjoyable to go west and then down along the Blue Ridge Parkway. The guys had never seen the Smoky Mountains and thought that was a great idea. 

Nothing had come close to 'happening' except for the usual joking around and sexual innuendos. We always kidded Jack about his height and dating our niece. Jack and Tom both stood at least six-four and our niece barely broke five feet, so there was a lot of good ribbing about that. The night before when we had partied the guys both crashed in one double bed while Pat and I took the other. I barely remembered after getting in bed that Pat whispered in my ear remarking about how long the boys fingers were.  

The following morning, before we headed out, I was in the bathroom brushing my teeth when Pat came in to get a quick shower. 

"My theory is right." She spoke as she adjusted the water.

"What theory?" Sometimes I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer and besides I was hungover and my brain wasn't comprehending very well.

"My theory of taking a man's middle finger and bending it down across the palm and then measuring it?"

"Oh yeh." Pat's theory was you measured from where the tip of the finger stopped on the palm back to the extended finger tip and you knew the length of a man's cock. Although not always accurate it was pretty close, she had estimated my length and a number of our friends over the years. She estimated mine at almost eight inches and measured my erection and it wasn't far off.

"Last night when we were at the bar I was joking around with the boys." She was standing behind me now and had reached around and pulled my cock out of my boxers. I watched in the mirror as my cock grew while she stroked it. "I told you when we got in bed how long their fingers were and they must be huge!"

I knew where she was going with this conversation and my cock grew to full strength. I smiled at her reflection in the mirror. "Hmmm, then I guess you want to find out, don't you?" Reaching around behind me I slipped my fingers up under her nightie only to find her own fingers were already busy. 

"Ohhh, yes I would..." She squeezed my throbbing cock. "And so would you! You'd love to see them fucking me and filling my cunt so you could eat me out."

Pat knew me only to well as that is truly one of the things I really enjoy. The other part to that was that she found it as exciting as I did. From just the thought of it her finger was now working faster over her clit. She pressed her body close to me and squeezed my throbbing cock. 

"You're going to have...have to wait...for tonight..." Her body shuddered and her hard nipples pressed against my back. "But...I'm cumminggggnowwww... Oh Gawd-d-d-d-d-Jon-n-n-n-n...."

I stood watching her facial expressions as she brought herself off. Slowly she opened her eyes and smiled at me, releasing her grip on my cock. "Do you think they would be interested? It sure would be fun."

I smiled and shrugged. "I don't know, but if it doesn't they sure will hear me fucking you! By tonight I won't be able to keep my hands off you!!" I chuckled. 

She stepped away from me and smiled. "Get yourself dressed and let me in there to brush my teeth." I stepped aside and as I dressed I couldn't help but admire her nakedness. 

For being thirty-four and having had three children she still was quite attractive. Pat stands only about five three with shoulder length strawberry blonde hair that falls to her shoulders; blue sparkling eyes; and a pleasant smile. There were a few stretch marks for bearing children and a slight flare to her hips. But at only about a hundred and twenty pounds she looked great in a pair of jeans or cutoffs. What really caught your eye were her ample, and sensitive, 36D breasts. I had spent many hours participating, and watching, as our friends enjoyed her large nipples and breasts.

I finished getting dressed and slipped out the door. Tom and Jack were awake and were pacing. "Morning guys." I smiled.

"Is Pat almost done?" Tom asked. "I really gotta go!"

"Damn! Me TOO!" Jack rolled his eyes. "Pat hurry up. Please!"

Pat came out still in her robe. "Ok guys. I'm sorry." She laughed as they both headed for the bathroom, with Tom beating Jack. We laughed as he danced outside the door waiting for Tom to finish. 

The guys finished up and then we all waited patiently as everyone took their turn getting cleaned up and dressed. Finally we were just waiting for Pat to finish up and when she came out Jack was the one to give her a wolf whistle. 

She had an old pair of cutoffs on that really accented the curve of her ass. Along with a halter top of dark cotton material and although it hid her dark nipples and areoles there was no mistaking that she was wearing no bra. I winked at her knowing that she was going to spend the day teasing the boys unmercifully. 

We did a quick drive through at the local fast food place and headed out. Going west through Virginia and then into the Smoky Mountains the scenery was magnificent, although the guys spent more time looking at Pat's half naked breasts as she spent a lot of time turning in her seat to talk to them. As the afternoon progressed Pat began slipping in sexual innuendoes as we all chatted, with me adding to it.

About mid afternoon I stopped for gas, we got some snacks and walked around to stretch our legs. The guys were still looking over the souvenirs and Pat and I had walked out to the van. 

"I think I'm having a good effect on the boys." She smiled mischievously. "Jack must wear briefs and Tom wears boxers...and my theory is right."

I raised an eyebrow and looked at her questioningly. "Oh? What makes you say that?" I smiled knowing I didn't have to ask as she was going to tell me. 

"They both have had hardons for most of the afternoon. Jack's cock goes straight up towards his belly but because it's so long it is bent to the side at the waistband of his jeans." She paused to light a cigarette. "I'm sure Tom wears boxers because his prick goes half way down his leg. Damn Jon! I swear I could see the outline of the head in those tight jeans he wears!"

"I've been glancing up in the mirror and have noticed that at first they would nervously steal glances at your breasts, but now they've gotten more open and focus right in on them when you turn in your seat." I smiled. "Of course with those nipples sticking out against your top hasn't helped any." I laughed.

"I wish it was later so we were in the motel. Damn I'd like to see what will happen!" 

"Yeh it is kind of early to stop, but how about if I swing up onto the old Blue Ridge Parkway. It's all two lane, you can't drive fast and there isn't usually much traffic." I smiled and lightly traced around the edge of her lips. "Who knows what might happen..."

She looked up at me as she broke into a big grin. "Oh my gawd Jon! Do you really think..." She licked her lips.

The guys were coming across the parking lot with a couple bags of souvenirs so our conversation ended. We all climbed into the van and as I headed up onto the Parkway they were showing Pat all the stuff they had gotten. We drove along and talked while Pat made sure she kept turning around in her seat allowing them a better view of her breasts. 

"I figure we'll drive along the Parkway until sunset then we'll drop back onto the Interstate and find a motel for the night. How's that sound guys?" I looked back at them in the mirror. 

Tom laughed. "That's ok, but Jack is going to sleep in the chair! He and I sleeping together...we're not gay you know!!" That brought some good natured joking from the back seat as they fought over who would get the bed and who would get the chair. 

Finally they settled down and Pat looked back at them. "Just because you sleep in the same bed doesn't mean you're gay. Don't all guys like to think about two girls sleeping together?" Pat put emphasis on 'sleeping'. "But yet you don't think they are lesbians, right?" She smiled. 

"Well...uh...that's different..." Jack stuttered.

"Yeh, that's every guys dream!" Tom laughed nervously.

"Oh. So it's ok to watch two girls do each other and it turns guys on." Tom and Jack both nodded their heads with big grins on their faces. "But you think it's gay if two guys do it...and you don't think that it would be something that would turn girls on?" 

They both were quiet and seemed to be thinking. Finally Tom spoke up, "Shit! I never thought of it like that, but it just doesn't...you know..." His voice trailed off. 

I picked up on the conversation. "You guys don't think I'm gay do you?"

"Hell no!" Jack's eyes met mine in the mirror. "Not with a wife like this and besides you've got three kids! No fucking way you're gay!"

Pat laughed. "For sure he's not! BUT like me, Jon is bisexual. I like pussy from time to time and I love to see Jon suck a cock when the mood strikes. But that doesn't make me, or Jon, any less of a person."

The look on the boys' faces was a mixture of shock, disbelief and curiosity. There was absolute silence from the back seat. Pat giggled and then she began telling them our 'history'. As I drove she talked softly and, there wasn't a sound from the back seat as they sat and listened intently.

She told them of many of our escapades from over the years. I found myself getting hard listening to her recount the memories, and knew that Tom and Jack had to be having some difficulties too! Her soft voice and the way that she told, in graphic detail, of her with another woman or watching me with another guy or of us involved in threesomes or foursomes was absolutely erotic. 

Finally Jack spoke up. "Those...those things really...I mean actually happened?" 

I nodded and smiled. "Yes they sure have, many times." 

"Damn! I've read things and heard things that stuff like that really happens...but I never thought it was true." 

Pat worked her way between our seats until she was on her knees facing the boys. "Would you like to see how true it really is?" She smiled and with her next statement I knew exactly where her hands were. "Oh they're so big and hard!" I quickly readjusted the mirror and confirmed that she was rubbing the lengths of both cocks through the confines of the boy's jeans. 

"But...but...Jon are you really ok with this..." Tom stammered.

I answered by reaching back and untying the top of Pat's halter top and letting it fall. There were two gasps as it fell, exposing Pat's naked breasts to them. At the same time I watched, and heard, as Pat pulled two zippers down. "Why don't you boys undo your pants and push them down so I can see those beautiful cocks."

Pat leaned back and finished undoing her top and caressed her breasts as there was a rustle of movement as Tom and Jack pushed there pants and underwear down around their ankles. "Jon! I was right! Tom wears boxers and Jack has briefs...and look!"

I actually drove off the edge of the road momentarily when I looked into the rearview mirror! Pat held a cock in each hand. Jack's cock was slim that tapered down to kind of pointed head and was a good ten inches long. Whereas Tom's cock was thick with a prominent crown and wide bulbous purple head, and looked to be longer than Jack's. I would later learn that both boys were just short of ten inches. 

Glancing up at the road I saw some cars approaching and had to concentrate on driving for a few minutes. But from the sounds in the back there was no doubt in my mind that Pat's head was bobbing up and down and her hand was pumping whichever cock she wasn't sucking at the moment. 

I had a short piece of straight road with no traffic so I took a moment to look back. The boys were each caressing a breast and staring as Pat went down on them. She was able to take more of Jack's slim cock than she could Tom's, with his she could only get the head and crown which stretched her lips to the max. Each time she pulled off his cock to take Jack's there was a resounding 'pop', but her two small fists never stopped jacking either shaft. 

I turned back to watching the road with quick glances in the mirror. One thing Pat was good at when sucking cock was to tease and bring you right to the edge without letting climax. There had been many times that she would have me screaming for release and I would feel my balls would burst but yet she would hold me on the edge. 

She had the two boys' right at that point, and they were begging for mercy. My own cock was straining in the confines of my pants and I was extremely uncomfortable. Luckily I passed a sign that showed a roadside picnic area about five hundred yards ahead. I hurried up the road and found that it was unoccupied and set back nicely away from the Parkway. I quickly pulled off and slammed it into 'P'. 

The inside of the van was filled with the sound of the guys moans; Pat sucking and pumping; and the smell of sex. As I slid out from behind the steering wheel I turned the air conditioning up to max and rapidly undid my pants, pushing them down and freeing my blood engorged prick. 

There wasn't much room between the two seats but I managed to reach around and undo Pat's shorts and push them, and her panties, to her knees. I had done her like this in the past as she sucked another guy off, but never when she was doing two guys! 

Her hips were somewhat wedged between the front seats and it was impossible to spread her legs. I positioned my knees on the outside of her legs and holding my cock ran it up and down along her slit. As my cockhead passed the swollen lips to her entrance she pushed back and forced the head of my cock in her wet depths. 

"Ohhhfuck-k-k-k!" Being petite she had always been tight, but now with her legs forced together she was even tighter. As I disappeared into her it felt as if the skin on my cock was being pulled back right off the shaft! "Oh fucking damn!!" 

The boys eyes now darted between watching her suck them and to my cock pumping in and out of her cunt. I glanced up at Jack and from the look of his face I knew, as did Pat, that he couldn't hold back and was going to be the first to explode. By the groans coming from Tom he wasn't going to be far behind. The question flashed through my mind wondering how Pat was going to handle two cocks cumming at the same time. 

Jack gripped the armrest with one hand and reached over and grabbed Tom's shoulder with the other. His hips lifted off the seat then started to buck. Pat's small hand squeezed Tom's cock tightly just below the crown as she took Jack's cock back into her mouth. Her fist was a blur as she sucked and jacked him. 

Jack's eyes grew wide and his mouth opened but no sound came out. Suddenly he screamed, "FUCK YES –S-S-S-S-S!!!" His hips pumped rapidly as he fucked Pat's mouth unloading his cum. "Ohhhhhfuckkyess!!!" 

"Pat! Fuck! Do...me..now-W-W-W!!" Tom also gripped the other armrest and his fingers dug into Jack's shoulder. "I CAN'T-T-T!!" Pat moved quickly but not fast enough. The first load erupted from the thick purple cock head and landed on her cheek before she could get it in her mouth. Her fist now pumped his load and she swallowed continuously trying to take the hot thick load. "OHHHhhhhhhfuckingggghottt-t-t-t-t...." Pat couldn't keep up with the load and cum leaked from the corners of her lips down over her pumping fist. 

I had never witnessed something like this and I felt my balls erupt. Slamming deep into her I gripped her round asscheeks and sent my load deep inside her. "ohhhhh ahhhhh yes-s-s-S-S-S-S..." I held motionless as the first loads erupted, then began fucking her in short hard strokes as my balls filled her tight cunt with the remainder of my load. 

Pat lifted her head and watched, the now semi erect cocks ooze out the remainder of the cum from the two young men. Cum flowed down their cocks and coated her fists. Her tongue moved from one to the other licking and swallowing all she could. 

Completely spent I pulled my flaccid prick out and moved back as much as I could in the confined space. My own creamy load leaked out and dripped down onto her calves. What had just happened was incredible and I looked back at the boys. 

I managed a weak smile. "Well?..."

Jack just shook his head in disbelief. "Like..absolutely unreal...just unreal..."

"No shit dude!! No fucking shit!!" Tom too could only shake his head not believing all that had just happened. 

Pat giggled as she gently continued to lightly lick and stroke the two now soft cocks she held. 

I pulled up my pants. "Maybe we need to find a motel before it gets much later." We had been stopped longer than I had anticipated and it was beginning to get dark. 

I laughed as both boys vigorously nodded their heads as I climbed back behind the wheel and put the van in gear. 

"But honey-y-y I didn't cum yet..." Pat whined playfully as she now sat between Tom and Jack, her blue eyes danced. 

I looked back at her in the rearview mirror and winked. "Then why don't you show the boys how you jack off."

"HUH? WHAT?"

"No WAY!"

They both had looks of astonishment. "You've never seen that?" They shook their heads. "Pat loves being watched." I smiled.
