 In the few months after our orgy in the hotel, Jane and I had used or recollections of that night to have some amazing sex. As we were having sex 4 or 5 times a week I thought that it would be a long time before we did anything like that again, I couldn't have been more wrong...!

One day Jane informed me that we had been invited to a party.

"Anyone I know?" I asked.

"No, just some old school chums of mine," Jane told me.

So, that weekend we headed of to the city for what I thought was a reunion party. 

We arrived at a three-story town house, parked the car and headed up the stairs to an impressive front door. We rang the bell and were greeted by Eric, one of our hosts for the night.

The house was massive and tastefully decorated throughout in a period style. Eric led us to the main sitting room where a gathering of about 60 people were mingling and having drinks.

We got ourselves drinks and stood watching. I thought it a little strange that Jane did not seem to know anyone. I did not have long to wait to find out why.

At the top of the room, Eric stood tapping his glass with a spoon until everyone was silent.

"Hello everyone, most of you know me and my wife Elaine," he said. "I'd like to welcome you all to another gathering of 'The Hardcore City Swingers Club' ."

I was shocked! This was not what I had expected. I looked at Jane and she just smiled a devious little smile at me. 

"Tonight, we have two new guests," continued Eric, "I want you all to meet Sam and Jane." 

At this Eric came over to us and put his arms round our shoulders. There was a chorus of good natured hello's from the rest of the guests. He led us to the top of the room so as all the guests could see us. 

"As you all know there is an initiation ceremony that must be completed before new members can be admitted to the HCS," he continued.

There was a cheer from the guests.

"While you all get ready, I will take Sam and Jane and explain the ceremony," he concluded.

With that he and Elaine led us to a smaller room just off the main room. Here they explained to us there would be four tests for Jane which I would be a part off. The tests were to see if we could cope with being hardcore swingers. The tests would prove that Jane could cope physically with the attention she would receive, and I would not react jealously to it. We were told that there would be a forfeit if we failed the initiation. 

"Do you want to proceed?" Elaine asked 

"Yes," replied Jane before I had time to think

We were told to get undressed, me totally naked and Jane to her underwear, and someone would come to collect us for the start of the ceremony. As I stood naked, I couldn't help admiring Jane. She was wearing all red, stockings and suspender belt, thong and bra. The thong and bra were both lace, and I could see her perfectly tended thatch through the thong and her dark nipples through the bra. I didn't have much time to admire her body before Eric and Elaine came to collect us.

Eric was naked and I could see Jane eyeing his cock which, although flaccid, was hanging long and thick. Elaine was wearing a Basque and thong. She had a great figure and breasts so big they threatened to pour out of the Basque. Watching her move as they led us upstairs I could already feel my cock twitching.

We entered a room on the second floor which was massive and cleared of all furniture. All the male guests were naked with all the females in different types of underwear. I could see Jane licking her lips at the sight of all those swinging dicks but my attention was on the ladies, each one oozing sexual energy. 

"The ceremony is about to begin." Eric announced, "So blindfold the female pledge."

Jane was blindfolded and led to the centre of the floor. Eric then picked 9 of the male guests and stood them beside me. He instructed us each to pick a ball each from a bag Elaine was holding. We did and each ball had a number on it. Elaine told us that the number we picked would be our number for the entire initiation ceremony. I was number 8. 

Eric then lined us up, in numerical order, in front of Jane. He explained that Jane would get on her knees and then starting from number 1 would suck each cock until it was erect. If she could make each cock hard she would have passed the first part of the test. For the second part of the test she had to pick which number had been my cock. If she was correct the initiation would be over, if she was wrong we would proceed to the second test.

Elaine led Jane to the first guy in the line and kneeled her down in front of him while all the other guests looked on excitedly. 

"Start the initiation!" Eric commanded

With that Jane reached forward and found the guys cock with her hand. She gently squeezed his balls and then took his cock into her mouth. Before long she was moving her head back and forward as his shaft grew long and hard in her warm, moist mouth. As she took her head back further we could see he was fully erect, an impressive 8 inch cock standing proud. 

Jane worked her way along the line leaving a trail of erect cocks in her wake. Some long, some short but each one throbbing with lust and glistening with saliva and pre cum. I was almost erect by the time she got to me, as it excited me watching her suck so many cocks. After all ten of us were standing to attention there was a round of applause from the rest of the guests.

"Well pledge Jane, which cock was Sam's?" Eric asked.

"Number 6?" asked Jane

"Incorrect, pledge Jane" Elaine stated. "On to the second test."

For the second test Jane had to take off her bra and sit on a chair with her hands behind her so her breasts were thrust out. The ten of us were paired by numbers, 1 with 2, 3 with 4 and so on until there were 5 pairs. The first pair was placed, kneeling, at either side of Jane. Elaine then informed us that we would all have 30 seconds to stimulate Jane's nipples using only our mouths. Once all the pairs had had their 30 seconds Jane would have to pick which pair contained me. That pair would have a further 30 seconds to suck on Jane's nipples and she would have to pick which one of the two was me. 

"Start the initiation!" Eric commanded again.

Numbers 1 and 2 immediately began sucking and licking Jane's nipples. I could tell by her gasps that she was enjoying the attention. The first 30 seconds passed and as the second pair knelt down I could see that Jane's nipples were rock hard. She seemed to enjoy each pair more and more and by the time all the pairs had finished her nipples were hard and deep red with excitement.

"Which pair contained Sam, pledge Jane?" asked Elaine.

"Pair 4!" Jane replied confidently.

"Very good pledge Jane," Eric said. "Will pair 4 please step forward?"

I stepped forward with my partner, sure the initiation was nearly over. I knelt on Jane's left, my partner on her right and I sucked for all I was worth. Jane was groaning with pleasure but all too soon for her, the 30 seconds were up. Her nipples looked so hard and inflamed I thought they might burst, she was obviously turned on and between her open legs I could see her pussy was moist.

"Well pledge Jane, left or right, which one was Sam?" asked Elaine.

"Right," stated Jane.

"Incorrect pledge Jane," Eric stated. "On to the third test."

As we were lined up in front of Jane again I was stunned, I was sure she would have picked me. 

For the third test, Jane had to take off her thong and was placed on the floor, lying on her back, with her legs open.

Eric explained that all ten of us would have 1 minute each to lick Jane's pussy. Once we had finished, Jane would have to pick which one was me. This I felt really confident in, as Jane loves me licking her pussy . She has had me do it in all sorts of places (both public and private) in the time I have known her so my tongue would be well known to her.

"Start the initiation!" Eric commanded again.

Jane started to groan almost immediately the first guy's tongue touched her clit. As he worked her pussy lips and clit she was positively panting. As each guy had his turn I could tell by her breathing and body movements that she was on the edge of orgasm but was making sure she held it in check.

She has always loved to ride the wave for as long as she could before crashing into climax.

When it got to my turn she was squirming with delight. Her clit was swollen and red and her pussy was running with here own juices. By the time the last guy finished, Jane's body was covered in sweat. Little rivers of it were running down her heaving breasts following the beautiful contours of her body and gathering in her belly button. Overflowing from there, the rivers continued their journey either running to the floor or being trapped in her hairy pubic mound.

As she stood up there was a dark, sweat stain in the carpet.

"Well which tongue was Sam's?" asked Eric.

"Number 3?" asked Jane.

"Incorrect, pledge Jane," Elaine stated. "On to the forth and final test."

For the forth test Jane had to stand in the middle of the floor with her legs slightly apart. She looked fantastic with only stockings and suspenders on. We were lined up so as she was side on to us. 

Elaine explained that each guy would have 30 seconds to rub Jane's clit and pussy lips using only his cock, no penetration was allowed. Jane had to guess which cock was mine or we would face the forfeit, which Elaine called the "Wagon Wheel".

"Start the initiation!" Eric commanded again.

Number 1 stood face to face with Jane and slowly slid his throbbing manhood between her legs. Jane was smiling, enjoying the feel of that thick cock on her clit. I could see the bulbous head of his cock appearing below her ass cheeks as he slowly rocked his hips back and forth. As each 30 seconds passed a new cock massaged my wife's pussy. Some protruded 2 or more inches behind her, as they pressed their shafts firmly on her lips, some did not protrude at all. By the way she was biting her bottom lip I could tell she enjoyed every one of them. As the last guy finished I looked down the line and could see every cock was hard and wet with my wife's juices. Jane was standing with her pussy dripping, wetting the inside of her thighs. I thought I could see her legs quivering. I do believe she was going weak at the knees with excitement.

"This is the most important choice of the night, pledge Jane," Elaine began. "To avoid the 'Wagon Wheel' you must chose the correct cock!"

"Oh it's so hard," Jane started and giggled as she continued, "well they all were really...."

"You must make your choice, pledge Jane," repeated Elaine,

"Was it number 5?" asked Jane,

"Incorrect, pledge Jane," Eric stated. "Prepare for the "Wagon Wheel."

With that Elaine led Jane from the room and Eric placed me at the centre. At my feet, he got the other 9 guys to lie on their backs with their heads at my feet. Starting from the guy directly below and in front of me, going clockwise, the cocks got steadily longer and thicker. He told me I was the axle and the guys were the spokes.

Jane was led in with no blindfold this time. She was wearing only stilettos and a cowboy hat. Her long, toned legs looked incredible, the stilettos helping emphasize the outline of her calves and thighs. Her breasts bobbed gently as she walked, her nipples erect and on fire. As she was led past me I could see her perfect ass, round and firm, swaying gentle and seductively as she walked. She tipped the front of the cowboy hat with one finger and winked at me as she passed. 

Once we were all in position, Eric and Elaine explained the forfeit. Jane would fuck all the spokes in the "Wagon Wheel", starting with the smallest cock and finishing with the largest. She would have to make each cock cum before moving on to the next. I would have to turn and face her as she fucked each guy in turn. After each guy had cum inside her she would have to "Grease the axle". This would entail gathering some of the cum from her pussy with her hand and then, using it as lubricant, toss me off until I came. As the explanation ended the rest of the guests started to chant.

"Wagon Wheel ", "Wagon Wheel," they called.

"Start the forfeit," Eric and Elaine shouted in unison. 

With that Jane straddled the first guy and looking directly into my eyes, slid her soaking pussy over his swollen organ. As she grinded her hips, he bucked and came inside her. She looked disappointed it was over so quick, but I couldn't blame the guy as we were all horny enough to burst by this time. She moved onto the next cock, and as I turned slightly to still face her I could see her looking round the "Wagon Wheel" wantonly at the bigger and bigger cocks. She fucked the first 6 guys just as quickly, leaving a trail of spent cocks in her wake. The 7th cock was a different story though. It must have been 8 inches long and as thick as Jane's wrist. She looked at it longingly and slowly inch by inch she let her pussy swallow it. I thought that she was being careful as it was so big, but the look on her face told me she was just enjoying every glorious inch. 

It had taken her just 8 minutes to milk the first 6 cocks. It took her over 30 minutes to finish the last 3. Not because they were any less turned on, she just slowly enjoyed every inch of those monsters stretching her pussy. The last cock was a 10 inch beast as thick as my wrist. The head was an angry purple colour and shone with pre cum. The thick veins on the long shaft seemed to pulse as blood coursed through them, maintaining this monster erection. Jane squirmed and groaned, taking the whole thing, fucking it hard until at the moment it came, she allowed herself to cum too. She must have needed it. She nearly gave herself whiplash as she flung her head back and screamed as an almighty orgasm wracked her body. She sat in front of me, head down, panting and I could see sweat rolling down her body. My cock was fit to burst.

"Grease the axle", "Grease the axle," the guests roared.

Jane put her hand between her legs and brought it out covered in a collection of the 9 guys cum. With her face in front of my cock she slowly started tossing me with her cum-covered hand. As she tightly gripped my aching member, I could see cum oozing between her fingers and dripping to the floor. I came almost at once, shooting wave after wave of cum into Jane's face, until I was spent and her face was dripping with my juices. There were cheers and applause from all the guests.

"Welcome to 'The Hardcore City Swingers," they all shouted.

After the forfeit we were allowed to watch all the other guests fuck but we were told we could not join in until our second visit. The fuck fest went on until just after midnight when everyone said their good-bye's and left. We had quite a few compliments on our performance and a lot of people wanting us to join them for fun in the future. We thanked our hosts and then got in the car to go home.

On the drive home, Jane turned to look at me as I had not said a word since we left the city. 

"You are awfully quite Sam." 

"It's nothing."

"Come on I know you, what's up?"

"I just thought you would have been able to tell which one was me in the initiation."

"Off course I could tell which one was you, I was just enjoying myself."

With that, I pulled the car into a lay-by, got out and stood in front of the car to clear my head. It was raining and the cool water helped calm me down. Jane got out and stood facing me in front of the headlights. She was wearing stilettos, a short skirt, a thong and thin blouse, she had not replaced her bra since the party. The rain soon made her blouse transparent as it clung to her breasts, the coldness making her nipples erect.

"We did go to enjoy ourselves, didn't we Sam?"

"Yes, but one of us seemed to get more enjoyment than the other!"

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You figure it out."

"Oh I see, you didn't get fucked, that's what this is all about."

At that she turned around , bent forward and placed her hands on the hood of the car.

"Go ahead bad boy, fuck me! Right here, right now."

Looking at her, I couldn't resist. I walked up behind her, lifted her skirt, ripped her thong off and slammed my already hard cock deep into her still wet pussy. Ignoring the rain and the toots of the horns, as cars passed us and saw what we were up to, I pounded my cock into her until we both came.

We ended up on the hood of the car, kissing passionately in the moonlit falling rain.