 A great party. Yes, one of the best we'd been to. It was the company's annual Christmas "do", held in one of the best nightclubs in the city.

By midnight, pretty well everyone was fairly sloshed and up on the dance floor giving it their best-especially my Julia. Actually, it was her company's party. She works in the publicity department and is, by all accounts, a very creative lady. I'd have to confess, she's pretty creative in the bedroom as well. We do have a wonderful sex life you know. We love being naked, we are in fact naturists, and that led me to think for a second about our bedroom.

On the side cabinet we have a gorgeous photo of Julia in the nude, smiling so happily: it's not a sex picture but it's definitely my favourite. We also have two other photos; one of Julia in a camisole just giving a peek of her lovely nipples and one of the two of us cuddling naked for the camera, my cock beginning to show signs of an erection.

By the side of the bed there's Julia's big pink vibrator; we have lots of fun with that! What else? Well there's edible body paint, another smaller vibrator, massage oil, handcuffs, sexy six-inch high heeled pole dancer platform shoes, our video camera with our sex videos, we do like making our own porno movies and our sex box which contains all Julia's dressing-up underwear. As you can see, I'm a very lucky man!

We danced until nearly 2.30 when, at last the party began to break up. We had got our coats and our taxi was waiting for us when Nicole, one of Julia's best friends, weaved her way up to us, swaying on her bare feet, dancing shoes in hand. Nicole was a lovely woman, in her 40's, curvy with a pretty face, long black hair and a sweet smile. However, she had divorced a year ago and had not found a man since.

"'Scuse me," she giggled, " but you couldn't do me a really, really big favour please?"

Julia, who would always help anyone in need, said, "Sure. What can we do?"

"Well you can guess I haven't pulled tonight. Gary was supposed to be taking me home and he's bloody well gone off with that tart Elaine. I'm too pissed to risk getting a taxi by myself so, and it's a big favour, could I stay with you tonight?"

Of course Julia was also fairly well gone, and of course, being the generous girl she is, said yes. 

The taxi journey only took about 20 minutes and by three o'clock we were home. All through the journey, Julia and Nicole were giggling at some of the silly things that had gone on that evening and they were still pretty euphoric when we entered the living room.

"Oh," said Julia, "what a mess!"

"Don't worry," I said. "Relax. Lets have a nightcap."

The girls, still giggling, agreed so I went to the kitchen to fix the drinks. As I was doing this I heard Nicole say, "Oh Julia. How lovely." How lovely I thought, whats so lovely?

I returned, without the drinks, to see Nicole and Julia leafing through one of our many naturist magazines: Julia and I keep them in our living room; we're not ashamed of being nudists, it's lovely to be naked.

"Oh I'd love to be a naturist," said Nicole. "How lovely just to be natural, be naked."

Well of course, we both enthusiastically agreed. Julia told her of our love of naturism, our visits to nudist resorts and of how I would make her nudist tea on weekends. 

"Nudist tea? What's that?" asked Nicole.

"Well, on Saturday mornings, Martin gets up naked, naturally, and goes to the kitchen to make us a cup of tea, no matter how cold it is. But what he really likes is getting back into the warm bed and snuggling up again."

"And then what?" asked Nicole.

"We have rampant randy sex!" Julia laughed.

"Well, if you want to be naked now you can" said Nicole. "I don't mind. As I said, I wish I had the chance to be a naturist."

"Well you could," said Julia. "If we get undressed you can also get undressed. Then you'll be a naturist."

"Oh, I'd love to," said Nicole, "as long as you don't mind."

"We don't mind do we Martin," replied Julia, making my decision for me!

I could hardly believe my ears. I'm sure it was the drink making these girls so adventurous. My mind began to imagine all sorts of things. Especially threesomes. Let me explain.

Julia and I often tell each other really graphic porno stories as part of our sex life. We also quite freely discuss our fantasies and one of mine is to have a threesome with Julia and one of her friends, with a bit of lezzie action thrown in as well. Julia is not shocked by this: she knows men! Anyway she's told me more than once that a threesome would be great, she'd love it: her, me and another guy! Fantasies. But was mine about to become reality?

Julia interrupted me from my erotic thoughts with: "Go and get the drinks, Martin. The nudist drinks."

"Well you girls undress then. I expect you both to be naked by the time I get back."

"And you get your clothes off as well," ordered Julia.

I went back to the kitchen and finished pouring the drinks then I began to undress but already I knew this might pose some embarrassment. My cock had now become very hard and stiff and wet. All through the previous conversation I had felt my cock growing; getting bigger and wetter despite the amount of drink I'd consumed. I stood there in the kitchen, stark naked, drinks in hand, with a huge stiff cock.

"Come on Martin. Out with those drinks," laughed Julia.

"I can't," I shouted back.

"Why not."

"Cos I've got the mother of all stiffies."

"That's OK. I'm sure Nicole won't mind. Do you mind Nicole?"

"No, not at all."

"Come on then. Big boy."

I walked out into the living room, my cock proudly erect, if the girls didn't mind then I certainly didn't. I actually like my cock; it's not over-big, about six inches when excited, and it certainly was at this moment! I handed the two naked girls their drinks. Boy did they look beautiful! Julia has such a gorgeous, smiling face and such fabulous tits. Nicole was also amazingly pretty with smaller, perkier tits with hard brown nipples. I must admit that I looked surreptitiously at their cunts for signs of excitement: there was a little mark on the settee beneath Nicole's cunt. Was it cum?

I sat down between the two girls; they had made a space between them. I felt so turned on by the simple feel of their skin touching mine.

"Hm," said Julia,"and what are we going to do about this?" She had begun to lightly stroke my cock with the backs of her fingers. I noticed Nicole staring intently at my cock, her tongue licking her lips unconsciously.

"We?" I questioned.

"Go on." Julia teased me. "I know it's your fantasy to have two girls together. Now you've got the chance."

"Yes, but it's only a fantasy. I love you. What about you?"

"It's OK. I'm sure we'll all enjoy it, won't we."

She looked at Nicole who could only just about manage to breathe her assent.

"OK, I'm not going to argue. But you have your fantasy as well. What about you?"

"That's true but don't worry about that. We'll deal with that another time. Let's concentrate on you, baby. Don't be shy Nicole, stroke his cock."

"Oh can I?"

"Yes, go on," I whispered.

Nicole took me in her hand and began to gently stroke my cock up and down with her slightly warm fingers. It was so exciting, the first time ever I would have sex with two girls. My cock stiffened even further. I kissed Julia slowly and deeply and began to stroke her nipples very lightly. They were very hard; it seemed as if she was as turned on as I was! Then Julia broke off from the kissing and knelt on the floor. Whilst Nicole was stroking me, Julia began to kiss and lick my cock with her wet tongue.

"Come and join me," she urged Nicole who wasted no time in obeying the instruction.

In seconds I felt the pure joy of having two girls licking my cock, one on either side of my rigid tool, each lapping at the precum which was freely streaming from it. They licked slowly and sexily from the base of my cock to the head, then each girl in turn, sucking me, taking my cock fully into one mouth then another. I was gyrating with a huge surge of excitement; I would surely cum if they kept this up for much longer. Then, suddenly, in unrestrained excitement, their lips met and they began to kiss each other, with real passion.

Boy was I turned on! I had told Julia previonsly how I'd love to see her in some lesbian action, but she had always said "no way"; she could admire other women but had never had sex with any girl. And now, here she was, passionately kissing this other woman. I was so turned on and so close to cumming.

"That's beautiful!" was all I could say.

Julia broke the spell: " Come on babe, we need your cock inside both of us. Fuck Nicole first. That's an order. Take her over the settee."

What could I do but obey? I raised Nicole from the sette and kissed her sexily on the lips. She responded hungrily with her mouth, out tongues inter-twining passionately. Then I led her to the arm rest and she bent over it presenting me with her sexy arse. I could see clearly her cunt was soaked with girl juice which was running slowly down the the inner sides of her legs. I placed my hands on her arse and gently spread her bum cheeks to reveal her pretty little anus. Then slowly, I began to insert my cock into her waiting cunt. Slow strokes at first, then a little faster and a little more faster still.

Julia was watching us, enraptured at the sight, breathing excitedly and squeezing and pushing my arse to help me as I thrust my cock into Nicole. Julia was urging me excitedly to fuck Nicole, fuck her with my big sexy cock. I'm sure she was as turned on by the whole experience as I was. All Nicole could manage was "My God. It's wonderful. Don't stop. Don't stop."

Suddenly, as if on impulse, Julia moved from me and went and lay down on the settee. She opened her legs and displayed her soaking fanny to Nicole. Julia has such a pretty fanny; her sex lips are perfect, so neat, and fringed with golden brown pubic hair, although at this moment, they were decidedly matted with her girl cum. She hutched closer and closer to Nicole, teasing her with her wet cunt. It was too much to resist. Nicole eased forward with my cock inside her and began to greedily lick Julia's pussy. Firstly, she tongued her sex lips then lapped at Julia's clit. Julia was in ecstacy, writhing her hips, moaning, gasping, her breathing rapid and shallow.

"Lick me. Lick me. It's wonderful. I never knew it could be like this. Lick me."

Nicole was most certainly enjoying my Julia's cunt: "You're so beautiful. What a gorgeous pussy! You taste so wonderful! And I've got Martin's lovely cock inside me, fucking me. I've gone to girly heaven"

I was almost at my limit. My cock drilled faster and faster into Nicole's wet cunt and just as I came, Julia came too. On the very point of ejaculation, I pulled my cock out of Nicole's cunt and fired my cum over her back, her hair, her arse, with a good amount flying on to Julia's face and tits smothering them with my love cream.

Not that Julia noticed; she was too busy cumming herself.

A huge series of orgasms erupted within her, one after the other, her body convulsing with sexual joy and satisfaction. I looked at her beautiful cunt oozing out her female cum: Nicole was drinking it in, imbibing it with her pink tongue. I wanted to taste my girl's beautiful cum as well but at this point, it only seemed fair to let Nicole enjoy it all. Amazing! 

But Nicole hadn't cum and that wasn't fair. I gave Nicole a little snog which allowed me to taste my wife's cum juice in her mouth, then Julia and I quickly manouvered her back to the settee and opened her legs wide to reveal her sweet pussy, desperate for that final bit of attention.

We kicked her greedily, first me then Julia. Her cunt tasted delicious and I so enjoyed her tangy girl juice; mind you, Julia's cunt does have the world's best taste in my opinion, but this was a close second. As we licked her, our hands roamed up and down her legs. At one point, Julia and I gave each other a truly sloppy wet kiss, our eyes shining in mutual gratification but quickly turned our attention to our little friend Nicole again. Julia licked her, savouring her juices, whilst I sucked ravenously on her sexy little toes. 

Then, at last, she came too, gasping with huge satisfaction as Julia's tongue brought forth pumping streams of girly cum from her pulsating fanny, with huge shuddering orgasms wracking her body, lost in her own orgasmic world. What a moment!

The three of us lay sprawled on the couch, totally sated, totally drained. The room smelled of the pungent aroma of cum; there'd certainly be lots of stains to clear up in the morning!

Eventually, we went to bed all three of us, me in the middle, my two lovers either side of me. Yes, we did fuck again the next day, and lovely it was too. Later I asked Julia how she felt about it all.

"Well," she smiled, "I knew it was going to happen. You see I'd been speaking to Nicole earlier on during the party. She was quite emotional even then and she told me that since her divorce she hadn't met a single man who would satisfy her need for sex. She was quite open about it. She said she was desperate for cock but all the best guys were married, like you. Well, I knew of your fantasy and because I get a little silly when I'm pissed, we hatched a plan to bring her back to ours. I told her about our love of naturism and that seemed a good way of getting things moving. And it did didn't it you naughty boy." I answered that indeed it did but what about the lesbian sex. Julia agreed that it was not planned but the events of the evening simply took over. 

"I just felt so horny," she said, "and being in that situation just made me want to try it. You know me, I'll give most things a go and I can certainly say I enjoyed it. I knew Nicole had once tried lesbian sex and she said it was nice but not as good as with a man. Anyway you enjoyed it, didn't you darling but don't worry, I'm not about to turn into a full time lesbo girl."

She smiled at me and we kissed lovingly. Then she set off for work. Reaching the door to say goodbye, she turned, smiled naughtily at me and said; "And don't forget, maybe MY fantasy might come true one day .."