 To tell the truth, I would've been shattered by this time in the morning normally – I certainly wasn't a student anymore! It was past 2am and the five of us; the lovely Yannah, big boy Chrysler, chick with an attitude Fin, bloke in a dress 'Anne' and myself were sitting in an all night pizza joint somewhere near the Southampton seafront having bid the club farewell half an hour earlier. I was still on a high from all the sex I'd had with strangers in the club that night (not a usual occurrence for me at all!) and the fact that the fairest of them all, my gorgeous smooth skinned hourglass shaped Indian Yannah (who's delightfully dainty hand was currently residing in my crotch under the table while we shared a menu) had stayed with me and was planning on coming back for even more. I occasionally stole a look at the menu when I wasn't drowning in the eternity of her deep, dark eyes. 

Chrysler had a menu all to himself while from the look on 'her' face Fin had found and was obviously having fun with the tool I'd met earlier in 'Anne's' nylon panties. The perplexed look on her face was hilarious. I wondered how 'Anne' was enjoying the needle sharp nails that Chrysler had told me Fin knew how to use on a man's instrumentation. Eventually we got around to ordering a mountain of garlic bread, cheese, spaghetti sauce and a pizza that would probably be big enough to feed the Sudan. 

There were 3 other couples and a rowdy bunch of pissed-up lads in the place. Since we'd all had some action already that night in the club, dirty talk came naturally in hushed whispers and childish giggles. It got around, of course, to the most inappropriate place you'd had or administered a blow job. 

We laughed, gasped, and on occasion said "bullshit" to the increasingly taller tales. 

"Anybody ever done it under the table of a pizza parlour while they cook your food?" asked 'Anne' the gothic transvestite who was still a bit upset no-one had believed 'her' story about swallowing a 16-year-old virgin's messy cum from his first ever blow job; 10 minutes before unloading in his scared and surprised mouth (despite the fact he was 'straight, but I'll try it just this once') in a church store-room right after Sunday School. 

"You wouldn't!" challenged Chrysler. "The shit'll be here in like 10 minutes!"

'Anne' didn't answer, 'she' just smiled broadly and evilly with her jet black lips and in the blink of an eye slinked under the table to whoops and claps from all of us, except Chrysler who stared dumbfoundly ahead a moment before gritting his teeth and letting out a big

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH... " as his flies were undone for him and 'Anne' started to do what 'she' did so damn well. 

I more than the 2 girls (well obviously) knew just what his blacksnake was about to go through. Not only did the TV give a top rate no-holds-barred-head-job, but the tongue stud 'she' wore made an awful lot of difference. Chysler slapped his hand hard down on the table and failed not to let out a few more "ARGH'S" as 'Anne' went at him. I smiled secretly to myself while I held Yannah's hand in mine on my knee knowing that I had already had both sides of the show under my belt : I knew exactly what 'Anne' was enjoying by having Chrysler's lovely black 8 ½" monster was in 'her' mouth, I also knew exactly what fantastic sensations Chrysler's orgasm was being brought on by with 'Anne's' mouth at work on his cock. I'd also fed Chrysler my cock and had the transvestite taste of 'Anne' in my mouth too. 

Chrysler gritted his teeth as beads of sweat burst through his shiny forehead and took a fistful of tablecloth as the tortuous pain and unrivalled pleasure of the pierced tongue worked hard on his most erogenous zone; trying to act as cool as he could as the Puerto Rican waiter with 5 days stubble brought out the garlic bread, spag' sauce and cheese. 

"Your friend?" he asked in accented English, pointing to the empty space 'Anne' was sitting at before 'she' shattered all of our doubts about 'her' exhibitionism. 

"Oh, no problem mate. She's... errr... gone to the khazi. " I explained. "Too much beer!" I added with a stupid grin and drinking motion. 

"Your friend?" he pointed at Chysler, who was continuing to shudder, squeal and fidget uncomfortably but doubtless in ecstasy. "OK?"

"Oh yea! He's cool. He just needs to go to bed" I offered lamely, trying not to giggle even as Yannah and Fin tittered girlishly. 

"OK. " He said with don't-give-a-damn look. "Enjoy, my friends. " equally half-heartedly. 

We certainly were drawing looks from the others in the restaurant, who either wanted to know what was going on, or had figured it out and were trying to give the eye to Fin or Yannah. One girl slapped the boy she was with, which made me burst out laughing and got me a look that could kill from little-Miss-Prim-n-Proper. 

"You want some sauce on that?" Fin asked below the table, and we all pissed ourselves giggling again, apart from Chrysler. 

He instead let out an almighty roar as his body bolted and jolted as his climax came after 5 minutes of 'Anne' giving it 'her' best under the table. MmmmmmMmmmMmmMMMMmmm... I envied the man, cumming in 'Anne's' mouth earlier that evening had been thoroughly enjoyable for me and I knew how big a smile Chrysler would be wearing as soon as he had collected himself. 

'Anne' slid back into 'her' chair and on the table, speechless, with lips pursed into a big smile. We all started cheering, except once again for Chrysler who quietly accepted my extended hand of congratulations. 'Anne', as if 'she' weren't already man of the hour, gave us all another surprise and earned another huge whoop of pride when she grabbed Fin's face with both hands and thrust 'her' mouth onto hers. 

From the sudden struggle Fin put up for exactly one second and the wide-eyed look on her face told us that Chrysler's thick gooey spunk was trading mouths. Yannah squealed beside me, either in pleasure or disbelief at the filth her bi/lesbian lover was partaking in with the cross-dresser. I thought it was a shame that Fin had already blown Chrysler back at the club and probably had a good idea what that hot love tasted like, and wasn't getting this opportunity to eat my cum. 

I wondered how tough and militant she would look and act with a gobful of that and me wanking a few last splashes over her face. And of course, she didn't half make me horny with her unbelievably fit body... imagine doing it with a chick who's stronger, tougher, and faster than you; WOW. 

I made a mental note to make sure I came in her mouth as soon as possible, either tonight if we ended up having a proper orgy or the next day at the Swingers' Club when we would be sure to do so if that all went to plan. After a minute of frenzied and messy open-mouthed-cum-kissing 'Anne' and Fin released each other. 

'Anne' still held the bigger grin, and we could all see 'her' proudly-cum-stained tongue. Fin looked bewildered for a second (a facial expression I thought looked very out of place with her facial piercings and general tired don't-fuck-with-me-I'm-a-chick-with-an-attitude thing) and then drew a gasp then applause from us all when she gulped... like a cartoon swallow; then licked her lips. WOW OH WOW!!!

I saw for the first time she had a pierced tongue as well... but a small gold pyramid shaped stud above and beneath rather than the silver bar that 'Anne' sported. FUCK. I bet that's a fantastic blow job to get! And no wonder Yannah is bi/lesbian... I'll bet once you've had an oral orgasmotron like that dive into your snatch no man can ever compare. I prided myself on how hard I'd made Yannah cum with when I went down on her back in the club despite this thought. 

Chrysler was eventually coming back to his senses and smiling very sheepishly by the time our sweaty Puerto-Rican friend turned up with the pizza, finding the munchies untouched. 

"You no like?" he asked, motioning the table. 

"Everything's fine thank you. " Yannah ventured with a sweet smile, as if the debauchery had never happened in the man's restaurant. 

"OK. You like my pizza, 'uh? Enjoy. "

We did dig into the garlic bread, dunking it into now lukewarm spaghetti sauce and got through about a third of the seriously average pizza and got a cab back to Chrysler's flat. Once again our host sat up front with the driver, but this time Yannah played tonsil tennis with Fin on the way back; and I had an uncomfortably enjoyable hard-on brought on not only by watching the show but also by 'Anne' refusing to keep 'her' hand out of my pocket and tickling me through the thin material. 

It was a battle for the bathroom as we tripped over each other trying to make it for a piss before the next person when we got back to Chrysler's flat. Eventually when all that was done and no one had wet themselves, we made it to the king-size bed in Chrysler's bedroom, bypassing completely the sofa where Chrysler had fucked me senseless hours before, and where we had sucked each other off and watched porno's the week before. The sofa where I tasted my first black cock and lost my anal virginity to the same hard rod that same week before. The sofa where I'd taken my bisexuality to the next step at last, only 1 week before. And now, that loyal sofa was giving way to the king-size in the bedroom, with the quilt flung to the floor and clothes going the same way from 4 other bodies. 

I wondered, what would Rena, Chrysler's elusive Swiss girlfriend do if she walked in right now, finding him in bed with 2 girls, a guy and a transvestite? I personally hoped she'd join us, evening up girls bits and guys bits. Then the random thought was suddenly forgotten. 

"At last!" my eyes shone with glee as I undressed, ready to take my bisexuality to the final stage, my most oft-dreamed fantasy, to go every which way, to fornicate shamelessly and endlessly all night long with hard-core lovers of both sexes. To give and take, to suck and get sucked, to fuck and get fucked, to lick and be licked, to kiss and be kissed, to share a body with another, or have mine shared by 2 or 3 others, to cum time and again, to satisfy and be satisfied as I saw and felt others cum with me, near me, on me, in me and all around me. To choose vagina or penis or mouth or breast or ass, and have them choose me, all night long. 

Yannah and 'Anne' had both stripped down to their lingerie, to the delight of the rest of us. Yannah looked heavenly with the white stockings, suspenders, hose, panties, and bra contrasting with her dark and silky smooth skin. 'Anne' looked both hilarious and raw and sexual with her cream coloured white nylon panties with the rather substantial hard-on showing and black fishnet stockings and suspender belt against 'her' deathly pale skin, matching 'her' pure black lip gloss and fingernails. 'She' had a tattoo of a flaming demonic skull over one half of 'her' chest which matched her goth getup perfectly. Fin had stripped to nothing, and her snatch was shaved and obviously damp as she clambered to get her hands all over Chrysler's dark and muscular frame. He, like me, was down to silk boxer shorts failing to hide his hard-on. 

I was rolling side to side locked at the mouth with Yannah, our hands in each others' underwear, while 'Anne' was helping Fin to release Chrysler. The lucky bastard had both their mouths on his 8 ½" warrior and groaned with the pleasure as they fought over his balls and shaft and head, the occasional audible click coming from the tongue studs impacting. 'Anne' wasted no time in pushing 2 fingers into his ass making him gasp with pain... the man as I knew was a giver rather than a taker. 

Suddenly Fin changed the flow when she stopped playing with Chrysler's cock and grabbed 'Anne' beneath the arms and bodily picked 'her' up and threw 'her' into the center of the bed, then pushed 'her' to stay down with a hand dead centre in the chest. The girl certainly was more than a bit 'ard. She grasped the thing in 'her' panties roughly and smiled the naughty smile down at her chosen conquest. 

"I've never been fucked by a 'girl' before. " she said, then "Make it good, bitch" in more of a hiss. Ouch... dominance... asking for trouble... 

I looked on impressed at how in control Fin was with the cock she desired, pinning its owner to the bed by the wrists with one arm, muscles taught and meaning business as the other hand released the proud 7" from its nylon prison and she sat slowly down on it. 'Anne' gasped with pleasure at I presumed the tightness and wetness of the lover atop 'her'; and indeed Fin's pretty face held a look of controlled emotion as she allowed herself to be penetrated, slowly slipping down the shaft. 

I looked on, still fondling Yannah's dark mysteries and staining her panties as she kissed my chest and played with my cock. I followed Chrysler's lead and lost my boxers. I stared in slow motion as he took ahold of Yannah's head and offered her his salty-seeping nob, and she licked her lips and took it. I heard his loud groan of pleasure as his pre-cum was wiped away by a flick of her tongue and she kissed his head, before licking it thickly and wetly, and then taking it into her mouth. Man, I knew how good that was! Bastard! My girl was sucking his cock right in front of me and he loved it! (So did I, though) I unclipped her bra and for the first time cupped the naked flesh of her big brown bosom in my hand and kissed a dark nipple. It tasted wonderful, and fingers still working magic between her legs, I started to suck on the lovely little button, which was hard with her sexual excitement. 

Fin's squeals and 'Anne's' grunts of pleasure as the two fucked harder and harder only turned on the other 3 of us more, and Yannah stopped sucking on Chrysler for a moment before beckoning me up onto my knees so she could take my rock hard 6 ½" into her magical mouth. It was my turn to sigh loudly, the girl did wonders to my cock with the roof of her mouth as she slurped beneath my tender head with her lovely fat tongue. Chrysler and I played with a breast each and occasionally each other's nipples as she chopped and changed between my white and his black cock, all the time pumping both our shafts with never-tiring wrists. 

I eventually left her to blow Chrysler full time as I moved between her legs, pulled her now very stained frilly whites to one side and dove into her plane of pleasure with my tongue, and once again had the finest tasting, most well groomed pussy I had ever come across in all my adventures at my will. I kissed teasingly around her upper thighs, flecking my tongue out to her labia, licking gingerly around and around the center of her pussy, always teasingly avoiding the path to her orgasm, the clearway to her clitoris. I felt a sharp pain and my cock surged a little harder as my ass was suddenly penetrated my 2 sharp fingers, with no prior lubrication. 

"God!" I gasped. It hurt like hell while also blasting my G-Spot to another planet. I didn't have to look around to know those savage fingers belonged to Fin, who seemed to want a physical outlet for the ecstasy that 'Anne' was pumping into her from below. Fin was screaming with every thrust of the cross-dresser's cock which amazingly wasn't being strangled by the panties which had been pulled down only over the shaft, just barely freeing it for action. 

I thrust my tongue deep into Yannah's cunny as Fin frigged my ass mercilessly as she in turn slammed herself up and down on 'Anne'. I grunted and gasped and even yelped a couple of times at the sudden anal'... I was after all still a little sore from getting butt-fucked before we'd come out. Ow... but nice. A wave of awesome satisfaction came over me as Yannah came for me again, just like before, coating me in her pussy's priceless potion, and I heard her yelling, despite the sizeable obstacle she was tackling with her mouth. 

"OH YES! FUCK! FUCK YES! GOD! DUKE! YES!"

I lapped up the cunnilingal concoction as her hard swollen clitty pulsed and melted in my mouth, feeding me the sweetest tasting juices on God's Green Earth. Its always the best high to make a woman cum that hard, and Yannah rewarded me without even knowing it by coming out in goose-pimples and quivering after she'd come down from the high I'd licked her to. She took ahold of my hair and pulled me up from between her magnificent thighs, releasing my ass from Fin's finger fucking as she did, and brought me to face her before kissing me hard and deep, still masturbating Chryslers' tool by her face. 

"Thanks baby, you're SO fucking good. " She smiled warmly if a little shakily. 

"I love your taste, babe. God, you're gorgeous"

I returned her smile and kissed her again. 

"Baby?" she asked with a seriousness that just didn't seem right with cock in her hand and the preposterous couple fucking wildly right by us. 

"Mmm?"

"I want to see you do it. "

"What? Anything. "

"I want to see you sucking this big cock. "

I smiled wide and took the black mamba into my hand, and, keeping eye contact with her, licked out at its warm, wet, end as she pumped a hand slowly up and down the shaft for me. She let out a little whimper of surprise/turn-on at seeing me do this. 

I thought it was only natural as almost every guy fantasizes about seeing 2 girls, almost every girl had a similar fantasy about seeing 2 guys together. She'd already caught me sucking Zar's cock back in the club, and maybe this was her first opportunity to ask a guy without offending him. I certainly wasn't offended or inexperienced as you know, and she squealed with delight as I hungrily took 3" of the thing all the way into my mouth and started to help her beat on the long shaft. Chrysler, of course, tasted as good as ever, and continued to let out long, low sighs and the occasional "Ah fuck" or "Oh Yea" as I licked and nibbled. 

Yannnah stared at me with interest, and played with my cock as I enjoyed slurping and sucking on that familiar member, pushing my tongue hard around the head and into its salty hole as much as was possible, fondling the dark heavy nutsac and occasionally releasing the head to beat it off over my face with only my extended tongue pleasuring the quivering mushroom head, or licking up and down the shaft, only to take it into my mouth and suck again. After a while I again felt her mouth pleasuring me, and I moved on the bed to give her the access she needed to beat me off and suck on me. I caught a glimpse of Fin and 'Anne', who incredibly were still fucking energetically, Fin was now leaning back, arching her body with a hand behind her, inside 'Anne's' sweaty panties roughly manhandling his swollen balls, yelling 

"YES! FUCK ME! OH GOD, FUCK ME YOU LITTLE SLUT! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARDER! OH GOOOOOOD YES! FUCK! GOD YES! FUCK ME! SLUT! FUCK!" 

and various other incontinent sexual screams. She'd been brought to climax maybe 3 or 4 times by 'Anne' who certainly knew what 'she' was doing to the girl. It was times like that I envied the ability of women to make orgasm and continue with only a moments rest, if that. 

I decided to make my move and removed myself from the little 3-way Yannah had with me and Chrysler, and left her to play with my friend. Fin had leaned forward again and was face to face with 'Anne', their bodies horizontal. 

Moving around to the heads of the fucking misfits, I grasped Fin's head and fed her rather than offered her my cock, pushing it into her open mouth, kneeling over 'Anne'. Fin took my cock gladly, mumbling

"OH God! Fuck! Give me that! YES! Fucked from each end! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! GIVE ME YOUR DICK! OH, GOD, FUCK ME!"

The dreadlocked blonde certainly was a major go-er, and as if starved from it took my cock and sucked it HARD... I gasped, almost in pain from the pressure her mouth exerted on me as she mercilessly dug her nails into my scrote. I could feel that double ended little golden pyramid scraping the sensitive skin of my head and shaft and yelled out as I reached the far ends of the sexual scale of pleasure. As if it couldn't get any better, I felt 'Anne' bury 'her' nose in my ass and start licking and biting Fin's fingers around my vulnerable nuts, my God it was incredible, and I had to grasp a fistful of sheets and grit my teeth to keep from cumming immediately. 
