 I had finally found a way to make our schedules work, and was out on another date with Shannon. A goddess back in high school, she still looked sexy 30 years later. Other than the tan, the only thing that had really changed was her hair had been dyed from dark brown to blonde. Her figure was still firm, and so were those glorious breasts.

I was into my third mixed drink, trying to relax enough to make the night go right. She had wanted me years ago, tried just 3 years ago, and now it should finally happen. We'd talked for hours about our lives, and our sex lives, and now we were simply preparing for the night ahead. Until my phone chirped with a text notification.

"Oh my god," I blurted, "she just doesn't leave me alone."

"Who, your sister?" And then she asked skeptically, "or your girlfriend? I knew this was too easy."

I set my phone down and looked straight at her. "Neither. My ex-fiancée, Michelle. I shot her down last Christmas, but she still texts me every couple of weeks. I just ignore her."

"So block her already," her possessiveness was both evident in her tone and surprising to me. "Or do you still have feelings for her, Daniel?"

"Shannon, I'll tell you the exact same thing I told her... All I have is memories, but the one that stands out the most is when she fucked my best friend while I was asleep in the same room. There is zero chance of us getting back together."

Shannon wanted all the juicy details of that, and more. I suspected that she was prying for emotional attachment, but that was all buried in the past. After explaining that even blocking her would be pointless because I suspected her attempted use of other phones to call me, Shannon asked me how I planned to stop her, or if I would let it go on forever.

"I don't know. How do you stop someone who thinks they can make up for what they've done? Even that text I just got was saying she'd do anything to pay her debt for screwing Sean. And she can't. Hell, the only thing that would come close is..."

Apparently the hungry look I was giving Shannon was also giving the wrong impression. With a scowl, she said "I am not helping you have a threesome with your ex-fiancée. Or anyone else. I did that for my ex husband and it wasn't worth it."

"Oh, hell no," I chuckled. "One, what I was thinking wasn't a threesome, and two- it was just a joke."

"Okay then," Shannon insisted. "Tell me the joke."

Six minutes later, all she said was "that's fucking hot." Forty minutes later, she was hot-fucking me.

*****

A few days later, and I couldn't believe I was even considering trying this, much less making this call. "Michelle?"

"You're finally talking to me?" Plaintive, wounded.

"Apparently. Were you serious that you'd do anything to settle the score for Sean?"

"Of course," she scoffed. "I'd do anything to get my sweet Westley, my shining knight, my Dragon back." Pet names, nothing but an appeal to a time when I believed in love and magic, in fairy tales.

"Michelle, I'm not even talking that far." The irritation was clear in my voice, "I'm just talking about making up for fucking my best friend while I was asleep ten feet away!"

A subdued "yeah." And then after a pause, "I'll start where ever I have to and take what I can get. How do I make up for it?"

I let her think my extended quiet was debating, but in truth I was questioning my own nerve for what I was about to do. "Alright. I'm booking a room at that fantasy hotel for tomorrow. Come to me wearing that pleated black dress with the deep V neck."

Her excitement was loud, even through my cell. "As you wish! You want me to bring anything, maybe some amaretto?"

"No, Michelle. I want you to bring you, the dress, and nothing else. And I mean, don't wear anything under it. At all."

She giggled as she said "I can't wait!"

Neither could I. Neither could I.

*****

Everything was prepared as I waited in the medieval room at the hotel. I had spared no expense for the night. Even the thought of what was to come, regardless of her reaction, was keeping me hard. Finally, I heard her knock on the door.

As I opened the door, I reviewed the woman in front of me. Dressed as I instructed, the hem was a few inches above her knees, and the neck line plunged to well below the bottom of her heavy breasts. She smiled with bright eyes as I pulled her by the hand into the room. "Hey," I said, as I gave her a light kiss. 

"Hi, I like the room. We always had thing for the fantasy ages," cooing about the past. "You my dragon, and me your unicorn."

"Hush. This is about you repaying me, not about when we first loved each other. Focus." Sternly, I marched her to the foot of the bed and sat down. "You will do what I say, when I say. You can end it all anytime, but if you do- we're done here and you will leave." The confusion grew on her face as I finished speaking.

"I don't understand," and then her expression changed. She was mine when she spoke next, "I'll do anything for you."

I grabbed her hair and pulled her face to me, a short but passionate kiss. It had to be short, her kiss was what always reached me. I pulled her around so that she was sitting on my lap and dragged the fingers of both hands up the inside of her thighs, letting my thumbs brush across her mound. Freshly shaved, as I knew it would be. As she ground her butt on my member, I kissed her neck and teased her nether lips with my right hand.

After I started to rub on her little nub, she began to raise up. "Hold on, I'll take this dress off." I yanked her back onto my lap and slapped her lightly across her slit.

"Leave it on," I said in a low growl as I wrapped my other hand around her throat. "It's hotter." She turned her head towards me, and even from that angle, I could see her surprise. This wasn't the Daniel she had known for 30 years. That didn't stop her from enjoying it, in fact she had gotten wet faster than I had known her to before. Soon I was pumping two fingers inside of her while she fought to stay upright- lifted by the force of my hand and her own reaction to it. When she pulled aside the top of her dress and started pulling on her nipples, I knew it was time for the next stage. I stood up and then pushed her onto the foot of the bed in a kneeling position.

"Remember, you can stop anytime you want." 

She asked sultrily ,"Why would I?" while trying to see what I was pulling out from the suitcase beside the bed. A light swat on her ass was just for her impertinence. And then she gasped "Oh, my" when I wrapped the satin blindfold across her eyes.

"Anytime you want," I whispered in her ear as I put the wrist straps on her and secured them. "Anytime you want you can say the safe word and it all ends, tonight, everything. You trust that?" She actually moaned before she breathed out a yes.

"What got into you," she queried, "did you watch '50 Shades of Gray' or something?"

"NO." A stinging slap on her proffered ass cheek got me a slight yelp, and she even lifted her ass higher. After a moment, it occurred to me... "I don't watch trash, I propose to it."

"Ouch." Sullen, and flat. I couldn't have her forgetting why she was here, not that she would for long. I was strapping her ankles to the base of the bed with long cords and wide cuffs. Not too tight, just enough.

"By the way," I spoke clearly, this part was crucial- "the safeword is unicorn. Repeat it once so I know you understand that everything ends if you say it after that."

"That's cruel. I was your unicorn," with a tone of resignation. "But I understand."

She was there in darkness, waiting for whatever was next, limited in her movement. But I stood behind her seeing it all. My words hadn't changed her mood at all. I watched her thighs squeeze and saw the shine of her still flowing juices. Which made it easy for me to slide the small egg shaped vibrator inside of her and turn it on to the lowest setting. The long cord on the controller was perfect.

I quickly got undressed and got on my knees at the head of the bed. She smiled and started to lean forward when she felt someone climb on opposite of me. She sat upright on her knees and asked, "What the hell?" which was my cue to remove the blindfold.

*****

Her eyes quickly darted from my face over to Shannon's, then down at Shannon's body clad in nothing but a red push up corset. The push up wasn't needed, I think Shannon had just wanted to make Michelle feel inferior in every way she could. And then her eyes went to Shannon's hands, slowly playing with my dick. 

"You know I don't like women." And then with annoyance, "I don't do threesomes."

I expected this. "Are you saying the safe word, are you giving up?" A simple shaking of her head. "I can't hear you."

"No."

"No, what?" with a light slap on her blushing cheek.

Her eyes widened, "no, sir?"

Looking around the room, "Being here, and dragons and unicorns... no. You will say yes and no, 'Sire'. Understand?"

"Yes, Sire."

"I know you supposedly lost your virginity to Scott." She started to balk at the 'supposedly', but I cut her short- the truth about that was irrelevant now. "I also know that you had sex with his wife in the process, even if you didn't like it." Her face turned redder than before. "But I'm not forcing you into a threesome. You fucked my best friend while I was asleep in the same room..."

Now was Shannon's turn to speak. "So you have to watch him fuck me, NOT you." The smile on Shannon's face was driven by the pure ego rush she felt.

"What? You can't be serious!" Michelle was almost furious. 

I grabbed a hold of her chin and aimed her face at mine. "All you have to do is say the word, if you don't want to make up for what you did." My other hand flicked the speed up on her vibrator another two notches.

Her eyes rolled a tiny bit before she said, "just get it over with." I couldn't tell if it was from disgust or from pleasure. I grabbed her chin and told her to try again with the right attitude. "Whatever you want, Sire."

*****

Shannon didn't wait any longer, her head dipped quickly to run her tongue from the tip all the way down to the base and back, staring in Michelle's eyes the whole time. Michelle looked angry and hurt and jealous. But she also looked like she couldn't stop squirming, the egg I put inside her doing its job. Shannon had a side I hadn't expected, relishing the chance to show off her skill, to exert her own power over another. From our only previous encounter, I knew that she was playing up the noises- groaning and slurping in a way she hadn't before. And the she started to slowly take me into her mouth, deeper than expected, she was going for all of it this time. When her lips finally reached my root, Michelle turned her head and stared at a wall sconce. Shannon pulled back and released me with a loud pop, "Hey, I thought she was supposed to watch!"

I pulled Michelle's nipple to steer her in the right direction. "You ARE supposed to watch, that's the point of this. Get a good look," I said as I grabbed the back of hair and pulled her head down to about a foot away from my still shining prick. Shannon winked at her and went to town, rapidly slurping my length.

Shannon had pulled me out and was slow jerking me. "Aww, I think she wants some. Do you want his dick slut?" She asked as she aimed me in Michelle's direction. Silent as a stone, Michelle just shot her a look that belonged to a basilisk. But her deep and shuddering breathing was revealing her. I turned the egg up another notch just for kicks and her eyes asked why, but she said nothing. Shannon giggled before she went back to sucking my head with vigor.

After a moment, Michelle looked up at me. "Please stop this, I get it." Her flushed cheeks and heavy breath gave truth to what her eyes were telling me- she was hating her own reaction to this as much as she hated that it was happening. On hearing it Shannon doubled her efforts, seemingly afraid I would cave in.

"Are you quitting? Say the word and its done, you know that." 

She looked torn, "but then you'll be done with me?" After I shuddered a bit myself, I nodded. She turned back to watching, "as you wish, Sire."

I couldn't stay on my knees anymore, and laid down in front of them- Shannon between my legs, and Michelle inches away on my right. I started massaging her breast, which earned me a narrowing of the eyes from Shannon.

"I guess the slut wants your cock after all, huh? Fine then." Shannon grabbed the back of Michelle's head and pushed her to my dick in her other hand. At first Michelle resisted, but then she must've realized that this was her opportunity to get the attention from me that she so desperately wanted. But as soon as she started to willingly approach- Shannon pointed me away from her. "You have to ask him first, slut."

After just a moment, "Can I?"

"Can you what?"

"Can I suck you, Sire?"

"By all means." I hadn't even got the words completely out before she had leaned in and Shannon guided her into my mouth. After just a few strokes, Shannon stole it back- determined to show her rank. Then she graciously returned her to me, only to force Michelle into deepthroating me and bouncing her mouth off my pelvis. She kept that up for a too short a time before I twisted myself away. I wasn't going to blow my load this soon, absolutely not.

Shannon popped up and said "My turn?" I told her just a moment. Michelle had been in that position for a while, and I wanted to give her something better to sit on. 

I retrieved the sybian I had hidden, a 9 inch dildo sticking straight up the middle and Michelle looked at it in confusion. I don't think she'd ever seen one before. I turned off the egg inside her and pulled it out, rubbing it on her clit as I passed it. Then I lifted her up and slid the sybian under her. "Daniel? Who are you now?" Confused and excited. Excellent.

As I rubbed the faux penis around her slit, I practically growled, "I am the dragon. As I ever was." And then I pushed her down so that she was riding the mechanical cock.

"Shannon, your turn. Sit on my face," I ordered as I lay down with my head towards Michelle. Close enough for her to see, but not so close as to force unwanted contact between the women. I could only guess avoiding was in her thoughts too, since Shannon got on top of my mouth facing away from her competition. I wasted no time licking up her sweet juice, which was almost flowing. Normally I'd be very content to be sucking on her clit while seeing nothing but her curvy ass, but today wasn't normal. I reached out and pulled her into a 69, giving me a fair view of Michelle's face. She was mostly staring at the wall sconce again, and hardly moving. 

I corrected that by reaching up and turning the switch at the base of the sybian to on. I had gotten a good one. It didn't just vibrate, the rubber cock on it twisted and writhed like I wanted to see Michelle doing. It didn't take long, and she was staring at my eyes again as I licked another woman's pussy with fervor. With my right hand I was fingering Shannon, and my left was pulling her cheeks wide and toying with her puckered rim. Michelle was trying to stay still, but failing. And Shannon was only paying token attention to me while she enjoyed my ministrations.

Occasionally I would pull my finger out of Shannon's tight quim and would angle my arm up to rub on Michelle's clit. I felt my own face heat up as I watched her watching me suck the mixed juices of the two women from my finger. And the whole time Shannon's ass was twitching above my face- winking at Michelle like some obscene third eye.

Michelle was moving slowly, determined to keep self control. But it was clear how badly she wanted, no.. needed to be fucked. It was time for the main event.

*****

I tapped Shannon to move, "It's time for Michelle to get some special attention." 

As Shannon sat with her back on the headboard and played with her self, I arose to walk behind Michelle and nibbled on her ear while I casually rubbed on her protruding clit with my left hand. She was ecstatic. Shannon was torn between jealousy and enjoying the show- even though she knew the program already. She had advanced to moving two fingers in and out of her tight tunnel.

I kept teasing Michelle with that hand, while my right reached out and grabbed a small tube of lube for the now forgotten egg. After it was ready I turned it on and gently pressed it against Michelle's tight ass while I pinched her clit. The surprise caused her to lose her balance and drop to her chest, a closer view of Shannon's pussy than she had wanted. The new position made it easy to slip the small egg inside her bum and turn it up. 

"I... I... can't get up like this." Despite the fact that her face was tantalizing me, so close between Shannon's knees- I wasn't going to actually force her into anything. I released the cuffs around her hands and told her to help herself up.

Meanwhile I moved to turn Shannon perpendicular to Michelle, her crotch in front of Michelle. The perfect view of the missionary position I started with. Slow and steady, pulling almost completely out before I drove back in. Shannon had locked eyes with Michelle and pulled me close to kiss her- staring up at my dominated ex-fiancée the entire time her tongue danced in my mouth.

This was getting too intense even for me, I needed release and soon. I raised up and placed Shannon's legs over my shoulders and firmly clutched her breasts while I drove endlessly into her. "I'm gonna cum soon," I warned.

"Do you hear that? He's going to cum in me, he's gonna fill my pussy. You wish it was yours, don't you?" Shannon wasn't just playing her part, she was relishing in it. I wondered if I had created a monster. And I couldn't contain my smirk when I saw Michelle's head move in the slightest nod.

"You do, don't you? He's fucking another woman and you want his cum all for yourself. You slut, just admit it!"

"Yes. Okay? I want it." Perfection.

"Tell me, not her" I ordered.

"I want your cum. It's mine, it always has been." 

"Ask me. No, beg me." The growl was back in my voice. Michelle knew that meant there was very little time left to convince me.

"PLEASE let me taste you, Sire!" I ordered her to ask louder, and she did. Again, and she did. I was pretty sure they could've heard her at the front desk.

That was enough for me. I pulled out and turned towards Michelle and she dove for it. She was holding herself up by leaning on Shannon's thigh, maybe 4 inches from touching the gash I had just been fucking. Her mouth turned into the most powerful vacuum I've ever felt, staunch in her determination to have it to herself. Shannon grabbed her hair again and started using Michelle's face to jack me off.

When I came, it was the strongest I'd felt in years. The growl in my throat was practically a roar. And as soon as Shannon saw Michelle's throat move in a swallow, she pulled her head away and aimed my remaining blasts at Michelle's face, covering her more than I expected- as I was cumming more than I ever had before.

Michelle jerked back in surprise when a now seated Shannon darted in and stole a lick off of Michelle's cheek. "Mmm. That is good. I see why you wanted it all for yourself, slut." Michelle actually drew back to smack her, but I caught her arm in time.

"Pineapple, bitches. Let's keep it calm, I'll take care of you m'dear."

I saw a familiar hope in her eyes- and I wasn't sure if it was because I said I'd take care of her, or because I used a pet name. No matter, she wouldn't start a catfight now.

I went behind her again and turned the sybian from low to high, which cause her to gasp. I could hear the egg inside her rear even from where I was. This wouldn't take long. Kissing on her ear and neck, I started flicking her clit again. She was now rising and falling on the sybian's dick of her own volition and squeezing her tits together.
