 The smoke was burning her lungs, but the languid feeling that had settled over her made it worth it. 

The lights of the city shone through the window in the bedroom, providing the only light in there. She let her head fall back against a pillow she'd stolen from the head of the bed, and she absently snuggled into it. Beside her she felt her boyfriend lay down, his warmth sudden and soothing against her chilled skin. She contemplated getting up to close the window, but she felt so good lying there, relaxing and floating. Over by the window, she saw the flare of fire from the joint and then heard the soft exhale of the other occupant of the room, her boyfriend's longtime friend and her newfound one. He was a dark blur, a shadow from the side of the room. 

She allowed her eyes to close, and she wasn't sure how long his friend leant against the windowsill before deciding that she and her boyfriend had it right, that the bed was the best idea in the world. She felt it dip, and more warmth surround her as he lay at her side. She floated for a while, distantly aware that her boyfriend and his friend were talking idly between them. Her attention became focussed on how her dress was cutting into her arms, and she shifted uncomfortably, trying to make it feel that bit better. 

"You okay babygirl?" she heard her boyfriend laugh. 

"My... dress in uncomfy..." she whined, trying to tug the dress so that it wasn't uncomfortable. She made no headway though, and her arms flopped to her side.

"Could take it off," he said, laughing again. She knew he had to be joking, because he knew as well as she did that she had nothing underneath, that he'd taken her panties off of her before they'd arrived. He liked it when she obeyed him, and she liked it when his come spent the evening trickling down the insides of her bare thighs. Part of their dynamic was that he loved her being his dirty whore, and she loved being treated as such. Really, it was a win-win situation. 

She pouted and glared at him, and then flopped an arm over him, giving in to the fact that her dress was not going to offer respite. 

She let herself drift again. She became aware of a hand stroking her arm, almost absently and like they weren't entirely aware of what they were doing. Fingers, more calloused than she was used to, trailed over her arm, wrist, the bones in her hand, swirling the knuckles, before gliding back up again. She giggled a little bit, wondering if he was even aware of what he was doing, or if he was simply doing it because it felt nice. 

His friend shifted up onto his side, his hand trailing over her arm ceasing and he leaned on his hand, looking down at her and her boyfriend. She stared at him through slitted eyes, and gave a little smile. 

They'd discussed this before, somewhat. Her boyfriend had invited him to spank her at an event, and he'd joined in. She and he had made it clear to him early on that... this? This was on the cards. This was an option, and all he had to do was say "yes". They'd bought it up a few times earlier though, and when nothing had happened, she'd given up hope. 

Yet right then, his face was hovering over hers, his eyelashes fluttering as he stared down at her... She somehow suspected tonight was different. His lips were parted, and she felt his breath mingling with hers. Beside her, her boyfriend was entirely still, and she felt him staring intently. She didn't move up to meet his kiss, wanted him to make the final step, an unspoken agreement of consent. She didn't know how long he paused, but it felt like a lifetime before she felt smooth lips press gently against hers. 

She sighed, exhaled softly, and a lazy hand came up to bury itself in his hair. It was smooth, straighter than her boyfriend's, and the strands slipped easily through her fingers. Once she had him there, she took control of the kiss, biting and nipping at his lower lip. His mouth was soft, the skin around them free of hair; she couldn't remember the last time she'd kissed someone without a beard. Distantly she heard a moan rumble through his chest, the sound muffled against her mouth. 

Beside her, her boyfriend was running a slightly rougher hand along her thigh, teasing at the hem of her dress before slipping under. In the darkness it likely wasn't clear where his hands were, but she clearly felt them. She didn't fight him though, enjoying the softness of his hands, interspersed with the gentle tug of his nails over her thighs. She kept kissing his friend, deeper and harder, her breath coming faster with each passing second. 

Finally she felt her boyfriend slip his fingers between her legs, felt his fingers get slippery quickly, slipping and sliding over her freshly shaven lips. Her breath stuttered. 

"Hey man," her boyfriend said to his friend, voice a whisper, as if somehow raising their voices any higher might ruin the moment somehow, "wanna see how wet she is?"

She felt the friend pull away for a moment, felt him breathing heavily, his chest hard against hers. She watched him take in the hand under her dress, the fact that her knees had come off the bed slightly, parting just enough for a hand to slide between her soft thighs. His eyes were wide as he looked down at her, then back at the hand, over at her boyfriend. She glanced up at her boyfriend, saw him smirking, eyes hooded with lust. 

The moment was still, the only things moving their chests as they breathed heavily, and two fingers trailing through her slickness. 

"Yeah, alright," he finally said. 

She saw the small smirk on her boyfriend's face grow. He gracelessly shoved the dress up to her waist, and pushed her legs apart. Her face might have burned with shame under normal circumstances, but in that moment she was only aware of how badly she wanted this. The boys shifted down the bed a little, and she watched as his friend hesitantly put a large hand over her pubic mound before his fingers gently travelled lower. 

She inhaled sharply, felt more arousal burst through her. Her skin felt hot, like she it was too small for her body, and she whined and pressed herself quickly down against the hand. Shamelessly, she attempted to grind into the fingers, but they were just out of reach.

"Guys..." she whined softly.

She wasn't sure which of the men chuckled. 

"Wanna go down on her?" her boyfriend asked. Wow. So it was all in apparently. She'd thought they might have started a bit slower, but nope. Straight down. 

"Sure..." he said, nodding. He seemed shy about it, nervous but resolute. He studied her expression for a moment, apparently looking for something. After a moment he seemed to find it, and when her boyfriend shoved her legs unceremoniously open further, he lay between her legs. His breath was hot on her quickly swelling pussy, and she almost shoved herself down against his mouth. Only the barest string of patience held her back, and she allowed him to move forward and make the final move again. 

When his hot mouth met her increasingly wet cunt, she gasped. She felt, more than heard, a soft moan against her cunt, a pause before he started carefully, cautiously exploring. A hesitant finger brushed each lip, followed by his tongue, almost too gentle. She shoved back against him.

Above her, she heard the lilting tease of "greedy whore... greedy babygirl..." breathed out by her boyfriend. She whined softly as his friend seemed to take the hint and cease his explorations and move forward with purpose. She wasn't all that sensitive when it came to oral sex, but her boyfriend had her covered. She heard him distantly instruct his friend to slip a finger or two inside of her, and curl them up. 

He moved within her with relatively minimal hesitation, his fingers learning quickly what made her twitch and moan softly, made her fingers, which had somehow found his fine hair, curl tightly against his scalp. She found herself fucking herself against his face, wanton and needy, the movements pushing his fingers harder and deeper within her. 

Her boyfriend had gone about unbuttoning her floral dress, shoving it aside so that her torso lay naked as she bucked and writhed on the bed. Her skin felt warm against the cold night air but she was barely aware of that, her entire world centred down to her pussy, and her boyfriend's hands now scratching across her pale skin. Her orgasm seemed out of reach for so long, and she grabbed at her boyfriend's arms, biting desperately into his forearm to muffle the sounds beginning to slip from her mouth. 

She sucked in gasps of air, fucked back against his mouth and fingers harder with each frantic breath. She felt him easing off for a moment, and she whined out her pleas. "No no no, please don't stop... please... keep going, oh god yes." Her voice sounded desperate to her own ears, but she didn't have the spare thought for shame to flash through her. Instead her attention was wholly focussed on how his mouth was moving harder against her clit, his fingers curled up so tightly that she wouldn't be surprised if he complained on cramps later. 

Her orgasm, so far out of reach before, seemed so close she could almost touch it. The hands of her boyfriend, scratching over her torso, found their way up to her throat and pressed down hard. His face approached hers and she felt the softness of his breath against her lips, his mouth an inch from hers. In the darkness she could barely make out his expression, but instead of the smirk or lustful grin she expected, he merely looked entranced. His eyes bore into hers and she stared back intently. Only as her breath was completely gone from her, and her orgasm crept up, did she let her eyes roll back and their eye contact to break. Her orgasm rushed over her, hot and cold all at the same time, making her shake and twitch. As she started to come her boyfriend released the pressure from her throat and she pulled in a sharp breath, her gasping high pitched against the otherwise quiet night. 

Between her legs, his friend kept his finger movements steady although his tongue seemed to weary. Regardless, it was enough for her to come again and again, each orgasm free to crash over her as long as the stimulation remained. 

"Shit," she heard above her, "should have put a towel down..." 

She giggled through her gasps and became half aware of how tightly she was gripping his friends hair, and just how wet the sounds between her legs were then. She giggled again as his friend pulled away slowly, wiping his mouth with his forearm as he pushed himself up onto his elbows. His dark eyes bore into hers; she found herself unable to break the eye contact, and wasn't entirely sure she wanted to either. Another rush of heat filled her body; she needed more. 

"That was hot," her boyfriend said, breaking the silence that fell over them again. "Now, babygirl, show him just how good you can suck cock..." 

For a moment, she thought he meant to slide down the bed and suck his friends dick but when she looked up again her boyfriend's cock was gasp from her mouth. Smiling to herself, she dove in. The groan of happiness above her made her grin around the mouthful. "Yes... good girl..." he crooned, placing a gentle hand on the back of her head. "Such a good girl for Sir..." he said again, the gentle hand twisting into the strands of her hair and tugging her forward, forcing her to gag on his cock. She spluttered for a moment but was held down firmly until she had no choice but to swallow him down. Her nose pressed against his stomach and she moaned happily around his cock, his smell, taste and feel filling all of her senses. He held her there for a moment, keeping her until she was shaking and desperate for air, before yanking her back by her hair and slamming himself back in. He didn't give her a seconds rest, just fucked her face mercilessly. Above her she heard him telling her what a good girl she was, how she was taking it like the little whore she was, how he loved that about her. 

"Hey man... got a condom?" Her boyfriend's voice was ragged, and his hands in her hair were trembling. His thighs beneath him were twitching. 

The heat that had been behind her disappeared. Behind her she heard drawers being opened, things shuffled around almost frantically, and then... the crinkle of plastic, and a victorious "Aha!" came. 

"Want to fuck her?" 

She didn't hear a response, but she supposed there must have been one because a moment later she heard the tear of plastic, smelled the off scent of latex. Her boyfriend kept fucking her face, occasionally slowing down to let her breathe, sometimes just holding his cock at her lips. Each time he attempted to withdraw, she sucked him back in desperately. 

"Hey, babygirl... Present." 

Knowing the order for what it was, cock still in her mouth, she crawled up onto her hands and knees, spreading her knees slightly and curving her back gently. She felt the wetness from between her legs drip down her thighs, the cool night air striking a contrast to the heat emanating from the same place. 

He withdrew his cock entirely from her mouth, and a hand came down to cradle her face. "Good girl. Now, are you okay to let him fuck you?" The hand against her cheek was soft, soothing for such a heated moment. A rush of happiness burst through her chest; despite constant conversations about this, and even mid-scene... he still paused to check that she was okay, that she still wanted this. She nodded furiously. "Good girl. You make your Sir very proud," he told her, kissing her forehead sweetly before tightening his hands in her hair again. The next time he spoke was not to her: "Don't hold back; she likes it rough." 

A hand held her hip, cautious and almost as if it were afraid to touch too hard. 

Finally... she felt the sticky press of latex and the slow ease as he pressed inside. Her breath came unsteady but it seemed from the sounds behind her that she wasn't the only one floored by the situation. 

"Wow..." she heard, but wasn't sure if it came from in front of her, or behind. 

"Dude. Up top!" 

She glanced up to see her boyfriend grinning broadly and holding a hand up to high five. 

"Seriously?" she burst out laughing.

"Oh c'mon, as if you wouldn't! 

She heard an embarrassed laugh and then the slow but hard clap of hands as the guys met in a high five.

"I hate you both," she said breathlessly, clenching and unclenching around the cock inside her. 

"No you don't!" Her boyfriend's voice was smug and cheerful, and he jerked himself off a few times to bring himself back to full hardness before pressing himself back into her mouth. "Now, be a good girl and let us have our way with you, babygirl..."

She was about to send out another cheeky comment when she felt his friend start moving with a little more force inside her. Turned on enough as she was, and sensitive from her earlier orgasms, and frankly, the sheer overwhelming heat from being used by two men at once resulted in an orgasm faster than she'd had before. She'd been told she came easily before, but had never experienced anything like this. She struggled not to bite down on the cock in her mouth as waves of pleasure shook her body, left her gripping helplessly at the sheets, her body spasming furiously with each crash of orgasm. Her sounds were muffled by cock, and every so often she choked and had to gasp another moan into her boyfriend's stomach before he shoved her mouth back on his cock. 

She lost all sense of time and reality. Her eye and nose streamed, and drool dripped down her chin. Her scalp burned with the tightness of fingers grasping at her hair; behind her she heard the rough slap of skin on skin, felt the rough way she was being used. Nails scraped down her back, bit into her soft hips. Half formed pleas slipped out; her back arched further, and it felt like every muscle in her body was singing with pleasure.

Her boyfriend's friend was the first of the two to come, his hips stuttering to a rough finish. Once, twice, and held. His skin was sticky against hers as he paused there, breathing heavily. It seemed as if her boyfriend was waiting for that as his own cue to come, because he fucked her face for barely another minute before he did the same. As he came, he held her face as close to his body as possible, keeping his cock deep in her throat as he twitched through his own orgasm. Gasping and gagging, she was finally released and allowed to sink onto the damp mattress beneath her. She buried her face in the mussed bedsheets, twitching and shaking from her orgasms still. 

"Definitely should have put a towel down..." her boyfriend muttered as he apparently found another damp spot from her. He pulled her close to him, despite the sticky sweat clinging to their bodies. She sleepily rubbed her face into his side, one arm flopping uselessly over his stomach. She heard the snap of the condom being removed, the crinkle of a plastic bag, and then a contented sigh as his friend lay at her other side. There was a noticeable gap between them and she whined again. Her arms felt weak, but she still tugged at his arm, encouraging him wordlessly to come and snuggle with her. He paused for a moment, apparently contemplating if it'd be weird to snuggle after fucking her.

He decided in her favour however and shifted over, hesitantly wrapping an arm around hers. She breathed out a laugh and flopped a leg over his. 

"Sleep now?" she asked to both of them, not keen to move. 

"If that's okay with you man?" her boyfriend asked, lifting his head up to look at his friend. 

"Yeah, it's chill. Bring the blanket up though, will you?"

Her boyfriend moved down the bed to where they'd kicked the blankets to the floor and dragged the duvet up over them. 

"Yay. Sleep now," she chirped happily, rubbing her face into his friends arm. Her boyfriend snuggled in behind her, spooning her gently. 

"Proud of you babygirl. I love you very much."

"Mmmm," she mumbled back, already sinking into a blissful unconsciousness.