 It was a beautiful Saturday morning as the light poured in through the windows of the third floor Greenwich Village loft apartment.

Ryland Abernathy stirred beneath the thin cotton sheet as he felt the warmth of his girlfriend's body pressed up against his side. Her naked limbs tree-branched over his in a sidesaddle cocoon of familiar comfort. Her sun-kissed blonde hair draped over her face and fell across his chest, like a fallen angel's nimbus from a Renaissance painting.

Ryland had met Sadie at the coffee shop across the street during his first semester at NYU. She was writing poetry in the window, which was something she did really even when there wasn't a notebook in front of her.

He'd bumped into her while spinning to avoid a Wall Street suit too busy to look up from his phone call. Her latte had spilled a little on a particular page in her notebook and after some profuse apologies and a replacement of her beverage they spent the rest of the afternoon talking and getting to know each other. It was a chance meeting, but the quick chemistry was obvious and soon there was a first date and then more dates and very quickly after that, a decidedly comfortable relationship.

The poem with the smudged latte was pinned to the fridge door in their apartment. The relationship was an exciting one based on not taking anything in life too seriously. They relished moments of spontaneity and all the curious beauties that city life had to offer.

He kissed her forehead as she purred and stretched like a kitten next to him, her body lithely adjusting to the first dawning moments of the day.

"Hey sleepyhead," he said lovingly as his hand ran down her back and over the soft cotton panties that held her beautiful bottom.

She nuzzled up into his neck as her lips kissed his neck and the lightly bit his earlobe.

"Heyyy," she said, as a smile spread across her face. They'd both slept in for the first time in months.

It was the first day of summer break. Finals were completed and they were happy to have absolutely nothing responsible to do.

He put his lips down and the kissed her lightly even as his hand tucked below the thin waistband of her panties and ran over her soft ass cheeks.

"Mmmmm." She purred at the attention. They'd been a little under-sexed during their final's studying marathons and she was really looking forward to some long afternoons of naked naughtiness.

Ryland slipped a finger between his girlfriend's cheeks as he slowly kissed her. She felt his tongue slip into her mouth as she moaned softly at the finger that was running along the lips of her pussy.

"I missed this pussy," he said to her as he dipped a digit into her wet folds.

"Mmmm, I missed this cock." She said as her hands reached down to the morning wood straining against the front of his boxer briefs. She pulled him out and began to lightly jack him as he softly fingered her.

They did this for a while, enjoying the way they felt as they played with each other's marvelous parts and reveled in the joys of a fizzy youthful intimacy.

Soon they were completely nude and they enjoyed the slowness of their morning sex—the kind of sex where everything feels soft and amazing and the comforts of freshly rested bodies further melts away into the warmth of a familiar pleasure.

When they'd finally both cum they laid there in the afterglow, tingling in each other's arms like the bubbles of a cold soda on a warm summer day. This was the life. Oh to be 22 and on summer break in New York City forever.

They couldn't stay in bed all day though. Sadie's best friend Shay would be flying into JFK in just a couple of hours and they'd be there to pick her up. She was visiting the city on vacation and also to visit Sadie who she hadn't seen since that previous summer. The girls had been partners in crime ever since the sixth grade and they both couldn't wait to reunite. Ryland didn't mind at all having Shay over.

She was one of the coolest girls he'd ever met and she wasn't too bad to look at either. Even Sadie had caught him checking out her best friend before...but she knew he couldn't help it, Shay was a total fox and so she purposefully teased her boyfriend whenever she caught his eyes straying towards her best friend's assets.

They slowly got their day started with breakfast and showers. While Sadie was doing her hair Ryland ran downstairs and visited the local artisan coffee shop where had first met and snagged their go-to wake-me-the-hell-up beverages of choice.

He returned with the coffees and some bagels in tow and begin to pick up the apartment while Sadie finished getting ready. The living room had already been set up with a stack of blankets and pillows for Shay to use and soon they were out the door and on their way through the hour-long traffic to the airport.

They listened to a book on tape on their way there—then switched over to their favorite sex podcast; then music. It was a beautiful summer day in the city. Traffic always, but not too humid—even the birds seemed to be a little more on pitch.

There were patches of clouds in the sky, the type of cloud-cover that might turn into that hot rain that occasionally drenches the city before returning to the heat. And most importantly, they were done with school for the semester. It was a perfect day as far as they were concerned.

Ryland had parked his Jeep temporarily as they pulled up to the arrival gate and there stood Shay Peters. She was 5'4 and looked like she was created in some sort of brunette fantasy laboratory. Her dark hair was trimmed in bangs and layered on the side. She was wearing a light blue spaghetti strap blouse that hung off her frame and held up mightily by her perky breasts and a pair of small jean shorts with flip-flops. Sadie flung open the door and ran over to her friend with a shriek as the two girls mauled each other in a huge hug. Shay swung Sadie around as they kissed each other on the lips and then hugged again—that's just how close they were. Ryland couldn't help but laugh as he briefly put the car in park and ran around to grab Shay's bags and throw them into the trunk.

"Hi Ryland!" Shay said with a big beaming smile as she gave him a big hug to boot.

"Great to see you Shay," he said as they all piled into the car and tried to navigate their way out of the busy arrival area of the airport.

"How was your flight, babe?" Sadie asked her friend from the front passenger seat, as she turned around to talk to her like an excited kid.

"Long...I need a drink." Shay said, they all laughed at that.

"Oh don't worry...we're gonna get VERY wasted tonight I can tell you that. And Ryland will be a total gentleman and protect from whatever trouble we cause while we get sloppily drunk and do whatever the hell we want, isn't that right darling?" Sadie playfully hit his arm as she said this.

"HA! More like, I'll be drunk right along there with you two nerds." Ryland countered.

"NERDS?!" The girls protested together. They made their way across the city and back into the beast of the traffic that made up the five boroughs. Eventually they were able to make it through the insanity and back home.

After they'd brought in Shay's bags, Ryland ordered pizza delivery from a local shop they liked a couple blocks away and they all cracked some cold lagers as they opened the windows and enjoyed the smell of the summer blossoms from the nearby park wafting into the old building.

The girls lounged together on the couch while Ryland sat in the adjacent chair. They ate and talked and caught up on each other's lives and just generally enjoyed finding out what they'd all been up to since they last saw each other.

After they were all appropriately tipsy, Shay popped up and said that she wanted to do something fun. The day was young and she wanted to take full advantage of her time in the city.

They decided on the Central Park Zoo but this time they'd take a Lyft. Sadie changed into this sexy apricot sundress she owned which showed off her legs and chest and arms and just about everything really. The dress hung off of her as if was merely a suggestion. If she was going to be out in the sun she figured she'd allow her body to take in some rays during the process. Shay was already dressed fairly light, with her tank top and small shorts, and so Ryland changed into his own short and t-shirt combo and the three headed downstairs and out the door.

The zoo was packed with people who'd had similar ideas of enjoying the marvelous weather. They took lots of pictures with their favorite animals. The girls goofed off like they were kids again, and all three of them spent the afternoon causing each other to break into much needed fits of laughter.

There was a moment later on where the girls both stopped to drink out of side-by-side water fountains. Ryland couldn't help but check them both out as he ruminated on his situation. Sadie and Shay were both ridiculously beautiful, and as they bent over side by side, each of their beautiful asses stuck out like they were in some ridiculous best booty competition and they were both winning. Sadie had the ass of an athlete, round and firm and toned. Her legs were smooth and featured the muscles of her daily city runs. Shay on the other hand had the type of ass you wanted to just stick your face in. It was perfectly plump...the kind of ripe treasure that made you groan out loud when she walked by you in public. Her shorts looked Christmas wrapping paper they held her buns so tightly encased. Their bodies were so ridiculously sexy, and he got to hang out with both of them for the rest of the weekend.

Ryland wasn't immune to the extravagant fantasies that all men carry. He and Sadie had started to become far kinkier in their sexual fantasies and play...and she knew full well about his desires to have a threesome, but then, honestly, what woman doesn't know that about her man? Sadie finished drinking first and looked back over her shoulder at Ryland who was sitting on a bench appreciating the girls. She wiped her mouth with her fingers and gave him a sly grin as she smacked Shay's bouncy butt as she finished. Shay squealed and jumped up, splashing water back at Sadie.

They finished monkeying around and headed off to see the primates exhibit. Then there was the reptile house and the giraffes.

Then they were exhausted. The pizza and beer and heat and exercise and middling animal impressions had done them all in.

They headed back to the apartment and agreed that a nap would do them all some good if they were going to go out and take advantage of the amazing nightlife that the city had to offer.

When Ryland finished using the restroom and came out to the living room, the girls were already passed out on the couch. They laid opposite of each other, their delicious legs intertwined in a lazy sort of scissor. He couldn't' help but stand there are stare at the sight of his girlfriend and her best friend wrapped up like this. He was going to need a cold shower with all the skin he'd be seeing this weekend, he thought.

That's when he looked up and noticed that Shay's eyes were opened slightly. She was looking right at him. He watched as her hand slowly ran down Sadie's leg and rested on the inside of his girlfriend's exposed thigh, as she purred lightly in her sleep.

Shay bit her lip a little and then closed her eyes as she knew Ryland was staring at them both. He knew she was teasing him then, but she'd always done this sort of thing with Sadie...it was an unspoken game she liked to play with him whenever she visited. Ryland obviously didn't mind. He would encourage as much girl-on-girl intimacy as he could—it was downright outstanding.

He walked away from the couch chuckling inwardly as he shook his head. He too crashed on the nearby bed of the loft, and for the next hour they recharged their much-needed batteries as they prepared for a sexy night on the town.

When they all woke up again, it was late evening and the high sun was lowering over the city as mischievous shadows rose up from the ground like devils returning for the sins of the night.

With a proper amount of highly-practiced lip pouting Sadie was able to get Ryland to head back down to the coffee house after he'd finished showering. He threw on some sweats and a t-shirt and went for a of espressos and soon all three of them were back in the spirited game.

The girls walked around the apartment in long t-shirts and nothing else while they got ready which was incredibly distracting for Ryland. Shay was such a good friend that there wasn't anything out-of-the-ordinary about the act...but it really was getting difficult to ignore just how hot his girlfriend's best friend had become over that last year. The girls stood at the large mirror connected to the bathroom where there were double sinks and a vanity. They shared flat irons and hairdryers and other makeup contraptions that was mostly an alien science to Ryland. As they both leaned over the counter to work on their eyes their shirts ran up their toned legs a little.

Ryland stared over the back of the couch as two pert booties tortured him with the wink of their exposed curves. Sadie was wearing a pair of navy blue boy shorts from Victoria's Secret which cropped in a sexy pattern...Shay was only in a lacy, white thong which disappeared between her buns like whitewater between the Grand DAMNyon. What a time to be alive, Ryland thought. He'd never been so jealous of a single piece of fabric in his entire life.

As Shay leaned over a little bit further the bottom half of her tanned butt was now exposed as her shirt rode up the circle of her butt cheek creating an instant peep show. Sadie looked back and saw Ryland staring and gave him an accusatory glare as she raised an eyebrow at him and looked down to where his eyes were staring at her best friend's ass.

"No!" She mouthed back at him with a smirk as if she instantly knew where his dirty mind was going.

Ryland threw his arms up as if to innocently say, "What are you talkin' about?"

Sadie turned around but even she had to admit that her best friend's bottom was magnificent...she stole another glance herself as she went back to doing her makeup.

"Pour us some Champagne, babe," Sadie said as the girls finished up at the vanity.

Ryland popped up and grabbed a sparkler from the inner shelf of the fridge. They'd bought two for the house that previous day as their plans for celebrating the semester's end all fermented together.

As Ryland popped the highly-pressurized cork over near the sink a little Champagne spilled out which caused both of the girls to laugh at him.

"Wow Ry...hope you last a little longer with my Sadie!" Shay joked. They all laughed at that as he filled up three flutes.

"Oh definitely, I can PROMISE you that I do not suffer from Premature E-Champ-ulation," he deftly responded.

"BOOOOO!" Shay yelled, even as they all giggled at the terrible pun.

They clinked their glasses as they gave a quick cheers to their brain cells.

"I mean...he does okay." Sadie responded, "I can definitely pop his bubbles pretttttty fast when I need to. He's got a couple of spots that are like, automatic."

"Oh REALLY?" Shay asked with a toothy grin as Ryland filled their glasses back up again. "So what does it for you Ry? Two hands on the neck? A finger or two in the punt?" As she teased him she grabbed the bottle lewdly and fondled it as he turned a shade red.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, she thinks she knows it all...but make no mistake...I'm a man of sexual mystery and seduction." He proffered, and now they really were all laughing.

The girls eventually shut the door to the bathroom as they helped each other into their outfits for the night.

While they did that Ryland changed into a nicer pair of slacks and a button up shirt that showed off his athletic frame fairly well. Then he grabbed a pair of wingtips to complete the look. He looked suave without quite infringing on club-douche couture.

All of a sudden Ryland heard the Bluetooth stereo switch over to 'Havana', which he knew was Sadie's favorite song of the moment.

The bathroom door opened as the music was turned up and the girls danced out in their outfits as they performed an impromptu fashion show.

Ryland gave a little whistle at the girls as they danced around shamelessly.

Sadie wore a tight blue dress that hugged her body and showed off her smooth legs beautifully. The top of the dress was sheer lace on both the front and back with all sorts of designs weaved throughout. It looked more like lingerie. Her breasts showed through the material like confessors through the threaded panel of a confessional but her nipples were strategically hidden behind the floral design throughout its middle. Her hair was curled and fell down onto her shoulders like golden rivulets from a mountain snowmelt. She wore sexy black heels that also had a sheer black lace pattern to them.

If Sadie looked hot, Shay looked otherworldly. She wore her hair straitened with her bangs done perfectly over her eyes—a smoky green eye shadow peering out like a serpent in the night. She was wearing a short, olive green pencil skirt that stuck to her body like snakeskin and had a huge slit running up the side to expose most of her left leg. Her midriff was bared from below her tiny, white top, which featured thin straps tied in a crossing pattern on her back. Her breasts hung like forbidden Gethsemane fruit half exposed to his eyes—the top almost looked like a corset. She wore olive green heels with white ankle ribbons which made her look like she was a mix between a hot secretary and a slutty ballet dancer.

Ryland almost made an audible groan at the site of them both together.

"Darling, pick your jaw up off the floor please...you're gonna drool all over the freshly cleaned floors." Sadie kissed him on the cheek.

"Sorry, you ladies look absolutely ravishing." Ryland admitted.

"'Ravishing'?? Thanks Ry...are you going to invite us onto your yacht now and ask us to play backgammon?" She jabbed him a little in the arm with that.

"Yeah, as you can tell, Sadie's poetic abilities have really rubbed off on me," he placed his hand in front of him as he pretended to be reciting something impressive.

"Hey! If you two are done with your dorky foreplay, I need some food and some stronger alcohol." Sadie interjected.

They downed the last of their Champagnes and then headed out the door of the apartment and down the three flights of stairs (the elevator took too long) and out to a waiting taxi.

The night started at a sexy tapas restaurant uptown. Vibrant colors and sizzling smells filled the busy Manhattan eatery as they chowed down on skewers of medium-rare cuts and various Spanish delicacies. The girls made their way through a couple different cocktails while Ryland enjoyed his go-to Boulevardier.

Soon they were properly buzzed and they'd eaten enough and so they finished up their time at the restaurant and were soon walking down the street towards one of Ryland and Sadie's favorite dance clubs.

When they got to The Grayden, the line was long outside—the indoor/outdoor bars were already popping with energy. Sadie walked up to the doorman who she knew and whispered closely into his ear as they embraced and he instantly waved the threesome through. Ryland never ceased to be amazed at the skillset of his lady. The Grayden wasn't so much a club as it was a fusion of bar and social lounge and bitching new artist showcase.

The dance floor was small and the trimmings were that of a men's club that had been turned into an everyone's club. Lots of browns and earthen tones suddenly pumped up with lights and the occasional spray paint street art. Classic chic meets resistance futurism. If that's hard to imagine? Well, that was The Grayden. Sexy people showed up every single night to see which new artists were about to blow up on the scene. Incredibly talented bartenders mixed drinks that weren't just poured out of a margarita mix soft-serve. It was the type of place you just wanted to be—it had an energy that felt incredibly magnetic.
