 I had butterflies in my stomach as I sat there in the large office, waiting for my interviewer to join me. I was totally unqualified for the job. I had never worked as a secretary before, and certainly had no experience in accounting. The only prior job I had was stripping; not too many respectable jobs are available for high school dropouts.

But then again, the advertisement at the seedy club I was working at had specifically asked for strippers, so I was unsure of what to think. I assumed they were hoping to find a diamond in the rough, or helping someone get their life back on track.

I grabbed the small hand-held mirror in my purse and checked my makeup again, hoping that I could at least look my best. My makeup was done as professional-looking as I could get it, a departure from the usual slutty look I went for. Similarly, I wore the most conservative dress that I owned. Even that meant it ended mid-thigh and showed off quite a bit of cleavage.

My dark brown hair was curled a little bit and left to hang down below my shoulders. The blond highlights streaked throughout gave a nice contrast to the brown and stood out against my darker skin tone. 

I returned the mirror to my purse. I tugged on the top of my dress, hoping to pull it up a little more. I was nervously fidgeting more than anything else. 

My nerves and anticipation were relieved a little bit when my interviewer walked into the room. I was quite surprised when I saw him. I expected a fat, pale, old white guy, but instead my interviewer was a very well-built and attractive black man in his late 30s. 

He walked towards me and extended his hand. "Hi, I'm Mr. Matheson. Please call me Charles." His voice was very deep and made me want to fall into his arms right then and there.

I stood up and shook his hand, trying to make it firm. "It's very nice to meet you. I'm Eva."

"Lovely to meet you." He sat down at the chair behind his desk. "So, Eva, tell me a little bit about yourself."

"Yes, well, as a person I am very highly motivated and a good listener. I made a few mistakes early on in my life which I'm still paying for, which is reflected in the lack of a fleshed-out resume. However, I am in a much better place now mentally, and prepared to enter into the workforce. What I lack in prior work experience in this field, I more than make up for in my ability to learn quickly and take orders. Overall, I feel like I could be a very good addition to your office and you wouldn't regret hiring me if you chose to do so," I said, trying to make myself look as good as I could while also being open and honest.

"Thank you for that. I appreciate the openness and honesty. So I will open by clarifying that you saw the ad at the club where you dance, correct?"

"Yes, that is correct. But as I said, what I do for a living doesn't accurately reflect how motivated I am and how good of a worker I could be."

"Yes, of course. But I'm assuming that you saw on the ad that we were only looking for dancers as applicants for this job. Is that correct?"

"You are correct, I did see that."

"So the reason for that is because we have some very specific search criteria we are looking for and demanding job requirements. How willing are you to go above and beyond the call of duty in work? That's something we've had problems with before."

"I am willing to do whatever is necessary to get the job done, or whatever you, or any boss, would ask me to do," I responded, becoming less nervous by the sentence. There was something about Charles that just made you want to open up to him, or be relaxed in his presence.

He slowly nodded his head. "That's the type of answer that I like to hear. Now, I just want to give you a sort of broad overview of what this job would entail. As a boss, I put a lot of stock in office morale. I think it leads to a better work environment and more productive employees. Obviously the best way to go about doing this is to increase happiness and reduce stress or unnecessary tension. So this is where you would come in. Are you with me so far?"

Gears turned in my head, and what Charles was suggesting clicked in my head. I wasn't sure quite the extent of what he was implying, but it was clear that my line of work wouldn't be changing much. I felt pretty relieved actually. This could be a way to transition out of my old life to something slightly more professional, while still being fun. Even if what I was doing was similar, it would look good on paper and help me in the future. Besides, I figured I was more than qualified for what Charles seemed to be indicating. I nodded in affirmation.

"So you would essentially be the office stress-reliever. Now, I'll go into more detail later about this, but first, I just want to go over some technical details. Firstly, will you please sign this confidentiality form?"

He grabbed a piece of paper on his desk and pushed it over towards me, along with a pen. I picked up the pen and began reading the document. 

"It just says that what is discussed in this interview and whatever goes on in the office if you are hired cannot be discussed with anyone outside the work place for threat of firing and a lawsuit."

Charles' words made me a bit nervous, questioning what I had unintentionally gotten myself in to. But his way of speaking made it seem like not a big deal and actually reassured me. I put my signature on the bottom of the document.

Charles grabbed the piece of paper back from me and put it in a drawer in his desk. "Thank you for signing that. Now, I'm very specific in who I'm looking for to do this job. Let's start off with some questions about you. So firstly, can you tell me your age?"

"24," I answered. "But I've been working for quite a few years so having a job and taking orders isn't a new experience for me."

"Great! That is just about the perfect age for this. Now, I must say that you are absolutely gorgeous. Your skin is totally flawless and beautiful. Would you mind telling me your ethnicity?"

I thought for a moment, recalling my family's history. "My grandmother was Spanish, so I'm a quarter Latina."

"Well, as I said you look perfect. Now, we are a professional office and ask our employees to maintain a professional appearance. So I have to ask, are you currently or do you plan on getting pregnant?"

"Absolutely not," I firmly responded. "I'm certainly not ready nor have I found someone." 

"Okay. Do you have any tattoos or piercings?"

I nodded my head.

"Well may I ask where they are?"

"Oh, sure. Well, I have small tattoos on each wrist and one ankle, and a slightly larger one by my hip, which you wouldn't be able to see with work attire. Obviously ears are pierced, and then a couple non-visible piercings."

"Again, can you tell me where those are?"

"Well, my belly button and then my... um..." I paused for a moment, a little embarrassed. "clitoris."

"Okay, good to know. Plans for any more?"

"Not at the moment, no."

"What about any gauges or major cosmetic surgery?"

"Certainly not."

"Well, that's good," Charles stated. "I would hate for such beauty to be tampered with. Now can I ask your measurements?"

I was born very naturally gifted with an hourglass figure that I worked hard to maintain. "36-24-36," I answered. My assets had gotten me quite a lot and were probably my best quality.

Charles raised his eyebrows slightly and nodded his head. "Excellent. And your cup size?"

"DD or E." Charles' eyes now became unabashedly focused on my tits. I didn't mind at all. In fact, it rather turned me on. I was a bit of an exhibitionist, and liked knowing that men found me sexy. It's why I chose stripping instead of working at McDonald's or a gas station.

"And they're real, right?"

I had been asked this question too many times to count. I didn't blame anyone, because their fullness and round shape did make them look almost too good to be true. "They most certainly are," I proudly said.

"Wonderful! So before we go any further, I need to know not only how committed you would be to helping this office, but also how capable you are of doing so," Charles explained.

I picked up what he was putting down. "I would be more than happy to give you a little sample if it would help me get the position," I replied in a sultry tone.

"You're a clever girl," he responded. "Why don't you show me why I should hire you?"

I stood up out of my chair and walked around the desk so I was tight in front of Charles. I turned around and pulled up the bottom hem of my dress to above my waist. Charles was given a great view of my big butt, covered only in sheer lace panties. I hooked my fingers in the waistband and slowly pulled my panties down, letting them fall to the ground.

With my bottom half now exposed, I bent down over the desk, pushing his computer to the side. 

"Damn, you have a gorgeous ass, Eva," Charles complimented, ditching the proper and gentlemanly attitude.

In response, I shook my ass and rocked my hips back and forth, letting him see it jiggle. With both hands, I reached back and spread my cheeks, exposing my puckered asshole and pink pussy.

"Why thank you. Would you like a taste?" I asked.

"Definitely," he responded, leaning forward in his chair.

I quickly stood up and spun around to face him. "Not quite yet."

A smile crept over his face. "You're quite the tease, aren't you?"

I pushed the straps of my dress and bra off my shoulders, letting them hang down. "Maybe," I responded with a wink.

I slipped my arms out of the straps and slowly pushed my dress down. I wiggled my hips as I did so, giving Charles a little dance. My dress dropped to the floor and joined my panties.

I was standing in the middle of Charles' office with just my bra and high heels still on. I reached my hands up to my chest and cupped my big boobs. I usually wore my bras a cup too small so I always looked like I was about to burst out of them. This occasion was no different as the fabric struggled to contain my breasts.

I deftly undid the front clasp on the bra and let it fall off me, leaving my whole body exposed. Charles gave a small whistle as his eyes scanned my entire body, taking in every crevice and curve of my hourglass figure.

"You are very well... endowed, I must say, Eva," he remarked.

I smiled and straddled Charles on his chair, the wood creaking against the additional weight. I leaned into him and our mouths connected in a kiss. His surprisingly soft lips pushed aggressively back against mine, signifying who was still in control of the situation.

My hands wandered down his body, feeling the soft fabric of his expensive shirt. Eventually, they found his crotch. I could already feel Charles' bulging erection through his pants.

"Is that a zucchini wrapped in tin foil or are you just happy to see me?" I asked. I loved using that line, if only because it gave me the opportunity to think of something wildly ridiculous to equate to a man's hard-on.

Charles smiled slightly. "The former obviously."

My two hands worked in unison and Charles' pants and underwear were quickly undone and around his ankles. I looked down at Charles' big cock. A small bead of pre-cum was visible just at the tip, and very clear that he was ready to cum at any moment. 

One hand gripped Charles' cock at the base of his shaft. His dick wasn't particularly large length-wise but had a very wide girth, giving me a little difficulty wrapping my hand around the whole thing.

As I grabbed his cock, Charles grabbed me by the ass and pulled me closer to him, while at the same time sinking lower in his chair. This put my breasts right at his face-level. Charles extended his tongue and gently licked at one of my nipples. Immediately, I felt small sparks course through my body as my nipple began to harden.

Charles craned his neck forward and took my whole nipple in his mouth. His lips clamped down on the skin surrounding it. I could feel his tongue flicking back and forth over my nipple as he lightly sucked on it. With one hand still gripping my firm butt, his other one found its way to my unattended breast. Charles squeezed and groped my tit, giving me goosebumps as the flesh ran through his fingers. A small moan escaped from my mouth as he worked over my sensitive breasts.

With my hand wrapped firmly around his dick, I began slowly jerking it up and down. My hand moved along the length of his member, and I could feel the veins protruding from his skin. As I reached the engorged, dark head of his cock, my hand became costed in pre-cum, giving me some lubrication.

I gripped his cock harder, wanting to increase the friction. Charles was grunting into my breast as his climax came nearer and nearer. I could already feel his cock pulsing in my fingers, just waiting to explode. 

Charles moved his mouth over to my other breast, not wanting to leave that one out. He switched hands as well, continuing to grope one. My rock-hard nipples could probably cut diamonds at this point. I was extremely horny, but didn't have a method of relief right now.

Luckily for me, Charles must have anticipated that issue. The hand that had been resting on my ass moved further down until I felt the tip of his finger press against my pussy. I was already leaking pretty heavily, and Charles slipped two fingers in very easily, parting my wet lips.

I moaned again as I felt my pussy finally get some attention. But it was clear that Charles would be the one to break first. My hand jerked his cock at a furious pace, flying up and down his shaft. Droplets of pre-cum oozed out of his tip and were absorbed by my hand almost instantaneously. 

I could feel his cock throbbing heavily in my hand as I jerked him as fast as I could. Charles pulled his mouth off my tit and leaned back in his chair, removing his pumping fingers from my twat to my disappointment.

"Oh, fuck, I'm about to cum," he told me.

He wasn't lying. I felt his cock release its load as my hand ran over it. His first spurt rocketed out and landed on my stomach. The next few ropes landed just above my shaved pussy lips, before the rest of his load oozed out of his cock and onto my hand. 

"Fuuuck, that felt good. Eva, I have some good news. You're hired."

I smiled at Charles and leaned in for another kiss. His tongue explored my mouth for a little bit before he pulled away. 

"If you wouldn't mind returning to your seat, I would like to discuss the details of the job."

I dismounted from his chair and picked up my dress and underwear. Charles pulled his pants back up again, leaving him looking the exact same as before. I set my clothes down on the floor and sat down again in my chair, looking back at him.

"So for specifics. We have 15 employees in this office, and these are the men who you will be 'relieving stress' for."

I began licking Charles' cum off of my fingers, savoring the salty taste of his jizz. He paused for a moment as he watched me.

"What I expect from you is that you will pleasure each and every one of these 15 men at least once every day, and possibly more depending on the time you have left over. Are you with me so far?"

That did actually sound like a difficult job. I was a pretty accomplished slut, but inducing 15 climaxes every day would be a challenge. But one I would readily accept.

"Yes, Mr. Matheson. I look forward to it," I said in a sultry and confident tone.

"Good. Now I expect you to be willing to do whatever is requested of you or is necessary to minimize stress. Is that clear?"

I was a little apprehensive of the way he emphasized "whatever." It was a little ominous, but I didn't have much choice now. I nodded my head.

"Beyond those daily duties, you would also need to be ready for any special jobs but that would be more of a rarity."

"What do you mean?" I interrupted, wanting to fully understand what I was getting myself into.

"Pleasuring certain valuable clientele. Nothing that you wouldn't ordinarily be asked to do."

That made me a little bit nervous, but Charles' calming tone did have a way of persuading me. 

"So those would be your only responsibilities. Your hours would be pretty light, only 10-3, and you would be salaried. All in all, a quite comfortable job. I expect you to start by next Monday. Does everything sound good?"

"Yes, Mr. Matheson. Thank you for giving me this opportunity," I replied, genuinely meaning it.

"Glad to. Just be a good worker, and you won't run into any trouble."

He extended his hand for a shake. I extended the one that hadn't been used to give him a handjob. I ran a finger on my free hand over my stomach, collecting as much of his cum as I could, before licking my finger clean. Charles watched intently.

"Oh, I'm sure that it won't be an issue."

Charles smiled. "Wonderful meeting you, Eva."

I slipped back into my dress, tossing my bra and panties into my purse. I knew I would have to wash the dress as soon as I got home on account of the cum that was now being absorbed into the fabric. "I will see you on Monday, Mr. Matheson."

I began walking away before Charles stopped me.

"Oh, one more thing, Eva."

I turned back to face him.

"Make sure you're on birth control. To eliminate any... accidents. It's in your insurance plan."

"Certainly, Mr. Matheson," I replied, a very easy request to fulfill.

I again turned away and walked out of his office. As soon as the door shut behind me, I did a small fist-pump, proud of myself. I also realized that I was horny as hell from all of the sex talk and the brief tease Charles had given me. I left the office and found my way to my car as quickly as I possibly could.

As soon as I was in my car, my hands flew down to my dress and pulled the bottom up. The light breeze and cool air felt excellent rushing against my pussy, sending small tingles up my spine. I similarly pulled down the top of my dress, leaving the fabric hanging around my stomach with my big tits and pussy fully exposed. I was in a pretty empty parking garage, but even if somebody walked up to my car, I didn't care. Right now, I was too horny to pay any attention to anything besides getting myself off.

I moved my fingers to my mouth and immediately lubed up my middle and index finger with my saliva, although I didn't think it would be necessary. My other hand came up to my chest as I playfully twisted a nipple between my fingers. The slight pain was nullified immediately as the nerves were stimulated and my nipples became erect again.

Spreading my legs as far apart as I could in the cramped space, I brought the two wet fingers down to my shaved pussy. I ran them along the length of my crotch, wanting to get a feel for how wet I was. Very, apparently. I lined my fingers up with my opening, and quickly pushed the digits all the way in. My wet twat swallowed them up with ease.

"Oh, shit," I cried out, muffled by the closed doors of the car. I curled my fingers back and found my g-spot. As soon as I pressed down on it, another loud moan escaped from my mouth. I pulled my finger almost all the way out before slamming them back down again, causing me to cry out. 

My pace was immediately increased as I worked as fast as I could to get myself off. My fingers were thrusting in and out of my pussy, eliciting an increasingly loud cry with each successive thrust. 

Almost instinctively, my thumb founds its way to my pierced clit. The cold metal contrasted with my warm flesh, and sent shivers down my spine. As soon as I felt that increased sensation, I screamed out, and very nearly orgasmed there, but wasn't quite able to reach it. I fingered myself and rubbed my clit as vigorously as I could but needed something else to truly reach my peak.

I moved my other hand way from its spot massaging my breasts and lubed up two fingers just as I had done previously. With my pussy and clit still being pleasured, I snuck the two fingers below my hand and pressed them against my hole. 
