 PART 5 - NOTHING UNDERNEATH

60

"Um," biting her lip, "I was kind of hoping you might say something like that . . . ," Rachel whispered as she looked down at two pairs of matching white slippers for a few seconds, and then slowly working up her courage as her green eyes followed the soft fabric of Abby's crimson robe up the curves of her body to her pretty face and high cheekbones. 

Then, with one breath Rachel blurted out. "So, last night was really hot, and I'm really horny, and I want to fuck again, and Mark didn't want to get up, and I'm really horny, and I want to suck Jason's cock?" 

"Rachel?!" Abby said, her brown eyes bulging with surprise. What did we set free last night, she asked herself with a devilish smile as she looked back at her red-headed friend to see if she was joking. 

"I do!" Rachel said earnestly, feeling herself becoming wet as she confessed her desires. "I want to see his cock, and I want to put it into my mouth and hear him moan as I play with his balls," Rachel said more loudly, surprising herself with her directness but becoming more confident as she heard herself speaking her thoughts aloud. 

"And I want to watch him fuck you," she said. "I was picturing you guys last night, and I was trying to imagine what you were doing and what you looked like. You sounded so hot, and I want you to do it again . . . Ooh, and I want Mark to hear it all through the wall and stroke his cock. But the lazy fucker is *not* allowed to come over here! He had his chance." Rachel smiled gleefully.

61

On the other side of the suite, Jason woke from restful sleep to the sound of two women trying to talk quietly and failing miserably. He rolled onto his back and looked across the room at Abby and Rachel huddled together. He could see the backs of their heads above the couch. Abby had her hair down, but he could see the back of Rachel's slender white neck with her red hair pulled high above and the shoulders of her red robe below. 

Jason couldn't make out what the women were saying, but their excited tones were enough to start his imagination. He figured that they must have been sharing the details from last night. Rachel and Abby had been friends since grad school, and they shared just about everything. 

Jason thought about last night too, and his cock, which had been hard from the second that he awoke, started to throb. He reached down and rubbed it with his right hand. A warm sensation of pleasure spread up to his head and down to his balls. 

62

Abby thought carefully about Rachel's proposal and what this would mean for their relationship, and for her relationship with Jason. She knew that Jason would be into it, and the idea was turning her on too, but Abby usually liked to plan, and be in control of, the situation, and she . . . "Well, ok then!" Abby replied startling herself somewhat. She was a little scared at what she had unleashed last night but excited to see how Jason would look as he woke up to a head of red hair in his crouch. "What are you wearing under your robe?" she asked Rachel. 

"Nothing," Rachel said standing and untying her belt to let the robe open to expose her porcelain skin, the red triangle tuft of hair between her legs, and her firm tits. She stood for a second so that Abby could see, and then she pulled the robe off of her shoulders and let it slip to the floor. 

63

Abby turned to look over the back of the couch and stare at Rachel's beautiful white ass spotted with black and blue bruises as the redhead sauntered over to Jason and the king-sized bed. Rachel swayed her hips from side to side slowly and deliberately as she walked to exaggerate her curves. 

Hit suddenly by the reality of a naked woman walking across the hotel room to fuck her husband, Abby felt a mixture of excitement, jealousy, terror, and lust course through her body. Unsure of what to do next, she reached under her red robe and rubbed herself lightly, sighing with familiar pleasure. Oh fuck, she thought, this is happening. 

64

Jason pretended to sleep as Rachel climbed onto the bed and crawled on all fours towards him. She watched her tits sway playfully in the mirror. The bed shook slightly, and Jason rolled onto his side to turn his back to the naked woman. He wanted to see what she would do to wake him. 

Neither noticed a knock at the door, but Abby heard it and suddenly remembered the coffee. "Um . . . Ok," Abby said to no one as she turned to answer the door without adjusting her robe. 

"Good morning, madame!" a man in a brown hotel uniform said reflexively holding a silver tray with white gloves. He smiled shyly at the sight of the brunette in front of him, and then almost dropped the tray when he noticed that her robe was half open. "Thank you for bring it up so quickly!" Abby said helping him to steady it. "Here's your tip!" She said releasing the tray and opening both sides of her robe to expose her naked body. She held it open for several seconds and enjoyed the man's eyes taking in her breasts, stomach, hips and legs. Then, without fixing her clothes, she took the tray and turned to head back into the room leaving him standing in the doorway with his mouth open. "Have a nice day!" She said over her shoulder as the door slowly closed behind her. 

65

Rachel eyed Jason's black hair and broad shoulders and then followed the twisted sheets down his back to his butt and exposed legs. Raising herself up to sit on her feet, she placed her right hand on his firm ass and dug her nails into his skin through the sheet. 

"Ouch," Jason said turning towards Rachel with fake anger. He then smiled at the sight of the ginger's naked body right above him - her red curls pulled back high on her head, her green eyes and cute freckled cheeks smiling down at him, her supple breasts hovering within reach, and her trimmed red pussy only inches away. Jason pulled open the luxurious sheets to free his fully erect cock. "Hi, Rae."

"Well, good morning!" Rachel exclaimed eyeing Jason's crotch with excitement. How are you today," she asked his dick as she leaned in, wrapped her slender fingers around its base and took it fully into her mouth.

"Unh!" Jason moaned and he squeezed his butt to raise his hips up to help guide himself past her lips and then, falling back to the bed, "Good morning to you too!" 

66

Wait, where's Abby, he thought as Jason pulled himself out of Rachel's mouth. He moved up the bed to prop himself up on his elbows and the pillow wedged up against the mirrored headboard. Rachel ignored his question and followed Jason's hips up the bed to resume sucking. 

Trying to focus, Jason sighed with relief at the sight of Abby reclined on a high-backed chair nearby that she had turned to face the bed. She had her legs spread on either armrest and her robe open for all to see. Jason admired the curves of her body and savored the mouth on his dick as he watched Abby pinch her right nipple with her left hand and rub circles around her clit with her right. "Hi, baby!" She said, "Happy good morning!"

"Unh . . . good morning!" Jason replied before moaning deeply again as Rachel rubbed warm saliva up and down his cock and flicked her tongue along the underside of his balls. 

67

Abby was surprised by how much the sight of Rachel's head between Jason's legs was making her wet. She loved to listen to the sounds he made when she fucked him, and being able to sit back and watch him being pleasured was a fun treat. His dark blue eyes and shuffled black hair looked so cute, and she loved the way his face contorted as Rachel worked his cock. 

Abby slid two of her painted fingers inside of herself and reached to touch her G spot. The pressure sent a spike of warmth up her spine. She bit her lip and scanned the room for the yellow dildo that she had used the night before. Spying it on the floor near the bed, she slipped out of her robe, walked over to pick it up, and stepped into the bathroom to wash it off. 

68

Enjoying Rachel's mouth bouncing up and down rhythmically, Jason turned his body to reach her left breast and play gently with her nipple. He felt the weight of her freckled tit fill his hand and fondled her smooth skin. The warm perfumed smell of her feminine body wafted over him, and he breathed deeply through his nose to take it in.

"Pinch it," Rachel said, pulling him out of her mouth and licking the underside of his cock. Jason obliged, and his fingers caused a jolt of pleasure and pain to travel along the woman's naked body. "Unh!" She let out. "Harder!" Jason leaned forward to reach her right breast as well and pinched both of her nipples hard simultaneously. Rachel was very wet already at the thought of what she was doing, and, unable to take it anymore, she reached back to touch herself. 

69

On the other side of the wall, Mark's bed rocked occasionally, and he could hear his wife's muffled moans mixing with Jason's sighs. He couldn't quite figure out what the threesome were doing, but it was enough to pique his cock's interest. 

Mark wasn't the jealous type, and he often fantasized about watching Rachel fucking other people. He had been thinking just that when he suggested that she go visit their friends. He couldn't help but feel a little lonely though, and he thought for a second about going next door to see what was going on, more enviuous of not being part of the action than anything else. But then he laid back and tried to imagine what was happening based on the fun noises coming through the wall. Still naked from last night, Mark grabbed himself through the blankets and rubbed the soft sheets up and down his erect shaft.

70

After a few of moments of trying to suck Jason and rub herself at the same time, Rachel suddenly felt a familiar but unexpected wave of intense pleasure wash over her as something thick and hard pushed itself deep inside of her. She threw her head back and sucked in a quick breath as the yellow dildo was pulled out and pushed back in again. "Oh, fuck, yes!" Rachel said turning to look back with dilating eyes. 

Abby looked at the redhead with an impish grin on her face, grabbed Rachel's pale hip, and continued her work pleasuring her friend. "Sorry, I should have asked, but I couldn't resist."

"Oh,no . . . unh . . . No need to . . . unh!!" Rachel said as she pushed her hips back to meet the hard yellow cock. Abby had to take the dildo in both hands to brace herself against Rachel's eager thrusts, and she smiled at her naked self in the mirror. 

70

Abby had thought for a second about using her favorite sex toy on her own pussy but had changed her mind when she imagined what Rachel's face might look like if she surprised her. The look had been better than she had thought and indescribably sexy - the picture of pure, unexpected joy. 

Abby hadn't really thought much about other women's vaginas before, although she loved the female form. If she was being honest, the thought of giving someone cunnilingus terrified her, although she decided that she wouldn't say "no" to a warm, skilled tongue of either sex if given the opportunity. But she could really get used to this new way to fuck someone. Rachel was clearly enjoying being occupied from both ends, and Abby watched her freckled face in the mirror as Rachel sighed with pleasure and lowered her head to re-focus on Jason. 

71

The mirror behind Mark began to shake as the movements next door sent rhythmic waves through the wall. He pulled back the soft covers to get direct access to his cock. 

72

Abby twisted the base of the yellow toy and rubbed its now vibrating length on Rachel's clit. "Nnnnnnnaaah . . . Aaaaah!" The redhead exclaimed as shivers of pleasure radiated through her body. She could no longer focus on Jason's cock, or anything else, but she hung onto it to steady herself as she dropped from her hands to rest her elbows and forearms on the bed. Abby repositioned the vibrator and held it in place as she rubbed Rachel's lower back and butt With her other hand. 

Jason moved down the bed to take the moaning woman's right nipple in his mouth. He flicked his tongue back and forth across the pink erection and sucked gently while playing with her other nipple between his thumb and forefinger. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! . . . Nnnnnnnnaaaaaaah!" Rachel yelled as her hips spasmed and her legs shook uncontrollably. "Mmmmm, yes! Oh, fuck, yes!" Rachel sighed with pleasure. 

Jason and Abby smiled at each other on either ends of their naked friend. "Ok . . . Ok . . . Please turn it off," Rachel finally said catching her breath. "Oh god," she said collapsing onto Jason. "That was fun."

73

"You are so fucking hot!" Abby said looking down at her sated friend and running her hands down her back to her butt and thighs. Jason wrapped his arms around the naked red head and held her for a moment feeling her breasts push into his skin and her heart beat rapidly in her chest. 

Rachel turned her face to meet Jason's and gave him a deep, wet kiss. As Jason kissed the woman back, he got a strong urge to continue fucking, and he thought for a second about how three naked bodies could fit together. But Abby was faster. 

"Ok, my turn," the naked and horny brunette said smacking her red-headed friend's bruised ass playfully. "Move over, please."

As Rachel rolled onto her back to watch what would happen next, Abby climbed up the bed to hover right above Jason's erect cock. She then stroked him a few times and guided him into her as she lowered herself slowly. "Nnuh!" She gasped as she smiled to herself in the mirror, admiring her perky tits. She then started to bounce up and down with increasing pace and a hard smack of skin against skin. "Oh, yes! she sighed, throwing back her head and licking her lips, "My . . . unh. . . fucking . . unh . . . turn!"