 The idea for this came to me while writing "'Professional' Women," posted in the category "Reviews & Essays." You don't have to read it, just know that "Randy" is real person, a friend of mine whom I have included in this story. Randy - a telling alias - and I had a few trips together, mentioned in that review. This fictional story lets us have a lot more fun than on any of those trips.




After Randy's suggestions about another trip together, we agreed to go to Burma. His travel bureau found one for us, just a small group, but that was good, letting the two of us not be dominated by a larger group. 

We all met in the airport in Bangkok: three couples, a single man, two women and us, plus our European tour guide. We were immediately on a first-name basis, not usual for a group of Europeans. 

People who choose to go to Burma have taken tours to other exotic places, as had Randy and I. We had been on tours where less experienced travelers had complained that everything wasn't like back home. Our group proved very compatible in that regard, others mentioning that they knew that our trip could be a little adventurous, all of us agreeing. 

We flew to Rangoon and were taken to our hotel, joined by a Burmese guide. Randy and I had single rooms, the two women shared a room. At dinner, we all introduced ourselves further, confirming our expectations that we all had experience with this kind of tour. Two of the couples discovered that they could have met in Egypt. The other couple countered with where it had been. had been, but Randy and I had also been there, all chuckling that tours took people to see the same things. The single man, was reticent, just nodding. The two women joined in the conversation, when they could tell that they had also visited the one or other country mentioned.

The next day, we toured Rangoon, in the evening sharing our experiences in the large market, where we had gone our own ways. When our guide suggest that we have a drink in the famous old colonial hotel, we all agreed. Randy insisted on paying for all our drinks, a gesture that welded the group together. It was promising to be a very good trip, one without a wet blanket, even when we learned that the two women were school teachers. 

School teachers on such trips have the reputation for second guessing the guide on every point, having read not only the guidebook but also everything else they could find about the country. There was an old joke in our common language: what is the difference between the Lord God and a school teacher? The Lord God is omniscient; a school teacher is a know-it-all, "knows it all better" in the language. Our school teachers weren't like that – to our general relief.

The next day, we set off in a mini-bus, listening to our guides' explanations. That evening, we couldn't all sit together, Randy and I sat with Marie and Anna, the teachers. The single man had chosen to sit with one of the couples. 

Randy and I were pleased that the women seemed to enjoy our company, although we were graying, older than they were, but also not so young. Remarks about their trips together, suggested that they were both over forty, maybe closer to fifty. If so, they were still ten years younger than us. When they asked about us, Randy shaved a few years off about how long we knew each other. I recognized that there could be some discrepancies from what we had already told, but Marie and Anna didn't pick up on them.

After dinner, we were all sitting together in the lounge with another drink, talking about what we had seen, just mild confirmations that we had all read our guidebooks. 

The next evening in the next hotel, we sat with them again, now more familiar – and drinking a little more. It had been a long day, and the others murmured about going to bed and did, leaving the four of us alone. When Randy suggested another round of drinks, Marie and Anna agreed. We drank. They glanced at each other. One of them shrugged slightly and said: 

"If you're wondering, we always share a room together."

"Of course," I replied: "to avoid the surcharge for a single room."

"Of course," the other one agreed, the other one nodding, but smirking slightly.

Randy caught her expression, before I did, and smiled, replying: 

"If you know each other for so long."

"We do, since teachers college." 

"Nice," I remarked. The other one – Marie – looked a little embarrassed. 

Anna glance at her and shrugged slightly with the hint of smile, and murmured: 

"Yes, nice, why we like our trips together."

Marie nodded involuntarily, wrinkling her nose. Marie wrinkled hers, but smiled at us, then remarking: 

"Guess you know what we mean, but we're not just like that."

Marie quickly took a better drink, and we all did. Marie stilled looked a little discomforted at the turn of the conversation. Randy smiled and replied: 

"We aren't either, if that is what you were thinking." 

The women both shook their heads with grins, and we all drank again, then exchanging, sharing wry grins. We emptied out glasses. When Randy held his up with a questioning expression, we all nodded, chuckling softly, and another round was served. 

We all had a sip, exchanging glances – with raised eyebrows. We sipped again. The bartender was wiping up, putting away glasses. The women glanced at each other. They shrugged slightly, wobbling their heads questioningly. Then Anna remarked: 

"He wants to go to bed. Maybe we can finish our drinks in our room." 

Then Randy and I had to shrug, but we immediately nodded with what I hoped were just smiles of agreement, not smirks. The women nodded with smiles and we stood up. I called for the drinks to be put on my room number, and we left the bar. 

On the way to their room, I had to wonder if this was the first time they had invited men on a trip to join them. Despite Marie's initial reactions, she had had no problem with Anna's suggestion. Was her suggestion everything that it could mean? Had one or the other of them given us better smile? I hadn't noticed, and I didn't care; both of them were equally attractive - to a man my age. More attractive than my wife - or Randy's? But they weren't here, had always refused to join our trips together.

We were in their room: two beds, only two chairs. When Anna turned on a bedside lamp, Marie turned off the overhead light. Did her turning off the light only suggest that it was too bright? Anna, already between the beds, sat down on one, patting it next to her. Randy joined her, sitting closer than I would have. I waited for Marie to sit down facing them and then also sat down. We raised our glasses and had a sip, then smiling a little quizzically. Anna asked: 

"What were we talking about?" 

"You were saying that the bartender wanted to go to bed," Randy replied with a suppressed smirk. I, at least, recognized it as one. 

"To let him," she replied. Had she emphasized "him"? Or hadn't she – implying that she could be talking about us? 

"What else were we talking about?" Marie asked, sounding like she wanted to change the subject. 

Randy, always quicker than I, answered: 

"I said we weren't like that."

Anna grinned with a nod and replied: 

"Oh yeah, that we aren't either, even if we enjoy each others' company sometimes."

I didn't glance over at Marie, but felt her flinch in response. Randy almost grinned at me. I was surprised to hear myself reply: 

"Why not? I like to do that," then even more surprised at what I had said. 

There was a moment of surprised silence. Randy looked as surprised as I felt I was; Anna not quite so surprised, then smirking slightly. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Marie turn her head. I looked at her with an apologetic expression and murmured: 

"Maybe I shouldn't have said that."

She nodded with a slightly wry smile. Anna, however, chuckled and replied: 

"I guess you understood."

Marie almost laughed, making us all look at her, and replied: 

"I guess you do. Yeah, we do, ... when no one else is around."

There was a very pregnant silence. I didn't dare to glance over again at Marie. We all looked at our glasses and had a better sip, then looking at our glasses again. Well, I assumed that the others also were. The Randy murmured: 

"Maybe we should leave you: 'no one else around'." 

I was surprised at his tactful suggestion, not quite in line with his earlier remarks. I was even more surprised, however, when I saw Anna put her hand on his thigh, holding it, almost as though to make sure that he didn't leave. He glanced at her and she at him, both shrugging with slight smiles. When he put his hand on hers, I realized that I was going to have to do something to show my agreement and suggest it to Marie, and quickly. Without looking at her, I put my hand on her thigh, my thumb and fingers around it. Her thighs twitched together. We didn't look at each other, but she chuckled once, very softly. Randy and Anna were looking at us, both with a slight nod, only the corners of their lips moving in the slightest of smiles. 

Marie's thighs twitched again, and then she did look over at me, and I at her. We also both shrugged slightly with bemused expressions. We all took another sip. Then Anna emptied her glass, and we other three emptied ours. We all looked at each other again with slightly quizzical expressions. I thought I heard us all chuckle softly, wondering what was going to happen. Well, that seemed pretty obvious, but how, all four of us in one room together?

Then Anna reached over and took Randy's glass, and Marie took mine, and they put all our glasses on the table between the beds, and Anna turned off the bedside lamp. It was dark enough that we didn't have to feel that we could be watching each other or be watched. I heard Anna chuckle and saw the silhouette of their heads and shoulders disappear. Marie's thighs twitched again, and then I felt her hand on mine and heard her soft "um-hmm." I agreed, and we also dropped back on the bed. Whatever was going to happen was going to happen. It was their room, their decision.

In the dark, Marie's reserve disappeared. When my arm slid around her waist, her hand immediately found my shoulder, drawing me over on her. It had been a long time since I kissed like that - except when in bed with my wife - and I was glad that I had shaved during my shower before dinner.. And it sure wasn't like a first French kiss with a girl back when, wondering if I could venture to find bare skin with my hand, When my fingers found the hem of her polo shirt, she nodded. My hand slipped under it, and she encouraged me with an "uhn-hnn" that I more felt than heard. When my thigh slid over hers, her other one drew up on mine. 

Oh yes, this was going to be good, was being good! My hand slid around on her stomach – nice firm stomach, reminding me that one of them taught sports and that the other one had said that she 

went to a dance class every week. My hand slid up to her breast, over her bra, one that let my fingers feel her stiff nipple. She hummed again with a nod, and then exhaled strongly, suggesting that I could push her bra up. When I did and held her breast again, she drew a deep breath, pressing it in my hand. 

We were going to have to take off our clothes somehow. My hand slid around and found the hooks of her bra, just a small bra, like her breasts. My fingers hadn't forgotten how to pop the hooks of a bra, although it had been decades since they had done that. But her polo shirt? She had the same idea. After unbuttoning two buttons of my shirt, she murmured: "Should have worn a blouse," and sat up and pulled off her shirt and took off her bra, while I quickly took off my shirt, hoping that she didn't mind that I had hair on my chest. 

She didn't. When we were back on the bed, my hand finding her breast again, she rubbed my chest with a chuckle and murmured: "nice, manly." We moved further back across the bed and rolled back together again, our thighs overlapping, now with my arm under her head. When my hand slid down over her pants, she nodded and murmured: "Them too, elastic." My hand slid up and slid inside, cotton panties and nice round ass, that she tightened with a chuckle. Her hand also slid down, finding my leather belt. I had to roll back and help her unbuckle it, then letting her open my trousers, her fingers about as experienced as mine had been with her bra. 

While she was, we heard chuckles and rustling on the other bed. Randy and Anna could probably have recognized what we were then doing, having to raise our hips to get the rest of our clothes off. By then, my cock had lost some of its starch. I wondered if Marie was going to hold it, but we just rolled back together again, enjoying feeling naked skin on naked skin, with our hands too. 

The others were chuckling and exchanging hums, but then Randy suddenly said – more than a murmer: 

"I've got to go."

"Me too," Anna agreed, and then Marie nodded with a chuckle, and I agreed: 

"We do too." 

We all snickered and got up. The light in the bathroom made us all blink a couple of times, but then revealed that Randy had a proud erection. He chuckled with a sheepish expression. Anna sat down on the toilet, grinning at him, at suggested: 

"Better go in the shower."

He turned with a nod, but I knew from my own experience that it would be a several moments before he could. I was able to hold my cock down and go in the washbasin. I was tempted to try to aim at the overflow hole under the spigot, but didn't, and turned on the tap. Anna joined me, snickering as she saw my stream die down. I heard Marie's stream hissing in the toilet. This wasn't like anything I had ever experienced before, two naked couples crowded in a small hotel bathroom, two naked couples, who had just met a couple of days before, and were seeing each other in the light for the first time. 

Anna had grabbed her still moist washcloth and was wiping her pussy. I rinsed my cock with my hands. By then, Randy was waiting to rinse his. When I stepped back and looked at Marie, appreciating that her breasts were really quite adequate on her figure, her nipples popped out. She wrinkled her nose and rubbed her forearm over them. When they popped out again, she just shrugged with a grin. She then wiped her pussy, only giving me a glance in the mirror with funny expression. 

By then, I – and Randy too, of course – had seen that both of them trimmed their pubic hair, maybe shaved the sides, but no "landing strips." With chuckles, the light was turned off, and we returned to the room. We had taken a couple of steps towards the beds, when Marie asked softly: 

"All of us, here?"

"Unless you two want to get dressed and go in their room," Anna replied.

When I rubbed Marie's ass, she murmured: 

"I guess not," and found my hand with hers. 

The women flung back the covers, and we all lay down. Marie and I embraced again and kissed, and my hand found her breast again. When my cock began to respond, I murmured: 

"I told you that I liked to do that."

"Hm-hmm, um-hmm," she agreed, and loosened our embrace. 

As I began to turn around on the bed, she moved down it. Of course, she knew that my legs needed space at the head of the bed, just like when the two of them licked each other's pussy, and she knew to draw her thigh up under my head. 

Oh, this was going to be good! I just loved to lick pussy, and all the way, like they must do, better than with my wife, who always wanted to get on top of me before I could enjoy that, because she didn't want to let me come in her mouth. But would Marie even want to suck my cock – and let me?! 

She let me draw my thigh up under her head, and drew her other one up over mine, up past my shoulder, offering her pussy to be licked and sucked. Nice, young pussy! Well, maybe not so young, but not like one that had had two babies. And she did want to suck my cock, but all the way? 

"Mmmm!" She did, without any hesitation! Just because she liked to have her pussy licked to such a wet orgasm and knew that was part of it? Or did she really like it: feeling me spurt in her mouth and tasting it? 

I crawled back around. She hummed, purring, and rolled on me, finding my mouth with hers. When I licked her lips, she chuckled in her throat, and then her tongue and my slippery semen were in my mouth. Of course, I knew how it tasted, not just from licking my fingers, but it had been a very long time since a girl had done that with me, just one, an American girl I had met in a foreign country. 

Marie was chuckling at her success, and I hummed my appreciation, grasping her ass and drawing her up on me. We both hummed, and then were aware of the sounds from the other bed, I had never heard another couple fucking before, but there was no question that Anna and Randy were. We held still and listened for a few moments, then she chuckled softly. I more felt her stomach moving on mine than heard her. She slid her mouth down to my ear and whispered: 

"If they want to do it that way." I turned my face to her ear and whispered back: 

"That's good too."

"Hm-hmm, yes, ... but ...?"

"If you like to do that, again?"

"Hm-hmm! As much as you did."

"Very!" 

We chuckled, kissing again, and my hands were trying to find the back of her pussy between her thighs. She responded with a growling moan in her throat. When I rolled my thighs apart, she nodded and began to move back between them. 

If she didn't really love to suck a cock, she sure knew how. I wasn't going to stop her, but when it began to feel like she didn't want to stop, she did. When she began to move up over me again, I was reminded of how it had been with girls before I was married, but I was still surprised by the alacrity with which she immediately guided my cock in her pussy. Back then, the girls had let me help. 

In her tight pussy! Maybe not as tight as those I remembered, but a lot tighter than my wife's, mother of two kids. And Marie knew more about fucking than those young girls had! They hadn't churned my cock in their pussies like she was. When she dropped down on me and began to fuck with her hips, and my fingers rubbed her asshole, she moaned. I hadn't done that back when with those girls, only later with my wife, but Marie wanted it more than I had dared to at home, encouraging me: "Uhn! Yeah, better. Uhn-hnn! Like that! Uhnnn!" 

Her asshole was clenching my finger, and her tight pussy was clutching my cock. Fuck! I had to wait so many years for it to be like this? When was the last time I had had two orgasms in one night - not just in the evening and then maybe in the morning? Fuck! I still could in such a nice tight clutching pussy! Hopefully, not before it did too! 

I did, but then she did, all wet again. "Slap, slap slap ..." our hips coming together, my cock suffering from its over-sensitivity after my orgasm. She collapsed on me with long, moaning sigh, our stomachs heaving against each other. 

I suddenly remembered that we weren't alone. What had the others thought about that? I didn't want to know, but then Randy chuckled and called over: 

"Congratulations! That sounded almost as good as what we did."

"Fuck you!" I exclaimed. Marie chuckled and replied more civilly: 

"It couldn't have been better."

We all chuckled, snickering, and Anna remarked: 

"Here too, couldn't have been better."

We chuckled again, Marie and I kissing, kissing again; we had been fucking with our tongues in each other's mouth. She rolled off me and sat up and gathered up the covers. We all murmured good night and were silent, my arm around Marie and holding her breast, her hand on mine. 

In the early morning; I woke up with a morning woody, it taking a few moments for me to remember where I was, and then a couple more to recall that I was in bed with Marie behind me. While I was enjoying remembering how we had gotten there and that Randy and Anna were in the other bed, I heard her chuckle and murmur: 
