 Lisa had missed her history exam, getting caught up in a shoot at the studio with Sarah. She really needed to pass that class, though; it was her last semester and she didn't want to have to put off graduation for one course!

She had emailed Professor Richardson to ask if she could make it up, and gotten a short reply: "See me in my office hours tomorrow."

She was nervous about it; he was very stern in the classroom. But he hadn't rejected her request outright, so there was hope at least. She put on her nicest skirt and sweater, wanting to make a good impression.

Classes were over and the halls of the history building were mostly empty. She knocked on the professor's office door tentatively.

"Come in," he called out.

She opened the door and went in. Her professor was sitting behind his desk grading some papers. He looked up as she came in. His expression turned serious, but not unfriendly. He stood up and leaned on the desk, gesturing toward the small sofa in the office.

"Hello, Lisa," he said.

"Good afternoon, Professor," she said as she settled onto the couch.

"What are we going to do about this exam?" he wondered aloud.

"Well I thought maybe I could make it up," she began.

"It's not just one exam, Lisa," he said, stroking his goatee. "You have an attendance problem. How can we turn this around and make sure you take this course seriously?"

"Oh I'm very serious about it, Professor." She looked at him earnestly and clasped her hands together. "I need to pass this class; I'll make up time, do extra credit, anything!"

"I'm glad to hear that. I do want you to pass, and to learn. I think we need to start off with an appropriate punishment for your behavior first of all."

"Oh, well, okay," she said uncertainly, shifting on her seat. "What kind of punishment?"

"You don't worry about that," he said, now with a slightly satisfied smile. "You just do exactly as you are told, and I'll show you. Do a very good job, young lady, and don't ask any questions, and we just might be able to think of a way to save your grade. Think you can handle that?"

She swallowed nervously. "Yes, Professor."

"Good."

He unlatched his belt and slowly slid it out of its loops, watching her. She opened her mouth, but stopped herself from asking any of the questions that suddenly ran through her mind. Instead she lifted her chin and folded her hands in her lap and tried to wait like a good girl as he doubled it over in his hands and stroked the leather. Would he really? She couldn't believe it; maybe he was just testing her. But she was going to pass this class!

"Alright, stand up."

She was a little startled by the commanding tone of her professor's voice. He sounded like there was not the slightest doubt that he would be obeyed. And she realized that any doubt she had was quickly evaporating. She stood, smoothing her skirt against her legs.

"Come over here. That's right, up against my desk. Now bend over."

Lisa's heart was beating hard and fast. She felt his hand firmly on her back, pushing her down until the upper half of her body was laying flat on the desk. It was smooth and cool on her cheek where her head was resting, and a little rough where her fingers were gripping the edge, down by her hips.

"Legs straight," he said. She unbent her knees, raising her ass a few inches up off the desk, arching her lower back because he was still holding her body down against it's hard surface. "Good girl." She felt the leather belt brush against the backs of her thighs and suddenly, strangely, felt a rush of moisture in her panties. How could that be? She was so embarrassed, how could she be turned on?

The belt flipped her skirt up over her hips and then moved back down, over the thin fabric of her panties, then the bare skin of her thighs, and even slipped between her legs to lightly touch the sensitive skin there.

"Pull your panties down," said the professor. She hooked her fingers under the waistband and peeled them down over the cheeks of her ass, and the sticky wetness around her pussy. "All the way," he said.

She shimmied a little and they fell to the floor, pooling around her ankles. She felt excited and humiliated at the same time, waiting for her spanking. The first one came right across her ass with a loud crack, and made her yelp.

"You're doing well so far," he said, and Lisa felt his bare palm resting on her ass, gently rubbing where the belt had struck. She was so wet she could feel the slickness spreading under his hand, and knew he could feel it too. He pushed in a little, palm right against her pussy, as if to say, "Yes, I do feel how wet you are," and then took his hand away. "Just a few more. You may make some noise if you like."

The next one fell across the backs of her thighs, followed quickly by a stinging stripe across the upper half of her cheeks, and one right where cheeks met legs, which, in her current position, also treated her to a hot jolt of pain right across her swollen labia. It felt like it made a splash, spattering her moisture across her ass and legs with the impact, and she cried out in surprise, a warm sensation spreading over her. She realized her mouth was open and her breath was coming in quick pants.

"That's a very good girl," he said, again lightly rubbing where he struck, stroking the welts he had raised with the backs of his fingers.

"Thank you, Professor," she said breathlessly.

"Now you can help me with this part."

"What can I do?"

"Reach back and spread your ass cheeks apart for me."

She reached around and pulled, making a wet sound as the sticky skin separated, feeling her asshole stretch. The professor's knuckles lightly moved up and down her slit, sliding between her labia and against her clit and asshole. She could feel her juices starting to run down her inner thigh now. He slipped a finger inside her pussy, then another, moving them in and out, feeling her with his fingertips. She gasped and softly moaned, throbbing around his fingers, getting close.

But he pulled out and laid his fingertip lightly on her asshole and said, "No, I don't think you've earned that quite yet." 

He circled the tight ring with his slippery finger, and then pushed it slowly in, working her wetness into the hole, sliding out and back in. He scooped up more of her moisture with his other hand, rubbing it around, and worked a second finger into her ass, making her cry out again. She felt so stretched and full she could barely stand it; her pussy seemed to pulse and spasm, wanting attention he would not give. He was leaning on her a little and she could feel his erection pressing against her hip through his thin pants. She moved her hand to stroke it through the fabric, feeling it's shape and thickness.

"Please, Professor," she begged, "let me have your cock, please! I need it!"

He pulled his fingers out and smacked her, hard, on the pussy, causing an explosion of sharp sensation that shocked her. She gasped again, eyes rolling back in her head.

"You want cock, do you?" he asked.

She nodded against the hard desk, wetting her cheek in the little puddle of tears there. She hadn't even realized she was crying, the pain had been so strangely pleasurable. Her mascara must be all over her face.

"I'll give it to you, but you have to earn it. I need you to be my secretary now. You can stand up." The professor was walking around to a drawer. He handed her a slip of paper and gestured to the phone on his side table. "Phone my colleague for me. Just read from this."

She stood slowly, feeling smeared and disheveled, pussy dripping wet, and took the phone and dialed the number on the page.

"This is Dr. Smith," said a deep, unfamiliar voice.

"Hello Doctor," she said as professionally as she could manage. As she read down the script she felt her face getting hot and red. "I'm a student of Professor Richardson's. I've been very bad lately, and need to be disciplined."

"Oh, I see."

"The professor and I would appreciate your assistance with this matter."

"Well I can be there in a few minutes."

"Thank you very much," she whispered, looking at her professor with pleading eyes. He only smiled at her discomfort. "And round up a student or two if you can," she finished, hanging up the phone. She was absolutely dizzy with embarrassment, and arousal.

-----

Lisa opened the door for the professor's guests when the knock came. She had not been permitted to clean up or put on her panties, which still lay on the floor near the desk.

"Good afternoon, gentlemen," she said submissively. "May I take your coats?"

"Certainly," said Dr. Smith, a tall black man with a smooth shaved head and strong features. His smile was kind and genuine, but there was a hint of a devilish smirk there too. The young man with him stared at her with a look of intrigued bewilderment as he handed over a varsity jacket and watched her hang the garments in a small closet.

"This way," she said, leading them to the sofa. "Please have a seat."

"I'm sure my guests would like to see the progress we've made with your punishment so far, Lisa," said the professor, standing beside her as the newcomers got comfortable. He unbuttoned her skirt, which opened like a wrap, and lifted it off, leaving her completely naked below the navel. "Go ahead and turn around for them, young lady."

She turned slowly, knees trembling, not two feet from the men watching her. Her smooth pussy was glistening with wetness, swollen and throbbing, clit standing out prominently with arousal. On the other side she displayed an ass covered with raised red welts and hand prints. The younger one was staring at her with his mouth hanging open.

"Don't just stare, Jake," encouraged Dr. Smith. "Go ahead and touch her if you like."

"Yes, please," she said, bending over. "I am here for your enjoyment."

She felt hands, gingerly at first, then with increasing urgency, begin to explore her. The doctor's strong fingers felt along her inner thigh, lightly brushing up against her dripping labia. Jake cupped her ass cheek, and ran a hand up her hip. She let him turn her slightly and soon his fingertips were moving over her pussy, sliding between the lips and against her clit. She had to put her hands on her knees, and let out a soft moan as she rolled her hips to grind herself against their working hands.

"Let me get this a little more out of the way," said the professor, running his hands up her ribs, pushing her thin sweater up over the tops of her breasts. Her nipples were harder against his hands than she had ever felt them. She saw his cock straining under his pants and quickly reached out and unlatched them.

"Please, Professor," she begged.

"Okay, Lisa," he said, letting her pull the fabric down. "You've earned a little taste." He worked his fingers through her hair and seized a fistful of it, pulling her head back, and laid his cock on her face. It felt heavy and hot, and she could feel the slick pre-cum smearing over her closed eyelid and stinging the corner of her eye. He slapped her with it a few times, spattering her cheeks and forehead, and she opened her mouth with anticipation.

Behind her the other men were shuffling around and then she heard the click of a belt buckle, and felt a truly massive member slap wetly into the crack of her ass, and Dr. Smith's large hands gripping her hips as he slid up and down. She pushed back against him and let out a soft moan, which was quickly muffled as the professor filled her waiting mouth. He thrust deep into her throat, controlling her head with a firm grip on her hair. She could not believe how turned on she was at this treatment; she was shaking and on the verge of orgasm already. He pulled out and his cock was covered in sticky spit, with a thick strand still connecting it to someplace in the back of her throat until it stretched and broke, falling across her chin and breast.

She felt multiple pairs of hands lifting her up, holding her in the air, spreading her legs. Someone's mouth found it's way to her pussy, closing over her with a deep slurping sound, forming a seal and gently applying suction, large tongue pressing firmly into her opening and moving over her clit. After a second it was joined by another, kissing along the inside of her ass, moving in to lick her asshole. She started to orgasm, and it didn't stop; they kept their mouths on her, pushing farther inside, as she continued to quiver and spasm. If they hadn't been holding her up, she would have fallen to the floor; her muscles were useless. She was making sounds, getting louder by the second, and the professor held her chin with one hand and slid his cock back down her open throat, making her come even harder, crying out like a wild animal around the choking thrusts.

Her orgasm started to ease off as they released their mouth-holds on her, and she felt what had to be the other student's cock sliding into her pussy and fucking her eagerly. He made smacking sounds against her ass and shoved her face farther down the professor's throat-filling erection with the force of his movements.

"Take my spot, Frank," said the professor to Dr. Smith, pulling out, followed by a thick trail of saliva. She was handed off, and found herself face to face with the doctor's smooth, darkly glistening cock. His large hands held her effortlessly and she opened her mouth as wide as she could for him, nervous about his size. There was a great bead of pre-cum dripping down the head, hanging precariously, about to drop. He placed it gently on her tongue, moving it back and forth, smearing the liquid for her to taste.

"How's that, little girl?" he asked in his rumbling voice. "I can tell you like it."

She nodded, looking up at him, hungry for his cock. He pushed it in, down her throat but softer than the professor, and then back out to slap wetly against her face and forehead. She closed her lips on his balls, licking his sack, sucking hard enough to make an audible pop as he pulled out. "That's real good, darlin'," he said, putting the head of his penis back into her mouth, letting her move around it and lick the shaft. She tried to take him down her throat as far as she could, and struggled to reach his balls with her tongue while he was inside.

Behind her Jake slowed down for the professor, who was rubbing his spit-covered cock between her ass cheeks, pressing slowly against her asshole. Jake pulled part-way out, and she felt her hole begin to give in to the pressure, and then swallow the head of her professor's cock. He pulled out, and then pushed back in, farther this time, while Jake slowly fucked her pussy. They began to synchronize, Jake moving out as the professor pushed in, now with his entire length. She felt stretched and so full with both cocks in her, she was already about to orgasm again. She began to suck aggressively on the doctor's cock, moving her head up and down and stroking him with her hands as the other two picked up speed, fucking her hard and fast from behind.

Her body was humming, quivering with every muscle as she began to come again. Her holes tightened involuntarily and she began to buck and spasm against the cocks filling her, which was too much for Jake--she felt a warm burst of liquid fill her pussy, followed quickly by another warm spurt across her ass as he pulled out to finish. Hands rubbed it into her folds and crevices and she felt like she was riding an orgasmic wave that would not break, but just kept rising higher and higher, like a tsunami. She moaned around the doctor's cock and was rewarded with a thick, hot stream of semen flooding her mouth, then spilling down her face and neck, getting all over her sweater bunched up there. The cum continued, streaking across her cheek, followed by another heavy load that fell over one eye and onto her forehead.

She licked the pearly drips from his shaft, and smiled up at him as he used his cock to smear the cum on her face and push it into her mouth, while the professor continued to fuck her ass. She could finally feel the wave breaking, crashing down through her body, reaching climax and letting out a loud shriek just as he grunted and thrust all the way in, and she felt the wet explosion of his orgasm deep in her ass.

She felt herself being maneuvered onto the sofa and eased down as the men caught their breath. She lay on her back with one leg cocked half way up, and idly circled her fingers in a small pool of semen that had found its way onto her stomach, before bringing them up to softly smear her lips. The professor wiped his glasses for a moment, and then put a hand on her breast, rubbing slowly, spreading some of the cum around, before giving it a moist little smack and stepping back.

"You've done very well, young lady," he said with a smile. "I think we're well on our way to a solution for you. Why don't you come in to my office hours again next week and we'll hammer out all the details."

"I'd like that, Professor."