 Make no mistake about it, when government office workers party it is almost always boring and lifeless. But, I attended one party several years ago that was anything but lifeless.

Thanksgiving was looming on the horizon for my Department and as usual everyone was looking forward to a huge feast. It costs a lot of money to put on one of our little get togethers and NO it doesn't come out of the taxpayer's pocket. We each pitch in a hundred dollars and we reserve a non governmental building or room so that no one can say we are abusing taxpayer trusts. 

However, this particular year, we had a new Director who wanted to utilize the facilities we had in an effort to save us a little money because we have a very nice training facility on the grounds that are only used about a half dozen times per year. It was donated to the Department by a Widow of a slain Officer some time prior. Now the unique part about this donation is that, so long as it is utilized by the Department it is ours to do with as we wish but any year that it does not get used for Law Enforcement benefit, it automatically reverts back to the Widow or her heirs to be sold at public auction. The proceeds of the sale will then go to the Department. Kind of a sweet deal all the way around.

We always hold our In-service training in there and periodically we would hold special events wherein we would invite Agencies from all over the region. The facility cost a bit over a million dollars to build and equip and not a dime of it came out of taxpayers hard earned money. 

Well anyway, now that the background of the facility is out of the way, let's get to the meat of the story.

This particular year the new Director wanted to use the facility for our Thanksgiving feast. He was in no way opposed to the festivities, he just wanted to demonstrate that he was cost conscious. We of course were all in favor of it but we wanted to make sure we not only included the benefactor but we wanted to invite her as well. Plus, since alcohol was always at our parties, we wanted to make sure she was OK with that as well. 

She quickly accepted our invitation and laughingly stated that we could all get as plastered as we wanted since we wouldn't be having to drive anywhere. The building came equipped with a nice barracks where we could crash during extensive training sessions where we would go round the clock. 

The day came and all non essential personnel turned out. Sadly there was a full shift of Officers who had to remain on duty. We would swap out with them or at least as many of us who were without having imbibed any alcohol. There were usually enough of us who didn't drink at these socials that could relieve the ones on duty so all worked out well. 

The party stated off as usual with a little schmoozing and such and after a couple hours of this the food would be rolled out and the feasting would begin. This year we had 5 new Secretaries, a new Director, Mrs. H. who was the gracious Widow who made all this possible and about 25 dignitaries from around the area that we always invited. Since the party had been going on for a couple hours already, several bottles of Wine had already been consumed, so the buzzing was wide spread. The food was the usual Thanksgiving affair with, Turkey, Pork, Beef, Chicken and all the trimmings. 

After we all had a huge meal and most of the tipsy feelings had subsided, we would begin the games. The games were always the benign ones such as pin the tail on the politician or Bingo and almost always included some cop games. When we got to the games, that's when the fun always began. But this year we had no idea what fun these games would bring. 

We started off with pin the tail on the politician but this year Mrs. H. suggested that we do something a little more "adult." She suggested that we use the blindfold of course but this time we should "apprehend" a politician while we were being directed by our team. She volunteered to be the first Politician to be arrested. She chose the Director to be the arresting Officer. One of the Secretaries blindfolded the boss and spun him around 3 times and then his team began to shout orders directing him toward Mrs. H. 

As the Boss got within arms reach of her, Mrs. H. stepped to the side just as he was reaching for her. He was quicker than she and as she turned he accidentally grabbed her by the boob. She squealed but didn't seem to mind the faux pas. So the Boss continued his pursuit and finally managed to get hold of her arms. But, as he grabbed her, she stumbled backwards and both of them fell in a hysterical wad on the floor. I thought I heard Mrs. H. say something about the Boss having a nightstick in his pockets. 

As we moved forward to help them up, I saw Mrs. H give him a quick peck on his cheek and his hands just accidentally lingered on her tits for several seconds. Was something going on? 

All of a sudden we heard a crash and as we looked around we saw that two of the secretaries were engaged in a deep french kiss and had stumbled in to a rack of Martial Arts training tools. It was funny as heck to see them thrashing about but, what was most intriguing about it was, one had her hands down the back of the other' pants and both were moaning like she cats in heat.

Mrs. H. commented that maybe they had just a wee bit too much wine and we all started laughing. I had to go take a pee and as I walked in to the men's room, I heard the soft sound of feet coming in behind me. I glanced over my shoulder to see one of our other Secretaries coming in. I reminded her that we were in the Men's room and she slyly said, "Of course we are and no one else is in here." With that she walked up to me, grabbed me by the cock and spun me around. She sat down in a chair and started sucking my cock.

As she drained the last bit of cum out of my balls, she spun around and bent over and said that IF I could get it back up again, I could fuck her. She had no idea that I had a gift and within just a few seconds, I was plowing her fur covered pussy like a mad man possessed. As I was rapidly building toward another cum explosion, the entrance to bathroom swung open and there standing in the doorway was Mrs. H. with a wicked grin on her face.

Thinking I was about to either get ratted out or I was about to get screwed again, I erupted in Candy's cunt and she squealed in delight. I could feel her own orgasm pulsating and squeezing my cock to milk me dry. After I had been drained, I pulled out thinking that Mrs. H. was about to sample my man meat. But, I was surprised. She immediately went down on Candy, lapping, licking and sucking our cum from her pussy. All the while she was cleaning out Candy's cunt, she was rubbing her own like mad. 

As she managed to work her pants down and off, I saw that she was not wearing any form of underwear and it appeared that she had come to the party with er um preconceived notions of getting laid. Before I could recover sufficiently to impale H. the door opens again and in walks the other Secretaries all 4 of them and immediately disrobed and fell in to a daisy chain.

I decided to leave them to themselves and walked out and back on to the floor where the party was ongoing. The Boss had his wife bent over a table and was pounding her ass for all he was worth while she was sucking the jizz out of two other Officers. As soon as the Boss unloaded his cum in her ass, he pulled out and another Officer plunged his cock in his place and began to pump her. It didn't take long before he blew his load up her ass only to be replaced by yet another and then another until 27 Cops had sprayed her bowels with their Cop fluid. 

When one Cop would empty his nut sack in her and pull out, she would start sucking him back to life and so it went until every Male there had plowed their cocks in to her ass. Not one had touched her pussy yet, other than to drag their cocks across pussy lips as they plunged in her ass or pulled out. 

After the last man had emptied his cock in her ass, the Secretaries filed out of the bathroom and began to lick and suck the cum up as it dribbled down Susanne's cunt lips as it flowed from her asshole. Finally H. comes up to me and asked if I had recovered yet and upon me telling her that I had, she said she wanted her ass fucked too. She said that she had always wanted to try it but her hubby hadn't been interested. 

I explained to her that it required a lot of lube especially since this was her first time. She smiled and grabbed the butter off the table and asked if that would work. But before I could answer her Candy spoke up saying that there was coconut oil in the kitchen and that it would be better. She brought out the jar and I began to rub the oil all over H's ass crack, and worked a huge amount in to her asshole. With each pass of my fingers over her brown hole H would moan in pleasure.

As I got her properly lubed up, she whispered for me to be gentle, at least at first. I assured her that I would be and that I wanted her to remember she was the one in control here. As my cock head slid in, passed her tight tight sphincter muscle, she burst out in a massive orgasm and loud moans. As I began to pump back and forth, one of the secretaries that I think was Brenda moved in behind me and started finger fucking my ass while she was biting me on the butt cheeks.

When I started building toward my climax, H who could feel me tensing up, looked back over her shoulder and said, "make it count big boy." With that I started pumping copious amounts of sperm up her dark highway. She almost passed out from the sensations but when I had finished my cum dump, H. sighed and asked if there was anyone else that wanted some virgin ass. 

The Boss stepped up and plunged his man meat as deeply as he could with one thrust and then began to fuck her hard and fast. She was writhing and moaning and thrusting back until they both erupted in cum cuddling bliss. He pulled out and another man came forward and plunged in to her and began to fill her ass even more with cum. 

By now I had recovered some and took my place behind her again but this time, I wanted to feel her pussy on my cock and shoved it hard and fast in to her love tunnel. She literally screamed as my missile launched a load of fuel in to her cunt. 

After most of the men had fucked H's ass and the Boss' wife's ass, all were pretty much spent. We wandered around the room, grabbed a bite to eat and a bit to drink. As we rested and chatted about how hot this Thanksgiving party was, Candy called out "SIXTY NINE ANYONE?" Before we knew it, every woman there was naked and lying on the floor(we had those thick martial arts mats down)and they were either engaging in sixty nines or they were anxiously awaiting to.

There were 22 women there all together,30 Males and all were by now naked. Dicks were standing straight out in anticipation and within about a minute, there wasn't a body standing in the room. 

I was humping the face of one of the secretaries when I felt a tongue rimming my asshole. I broke from licking the secretary's cunt to look over my shoulder to see H's face buried in my ass crack. I immediately went back to eating out the wonderful cunt of the woman underneath me. As I liked and sucked her cunt, H was drilling my back door with her tongue. I began to feel thrusting coming from behind me and could hear the grunts of a male.

H was taking two men at one time now. She was steady rimming and licking and probing my ass while one man had his cock up her pussy and another was drilling her now gaping ass. She was pouring cum out of her ass now. Finally things started to wind down with all of us being totally exhausted and spent. Since I had not had any wine I volunteered to go relieve one of road officers and went to the showers to get cleaned up and road ready.

When I left the facility and got in to the Cruiser, I was wiped out and at the same time was refreshed beyond description. I called to the Officer on the road that I would be relieving to let them know I was on the road now. The voice that came back surprised me that it was female. I of course knew we had women on the streets but I was just thinking I would be relieving a male. But I was able to relieve her in ways that I never would have imagined.

As we met up in an abandoned parking lot to brief each other, she with telling me that all was relatively quiet and me telling her that the party was anything but quiet. I could tell that with just me telling her about the party that she was getting extremely turned on. I commented that she was looking a little flushed and she embarrassingly admitted that she was getting hornier than hell thinking about what she was missing. I told her that I could help with that if she wanted and to my surprise she said, "I have been wanting to fuck your brains out for a long time now." I thought she was Lesbian and not interested in me but boy howdy I was wrong.

She said that there as an abandoned office across the parking lot that had no door on it and that if I wanted to see her naked, to come on. Who am I to deny myself...So we bolted to the building and as she went through the doorway, Jenny was peeling her uniform off. By the time we got inside and out of sight of any passersby, she was naked totally and was bent over teasing me with her fur covered cunt. 

Now when I say fur covered, with Jenny, I mean fur COVERED. She was the hairiest woman I have ever seen. I don't mean body hair per se, but her cunt hair had never been trimmed. Though she was shaved up to where her leg joints meet her pelvis the rest of her womanhood was covered. Her hair was so thick, I couldn't see her pussy lips. But, I could see that she was wetter than just about any woman I have ever even heard of. 

She grabbed my cock and guided it to her pussy and before I could thrust in to her, she pushed back on to my cock and instantly burst into a huge orgasm of her own. I had not even made a motion at this point. She pushed back and thrust on to my cock like a run away jackhammer. We fucked like rabbits for 30 solid minutes. Fortunately my car or walkie talkie had not gone off to alert me to calls needing my attention.

As I finally erupted my cum seed in her dark hairy pussy, she unloaded again. I swear that her pussy muscles had a clamp on my cock to beat all I have ever experienced. As we rested a few minutes afterward, I asked her if she were still going to the party. Her response was funny and exciting at the same time. She said, "hell yes!" Then she said that she was going to fuck any men and or women there that wanted her. Then she said that what was turning her on even more just thinking about it was, that every man who could shoot his load up her pussy would have to be second to my cum already there. 

At the end of the tour of duty that day, I swung back by the training center thinking that it would be lights out by now but man alive was I wrong again. There was music, dancing, orgies, and just general all around wild sex still going on. There is not a drug fueled party on the planet that could hold a candle to when cops are unloading the stresses of the job. 

I walked back in to see Jenny on all fours with a woman wearing a strap on fucking her ass while Jenny was sucking another woman's cunt clean of whatever cum was still there. As I walked around the piles of bodies engaging in decadent sex, I went in to the showers to clean up from a dirty end of shift. As I showered Mrs. H. slipped in and started lathering my back up. When she reached her hands around my waist to fondle my cock, she giggled at it being rock hard again.

She turned me around went down on her knees sucking my cock in to her mouth. After several minutes of this, she stood back up and turned around and presenting her backside to me, asked if I wanted to fuck her pussy or ass. I said that pussy if you please. To that she giggled and said that her gift to the department turned out to be the best gift she could have every thought of. With that I unloaded my last cum of the day up her sopping wet pussy. She turned back around to face me saying that if every woman there didn't turn up pregnant she would let every man in the department fuck her ass before sunrise the next day. I grinned and said that we would see...

As I walked out of the showers, I saw that there were about a dozen cameras with their little red lights on strategically placed all around the room... I can't wait to see it on the net...

Post script: One secretary got pregnant that thanksgiving and when it was announced that Candy was the one, we through her a huge shower. By huge, I mean that the Thanksgiving party paled in comparison. Ironically in spite of all the sperm donors Candy had taken in that day, the baby's DNA matched only one Man. That man turned out to be the Mayor. He and his wife were all day participants of our Thanksgiving festival. His wife was the centerpiece of several group gropes. She swallowed a bucket of cum, had been fucked in her pussy and ass by about 50 people all together and he had deposited several loads of cum in various receptacles that day. So, that Thanksgiving was one for the books and I am most certain that as I type this, the videos are out there in cyber world somewhere...