 Mandalay is a large city. There was nothing planned for that evening. Our guides said that we would have no problems on the streets, if we wanted to go out, but preferably not alone. Anna and Marie had immediately, and for the others to hear, asked us to accompany them. After dinner, of course, the whole group left the hotel, two of the couples sticking together. The single man ventured out alone, but he seemed street-wise in Asia. 

The four of us left the hotel with the others, but with veiled smirks, started a feigned discussion about which way to go, letting the others set off. We walked to the next corner and took a different route, then grinning at each other. We went around the next corner, and the next one. On the way back to the hotel, we passed a shop that sold beer and bought eight bottles. We didn't want to march into the hotel with an obvious supply of beer, but I always had a cloth bag with me on trips, for my guide books, maps, cap, whatever. Six bottles of beer filled it, but the women could fit a bottle in each of their handbags. 

Chuckling like teenagers who shouldn't have beer, we returned to the hotel, to their room. Then we were chuckling and smirking about what we knew we all wanted to do, were going to do, quickly starting with our first beers, again sitting facing each other on the beds, this time Randy and I on one. Had we or the women moved to sit that way, maybe to leave open who with whom? 

We made small talk about what we had seen that day, but the way they were smiling – maybe smirking slightly – at each other, suggested that they also understood that we were just waiting to finish our beers, and that they they weren't showing any preference. The room staff were going to be surprised that he and I hadn't slept in our rooms, but who with whom in their room? 

Did Anna's "not too much one-on-one" suggest that we would change partners every night? That would be fine with me – not just because Marie happened to be smiling at me at that moment. 

Randy took another sip from his almost empty bottle, then chuckled and said: 

"Oh! I hope we've not been impinging on what you two like to do."

Marie and Anna glanced at each other with grins, chuckling. Then they grinned at us, and Anna replied: 

"Not as long as you do what we like to do so good."

We all chuckled, and I replied: 

"We try to, ... but as good as you both taste ..."

"You both must like that as much as we do," Randy continued, giving me smirk for my having apparently read his thoughts. They grinned, nodding, glancing at each other again. This time Marie replied: 

"Oh, we do, but ..." Anna nodded, interjecting: 

"But then what are you going to do?"

"Not that!" I replied, Randy nodding emphatically.

They grinned, also nodding, and Anna replied: 

"We didn't think so. Why I asked."

"But if you two want to," Randy remarked: "we don't want to impinge; we know how good you both taste."

"Hm-hmm! And we, how you both do."

We all chuckled and emptied our bottles. When we looked at each other again, Marie asked: 

"You just want to watch?"

Anna looked at her with surprised expression. Marie looked at her and shrugged, then murmuring: 

"If they want to."

"You want to?" Anna asked. 

"If you do? Why not, if they want us to?"

"We do," Randy and I replied, almost in unison.

We all exchanged somewhat wry expressions. Randy and I nodded. They snorted softly, glancing at each other, both shrugging. Then Marie smiled at me and said: 

"Sort of like we did yesterday morning; you don't just have to watch."

Anna gave a surprised grin, nodding, and said: 

"Oh, like that! Of course, you don't just have to watch, either of you."

I was a little pleased that Randy didn't immediately understand. Maybe he and his wife and whoever else hadn't done what Marie and I had the previous morning. One wasn't likely to do it that way, unless one had spent the night with her, but he must have with his wife. Then he grinned and nodded and said: 

"Oh, like that!" and asked them both: 

"Why didn't we do that?"

They glanced at each other with smirks, and Marie answered: 

"You wanted to do it another way." 

Anna nodded, agreeing with grin. Randy shrugged with a nod, then asked: 

"All four of us, like that, you two, and with us, like that?" 

Anna grinned and replied: 

"I think that is what Marie was suggesting." 

Marie nodded, looking slightly embarrassed at the clarification of her subtly expressed idea, but then grinning with a better nod. We others nodded, all of us then chuckling, snickering. Marie then murmuring: "We've never done that." 

Anna nodded, but was already unbuttoning her blouse with grin, and then we were all taking off our clothes. Naked, we almost rushed to the bathroom: Randy and I at the washbasin, one of them on the toilet, the other one standing on the edge of the shower. We didn't even chuckle as we hurried to take turns washing, but we did, back in the room, watching Anna fling back the bed covers. Marie murmured asked again: 

"You really want us to?" but Anna was already lying down with her feet at the head of the bed, grinning and nodding, as she raised her thigh. 

That was enough answer for Marie. Was the view of Anna's waiting pussy as enticing as it was for me? She hesitated only moment before joining Anna on the bed, and they curled up together, obviously with long experience, as though they had forgotten that Randy and I were watching. We were, however, our eyes only leaving the delightfully arousing sight of two women beginning to lick each other's pussy to glance at each other with grins, both grinning again, when we saw that we were already holding our cocks. 

They must have forgotten us, the way they were humming and chuckling. We couldn't see what their tongues were doing, but it occurred to me that it must be especially good for two women to be able to know exactly how it was feeling for the pussy her tongue was arousing. And it was arousing to watch. Which pussy was I going to fuck? It didn't matter, and it couldn't matter for them. With their faces buried between the other's thighs, they wouldn't know which of our cocks was in them. Randy's wasn't noticeably larger or smaller than mine, now that they were both as stiff as they could be. 

Which pussy! Randy Randy wanted to fuck the nearest one, Marie's again, and got on the bed behind her. The movement on the bed stopped their licking for a moment, several moments, until I had gone around the bed and laid down behind Anna. Our cocks slipped between their thighs. I suppose that Marie also helped his find Anna's pussy, like she was helping mine. 

Fuck! "Uhmmm!" Mine slipped in, and the movement of his hips and his moan confirmed that his had too! Fucking a woman whose pussy was being licked by a woman, whose pussy was also being licked with a cock in it! This was definitely, absolutely nothing like my honeymoon! We all hummed, chuckling. They could have been having the same thoughts – just not about my honeymoon. 

Almost indescribable, arousing pleasure, feeling Anna's tight pussy tightening even more in response to what Marie's tongue was doing, hopefully her pussy also squeezing Randy's in response to what Anna's tongue was doing. They must really love to do it to each other. I knew why, even though I couldn't know how it was feeling for their pussies, like they couldn't know how it felt for our cocks, but their pussies must love to have a cock in them to squeeze. That must be better than just contracting without one, when they did in response to having their clitorises aroused. And they must really know what their tongues were doing on each others. 

Lesbian sixty-nine could be - must be - a lot better than I had imagined, not that I had thought about it much before. Having it both ways, girlfriends' arousing it each, plus having a cock in their pussies, must somehow be the ultimate of sexual arousal for women. Nice thought, that Randy and I could help them enjoy it. 

But it was also being especially good for us – if Marie's pussy was clutching like Anna's was. Having my cock sucked was fantastic, but feeling a pussy trying to milk it without my having to fuck was also fantastic, being able to experience how a pussy wanted to - had to - to hold it like that. It couldn't appreciate that as much, when I was pumping it in a pussy, and I would never have known, if Randy hadn't suggested that we wanted them to lick each other. Thanks! 

But then it was being too arousing to keep my hips still. I managed to control them for a while, just letting an occasional twitch thrust my cock in Anna's pussy. It was more difficult to control them, when she moaned in response, and more difficult, when I felt Randy's hips move the mattress and heard Marie moan. Oh fuck! Give up trying to prolong my anticipation! 

I clutched Anna's breast and fucked, and Randy fucked, and we all were moaning. I came and felt that Anna did, and was sure from Randy's grunting, that he did, hoping that Marie's pussy had flooded his cock like Anna's had mine, also hoping that both of them got to taste as much of each other's pussy juice as they could. 

We lay still, just sighing, hardly changing our positions, still plugged in, so to speak, but with the power shut off. Before I expected anyone to move or say something, Marie pulled my cock out of Anna's pussy and pushed her head forward and licked where it at been. I chuckled, imagining what she was lapping up, then seeing that Anna did the same thing and hearing Randy's chuckle. Then Marie's tongue found the head of my cock. I rocked my hips forward to help her, and it slipped into her mouth. When Randy chuckled again, I assumed that Anna was also cleaning up his cock. Mine slipped out again, and then Marie was lapping up more of what apparently had oozed out of Anna's pussy.

Marie rolled her shoulders back with a chuckle, and then Anna did, then all of us chuckling. Then Anna remarked: 

"Fuck, Marie, that was a great idea. I didn't know you were so inventive." 

"It sure was," Randy and I agreed, almost in unison. Marie chuckled again and replied: 

"Better than I thought, with all your help, of course. Hm-hmm! Cleaning up came as an afterthought."

"Saves us from having to wash up," I remarked. 

"Only our faces," Anna countered with chuckled.

We all sat up, smiling, smirking smugly. Randy looked at me and said: 

"We never did anything like this," and I nodded my agreement.

"We haven't either," both of them enjoined, and we all smiled a little wry, shrugging.

"Another beer?" Randy suggested. 

We nodded, and he got up to get them. Anna looked at me with a smirk and remarked: 

"Sort of sounded like you might have done something else, however."

"Um-hmm, a couple of times on one trip. Randy over-tipped our guide at the start of the trip. Don't know what he told him it was for, but, well, then there were two girls there in the hotel one night."

"And a couple of nights later," Randy added with a grin, as he handed us our beers.

"We probably shouldn't have mentioned that," I replied, thinking that it was putting Anna and Marie in the wrong light. 

We drank, and then Marie shrugged and said: 

"This is being better."

"A whole lot better," I quickly agreed. 

"And the way we wanted it, want it," Anna added, and we all drank to that, Randy nodding to me that he thought I had said the right thing.

There was moment's silence to leave that subject. Then Anna grinned at Marie and asked: 

"How did you come to suggest that, all four of us?"

"Hmm?! A variation of one of my fantasies."

We chuckled. Then Randy asked: 

"And the fantasy, if you want to tell?"

Marie looked a little embarrassed, but nodded, then replied: 

"With two men, one of them doing what Anna was."

We chuckled again. Anna snorted with a grin and asked: 

"And you suck your fingers?"

"Can't, need both hands somewhere else. Hm-hmm! Have to just imagine that I'm sucking his cock."

We all snickered and drank again. Then Randy suddenly looked at her and said: 

"And you want us to fulfill your fantasy?" glancing at me. 

There was another moment of silence. Then Anna replied softly: 

"I would, now that I can have the same fantasy."

Randy glanced at me again. I shrugged, and he shrugged. Marie murmured: 

"I guess I would too," then looked at us with a wry, maybe apologetic expression, and added: 

"If you wanted to, but I never thought how it would be for the men. Hmm? Just wanted two cocks and to be licked."

Randy and I glance at each other again, again shrugging, but nodding, he nodding for me to say something. I must have also had a wry expression, but replied: 

"Thanks for thinking about that. If he wants to, ..."

"If you do," he replied, then grinned and added: "but I'm not sure about the 'afterthought.' For sure, I'm not going to do everything Anna did." 

We all nodded with snickers and had another sip of our beers. I replied: 

"I'm not going to either, for sure!"

We all chuckled, but he and I were nodding: we would do it. I was already trying to envisage what it would be like to being licking a pussy with another man's cock in it. Was I going to have to help it find its way in, like Marie had? No, he could get it in first, before I started to lick, or I could stop and let him. 

"And what am I going to do, if you both want to?" Anna asked. 

"Or me?" Marie added. 

"Hm-hmm! Just wait for your turn," Randy replied with a grin.

"Should be arousing to watch, like it was for us, when you two started," I added. 

We all chuckled again, smirking. After another moment of silence, Anna remarked softly: 

"If you both want to. It was her idea; I can wait."

Marie gave her a sweet smile, then glanced at us and said: 

"But maybe we should save it all, both ways for you two, till tomorrow."

Randy and I exchanged glances, shrugging again. Then he grinned and replied: 

"We have all night, no hurry. Hm-hmm! Might not be so much with Anna."

"She snickered and said: "I'm sure it will be enough. Hm-hmm! Maybe even better, taking longer." 

We all snickered again and finished our beers. When Randy and I nodded to each other, Marie smiled and said: 

"If you really want to."

We glanced at each other again, nodding. Anna reached for our empty bottles, and got off the bed to put them aside, leaving the bed free for the three of us. Marie chuckled very softly and lay down between us, murmuring with a smile: "A dream coming true." 

The way she was lying, facing me, settled our roles; Randy was going to fuck her. Our cocks weren't aroused, but that wasn't going to be a problem for me; she could start sucking it before it was, and I was already looking forward to licking her pussy. I lay down, letting Randy worry about getting his cock aroused. His problem; I could have more fun enjoying all of Marie's pussy until then, and enjoy her sucking my cock. 

We started, then I heard Anna say to him: "Let me help you." A great solution. I forgot about them, until I felt movement on the bed and his cock with thrusting between Marie's thighs. I hadn't been intending to help it find her opening, but my tongue just sort of had to help it. Shit! I had licked his cock, more let it slide on my tongue as the head of his cock slipped into the mouth of her vagina. That's what it felt like for their tongues, touching the sensitive back of the head of a cock! 

It had happened. Thank goodness, that he didn't say anything! I wouldn't either, if he helped mine find Anna's opening. And now Marie was getting her fantasy, a cock in her pussy and one in her mouth - mine! Just lick her clitoris and forget that there was cock in her pussy enjoying how I knew it could squeeze one. 

I couldn't really forget about it, since it was almost touching my nose. When it was getting more arousing for all of us, her hips twitching, it did touch my nose, but I was passed being bothered by that, too busy enjoying her nice clitoris and what her mouth was doing for my cock. Then it was even more arousing, hips twitching faster, his too, as we moaned. Could he feel that my nose was rubbing his cock? Who cared?! We all wanted to come! 

I did in her mouth, and she did, all wet, and he must have too. He thoughtfully pulled out immediately, his cock disappearing. Was I going to lap up her pussy, probably taste his semen? Fuck! Why not? I liked to taste my own when they kissed me after sucking my cock. It tasted about the same, mixed with taste of her pussy juice. He was going to have to do that too. 

Marie was still holding my cock, and there was no question that she was still enjoying swilling my semen around in her mouth - maybe to make up for the times with her fantasy, when she could only imagine she was sucking a cock? 

When we rolled apart, she hummed, turning her head to give me grin with her lips closed, then swallowed, demonstrably for me to see. She licked her lips, raising her cheeks in a grin, humming again, and then said: 

"Oh that was good! So much better than my fantasies; I had forgotten to think about the cock doing that." 

"But now you're going to be disappointed," Anna replied immediately, adding: "I will be too." 

"Not as long as we're here," Randy replied with a chuckle, and I agreed, fondling Marie's breast. 

"Oooh!" Randy exclaimed softly. 

I raised my head, and saw that Anna had his cock in her mouth. He hummed, but when she raised her head, grinning at us, it flopped down, as soft as mine now was. 

We all sat up again, exchanging the same expressions as before. 

"My turn," Anna remarked with another grin. 

"Not for a few minutes," I replied with a glance down at my shrinking cock. 

"Of course not," she agreed.

We all nodded with soft chuckles. Randy remarked: 

"Maybe there is more beer in the minibar." 

There were two bottles. We shared them, slowly. When I remarked that they had said that they had met in college, they glanced at each with wry smiles, nodding, then shaking their heads, then nodding again and chuckling. Marie nodded for Anna to replied. She snorted with another wry smile and said: 

"Not really. Oh, we went to college together, but the truth is that we are step-sisters." 

Randy and I were surprised, must have looked so, as we nodded for her to continue, but Marie did: 

"Yeah, small patchwork family. Her mother was divorced, and mine had died, when we were both kids. Dad and her mother married, and there we were, two step-sisters almost the same age." 

"But with different surnames, ours now," Anna continued: some people still thinking we must be twins."

"So you really started before college?" Randy asked. They looked at each other again, shrugging, nodding, and Anna continued: 

"Only in college, well, the summer before sophomore year."

"Freshman year, we didn't do it together, hardly knew that we could, and certainly the couple of boys we had slept with didn't, hadn't."

"Three for me," Anna interjected: but, well, you probably remember how it was; we just did it, the guys just did the obvious. Oh, it was arousing that we were finally fucking, but it wasn't really arousing, but we didn't know yet how it could be, should be."

"And?" I asked. 

They looked at each other again, this time smirking, then nodding, and Anna replied: 

"If you really want to know – never told anyone before, ..."

"But we've never done before what we just have, either," Marie added, nodding for Anna to continue: 

"You're probably going to be surprised, should be." 

"Tell them everything," Marie encouraged. Anna nodded with a wry smile and did – with her help. 

"Okay. When we were growing up, you know, with these," she jiggled her breasts with her hands. Of course, Dad was looking at us like all fathers do with teenaged daughters. Nothing wrong with that, and we weren't minding."
