 Summary: A temp secretary is willing to do it ALL for a full time job.

Note 1: I wanted to write a story about 21st century women who were both intelligent and yet sexual beings. So, unlike many of my stories where one of the characters is submissive or straight or shy or whatever else, this is a story about a highly sexual, active bisexual woman in their early 20s who loves sex and is up for almost anything. (PS: I really wish I was this liberated when I was in my early 20s... sigh... I was definitely born 20 years too early).

Note 2: This is a 2015 Christmas Contest Story so please vote, please leave comments and most importantly, hopefully, please enjoy.

Note 3: Thanks to Robert and Wayne for editing this last minute contest story.

Office Party Orgy

It was my fourth day of a two week temporary secretary job, with a chance for it to become a yearlong temp job if they liked me, when I got advice on how to keep the job from the other secretary... a very frank redhead named Chelsea.

"Well first, you need to dress to impress," Chelsea said, as she took a bite of her salad at a fancy restaurant across the street from the office.

"I dress professional," I countered, dressed today in a blue blouse and nice black dress pants.

"You're dressed as if you work at a morgue," she rebutted.

"I'm not," I said, but laughed, especially when considering Chelsea was in a red blouse, with two buttons open, a black leather skirt, black pantyhose and four inch heels. Four inches higher than the comfortable flats I was currently wearing.

"You can't even say that with a straight face," she said, shaking her head. In only three days we had become friends and had some frank conversations... this one seemed to be going even further.

"It's 2015, I don't need to dress to impress," I countered.

She scoffed. "It's 2015 and not only do you need to dress to impress, you've got to dress to tease and be willing to please."

"Seriously," I asked, shaking my head. I could dress up sexy. I liked short skirts, I liked sexy lingerie, I liked to showcase my assets... but not at work.

At work I wanted to be treated as a professional. As a woman of the 21st century.

"Have you ever watched the 'Working Girl'?" she asked.

I vaguely remembered it. "The one with Melanie Griffith?"

"Yep! She had a great line that was true then and is even truer now," Chelsea said.

"What is it?"

"I have a head for business and a bod for sin," Chelsea answered.

"Hmmmm, that sounds just like me," I responded quickly.

Chelsea laughed, "Yes, you have whore written all over you in your Sunday church wear."

I continued, "I had a boyfriend who quoted some ancient painter who said, 'a wife must be a maid in the living room, a cook in the kitchen and a whore in the bedroom."

"Interesting that you have that memorized," she teased.

"I heard it a lot," I said. "He wanted me to be a stay at home wife and mom. I told him two out of three ain't bad."

"You quoted Meatloaf?" she questioned, raising an eyebrow.

"He quoted some French guy," I shrugged.

"So you're a whore in the bedroom?" she asked, with a smile.

"There's more to me than meets the eye," I countered.

"There better be in that outfit," she said.

"Fine. I'll wear something less nun like tomorrow," I said.

"Good. Sexy sells and keeps you employed," she said, before pointing out the obvious. "You are working at a firm that has only male lawyers."

"I am?" I mocked.

"Smart ass," she said. "I'm just trying to help here."

"So I should dress to distract?" I asked.

She laughed, "You're so cute. Delusional, but cute."

"Are you hitting on me?" I joked, trying to show my fun, sexy carefree side.

She quipped, "You couldn't handle me."

Flirting back, being bisexual and finding Chelsea quite attractive, "Oh, I'm more a lion than the kitty I look like on the outside."

"I hope so," she said. "Because you exude 'cat that has been through taxidermy."

"Ouch," I laughed at her wit, before asking seriously, "So I really exude librarian?"

"A very cute librarian," she shrugged, as I felt her foot move under my pant leg.

"Well, cute librarians can transform into sexy vixens," I promised, wishing I was wearing a skirt or dress at the moment... Her nylon-clad foot not able to move too far up my pant leg. I added, "At least in porn."

"You watch porn?" she asked.

"Sometimes," I admitted. Truth was, I read a lot of online porn and then, once revved up from a few stories, I'd finish myself off by watching porn... usually lesbian, but sometimes gangbang... my most recent fantasy and one I had not yet fulfilled.

She teased, "You are more than meets the eye, but I'm calling your bluff."

"Call it," I countered, holding eye contact.

"Girls bathroom at break this afternoon," she challenged.

I shrugged, as I finished my chicken, "I'll probably be hungry for a snack by then."

"Be warned," she cautioned, her foot moving to my lap, "I can be a bit domineering."

"I can be a bit obedient," I countered back, having always been somewhat submissive in the bedroom.

"Massage my foot," she ordered.

I knew this was a test. I also knew that obeying would immediately create a hierarchy between her and me, but I obeyed. I put my hands on her foot, not going to back down based on a trivial subservient task, "Holy crap. This is soft nylon."

"Only the best for this body," she smiled as I began to massage her feet.

"Where did you get the pantyhose from?" I asked.

"First, they are not pantyhose," she said, a wicked smile crossing her lips.

"You're wearing thigh highs to work?" I asked, surprised as they were super sexy, I had a couple of pairs for going out to hook up or for staying in when wanting a hot fuck session, but they were not something to wear all day.

"They are not thigh highs either," she replied, continuing to be an enigma.

"What are they then?" I asked confused.

"Stockings attached to a garter," she answered.

"Really?" I asked, something I had never worn.

"You can check for yourself up close and personal this afternoon," she said, as she moved her foot away.

I oddly felt disappointed. The sheer silk felt really nice. The silk stockings, mixed with the frank conversation, had my pussy wet.

I was between boyfriends and other than a quickie in a back alley a couple of weekends ago, which didn't get me off, I hadn't got off other than from my very well used vibrator in at least the last two months... which was a pretty long time considering I averaged four or five times a week in college.

Unfortunately, the market crash had made my business degree look good in a frame but have about the same functionality as toilet paper.

Thus why I was working at a law office as a secretary instead of in any of my actual fields of expertise.

It was depressing but I had bills to pay as well as student loans that were still unpaid.

"I look forward to that," I said, trying to show that I was more than game for a little girl-girl play time... something I hadn't had since a wild four girl daisy chain that happened while studying for finals. It was stress relief at its finest... but that was over six months ago.

We paid our bill and went back to work.

It was a bit distracting knowing that I was supposed to go eat her pussy at break, even though it occurred to me that we were not supposed to take our breaks at the same time.

I glanced over to her a couple of times, but she seemed oblivious to the anxiety I was feeling.

I wasn't worried about going down on her, I looked forward to it actually. But the idea if doing it at work was a little worrisome as I needed this job... badly. If I didn't get it I would likely have to give up my apartment and move back home with my parents... which at twenty-three was about as appealing as a root canal without anesthesia.

I also couldn't be sure if she was bluffing by calling my bluff, although I didn't think so.

Did she really plan to meet me in the washroom at break?

The good news was we were the only two women on the floor, so unless a client walked in on us, it was a pretty safe location.

Things got crazy for a bit, and by the time it calmed down I noticed that Chelsea was gone.

I wondered what I should do.

Should I meet her in the bathroom?

Should I leave the phones and desk unattended?

I was giddy with excitement and hunger.

I was nervous with trepidation and fear of getting caught or losing my job.

Yet, somehow I sensed this would only help my cause for full employment as Chelsea was clearly liked by all four of the lawyers.

It was a small firm, but a busy one and seemingly very loyal. I was the first new employee in four years and was replacing a woman who went on maternity leave.

I didn't see this as a permanent stop on my climb up the business ladder, but a temporary one to get me started.

I was still trying to decide when Chelsea returned with a candy cane in her hand. She smiled, "I think we will have to rain check our meeting until five o'clock, but here is a sampling for you to keep you pacified until then."

She handed me the candy cane from the hooked end and added, "Enjoy."

I took it and put it right to my nose. As was implied, it smelt of both pussy and mint and had a sheen to it.

She shook her head. "Although it likely smells delicious, the taste is addicting."

"I better taste for myself," I smiled, putting the candy cane in my mouth.

Chelsea watched as I slid the candy cane with her pussy juice on it in my mouth.

I think she was surprised.

Unfortunately, the brief taboo moment was stopped as Mr. Bergeron walked out of his office and asked Chelsea a question.

I headed for my break, finishing the candy cane that indeed tasted of pussy... delicious pussy.

I went to the bathroom and got myself off imagining the moment when I got to taste that pussy directly from the source.

The rest of the day went by in a flash and Chelsea was still in a meeting with Mr. Black when my day ended. I had a six o'clock pedicure and manicure and couldn't wait for the chance to finish what we had planned.

I had been invited to the company Christmas party on Saturday at a comedy club, which I thought was nice since I was a temporary worker and had started just four days ago.

After the intense critique of my work attire, I went shopping after my pedicure and manicure. I bought a couple new skirts, a couple sexier blouses and a sexy black cocktail dress for Saturday night. I followed that up by going to a lingerie store and purchasing a couple new pairs of sheer silk thigh highs, a matching bra, garter and thong set that I planned to wear underneath my black cocktail dress.

Feeling sexy, feeling naughty, I also bought a couple new toys. One, a new vibrator called a rabbit that a girlfriend of mine swears is better than a man, and a strap-on cock and harness... which I was going to bring to work in my purse to show just how serious I was for some girl-girl play time... after work.

That night, I used the new rabbit and it had me hopping wild and coming in Guinness Book of World Record speed for orgasms (if such a record exists... and if it doesn't, why not?).

Friday, ironically, was casual Friday. So I didn't wear a skirt, but I did wear thigh highs under my jeans, a sexy pair of panties and three inch heels. I also wore a black blouse that flattered my 36C breasts.

Chelsea noticed as she greeted me with, "Thank God!"

"What?" I asked.

"Your wardrobe entered the 21st century," she answered.

I shrugged, "I can dress up or dress down, depending on the occasion."

"What are you wearing tomorrow?" she asked.

"Something sexy," I answered.

"Librarian sexy, or 2015 I wanna get laid sexy?" she asked.

"Definitely, 2015 I want to get laid sexy," I replied. "I can't even remember what sex feels like."

"Maybe we should do a dress rehearsal today at some point to make sure you still remember how," she joked.

I opened my purse and winked, "Whenever you're ready."

"Is that for me or you?" she asked, clearly shocked.

I shrugged, as I put my purse away and sat down at my desk, "You're the one who is, what did you say, a bit domineering."

"And if I recall you said you could be a bit submissive," she said.

"I believe I said obedient," I corrected.

"Oh," she smiled, looking naughty, "You are about to be my obedient submissive."

"Promises, promises," I replied, as the phone rang and I began my work day.

I learned a couple of things about Fridays. The lawyers only work half the day and only two of them apparently come in at all. So, unlike the first four days that were hectic, Friday was indeed a casual day.

At lunch time, I was surprised to see a delivery boy bring food in.

Chelsea explained, "I thought we would eat in this afternoon."

"You did, did you?" I smiled, thinking this may finally be the time I got to taste her pussy and maybe use my brand new toy... although I wasn't sure who would be giving and who would be receiving.

"It will give us more time for dessert," she said, the innuendo not remotely subtle.

"I do love dessert," I just as bluntly replied, before going for the full court press, "I mean, sometimes, I even eat my dessert first."

Both lawyers working today were gone, one for the day (he had a brief trial at 2 and then he was going home early) and the other said he wouldn't be back until two as he was having a business lunch on the other side of the city.

That meant... we were alone. Likely for a couple of hours.

Chelsea rolled back from her desk and ordered, this time it was her turn to surprise me, "Get under my desk."

"Seriously?" I asked. Our desks were situated in pretty good positions to hide someone underneath, unless the lawyers were in, as they could easily see if they walked out of their office, but that wasn't a worry at the moment.

"You said you were a bit obedient," she pointed out and added, "you also said you wanted your dessert first."

I smiled, stood up and looked to make sure no one was coming and that the elevator number signalled it wasn't coming our way. I said, "I hope it's as sweet today as it was yesterday."

"Oh, it's always addicting and sweet," she said, as she watched me come to her desk, quickly looking one last time at the elevator, before I dropped to my knees and crawled under the desk.

I felt a rush of adrenaline at doing something so wild. I mean besides the lesbian daisy chain, I had done a few crazy things with boyfriends. The summer of graduation I walked down the beach with a load of cum all over my face; I masturbated in the back seat of a taxi cab; I gave boyfriends head in a variety of public places including: a movie theatre, an airplane (not the bathroom, but it was dark), a crowded bar in Mexico, and under a table at one guy's parent's house.

I liked the rush, the risk of getting caught, which we were on the airplane... it somehow added to the excitement.

Chelsea pulled up her skirt, she had not followed casual Friday, rolled her chair back and spread her legs to reveal she was indeed being casual with her underwear, as in not wearing any.

Her pussy was completely shaved and I didn't waste any time as I moved between her legs and started licking.

"Eager are we?" she purred.

"I'm famished," I retorted, as I slowly explored her pussy.

"Well, dine away," she offered, "there are still fifteen minutes before our actual lunch break."

"So I'm on the clock for this," I joked.

"The job is more than just answering phones, getting files, doing research and scribing," she said, just as the phone rang.

I thought to myself that is exactly what the job is, but didn't say anything as instead I focused on the pussy in front of me.

I resumed licking, exhilarated by the voyeuristic and risk taking moment. I explored her pussy slowly, not in a hurry, wanting to enjoy the moment.

I licked for a couple of minutes, maybe three, when I heard the elevator door bing.

I froze.

Chelsea snapped her fingers under the desk as she greeted, "Hi, how may I help you?"

I resumed licking tentatively, thankful it wasn't one of the partners.

"I just need to drop this off for Mr. Black," a man's voice said.

"He is out at the moment, but I can take it," Chelsea replied.

"Thank you," the man said.

I kept licking slowly, the exhilaration of doing the act with someone just inches away and oblivious making a chill go up my spine.

I heard the ping a moment later and once the door closed Chelsea ordered, "Hurry up, Scarlet, lick my pussy."

I obeyed, shifting from exploring to extraction.

I swirled my tongue around her clit briefly, before concentrating on it.

"Oh yes, right there," she moaned, her hands going through my hair.

I kept sucking on her clit, flicking it with my tongue until I felt the full flood of her juices flow into my mouth. I lapped up her sweetness until she rolled back and said, "I think I found a new task to add to your daily duties."

"That I would like to see in contract," I smiled, as I crawled out from under the desk.

"It will likely have to go under the 'and other assigned duties' section," she shrugged.

"So you'll give a good word for me to the partners?" I asked.

"I will indeed," she nodded.

"Great," I said, grabbing a sub and saying, "Time for lunch."

"Didn't you get enough already?"

"Oh," I smiled, as I unwrapped the sub, "I can never get enough."

We ate lunch, chatted about tomorrow's staff party and the outfits we were wearing. I then asked, recalling I never got an answer yesterday, "What kind of stockings do you wear?"

"A variety," she answered, "but they all come from a website called stockingirl."

"Good to know," I nodded, knowing I would be checking out that website tonight.

"They are amazing, but expensive," she said.

"How expensive is expensive?" I asked.

"Most pairs are over fifty dollars and some close to a hundred," she revealed.

"For one pair?" I asked, astonished.

"They're the best," she shrugged.

"I guess I'll be waiting a while before I buy some from them then," I sighed.

"Do you want to try on a pair for tomorrow?" she asked.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I can lend you a pair of mine if you wish," she said.

"No," I shook my head. "I would be terrified I would get a run in them."

"Honey, I have a couple dozen pair," she said.

"How can you afford it?" I asked.

"That's a trade secret," she smiled. "So you said you are wearing a black dress for tomorrow?"

"Yes," I nodded.

"Garter-belt?"

"Yes, I bought one for the occasion," I admitted.

"I think you are more than a bit obedient," she teased.

"I can be whatever I want to be," I said seductively.

"Oh, tomorrow night you're going to be my plaything," Chelsea declared.

"Yes, ma'am," I nodded, the idea only increasing the wetness in my panties that had begun when I was under her desk.

"Ma'am," she said, shaking her head, "you're a complete submissive."

"I can be," I nodded, glancing down to my oversized purse that currently held the strap-on.

"You want me to fuck you, don't you?" she asked, reading my mind.

"Badly," I nodded, adding, "it's been forever."

"Since you were fucked, or since you were fucked by a woman?" she asked.

"Both," I answered, although truthfully I'd never been fucked by a strap-on. Fingers, toys and even a fist once, but never a strap-on.

She looked at the clock and asked, "You sure?"

I nodded, "Yes, ma'am."

"Ma'am," she shook her head again. "That is so funny. I'm what, a year older than you?"

"Yes, grandma," I joked.

"You bitch, I'll show you grandma," she said, grabbing my purse and heading to the washroom.

