 The next thing I know my alarm is going off, time to get up and go for a short run before meeting the girls for breakfast. I put on my work-out clothes and head for a jog around the area. 

I get out on the main path and head away from the main building. I pass a few staff members who were all very friendly. I passed a few guests as well, mostly older couples or groups of couples, nobody under the age of 55.

The path was making a slow circle back towards the main building so that I was coming in from the opposite direction of our rooms. I noticed a night club or disco as I got closer to my finish line. That place might come in handy if one of the other girls liked to dance. I'll just have to keep that in mind. I came into the main building and saw Dee and Summer standing by the breakfast buffet entrance. 

Both of them where wearing sun dresses that curved around there breast, tight down to about their navel, and then loose down to about mid-thigh. Summer's was strapless, white, and partially see through and Dee's was a light green that went great with her tan skin and black hair.

"Hello ladies! How are we this morning? Hope I'm not late!" I said with a wide smile trying to look at them both at the same time. 

Summer looked at her watch and said "early as always!" with a smile.

I make a show of looking them over and said "you two look lovely this morning, I feel underdressed just being in the same room as you."

Dee looked at me and said "perhaps you are, and all sweaty to boot!" with her grumpiest face. 

"Sorry, I can sit at another table if you like." I replied, my smile now a little more forced.

"No, no please sit with us" Summer said as she grabbed me by the arm. She paused and looked at her hand on my arm squeezed her fingers and raised a considering eye brow. She must have felt my eyes on her or perhaps she realized the pause had gone on for too long. 

She suddenly dropped her hand and spun away as she spoke "let eat, I'm starving!"

"Fine, whatever!" Dee complained as she stomped away. Summer and I head to the start of the food line and snagged some plates and food. 

As we scooped our breakfast on our plates I ask "what's up with Dee?"

"She just got off the phone with her husband. I didn't catch the entire conversation but it didn't sound good." Summer told me.

We finished filling our plates and headed to the table were Dee was sitting nibbling on a bagel. Summer takes a seat and exclaims "Shit! I forgot to get a drink." 

"No worries, I'll get us something, I'll be right back" I tell to her and head over to the drink station.

I get to the drink station and the waiter behind the table asks what he could get me.

"2 mimosas please, no make that 3" I told him. He made them right up and handed them over. 

I took the drinks back to the table and handed them out to the girls. Summer smiled a thank you but Dee just grunted. 

"So, any word from back home?" I ask as I start to dig in to my food.

"Their first chance to fly out will be tomorrow afternoon... assuming the snow stops. But it's pretty much pointless, they would be for one night and then have to turn around and fly back. They are trying to cancel everything and get their money back." replied Summer.

Dee chimed in "Ha! Good for them. I hope he freezes his nuts off." I could only assume that "he" was her husband. 

"Well to bad for them, but I'm glad we made it out. I would much rather be here with you guys than stuck back at home with those crab asses" I said with a laugh then asked. "So what's the plan for today?"

"We should wait for the others to get here before we decide what we are doing" said a slightly less crabby Dee. I notice she had downed half of her drink in a matter of seconds.

"Well fortunately we won't have to wait to long for them" said Summer as she nods over my shoulder. I turn and look over my back and see the three missing girls. 

Aznar walks in first, wearing a tight summer dress with what looks like a bikini underneath. She has a spring in her step and smile on her face. I can't help but think I had something to do with that.

Next Ann and Jodi walked in together. Ann had a tank top and shorts on and under her top I could see what looked like a swimsuit tied above her neck. Jodi looked rough to put it nicely. She was wearing a white cover over a blue bikini. 

"Well it looks like Aznar and Ann got a good night's sleep" Said Dee with a scowl.

"What, did Jodi give you a hard time last night?" I asked but then kicked myself for bringing it up.

"Hard time? She spent the entire night in the bathroom throwing up on our towels! I could have killed her. I walked in this morning and stepped right in her mess" Dee replied miserably.

"If it happens again, you can crash in my room" I replied as I scooped some strawberries into my mouth.

"Don't you only have one bed in your room?" Summer said with a frown. 

"Yeah but I have a big couch and there's a hammock on the porch I can crash on. Or whatever, you know..." I say trying to be friendly but not to friendly.

Dee just nods her head before saying "thanks". I think she was a little surprised but a little suspicious as well. 

The other girls came and sat down. Aznar with a polite "hello" aimed at us all. Ann nodded her usual greeting. Jodi just laid her head on the table next to her glass of water. We ate and talked for a while until Jodi started snoring. 

"So now that we are all here what's the plan for today?" I asked, trying to lighten the mood.

Aznar spoke up "we were thinking about heading to the beach."

"That sounds like a good idea!" replied Summer "but I need to go change into my swimsuit."

"Me to!" I added.

"Well, do you want us to wait for you or meet you on the beach?" asked Aznar.

"The three of us will head back to the rooms and then catch up to you at the beach" Replied Summer.

Dee added "I don't think I'll change. I just want to hang out by this big pool right here and read my book for a while. At least until it gets hotter."

So we all split up, Summer and I headed for the rooms, Dee to the pool, and Aznar, Ann, and a hung over Jodi to the beach.

As I started to walk the most direct route back to our building Summer grabbed my arm and pulled me the opposite directions saying "let's take the long way around."

I shrugged my shoulders and said "fine by me." I noticed she didn't let go of my arm. Instead she wrapped her arm through mine as we walked.

"I heard you last night." She said with a smile.

"I... I can explain..." I started to stammer out.

"Nothing to explain you handled Jodi perfectly. I would have been very disappointed if you had let her in. But you did slam your door a little loudly." She replied.

"Oh that well um, well I was pretty tired and didn't feel like dealing with her bull shit." I said. 

She dropped the subject all most as fast as it started and we just walked. It felt nice to have such a beautiful woman on my arm, so I was content to just walk. When we reached the disco I had seen earlier, Summer stopped to read a sign I had missed posted by the main entrance.

"Every night a new theme!" the sign said I went down the list and found the theme for tonight "dance at the hop come show us your twist! Best couple wins a prize." 

Summer was apparently reading the list as well. "You know how to do that kind of dancing, right?"

She knew my previous girlfriend loved dancing and had made me take all sorts of dance classes. 

"Yeah I guess" I replied, not sure where this was leading. 

"You should ask Dee to be your partner. She took a bunch of those dance classes a few years ago. I bet you guys could win easy!" Summer informed me.

"Yeah... maybe." I left it at that. Summer took my arm again and we continued to stroll around the resort. We walked in silence for a while enjoying the warm morning. Until Summer broke the silence by asking me "I have a favor to ask of you."

"Sure anything for you." I replied.

She waved her free hand at me and said "I want you to hear me out first before you answer. At the end you can say yes or no and I won't hold it against you." 

"Ok... this sounds like trouble." I said with a smile to show her I was just kidding.

"It may be...." She replied with a frown.

"I was wondering if you would be willing to show Dee a good time tonight?" she said so fast it took me a second to take it in.

"She has been having a really bad time back at home. She caught Dave (her husband) sleeping with the neighbor and now she doesn't know what to do. That's why I brought her here. I thought they could rekindle their relationship but he chose to go hunting even after I told him she could come along." She quickly told me.

All I could get in was "I don't..." before she went right over the top of me. 

"I think she's afraid to leave him. She thinks that she has lost her looks after three kids and nobody will want her and she will end up alone. I think she's afraid of being alone. I just want you to show her a good time. You don't have to sleep with her if you don't want to. Just take her dancing and, and I don't know... just be you and show her a good time. You're handsome and fun to be around. I haven't seen you in such good shape since high school... I'm sure whatever happens she will enjoy it." She said.

"Just be me? What does that mean? You remember what shape I was in in high school?" I replied a little surprised and a lot confused, but she didn't answer. 

So I continued "Listen, I think Dee is very attractive and if I didn't know her husband I would probably be all over her. Besides Dee and I had a little run in at the Christmas party and if it happens again here I'm worried she may get the wrong idea. She might think I want something more... long term, if you catch my drift."

"At the Christmas party? ... So that's what's going on between you two!" She said, covering her smile with her hand. "It's all starting to make since now. After learning that and talking to her... I don't think you will have any long term problems. I don't think she is interested in a long term situation with you or with anyone for that matter."

"Ok, I'll do what you asked but you're going to owe me one!" I reply with a devious smile. 

"What does that mean?" she asks.

"Let's just say, Dee isn't the only person I find attractive on this vacation and she's defiantly not the one I would prefer to show a good time." I tell her as honestly as I could without embarrassing her.

The pale skin of her checks turns red and her big brown eyes look down at the space between us. 

"I don't... I'm not sure..." she stammered. 

"You need to relax, just enjoy yourself while you can. That's why we are here isn't it? To relax and have a good time?" I tell her.

That's easy for you to say..." she started to say but then changed it to "it sounds like you telling me to..."

I broke in "I'm not telling you to do anything other than relax, have a good time, and leave home at home."

Before I can say anything else she leaned in and kissed me, surprising me for half a second, before I kissed her back. 

We kiss for more than a few seconds until we hear "Isn't it nice to see a young couple in love!" we pull away from each other and see an elderly couple shuffling past. "Why don't you kiss me like that!" the old woman says as she playfully smacks him with a newspaper. "Because you aren't that hot" The old man replied with a smirk.

Summer and I both laughed as we watched the old timers continue down the path. For a moment it seemed we both forgot that she was married and my boss. 

We were just two people kissing on a sidewalk. Before she could remember all the other baggage from home, I took her by the hand and we started walking back to our rooms. We walked back in silence, our hands intertwined. 

We reach the door to my room first and she let go of my hand before looking at me and saying "Drew I haven't been kissed like that in a very long time... but I'm not sure I can... I'm not sure what to say, what to do."

"You don't have to say anything, but I'm pretty sure you just kissed me first..." I replied trying and failing to make her smile.

"listen, I still want you to give Dee a chance tonight. But I have another favor to ask you. She hesitated for more than a few seconds and then continued "If you do end up bringing Dee back to your room tonight, leave the sliding door to balcony open." She said, her face turning a strange shade of pink.

"Why you're not going to try and climb across or..." I said more confused than ever.

She interrupted "no, I just want to... I want to hear if she has a good time." 

"All these favors... you are really going to owe me" I say as I lean in for another kiss on those beautiful pouty lips. But she steps back and puts her hand on my chest and says "no, not now.... maybe.... maybe later." She turns and starts walking down the hallway I watch her hips sway for a few steps before she reaches her door. She opens her door but doesn't walk in, instead she turns and looks at me. She sees me looking back at her and she smiles. All I can do is smile back before she enters her room. 

I go in my room shaking my head. "What the fuck are you thinking? Promising your boss to sleep with her married friend then kissing her. Shit, I must be insane. But she did kiss me, she must feel something. I must be losing my mind. What the hell am I doing, what the hell am I going to do... the only thing I can do go forward with the "master plan" and see what happens.

I argue the good and bad points of trying to nail the four remaining girls. Dee seemed like a done deal tonight and if the other guys weren't going to make it I thought I had a chance with Summer tomorrow. If I could sleep with Dee and somehow Summer I should probably forget about Ann and Jodi. I had zero interest in Jodi at this point and Ann was a bit of a mystery that made me a little nervous."

I jump in the shower real quick just to wash the sweat from running off of me. Then I put on some swim trunks, grab my sunglasses, and my nearly forgotten book and head out the door. As I turn towards Summer's room I see her stepping out at the same time. She has a white see-thru cover over what looks like a very minimal black 2 piece. A shiver runs up my spine and I mumble "Damn..."

"I'm glad you approve." she says with a smile before I could finish. It appears she had recovered from our meeting better than I had. Then she looks me up and down and I see a slight shiver run over her body as well. Well, I am glad my choice in swimwear had the same effect on her as hers had on me.

I regain some control and say "ready go?"

She pauses still checking me out and says "yep!"

We walk back to the main building, a respectful distance apart. I'm not sure what to say and she seems to have forgotten what had happened on the way to the room.

I start to turn left and head for the first of the two large pools as Summer stops and says "beach is this way Drew." pointing to the right.

"I thought I might check on Dee." I replied.

"Good idea!" she replies and smiles "I'll see you later." As she heads for the beach I can't help but stop and check her out again. 

I continue on to the pool stopping by the bar to grab a cold drink. Once I reach the pool it's easy to locate Dee. There are only five people around a pool made for at least a hundred. She's sitting in a beach chair with her legs propped up holding a thick book. Before I head over to her I take a stiff drink and tell myself "don't screw this up."

I sit down in the chair next to her. She doesn't even look up. I cough... no reaction.

I lean over and ask "how's it going?"

She jumps a little as if I had startled her.

"Oh you surprised me. Hello, good... just reading." She says as her eyes drift over me.

"I have a question for you." I say, not wasting any time. "When Summer and I were walking back to the rooms I saw a sign at the disco. They are having a couple's swing dance competition tonight and Summer said you are a great dancer. I was wondering if you would be interested in being my partner for tonight?"

"I didn't know you liked to dance." She replied cryptically.

"I have a few moves." I answered with smile. "So are you in? There's a prize for first place."

"What's the prize?" she asked suspiciously.

"Not a clue, the sign didn't say, but I think it should be fun regardless." I reply.

She hesitates, clearly looking at the conversation front to back before answering "sure, sounds like fun."

"Great! Competition starts at 9:00 tonight. If it's ok with you, I was thinking we should go get something to eat and go over our moves, just you and me." I tell her.

"Ok... meet down in the main lobby around 7:00?" she replies.

"Perfect!" I stick my hand out and she shakes it. "Should be a blast, partner." I hold her hand an extra second longer than required and smiled at her. I let her hand go and leaned back in my chair and started reading. I could see her out of the corner of my eye as she studied me for a few minutes before returning to her book. What she was thinking was a mystery to me, but for the first time she had a real smile on her face. 

We sat, reading by the pool for about an hour, when she spoke up and said "it's starting to get hot out here I might head back to the room and get a swimsuit and some sun block."

"That's cool. Want me to walk back with you?" I ask.

"No, that's ok but I'll meet you down at the beach with the others in a bit, if you want." She replied.

"Sounds good, See you in a bit." I say. She picks up her things and heads for the rooms. I stay and finish the page I was on, then get up and head to the bar for a fresh beverage before working my way down to the ocean.

I walk down a short flight of stairs and step on warm soft sand. I look out at the light blue ocean and the slightly darker blue sky. I take a deep breath and inhale the salty air. "This is perfect" I think to myself. I look around and see the group of girls sitting on towels under beach umbrellas a few hundred feet down the sand. I head towards them snagging a towel from the towel shack. 

As I get closer I look for a spot near the group but far enough away to leave room for Dee. I finally decide on a spot between the girls and the water and lay my towel out. As I look up at the girls I see Summer still with her cover on reading a book. She looks over her book, not seeing Dee, and mouths "everything ok?" I smile and nod "yes." She smiles and goes back to reading.

I look to the other girls to see what they are up to. Ann is sitting out in the sun reading a book. She is wearing a bikini very similar to the one she had on last night with the exception of being red this time. I can see beads of sweat forming on her body. how the hell I never noticed her body before this trip I will never know. 

Aznar is sitting in the shade with a blue two piece which goes great with her naturally darker skin. She is watching the ocean and catches my looking at her. She holds a finger up to her mouth as if to say "sshh don't forget your promise." As if I would forget. Then she spreads her legs apart giving me a look at her swimsuit covered pussy before quickly snapping her legs closed. What a tease....

Next was Jodi. Complete out cold on her stomach with her ass slightly in the air, as if to say "even though I'm unconscious you can still fuck me if you want." She's even a slut when unconscious ... I set my book on my towel to keep it from blowing away and head for the water. 

Shit that's cold, but I do my best James Bond coming out of the water and notice all the ladies giving me a look over. I quickly return to my towel and lay out on my back to let the sun dry me off. I lay there for a few minutes enjoying the warm air until I hear Ann and Aznar discussing going for a swim. From my back I say "be careful it's colder than you think." 
