 As always, I LOVE feedback so please send me your thoughts etc ;)



I shifted in my seat, pulling my black skirt down slightly over my stockinged thighs. God I was wet already. He knew leaving me waiting for him was going to turn me on, he loved to tease me. I glanced nervously at the girl next to me in the office, Hayley Smith. She was pretty, in the same work outfit as me. She wore her skirt longer than me but I don't know why, she had gorgeous long legs. I glanced up at her white blouse, straining to hold in large breasts. Hard to tell from here, but they looked perfect. I smiled to myself, hoping he had something special planned involving the two of us.

While I was waiting, I let my mind wander back to last week. My boss had asked to see me in his office at the end of the day. James Carter was an incredibly attractive man. Tall, over six feet with brown hair and amazing eyes. Sometimes they looked blue and sometimes they looked green, always different depending on the light and always very sexy. 

Mr Carter (he insisted we call him that) was strict in running the office, but to be honest that was something that really turned me on. I loved to watch him being in command of the office, so much so that this weeks meeting I wasn't paying much attention to what he was saying. I was imagining what he looked like naked, what his cock would look like when it was hard, what it would feel like in my mouth – 

"Miss Jones?"

I jumped in my seat, realising that Mr Carter had asked me a question that I didn't know the answer to.

"Sorry Mr Carter, what was the question?" I mumbled.

"You would know if you were paying attention." He crossed his arms over his broad chest. "Your mind appears to be on other things."

His eyes were staring hard at me, like he knew what I was thinking. An image of me sucking his cock popped into my head and I felt my cheeks burn.

"I'll see you in my office at the end of the day Miss Jones," Mr Carter said.

"But sir – " I began to protest.

"No arguments Miss Jones."

I waited uncomfortably for the rest of the day. Mr Carter kept watching me, staring at me from his office. It made me uncomfortable and turned on at the same time. I shifted in my seat, feeling my clit throbbing at the thought of Mr Carter's cock. My nipples were hard and I crossed my arms to try to hide it.

The end of the day seemed to take forever, I was still feeling turned on and my panties were starting to feel very damp. Everyone filtered out of the office and I nervously hovered at Mr Carter's office door.

"Come here Miss Jones," Mr Carter said from behind his desk.

I nervously walked into the office and stood in front of his desk, keeping my arms crossed to hide my hard nipples, which were straining against my blouse.

"Unfold your arms Miss Jones," Mr Carter said sternly.

I reluctantly lowered my arms to my sides. He didn't seem to notice my nipples so I felt myself start to relax and tried to ignore the throbbing in my very wet pussy.

"Why weren't you paying attention Miss Jones?" Mr Carter asked. "Do you find my meetings boring?"

I felt my cheeks burn and stared hard at the floor. "No sir. Sorry sir. I was thinking of something else."

"What?" he demanded.

I was silent and stared at the carpet. I couldn't tell him but I was such a bad liar. Probably better not to say anything.

A slow smile spread over Mr Carter's face. "If you can't tell me, it must have been something naughty."

I felt my cheeks get redder and a small strangled sound escaped my throat.

"I'll take that as a yes," Mr Carter said. "Who were you thinking about?"

I glanced up and saw him staring right at me. He turned me on so much. All I wanted was for him to fuck me. "I was thinking of you," I whispered. "I'm so sorry –"

"What about me?" Mr Carter interrupted. I looked away from him and he slammed a hand down on the table. "Tell me exactly Miss Jones."

I kept my eyes on the carpet as I said it: "I was thinking about sucking your cock."

He didn't say anything and when I looked up at him he was smiling. "You'd like to suck my cock Jones? Is that why your nipples are hard?"

I nodded. 

"They've been hard a long time Jones. What about your pussy? Is your pussy nice and wet thinking about sucking my cock?"

I nodded again.

"Tell me," he said. "Tell me how wet you are."

I felt uncomfortable but also incredibly turned on. "I'm soaking wet thinking about your cock sir."

Mr Carter leaned back in his chair; I could see a growing bulge in his trousers. "Take off your blouse Jones. Then take off your bra."

I glanced nervously at him, then at the door. The thought of doing it, of being so naughty was turning me on, but I was scared someone would walk through the door. But I was so turned on I didn't care. I wanted to cum and I wanted Mr Carter to make me cum.

I fumbled with the buttons as my hands were shaking, with excitement and some fear. I reached behind me and unhooked my bra, letting it fall to the floor, my hard pink nipples large and aching for him to touch them.

He stared at my breasts for a minute. "Touch them," he said quietly. "Caress your nipples. Pinch them."

I took my breasts in my hands, flicking my thumbs over each nipple. Any nerves I had vanished at the delicious feeling it gave me. I closed my eyes and played with my breasts, pinching and tugging my nipples, enjoying the sensations running through my body down to my clit.

Mr Carter cleared his throat and shifted slightly in his chair. "Take off your panties, give them to me and sit on the desk, facing me."

I reached up under my skirt and pulled my panties down; they were sodden from all the playing I had done with my nipples. Mr Carter took them, smiled at their dampness and inhaled my musky scent. He moved back from his desk slightly to allow me to climb up and sit facing him.

I stared at the bulge in his trousers which was getting larger. God I wanted to see his hard cock.

"Open your legs," Mr Carter commanded. I moved my legs as far apart as possible. My skirt had ridden up and I knew Mr Carter could see my soaking wet pussy. "Now touch yourself Jones. Rub your clit and fuck yourself."

I was more than happy to do that, my clit was burning and definitely needed some attention. I was so wet my fingers slid easily between my lips. I leaned back and supported my weight with my left hand, using my right hand to touch myself. I slid one finger easily into my pussy, drew back and inserted another. I gave a low moan as I started to fuck myself, all the time Mr Carter was staring at my slick fingers pumping in and out of myself. Now they were good and wet, I brought them round to my clit and started rubbing, long strokes just how I like it. I bucked my hips against my fingers, creating delicious friction. I was breathing in short gasps, moaning and getting oh so close...

I felt my hand being pulled roughly away. "Please sir!" I begged. "I didn't cum yet."

"I know you haven't cum yet you little slut," Mr Carter said. 

"Please!" I begged. "I'm close."

"You're a naughty girl Jones," Mr Carter said. "And naughty girls need to be punished."

He pulled me from the desk and pushed me over his knee. I felt his hand caressing each cheek of my bare arse.

"Are you naughty Jones?" he asked roughly. I felt a hard slap on my right buttock. It felt amazing, pleasure and slight pain mixed together. I felt another hard slap. "Are you naughty?"

"Yes sir!" I cried out, enjoying this new sensation.

"What are you Jones?"

"I'm a naughty girl sir!" I cried to each of his delicious slaps. "I'm a naughty girl who needs to be punished."

I could feel his hard on pressing into my stomach and knew how turned on he was. He gave me five more slaps and I thanked him for each one. Then he slid me off his knee onto the floor.

"Now Jones," he said, unzipping his trousers and freeing his hard cock. I felt my pussy clench while I stared at it, throbbing and red. I wanted it inside me. "You are to suck my cock and make me cum in your mouth."

"Yes sir!" I said eagerly, hardly believing my fantasy was coming true. I greedily took him in my mouth, swirling my tongue round his tip and bobbing my head up and down. I could feel him hitting the back of my throat, feel his fingers tangled in my hair as he controlled my rhythm. I gripped hard onto his trousers, trying to pull him towards me, to take more of him in my mouth. I loved his taste and I wanted to taste his spunk.

He groaned and bucked his hips against me, I moaned with pleasure and felt him start to cum, shooting hot sticky cum down my throat. I eagerly gobbled it down, loving his taste, but there was so much some of it slipped out my mouth and down my chin. I knelt back and used my finger to slide the cum from my chin into my mouth. 

"That was good Jones," Mr Carter said, zipping his trousers back up. 

"Please sir," I whispered. "Please can I cum now sir?"

Mr Carter smiled. "Yes Jones I think that would be fair. Lie down on my desk."

I practically leapt onto the desk and lay down. Mr Carter stood next to me and laid a hand on my thigh, inching it up and under my skirt. I felt him stroke my pussy lips, I moaned and closed my eyes. His finger slipped easily into my pussy and was instantly joined by another. He slowly finger fucked me as I bucked my hips against him. His thumb moved to my clit and started to rub me, I felt my stomach muscles contract.

"Yes sir!" I whispered, bucking against his hands, feeling an amazing orgasm starting. "Oh Mr Carter! Yes! Yes!"

I felt my body start to shake as my orgasm hit, felt myself buck and twitch against his hand. It was amazing, like nothing I had never felt before. I lay there panting when it had finished, scarcely believing what had just happened. Mr Carter moved away from me.

"You had better get dressed and head home," Mr Carter said. 

"Yes sir." My voice was strained and I felt giddy from cumming so hard. I put my bra and blouse back on and looked round for my panties.

"I'll keep these Jones," Mr Carter said, putting my still wet panties into his desk drawer. "And you had better see me in my office next week, same day and time. I think you need more punishment."

The thought of going home on the bus with no knickers turned me on. I smiled knowing that something like this was going to happen again. "Yes sir."

And now here I was, eagerly awaiting my next punishment. I jumped as Mr Carter entered the room, then carefully closed and locked the door.

"Miss Jones, Miss Smith," he said, standing in front of us and sitting on the edge of his desk. "You two have been very naughty . I have to do your appraisals over the next few weeks and I'm afraid they might not be satisfactory. But I am willing to help you improve in certain areas. " I glanced over at Hayley, but she was eagerly staring at Mr Carter. "Today will be oral communication."

I frowned, not sure what he meant.

Mr Carter continued. "Miss Jones has already shown excellent oral communication skills last week." I stifled a moan as I remembered Mr Carter cumming in my mouth. "Now it is Miss Smith's turn to demonstrate oral communication and Miss Jones, you will help with this."

I nodded. Mr Carter smiled. "Miss Jones, please stand up and remove your blouse and skirt."

I smiled, got up from in front of the desk and did as he asked. I could feel my pussy starting to get wet. Mr Carter gestured for Hayley to get up and stood her in front of me, getting her to remove the same clothing. "Miss Smith, I want you to kiss Miss Jones. Use your tongue, but you are not to touch."

I hadn't really kissed another girl before but was turned on by the idea. Hayley smiled nervously at me, then leaned in and very softly pressed her lips to mine. I kissed back, it started off slowly as we both got used to it then got more passionate. She slipped her tongue into my mouth and I reciprocated greedily.

"Enough," Mr Carter said, and we broke apart. "Miss Smith, I want you to touch Miss Jones's breasts."

Hayley nervously lifted her hands and cupped my breasts. I could feel my nipples harden against her touch. Mr Carter instructed Hayley to remove my bra which she managed after fumbling slightly.

"Take Miss Jones's right nipple in your mouth," Mr Carter said.

I felt Hayley's hot mouth clamp down around my nipple and suck hard. I let out a moan of pleasure as her left hand caressed my left breast and pinched my nipple. I cried out slightly as she gently bit down then licked over where her teeth had been. This had really got my juices flowing and my panties were soaking wet.

"Enough," Mr Carter said again. "Miss Smith, please slip your hand inside Miss Jones's panties and tells me what it feels like."

My breathing got slightly ragged as Hayley slowly slipped her hand into my panties and between my legs, I felt her hand cup my lips and clamped my thighs together, my throbbing clit sitting in the palm of her hand.

"Anna is hot and wet," Hayley whispered. "Very, very wet."

"Good," Mr Carter said. "Now put one of your fingers into her pussy."

Hayley smiled at me and I felt her slide a finger inside me, up to her knuckle. I moaned loudly, my pussy clamped down on her finger, enjoying the pleasure of having her inside me. 

"Neither of you are to move until I tell you to," Mr Carter said, crossing his arms and watching me. 

It was delicious torture, feeling this finger in me, turning me on and being able to bring me to orgasm yet not moving.

"Please sir!" I whispered, biting my lip to keep from crying out, being driven crazy by lust.

Mr Carter smiled but ignored me. I gripped both of Hayley's arms, trying as hard as I could not to buck my hips. I took a step towards Hayley but she moved with me and her finger barely moved inside me. 

I didn't know how much longer I could bear this. "Please sir!" I cried out. "Please! Please! I can't take anymore!" I let out an anguished moan and Mr Carter instructed Hayley to remove her finger from me.

I stood there, panting, desperate with lust and desperate to cum. Mr Carter instructed me to remove my knickers and sit on the edge of his desk. I felt myself shaking as I sat down. Mr Carter positioned Hayley between my legs and watched as my juices flowed onto his table.

"Miss Smith, I want you to eat Miss Jones's pussy," Mr Carter said. He spread my knees far apart. "You can see how wet her pussy is, you can see her clit peeking out from under its hood." I practically screamed as he ran his thumb across it quickly. "Miss Jones is very aroused right now. I don't think it will take long for her to cum, will it Miss Jones?"

"No!" I moaned, lying backwards on the desk. I could feel Hayley's breath on my pussy lips, driving me wild with anticipation. I moaned loudly as she licked my clit, her lips lapping it like a cat licking milk. It felt amazing after being teased for so long, I immediately started bucking my hips as she took my clit between her lips and started flicking it with her tongue.

"Oh Hayley, Oh God!" I cried, writhing on the desk, pulling my hard nipples. "Yes Hayley, I'm close! I'm so close!"

Hayley continued to fuck me with her tongue, I felt her slide a finger inside me again and it brought me over the edge. I writhed on the desk and bucked wildly as my orgasm hit, screaming "Hayley! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

Hayley continued to lick me until I pushed her fabulous tongue away, my clit now too sensitive. I lay sweaty, panting and covered in my juices on the end of Mr Carter's desk, pleasure from my orgasm tingling through my whole body.

"Very good Miss Smith," Mr Carter said. I could see the bulge in his trousers. Would he finally fuck me today?

"Both of you lean across my desk," Mr Carter said, opening his desk drawer. We both did as he asked, Hayley grinning at me. Mr Carter pulled out a wooden ruler and moved behind us. I bit my lip, the anticipation driving me wild.

Hayley cried out next to me as Mr Carter gave her a smack with the ruler. "Yes sir!" she cried as he spanked her again. "Oh yes!"

Then it was my turn and I felt him give me a hard spank with the ruler. I moaned in pleasure, loving the feeling. "Oh sir!" I cried as he spanked me again. He continued to take it in turns, spanking both of us. I could smell my own arousal mixed with Hayley's, knowing she was getting as wet as I was.

Mr Carter paused in his spanking. "Miss Smith, remove your panties and bra and sit in my chair. Put your feet up on my desk and open your legs."

Hayley did as he asked and from where I was positioned over the desk I had an excellent view of her pussy, swollen red and soaking with her arousal. I licked my lips, staring at it and smelling her sweet musky scent.

"Do you like that? Do you like looking at Hayley's pussy?" Mr Carter asked, giving me another hard smack.

"Yes sir!" I gasped.

Another smack. "You'd like to eat Hayley's pussy wouldn't you Jones? You'd love to have her pussy juice all over your face."

"Yes sir!" I gasped as he smacked me.

Hayley was moaning, watching him spank me. She put her hand in her pussy and starting rubbing her hard nub. She took her other hand and slipped two fingers into her sopping pussy. Mr Carter continued to spank me as she fucked herself, removing her fingers and pinching her hard nipples, making them wet with her juices. I was getting so wet, I wanted him to fuck me my pussy was desperate for his hard cock.

"Please sir!" I gasped. "Please fuck me! "

"You want me to fuck you?" Mr Carter asked, continuing to smack me. "Where do you want me to fuck you?"

I was so turned on, I could feel my juices running down my legs. I couldn't take much more of this, Hayley continued to pinch her nipples as she smiled at me with an amused look. She knew the torture he was putting me through.

"My pussy Mr Carter!" I begged. "Please fuck my pussy! Please!"

I could hear him chuckling as I heard his trousers unzip. I almost came straight away as he slammed his hard cock into me. He felt amazing inside me, filling me up and going so deep inside. I watched as Hayley resumed fucking herself, rubbing her clit, closing her eyes and rocking her hips against her hands. I watched her make herself cum, loud moans escaping her mouth as her body shook. I felt Mr Carter's hand reach round, his fingers rubbing my clit. After only a couple of strokes he made me cum hard, harder than I have ever cum before, my body shaking as I cried out, "Oh sir! Oh Mr Carter! YES! Yes!"

He continued to pound in and out of me and I could feel another orgasm building inside me. I watched Hayley slowly lick her juices from her fingers and I felt myself cum again, pleasure running through my whole body as I screamed in ecstasy. I felt my knees buckle as my pussy continued to throb around his wonderful cock and was grateful I had the desk to hold me up.

I heard Mr Carter groan and then he came, filling my sopping pussy with his cum. I stayed collapsed on the desk as I felt the pleasure from my orgasms running through my body. My legs both felt like jelly and I had no idea how I was going to walk out of here.

Mr Carter zipped his trousers back up. "You have both passed your oral communication but I think you both need some extra tutoring with me."

I smiled at Hayley who grinned back at me. I knew neither of us could wait!