 I could hardly believe it; we were the only ones sitting at first class. Our flight attendant told us something about the current economy and the night flight, but I didn't really pay her any attention. I enjoyed the large space and I was happy Walden, Inc. paid the first class tickets for the three of us.

There were Bonnie, Carl and me arranging our bags into the luggage racks above our seats. When my boss told me I had to go to Japan to get to know my colleagues better and to participate in some meetings, I wasn't happy at all. But later on, I found out Bonnie was coming as well, and the firm would pay all our expenses, so it promised to be an exciting week.

So here we were on the plane, packing our luggage into the shelves above the seats. I helped Bonnie with her suitcase. Carl was already sitting beside us, reading a Playboy issue with a grin on his face.

"Is that chick from Two And A Half Men?" I asked, pointing to the cover girl of the magazine.

"Yeah, Jenny McCarthy," he said, checking the cover. "She's hot, isn't she?"

"As I recall, she was on the cover last year," I said. Carl shrugged, saying,

"I don't really have time to read my magazines," he said. "They just pile up on my shelves. But on a flight like this, I usually have time for some reading."

"Some read Schopenauer, some read the Playboy," Bonnie giggled.

"Hey, don't judge me, okay?" Carl said.

We all sat down and fastened our belts. It wasn't long till the plane took off.

*

I was having a very bad dream. I was in a parking garage and Britney Spears was chasing me with a whip. She shouted at me, "Work, bitch!" I couldn't escape her, anyhow I tried hiding behind a Maserati or a Bugatti. She was spanking my bare ass with her long black whip and shouted the same line at me again and again.

I woke up to a sudden trembling of the plane. I looked around. Carl was snoring beside me with his Playboy on his lap. As the cover crinkled, Jenny McCarthy had a grin on her face.

I glanced over at Bonnie. She was asleep. An eye mask was covering her eyes. Her perky breasts rose and fell in slow motion under her blouse. She even snored a bit which made her even cuter. Her legs were slightly sprawled as she slept in the reclined airline seat.

I thought about what she had said earlier, about how she would try to do it in public. I thought about some of her hints -- her peeping at the couple in the office, her willingness at the Halloween party, her ass being fucked at the promotion party and so on. I came to the idea I had to take my chances here and now, on this airline flight.

I looked around. Carl was sleeping as well, with his Playboy on his lap. His face leaned to the window, but he didn't seem to be bothered by the cool surface.

There were no other passengers in first class. The travelers in the coach class sat behind us in another compartment, separated by a red curtain. The flight attendants probably had their break since none of them were around.

I opened my safety belt. I stood up, looked around again, and checked whether everything was safe. No one was around. I loosened my tie around my neck and took it off. I untied it and leaned it over Bonnie's arms. It was long enough for me to gently tie her hands to the armrests. I was working slowly, checking around again and again. I tied a loose tie on her hands so she would be able to free herself easily, if necessary.

I managed to tie her arms without waking her up. I knelt down before her on the carpet. I lifted her skirt slowly, but stealthily. I could see her black thong under her skirt, barely covering her pussy.

Bonnie's reclined seat gave me better access to her pussy. I touched the inner part of her thigh. She twitched a bit, her head turned to the other direction, but she didn't change how she breathed. I thought she was still sleeping.

I moved her thong aside and exposed her slit. With my palm up, I slowly and gently worked my middle finger all the way into her cunt.

She sighed and rolled her head to the side. I thought she might wake up, so I removed my finger and placed it under my nose. Her musky pussy scent caused my cock to inflate. When I realized Bonnie was still sleeping, I put two fingers back in her pussy and moved them in and out. Her lubrication began leaking out on my fingers and her pussy odor filled the air.

When I began moving my thumb over her clit, Bonnie woke up, pulled her eye mask up and looked down at me.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Relax," I told her. "Let me take care of you."

"You're going to get caught."

"I've checked, and the flight attendants are on a break," I answered.

"Well then, you'd better hurry because you've made me horny."

She smiled and sprawled her legs further apart.

"Put the mask back on," I told her and she did, leaning back in the reclined chair and let me finger her pussy.

I began moving my fingers faster and faster inside her pussy while moving my thumb in circles over her clit.

She lifted her pelvis to give me better access to her pussy. I leaned forward and flipped my tongue on her clit. When she tried to move her hands to pull my head toward her pussy, she realized they were tied to the arms.

I smeared her pussy juices over her asshole and slowly pushed my middle finger in it. It was tight and hot, as always.

"Oh... Fuck...," she moaned. "I'm almost there."

I continued moving my fingers in and out of her pussy and ass and licking her clit until her body went rigid and her orgasm hit her. Bonnie's pussy and asshole clamped down on my fingers about ten times before it ended, leaving her panting for breath.

I looked up at her. She was smiling happily, but to my huge surprise, Carl was awake, standing beside her with a huge grin on his face. His hands even were fondling her breasts in her cleavage. How the hell did he wake up and stand beside her? Was he a fucking Cherokee warrior or what? And Bonnie was enjoying herself, she was smiling.

"Can I join?" Carl asked, hoarsely. I thought it over. Fucking Bonnie in the first class, miles high, in a threesome?

"Why not?" I shrugged. "Let's do her!"

"Cool," he said, grinning. He released Bonnie's boobs which made her moan out disappointedly. He straightened up, grinning, and opened his fly. Bonnie turned to the sound of his zipper and smiled again. He took out his cock; it was hard already. He pointed it at Bonnie's face and pulled his foreskin back. He fondled it for a few times, then touched her lips with the purple, shiny head of his cock. Bonnie followed his cock with the eye mask still on, smiling happily.

In a flash I had my trousers and shorts around my knees. I placed Bonnie's feet over my shoulders and impaled her with my stiff cock. It wasn't the most comfortable position that we'd ever used, but the airline seat didn't give us any other choices.

I just plunged my rod deep into her hot pussy when I saw a flight attendant slide the red curtain aside. I just looked into her eyes and pictured how she could see us -- a young brunette lying in the reclined chair with her skirt pulled up and the eye mask still on her face, being fucked by a horny guy dressed in his suit and she sucking another guy's dick. I saw her wink after she put her hand over her mouth, then she quickly closed the curtain.

I fucked Bonnie harder. She was panting and puffing almost as hard as after her orgasm. When I stood up a little more, Bonnie was folded in half with her feet near her head. The new angle gave me a better opportunity to hit her G-spot with my cock and I got a closer look at how she sucked Carl's erect cock. He even grabbed her head and pushed himself deeper to her throat with every thrust he made. As he was moving in and out, his cock became more and more wet, and her saliva even got smeared around her red lips.

She came again. I knew she could cum really quickly when she has a hard cock in her mouth, that's why we did so much 69. She enjoyed it right now as well. She held Carl's cock deep in her mouth, and her whole body trembled.

"That's it, baby...," Carl murmured. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and smacked her cheeks with it a few times. Bonnie enjoyed it with a smile, and we could feel her afterglow even with her eye mask still on.

"Let me have a bit of her pussy," Carl said to me.

"Fine," I said. "Sit on the chair."

I released the restraints on Bonnie's arms and helped her get up. It was difficult to control her with the eye mask still on her face. We had to move slowly. I nodded to Carl. He sat on the chair, leaned back, and helped Bonnie sit in his lap, facing him. She giggled when she felt his erection between her thighs. He pulled her thong away, guided his cock into her slit and when he succeeded, she sat on it.

She just sat there for a few seconds, enjoying Carl's cock in her pussy. While she did so, I took her hands, pulled them back behind her back an leaned close to her ears,

"Do you like his cock in your pussy?" I hissed to her. "Do you like it deep in you?"

"Yes...," she moaned like a kitten.

"Good...," I said. Holding her hands I got to an idea. I picked up my tie from the floor and tied her hands behind her back. She moaned again, smiling, and started to ride Carl. She was moving with long, slow thrusts on him, splitting herself on his stiff cock again and again.

I bent her over Carl and pulled her skirt up a bit more, and pulled her thong sideways. I grabbed her ass and pushed her down on Carl's cock to the hilt.

"Now you're gonna get it, you little slut," I said. I stood behind her and slowly but firmly pushed my cock deep into her asshole. It was so tight and hot I almost lost it.

"Ohhhh... yeah...," she moaned. Her head dropped to Carl's chest and her hair covered her face. But I could tell she was enjoying it.

"You're a real bitch in heat," Carl said.

"Fuck me!" she ordered, and we obeyed happily.

I grabbed her boobs and started fucking her ass. Her pussy fluids made my cock wet and slippery so I could fuck her tight asshole with abandon. It was so tight I felt like I'm splitting her in half. Besides, I could feel Carl's hard cock pounding her pussy. He held her by her face and fucked her hard.

"Do you like it?" I hissed in her ears. "Do you like being double-fucked?"

"Fuck yeah!" She said.

"I bet you like it, you bitch!" Carl said to her. "I bet you like being fucked in your ass and pussy at the same time."

"Yeah..." Bonnie moaned.

Carl fucked her with an evil grin on his face. He checked her hand being tied back behind her, and pulled down his own tie as well. He continued fucking her hard but tied his tie around her neck like a collar and grabbed the end of it like a slip.

"We're gonna fuck your brains out, bitch," he exclaimed then he turned to me, saying, "Here you are, brotha" and handed me the tie sideways. I took the end of it and pulled Bonnie back just like a bitch in heat. She straightened which caused our cock moving into her in a different angle.

"Wow," I moaned.

"Yeah..." she sighed and moved in contrast to our thrusts. We fucked her balls deep with strong, hard thrusts.

"Fuck!" she cried out, and her body started to tremble. I quickly put my palm to her mouth to keep her silent. She came with us sandwiching her -- I felt her flesh spasming on my cock. She was breathing hard. But we didn't stop, we pushed our throbbing cocks into her hot body again and again.

The red curtain slid aside slightly and I saw two female flight attendants peeking through the small opening, while we continued fucking Bonnie. That caused me to shoot a huge load of sperm into her hot throbbing asshole.

"Mmmm...," she purred. "Come on, boys, fill me up..."

This did it for Carl as well. I could feel through Bonnie's pussy wall his cock stiffening and trembling in her pussy. He let out a loud groan, and thrust a last one, coming deep into her.

I slowly pulled back. My cock popped out of Bonnie's ravished asshole with an audible 'pop.' I untied my tie around her hands and took Carl's tie from her neck and gave it back to him.

"Thanks, man," he said. "I think I'm gonna keep it as a memory."

Bonnie adjusted her hair back and pulled down her eye mask. Her face was red but I could see in her eyes she really enjoyed the whole session.

"Thank you, guys..." she said. "That was just what I needed."

I saw the curtain open just a bit and both female flight attendants stepped next to our seats.

"Welcome to the Mile-High Club," the first one said. "That was pretty hot."

The second flight attendant gave us some warm, damp wash cloths. "You'll need these to clean up," she added.

"Thank you," Bonnie answered.

"I hoped you liked the show," Carl added, grinning.

"I sure did," the first one said, checking Carl out. "I haven't seen anyone fucking like that since I've worked here."

The flight attendants left for a couple minutes to let us wipe our fluids off and get our clothing rearranged. The area around our seats smelled like pussy. 

A few minutes later, the second flight attendant came back with a plastic bag to drop the used wash cloths into.

"We'll be serving a meal in a few minutes. You probably need it," she winked.

"Oh yeah," Carl said. "We definitely do." He sat into his chair and opened his Playboy again. "Sorry, honey," he said to Jenny McCarthy on the cover, "I hope you don't mind but ain't got time for culture."