 Kyle and Shannon had not planned the trip. They just packed the bags, making sure they had the right clothes for the season, did not inform any relatives, just left.

On the way, using the smart-phone, they connected to a airline and bought themselves two tickets, and arrived in Mumbai seven hours later. They spent a day or two in Mumbai, the heat and bustle of the city a little overwhelming they took the ferry and arrived at Goa.

They took a cab and went from resort to resort, checking out different ones, and then they found one, right by the sea, the chalets made of granite stone, just the place they liked to spend a few days lounging in the beach. The sight of semi nude and topless women walking about nonchalantly on the pristine sandy beach was reassuring. 

Just the kind of place to hang out in without too many inhibitions.

The climate was just perfect, the sun shone, not too brightly, the summer was at least a few weeks off yet, the winter was fading and it was not too cool either. The afternoon they settled in they ordered some cold Margaritas and lounged in the cute balcony, under the shade, watched the sea sparkle and took a deep breath, yawned and knew they were in a sort of heaven.

They dozed off. They woke up as the evening began to arrive and washed and dressed up.

They had earlier planned it out, they would go to the dinner early, sit and have a few drinks and then enjoy the buffet.

A couple of Margaritas later they felt a little more relaxed. People began to mill around, go for the food. There was a white family, not far away, quite boisterous and loud, the laughter permeated the large hall. A couple of tables away were two hunks of Arab descent, quite good looking and big.

A table behind them sat a young black man, looked white suave in his white short, his muscles bulged out of his sleeves.

Shannon was looking at the two hunks, one of her eyebrows raised.

Kyle had pulled his chair closer to her so they could talk softly.

"Forget the two hunks." He whispered to her. "They are obviously gay."

"Are you sure?" She asked, "They look gorgeous."

"Well can't be sure, but look like it they way they look at each other. The black guy, on the other hand, hmmm."

"Hmmm..." She replied, her eyes flitting towards the man, and flitting back as she flicked her tongue on her lips. She was getting aroused.

"It is said they have big cocks, not all of them, but mostly."

"Hmmm." She said again. There was a hint of moan in her sound. "Would love to take him on."

"Oh he would love to dip in your lovely pussy, I guarantee." Kyle laughed.

The man got up to refill his plate, walked by them, nodded and gave them a smile; his white teeth sparkled on his black skin.

Kyle raised his hand, and gave him thumbs up. "Where you from?" 

The man nodded and smiled, his white teeth sparkled, his shit barely held the muscles in, he was big, well, at least to their standards. He towered.

They finished their food and strolled back to the chalets. They sat in the lounge and had another drink while he went in and lit a couple of cigarettes for them and passed a joint to her.

They must have dozed off and a few stragglers were still walking on the beach. Shannon woke to up and watched the white beach, and then she leaned to her husband and shook him awake. A lone man was walking on the beach, from the other side towards hem. Probably some guest just enjoying the sand under his feet.

"Isn't that the guy we saw at the dinner?" She asked.

It seemed so. But soon they would know for sure, the man was approaching closer. And it turned out to be the black dude. Kyle stood up and waved to him, and gestured him to come over. Kyle offered him a can of beer, and he took it happily.

They introduced each other, his name was Pete. "This is my wife Shannon, and to be candid, she thinks you are hot."

Pete grinned, his pearly white teeth showed again, dark against his skin. He reached out his hand to shake her hand. And her small hand in his large was a contrast. Immediately, Kyle's mind flashed to picturing them together, she was one third his size. He would be like a giant next to her.

"So I am hot?"

Shannon blushed; hit her husband lightly in protest.

They talked, he was a lawyer in a Canadian firm, was here for a week. His wife Carla was supposed to join him the next afternoon, flying from Melbourne after some business.

"Oh." Kyle gave them an evil grin. Pete, you just made her erotic juices flow, her mind will be fantasizing now..." He got another smack from his wife on his ass.

Pete grinned too. And Shannon blushed even redder.

"So you are bachelor for two nights. If you care for our company then just join us for drinks in an hour." Kyle added as they crushed the cans and threw them in the large dustbin.

"Sure."

"Did you see his bulge?" Shannon gushed, as the man walked back, away from them. "Did he have an erection or is he big."

"They have a reputation Shan, maybe he is."

He had all the attributes she drooled over though. He was large, over twice his size, big shoulder, and well maintained muscles, even with the t-shirt on you could tell he had no body fat. And as he walked away, his ass moved, in the way she liked.

He was fair looking, thick lips, very close cropped hair, clean shaven.

"Fuck me now you bastard, I am all wet." Shannon growled and she walked into the cooler room. They had left the air con on.

Kyle needed no second invitation, he was behind her. Bending her down on the bed, as he stripped down her shorts and his mouth began to work. She was indeed dripping wet. This Pete guy had her real aroused. It was even more intense than he had believed. He liked it of course. He liked his wife being a slut now and then. 

They had this rule, a long standing vacation rule. Whenever they took a vacation together, they were free to sleep around. If she found a man she liked, he would help her get the man, if he liked a woman, she would help plan get her in bed with him. They preferred couples though. It was easier. But sometime – oh fuck – many times they had ended up in threesomes all together.

This was such a vacation; her horny nature was on prowl. As was his.

They fucked hard and fast, coming with a noisy finish.

They took a quick shower, and dressed up to go for drinks.

He was sitting there, on a table with chairs for three, at one far corner of the large lounge bar. A band was playing soft music; it was not loud enough to constraint conversation. He waved.

They joined him.

They ordered drinks and soon were having an animated conversation. Both of them were well versed in the art of conversation, and soon they had divulged their place if residence, their travelling experiences.

They laughed at some joke Pete made. Then Pete, cleared up his throat and said.

"So Shannon, you must tell me some of the fantasies of yours."

"Wouldn't you rather see them in action?" She laughed. A few drinks and she was no blushing bride.

"Well, Shan, he is married, he may not have as open a relationship..."

"Open relationship?" The man raised one eyebrow.

"Well..." Kyle told him of the vacation rule.

"That seems fantastic," Pete whistled. "You know Carla and I have had many talks about this, if the place and time is right, we would love to experiment. You know expand the horizon, take the step forward."

"It is a great thing, f you love each other and don't mind it..." Kyle said. "We take a great pleasure in seeing each other take joy."

"That is how it should be."

"You know guys; let us call it a day. Unless you don't mind going back to the chalet for a few more, I need to get out of this outfit and into something cooler."

They walked to the chalet, the night air seemed to sober them a little, they ordered some kabobs, Pete carried the bag. 

Kyle opened a bottle of Vodka and offered everyone drinks; they sat in the small porch.

"So now you gonna tell me some of the fantasies."

Shannon had gone in and changed to a shorts and singlet. The nipples were protruding through the flimsy cloth, hard as pebbles.

"Well have not had had time to form one yet, take of your short, let me see if something comes up. 

The man took of his short, he was hairless, a large tattoo on his chest of a snake biting its tail.

The body was perfectly chiseled, perfect muscles without the obscene style of the body builders. That was just the kind that got Shannon's juices flowing. Kyle, who knew her inside out, could even smell her sex.

She drew a sharp breath. She reached to touch him; her hand looked so white and small against him.

"Now take off the pants too." Her voice was hoarse, she was in the zone where nothing else mattered to her. 

Pete looked at Kyle who nodded and slowly the black man began to undo his pants. They fell on the floor and he stepped out of it. The boxer he was wearing had a tent. And a wet patch.

Her eyes blazing, she looked at Kyle, who sat with his arms crossed and then at Pete.

"So tell me Pete, you still wanna hear the fantasy or see it happen."

"See." Pete's voice was hoarse too. 

Shannon stood up, she caught her singlet with a thumb and forefinger and peeled it over the head and flung it at Kyle, she stepped out of the shorts, stark naked, clean shaven, pure white. She was a looker, she was. Kyle got a hard on just looking at her.

"You like them Pete, they are so small and tiny." She cupped her breasts. 

"They are perfect." And they were, for her body size they were just right, and forty five still firm and round, not even a hint of sag in them.

She reached for his hand and brought it to her breast. "Feel it, feel both of them."

His hands covered her completely, that is how the size differed. She moaned as he kneaded them. And she let her hand caress his sculpted body, till it reached into his boxers and that made her draw a sharp breath, she tugged the boxers down and even Kyle drew a sharp breath. Even partially erect, Pete was twice his better than average six and half inches. He was thick as hell too. His foreskin was covering his head, which just barely peeped out. Dark and hard, this was a night Shannon would savor for a long time. She dropped to her knees. 

Her tiny hands looked too small for the huge monster. She stroked him to life. She pushed the foreskin as far back as it could go and the purple head looked just too delicious to her and she swallowed the head. That is about all she could swallow. But her hands made up for it by stroking the length of his magnificent cock. 

Then he arched his back, pushed a little more of his cock in her mouth, holding her head.

Kyle at this point would have given anything to see her slit by this man monster. But it was a rule to let each have at least a little bit of uninhibited private moment first, to break the ice, so to speak. 

She let go of the cock, looked at Pete then leaned back and said huskily. 

"Kiss my pussy Pete, suck the juices with that big bad tongue and then fuck me baby."

Pete smiled, then instead of kneeling down turned around and placed his hand on her wasit and lifted her, carrying her upside down so she was legs spread out and his mouth on her cunt. She let out a long surrendering moan. The kind she lets go when someone has aroused her so much that she gives herself to the man, completely, to do whatever he pleases. Kyle had got her into these kind moments many times, but never this quickly.

In fact he could recall a very few people having made her surrender her will like this. Kyle was one, Jake, Joe and among women, Jennifer always had that effect on her.

Then even though she was short and small and barely reached the man's belly, she found the cock and it was long enough to reach her mouth. 

Kyle thought it was time to let them be alone. He got up went into the room and picked up a pack of cigarette and went for a walk. 

He turned around to see them stumble towards the room. 

Inside, he laid her down on the bed; her whole crotch was sloppily wet from his saliva and her copious outpourings. He laid her down on the bed and spread her legs, as far as they could and then maneuvered to bring his cock to her small, tight entrance. This was the moment Kyle had wanted to witness, he would eventually.

She reached out and took the thick throbbing shaft and rubbed the head against her wet lips and as the lips parted, he thrust down. That nearly took her breath away, and the wail she let out was loud and shattering. He thrust harder and he was impaled into her, all of his nine inches, and she was hyperventilating, her eyes wide open, glazed.

He let the sensations sink into her, let her body adjust to the thickness. She had never even taken a dildo this size, let alone a cock. The coming down, reasting on his elbow, his black form a contast against his white, and his torso covered all of her; anyone seeing from behind would think he was fucking a pair of legs. 

He began to thrust slow, coming out to the tip of his cock and diving back in, slow and steady and as came, and came again. His other arm had gone under her neck and held her pressed against his chest, she could inhale his aroma, his sweat body letting out a rough manly odor, her senses were assaulted, she was heady from the many smell, filled to the hilt with his manly cock and overpowered by his size. 

Her head was spinning from the total orgasm her body was going through, orgasm after another, hitting her in waves, and each more powerful the previous one. She felt him speed up. His thrusts became harder and harder. He extricated himself from her, held her waist and began to thrust short hard thrusts. 

That was all see needed to go off the cliff. She rose a little, reaching to hold his hand, one and her nails dug into his skin. Her lips twisted and her eyes watery, glazed and red. Her nostrils flared to take one difficult breath after another. He arched his back and thust hardest, reaching the dark bottoms no many or toy had ever reached before. 

She sensed the extra steel come into the cock as it made the seismic rush towards eruption. 

Everything came to a near standstill, it seemed time just slowed down as her completely filled pussy throbbed, her clitoris was set on fire and she felt the first warm splash of semen in her cunt, deep inside her cunt. She screamed, and then his cock swelled and stretched her even more and she rose and clung to his chest. Her teeth were biting into his nipple, her fingernails digging into his back and he twitched and throbbed, sending every drop that had been collecting for a long while into her womb. 

It took nearly ten minutes for the cock to stop twitching and began to soften. 

He was sweating all over; sweat poured out his body and dripped down his chin and nose.

He was panting too. 

"That is some cunt you have there, Shannon, tight as fucking hell."

As he pulled out still thicker than her husband in a hard state, she reached for it, moving to wrap her mouth around the slick cock, drinking his cum, a different taste, different aroma. Ahe pussy, still wide open from his cock, slowly began to close up. She was panting too and she lay there looking at the big man who had fucked her moments ago. 

She said, all of a sudden. "I need a fag, a fucking cigarette. Come. They both walked out, naked. In the pale moonlight they saw Kyle sitting on the sand, a cigarette in his fingers. They reached him and sat next to him. She took his newly lit cigarette and took a drag.

"You should have been there Kyle, you should have seen the way he filled me."

Kyle caressed her cheek and smiled.

"Some woman you have there, I can't remember having cum so hard before." Kyle smiled again, into the pale moonlight, very proud of his wife. She was indeed some fuck. He knew that.

They went into the sea for a while, the waves were bit high and they kept themselves close to the shore.

The returned to the room, made themselves a fresh drink. 

"Now both of you, fuck me together. I want my two holes pumped hard again."

As Kyle came to her, his pants out, his cock hard and lusting for her, he looked at him and smile and took his cock in her mouth. 

"Oh baby." He cried, as she lay back and he went on his knees and she spread her legs for Pete to take her pussy. Kyle adjusted his position so he can watch. Her black lover had gone on his knees and was prostrating to her cunt, his red thick tongue darted and lapped at her sodden pussy, and she squealed over Kyle's cock.

Kyle was enthralled by the sight. He has seen it before. Shannon had taken another man with him around, but the sight of the black giant, against his tiny wife was fascinating. He pulled his cock out of her mouth, slip under her head and and palced her head in his lap, holding her to raise her so she could see herself being licked.

The sight made her even hornier, if that could be possible.

Kyle cock nestled against the side of her neck and throbbed away. Pete at last lifted his head from the pussy, his black lips and nose and chin glistening with her juice. 

Kyle took on the role of the director, as much for the erotic aspect of wanting to see it as for the pleasure he knew it would bring her beloved whore. 'Pete, kiss her, let her lick your face clean." He hissed. His cock was twitching and throbbing. Pete leaned forward. Shannon held his face and began to kiss the big man, again the contract was amazing, and her little lips against his big black lips. 

He kissed and he lapped her face, lathering her with his saliva. Normally she did not take too well to such licking of face, but she was too far gone in a erotic world of luct to care, she kissed back and licked back.

"Give her your cock Pete, let her suck it your big black cock." Kyle interjected, moving on order of things. 

The big man moved, for the first time Kyle got a clear and close up look at the magnificent tool. Its purple head shone through the retracted foreskin and the dark meat was twice his size, in thickness and in length. 

Unable to help himself, Kyle reached his hand and touched it, it throbbed in his hand, and the as he stroked it the foreskin came forward and then slid back. Kyle has seen an uncut cock before, had been a great admirer of its beauty, its animal look, but this one was truly magnificent, a piece of art. His whole body throbbed at the touch, his cock throbbed, he was close to shooting his load off and he dropped the cock, looked away.

Kyle had sometimes held attraction to his own sex, but the kind that attracted him were the soft effeminate type, the shemales even. Kyle and Shannon had discussed this subject many times. He would mind trying out with a younger boy, one who was ready to suck his dick. In fact the thought of a womanly looking boy going down on him was arousing, the though of kissing such a lady boy was not totally repugnant, and the thought of impaling his cock in one such ass was a little ambivalent, sometime very arousing ans sometimes no so.

But in all his imaginative adventures he had been the fucker, the one who took someone's ass, one whose dick was sucked, never the bottom. Here holding this cock, his Alpha Male status was slipping away, he was no more the top dog, nor an equal dog. This animal was the one that ruled this room.

Kyle was excited, at once, and a little scared.

Before this when his wife of many years had found her lold lover Aslam and wanted to fuck him, he had been delighted, and when the relationship evolved and he joined in the fucking, even with a thicker and longer cock Aslam had been no threat to his manhood. He had not been that much thicker and that much bigger, he had still been the man. 

Even when in another occasion when Siva and Kyle had taken on Shannon, both end, filling her ass and cunt at the same time, Kyle had been the Alpha dog. 
