 Part 1 of 4: The Intern

They sat quietly in the luxury office of Cobolt Lansing.

Charlotte casually leaned back on her chair, behind her desk, as she reviewed the resume. She was an elegant and graceful woman. Beautiful in every way. But there was a shrewdness in her that allowed her to become a director for the major corporation.

"Not bad," she nodded.

Across the desk was Becky, a sweet looking college student. She was wide-eyed and fresh faced. She sat with perfect posture and appeared to be the very definition of a 'good girl.' 

Charlotte continued, "Your record looks great. I like that you challenge yourself with tough courses and you've managed to do well. I also like that you spend your free time doing charitable work for the community. This is an impressive resume."

"Thank you," Becky said proudly.

"So, the semester is almost over, and you want to spend your winter break as my intern. Why?"

Becky cleared her throat. "Because I think it will be a great opportunity for me to learn. Also, I think this would be very beneficial to you as well. I'm great at organizational work and menial tasks. I could be of great service to you."

"Wouldn't you rather spend your winter holidays with your family?"

"They would understand, given this opportunity to work for a major corporation like Cobolt Lansing."

Charlotte smiled. "Ambitious. I like that. You know, you remind me of myself when I was your age. I was also ambitious. And I did whatever it took to succeed."

"I'll take that as a compliment," Becky said proudly.

"Unfortunately, I did a little bit of research into your background. It seems you were a bit of a bad girl in your previous college, before you transferred."

Becky's confidence suddenly disappeared. Her face looked drained and her eyes widened.

"What do you mean?"

"You know exactly what I mean," Charlotte replied with an almost gleeful sound in her voice. "Apparently, there was a fraternity party and you were suspected of being a very bad girl."

Becky's lips quivered. "It's not like that. You have to believe me. It was only once. A friend invited me. I had never been to a party like that before."

"Well, Cobolt Lansing has very close relationships with ivy league fraternities. After all, we're always looking to recruit the best and brightest. Our sources are very well informed."

Becky fought back the tears. "If you aren't going to give me the internship position, then why did you request this private meeting in your office?"

"Who says you're being denied?"

"You're not rejecting my application?"

Charlotte shook her head. "Not at all. Someone's personal life is their business. I don't mind if you're a bad girl on the side."

"I'm not a bad girl," Becky said in a highly defensive manner. "It was just, I made a mistake. A horrible mistake. I never do those kinds of things. I'm a very religious person."

"I believe you, Becky. I really do. You look like such a sweet girl. However, Cobolt Lansing is a giant in the corporate world. We deal with billions of dollars. Do you understand?"

Becky nodded. "Yes."

"With that kind of power, we demand trust from our employees. If there's no trust between management and employees, then we can't succeed. Does that make sense?"

"It does."

Charlotte leaned forward with a serious expression. "So, Becky, what did you do at your old college?"

It was a tense moment. The interview for the internship position suddenly felt like a police interrogation. Especially since Charlotte was showcasing her shrewd no-nonsense business side.

Becky took a deep breath. "I had just joined a sorority. I desperately wanted to be popular. There was an initiation. We had to go to the fraternity party. And...."

The young college student froze for a moment. There was pure embarrassment on her face as she sat in the large corporate office.

"And what?"

"I did things I was ashamed of," Becky replied.

"Like what? Tell me?"

"I'm assuming you know what a gloryhole is," Becky said with the utmost humiliation. 

Charlotte leaned back in her chair. She finally got the admission she was looking for.

"You truly are a bad girl, Becky."

"I'm not..."

"Quiet. Not another word."

Charlotte stood up and adjusted her office skirt. She was a tall and graceful woman with a powerful presence. She walked over to the young college student, as the student was mystified by what was happening.

The boss stood in front of Becky and leaned her bottom against the edge of the desk.

"I think you have so much potential," Charlotte said. "I really like you. There's something special about you and I'm willing to take a chance. Am I making the right decision so far?"

Becky swiftly nodded. "Yes, you are."

"Good. Here's what's going to happen. Finish your current semester of college. Get good grades, like you always do. Then contact me. We can work out a month long internship for you during your winter break."

Becky flashed a huge smile. "Thank you so much."

"Don't thank me yet. You have to earn the internship. If you pass, then you'll be my apprentice for a month. But I have to warn you, it can be grueling, and very demanding."

"That's never been a problem for me. I was born a hard worker."

"Good. Now leave. I have a busy day."

Becky thanked the woman profusely, they shook hands, and Becky left the office in an elated mood.

***

The next few weeks. Becky lived her life as she normally did. Her focus was on her academics. Her social life was fairly active as well. She was a member of a different sorority since transferring. Plus she was involved in a few clubs on campus.

Final exams came and she did her very best. Just like always.

As students went home for the holidays, Becky stayed behind. Being an intern for a powerful woman like Charlotte was inspiring. It was her chance to learn and make connections. She knew it would be tough, but she could handle it.

When the time came, Charlotte made an appointment for them to meet again.

***

The conference room had the perfect view of the city. It was simply spectacular. Becky's eyes were glued to the view. 

The long conference table had a series of forms spread across. There was also a pen on top. Everything was ready to be signed.

"Don't worry," Charlotte said. "I'm not trying to trick you. The forms are written in plain English. This is standard procedure."

Of course, Charlotte was referring to the non-disclosure agreements and waivers of liabilities which were on the table. It was carefully drafted by the corporate legal team to ensure their secrets would be safe.

Becky took a moment to look them over, then she signed.

"You see," Charlotte said. "That wasn't so hard, was it?"

"Not at all."

"Now we can trust each other. As I've mentioned, trust is very important in a corporation like this."

Becky nodded. "You're absolutely right."

"I'm glad we're on the same page. Becky, do you know how a corporation is structured, as it relates to shareholders?"

"I have an idea."

"Then explain it to me."

Becky gathered her thoughts. "Well, shareholders elect the Board, and the Board elects the CEO. Basically, the shareholders elect the people who run the company and make the decisions."

"Exactly," Charlotte smiled. "That's exactly how a corporation is structured. A large part of my job is keeping the shareholders happy. That way, I can continue to have all these wonderful things."

"It's nice to see more women succeed."

"Correct. And you're going to help me."

Becky's eyes widened. "I am?"

"That is, if you want to?"

"Absolutely. I'd love to intern for you these next few weeks."

Charlotte gave a slow and confident nod. "Good, because I could really use your help. You see, our company has an annual New Year's Eve party in the office. A few weeks later, we have our elections. So we like to keep certain shareholders happy."

"If you're looking for someone to help arrange a party, I'm your girl," Becky replied with determination. "I've done plenty of this for sororities or other jobs that I've had over the years."

Charlotte smiled, "Excellent. But the party is already taken care of. Everything is arranged."

"Then how can I help?"

"Have a seat."

Both women sat down by the conference table, right next to the contracts and non-disclosure agreements. They faced each other. Charlotte reached out and held both of Becky's hands.

Charlotte continued, "I'd like to have you as my intern during your winter break. I'll write a glowing recommendation letter for you afterwards. Who knows? Maybe if you do a good job, you just might land a position with this company when you graduate."

"Really?" Becky asked with wide-eyes. "I'd love an opportunity like that."

"Before you accept, allow me to get to the point, okay?"

"Okay."

"I'll need your assistance at this party."

"Doing what?" Becky asked.

Charlotte smiled and let go of Becky's hands. "What do all men want? Especially powerful men. Use your imagination Becky."

There was innuendo in the boss's voice and Becky had an idea what she meant. It made Becky blush a little. Becky wondered if she misunderstood or if it was a joke. As they looked each other in the eyes, Becky knew that the boss was absolutely serious.

"I don't know if I can."

"Sure you can," Charlotte replied. "You've done it before, haven't you?"

"What do you mean?"

Charlotte leaned forward. "Your little gloryhole adventure at your old college. Did you forget already?"

The college student felt humiliated that it was brought up again.

"That was a long time ago."

"Two years isn't very long."

"It was a mistake," Becky pleaded. "I just wanted to fit in. I just wanted to be popular."

"So do I. There's nothing wrong with being ambitious. And there's certainly nothing wrong with using your best attributes to get ahead in life."

"God this is embarrassing."

"Don't be embarrassed. The overwhelming majority of women in America have sucked cock at some point in their lives."

"Oh god," Becky moaned in embarrassment.

She wanted to put her head down and cry. But she remained brave in front of the powerful corporate leader.

"Tell me, how many cocks did you suck that night?"

"Three," Becky shamefully admitted.

"Did all three of them finish?"

Becky nodded. "They did."

"I'm assuming you swallowed."

Becky nodded, but didn't say anything.

"Three orgasms in a night. Such talent. That's exactly what I'm looking for. Talent, determination, and beauty."

"Is there anything else I can do instead? I mean, besides that?"

Charlotte laughed, "You mean, you want to help me run a billion dollar company? Please, don't flatter yourself sweetheart. I have experts. The very best. I certainly don't need a college student assisting me with those kinds of decisions."

"There has to be another way."

"This is the internship, sweetheart," Charlotte said in a much kinder tone. "This city is filled with qualified women who could take your place in a heartbeat. But I'm offering this chance to you because I think you have potential. It's a feeling I have."

Becky paused, "I'll have to think about it."

"Unfortunately, I need an answer now. There are other potential interns who are waiting for my final decision."

Time was of the essence and Becky completely froze. She was absolutely speechless and confused. 

"I...I..."

Charlotte tapped her fingers on the signed documents. "If you want to leave, then go. But don't forget that your signature is on these papers."

There was a silence in the room. Neither of them spoke for a moment as Becky sat frozen in her chair with a blank expression.

"I'll do it," Becky finally said.

Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure? If you want to leave, no hard feelings. But I need a firm answer. This New Year's party is very important for the future of this company."

"I'm sure. I want to be successful. That's my goal."

There was a sudden confidence in Becky's voice, and the boss instantly detected it.

"I see something in you," Charlotte noted. "Tell me, that gloryhole night in college, did it arouse you? Did you masturbate when you went back to your dorm?"

Becky slowly nodded. "Yes."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, I was kind of aroused," Becky admitted, slightly embarrassed.

"Why?"

She shrugged, "I don't know. I guess it was just...it was just so different. I had never done anything like that before."

"Were you sexually experienced before that?"

"Not really. I had only been in two serious relationships prior."

"So you've never had casual encounters before that night?"

Becky shook her head. "That was the first and only time."

"Exciting, isn't it?"

"Kind of. It was weird. I mean, that's not how I was raised."

"I know exactly how you feel," Charlotte replied candidly.

"You do?"

"Believe it or not, I was just like you. I was a young naive woman from the suburbs. And I had big dreams."

"How did you achieve it, if I may ask?"

Charlotte gave a sly smile. "With a life changing internship. I was in your position many many years ago."

"What did you have to do?"

"Same thing you did at the fraternity party."

The college student nearly gasped thinking about a young Charlotte performing gloryhole duties.

Becky gulped. "Really?"

"At first, I hated myself for agreeing to it. But after a while, I became addicted. Some women are born to be sluts."

Becky blushed, "Oh."

"That's enough for now. Your training begins tomorrow at 8 am. I'll send you an email and we'll go over the gameplan. Okay?"

The word 'training' gave Becky pause.

She managed to reply, "Okay."

"Now go."

Becky paused again for a moment. "So I officially have the internship?"

"As of now. But that can change, so try your best."

Charlotte stood and they both shook hands.

Part 2 of 4: The Director

The dorm room was silent after Becky's roommate had left for winter break. It was unusual for the dorms to be so empty. But at the same time, it gave her the peace she needed for the internship.

Oh god. The internship. Charlotte's idea of a party was insane. The idea of it was scary, frightening, and intimidating. It made Becky squirm at the thought.

On the other hand, it was also exciting. The internship could be her key to success. All she had to do was whatever Charlotte wanted.

Becky stood in front of a full body mirror before bed. She reminisced about the time she performed at a gloryhole. If she was honest with herself, she knew that a part of her had enjoyed the gloryhole experience. 

A part of her was actually excited to try it again. After all, no one in her personal life would know about it. No one would suspect a thing. It was her little secret to success.

The only thing Becky needed was the confidence.

As she looked at her reflection, she repeated the mantra in her mind:

You are beautiful. You can do this. You can do anything. You are beautiful. You can do this. You can do anything.

And Becky was right about herself. The mantra was correct. She was a beautiful young woman who could achieve anything she wanted.

***

There was a private lounge area in the Cobolt Lansing building. A private place where only corporate leaders could enter.

On that morning, Charlotte took Becky there.

The room was elegant like a 5 star hotel. Fancy furniture, beautiful paintings, and anything a person would need to relax.

No one else was there except for the two women. Becky's eyes marveled at the luxury of the room. She prayed that she could work for Cobolt some day and enjoy the same perks.

"This is beyond gorgeous," Becky said.

"You like it? Then work hard. Play by the rules. Be smart. And most importantly, do as I say. Then you can come here more often."

"I plan on it."

"Shall we continue with small talk? Or shall we get to the point?"

Becky took a deep breath. "Let's begin."

"Good. Now take off your clothes."

Becky froze. "Excuse me?"

"Am I unclear? I said to remove your clothes."

Becky instinctively crossed her arms. "Why?"

"Why do you think? The party is coming up and I need you to be fully prepared."

It was the moment Becky expected. She knew this was coming. She had advanced notice. And she complied.

Becky uncrossed her arms. She thought for a moment on how to start. All while Charlotte stared at her with a cold bitchy expression.

Finally, Becky decided on her shoes first. She removed them, then her socks, standing barefoot in the room. She had nice feet and wasn't afraid to display them.

The pants came next. Becky stood in her panties, leaving her legs completely bare. Her legs were fairly toned from all the exercise she did. 

"You have nice legs," Charlotte noted.

"Thank you."

Then came Becky's top and she stood in her bra. Her arms were kind of thin, but there was a nice tone to it. Her breasts were small, but she was happy with what she had. Then there was a moment of hesitation. 

"Anything wrong?"

Becky shook her head. "Nothing."

The young college student reached back to unclasp her bra. She let her bra fall to the floor, revealing her perky little tits. Then she kept her arms down. Her breasts had an upturned shape. Her nipples were small and light pink. They instantly hardened from the exposure.

Charlotte's eyebrow raised. "Very nice. And the rest?"

The task was finished when Becky bent down to remove her panties. She pulled them down to her ankles and kicked them away. Her pubic hairs looked fairly long and untrimmed.

And there she was, naked Becky. The good girl was fully exposed. 

"No time to shave?" Charlotte asked, referring to the small bush.

"Sorry."

"Don't be sorry. Get rid of it."

"I will."

Charlotte looked over Becky like a client inspecting a finished product. The boss slowly walked around the young college student in circles. Everything was being inspected. Charlotte gave little nods here and there as she examined Becky's naked body up close.

"I think I've made the right decision picking you as my intern," Charlotte said, as they were nearly face to face. "You're a sexy little thing. Don't be ashamed of being naked. Be proud of what you have."

Becky nodded. "Okay."

"Your beauty is your power. Remember that. Always."

"Will I have to be naked at the party?"

"At some point," Charlotte replied. "Tell me, what do you normally do on New Year's Eve?"

"Usually it's with my family. We're very close. We do everything together. On New Year's Eve, we usually sit around the tv and watch the ball drop. It's a lot of fun."

"Very wholesome. I like that."

"Thank you."

"Have you ever been to an adult party? You know, grown ups, adult beverages, mature conversations, adult activities."

There was a condescending tone in Charlotte's voice. But they both knew what the question was about.

"Not that kind of party," Becky replied.

"So the most adventurous thing you've done in your life is suck cock at a gloryhole."

Becky blushed. "Yes."

"Don't be embarrassed. It's perfectly fine. Remember, I've done the same thing, and I enjoy it."

"You don't feel, you know, embarrassed to admit that?"

Charlotte smiled, "We're both women. And we both know what we want in life. So why be ashamed. Let me ask you this, do you consider yourself to be a feminist?"

"I do."

"Then don't we have the power to do whatever we want with our bodies, or our mouths, without being judged?"

"Yes, but..."

"It's that simple, Becky. I'm a woman who loves sex. And I'm not ashamed of that fact."

"You're a brave woman," Becky said.

Charlotte laughed, "You will be too. I see something in you. Your inner slut is just begging to be unleashed."

The naked college student gave a soft sigh.
