 The flirting with Jeff started the first day Katie joined the company. 

Katie was wearing a fashionable suit for her first day and realized as HR showed her around the office that she was quite overdressed. She felt a little self-conscious when she was introduced to Jeff, who was to be her cubicle mate. Jeff, who had joined the company just a few months earlier, was wearing gray chords and a simple blue shirt, untucked. She thought he looked cute with his floppy hair and puppy dog eyes, even if he was a little skinny for her tastes. 

"Wow, Christmas came early!" Jeff said flashing a naughty smile that would soon become so familiar. Katie blushed a little and shook his hand Jeff held it just a little too long as he took her in. She felt a tingle from his touch.

Katie would normally be considered 'cute' rather than sexy. Born in Ireland, she moved to the USA with her family at only nine. She had kept a hint of an accent to this day as a fresh faced 22 year old college grad. Katie had an approachable look with creamy white smooth skin, a hint of freckles on her cheeks, blue eyes, long reddish brunette hair, and a big smile she offered up readily. Katie had kept 5 extra pounds on her from the freshman 15 she had gained but she had the firm tits of a college girl and a generous ass that boys appreciated.

Jeff and Katie quickly became work friends, chatting much of the day as they got their work done. They spent a long time together in their cubicle. As junior staff they worked long hours but were excluded from many of the meetings that took place. Jeff helped Katie learn the ropes, and she depended on him a lot in those early days. 

Jeff flirted constantly with Katie, and even though she had a boyfriend, she quite enjoyed it. The flirting helped pass the day away and seeing how much Jeff wanted her made her feel sexy. Katie was a little insecure, and had always liked attention. Knowing Jeff appreciated it, she even found she started to dress sexier. At school she had pretty much word a uniform of sweat pants and a t-shirt, but now she often wore skirts that were a little shorter than the business norm, and the tight fitting button up shirts that Jeff always complimented her on. 

Katie also flirted back. At first when Jeff would tell her he liked the way that her blouse clung to her body, she would just blush and smile, but after a while she started to tease him right back, often asking, "Yeah Jeff, you like what you see?". 

In her third week at the office, Katie decided it didn't make sense to wear high heels during her commute. Instead she kept a couple of pairs of high heels under her desk and wore sneakers on her way to and from the office. One evening when she was about to leave, she was bending over to get her shoes and felt someone's eyes on her. She turned around to see Jeff, just behind her staring shamelessly at her ass. 

"I like it when you get your shoes. he smirked.

After that evening Katie would often make a jokey announcement when she was getting shoes from under her desk so Jeff could enjoy. Jeff would invariably thank her, pull his chair closer and sigh as Katie gave her ass an extra wiggle for him. Before she stood up Katie would often look over her shoulder at Jeff staring and taunt him, "Jeff, so you like what you see?"

The flirting would sometimes get more intense, but when it did Katie would often remind Jeff she had a boyfriend. At the weekly happy hour for their group Jeff and Katie would socialize, but often end up talking to each other, the drinks loosening them both up. One night Katie was drinking a Caipirinha through a straw and Jeff blurted out that he wished he could feel what it's like to be the straw. Katie giggled and said he would be awfully unimpressive if he was as thin as the straw but when he came closer to her as if to show her he was quite impressive indeed she giggled and said she had better go call her boyfriend. 

Katie's boyfriend was named Bob and Katie had met him in her freshman year at college. Bob was a year older, and a bit of a nerd, but Katie loved him, or at least really liked him. They waited to have sex for the first two months of dating. By the time they finally fucked, Katie was horny and excited. The first time ended up being tender but ant-climatic. In general their sex life was nothing exciting but they had a close connection, and had spent many hours together. Katie shared almost everything with, he was a good friend. Bob fucked Katie with some frequency when they saw each other, but more and more they would just fall asleep in each other's arms, watching a movie. Whereas Katie's first boyfriend had been more dominant with her, Bob was sweet and caring. She trusted him completely, even when he was away. Bob was away most of the time now. He was taking his Master's in a college out of state, a few hours drive away. Katie saw him many weekends, texted with him constantly and they skyped several times a week. 

Other than her first boyfriend and Bob, Katie had only fucked one other guy. It was a fling in college when she cheated on Bob with his roommate Ed. Katie still fantasized about that sometimes. She had always flirted with Ed but never wanted him like that. One night after partying, however, Ed helped her take Bob back to their dorm room. After they put Bob to bed he lay their comatose and they had another drink. Ed admitted he envied Bob, was jealous of him having such a pretty girlfriend. Katie said Ed could have any girl, and Ed said he just wished he could kiss her once. Katie finally agreed, and complied when Ed told her to sit on her lap. The kiss was intense, leading to a make out session, and Katie did not resist when Ed slowly let his hand slide up her skirt. Eventually her skirt was hiked up over her ass and she could feel Ed's cock pushing against her. She saw that Bob was very much asleep and decided she had to see what Bob's evidently larger cock looked like. In her drunken state she really thought she would just have a look but of course when she pulled it out Ed begged her to stroke it and finally lowered her head so she would suck it. Katie hadn't sucked a cock since her first boyfriend, but she tried hard to impress Ed. Finally when she could feel his balls tightening and knew he was about to cum, he pulled out of her mouth, bent her over the desk, and pushed his cock into her wet pussy. Katie muffled her moans as she was fucked hard just a few feet from her boyfriend of several years. This was a few weeks before Bob and Ed graduated so Katie just avoided Ed after that. 

Aside from giving Ed a goodbye handjob in the bathroom at a graduation ceremony (with Bob and his parents in the next room), Katie had not strayed before or after, but she had fantasized about her indiscretion. Her flirting with Jeff had also led to her fantasizing about him, but she was careful not to let it lead to cheating, and used her boyfriend almost as a shield when she felt tempted. 

There were times, however, when things went a little further than she intended. As she got more comfortable with Jeff, she started to talk to him more loosely, to tease him even more overtly. One late Monday evening when Jeff was down after having been rebuked for not having a report complete on time, Katie asked him what she could do to cheer him up. Jeff cheekily answered that he would love a hand job but would settle for a kiss. Katie giggled, but she considered the implications of kissing Jeff. She rationalized that it would just be a kiss, but she knew there was a real attraction and remembered what had happened with Ed. She coyly suggested an alternative.

"Well...I can't help you there Jeff...but, I do need to get my shoes and they are really deep under my desk."

Jeff smiled and positioned himself for a view of her bending over. 

"You can get a little closer." Katie said tauntingly.

Jeff's eyes widened, but he moved his chair forward so his face was now less than a foot from Katie's ass. Katie took a deep breath then reached back and slowly pulled up her skirt, revealing her creamy white ass cheeks inch by inch. She paused half way up, this was all she planned on showing, but then decided she may as well give him a full show and fully exposed her generous, thong covered ass to Jeff. Jeff uncharacteristically was quiet, as if he didn't want to do anything that would stop this unexpected boost to his day. Katie took a breath, feeling a little dizzy from how naughty she was being, then bent over under her desk, brushing an ass cheek against Jeff's face. She gave a little wiggle, her ass brushing his face again, and asked him in a very tempting voice, 

"Jeff, do you like what you see?" 

Jeff nodded dumbly and Katie let him stare a moment longer then slowly stood up and let her dress fall back down over her ass.

"Feel better?" she said, turning and looking down at him. Katie then grabbed her purse, walked out of the office on her way home, leaving Jeff alone with his erection. 

Katie replayed the scene that night, even masturbating herself to it. She loved the excitement, the power, of showing herself like that to Jeff. By the next morning, however, she felt guilty and hoped Jeff would not say anything. Jeff, true to form had other ideas. When Katie arrived he was already there. Katie pushed her shoes out with her feet, not bending over as she usually did, and replaced her sneakers while Jeff watched. 

"Thanks again for the special show last night Katie." Katie blushed and suggested that they talk about something else. Soon they were comfortably talking about other things and Katie felt better about having pushed the boundaries. She got back to a pattern of bending over to get her shoes, knowing that Jeff must be fantasizing about seeing her bare ass. Jeff did not bring up the special show again until they had had a few drinks at happy hour that Friday and everyone else had gone home. 

"So...I know you didn't want to talk about it...but that was really a special show you gave me Monday." Jeff smiled sweetly at Katie who couldn't help smile back.

"I'm glad you enjoyed." Katie's voice went quieter, "I really was naughty wasn't I?"

Jeff assured her that it was all in good fun but Katie blurted out, "I don't think Bob would agree!"

Jeff asked what Bob would do if he knew and Katie answered honestly, "I really don't know..."

She thought then added, giggling, "I know what my previous boyfriend would have done!"

Jeff asked her what, but Katie giggled more and refused to answer. Jeff guessed that he would have spanked her, and she laughed more, "Maybe...but not just that."

Jeff begged her to say and finally she whispered, "he used to...tweak my nipples when I was naughty."

Jeff got hard just listening to Katie talk about spankings and her nipples being tweaked, but tried to play it cool. "What naughty things did you do?"

Katie reminded him she was very young then, but he persisted and she slowly told him stories of her kissing another boy at a party, and sassing him in front of his friends. "After a while," she said, "I would step out of line a little, and I would know he was going to do it just by his look. Sometimes, when we were with friend, he would do it right away, in front of everyone."

Jeff could see Katie was getting turned on remembering this, and wanted to take advantage. He bent forward and moved his hand slowly up to her tit, "Did he tweak it...like this?" He put his fingers around her nipple, covered by her white t short and thin bra and turned it like a volume knob. Katie did not protest but giggled breathlessly.

"A...little rougher." she said.

Jeff tried again, pulling a little, then moved to her other tit, pushing her bra a little to the side. Katie yelped. 

"Yes," she said, pulling herself away and looking to see who might have seen, "more like that!"

Katie left soon after that, protesting that she had to skype Bob, but two new dynamics were established. The first was that Jeff would often tweak Katie's nipples, sometimes after she had insulted him, sometimes after an inappropriate comment, sometimes even affectionately after she got her shoes and said goodnight. The second was in his response before she left.

"Ask him if he'd be up for a threesome!"

From that night on, whenever Katie would mention her boyfriend as an excuse for leaving, or for not going further with Jeff, he would repeat the same refrain, suggesting Bob might be up for Jeff joining them. 

As the weeks passed, Katie and Jeff became closer. still As she saw Jeff so much more than Bob she shared more with him. Her calls with Bob became shorter as she was often tired by the time she got home. Jeff and Katie worked closely together and made a a good team, supporting each other on the projects they were given. They were both grateful that they had each others' backs, but there was always a strong sexual tension between them. Jeff kept it light, but he made no secret of the fact he lusted after Katie. Katie was left with the role of pushing him away, but she couldn't hide that she enjoyed the attention. 

They started to work even longer hours when their boss quit, and they started to report to his boss. Frank Taylor was just over 40, but his longish hair was already graying. He was tall, handsome and in excellent shape, participating in several triathlons every year. Frank was from Charleston, and in fact his family still lived. Frank commuted back and forth on weekends, and stayed in a nice condo by the office during the week. Frank had a Southern accent that was smooth like an voice over actor's. He got away with calling women 'sweetie' or 'honey' because it sounded so charming when he did so. 

Katie and Jeff were intimidated by Frank, as were many of the new hires were, especially the women. Frank was in meetings most of every day, but made a point of coming by Jeff and Katie's cubicle almost every evening, and checking up on them. He was affable, but direct, leaving no question he expected the work to get done regardless of the loss of manpower. As they got to know Frank better, Jeff and Katie got more comfortable and even joked around with him. They were working long hours and sometimes felt a little punchy by the time he came by. Jeff would sometimes slip and make a suggestive remark about Katie, but Frank would just laugh and not let it get awkward. 

One Tuesday evening they were working even later than usual. Frank had not come by and they assumed he had headed home. Jeff had been telling Katie all day about how much he liked her short red skirt and building up how excited he was to get to see her get her shoes. He gave her a shoulder rub when she complained she was sore and while he did so he remarked what a good view he had. Katie realized Jeff was looking down her blouse. She had unbuttoned an extra button earlier to tease him. Katie put her hands over her tits, half in jest and said, "I don't think my boyfriend would like you looking at my tits!"

Jeff smirked and gave his usual response, "You should ask him. Maybe he'd be up for a threesome."

Just then the two of them turned around sensing someone was there and saw Frank at the cubicle entrance.

"A threesome?" he aid in his authoritative voice, "My, I should really stay later more often!"

Jeff and Katie were both embarrassed but Frank just chuckled. Jeff moved his hands off of Katie and said, "Oh...I just say that when we...we're just teasing."

Frank nodded slowly towards the tent in Jeff's pants and said, "It certainly looks like you have been teased."

Jeff shrank and sat down and Katie, mortified, couldn't help but laugh at his predicament. 

"I'm sure young Katie is a very able tease, is that right honey?" Frank spoke slowly.

Katie laughed and nodded. Frank smiled back at her than said, "Well, I'd love to see what happens next...but I have a call with China." He winked at Katie, slapped Jeff on the shoulder and left them there. 

Jeff apologized profusely, but Katie was not really angry. "He seemed pretty cool." she said of Frank. 

Jeff's expression change, "Awww...someone's got a crush on the boss!" Jeff reached over and gave Katie's nipple a tweak. 

Katie pushed Jeff's chest playfully and reddened. "Of course not!" She gathered up her shoes, refusing to give Jeff a good show, then stuck out her tongue and said goodnight.

"Sweet dreams," Jeff taunted, "...of Frank!."

Katie had thought Frank attractive before that evening, but had only thought of him sexually in a more abstract way. Now, perhaps with the power of Jeff's suggestion, she imagined what Frank would be like. Neither of the men she had been with had a lot of experience. 

The next morning, Katie spent even more time thinking of what to wear to work and trying to look pretty. She knew the outfits that would turn Jeff's head and wore them often, but now she was also thinking about Frank. Katie had woken up to several heated text messages from Bob. She had fallen asleep and forgotten to call him back last night. She felt a little guilty but also annoyed. She thought of sending an indignant message back explaining that she was busy and tired, but she remembered she had fallen asleep thinking about Frank and decided to just tell him she will call later. 

That night, Frank came by late as usual, but there was just light flirting. He seemed to enjoy having a bit of fun with Katie and Jeff after a long day of making important decisions for the company. He asked Jeff if he had already finished giving his massage for the evening, and winked at Katie before getting down to work. Before he left he asked them if they would be at Happy Hour. They said they would be and he smiled.

"I think I'll see you there," he said, staring overtly at Katie's legs.

Later, Katie had a long Skype call with Bob, but she was not as focussed as usual. Bob seemed different, like he was still mad even though he said it was fine. She found him immature sometimes but usually didn't let it irritate her. They ended up fighting when she told him she wouldn't head up to see him until Saturday because she had 'a work event'. 

On Thursday evening Frank came by and almost immediately told Katie she looked "very nice in that skirt." Katie knew there was nothing special about the skirt other than the fact it was rather short but she had in fact worn it with Frank in mind, knowing that he liked her legs. She knew he would have had a nice view of it rising up as he stood above her. The crossed her legs flirtatiously and Frank said how lucky Jeff was to get the plum office space. 

Katie normally wore jeans on Fridays, but thought would be fun to wear something sexier. She chose a flouncy, flowered sundress that showed a lot of bare leg. She fussed with which bra to wear with it, and finally, after confirming in the mirror that nobody could tell, decided not to wear one at all. She felt a little self-conscious walking to work and realizing that people might notice her tits bouncing but when she arrived at work, Jeff quickly affirmed the outfit had the desired effect. He whistled when she walked in and Katie of course responded by swaying her hips and asking "Do you like what you see Jeff?"

Katie was pleased when she passed Frank in the hall . He smiled and said, 

"Pretty dress Katie. See you at Happy Hour?"

For some reason Katie's heart beat faster as she answered affirmatively. She felt special that he had thought of her being there. She wondered what his wife was like in Charleston, probably a beautiful Southern belle. She wondered what he looked liked with his shirt off. Katie shook her head as she went back to her desk and tried to stay focused with moderate success. When 5pm finally came around, she gave Jeff a treat with an extra wiggle of her ass while she got her shoes and the two of them headed out for Happy Hour. 

She noted Frank was not there when they arrived. By the time he had arrived almost an hour later, Katie and Jeff had already had two beers and a shot. Frank made the rounds, chatting with several groups. Katie saw him talking to two girls from PR. The girls were laughing at every joke he made and one of them kept touching his arm. Frank saw Katie looking at him and gave her a quick wink, causing her face to redden. Somehow he made her feel like a schoolgirl again. She ordered another drink with Jeff. 
