 A note to my readers:

This is actually Part 2 of "How far will you go?" I apologize in advance for the change of name and the change of category. I tried, at the first of this part, to fill in people who haven't read the first one, but of course, nothing will replace you doing so. I do encourage you to read that one before reading this one.

Gina

* * *

I stood in the street and watched as my two best friends and my sometimes lovers drove off in their mustang convertible, tin cans bouncing and clanging behind them. My job as a Dallas police officer demanded that one learn to control their emotions, but I couldn't help myself. I joined the other ladies at the small wedding in crying happy tears for the young couple.

That night, lying alone in my bed, I thought back to how I'd met Jan and Susan. I'd been on duty, riding my Segway around the small lake near downtown Dallas that was very popular with the locals, especially on warm weekends.

Jan had flagged me down and questioned me about a rumor she'd heard—that the police department didn't enforce the laws against nudity in public. After I confirmed the rumor, and after cautioning her to use good judgment when there are kids around, we said our goodbyes and I went on my way.

I didn't know her name, but there was just something about that girl. She had been noticeably checking me out all during our conversation—checking me out in a way I was all too familiar with.

As a thirty-one year old African-American woman with a sleek body and, so I've been told, a beautiful face with bright eyes and a great smile, I was accustomed to getting hit on, even when I was on duty. I knew it didn't hurt that my 38 D cups strained against the top of my uniform shirt, screaming for attention.

In and around downtown Dallas, there is a large gay and lesbian population, so my getting hit on by other females wasn't as unusual as one might think. Of course, the second I told them I'm bisexual, the lesbians would turn tail and run like their hair was on fire. Most lesbians, at least the ones I've met, and especially those on the police force, hate bisexual women. I've been called "Pretender" and "Wannabe" on many, many occasions.

I had no idea if this early twenty something white girl was a lesbian. She was wearing a bikini and sharing a spot on the grass with another girl who appeared to be about her same age. Both were outrageously sexy, so when I saw them getting ready to leave, I couldn't help myself. I wrote my first name and cell number on the back of one of my cards to give them. While presenting my card to them, I made sure to let them know that I'm bisexual. Neither of them ran away. In fact, they invited me to join them for a drink later that evening.

I joined Jan and Susan at a bar in the Dallas West End. I found them to both be tremendous fun. Susan was extremely sexually bold, even flashing me her tits right there in the bar, and later kissing me passionately at our table.

Even though they'd both been one hundred percent straight until a few weeks earlier, they were light years ahead of me when it came to being open and honest about their sexuality. They were totally in love with each other, but they also both enjoyed teasing and making out with their small group of new bisexual friends. They simply weren't jealous of each other in the least.

The following weekend, Jan and Susan accepted my invitation to come to my home and enjoy my pool, hot tub, and private back yard. I'd won the place in a divorce settlement, and I loved having friends over.

That was one extremely hot, sexually charged weekend. I'd never had that much sexual fun in my life, or cum so often in such a short time.

Over the next many weeks, they'd been to my home many times. I'd even given them a key to my house, so they'd be able to come over and use the place when I had to work. I trusted them both totally.

I visited their apartment several times as well. During my first visit there, I met their two friends, Sandy and Bren. Sandy was in her early forties, the perfect mixture of classy and sexy, with breasts almost as large as mine, and about the same size as Susan's. She had a very toned, fit, sexy body. She was married, no kids, and her husband didn't know about her bisexual side. She'd had a lot of experience with that in college.

Bren was in her early thirties, also married, two kids, and her husband also didn't know that the other three had recently introduced her to bisexuality. She was blonde, also trim, fit, and very sexy. Her tits were smaller, similar to Jan's. She worked in a tanning salon, so she sported a beautiful tan.

All four of them loved being naked. They always met at Jan and Susan's apartment, and they were naked within seconds of the door closing behind them. The four of them teased each other almost constantly, and they weren't shy about kissing and groping each other.

I learned quickly during my first visit there, that there were no rules. I got kissed and felt up a lot, and if I had an urge to do the same to any of them, I was just supposed to go for it, regardless of what any of us were doing or talking about at the time. So I did hehe.

My second visit was a little different. I was told to show up around seven p.m. and "Bring a robe." They wouldn't explain, only promising me that it would be a lot of fun.

When I arrived, nothing was different. All four of the ladies were naked. Jan and Susan were in the kitchen fixing snacks while Sandy and Bren were making out on the sofa.

When I was naked, all four of them stopped what they were doing long enough to greet me with friendly smiles, full body hugs and passionate kisses. Whew! What a way to start the evening.

"Here you go, Pepper." Jan said with a wide grin as she handed me a Scotch on the rocks.

During my first visit to their apartment with the four of them in attendance, I'd jokingly made the comment that I felt like a speck of pepper in a salt shaker. Jan picked up on it and made "Pepper" her permanent nickname for me. I didn't take offense. I've been called a lot worse.

I noticed that everyone kept checking the time, and that just made me even more curious about what they had planned. When it was almost eight p.m., they all put on their robes and told me to do the same. Then, they pulled three dining room chairs out onto their spacious balcony.

Once we were all outside, we sat sipping our drinks while they filled me in on the guy they called "Cock Man". I assumed they were exaggerating about the size of his cock and some of the things he could do with it, but I was interested enough to want to see it. I hadn't had a really big cock since college, but I'd never forgotten it.

When the lights came on in the apartment across the alley and down one floor, Jan handed me her binoculars and said with a giggle, "Here, you can see for yourself."

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed when I had the binoculars focused in. "He's fucking huge!"

The other girls all laughed, and Susan told me, "You ain't seen nothing yet. He's going to give us one of his special shows tonight."

"Oh?" I inquired, but they wouldn't spill the beans.

After what seemed like an hour of watching him walk around inside his apartment and a few minutes on his balcony, he headed to his bedroom. "Show time." Sandy announced, and they all giggled with anticipation.

I watched intently as Cock Man crawled onto his bed and almost immediately began working his huge cock to full erection. I couldn't believe my eyes. It grew even bigger than I had imagined upon seeing it flaccid.

"No he is not fucking doing that!" I half screamed when I saw him lower his mouth over his incredible cock. Inch after inch disappeared from site. "No fucking way!"

I was leaning forward with my elbows on the top of the wooden wall, and all of a sudden, I felt hands on both of my tits. And then I heard Jan's voice purr in my ear, "Just watch and enjoy."

"Is she playing with your tits again?" Sandy asked me with a giggle, but without taking her eyes away from her binoculars.

"Ummmm, yes she is." I responded.

"Just don't get distracted." Susan warned me. "When he starts cumming, he'll let us see the first couple of spurts so we'll know he is, and then he'll swallow the rest."

And then Bren added, "And he cums ten times more than any man I've ever seen, so we know he's drinking tons of it."

Jan again purred in my ear after giving my earlobe a wet lick, "Next time, we'll have to find a way for me to eat your pussy while you watch him."

"Hey, I wouldn't mind some of that action myself," Bren said in a hopeful tone.

Sure enough, it wasn't too long before Cock Man took his cock out of his mouth and pumped two large strings of cum high into the air. And then he lowered his mouth back over it and kept pumping and swallowing for at least another two minutes.

"Holy fuck! No he didn't!" I exclaimed.

"Oh yes he did." Sandy responded in an appreciative tone.

Back inside, after the show was over, I was sitting on the sofa and still in a daze. My pussy was leaking and it was on fire. Jan got on her knees and began eating my pussy right in front of the others. Always before, we'd only kissed and felt each other up in front of everyone, but this was different. I didn't know what to do, so I just leaned back and enjoyed it.

"Wow, Jan! You go girl." Bren exclaimed.

After I came, Jan stood up and looked down at me, obviously very proud of herself. But then I got another shock when Sandy said, "Next! And then she looked around the room and asked, "Any objections?"

When no one objected, she knelt between my legs and began eating my pussy. "Oh wow!" I said as I felt the first stirring of another orgasm building deep inside me.

I opened my eyes just in time to see Bren tap Sandy on the shoulder. Reluctantly, Sandy moved away and Bren took her place. I couldn't believe this was happening, but I wasn't complaining either.

Jan and Susan sat on either side of me and began massaging my tits. They took turns kissing me passionately. After a couple of minutes, Sandy took Susan's place on my right, and Susan crawled between my legs.

I'm not sure how long that went on, but I know each of them had taken at least three turns eating my pussy. And I knew I'd cum five or six times. When I simply couldn't take it anymore, I begged them to stop.

"Welcome to our group, Pepper," Jan giggled as she handed me a fresh Scotch on the rocks.

I didn't find out until later that the girls hadn't done that sort of thing in front of each other before. There had only been one time, after returning from the nudist camp when they were all drunk, that Bren and Sandy had gone to the spare bedroom and got it on. Susan and Jan had stood in their doorway and watch briefly, only because it was Bren's first time to go beyond their normal making out. She'd never eaten pussy, or been eaten by another woman. After that, they'd reserved that for private time.

The night they'd all eaten me seemed to break down that barrier, because after I made them stop, they all took turns on each other, right there in the living room. Not to be left out, I took several turns on each of them too. I found the whole thing to be hot as fuck.

* * *

"So, have any of you thought about going over there and fucking Cock Man?" I asked the four girls while we were having drinks and snacks under the umbrella in my back yard.

Their answers came fast and were unanimous, "Hell no!" and "No fucking way!" And "You've got to be kidding."

When I laughed, Bren said, "He'd split us open. No woman can take a cock like that, except maybe a porn star."

Finally, I confessed, "I fucked a guy a few times in college that had one. Okay, so not that big, but damn close. I would have married him if he wasn't a total idiot and fucking every girl on campus that didn't run away screaming when he dropped his pants."

"No shit?" Jan asked me. "How was it? Did it hurt really bad?"

"No," I answered with a giggle, "Like I said, if he hadn't been fucking so many other girls, I may have married him just because of his cock."

And then Susan squealed, "Oh my god! You're thinking about fucking him, aren't you—Cock Man I mean? You want to fuck him. Don't lie."

I cocked my head and showed them all a naughty grin, "Maybe."

"Hoooollllyyyy Shhhhhiiiitttt!" Bren exclaimed. "I want to watch."

"Me too." Sandy agreed.

Finally, Susan and Jan made it unanimous, and then Jan asked, "How are you going to pull that off?"

"I'm not sure yet, but I'll think of something."

Later, after all of us had had a couple more drinks, I did something I never thought I'd do. My pussy was already soaking wet, just as it stayed anytime I was around this group.

I got up and went inside, telling them that I'd be right back. When I returned, I had my largest dildo. It was twelve inches long and tapered. At the fat end, it was almost as big around as my wrist.

When I showed it to them, they all let out a collective gasp. "Girls, meet Sir Galahad. I can't take him all." I told them, "But damn close."

Jan spoke up, "You're just used to fucking those big dick black guys we've all heard about."

That made me laugh for real, so I told them, "Just so you know, the guy in college I was telling you about was white. While it may be true that many black guys have larger cocks than your average white guy, not all do. I've seen a lot of tiny black cocks. 

"Wow!" Susan said. "Talk about a myth buster." And we all laughed for a very long time.

When we all stopped laughing, Susan spoke up again, "You're kidding about how much of that thing you can take, aren't you?"

"No, I'm not kidding." I shot back at her.

"Prove it," Jan dared me.

After all four girls convinced me they really wanted to see how much of Sir Galahad I could take, I got up and went inside for my lube. My pussy was already wet enough to take most of my toys, but not Sir Galahad. I needed extra lube for him.

When I got back outside, I pulled one of the lounge chairs over close to the umbrella, turning the foot toward the table. I positioned it into a semi sitting position and then covered it with a towel.

Finally, I sat back and drew my knees up and apart. The four of them had eaten my pussy, so I didn't feel the need to be shy about spreading my pussy open. I positioned Sir Galahad's head at my opening and worked a couple of inches inside me.

When I was comfortable with his girth, I began applying the lube to the remainder of his length. When I was ready, I pushed him in until half of him was inside me.

Next, I began slowly and deliberately fucking my pussy with the monster dildo. And then, every few strokes, I pushed him a little more and a little more.

I had about eight inches of him inside me. That was about right for me to get myself off, so that's where I usually stopped, but I knew I could take more. I pushed harder, and another inch disappeared inside me, and then another. I could feel my pussy being stretched to its limit.

All the while, the girls were gasping their amazement, "Holy fuck!" and "Oh my fucking god!"

I fucked myself like that for another couple of minutes before doing something I'd never done before. I pushed even harder and finally took in another inch.

When I stopped and held him there inside me. There was only an inch of him showing.

In a raspy voice, I asked them, "Well, believe me now?"

"That doesn't hurt like hell?" Jan asked me in an amazed tone.

"It's not comfortable, but it doesn't really hurt." I told her, underplaying how much it really did hurt, both the length and the girth.

Jan shocked me by saying, "I want to try it."

"So, what are you waiting for?" I challenged her. "Come get it."

I watched as Jan took a deep breath and reached down to pull Sir Galahad from my pussy. "Go slow." I instructed her, "you can't just yank it out."

"That would cause a giant fucking pussy fart." Sandy giggled.

When Jan was in position, I told her, "Just use a lot of lube and go slow. Let your pussy adjust to it one inch at a time. The girth will get you before the length does."

We all laughed when Jan patted and stroked the big, fat dildo before saying, "Okay, Sir Galahad, wanna fuck?"

When she had about four or five inches inside her pussy, she pulled the dildo out some and smeared some more lube on it. And then she went back to slowly fucking herself with it.

Jan had been at it for almost ten minutes before she'd finally managed to work about seven inches of Sir Galahad inside her. "Okay," She panted, "It's starting to hurt really bad."

I told her and the others at the same time, "It's the girth. If it wasn't so fat, I'm sure she could take more."

Jan agreed, "The girth, yes. I feel like it's ripping me open."

Susan spoke up, "Hey, don't hurt my pussy. I'm going to want some of it later."

Everyone laughed, and then I asked them, "Anyone else want to give Sir Galahad a go?" There were no takers.

* * *

After a playful swim . . . a sexually playful swim, we got out of the pool and had lunch. Later, we just sat in the shade of the umbrella and chatted about a variety of topics. They all seemed very interested in hearing about some of the situations I'd had to deal with on my job, so I told them about a few of the more memorable ones.

Another hour passed until Sandy and Bren took their towels, dragged the lounge chair back to its place beside the other one, and lay out to work on their tans. They didn't need lotion, and truth be told, neither did I. So I helped Jan and Susan lotion up. Then the three of us spread our towels out on the grass and relaxed in the sun.

Sometime before dark, I sprayed Susan and Jan down with the water a hose to get the lotion off them before we all got into the hot tub. It was fun watching them jump and squeal under the cold spray.

Sandy and Bren thought they'd escape the cold water since they hadn't put on any lotion, but they were mistaken. "I don't want all that sweat fucking up the chemicals." After spraying them off, they delighted in spraying me down with the cold water.

We were relaxing in the hot tub and sipping our drinks. We weren't playing around at all, which was uncharacteristic for us when we were in such close proximity.

For some reason, I just felt the need to say something to all of them, so I did. "Girls, there is something I want to say." When I had their attention, I turned off the loud jets and told them, "I just want to say that I'm really, really flattered and honored that you've let me into your group. I can't imagine having a more wonderful group of friends. I just really love you all, and I wanted to say 'thank you'."

After a long moment of total silence, Jan spoke up, "You don't have to thank us, Pepper. We should be thanking you. After all, you've invited us over to your wonderful home, your pool, this hot tub . . . and besides, I was watching Fox News the other day. Their Medical A Team said that eating some dark chocolate now and then is good for your health."

At least two minutes of wild laughter followed her comment, and then when I could, I told Jan, "No! Fuck no! You didn't just say that." And then I started laughing again.

* * *

I wanted to show my guests a special treat and give them something I was sure they wouldn't experience anywhere else. I waited until I thought we'd all been in the hot tub long enough, and then invited them into the house.

I pulled my two inch foam pad from the closet in the guest room and then spread it out on the living room floor. Next, I went to my bag of toys and searched through them until I found my two strap on dildos. I chose the smaller of the two. It was seven inches long, not too thick—only about as wide as the first five inches of Sir Galahad, and it felt very realistic.

When I showed it to the group, the reaction was mixed. Sandy was excited, but the others didn't really know what it was.
