 I knew that my wife, Cindy, experimented while in college. Of course when I first heard about it, I thought she was talking about taking an occasional toke. When he found out that it was with girls, that got him interested.

However Amy was coming to town, and Cindy was a little too excited I thought. While it was an interesting idea to meet the woman who spent some time between my wife's legs, I wasn't sure that my wife still didn't have a thing for her.

Still, being a good husband, I suggested that we all meet up. I have to admit I was curious to what type of girl she liked to date, and he didn't want to appear too possessive.

When I saw Amy, he could see why his wife liked her so much. From across the parking lot she waved.

Ten years after college and she still looked young and fresh. I could imagine her long legs wrapped around my wife's head. Her pert breasts being sucked on. My loins started to stir and I had to quickly start thinking about baseball, or something else that wouldn't make my thoughts so well known.

The girls walked up to one another, they gave each other a warm hug. "Oh, you can do more than that. Todd knows about us."

And with that Amy put a full on kiss on Cindy. While it only lasted seconds, it felt like it lasted forever, and I was sure that I saw my wife's tongue slip into Amy's mouth. I'm pretty sure I'd be reliving that memory for a while.

I wasn't sure if he should be jealous or turned on. Another guy, and I would have been pissed, but with a girl, I kept imaging them naked and making out.

A deep voice shocked everyone back into the here and now.

"Oh hey," Amy started. "Everyone, this is Jack, my husband."

Jack and I looked similar. Both were six feet plus, in good shape with dark hair.

Cindy laughed and extended her hand to his. We all went inside the restaurant and ate. It was a good meal, with lots of wine and catching up. Lots of side way glances were made and Jack and I felt like we were missing out on some inside jokes, but that was OK.

"How about we head back for a night cap," my wife suggested as we headed out.

"It's getting a little," Jack started, but his wife interrupted him.

"Sounds great!" And like that, it was settled.

The girls rode together in one car, while Jack and I rode in our car. We made the best small talk possible. We didn't know what the other fully knew, or even if we knew the girls whole story.

We were behind the girls and we could see them laughing and having a good time, but we thought nothing of it. I really should have, since my nickname for Cindy was "Original Cin" because she liked to try all types of naughty things together, and I clearly hadn't been the first one she had tried it with, with a lot of them.

We got into the house and I went to pour everyone a fresh glass, even though no one was feeling any pain already.

My wife put on some music while Jack found a seat. Amy was over with my wife when I came out. Her arm was wrapped around her waist. Again I got both jealous and turned on. I was pretty sure no matter how late they left, or how tired I was, I was going to be fucking my wife tonight. Tomorrow was looking more and more like it just might have to be a sick day.

My wife took a drink, then Amy. As I was handing Jack his my wife finished hers in one gulp.

"Now I know you both know," she started, "that when we didn't have boyfriends, we would often 'date' each other." She put her fingers up in air quotes when she said "date". My wife was a bit tipsy. This was going to be fun to watch, as she often got even more horny when she was tipsy.

"What she means by date is that," Amy said.

"We fucked like rabbits!" my wife interrupted.

Jack and I just nervously laughed at this, not sure where it was going.

"But to be honest, we actually never stopped, even if one of us was dating a guy," Amy continued.

"Or a girl..."

Both the girls just laughed at this. Jack blushed. Neither he nor I was sure who they were referring to, or maybe both. It got us both going I'm sure.

"Yeah, bet you didn't know that it wasn't just my pussy she liked. Amy here played around some." My wife was having fun. "And I know you've wondered what that looked like. So..."

And with that, my wife leaned in and kissed Amy again. But this time it was for more than a few seconds. Their hands wandered over their bodies, groping and grasping familiar curves and sensual spots.

"I wasn't the only one who liked the play the field you know..." Amy paused as the kissing continued. "You just normally preferred dicks, and I was a little more, open in that way."

My wife started to unbutton Amy's shirt. She dove in to kiss and lick her breasts as Amy unhooked her bra. Cindy instantly went for her nipples as they appeared. Sucking on them. Pulling them with her fingers till they ached. She slid down her belly, leaving a trail of kisses along the way until she got to her skirt. There, she undid the hook on the side. She slide the skirt down, and revealed Amy's smooth pussy.

My wife stood while Amy kicked her skirt away. Standing in only her high heels she was on display for her husband and me. My wife stood behind her. She ran her hands up Amy's side and messaged both of her breasts before letting her hands fall to her hips. She move her hands over Amy's mound and pushed her lower lips apart. Then, in full view of us, she pushed two fingers in her pussy.

Amy moaned as my wife's fingers penetrated her. You could hear how wet she was. My wife teased and played with her pussy before she really went to work finger fucking her till she finally came. Barely able to stand she shook as her orgasm ripped through her body. My wife never stopped as she kept finger fucking her still Amy's orgasm subsided.

My wife moved out from behind her. She licked her fingers clean of Amy's cum, then slowly pushed her head down. Amy laid down on the floor.

My wife peeled her shirt off. Her bare tits became exposed too the cool air. But her nipples were already hard.

She undid her belt and threw it to the side. She gyrated her hips as she ran her hands up and down her sides playing with her own breasts. I'd seen her strip for me many times, and it never got old.

As she moved her hands down she unfastened her pants, and started to slide them down. I looked below her and could see Amy playing with her own pussy as she watched my wife from below.

My wife pulled off her pants, and lowered herself onto Amy's face. There Amy started to lick, suck, and probe my wife's pussy like she had done so many times before.

Cindy was facing us guys. While she clearly liked what was going on, this show was as much for us as anything.

"Oh yeah..." I heard my wife moan. "We loved doing this to each other. Especially after a date where we'd get fucked. We come back to our apartment and eat each other out."

I'm not sure how I didn't shoot my load right then and there. My dick was so stiff I was sure it was going to break.

My wife was soon not able to talk. She pinched her nipples as she started to cum. She leaned forward and used an arm to brace herself as her orgasm washed over her.

Her body spasmed as each nerve lit up bringing her joy till there was no more. She rolled over, sated, for now. Amy got up. Still naked, you could see her face was covered in Cindy's juices, but she made no move to clean them.

She went to her husband and kissed him. He moaned as he tasted my wife on his wife's lips. Amy ran her hand over his crotch and smiled.

She then came to me. On her knees, like with her husband, she kissed me. She smiled as she ran her hand over my pants. Then she started to undo them.

I quickly slid them down, and she pointed me toward my wife. Cindy was on her knees, face down, ass up. One of our favorite positions.

Her pussy providing a perfect target for my cock. I barely got my pants off before I had plunged into her.

I looked over and Jack has pulled his clothes off as well. Amy was on her hands and knees and ready for Craig to mount her like a bitch in heat.

It didn't take long before all four of us were cumming. Both of us guys dumping our loads into our wives. Our wives screaming as we filled them with our loads.

We sat back against the couch feeling relieved of the pressure that had been building in our pants.

Cindy sat up and looked at us. "Is this what you guys were hoping for tonight."

"Yes," Jack said.

"So much more..." I said.

They girls just laughed. "Oh, but there is so much more in store for you two," Amy said.

She rolled over, still on the ground before us. Cindy got on top of her, in the classic 69 position. They went to town on each other eating the other husband's cum from their pussies.

They continued for some time, even after our cum was no longer in their pussy. They kept enjoying themselves and causing themselves to cum multiple times.

By this time, Jack and I had shed the remainder of our clothes. Our cocks had once again risen to the excitement before us.

Cindy climbed off of Amy. Both of the girls faces were covered in each others cum. They licked their lips and stood side by side.

"There is something we always wanted to do," Amy started. They were now holding hands.

"But we were never seeming to date guys at the same time," my wife said, finishing her sentence.

Jack and I looked at each other. Both of us were as lost as the other. Amy got on her knees and crawled to her husband. "We'd like to fuck each other's guy."

"You mean you..."

"Yes."

"And she..."

"Yes."

Jack and I just smiled.

"But we want to do it in front of each other, together."

We both agreed. The girls helped us up and sat us on the sofa. We sat at each end, and our wives went to the other guy. Cindy was quick to grab onto Jack's cock, and lower herself down on it while facing away from him. His dick was long and thin. She moved up and down on his lap.

Amy replicated the process with me. My cock was thicker than she was used to, but she easily stretched to make it fit. Her ass was a little more plump, and I took no time in grabbing and and playing with it.

Jack had his hands full of my wife's tits.

The girls were both moaning, enjoying themselves and the new cock.

They looked over at one another and smiled. They leaned in and kissed. Making out with each other while they fucked us. We guys just took it in.

Since we had just shot our loads it took a little while for us to cum the second time. Jack was first, and asked my wife where he should cum.

"Shoot it all over my face," she told him. She got off of him, and got on her knees. She played with her pussy while he took a couple of strokes before sending his load over her face. She smiled the whole time and licked her lips.

Amy started to cum watching her husband shoot his load over her ex-girlfriend's face.

"Cum in me, cum in my pussy," she commanded me. How could I say no. And with her cumming I added my own cum to her pussy.

She leaned back against me. She kept grinding against me, as I sucked on her neck. My spent cock still in her pussy, not wanting to leave it's warm nest.

"Oh that was so good."

Jack and I couldn't agree more.

"So, there's something we haven't told you," Jack started to say.

"The reason for the visit is Jack had a job interview in town earlier today. And he got it."

Jack just smiled. "I wasn't sure about moving but if we got friends like this, I can't see why I'd turn it down."

"You mean you want to do this again?" Cindy asked.

"Actually, there's a few other things I want to try. You should remember the bucket list we created."

Cindy smiled. I had heard rumors, but who knew what was true.

"And I didn't get to as many items as you did," Amy teased her.

"So guys you want to do this again, and maybe help Amy knock a few items off her sexual bucket list?" Jack asked us.

Cindy and I agreed.

"Good," said Amy. "First thing I want to do is have a threesome with two guys. You two wouldn't mind would you."

I was still running my hands over her body. "I don't think I can tonight."

"How about tomorrow?"

Jack and I looked at each other and agreed. Amy and Jack grabbed their clothes and I showed them to one of the guest bedrooms.

I came back and helped my wife up off the floor. We left our clothes where they were and went back to our bedroom.

"So," I dared, "does that mean you've had a threesome before?"

Cindy was wiping cum from her face. "Yes. Several actually." She stopped and smiled. She came up to me and kissed me before climbing into bed. "Amy's going to really enjoy it I bet. I know I did."

"Anything else I should know about you, since you apparently have been holding out on some of your history."

"Well I didn't want you thinking I was too slutty..."

We kissed. My cock wanted to rise, but it just couldn't. Not after cumming twice so recently.

"But I am a bit sneaky as well." She held out a SD card.

"What's that?"

"I set up a video of us having our fun tonight. We can watch it later if you'd like."

I just smiled and kissed my wife again. Apparently there is a lot I still have to learn about her.