 Turning from gazing over the Melbourne city skyline Niall put his drink down on the sideboard.

'I need you to come over here and suck my cock'

Harriet looked up from her paper and smiled, as she rose from the desk she pushed her black-framed glasses back up to the bridge of her nose.

Walking across the hotel room Harriet started to un-tuck her tight knitted blouse from her beautifully cut trousers, Harriet had a knack of dressing in a way that was appropriate for the professional world in which she worked whilst still managing to look individual and very sexy in an understated way.

'No don't get undressed, we have reservations for dinner in a few minutes'

Her smile turned into a cheeky grin.

Harriet knelt down in front of Niall as he leaned against the sideboard, as she unzipped his fly she was pleased to find that Niall wasn't wearing any underwear to hinder her access. Niall was already half erect and his penis popped out eagerly as the zip was lowered.

The thought "this is my cock, Niall just maintains it for me" ran through Harriet's mind 

Taking the base of his cock in her right hand, Harriet gently worked her tongue between his foreskin and the head of his penis. Smoothly she rolled her tongue all the way around, simultaneously moving her hand up and down the length of his shaft. 

This tried and tested technique had the desired affect, soon Harriet felt Niall's cock come to a full erection in her mouth. At this point she withdrew her tongue, rolled the foreskin back and took approximately 2/3 of it into her mouth, felt the head of his penis push against the back of her throat, relaxed, then slid it all the way in until her lips were pressing against Niall's reddish public hair at the base of his cock.

Harriet really got off on the sensation of an erect cock filling up her mouth and sliding down her throat. There is something truly raunchy about it. Slowly she slid the cock out until only her lips were touching its head, then she quickly pushed back around it until she felt its base against her lips.

Within a minute or two, the warm wetness of her mouth and the rhythmic fluttering of Harriet's tongue along the length of Niall's penis were driving him to the edge of orgasm – they always did.

'HOW DARE YOU! Just what do you think this place is!? In all the time I have been coming to this establishment I have never seen such a thing. To think that this kind of outrageous and immoral behavior goes on unchecked in a room I paid for.... Well I never.....''

A late middle aged woman with a striking resemblance to Margaret Thatcher had just burst into the suite followed by a rather harried looking bellhop struggling with an inordinate number of bags for one guest.

Niall lowered his right hand down to the back of Harriet's head resting it gently on her dark hair to let her know that she wasn't to stop – Harriet needed no reminding, she quite liked an audience after all. 

With his left hand he signaled to the Thatcher look alike.... just one moment please

Harriet continued to slowly withdraw Niall's penis then quickly slide it all the way back in. Back and forth went her head, as she slid down to its base the head of his cock bulged inside her slender throat. Almost like she was taking along drink.

Niall's body tensed, Harriet new what was coming, with a surge that started in his toes, Niall came with a force that definitely shocked Ms Thatcher, she'd never seen anything like it.

Harriet kept her lips wrapped around 'her cock' until the very last drop of cum had been extracted and the bursting intensity of Niall's hard-on had subsided. At this point she turned to Ms Thatcher, licked her lips and wiped a drop of cum from the corner of her mouth.

'I'm afraid you'll need to wait awhile, Niall usually needs a few minutes to regain composure when I do that'

'The nerve! You sneak into my room and carry on in this manner, with NO SHAME, like you own the place, we'll see what the manager thinks of this, throw you out on the street no doubt, better yet I'll call the police, get you locked up, lasciviousness, drunkenness too, how dare you look me in the eye mister, after what I've just caught you at, does you wife know about this? How much are you paying this little tramp to act like that? Do you really think that you'll be able to get away with, I'll make sure you don't.....'

Only once the duty manager had offered Ms Thatcher an upgrade to a penthouse suite as well as the stay for the weekend gratis did the bellhop manage to maneuver her into an elevator.

'So tell me, how did you get into this room? Ms Trumpeter has it booked for the third weekend of every month.'

'Well, we checked in at about 6.30 after flying in from Sydney and your staff gave us a key.'

The way I look at it we have been put out as much if not more than.... What's her name? Trumpeter? Amazing how much she looks like old Maggie Thatcher.... Anyway can you imagine having her walk in on you when you're getting intimate with your lover?'

'Bloody hell Brian!.... Sorry I shouldn't have assumed that you were anything other than valued guests.

How does the same deal as the one I gave Ms Trumpeter sound?'

Niall couldn't help thinking that underneath all the corporate gloss, the manager was darned attractive. In that wavy blonde haired, perfect breasted kind of way. And he thought he caught a glimpse of smile when the scene was being recounted to her by the bellhop

'Well OK, but only if you guarantee that we won't come across that battleaxe again.'

'Do you think I'd be that silly, you'll be on different floors..... in a different building.'

'Can you have one of your staff move our luggage to the other room, we have dinner reservations? Make sure its not the one who double booked this room.'

Absolutely, I'll move your things myself.'

In the cab over to the restaurant Harriet and Niall could not stop giggling about the episode and thinking that this weekend was already shaping up to be a memorable one.

As she was putting Niall and Harriet's bags on the shelf in their new penthouse suite, Isobel noticed that one of the shopping bags was not closed properly. She could not resist having a peek at their stuff, they were such a striking couple and she was secretly impressed with how the reacted to the incident in the other room. 

Opening the bag revealed a set of sheer black panties and suspenders, a couple of bottles of massage oil and a pair of patent black stilettos. All fairly standard, if somewhat daring, stuff for a romantic weekend.

Isobel pulled the shoes out to have a closer look – she really liked shoes – only to reveal a strap on dildo that was shaped to give pleasure to both the wearer and her partner.

Heart pumping, Isobel quickly put everything away.

Her shift was due to finish in a few minutes and she had to cram in a couple of hours of study before going to find Pat before he went on shift.... All this paraphernalia had given her a few ideas

*****

'It's not fair'

'What's not honey?'

'You got off in such an exciting way and I'm left all pent up. What am I going to do?'

'Well, lets up the ante – anything goes this weekend. OK?'

'Agreed, but that doesn't satisfy my immediate needs.'

'Come sit next to me'

Niall's hand slipped down the front of Harriet's trousers and quickly started to massage her clitoris through the fabric of her panties.

Her head tipped back exposing her long delicate throat, a deep sigh of pleasure slowly exited through her slightly parted lips.

Soon her hips were lifting off the seat as she tried to increase the pressure on the clit.

'Excuse me sir, I'm going to have to ask you to leave the restaurant. We cannot condone this kind of behavior'

'Oh, OK. Bring over the bill please, we'll get out of here straight away.'

The restaurant is located across the street from the botanic gardens, Niall and Harriet strode quickly across the four lane road to disappear into the nighttime privacy of the lawns and exotic plants.

At the nearest quiet spot they leapt upon each other like animals, Niall feverishly undid Harriet's belt and trousers, pushing her onto her back to slid them over her hips. Next came the panties, now she desperately clutching at his trousers, untucking his shirt and pulling at the belt. Niall pushed her onto the grass, thrust her legs back until they touched her chest and ran his tongue from her rosebud arsehole all the way to her clit.

Once he reached he clit he paused, started flicking it with his tongue and sliding two fingers inside to massage her G spot. Harriet moaned.

'Fuck me'

As he leaned back to pull down his pants, Harriet rolled over and raised her bum up so that her pussy was at the perfect height for Niall to thrust deep inside her. Grasping her hips from behind Niall pounded his cock into her slippery hole with considerable force, soon he had reached a rhythm that allowed her to clamp down on his cock with the muscles inside, not wanting to release his shaft and very much wanting it to thrust in again, and again.

'Ohh... you could do this to me all day'

Such was the desperation that they were feeling, both Harriet and Niall orgasmed within a few minutes. Her black top had ridden up to expose her breasts in their sheer bra. Cum dribble down Harri's long smooth leg, sweat ran down her nose.

Niall rolled her over gently, and proceeded to lick all the cum from her pussy and legs. Once this was done he laid down beside her and they kissed deeply, sharing the mouthful of their shared juices.

'Got to keep you clean for the dance party later on.'

'I think I'm going to need more than one cock to satisfy me tonight, 

Your's is wonderful, but it can't be in two places at once.'

Niall's chest tightened, this was something they'd fantasized over, but never taken seriously

'OK anything goes, but make sure he's cute.'

*****

Concentration on macroeconomic readings for uni was proving to be insurmountably difficult. It would have to wait until tomorrow.

Pat was delighted that she'd be able to get out a couple of hours earlier than planned and suggested that they meet at a bar on Brunswick St before going to a dance party he'd heard about.

'It's been to long since I've gone and had really wild night out' mused Isobel to herself as she tried to decide what to wear.

'A dress, that's what I'm going to wear.'

After making this decisive statement Isobel searched through her wardrobe to find a navy blue summer dress with emerald green piping that was cut to look something like a vintage air hostess's outfit.

This dress had the two advantages of buttons down the front for easy access and a cut that accentuated her teardrop shaped breasts nicely.

No need for a bra tonight, it is the middle of summer after all....

Whilst shaving her legs the slippery feeling against her pussy was too much, she slipped out of the shower, got her much loved vibrator out of the drawer and lay back on her bed.

Images of the couple from the hotel this afternoon were running through her mind as she rubbed gently on her clit to get some lubrication worked up. The mental picture of Harriet wearing a strap-on and really giving it to Niall was such a turn on. Her nipples were erect like small bullets and her juices just poured out.

The vibrator slid into her pussy without the slightest hold up, its pulsating rhythm pushing her closer and closer.

Isobel braced her feet on the timber bed frame, arched her back and pushed her hips up so that her whole body was resting on her shoulder blades to make the angle of entry that much better. Her long wavy hair was spread out like a halo on the bedspread. Her entire body tensed, her right hand was ramming the dildo in an out of her pussy with increasing need while her left tweaked her nipple....

A shuddering climax that made her cry out involuntarily surged through her body.

Isobel lay panting on her bed

How can two strangers push me harder than Pat has ever shown an interest in taking me?

*****

As they made their way across the city to find the warehouse where the dance party was being held Harri kept getting shivers of excitement whenever she considered the suggestion she'd just made to Niall.

What an idea.... How are we going find a guy who's keen and not a sleaze.... How am I going find this guy?

Maybe I could find a fantastic dancer, see how he responds to some suggestive moves on my part then whisper in his ear...is this really what I want tonight?

Hmm....yes

The party was just warming up as they arrived at the warehouse, Niall went to the bar while Harri' went to check out her appearance. Last time they'd had an al fresco session she'd ended up with grass stains on her knees....and face.

Niall was just settling down onto a sofa when he looked up and met the eye of the manager from the hotel as her male companion negotiated their way past the doorman.

Niall's instincts earlier this afternoon proved to be correct; she broke into a broad smile and waved cheekily at him.

She certainly knows how to dress, a sack would do, but that dress is fantastic....her fella is an attractive guy as well. Will have to point him out to Harri.

The music started to kick in as Harriet reappeared from the ladies and Niall motioned to the dance floor, he was careful to select a position where they could get an uninterrupted view of the bar.

The smooth Latin grooves were conducive to close tactile dancing and they both were soon absorbed in finding new ways to tease each other without overtly groping.

After 20 minutes or so they had both worked up a thirst and moved toward the bar.

Has anyone caught your eye my love?

Actually yes, but I have no idea how to approach him

Who? Can you point him out?

Harri darted her eyes in the direction of a tall lean man with his back to the couple. Niall had trouble stifling a laugh

'What?! He's cute'

'No doubt, its just that you'll never guess who I saw him arriving with earlier.'

'Ohh... he's gay isn't he.'

'No evidence of that, have a look at who he's plying with drinks'

'No way....that's the manager from the hotel....our boy's got good taste then.

I'm sure I saw her smirking behind the battleaxe this afternoon.

Do you think she'll recognize us?"

'Happened already, she gave a big smile and wave when they arrived.

Shall we send her a drink for being so accommodating today?.'

'I think a bottle of champagne wouldn't go astray'

When the bottle of Pol Roger arrived Isobel's face lit up and she immediately looked around to see who'd sent it. When she realized it was from Harri and Niall, she motioned them over to the couch she was sharing with Pat.

His eyes creased with laughter and he couldn't help running a careful look over the pair.

'I hope you don't mind, I couldn't resist telling Pat about your little escapade this afternoon. I thought I'd never get Ms Trumpeter to quiet down about it. In the end I suggested she have a glass of sherry and didn't hear any more.'

"Well, my grandfather always said never explain yourself and never apologise.... He was a cranky old bastard, but in that situation it seemed to be good advice.

You really have to laugh at times don't you.'

The further the level of the champagne bottle went down the easier the banter flowed between the four of them. By the end of the second bottle Isobel wanted to dance and she soon had everyone up on the floor with her.

As the DJ pumped up the intensity the foursome loosened up to the point where the girls were taking turns 'seducing' each of the boys and then each other. When Pat had to step outside to take a call Harri took her cue to slide up from behind and wrap her arms around Isobel's torso, making sure to feel the weight of her beautiful breasts. Harri pressed her hips into Isobel tight buns and soon had them both swaying in time to the music. Niall watched on appreciatively as Harri kissed Isobel behind her ear.

'You know what we were up to this afternoon....its put me in a mood for some more excitement.'

'mh mmm'

I'm going to need your help, I think I'm going to need more than one cock tonight and am wondering if I can borrow your's?

Isobel spun around, her eyes wide

'I don't have a cock Harriet'

Yes you do, you own Pat's cock

Pat can be a bit difficult, he has some old fashioned views about the world.

I'm sure we can entice him to....explore a bit.

Harri noticed Pat moving across the dance floor, she spun Isobel around and planted a deep kiss on her lips, pressing her body against Isobel's so that their breasts squashed together. Harriet's hands ran up Isobel's legs and cupped her pert buttocks.

As Pat arrived she broke her kiss with Isobel and smiled at him.

Come over here...

As Harri's tongue slid into his mouth, her hands slid down the length of his body and found his groin. Within a moment she was rubbing up and down along his rapidly hardening erection and pressing her body against his.

I'm going to use you tonight

Meanwhile Isobel ran her hands down her Harri's back and over her arse, she then stepped over to Niall and kissed him on the throat.

Did you know about Harri's little scheme?

Actually yes, can't say no when she decides what she wants...

I wish I was so brave....lets get out of here

During the cab trip to the hotel the girls sat in the back of the cab with Pat, taking turns to work their hands into his pants and sharing long sloppy kisses.

Niall had been warned that Pat was somewhat rigid in his outlook and might need some warming up so was letting Harri do her work. He was enjoying himself watching in the rearview mirror, as was the taxi driver.

Once in the room the girls immediately pushed both the men onto the bed, Isobel knelt between Pat's legs and undid his trousers. Harri went to work on his t-shirt, pulling it over his head. Once he was naked Isobel stared to run her tongue along the length of his penis.

'Niall, come over here and let us show you how to suck a man's cock....we might even let you have a go.'

A look of shock passed over Pat's face at this, but is subsided as Harri slid his cock into her mouth.

Isobel rolled over and grasped Niall by his belt buckle.

Undress me

His hands found and quickly undid the buttons at the front of her dress. Momentarily she was wearing only a plain black g-string that Niall slid down over her long smooth legs, revealing a neatly trimed patch of pubic hair and swollen labia. 

Well well thought Niall as Isobel quickly undid his trousers and shirt.

Harri needs your help

Niall pushed Isobel over to the other side of the bed where Harri was working intently on Pat's penis. He then wriggled between the two bodies. Harri relinquished her hold on the penis to Isobel and sat up to take her top off. While watching Isobel take Pat's cock in her mouth she idly rubbed her pussy 

How adventurous are the guys were going to be? Niall is pretty much up for anything once, but this guy seems a bit tense...

When Niall rested his head on Pat's upper thigh things went a bit haywire.

No, no, no, NO you stay over there, I don't want any part of some kind of gay gang bang...

Pat sat up and roughly pushed everyone away.

Baby, why are you ruining this?

I'm not gay, I'm not gonna have ANY kind of encounter with another man.

Harri ran her long slender arm around Isobel's waist

'Well I guess you're going to miss out then. I'm pretty sure Isobel wants to stay and play.

Don't you babe?'

Come on honey, how often does an experience like this present itself.
