 Edited by Todger65

It was Tuesday afternoon around 4pm when I arrived at the motel. My work had sent me away for a day of training, where they booked me a room to stay the night before. As I entered the foyer of the motel with my overnight case, I noticed there was a restaurant in the motel and thought since work was paying I might as well make the most of the stay. I checked in and got my key and headed to my room. The room wasn't overly big. It consisted of a double bed, small bathroom, TV, and a small mini bar fridge. Just enough for an overnight stay. 

I opened my overnight case and hung my clothes ready for tomorrow. I lazed on the bed for about an hour before I decided to have a shower and freshen up, before heading down to the restaurant for something to eat. I threw on a semi casual black dress with a matching black bra and panties.

It was around 6.30pm when I headed to the restaurant, where I was greeted by a young waitress at the door. 

"How many will be dining tonight?" The waitress asked.

"Just myself." I replied.

The restaurant was already quite busy and there weren't many tables free. The waitress sat me at a table on the other side of the room. I spent a little while going through the menu and was finding it hard to decide on what to have. After about 20 minute of deciding. The waitress came to my table.

"Excuse me mam."

"Yes." I replied

"The couple by the windows asked if you were dining alone, and if you were would you like to join them for company."

"Ummmm ok. Sure." I replied.

I got up and headed over to their table where an elderly man stood up and greeted me.

"Hi my name is Bob and this is my wife Chrissy. You looked a little lonely over there so we thought you might like some company."

"Hi Bob, hi Chrissy, my name is Toni. Thank you for inviting me over. I'm here on a work conference, staying overnight, and yes it does get a little lonely.

I sat down next to Chrissy and the three of us looked at the menu, finally deciding on what we were going to eat. After about five minutes the waitress took our order and brought our drinks to the table. 

I found out that Bob and Chrissy were a retired couple, very wealthy and had been travelling for the past three months. In a few days they were leaving for Amsterdam and both were very excited. Bob mentioned they had a lot on their bucket list to tick off while over there. 

After a while of chatting the waitress brought out our meals and a few more drinks. We continued chatting over dinner and were getting to know a lot about each other. 

"So Toni. Why is a beautiful woman like you single? I was sure you would be married." Asked Chrissy.

"Well I guess I'm single because I love to have fun. Not ready to settle yet." I replied.

We finished our meals and Bob ordered another bottle of wine. We continued chatting when I felt Chrissy put her hand on my leg. I froze for a second then took a sip of wine. I tried to pretend I didn't notice. As we continued chatting Chrissy softly rubbed my leg under the table. I was starting to get turned on and I could feel wetness between my legs. I made sure nobody could see, then I slowly parted my legs just enough for Chrissy to rub my thighs. I could feel her hand lightly pressing against my pussy. As much as I loved being with older men I had never experienced an older women and I must admit it was starting to be such a turn on. Chrissy slid my panties to the side as her fingers found the opening to my pussy and she started rubbing me getting me so wet.

After about an hour of chatting and drinking while letting Chrissy fondle my pussy, I was so turned on and wet. Chrissy looked at Bob and gave him a wink. I had a feeling Bob new what was going on under the table. 

"Ladies the night is still young. Why don't we head back to the room for a drink?" Bob suggested.

Chrissy looked at me and smiled as she removed her fingers from my pussy. 

"That sounds good." I replied.

As we were getting ready to leave a waitress came to the table. 

"Would you like your meals charged to your rooms?" She asked.

"Yes please." I replied.

I gave the waitress my room number and Bob did the same.

Bob, Chrissy and I headed to the Elevator. We headed to the 5th floor, room 505, where Bob and Chrissy were staying. Their room was much larger than mine and I guess it was a deluxe suite. Chrissy took me out on the Balcony to show me the amazing view. From the balcony you looked straight out over the ocean. I stood leaning against the rail when Chrissy moved behind me and put her hands on my hips. My heart started to race as I slowly turned around. She looked at me and slowly moved close pressing her lips against mine. I could feel my panties were getting so wet.

"Well ladies. I'm glad to see you're getting to know each other a bit better." Bob said as he looked on.

After a few minutes Chrissy took my hand and led me back inside. She sat me on the floor right in front of the couch while she lifted her dress, and slid her panties down, dropping them to the floor. With her dress still pulled up, she sat down in front of me lifting and spreading her legs putting her feet on the couch. Her pussy was so wet and I could tell she was ready for me to taste her. Her hands moved forward and she pulled my head in to her pussy. As my tongue started to taste her wetness she moaned with pleasure. The more I ran my tongue over her pussy the more sensitive she became. I slid my tongue inside her pussy as deep as I could and could feel her juice all over my chin.

"Wow, you sure know how to please a lady." Chrissy moaned.

I looked up and noticed Bob standing naked stroking his cock watching me pleasing his wife. 

"Keep licking that pussy honey. You like that Chrissy?" Bob asked.

"Oh wow yes. It feels so good. I'm almost ready to cum." Chrissy replied.

I spread her pussy apart and continued running my tongue all over her, before sucking on her pussy lips, tasting her wetness. She tasted so good and for an older woman, she had a nice pussy.

"Oh Toni, Toni, Oh wow, yes, yes!" Chrissy moaned as she gripped hold of the couch.

Chrissy's body shook as she came while I continued to tease her pussy with my tongue. After a minute she collapsed back in to the couch.

I stood up and looked at Bob stroking his big cock. For an old guy he was very well hung. I slid my dress off and removed my panties and bra as Bob moved over to the couch and sat down next to Chrissy. 

"Ride him Toni. I want to watch him fuck you." Chrissy requested.

I straddled his cock and slid him in slowly. His big cock felt so good as I took him inch by inch, until he was all the way inside me. I watched Chrissy sitting back fingering her wet pussy watching us.

"Does she have a nice pussy Bob?" Chrissy asked.

"Sure does. She is nice and tight." Bob replied.

Bob continued fucking my pussy. After a few minutes, Chrissy got up off the couch and moved behind me and knelt down. All of a sudden I felt her tongue teasing my arse. I reached my hand around and ran my hand through her hair. 

"Oh my god that feels so good. Don't stop." I said between moans.

Bob spread his legs further apart, and I could feel Chrissy playing with my pussy while Bobs cock continues to slide in and out. Chrissy pulled Bobs cock out and started sucking it, then slid it back inside of me. Bob continued fucking my pussy while Chrissy carried on playing with my arse and pussy. After a minute Chrissy pulled Bobs cock out again and sucked it, while Bob started sucking my nipples and groping my breasts. Chrissy started slapping Bobs cock against my wet pussy, then teased me by inserting the head of his cock inside me, then pulling it out over and over. The feeling was amazing.

"Oh god, oh god. Don't' stop. I'm cumming." I screamed.

Chrissy pushed Bobs cock back inside me as I came and exploded all over it.

"Oh my god, fuck me hard Bob. Fuck me." I continued to scream.

Bob continued pounding his cock deeper and harder as my orgasm continued. As my body slumped forward on Bobs chest, Chrissy pulled his cock out and slowly sucked my cum off his cock.

"Mmmmmm you taste so good Toni." Said Chrissy as she continued sucking.

Chrissy got up and helped me up off the floor. She took my hand and led me to the bedroom and lay me down on my back, on the bed. She moved her body over me positioning us in a 69 position, and started licking my wet pussy. I positioned my hands on her arse and spread her apart. I pulled her in close and tasted her wet pussy. I could feel her tongue exploring every part of my pussy, and she seemed to know exactly what I liked. Bob was standing to the side stroking his cock, watching my tongue licking the juices off his wife's pussy.

After a few minutes Bob knelt over my head and slid his cock in Chrissy's pussy. As I looked up, I could see his cock sliding in and out, and his balls slapping against her pussy. This looked so hot and it was getting me so excited. I moved my tongue closer and started licking Bob's balls. Bob pressed his cock and held it deep inside Chrissy allowing my tongue to lick and tease him longer before he slid his cock all the way out. Bob held his cock and pressed it against Chrissy's arse.

"Oh yes honey fuck my arse." Chrissy requested.

I watched her arse slowly take all of Bobs cock. I continued licking her pussy and could feel she was getting so wet.

"Oh Bob, oh Bob, yes, yes I'm cumming." Chrissy screamed.

I moved my tongue close to her pussy tasting her as she came all over me. She tasted amazing, and her pussy exploded with so much cum.

"That was amazing honey. How about Toni goes on top now so I can watch you fuck her." Chrissy requested.

Bob slid his cock out and Chrissy lay on the bed. I positioned myself on top of Chrissy and started licking her very sensitive pussy. I felt Chrissy's tongue going to work on my pussy licking me all over as Bob move in behind me and slid his cock slowly in to my pussy. His cock felt so good.

"You're right honey, her pussy is very tight. Even after your big cock has been inside her."

"I want to see your big cock stretch her arse." Chrissy requested.

"Oh god yes. Fuck my arse."

Bob slid his cock out of my pussy and positioned himself ready to split my arse. He slowly pushed his cock in, and I felt the head enter before he slowly fed me the rest. Slowly he slid it in and out. It didn't take long before I was ready to cum again.

"God, oh god. That feels so good. Yes, yes. I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming." I screamed.

"Explode all over me honey, I want to taste your cum." Said Chrissy.

My body shook as I exploded. Bob continued fucking my arse as Chrissy tasted and licked up every drop from my pussy. My body trembled over and over as my orgasm continued. The feeling was so amazing and intense.

After a few minutes, Bob pulled his cock out of my arse, and I rolled off Chrissy on to the bed. As I lay still Bob moved his head between my legs.

"Now it's my turn to taste you." He said as his tongue started to explore my pussy.

"She tastes good doesn't she honey?" Said Chrissy.

"Sure does."

Bob continued to lick my pussy while he slid two fingers in and out of me. I looked up at Chrissy who was kneeling on the bed finger her pussy watching. I put my hand out and grabbed Chrissy, pulling her close guiding her legs over my head, positioning her pussy over my mouth. I slid my tongue in and out of her pussy, as well as licking her wet lips. I wanted to taste her cum again. I reached around and started fingering her arse.

"Oh Toni that feels so good. Anyone would think you want me to cum again."

"Yes please. All over me." I replied.

As I continued licking, Chrissy reached down and spread her pussy, allowing my tongue more access while she rubbed her clit. Bob was still licking my pussy which felt amazing, and I knew I was definitely going to cum again. 

"Oh god Toni are you ready for my cum?" Asked Chrissy.

"Yes give it to me." I replied.

Chrissy positioned herself ready.

"Yes yes yes, God yes I'm cumming." She screamed.

As I licked her pussy, I could taste her cum dripping all over my mouth.

"Oh god Chrissy, you taste amazing." I commented.

Chrissy collapsed on the bed slowly rubbing her pussy. 

"Time for you to cum honey." Bob demanded.

Chrissy started sucking on my nipples as Bob continued licking every part of my pussy. It felt so good, and I knew I was close. I ran my hands through Bobs grey hair pressing his head in to my pussy.

"Yes yes yes. I'm going to cum." I screamed.

"Taste her cum Bob. Let her cum in your mouth." Requested Chrissy.

My pussy exploded and I could feel the sensation through my whole body. Over and over my body shook as Bob continued to taste my cum.

I lay catching my breath and after a minute Bob helped me up. He knelt me down on the floor at the end of the bed as he sat on the edge. Chrissy hugged him from behind watching over his shoulder. He pulled my head in close and I started sucking his big cock. I took him deep in my throat sucking every inch. I could feel my spit running down his cock. 

"Give it to her honey, cum all over her." Said Chrissy.

I sucked his cock for a few more minutes when Bob grabbed my hair holding my head still. He started stroking his cock as he was ready to explode.

"Oh yeah, are you ready honey?" Asked Bob.

"Give it to me." I replied.

"Yeah Yeah Yeah, Fuck." Bob screamed.

His cum shot over my face, most of it in my mouth as I sucked his cock swallowing his cum as his cock continued to pulse. 

The three of us lay on the bed catching our breath. After a few minutes, Chrissy got up and took my hand helping me off the bed and led me to the bathroom. Chrissy ran the shower and we both hopped in. Chrissy ran her hands all over my body getting me nice and clean. She then ran her hands down between my legs rubbing my pussy. I ran my hand down her leg and before I knew it we were kissing passionately rubbing each other getting ready to cum again. Exhausted, we got out of the shower and dried each other off. I got dressed and thanked them for an amazing night and headed back to my room.