 It could have been the very worst of a very bad situation. Meeting an old girlfriend just at a time when I was having major marital problems myself. As it was, the meeting was very fortuitous, or at least, so I later found out.

I had just had one hell of a fight with my wife over the telephone about her "laying over" on her business flight to Dallas. It was Friday night and I was still at work, very horny and feeling sorry for myself. As I slammed the phone down I couldn't help but think, "Well, fuck her. I hadn't had sex in more than a month anyway. I guess a few more days without a piece of ass won't kill me. Maybe I could turn into a monk." I couldn't help but wonder if she was getting any.

I put on my coat and stormed out of my office in a foul mood and headed for the local gin mill on the next street. As I rounded the corner of the building, I ran headlong into Gail, knocking her flat on her ass. 

I didn't recognize her at first and was just about to say something crude when she smiled up at me and said, "Well, Ed, I was going to look you up but I hadn't planned on meeting you quite like this."

I was apologizing profusely as I helped her to her feet. "Sorry, my mind was somewhere else. How have you been? I thought you moved away. It must be at least seven years since I saw you, just before Jenny and I got married."

I didn't remember her being quite this attractive. I was taking in her beauty and shapely figure when she said, "I'm fine. I just moved back to town so I thought I would look you up. You don't look too happy."

"Well, I have a few problems of my own right now. But enough about me, what about you?" She was becoming more beautiful by the minute. How did I ever let her get away? I guess she got pissed when I started dating her best friend.

Her smile was breathtaking when she said, "Are you on your way somewhere? Should I call your office and make an appointment?" 

"No, no not at all. I can take care of you anytime." Boy, could I take care of her! I never did get in her pants when we were dating, but maybe I could make up for that shortcoming now. 

She and Jenny, my wife, had been roommates in college. I met Gail first and we went out a few times but she just didn't respond to the sexual needs of a very virile, 21 year old, man at the height of his sexual development. Jenny, on the other hand, was every bit as horny as I was. We were very compatible back then. I wonder what happened to us and just when the sexual fires went out. 

I tried to make small talk while I figured out a way to get her into bed. "What brings you back here after all these years?"

"I don't know if you knew, but my husband was much older than me. He was very sick for a long time. He finally passed away six months ago and I just wanted to get in touch with some of my old friends. I assume that you and Jenny are still as hot as ever."


I wasn't quite sure what she meant by that but, then, they had been roommates, so maybe she knew more about me than I suspected. "Well, not as "hot" as we once were but still slugging along. Jenny is out of town and I am on my own. Will you join me for a drink and dinner?" 

"I don't think that would be wise without Jenny. I better get back to my hotel ---"

I was obviously disappointed but my cell phone's incessant ringing interrupted our conversation before I could protest. "Excuse me for just a moment, I'll get rid of whoever this is." I answered the call and then told her, "Well, it may be that our problem is solved. That was Jenny. She caught an earlier flight and is at the airport. She is dying to see you so why can't we pick her up and then have dinner?"

Gail agreed so off we went. At the airport there was a reunion that started with laughter, hugging and kissing and finally broke down into tears. Over dinner I was almost left out of the conversation but did manage to convince Gail to check out of the hotel and stay with us while she was in town.

By the time we had collected our guest's bags and arrived home, everybody was feeling the effect of the before dinner cocktails, the meal, the two bottles of wine and the after dinner aperitifs. The girls were whispering and giggling in a conspiratorial way. They left me to bring in the bags while they both went into the guest bathroom.

After I had stowed the luggage, I rapped lightly on the door and Jenny called out, "We will be out in a few minutes. Go take a bath, and be sure to shave."

Since bathing and shaving were usually a prerequisite to having sex with her, I jumped to obey with a smile on my face and anticipation in my – ah -- heart. 

I was standing at the mirror in our bathroom, freshly shaven, with a towel wrapped around me, rinsing away the last of the mouthwash when she came in wearing a sheer teddy that I hadn't seen before. She slipped her hands around me from behind and rested her head on my shoulder. Her cool hands on my chest made my nipples, among other things, hard. 

"Did you miss me?" Without waiting for an answer, she slipped her hand down under the towel. "MM it feels like you did."

When I turned around and took her in my arms the towel fell, leaving me nude, my dick sticking straight out. I started to kiss her but she pushed back and said, "I want you to do me a big favor."

I was so horny, I would have done anything she asked. I picked her up in my arms, started for the bedroom and said, "Anything you want."

I dropped her to her feet and tried to cover my erection. There in the middle of our bed with the sheet pulled up to her chin was Gail.

"That's the favor. I want you to have sex with Gail. She hasn't been with a man for a long time, more than a year, and she needs some. We talked about it and you are our logical choice."

What could I say? "Of course, if that's what you want," but I wasn't sure. This was not like Jenny at all. Usually she got jealous if I even casually talked to another woman at a party. 

She giggled a little. "Well, slip in beside her. We can see you are already ready." She held up the sheet and, even in the dim light, I could see that Gail was nude.

She edged over a little to let me in and to my surprise; Jenny eased in behind me, using my unusual position to grab my dick. "See, Gail, I told you he would do it and no matter what else, he is very good in bed."

Jenny took over. Like a maestro conducting a symphony, she led us through the finer movements of intercourse. She threw the sheet back and had me suckle on Gail's beautiful breast with the big, hard, golden nipple. I was lost in the seduction and without any instructions, I slid down to partake of the ambrosia that I was sure awaited me. All this time, Jenny was fondling and caressing my balls and penis. I had barely touched Gail's pussy with my mouth when she was overtaken by a tremendous orgasm.

"Now, let her get on top of you and sit on your thing." Jenny was guiding the action like an expert, pushing and arranging us into position. She was also fondling both my balls and Gail's breasts as Gail settled herself on my meat. "Ooo, it makes me very hot, to see you fucking her. Can I sit on your mouth?"

How could I say no? Two of the most desirable women I had ever known, having sex with me at the same time. The soft shroud of Gail's pussy encasing my cock and the delicious taste of Jenny's familiar cunt teasing my lips was rapture. My tongue was gently flicking against Jenny's protruding clit while my hard dick slid in and out of Gail. I suddenly realized that the two girls were leaning toward each other and I think they were kissing. The thought blew my mind and I was rapidly approaching climax when Jenny pushed her box hard against my face and flooded me with her juice. The way Gail was moaning, I knew she wasn't far behind. She had her second orgasm at almost the same moment I had my first. Her talented cunt squeezed in and out, milking me of the last few drops of my semen.

We collapsed in a pile of arms, legs, breasts, pussies and one very proud, very spent, penis. I drifted off into a sleep that was almost a coma. Sometime through the night, I awoke to go to the toilet and when I returned I could see, by the dim night-light, the two women asleep in each other's arms. Jenny was flat on her back with Gail nestled close to her. I did notice that Gail's hand was cupping Jenny's beast.

I had barely fallen asleep when I had a most erotic sensation. It felt like someone was nursing on my soft penis. I awoke to find it was true! (Except my penis was no longer soft.) Gail looked up at me and whispered, "Shush, just lay still and be quiet. We don't want to wake Jenny."

I did as instructed but I had a lot of trouble keeping quiet near the end. Her mouth was like a soft vacuum, sucking my mind out through the end of my cock. Every movement of her tongue brought an involuntary gasp from me. She continued to suckle until I blew out and went completely soft again. She must have swallowed every drop. I think I was relieved when she declined my offer to reciprocate and went back to cuddle close against Jenny while I lapsed back into my unconscious state.

Dawn was just breaking through the window when movements from the other side of the bed disturbed me. I awoke to the most erotic sight I had ever seen. Gail was on her back, her head on a pillow and her legs, bent at the knees, were spread wide. Jenny was on her knees at the end of the bed, her ass high in the air and her face pressed hard into her friend's pussy. Gail's withering and moaning in ecstasy had awakened me.

Jenny could see that I was awake, and without loosing her place at Gail's box lunch, motioned toward her own ass with her hand. The hand then went between her legs and started fingering her pussy. I was proud that I was, once again, "up" to the challenge as I took my place behind her. I plugged into Jenny's welcoming pussy and began long, slow, in and out strokes. Although this was one of my favorite positions, I hadn't fucked Jenny like this in a long time. With my hands on her hips, I was able to hold almost still and push and pull her body back and forth on my hard dick.

Gail was so wrapped up with what was happening to her, I don't think she even knew what was going on until she went over the edge and had a world-class orgasm. I continued pushing Jenny on and off of my rigid pole, sliding her so far away that there was danger of my meat falling out and then slamming home so hard my balls made a slapping sound against her thighs. I could still feel her hand massaging her clit, moving her ever closer to the magical land of climax. She had quit eating Gail's pussy and was just accepting my rod sliding in and out of her. I could feel her passion rising as she came closer and closer to culmination of our union. The question was could I continue until she did, or would I shoot my load too soon, leaving her unfulfilled? She soon answered the question by having an orgasm that left her wiggling and whimpering. It was all I needed and I filled her box with pulse after pulse of my seed.

Everybody crashed out again and it was well after noon when I woke in an empty bed to the aroma of coffee brewing and bacon frying. Jenny came in while I was showering and said, "We thought you could use some real food to eat and, by the way, be sure to shave."

Copyright © 04-06-2002 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.