 This is a direct sequel to Ch. 01. I highly recommend reading the first chapter if you want to better understand the plot and read more detailed physical descriptions of some of the characters. Enjoy!

*

The powerful Phoenix sun fought its way through the curtains in Maya’s room and I slowly began opening my eyes. The previous nights events came hurdling back to me as I realized I was naked and wrapping an equally naked Maya in a tight embrace. I extricated myself from her slowly, stopping to survey her sleeping body briefly.

Her curly, light brown hair was everywhere and it covered a good portion of her sleeping face. As I pulled back the covers I drank in Maya’s gorgeous body. She lay on her stomach so I wasn’t able to appreciate her impressive abs or her smaller, but pert breasts. I ran my eyes along her tattooed covered sides and enjoyed her toned back. My eyes continued downward to where her large ass and muscular legs were on full display.

She groaned quietly and rolled over in her sleep, grabbing for the blankets that I had moved. I appreciated the view of her curves and flexing muscles. I bit my lip and managed to pull my eyes away from her, leaving her to sleep. I made my way to the bathroom to start my morning. 

I examined myself in the mirror once I had closed the door. I was still naked from last night’s activities. My blonde hair was a mess and I smiled, thinking to myself that my ‘sex hair’ was most definitely from sex. I cupped my 30C cup sized breasts up as I looked at my stomach. A little dehydration from our wine last night and a long night’s sleep toned my core some. If I squinted hard I could almost convince myself that I could see a hint of my abs. 

I pinched and prodded my body. I was in pretty good shape. Not as good of shape as when I was in the middle of my soccer career, but you could tell I took care of my health. I turned so I could see my back. I giggled as I saw the scratches Maya had left on my back last night. There were some on my large ass too and I sighed contentedly thinking of the orgasm Maya had given me last night. 

I came back to earth a bit and tried to process what this meant for us. I felt we could still be friends, but I didn’t see how we could just move on and ignore the night of lust and passion we had just shared. Not only that, but I didn’t want to ignore it. I loved James and still wanted to marry him, but Maya had rocked my world last night and the orgasm she gave me obviously still lingered in my mind and body. 

For some reason I didn’t really feel guilty about it. Intellectually, I knew I had just cheated on James. Somehow, it just didn’t feel that way. Maybe, because Maya was a girl, or because Maya and I were such close friends. I tried to think how I would feel if James did something similar with one of his close male friends. I couldn’t get far into it as the absurdity of James fondling another man’s penis made me laugh. 

The penis I had imagined James playing with reminded me suspiciously of Luke’s from the picture Maya had shown me yesterday. I didn’t usually judge solely based on size, but Luke’s definitely captured my attention. It had been driven from my mind by the striking visage of Maya’s body all day yesterday, but now I was alone with my thoughts, it came back. It reminded me strongly of my first ever boyfriend, Patrick, whom I had affectionately dubbed Trick. 

We had been in the same grade through school and had both been top athletes at our small town high school. Admittedly, he had been more accomplished than me, and had gone on to a dual sport athletic scholarship at a big college in the south. Now, he was working his way through the ranks of professional baseball. I had been good enough to secure a scholarship to play soccer at a more regional university, the one where I met Maya. 

Trick and I dated for a couple years in high school, starting the summer before sophomore year and ending the summer before senior year. He was kind, and I had great memories of us. We had parted on at least amicable terms. We both knew with our respective scholarship offers that things were not meant to last. Rather than prolong the agony, we cut things off. Trick became a bit of a playboy through our senior year, and whatever the reasons he may have had, it frustrated me. I later joked with friends that he was my next boyfriend’s best wingman, because his actions had led me to another sexual partner sooner than I otherwise might have.

Regardless, of how things ended, I enjoyed our time together. Not only because Trick was a good person, but because of our sexual exploration together. We were both virgins with no experience other than kissing. Almost all of our firsts came with the other. The thing that I remembered the most was the fact that Trick has a comically large penis. It honestly looks like a flesh colored cucumber, but maybe even thicker and longer. It took us more than one try to have sex the first time. 

I would have needed to see Luke’s penis in person, or ideally both of them together. “Wow that would be a lot of fun,” I thought to myself and let my mind wander for a second. 

To know for sure though if Luke’s penis really was in Trick’s league I would have to see it. That would likely never happen though and I scolded myself. I should stop daydreaming about people who weren’t my fiancé. 

I shook myself from my reverie and cleaned myself before leaving the bathroom. As I returned to Maya’s room I saw her starting to wake up, she was stretching and wore a satisfied sleepy smile on her face. 

“There is my darling lover girl. You know, I had the most amazing dream that right before I fell asleep, you blew my mind with not one, but two orgasms.” She wiggled her eyebrows for effect and I laughed at her forwardness. Trust Maya not to beat around the bush. 

I rejoined her in the bed. “We should probably talk about that,” I stated somberly. 

“Yeah, yeah. James is great and we can’t do it again. I know. I just want you to know that I had a lot of fun. I’m glad it happened.” I searched her face for any traces of sarcasm. I couldn’t find any and her sincerity soothed me.

“I’m glad it happened too, Maya,” I returned softly. I really was, it had been an amazing experience. “Don’t think bad of me for saying this....” I trailed off, I knew I shouldn’t finish that thought.

“What is it?”

“Well, I, I don’t know..I just don’t feel so bad about this I guess. I don’t feel like I really cheated on him.” I was rambling. “I guess what I’m trying to say is what James doesn’t know won’t hurt him. And I don’t think there was any harm done, and honestly...” this was the tough part and I wasn’t sure I should say it out loud. “Honestly, I don’t think it would be bad if it happened again...” I couldn’t meet her eyes and I was ready for her to chastise me for wanting to be unfaithful.

“I know what you’re saying Cailyn. I feel the same sort of way.” I was so selfish. I had been so concerned about my own situation and had completely forgotten that Maya had a boyfriend as well! That realization quickly gave way to what else Maya implied. She would want to do this again sometime too? I felt my heart jump a little in excitement and I bit my lip to force back a smile. 

I looked at her now. Her eyes were trained on my body and her fingers were absent-mindedly tracing my thigh. I drank in her marvelous looks again. Her hair was still disheveled and her face still bore the sleepy, satisfied expression it had when she first woke up. Her muscles, especially her abs looked even more defined with the help of morning dehydration. She was lying on her side next to me so I could just see the curve of her large derriere sticking out from her strong and toned legs. 

She truly was a sight to behold. She seemed to notice my gaze and caught my eyes and blushed. We smiled at each other and no words were necessary as we shared our moment. It wasn’t a lover’s moment, but it wasn’t a best friend moment either. It was somewhere in between and I liked the idea that we could share that unique space and were on the same page about keeping other aspects of our lives as is. 

A buzz on Maya’ phone pulled us back to reality and she rolled over to check what it was. 

“Luke just opened up the gym. Still wanna go?” Honestly, I’d forgotten we had planned to go workout this morning. A nice sweaty session sounded like just the right thing for my psyche. Plus, I didn’t hate the idea that this might lead to another shower with Maya. 

“Yeah, lets do it.” Maya patted my leg with a smile and tossed the covers aside and made her way to her closet to get ready. I stayed in bed to admire the view for a second before I made my way to my bag to find some workout attire.

I settled on a simple black pair of skintight workout shorts, a sports bra and old soccer shirt. I slipped on the tight shorts; they came about a half hand length past my ass cheek. I’d grown accustomed to compression shorts during soccer and I liked them for any sort of exercise now. Once I had finished dressing I turned to see Maya. 

Maya was wearing grey fitness leggings that clung to her toned legs and large ass. She sported a grey sports bra to match, leaving her impressive core on display. She looked straight off an instagram fitness page with her clothes and physique. 

We left the apartment and made our way to Maya’s car. We talked and joked with each other, easily sliding back into our friendly camaraderie. Maya made the short drive to the gym and parked the car in the nearly empty lot. We walked into the almost empty gym. I followed Maya as she went towards the young, handsome faced, and sandy haired blonde man seated at the front desk. He was writing something with his head down. 

“Hey Luke, miss me?” Maya flirtatiously caught his attention. Luke’s extremely tan face broke into a wide grin and he raised his eyes to see her bouncing up to the desk. 

“Hey Maya! And that must make you Cailyn?” He looked past Maya and trained his bright blue eyes and wide smile at me.

“Hi” I gave a little wave and made my way to the desk with Maya and Luke. 

Maya leaned over so Luke could give her a quick peck on the cheek and then he spoke to both of us. “You guys pretty much have the run of the place, do whatever you like. We are gonna be pretty dead, people don’t usually come in Saturday mornings.” 

Maya gave his hand a quick squeeze and looked at him, “Are you gonna do anything?” She winked at me, I knew she was asking for herself as much as him.

He smiled. He seemed to know her reasoning as well. “Yeah, I’ve just got a couple paperwork things to finish and then I’m gonna work out a bit too.”

Maya wolf whistled and Luke and I laughed. She walked off towards the gym area and Luke shook his head ruefully. I followed her into the main training area and we discussed what we were going to do as we warmed up. 

Maya ran me through a gauntlet of exercises. Our main focus was definitely the booty, just like Maya had promised yesterday. I had done most of the exercises that Maya had us doing, whether from my athlete days or on my own. I wasn’t able to use as much weight as her, but I felt like I was holding my own. When we were well into our workout, Luke made his way out onto the training floor.

He was a lot taller than I had realized when he had been sitting down. He looked to be several inches taller than 6 foot. He was very well built and I could definitely see why Maya drooled over him. He wore athletic shorts and a t-shirt, and you could easily tell he was very muscular underneath. He moved with a smooth, athletic grace and I found myself stealing glances as our workouts progressed. One particular moment I watched him pick an impressive amount of weight off the floor in a deadlift. Maya caught me staring and smiled.

“Impressive isn’t he?”

“Yeah! He is really strong,” I didn’t care that Maya had caught me staring. I was legitimately impressed. 

“He really is, I told you he’s fun to watch,” she smiled mischievously at me and we got back to our own workout. As we went, we both stole glances at Luke as he went about his business. I managed to steal some glances at Maya as well. I wasn’t disappointed by either person I watched. 

We finished up and my muscles were exhausted and I was covered in sweat. I greedily stole drinks from the water fountain as Maya was checking in with Luke. 

“How ya feeling?” Maya’s cheeky tone wasn’t lost on me and I snorted derisively. 

“Ready to do it all again tomorrow!” I joked. I might not even be able to move tomorrow! I could tell I was going to be sore, but in a good, satisfied in my efforts sort of way. 

Maya smiled and gestured towards the door. I stole one last look over at Luke as we walked away. Maya caught me and gave me a friendly elbow.

“Quit ogling my boyfriend,” she said. Her expression was one of pride though and I could tell that stopping me from checking Luke out was far from the top of her priority list. 

“What’s the plan?” I asked as we flopped into Maya’s car. More accurately, I flopped; Maya still seemed to have boundless energy somehow. 

“I figured we could go back, shower, eat, hang out. Then, Luke wants to do something tonight so I thought it might be fun for him to come over and we could all cook a meal? That is if you don’t mind him invading our girls night.” I felt a twinge of disappointment that I wouldn’t get a second evening in a row alone with Maya, but I did want to get to know Luke better. Besides, it sounded like fun. 

“Sounds good to me. I am gonna be so sore tomorrow though,” I lamented as we drove out of the parking lot, back towards Maya’s place.

Maya laughed, “Maybe a massage is in order?” I smiled at the thought of Maya running her hands all over my body again. 

“MMMMHMMM,” I noised emphatically and we both laughed. We made it back to her apartment shortly and Maya made her way to the kitchen as I immediately sank into the front area couch. She returned rather quickly and handed me a drink.

“What is this?” I asked.

“Just a little post workout concoction I whip up, it’s got some protein, tastes like chocolate. Its good.” Her endorsement was plenty for me and we downed them together. Once we finished Maya eyeballed me meaningfully. 

She came over to and seated herself on my lap, straddling my legs and facing me. She started kissing my neck and it wasn’t long before the fire returned between my legs and I was moaning as I clutched her body to me.

Maya briefly broke contact with me to say, “You know...” she laid a kiss on my neck, “I still owe you...” she kissed the other side of my neck, “an orgasm from last night.” She nibbled my ear this time, “How about we...” she took the earlobe from my other ear into her mouth, “go shower off all this sweat.” She leaned back and looked at my face. 

I could only manage a nod. Maya leaned in as if she was going to kiss me, but stopped short, I tried to close the distance with my own lips, but she jerked back. 

She smiled teasingly at me and hopped off my lap. She started towards the hallway and the shower, and held her hand out to me. I took it and she lifted me to my feet with ease, and pushed me in front of her. 

Apparently, she felt it was her turn to admire my ass as we walked. She snuck a couple grabs and pinches of my butt while we walked and I laughed at her teasing. We reached the bathroom and she pushed me inside. 

“Get the water going, I’m gonna grab our towels.” I set to work on getting the shower going and peeled off my sweaty workout clothes.

Wanting the warm water on my tired muscles I stepped into the shower without waiting for her. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling. I heard the shower curtain pull back and I opened my eyes to see Maya step in to join me. She kept one hand behind her back and I was a little apprehensive to know what she was hiding.

She took me in a deep kiss and we held that under the water stream. She pulled back and her devilish smile had me wondering what she had planned. 

“Whatchya hiding there?” I indicated her hidden hand. 

“Oh, you mean this?” she brought her hand out from behind her and brandished a purple vibrator. Comparing it mentally to what I knew, it looked to be about the length of James’ cock, maybe a little less than 5 inches. It was a simple cylindrical shape, rounded at one end, and with a flat base on the other.

I cocked an eye at Maya, “What are your plans for that?” I knew full well her intentions, but I wanted to hear her say them. 

“I’m gonna pay back what I owe.” I smiled and closed my eyes as Maya again started to kiss my neck. She let her free hand wander to my breast and I moaned into her as she began to massage my nipple. Her kisses and touches were much gentler today than they had been last night. I ran my hands slowly down her toned back and arms, just reveling in the feeling of her body pressed against mine. 

“Ready?” she whispered seductively in my ear and I felt the vibrator start to rumble against my thigh. 

“Yeah” I whispered hoarsely, I was getting excited and my heart was beating a little faster. Maya dragged the vibrator towards my pussy in a maddeningly slow fashion. “Come on,” I urged her. The prospect of cumming was consuming my thoughts. 

Maya just chuckled and kept her slow pace. I gasped involuntarily when the vibrator finally found its target. The plastic felt foreign, but the toy’s vibrations were incredibly pleasurable on my needy clit. Maya slowly moved the head of the toy in small circles against me. 

“You know, I was thinking,” she whispered in my ear, but never stopped her aided assault on my body. “I saw you watching Luke today...” my mind was torn between the pleasure she was giving me and the confusion at where she was going with this.

“I...” I started, but she quickly silenced me with a kiss. 

“No, let me talk,” her voice was hot and seductive in my ear, and just loud enough for me to hear her over the rush of the shower. “I think he’s so hot, and I could tell you did too.” 

Where was she going with this? I couldn’t follow the train of thought fully, because I could feel an orgasm beginning to build deep within me. 

“He told me before we left he thought you were sexy too...and I’ll be honest its always kind of been our fantasy to have a threesome...” Was she really suggesting what I thought she was? All that was in my head now were visions of Luke and Maya both pleasuring me. 

“Maya...” I moaned. I was getting so close to cumming.

“I want you to cum Cailyn, think about Luke’s big cock hitting all the right spots. And I want your head between my legs baby while he’s doing it. Using that incredible tongue on my pussy.” Maya’s words fed the imagery in my mind and drove me over the top. 

I began to climax on the vibrator and my already weakened legs gave out as I shook with waves of pleasure. I gasped for air and fell into Maya’s arms as I returned to earth after my orgasmic high. Maya shut the vibrator off and held me as I recovered. It took me a second to regain my strength enough to stand on my own. 

We showered mostly in silence after that. I hoped she would speak first and address whether it was just fantasy, or if she was implying we follow through. I think Maya wanted me to be the first to talk in order to gauge my reaction to her sordid dirty talk. I couldn’t stand the suspense and as we toweled off I broke the silence.

“So...” I began, hoping she would take the reigns from me. She just eyed me inquisitively. “Were you just...how do I say this? Was that just talk?” 

She eyed me for a second. Her face gave away nothing and I wasn’t sure what she was going to say. “Was it hot?” she asked finally.

After an initial pause, I decided honesty was best with her. “I mean...yeah” I said shyly. Her smile indicated she was pleased with my answer. 
