 Synopsis of Chapter 02

Marg had returned to her old hometown to find a care home for her aging father. She discovered that his doctor had been her first lover and they soon decided to relive that experience. He invited her to join him at his summer home for dinner and a night of lovemaking and sex. They had enjoyed both. The dinner had been prepared and served by a young couple, Leo and Ilsa, who were also caretakers of this old and elegant home. After dinner, Marc had asked Leo to heat up the sauna and invited he and Ilsa to join them there later. It was close to midnight as Marc and Marg found their way down to the sauna house.

Chapter 03

Marc and Marg removed their robes in the vestibule of the sauna house before entering the heating chamber to a blast of hot moist air. It was eerily quiet inside the heavily insulated chamber, the only light emanating from a single yellow bulb. Marc stooped to throw some cold water on the hot stones before settling down beside Marg on the lower of two bench seats. 

"When we want more heat, we can move to the higher bench," he said. Marg relaxed, allowing the steamy heat to permeate every part of her naked body. She was not particularly aroused at this point, despite the presence of a naked man beside her, a man who had pleasured her just hours previous. They toasted each other with cold champagne. 

She looked at Marc and said, "What are you expecting when your friends join us? I am not comfortable with doing anything sexually with them. Is that what you are planning?"

Marc looked surprised as he responded, "Marg, I am not expecting anything in particular except a pleasant evening with you and them. There are no rules and you must do or not do anything that you wish. I'm sure that you will enjoy them; they are a fun and interesting couple. A hot sauna, champagne followed by a cold dip is all that I have planned. If you are concerned, I will turn them away when they arrive."

His response seemed quite sincere and Marg hastened to say, "No of course not, I'm not that worried, I am just a little nervous being naked in front of strangers."

"You have nothing to be nervous about. You have a beautiful body and you are a beautiful woman. You will find that being a nudist in a sauna is not necessarily all that erotic. The heat takes some of that anticipation out of a person. It will be a very relaxed atmosphere."

Marg felt reassured and settled back and closed her eyes. Marc leaned in and kissed her softly while he rolled a nipple in his fingers. Marg responded with parted lips and ready tongue.

"I thought you just said it would not be erotic," she murmured as his hand cupped her full breast.

"I lied," Marc said softly, "It is impossible for me not to be aroused near you."

Marg's legs parted with the kiss and touches, and he slipped a hot hand up along the inside of her thighs. Marg settled back with closed eyes in anticipation. She trembled as the edge of his hand brushed her slit, and his thumb caressed her mound. She slumped down more, spreading wider, wanting his fingers in her. She sucked his tongue into her mouth in encouragement, as one finger parted her pussy lips and entered. 

He whispered, "Get on the top bench."

She did as told, pulling herself backwards and up to the higher bench as he moved between her legs. He knelt on the lower bench and raised her legs over his shoulders, and kissed his way down her inner thighs to her swollen pussy lips. His tongue ran along her slit as she spread her knees widely. 

"Ah God Marc, you know what happened last time, you will make me come," she groaned, all the while adjusting herself to receive him. The only sound was the hiss of the sauna and their own breathing, soon followed by the wet noise of his tongue lashing her slit from butt hole to clit.

She grabbed his head and rubbed her pussy on his face, ready to get off. Suddenly however, he lifted off of her and smiled upwards, "Needed to warm you up in a hurry." He climbed up beside her and pulled her to him, his hands roaming her hot naked body. She tasted her pussy on his lips and tongue.

The door of the sauna opened and the naked young couple entered with a smile. They seemed quite relaxed as they tried not to be too obvious viewing Marg's nakedness. She hastened to lift one arm to shield her breasts while closing her legs. She realized that it was a futile gesture and soon eased off.

Ilsa was even more impressive naked than when dressed. Her body was firm and trim, almost muscular, and her firm tits perched high up on her chest. She had a beautiful round ass and hips framing a shaved mound. She was very attractive but strangely did not arouse Marg's interest in an erotic sense. Marg had always recognized that only certain women accomplished that and for no particular physical reason that she could figure out.

Leo was also very well built, and it was obvious that both of them worked out and trained. His muscles were long and lithe rather than bunched and thick. His butt and thighs were hard and firm, two features that Marg favored in a man. He was bent down adding more water to the hot stones and she held her breath waiting for him to turn around. She was ready to be impressed following Marc's suggestive comment earlier about Leo's package.

Her eyes lowered quickly as he did turn, fastening on his cock as he swung around. It was big despite not being erect. Marg decided that it was about the size of her neighbor Doug's cock. She had first seen Doug's through their bedroom window one night, and for some months had fantasized about having it in her. He had fucked her during a threesome with his wife Mary Ellen. She sniggered nervously to herself, 'been there, done that' as she recalled the feel Doug's big shaft in her.

Marg peeled her eyes off of Leo's cock and looked up to meet his eyes. He smiled easily, comfortable in the knowledge that he had caught her attention. 

Marc leaned in, kissed her on the neck and then whispered in her ear, "What do you think?"

Marg answered with an "Hmm, kind of eye catching isn't it."

The application of the water had raised another cloud of steam as Ilsa and Leo joined them on the top bench. The two ladies were on the inside. After a few attempts to keep space between their hips, the ladies just smiled and relaxed and were soon rubbing on each other.

Leo brought up the champagne bottle and the four of them turned towards each other for a toast and a kiss. Ilsa's lips were soft and gentle on Marg's, as if not pressing the issue. Leo's were bold and demanding, he quickly circling her lips with his tongue. Marg felt relaxed despite her early discomfort. 'What the hell' she thought, 'what happens happens'.

Leo sensed an easing in Marg's feelings about him. She had not been overly friendly when they first entered, but their eyes locked occasionally and he was certain there was interest building. He, Ilsa and Marc had been down this road before, and Leo had much the same outlook towards extra marital and group sex, as did Marc. 

It was pleasure only. He had watched Marc mount his wife Ilsa several times and enjoyed the pleasure that she received. And in return, Leo had fucked some of the ladies that had accompanied Marc in the past. Marc often brought women here if he believed that they might be accepting of group sex. 

And Leo did want this one. He and Ilsa had watched the live video stream from the bedroom earlier when Marc had licked and fucked Marg. He loved the abandoned manner with which she had responded to Marc. Nothing held back, just give and take sex. He caught her eye again, and allowed his to wander down to her tits and pussy to return to her fixed gaze. It might take a while, but he was going to nail her.

Marg noted that both men now had burgeoning erections. Both she and Ilsa had fingers in there pussies as the men leaned over them. Marg felt her loins heat and weaken as Marc's fingers teased and aroused her while Ilsa stared at her tits. Leo's cock was now at full mast, jutting up along his belly and past his belly button. Marg's pussy clenched Marc's fingers as Ilsa reached back and took firm hold of Leo's big cock. Without looking, she did the same for Marc, grasping his throbbing cock just behind the knob and squeezing gently but firmly. He moaned.

Ilsa could no longer contain herself, still holding Leo's cock she bent down and sucked Marg's nipple. Marg almost passed out at the eroticism around her. The sights and sounds, the feel of four people getting ready to fuck was overwhelming.

Marc reached across Marg and joined Leo's fingers working in Ilsa's pussy. Marg whispered, "You want some of that don't you. You want in her."

Marc drove his finger up Ilsa's pussy and breathed in Marg's ear, "Yes, very much, are you okay with me playing with her?"

Marg's attention was now fixed on Leo's engorged cock, the red knob jutting out from Ilsa's fist. "Yes, do what you want, this is crazy, but fun, want to watch you fuck her."

Without words, Marc and Leo rose to exchange places on each side of the women. Marc sat beside Ilsa and pulled her to him, burying his face between her tits as one knee pushed up between her legs to rub on her pussy as she lifted it over his hip. 

Leo was much more circumspect, sitting down without grabbing at her; he was going to wait for signs of Marg's interest before making a move. He poured more champagne and they toasted each other again. They could hear the sounds of his wife being mauled by their landlord. He reached down for a dipper of cold water and poured it over his head. And then playfully, poured some on Marg's tits.

Marg was torn between watching the struggles beside them and the growing signs of Leo's lust for her. He made his first move as Marc began to go down on Ilsa, assuming the position he had done with Marg minutes earlier.

"He is one pussy hound isn't he? Never seen a man who loved to go down on a woman as much as he," Leo whispered as he slipped two fingers along each side of Marg's slit rubbing and caressing erotically.

Marg turned to him while allowing her legs to be spread. 'God,' she thought, 'did not think I would let him at me, but I want it now.' Out loud she said, "He's good, knows how to please a woman." They kissed and she reached down between them to slide her open palm down the bottom of his long shaft. "But there are other ways," she murmured as she wrapped her hand part way around his cock. To herself once more, 'This will be a challenge.' 

Marc had taken Ilsa to the edge with his tongue and lips and was now positioned behind her, her knees on the lower bench and bracing herself on the upper one. He was hunched up behind her and working his cock into her, clutching her tits as he worked away, his mouth roaming the back of her neck and upper arms. 

To Marg, it was all so surreal, pale yellow light in a steamy room. A pair of sweating naked people groping and grunting like animals, totally oblivious to anything but their own lust. And Marg holding a cock, spreading her legs to allow this guy to finger her cunt, and wondering if this was just a fantasy.

But one could not fantasize the look in Leo's eyes. A predator who knew the prey was his. Wild and beyond control, they spoke volumes about what was going to happen shortly.

There was really only one way to fuck in the confines of the steam room, what with another couple flailing away beside them. Leo pulled Marg to her feet in a not too gentle fashion, turned her around to assume the same doggy style position as his wife and quickly slid his big cock between her legs. He rubbed the shaft along her slit, back and forth, preparing it for entry. He fondled her ass cheeks, rubbing them and reddening them with slaps. He felt her straighten as if unsure of what was happening. He quickly worked his knob into her hole, felt her stiffen once more before relaxing and adjusting to receive him.

Leo loved this part, the feel of a tight pussy as it adjusted to him, fucking her a little with his knob, pressing harder to get in deeper, parting the folds and gaining a little depth with each thrust. He knew she was ready for more, could feel her cunt relaxing and opening and he proceeded to fuck his way into her, gaining more depth with each stroke.

He was all in her now, and his belly was slapping against her ass, faster and harder. As he felt his cum column building he reached up and grabbed her wet hair to gain traction to drive it deeper. He had the feeling that he was boring a hole in hot flesh. 

Beside them, Marc had pulled his cock out of Ilsa, still oozing cum; both of them frozen still while watching Leo plunder Marg's pussy. Marg was oblivious to anything else, crying and moaning as Leo's big cock swooped in and out of her like a very big banana. Her head shook each time his thighs slapped against her ass.

Marg had not counted on this sort of experience. She was much more attuned to slow erotic kissing and touching while fucking. This was animal sex and she had a violent ass clenching orgasm as Leo thrashed away at her. She lost awareness for a short time, her arms collapsing and her body pressed against the bench. She was just trying to protect herself from injury now, pushing her hands against the edge of the bench. A massive grunt from Leo, his cock jammed deep in her, and two or three belts of hot cum seared the inside of her tender vagina, and it was over.

Well, not really over, just reduced in frenzy; Leo continuing to slide his cock in and out, holding Marg's back tight against him. He kissed her neck and shoulders, his first real sign of tenderness. Finally he pulled out and collapsed on the bench.

Marg straightened up as well, turning to sit again to find Ilsa once more at her side. They smiled weakly at each other, bodies still heaving a little, and both with cum running down their legs.

"Cool off time," cried Marc, taking Marg's hand and leading her outside to jump into the lake, soon followed by Ilsa and Leo. They stood in chest high water, exclaiming about the change in body temperature, but all a little too embarrassed to talk much about what had just happened.

Marg's other group experience had been with people that she knew quite well. The sudden erotic coupling with a man she had not previously known was a little unsettling. Marc realized that she was not comfortable and suggested they return to the house. 

They stood inside her bedroom and kissed softly. "May I sleep with you tonight?" he asked, "You seem a little distant now. I had hoped that you would enjoy the pleasure in the sauna, but you seem subdued. I hope that you are not offended."

She kissed him softly and said, "Nothing happened that I did not want to happen, and I did enjoy the sex. I guess it just happened so quickly that I was not really prepared for it. But I am worn out now, and would prefer to sleep alone. Maybe you can come in the morning and wake me."

Marc smiled and said, "Sounds like a plan. I loved our evening together. Will wake you for breakfast." A kiss and he was gone.

Marg had a quick shower and dried off. She was glad that Marc had understood her feelings. She hurt a little from Leo's violent fucking. Why did men with big cocks always think they had to prove it? He had reminded her of her neighbor Doug. Very little preamble or foreplay, climb on and fuck until you cum, then pull out and do something else. She much preferred the approach of her husband and Marc. Slow and gentle, drag the pleasure out until you lost it and then cuddle afterwards.

She pulled on a robe and settled into bed, sitting with her back to the headboard, and called home. Time difference would make it late evening for her husband Jim.

"Hi baby," Jim said, "How was your day?"

"It was all very elegant and erotic for the most part," Marg responded. "Marc makes love like you do, lots of touching and kissing, and long lasting love making. He was very tender and affectionate."

Jim replied, "I knew that you believed that he was a nice man, or you would not have entertained the thought of screwing him. But you did say, 'for the most part', was there something not so nice that happened?"

Marg paused for a minute, trying to decide how to explain the sauna experience, and then said, "Well, to be blunt, we ended up the evening in a sauna, and the caretaker fucked me. He was built something like Doug if you know what I mean."

Jim answered, "You don't sound as if you enjoyed it. Tell me though, did you get off?"

Marg laughed, "Yes I did, big time, but it was just too damn physical. I have a sore pussy now."

"Damn baby, we do have some stories to swap. Can hardly wait until you are home in bed with me. I have a few stories about Mary Ellen and her big white tits to talk about as well."

Marg said goodnight, settled down to the sleep of the exhausted. The sun was just rising above the horizon next morning when she realized there was somebody in bed with her. Her ass was nestled in against a warm belly, and a hot hard cock rubbed the back of her legs. Fingers were working one nipple and a warm mouth was kissing the back of her neck and below her ears.

Marc whispered, "Let's shower before breakfast. Must hurry though, we only have about an hour, and there are so many things I want to do with you."

Marg reached behind her, found his hard cock and moved it between her legs. They both groaned as the knob slid along the length of her slit. 

"Fuck me first," she moaned.