 There she was. Reading erotic stories, and rubbing her pussy.

This had become an every day, thing lately, and she didn't know, and really didn't care. She loved bringing herself to orgasm, while reading hot erotic stories. 

She read a lot of different stories, but the ones with groups, or reluctance, turned her on the most. She had never actually had sex that way, but has always fantasized about it. The thought of being used and forced by a man, or men always made her pussy moist, wet and very sensitive. 

After reading a very hot story, about a woman being used by a group of horny old men, she was ready to bust. She needed to cum so bad. Her thoughts trailed off to her being the woman in the story. Having a group of old men use her. None of them less than 60 years old, and perverted and nasty. That fantasy always made her cum, hard and strong.

When she finally snapped out of it, she realized, she was already late for her meeting, and had to get going. She showered, and got ready, and walked out the door, still living her fantasy in her head.

She got into her car, and pulled away from her house, still fantasizing about being a whore. Her meeting was about an hour away, at some new complex, in the middle of nowhere. 

The beginning of her fantasy begins with her car breaking down, in a small mid western town. She pulls up into a small service center, with smoke coming form under the hood of her car. An older man about 65, or so, comes walking to her car. 

She gets out of the car, and his eyes go straight to her breasts. Her nipples became hard, being turned on by the perverted way he was looking at her.

"Afternoon Ma'am, what can I do for you?"

"Seems something is wrong with my car. Are you a mechanic?"

"Yes Ma'am I am."

"Can you fix my car for me?"

"Sure, no problem, but it won't be cheap."

"Oh my, I don't have much money."

"No problem Ma'am, I am sure you can pay another way."

"What do you mean by that?" she asked, now getting scared.

"Well, I can't have the car ready until tomorrow anyway, and I am sure you will need a place to stay for the evening, being that you spent all your money on fixing the car."

"Yes, I suppose I will."

"You can stay at my place for the evening, on one condition."

"What's that?" "You do whatever I want, to pay off the rest of the payment for the car."

"I can't do that!"

"Ok Ma'am, but your car isn't going anywhere, unless I fix it. I am not fixing it, if you don't do this."

"That's not fair!"

"It may not be, but that's the way it is."

"Okay, I will do it."

"Good, then from now on your name is whore or slut, or whatever degrading name I want to call you. Is that understood?"

"Yes."

"When you answer me, it will be, Yes Sir, understood?"

"Yes Sir."

"Good whore." 

He closed up the shop for the evening. The part for her car would not be delivered for a week, but he didn't tell her that. They jumped in his truck, and drove off.

She felt the old fuck staring her down, as she looked out the window. She couldn't believe she had agreed to this. Now she was scared, but also feeling her pussy getting wet. Her panties became moist, and she shifted in her seat. 

"You are going to make a sweet piece of meat, sweetie."

"Excuse me?" she gasped.

"Oh yes, whore. You are just a piece of meat to me. A place for my cock, and I am going to use all your holes tonight."

"Oh no, please, don't do that!"

"Don't worry, you dirty whore, your cunt will be cumming all night, well when I let you of course"

Those words rang in her ears. She wanted it. She wanted to be used by this old man. She wanted to be his whore, and obey him. 

They pulled into a long dirt driveway. It seemed to go on forever, then she saw a huge old, run down house, at the top of the driveway.

He pulled up to the front door, and got out. He walked around and opened her door. "Let's go bitch, get inside."

She jumped out of his truck, and followed him through the front door. 

The house was old, and dusty, and not very clean. "Go upstairs and shower. When you are done, come back down here, completely nude."

"Yes Sir."

She did as she was told, and went up the stairs to the bathroom. 

She turned on the water as hot as she thought she could stand it, and stepped under the water. It was wonderful. So relaxing. It made her feel she could do this, and get her car tomorrow and leave. "I can do this" she repeated to herself. 

After spending enough time in the shower, she turned off the water. She grabbed a towel off the rack, and stepped out of the shower. She dried herself off, and headed back downstairs.

When she entered the room this time, she was completely naked. Exposed for the dirty old man, sitting naked, in front of her. 

"Mmmm, good slut, you have done well so far."

He was stroking his cock, and admiring the beautiful woman in front of him. He had a lot of fun plans for them, in the days to come. 

"Get on your knee's whore!"

She dropped to her knees, more because his voice scared her. He sounded violent, and more demanding. She second guessed her thought, on whether she could handle this or not,

"Crawl over to me, and kneel between my legs."

She did as she was told, and kneeled between his legs, until his cock was right in front of her face. He continued to stroke it for her.

"You like that cock bitch?"

"Yes Sir." Oh God, how could she have said that? What was she doing? 

"Put your hand around my cock."

She reached over and grabbed his now, very hard cock, in her hand. She had never seen a cock so big. It looked to be maybe 10 inches. She began licking her lips when she saw his massive cock.

"Oh yes bitch, lick those lips. Do you want to suck my cock, bitch?"

"Oh yes Sir!"

"Open your mouth wide, my little whore."

"Yes Sir."

Her mouth opened wide. Opening for the old man that was going to use her any way he wanted. The only problem is, was that she was enjoying it all. Knowing that an old man, a dirty nasty old man, was going to use her. She would be his fucktoy, and she wanted it all.

"Lick my cock."

She slid her tongue, up and down the shaft of his huge dirty cock. He smelled like he hadn't showered in a week. The stench would have normally made her gag, but she knew she wanted cock. At this point it didn't matter whose cock. She knew that when she felt so slutty this way, she would need to get fucked, and used. 

He began moaning, at the touch of her tongue. He wanted his whole cock in her mouth. He wanted to make her a dirty whore. She was obviously enjoying it so far, so he figured he could do anything. And she will soon find out he does.

"Suck on my balls my sweet slut."

She began licking his balls, now getting used to his smell. She licked all over them, making dirty slurping sounds. "Oh yes, you sound like such a whore down there, baby."

She was thinking the same thing, when he spoke. She sounded like a greedy whore, licking and sucking on his balls. It gave her a feeling inside her stomach, which she couldn't explain. Hearing herself being a whore, made her pussy dripping wet. 

He grabbed her by her hair, and pulled her head up. She moaned in disappointment. "Don't worry whore. This is only the beginning." He kissed her deep on the lips, pushing his tongue into her mouth. She felt his tongue rape her mouth, and his hands began to pinch her nipples. She still wanted more. 

He squeezed her hard nipples, until she screamed. "Are you going to do whatever I tell you to?"

"Yes Sir."

"No matter what it is?"

"Yes Sir." 

"Do you enjoy being my whore?"

"Yes Sir."

"Good, now open your mouth, and suck my cock."

She took his big cock into her waiting mouth. The minute she felt him inside her mouth, she almost came. She loved the feeling of a nice, hard, cock violating her mouth. She wanted him to violate every one of her holes.

"C'mon, a whore like you, can suck cock better than that!"

She began sucking his cock faster. She grabbed his cock with her hand, and was stroking his cock while she sucked it. Then she started to rub his balls, softly as he fucked her mouth.

"Get up on all fours, on the bed."

She climbed up on the bed, and bent over like the whore she was. She spread her leg's really wide, and stuck her ass up in the air. She was completely exposed for him. She was giving herself to him, and had no idea why, but she felt she wanted to.

He laid down on his back, with his head opposite hers. "Don't move whore, no matter what."

"Yes Sir."

She felt his hand inside her thigh. Moving up, until he reached her completely shaved pussy. 

"Mmmmm I like a bald pussy, very good slut."

"Yes Sir, thank you Sir."

She felt his fingers separate her lips. "You dirty little slut. Your pussy is soaking wet."

"Yes Sir."

"You are enjoying this too much." With that he rammed two fingers deep inside her wet hole. 

She loved being fingered. It turned her on more than anything else. Well, not spankings, she really loved those. 

When he saw she was still enjoying this, he shoved four fingers into her. With that she screamed, and he knew he had accomplished what he wanted. He began fingering her furiously, sliding almost his whole hand in and out of her. She was dripping wet, and he loved it. 

Hearing her scream, and moan, made his cock so hard. He almost couldn't stand the pressure building up inside him. It took everything he had not to throw her on the bed and fuck her, like the whore she was showing she was. 

But he had a better idea. He wanted to make her scream, and beg for more. He decided he was going to put his whole hand in her, and fisted her. He wasn't sure how she would react to this. He thought it would be best if he tied her to the bed, so he could use her any way HE wanted.

"Lay down on you back on the bed."

She jumped up onto the bed, excited about what was coming next. She knew he was a perverted old man, who liked to treat women like fuck meat. She decided that she would be the dirtiest whore she could be. Mostly because she wanted to get out alive. But a small part of her wanted to do it, because she wanted it. She wanted to be treated like his personal whore, and forced to do nasty, dirty things. 

He tied her wrists to the headboard, and tied her legs to the footboard, by her ankles. He left some extra rope so she could bring her legs up, and he could have full access to his beautiful whore. 

Being tied up, and helpless, to this man that only looked at her as a fuck hole, sent pulsations to her pussy. A feeling that she had never felt before, but didn't want it to end. She wanted all of this. No matter what she tried to convince herself, of doing this to get out alive. It was all just a lie, she was telling herself. She was actually there, because she wanted to be, and no other reason. It may have started out differently, but now at this moment, she wanted to be his toy. 

He looked down at his slut, all tied up and all just for him. He rubbed his hands over her breasts, making her nipples hard. He took one nipple in between his thumb and forefinger, and pinched her ever so lightly. The moan that escaped from her mouth, told him she wanted more. He pinched her again, and this time a bit harder than the last. She just kept moaning. When he pinched with all his strength, she screamed. 

"That's it bitch! I want you to scream!"

"Ooohhhhhh! Yes Sir!"

"Tell me what you are bitch"

"I am a dirty whore Sir."

"Tell me who owns you slut!"

"You do Sir! You own me Sir!"

As he continued to abuse her tits, slapping them, and pinching them, his hand slid down her stomach. He rubbed one finger on her clit. Soft, then hard, making her squirm on the bed. Being tied up, she couldn't squirm too much. She could feel her orgasm building up inside of her. He could tell she badly needed to cum.

"This is not for your pleasure whore, you better not cum!"

"Yes Sir."

He slid three fingers into her dripping wet cunt, violating, and taking ownership to her wet hole. "Who does this pussy belong to?"

"It belongs to you Sir'"

he slid another finger inside her. By now she was humping his hand like a true slut. She was pushing her pussy down on his hand, fucking his hand and begging for more.

"Oh yes Sir, please don't stop!"

"You don't tell me what to do! You are my fucktoy, and I will stop and start when I want, and do whatever I please." "Is that understood?"

"Yes Sir, understood."

He figured he would teach her a lesson. He needed her to know he was in charge. He needed her to know, she was nothing more than his plaything. As he fingered her, he decided one way to show her would be to fist her. 

He made a fist, and slowly started to slide his fist inside her. He watched as her pussy stretched, and listened as she begged him to stop.

"What the hell is he doing?" she asked herself. She felt something really big, and wide slipping into her tight hole. "What is that?" her panicky voice asked.

"I'm going to slide my fist inside your cunt, and you will shut up and take it!"

She couldn't believe it. She didn't want this. She wanted to leave now, but all she could manage was a "Yes Sir."

She felt her pussy stretching to limits it had never been. She could not believe the feeling of fullness, and pain, and pleasure. She felt his fist enter her pussy, and he began moving his hand around inside her wetness. He started pumping her, and she was screaming. Only she knew that they were screams of pleasure.

She needed to cum. She wanted to ask him if she could, but was afraid to. She was his whore, and he would let her know, when she would be allowed to cum. She didn't know how much longer she could keep this up. Having this dirty old man, use her like this. She felt as if she was losing herself, and screamed one last time, before she passed out. 

When she did, he took his hand out of her pussy real slow. His hand was dripping wet, with her sweet slut juice. He licked it all of, and decided to let her rest for now. He had a lot planned for her that evening, and had to get things ready anyway. He covered her tied up body with a blanket, and for the first time noticed how beautiful she really was. 

She had fallen off to sleep for about two hours. She awoke to a bunch of voices. She opened her eyes, but saw nothing. She realized she had a blindfold on, so she strained to hear the voices. She heard Sir's voice, and assumed, after listening, that there were maybe three, or four other men, in the room.

"What's going on?" she screamed.

She felt a hard smack come down on her left breast. The pain was incredible, but she kept quiet. She wanted to find out what was going on.

All of a sudden, she felt hands all over her. She heard the men grunting as they grabbed every part of her. She felt someone grabbing at her tits, pinching her nipples, and two hands working on her pussy. She felt fingers sliding in and out of her, making her moan, which only made the group of men want her more. 

"I think we should let her watch us using her!" one of them shouted.

She then felt someone removing her blindfold. When her eyes focused the scene in front of her, she was shocked. There were 4 men, including her original attacker, standing around her. They all seemed to be no younger than 60, and they were fat, and dirty. They had a hungry look on their face as they looked at her tied up. 

"These are my friends, and they are going to use you."

Here it was. Her ultimate fantasy. She had always dreamed of being used by a group of men. She knew at that moment, she was going to do whatever they wanted, and she would enjoy every minute of it.

"Yes Sir."

"See guys, I told you she was a real slut."

She watched as one man walked to the side of the bed, and tied a scarf around her mouth, to gag her. They weren't afraid of anyone hearing them, since they're wasn't anyone else for miles. The gag was just because, they liked to hear the sound of a woman screaming, and begging while gagged. It made them feel as if they were taking her against her will. They were all very horny, perverted men, and they loved it rough. She would soon realize just how rough they liked it.

She watched as they all started to undress. Her pussy began throbbing, knowing they were all going to use her, and fuck her. She wanted them to take turns using her, and she wanted it rough.

The first man undressed walked over to her, and began rubbing her breasts. Squeezing gently, making her nipple very hard. He took her nipple between his index finger, and thumb. He pinched her so hard. Her screams, muffled by the gag.

She felt the pain shoot through her body, and she began to get very wet. She wanted more, she needed more.

Another man walked over to her, and started pinching her other nipple, just as hard. The feeling of having both her nipples abused, made her body shake, and buck. The harder they pinched the wider she spread her legs.

"Oh wow guys! Look at the dirty slut, spreading her legs for us!" one of them said.

She then felt someone ram their fingers inside her, now, dripping wet pussy. She wasn't sure how many fingers, but it felt like three. She began to buck up and down, on whoever's fingers that were deep inside her. "She knew she had two men abusing her nipples, and one man finger fucking her pussy, so where was the fourth guy?" she thought to herself.

Just then, someone grabbed her hair, and jerked her head to the side, and removed the gag. She felt a hard cock, shoved into her mouth. She couldn't take it anymore, she came all over the stranger's fingers. Her juices flowed all over his hands, and dripped down her ass, and onto the bed. She could not believe how much she came. She had never felt an orgasm like that, in her whole life.

The stranger pulled his fingers out and yelled "The bitch came!"

All of a sudden she felt hands smacking her tits. "Who told you to cum slut?" Sir asked, as her continued to smack her. The harder the smacks got, the more she felt she would cum again. He must have sensed that because her stopped smacking her. Instead he fucked her mouth violently, grabbing the back of her head, and force fucking her mouth. 

"Suck it bitch!"

She mumbled what was supposed to be "Yes Sir." She didn't want to stop sucking on his cock. She loved feeling like such a whore for men. She didn't ever think that she would enjoy sucking cock so much. The feeling of a hard cock, going in an out of her mouth, was a glorious feeling. 

Sir pulled his cock out of her mouth. "You ready to take turns sucking cock, my little cock sucking slut?" "Yes Sir."

"If we untie you will you behave, and do as you're told?"

"Yes Sir, I will behave." She had no intentions of leaving now.

As she felt the restraints being removed, she thought, about how it was going to feel, as she took turns servicing these perverts. She couldn't wait to find out. 

"Get up and get on your knees slut."

She got up slowly, trying to get her limbs, working right again. Being tied up all that time made her a little stiff.

She got on her knees, and their cocks surrounded her. This was the first time she saw, any of the other cocks. They all looked huge. They were at least ten inches, like Sir's. She couldn't believe she was calling him Sir in her thoughts. 

She was in heaven with these four cocks. The first old man, looked about 65 or so, and loved to talk nasty. 

"You like my big cock, you dirty whore?"

"Yes this whore does."

"Open your mouth."

Her mouth opened real wide, hoping to accommodate this monster cock aiming for her mouth. She didn't realize how fat his cock was, until it filled her mouth. It stretched her mouth, to it's limit. All she could think about was how this cock was going to stretch her pussy. 

"Oh yeah baby, suck my dirty cock!"

Servicing cock like this, was making her very hot. She wanted to service men like this as much as she could. 
