 Chapter 4

The past two weeks had been grueling. Seamus was getting regular head and his wife Cleo was doing a damn fine job at stopping just short of him cumming. He would then have to watch as she got herself off with a 7" dildo. She seemed to enjoy the torture too much. About a week into this ordeal, Cleo had sucked and licked until his cock was a nice shade of reddish, purple. It was throbbing and aching and his balls hurt. He had listened and not touched himself, but was about to explode. As his wife got out her dildo and began to tease the entrance to her wet love tunnel, he began to moan. At first it was in pain then it began to be in pleasure. The slurping of her wet cunt taking the dildo was turning him on even more as he leid there helpless and in need. As Cleo watched his hard cock get harder she began to fuck herself harder. She was burying the dildo deep in her pussy then toying with her g-spot. She began to pant and her pussy was creaming as she experienced something new. Mid-orgasm her pussy exploded, squirting liquid nearly across the room. She was surprised as she had never squirted this hard before and as she looked over, Seamus' face showed relief as she looked down at what used to be her husband's cock and now could only be explained as volcanic. He spewed with cum as some strands shot straight in the air almost 12 inches from his 6 inch dick. Other strings of cum were just oozing out like a lava path going down to his abdomen. What he was not ready for was what happened next. Cleo who was not overly fond of cum, sauntered over and began to lick him clean. Next thing he knew it was two hours later and he had passed out.

Cleo said "glad you finally rejoined the living, I thought you were a goner after that orgasm." She continued with a twinkle in her eye, "I have some special plans for you for tomorrow night!" 

His response was, "Oh yeah what's up?"

"Well we are going to see a friend, so no more orgasms until tomorrow and make sure you are ready for some fun" was the response.

The next day they got into their car and Cleo said she would drive, she made Seamus put on a blindfold and began driving. When the car stopped he knew they had been driving for about 30 minutes, he had lost all sense of direction though. Cleo came to the passenger side of the car and told him to come with her but leave the blindfold on. He was put on the bed with one set of instructions, "take all of your clothes off but leave the blindfold on."

He laid there nude with a semi-hardon for what felt like forever. Finally, he felt the bed move, a form crawled up to his feet, then his waist. They stopped there and gave his cock a little lick. It instantly sprang to life and he felt welt lips form around his cock. He was sure this was his wife, as it felt like her blow job. The next thing he felt was the bed to his right move like someone was on it. The someone moved closer to him and mounted his face and before covering his ears he heard a simple command "EAT!" Seamus did not recognise this voice or the taste of the pussy. But he happily began eating the pussy. He felt what he was still sure to be his wife change positions and slide her pussy down his amply hard cock. He then felt as though the two women were kissing. He was going wild as this was his fantasy threesome. His wife masterfully slid up and down his hard cock then sat all the way down and grinded. He felt her orgasm begin to build and he felt a surge of liquid puddle around the base of his cock. He knew she had just cum, not like the day before but he could tell she had let out some fluid. The pussy on his face began to hump his mouth and at one point he had his tongue in the vagina and his nose was rubbing her taint. He felt the muscles clench and felt a hand working the clit above his chin. 

At this point the two women switched places and once his wife was sitting on his face he knew it was Cleo. He would recognise her scent and taste anywhere. She rocked forward so that his tongue was on her clit and his nose was rubbing her pussy hole and piss hole. The pussy that was on his face was now riding his cock and he was about to blow. His wife yelled "don't you fucking cum yet!" He held back and breathed into her cunt to stop the orgasm. He felt the cunt on his cock start to tighten and heard a moan then his wife squirted in his face. He loved the smell and taste of it. He had always wanted to have Cytherea squirt in his face but saw that a s an improbability. Now he knew what it would have felt like and he was hooked. Both women got off of him and told him he could take the blindfold off. As he sat up he took the blindfold off and could not believe his eyes. His wife and his high school crush were in bed with him, they had started to make out. 

Annette was a beautiful thing, she was Italian and only about 5'2" tall. She had nice breast, a beautiful pussy and was in killer shape. Both women were moms but you could not tell. The two were currently intertwined and kissing like they had been doing so for years, but this was at best a new thing. The two women took the position of scissoring and began to rub their hungry cunts against each other and Seamus just watched as he stroked his cock. Annette looked over and saw him stroking his cock and readjusted so that he could enter her twat. As he did so, Cleo pussy lips wrapped around his shaft as he fucked Annette. They stayed like this until the two ladies began to cum. When he felt Annette orgasm this time he could not hold back, he shot a load deep into Annette's pussy and then shoved in further. As his cum began to trickle out of Annette's pussy, Cleo began to lap it up. Annette responded with moans and Seamus responded with a hard cock. He got behind his wife and stuck his hard cock into her pussy. He fucked her until she made Annette cum then as he was cumming into her pussy, she began to cum around his cock.

The three laid down in the sweat and cum covered sheets. He had a girl on each arm and a limp, sore but happy dick. His wife simply whispered into his ear, "thank you!" They all fell asleep for the evening.