 Rachel looked at her naked body in the mirror. She cupped her breasts feeling their weight as they rested in her hands. Then she allowed her hands to explore each inch of her skin, as she did so her eyes devoured the details and she seemed to think deep thoughts as she did so. This examination was not sexual but rather it was to gather information for her peace of mind.

Had a man watched her he would have told her that for a woman of forty-two she looked hot, if he was naked he might have pointed to his cock which would have been semi-hard. He would have combed his hand through her mouse-brown hair and looked into her brown eyes and told her that she had the softest and most seductive eyes he may have been lucky to have seen, that her lips begged to be kissed and that the dimples on her cheeks were just lovely. 

Sure she had boobs that were a little soft and spongy but she wasn't a twenty year old and they hadn't dropped to her waist. More he would have loved to wrap his lips over her prominent brown nipples and devour them, By now he would have been very aroused and would have wanted to get her to bed. He might have traced the stretch lines over her belly, evidence that she had given birth to two children but the belly itself was hard beneath the skin. Her hips were full and curved delightfully about her trimmed bush of brown hair. The woman might have laughed as the man kissed along the outside of her hips and she would have remarked that she worked hard at the gym to stop her body from getting fat. 

Like all women she would have pointed out the fat that pocketed her thighs when she squeezed it not realising that when she stood straight her legs were curved in a very arousing way. Looking at her bum she would have thought it fat where the man would have thought it something beautiful to touch. 

So like all women Rachel believed her body was imperfect and that it was not as good as other women she saw around the school and shops. It had been over six years since a man had made love to her. Ever since her ex had run off to be with his nineteen year old lover. They had been tough years looking after her children and establishing a business. Six years to create the myth that she was old and any man would want a young girl instead of her.

Sighing she looked to the clock on the wall and thought about what she should do, work was closed for some renovations and they didn't need her there. The children were at school, the housework had been done and it was a hot summer's day. All her friends were back at work and she didn't want to go shopping. She turned back to the cupboards and began to look for clothes to wear. As she did so she pulled out a black one-piece swimsuit.

The woman's face lit up in a smile as she remembered this suit. How she had loved the beach, she didn't go to the beach anymore, with her own pool she usually wore just a thong. Then on impulse she put the suit on. It still fitted after ten years, sure it was tight and it seemed to bulge dangerously at her bum but it still felt good to have it on. It was high cut on her hip which made her legs look long and she admired how she still made the suit look good. 

A mad idea came to her, she would go to the beach, there would be no one there and she could enjoy some tanning and swimming like she did before. More she would use this suit. Once making the decision Rachel started to get ready to go. So it was with little time that she was in her car and heading for her favourite beach.

The time passed quickly and she pulled into an empty space in the beach car park. There were few cars here and when she climbed out and made her way to the beach it was mostly empty of people. Rachel made her way to the wet sand and then stripped off all her clothing except for her swimsuit. It hugged her so tightly and she found that she felt sexy like this. Slowly she promenaded away from the beach and towards the rocks about a kilometre in the distance. 

Every now and again she would stop and stretch her body understanding that she was showing off to the few men here. Then she saw the place she wanted it was smooth and protected by a number of rocks being there, it allowed her privacy but also allowed her to look down the beach. Her towel was spread quickly on the white sand and she sat down on it taking out her oil. Rachel turned the plastic bottle around remembering when it would have contained a coconut essence and she smiled as she remembered how the beach would smell of musky coconut on hot days.

Her hands rubbed the lotion into her legs and then her body until it gleamed under the sun. Looking about her position again she saw no one else and slipped the top of her suit down her body exposing her breasts and folding the thin lycra into her waistband, as she did that she pulled her bottoms firmly between her ass-cheeks so that it almost seemed that she had a g-string on. When she had been at university she would often sunbath topless as did the other girls and it had always made her feel naughty when she had done so. Rachel had especially enjoyed it when she had seen the boys around her try to hide their erections from her. Once someone had even jerked off in front of her.

Finally satisfied that she was covered in lotion she put her sunglasses on her face and lay back. Perhaps she fell asleep because when she woke she found that she could hear someone over the opposite side of the rocks and peeking through a gap between them she saw a young man and woman setting out their towels and other beach paraphernalia.

Rachel wondered what to do, it annoyed her that her isolation had been broken but she also felt as though she would like some company. As she thought she realised that it was a very hot day and she really wanted a swim. Well she would be able to show her new neighbours that she was here and she pulled the swimsuit back into place but looking at it she thought it didn't really cover much of her gleaming body at all.

Sighing the woman stood and made her way to the clear water of the sea. She wondered what the couple was doing but did not look back as she drove into the water and dove into its cool depths . When she rose to the surface she looked towards the rocks that she had come from and saw the couple watching her. Then they turned back to their towels and stripped completely naked, though far away their bodies were buffed and tanned. As Rachel watched they settled quickly and began to oil their bodies. As Rachel walked slowly back to her towel her gaze lingered long on the bodies near her. 

The man looked lean and muscular he had a body that was like those of professional bicycle racers. His dark hair was cropped short and when Rachel darted a quick glance to his cock she saw that he was shaved and circumcised, in fact his body was completely hairless except for that hair on his head. She then shot a quick look to the woman next to him and saw the blonde streaked hair, the hairless pussy and large nippled breasts. Both were as deeply tanned as Rachel.

Making her way to her towel she decided that she would also like to be naked and stripped the wet suit from her body. It felt so liberating to be naked and she rubbed the lotion into her body. As she did so she thought of the couple only six feet away from her and she felt a curiosity about them and also she had to say an arousing of her body. She hadn't felt as aroused as this for such a long time.

While she thought of the man and woman naked she imagined them fucking. She caressed her breasts and pinched her breasts as she imagined their bodies touching and his cock deep in her pussy. It felt so good to touch herself and she parted her legs and placed her hand between them. She felt the wetness of her pussy and touched the swollen crinkled lips. Closing her eyes she rubbed up and down the blood-swollen lips and felt them part allowing her to thrust a finger into the wetness inside.

"That's really hot."

Rachel's eyes shot open and she pulled herself up to see the girl from the other side of the rocks looking down at her. Rachel saw a look of sly lust cross the woman's face and she knelt next to Rachel. She opened her legs wide allowing the woman to see her shaved pussy. Rachel found that she looked at it with interest and felt the juices of her pussy flow strongly. The woman felt an intense attraction to the younger woman next to her. 

As Rachel looked at the woman's pussy she wondered what it would taste like. Though Rachel had only ever made love to men she wanted to make love to this woman. Realising that she was staring at the woman's pussy she pulled her eyes away from the smooth lips and into the face of the woman next to her. The woman looked at her and licked her lips suggestively and then smiled at Rachel.

"Why don't you join us?" 

Not even waiting for an answer she lifted Rachel to her feet and led her around the rock to her partner. As the woman followed her she carried Rachel's clothes and towels with her. The man looked up and smiled curiously at the two of them. Without a word the other woman lay the towel between her towel and the mans and she pushed and guided Rachel onto the cloth. As she did so she whispered some words to the man who smiled broadly and made room for her.

"You must be very hot, let us help you," the woman suggestively said.

While she spoke she pushed Rachel onto her back and squeezed lotion onto the woman's breasts. Fingers quickly followed and began to rub the lotion deep into her skin, then Rachel felt a second set of fingers on her breasts and she looked as the man began to play and tweak her sensitive breasts concentrating on the nipples. They pinched and expertly played with the flesh that rose and swelled with the pleasure that they were bringing to her sex-starved body. As they watched Rachel she began to squirm sensually at their tender touches to her body.

"There that is much better isn't it?" the young woman said and bent down to take the nipple into her mouth. 

Rachel groaned with pleasure as she felt the tongue play over the hard flesh and she felt her pussy grow wetter with each lick. Closing her eyes Rachel gloried in the feel of two sets of tongues licking at her breasts and felt teeth gently taking the nipples in their mouth and pulling at them. Hands pulled her legs open and she felt fingers comb through the hair on her pubis. Air touched her pussylips and it seemed to fan the fires that were deep in her groin. 

"My you are passionate aren't you, here suck on this," the woman's voice broke the silence and she touched Rachel's mouth with her nipple.

Rachel's tongue snaked out of her mouth and licked at the offered nipple. It grew hard and pressed against her tongue. Somehow Rachel sucked it into her mouth and licked and bit at the flesh. She was rewarded with the sound of obvious pleasure from the other woman. It was strange sucking on a breast but the feel of it in her mouth aroused her to a fever pitch. She must have been doing it right since the other woman groaned softly.

"Suck it, suck it!!"

As the woman fed Rachel her breast the man slipped between her legs and Rachel felt him open her wider. There was breath on her pussy-lips and she bucked wildly as he licked along the length of her wet lips. As he licked Rachel sucked even harder on the nipple in her mouth. She saw the woman next to her thrusting her finger frantically in and out of her pussy. When she saw Rachel looking at her she smiled and pulled her nipple from Rachel's mouth. It left with a pop that seemed so loud in the passion laden air. 

Then his tongue licked between the lips and Rachel felt her body shake as she came. The wave of pleasure drowned her sensations and he continued to lick at the wet pussy and she felt his fingers open her so his tongue could reach deeper into her pussy. The young woman was next to her head and she spoke into her ear.

"He's good isn't he. I cum so often when he licks my pussy. He really has a talent but it is nothing to what you will feel when he sticks his cock into you. Suck her hard she is really enjoying this dear."

If it could get any better she would have been amazed but it did get better as he started to touch Rachel's clit irregularly. Another orgasm washed through her and she felt and saw the other woman straddle her shoulders and push her firm ass back towards Rachel's face. The shaved pussy moved to Rachel's mouth. It seemed to glisten with sunlight as the juice that dripped from it glinted in the sun. The sweet fragrance it exuded made her hungry and she opened her mouth and thrust out her tongue and touched the soft, silky flesh of the offered pussy.

"Yes!!!!!" the woman shouted and settled her body over Rachel's mouth.

Once started Rachel explored each centimetre of the woman's pussy, she slipped her tongue between the lips and lapped up the rapid flowing juices. Rachel's body was burning with passion as her pussy was licked and her clit lathered to climax after climax. Her body shook with pleasure and she dived more deeply into the pussy held to her mouth. The air filled with the sound of licking and groans. 

Rachel's hands stroked along the shaking woman's body and ended at her breasts, she took the flesh firmly in her palms and fingers. Her fingers pinched and caressed the large erect nipples, she kneaded the soft flesh and felt the woman shudder as she touched and licked the clit that was at the junction of her pussy. Rachel's hand moved down the shaved skin and then found the prominent fleshy mount and circled it ruthlessly feeling the woman's womb shudder and cum flooded her mouth as she licked at the pussy dementedly.

"Fuck,fuck, fuck!!!!" the blonde woman intoned as she came. 

At some stage the man had stopped licking and sucking at her pussy. Suddenly Rachel felt her legs raised and parted as he knelt between them. He raised her hips and rested the globes of her ass in his hands. As he opened her legs he opened and pressed together her ass cheeks and she felt a strong surge of desire pass through her body.

Then she felt it, the head of his cock at the entrance of her pussy. Her whimpers of delight were muffled by the pussy pressed to her mouth. He pushed his cock slowly into her pussy stretching her pussy open. It seemed an eternity as he opened her and she gasped and drew deep breaths as he pushed ever deeper into her body. It had been so long since a man had taken Rachel that she felt tight. He drove his cock into her until his pubis rested firmly in her cum matted hair. As he drew away from her hungry pussy the woman rubbed her pussy-lips over Rachel's mouth and nose.

His cock began to piston in and out of Rachel's pussy, he rocked his cock back and forth, in and out of the hot tight hole. At first he pushed into her slowly but as his desire and passion began to rule his thoughts he thrust into her with increased speed and hardness. He pulled her harder against his body and Rachel rubbed her groin against his bare skin feeling the thrill of her clit touching his flesh. Her body shuddered as she came and then shuddered again as her orgasm rolled through her, peaked and then shot through her again. 

Usually after a single orgasm she would stop but today with this couple she felt insatiable. It was as though she was making up for all the years of poor love-making and disappointments. She thrust, licked and felt naked bodies pressed against her and it felt so good. She heard his laboured breathing and then he shouted as his cum erupted from his balls. Rachel felt his hot cum splash on her belly as he pulled his cock from her pussy and rested it on her stomach. He squeezed out each drop and the woman moved from her head allowing Rachel to see the creamy liquid drip onto her stomach.

"That was so hot," the woman said as she spooned some of the cum into her fingers and brought it to Rachel's lips. It slid down easily leaving a slightly bitter salty aftertaste. 

The three of them lay there and they allowed their bodies to rest as they spoke endearments to each other. They would stroke and touch each other as they relaxed. Rachel did not know who these people were but that did not matter after what they had done. She sat up slowly and looked at her watch and saw with dismay she had to go home to prepare to pick up the children. So she rose reluctantly getting into her swimsuit and packed her towel and gear up. As she turned to leave the other two stood and kissed her passionately and woman said.

"Will you be here tomorrow?"

Nodding her head Rachel turned for the car and home content and satisfied for the first time in years.

*

A note to the reader: This is a fantasy. No one gets pregnant or catches a disease or causes emotional hurt.

Real life is a lot different. So enjoy the story but remember to take precautions in real life.