 After my nap, I truly needed a shower. When I started getting out of bed I noticed that I had soreness in muscles that I never knew I had. I groaned getting out of bed. I went to the bathroom feeling dried cum all down my inner thigh. I stepped into the shower, and let the hot water run over my body to help ease the soreness. 

When I got out of the shower I dried off, and got dressed. I striped my bed to wash the bedding. It still smelled like sex in my room. 

I got the laundry started, and realized that I was starving. I went into the kitchen to find something to eat. While I was eating, my phone went off. When I looked at the phone it was Wayne. I got excited that he was contacting me already. I opened the text, and there were pictures of what we had done that afternoon. 

I sat there in shock of what I was seeing. He sent me pictures of Ken fucking my ass, and Mike pounding me from behind bent over the bed. There were pictures of me sucking all three of their cocks. I was flipping through the pictures, and it was starting to get me turned on all over again. 

I texted Wayne, "Wow, when are we all getting back together?"

Wayne came back with, "How about next Saturday?"

"God yes!" I text back.

"The other two want to do it again also. Do you want a forth?" Wayne asked me.

I text back, "A fourth?"

Wayne texted me back with, "Yeah I have another friend that I think you would like."

I was thinking about this, wow 4 cocks at once? Could I handle that? I sent a text back to Wayne, "Sure why not!" 

"Great I will set it up again!" He texted me in return.

Then I asked him, "When can I see just you?"

Wayne texted back with. "How about now? I'm at the dinner."

I texted back "Get over here now, the door will be open!"

"See you in a minute!" Wayne responded with.

I went to unlock the door, then I went to my bedroom to put clean bedding on it. While I was waiting, I went into the laundry room to put the wash in the dryer, Wayne came in the house. 

"Mary?" He called out.

"I'm in the laundry room." I replied.

Wayne came back to where I was. He leaned against the door frame looking at me with a cocky smile on his face. I looked over at him, and smiled back.

I closed the dryer, and got it started. Wayne walked over to me, wrapped me in his arms, and started kissing me. I was kissing him back. He moved his hands over my left breast, and pinched my nipple. I moaned.

Then he moved his hand down to my waistband of my pants. He slid his hand inside of my pants, and started rubbing my pussy. I thrust into his hand wanting more. He separated my puss-lips with his fingers to rub my clit. I was tightly hanging onto his shoulders to stay standing.

Wayne stopped kissing me for a minute, pulled my pants, and panties down to my ankles. Then he lifted me up onto the washing machine. He then pulled my pants off completely, spread my legs, and kneeled in front of me. He started licking me. I grabbed a hold of his hair.

"OH, MY GOD Wayne, that feels so fucking good!" I yelled at him. I felt him smile against me. Then he pulled me closer to the edge so my ass was hanging off a little. 

Wayne shifted so he could start licking my asshole. I screamed it felt so good. I put my feet on his shoulders so we both could be comfortable. He inserted two fingers in my pussy, and his thumb was rubbing my clit while he continued eating my ass. 

I came so hard that I squirted all over his hand. Wayne then stood up opened his pants, pulled out his cock, and thrust hard into my pussy. I wrapped my legs around his waist to pull him in as deep as I could. 

Wayne pulled up my shirt, and pulled my bra down to expose my boobs. He then was sucking, and lightly biting my nipples. I threw my head back. Moaning, and telling him not to stop. 

We continued screwing for 15 minutes, I could tell when Wayne was ready to cum. He started thrusting harder, and deeper. He was grunting, and moaning. "I am going to fill your pussy up so full. Are you ready for my load?" He asked.

"Yes, cum inside me I want you to fill me up!" I replied in a loud voice.

A few more thrusts, and Wayne came which caused me to have a huge orgasm. Wayne put his head on my shoulder while his cock was still inside me. We both were breathing hard, and trying to catch our breath.

Wayne started talking, "Damn, women you are going to be the death of me." Then he told me, "I have not fucked this much in one day in a very long time. Thank you."

I laughed, and responded to him, "Death of you what about me?" I was still laughing, and telling him, "I am sore on top of sore in places I did not even know existed!"

We were both laughing. "I need to go get cleaned up a little, help me down?" I asked him.

Wayne lifted me down, and followed me to the bathroom to get cleaned up. After we both were cleaned up we got dressed, and went to sit on the couch. Wayne pulled me into him to cuddle, and I put my head on his shoulder. We both sat there very content.

"So, you have another friend you want to bring over?" I asked him.

Wayne chuckled, and replied, "Yeah, he's older than me, and I know you are into the older men."

"What's his name, and what's he like?" I asked him.

"Let's see, I believe he is like 63 or 64, white hair, blue eyes, he's not as tall as me." He replied then continued, "He is married but it is a strained relationship, and his name is Charles."

"Okay so what time on Saturday?" I asked

Wayne laughed, and replied, "How about the same time as today, noon?"

"Works for me." I said with a big smile.

"Well, babe I have to get going'" He told me.

I was bummed but I knew he couldn't stay with me all night. We got up off the couch, and went to the door. I put my arms around his neck, and kissed him deeply. "Call or text me during the week so we can chat." I told him.

"Most definitely!" he agreed with me.

I watched him get in his truck, and leave.

For the next week, we kept in touch with one another. On Thursday, we met at the diner for dinner. We had a really good time just talking. 

We both were excited about what was going to occur on Saturday.

"I talked to Ken, and Mike. They are very excited about seeing you again." Wayne told me. He also told me, "I spoke with Charles, and he is a go."

I smiled real big, and replied, "Oh, this is going to be great!"

We left the diner, and went to his truck. We started making out like we were teenagers. I reached down to rub his cock, and he was hard. I unfastened his jeans, and pulled out his cock. I went down, and started sucking on him. I was pulling back the foreskin so I could suck on the tip. Wayne was groaning, holding my hair. 

"That's it baby suck that cock, make the juices come out!" He said to me.

I was humming on his cock, I had one hand on his balls rubbing them, and the other hand was at the base of his cock so when I went down I would not gag. Wayne started moving his hips with the rhythm I created. He started thrusting hard, and I felt his cock get thicker. 

"I'm cumming!" Wayne yelled. I swallowed his whole load. I came up from his lap wiping my lips. I smiled at him, and all I said was," Yummy!"

I gave Wayne one last kiss, and we went our separate ways.

I woke up Saturday morning very excited. I made sure the house was clean, not that anyone will notice. Changed the bedding, and got myself all cleaned up. I shaved my pussy again to only have a strip of hair at the top of it. I decided to wear a garter belt attached to thigh high stockings. A bra to boost my breasts up, a matching short robe, and high heels. It is all pure white, I thought why not give off the illusion of innocents until you looked at my bright red heels.

Twelve o'clock came, and I was elated when the doorbell rang. When I answered the door, it was only Ken, and Mike. I invited them in, Mike informed me that Wayne, and Charles were on their way.

While we were waiting the three of us sat in the living room. "So, can you guys, tell me a little about yourselves?" I asked them.

Mike responded first, "Well, there is not a lot to tell. You know the important things about us." Ken agreed with him.

I chuckled, and said to them, "Yes, I do know some very important things. But do either of you have any likes or dislikes to what we are doing together?"

"I definitely don't have any dislikes, but many likes!" Mike replied.

Ken was being quiet, so I asked him directly, "Ken, what is on your mind? You look like you want to say something?"

Ken looked at me in the eyes, and told me, "I want to watch you with the other guys today. I will join in when I can't handle watching any longer."

That surprised me a little, but he did watch a for a bit last week. "That is fine, I will put a kitchen chair in the bedroom so you can be comfortable." 

Ken smiled, and thanked me. I got up to get the chair but he jumped up. "Here let me do that" Ken told me, and moved the chair himself.

When Ken came back from the bedroom the doorbell rang again. I got up, and answered the door. 

Wayne was standing there with a very distinguished gentleman. I stepped aside to allow them in. Wayne came in first, and stopped to kiss me. Charles come in behind him I then shut, and locked the door.

Wayne had his arm around my waist, "Mary, I would like to introduce to you a friend of mine, Charles." "Charles this is Mary our hostess."

I stuck my hand out to shake his, he took a hold of my hand, turned it over, and kissed the back of it. "I am very pleased to meet you. Welcome to my home." I told him.

"It is my pleasure to meet you!" He said as he let go of my hand.

"Come on in, let's have a seat." I said to them.

We were all sitting around making small talk, I sat on the couch between Wayne, and Mike. They both started rubbing my thighs. I looked at both of them with a smile, and asked them, "Should we get this party started?"

I heard all of them say "Most definitely" at the same time.

Mike undid my robe, and started kissing the top of my boobs. He was then sucking on my nipples through my bra making wet spots. Then he pulled the bra cups down, and my boobs popped out. Now he had much easier access.

Wayne moved his hand to my puss, he was rubbing my inner-puss lips. I was getting very wet from all the attention. He interested a finger, and hooked it to find my G-spot. I started squirming on the couch. I then felt someone put their hands on my knees to spread my legs further apart. I looked down, and it was Charles. 

He pulled me forward a bit so that I was more exposed. While Wayne had a finger in my pussy, Charles started licking my ass. It sent shivers all down my body it felt so good. 

I looked over at Ken, he was sitting in the chair rubbing his cock with a sly smile on his face. We made eye contact, and I smiled at him.

Wayne moved his hand, and stood up to take off his clothes. Once his hand was moved Charles dove right into my pussy. Oh, my god he had a very talented tongue. He was fucking me with his tongue. It felt divine. 

Wayne stood on the couch, and straddled me. I grabbed his cock, pulled back the foreskin, and started sucking on the tip. He was holding my head to keep balance, and to control my speed on his cock.

I then swallowed his cock. I gagged a little at first but then I got used to his size. But then Wayne started fucking my face, he was now controlling all the movements. I was looking up at him drooling, and gagging. He started getting a little to forceful so I put my hands-on hips to push him back. He realized what he was doing so he slowed down. "Sorry, babe. You get me so worked up!" He said to me.

Mike was sucking, and lightly biting my nipples. My nipples were so hard they hurt. Charles was sucking on my clit, it was so hard it was sticking out, and ultra-sensitive. I have cum 3 times already, and we haven't even left the couch.

Wayne got down off the couch, and said to all of us, "Let's move this to the bedroom to be more comfortable."

We all got up, and went to the bedroom. The other three men got completely undressed. I took off my robe, and went to remove my bra, but they asked me to leave it on.

"You look sexy as hell in your garter, with your bra pushing your boobs out, and the heels. God those heels are sexy as hell!" Mike told me.

I crawled onto the bed, Wayne then instructed me, "Lay on your back with head hanging over the side of the bed." So, I did.

Charles crawled on the bed, and continued to eat me out. God, he was good. Mike, and Wayne were standing at my head. Mike banged his cock against my chin. I opened up, and started sucking on him. I grabbed a hold of Wayne's cock, and started jacking him off. After a few minutes, Mike, and Wayne switched places.

Charles had two fingers in my pussy, one in my ass, and sucking on my clit. I started bucking my hips. I had a huge orgasm that squirted all over his face. He then licked up all my juices.

Charles then crawled up my body, and thrust into my pussy. It made me catch my breath. As I continued to suck on Mike, and Wayne. 

With every thrust from Charles I would take whoever's cock that was in my mouth deeper. I could feel that Wayne was ready to cum so I started sucking harder, and faster. When he came, I felt his cum shoot down my throat. I swallowed all of it.

Mike announced that he wanted to cum in my ass. So, Charles rolled the two of us over while his cock stayed inside me. Then Mike crawled up on the bed, spit on my ass, and started pushing his cock inside. Once he stretched my ass enough he popped past my anal ring. He pushed himself all the way in that I could feel his balls hitting me, and Charles.

They got a good rhythm going, one would thrust in while the other pulled out. I could tell that Mike was going to cum, his pace got faster and he was pounding my ass. He spanked me a few times as he was pumping in, and out. He then shoved in deep, and filled my ass to the brim with his cum.

Charles' pace picked up knowing that he was going to cum also. Mike had pulled out of my ass, so Charles grabbed my ass cheeks, and started pumping hard into my pussy. He was grunting, and moaning along with me.

"Fill me up Charles! I want to feel you explode inside me!" I yelled at him. Then he came which triggered to me have a huge orgasm.

After we were finished I rolled off him, and laid on the bed catching my breath. "Wow!" that was all I could say.

I looked over at Ken he was sitting in the chair with a huge hard-on. I asked him, "Are you ready for some release?"

Ken smiled, got up, and crawled on the bed. He went between my legs, and started licking my pussy filled with Charles' cum. Then he went to my ass, and licked out some of Mike's cum. It felt amazing with his tongue. He then crawled on top of me, and thrust into my pussy.

He got up on his knees, and put my legs on his shoulders. He started pounding my pussy hard, I could feel his balls hitting my ass. 

"Do you like being pounded, bitch?" Ken yelled at me.

"God, yes don't stop!" I screamed.

He started moving faster, I squirted all over the front of him as I came. He then pulled out of me, and jacked off onto my boobs. I felt empty when he did that. But he then leaned down, and licked off all the cum while sucking on my nipples.

Ken crawled off me, so I got up and decided to clean off all of their cocks. I started with Ken. He had a combination taste on him. When I got him, all cleaned up I went to Charles. 

This was the first time I actually got a good look at Charles. He was cut, with a nice 6-inch cock. He had some hair in his groin area, he kept it clean. I rubbed on his balls while I was sucking on his cock. I got him groaning, and hard again. I felt hands on my ass that was sticking up in the air. 

I turned my head to see who it was, it was Wayne. He got up on his knees, and thrust into my pussy. I sucked in my breath while I continued sucking on Charles cock. Ken came over to the left side of me, and Mike came over to my right side. They were both rubbing their cocks. I leaned over, and took Mike into my mouth, while I put a hand on the other two's cocks. I kept switching back and forth between the three of them while Wayne pumped in me from behind. Then he pushed his thumb into my ass. Again, all my holes were filled again.

I could not stop cumming. I was sucking on Ken when I felt him get ready to cum. I opened my mouth wide, and started jerking him fast. He came in my mouth, and chest. Mike was rubbing my boobs I started blowing him again, he was on the verge to cum so I did the same with him. I opened wide and jerked him fast. He came in my mouth, and on my face.

Charles reached down, and was rubbing my clit while Wayne was fucking me. I leaned down, and took Charles into my mouth. I was jerking him while sucking on him. He surprised me, and came really fast, so I swallowed what I could of his cum, the rest dripped down the sides of my mouth.

Wayne had been watching all of this, he grabbed my hips, and started thrusting hard. He then filled me up with his cum. He pulled out of me, and his cum was dripping out of my pussy. I slid down on top of Charles, then rolled onto the bed completely exhausted. 

After a short rest the men got up one at a time, and went into the bathroom to get cleaned up. I laid on the bed covered in cum, and huge smile on my face. Each one of the men got dressed... then came over to me, and gave me a kiss.

Before they left I asked all of them, "Same time next week?"

Every one of them said at the same time, "Most definitely!" 

They all left the house, and I snugged down, and fell asleep.