 Ch. 02 - Pam's Revenge with Jasmine Walker (silkstockinglover)

WARNING: This chapter contains bisexual female activities, spousal abuse, a golden shower, and other sexual activities that you may find unpleasant. If you do not want to read about such things, please move on to stories you may find more to your tastes. If you do choose to read this episode, I hope you will provide a comment here or in a private message to me. Thank you.

Short Summary

Jasmine Walker a/k/a silkrstockinglover is paying off a bet she made by visiting me, Dan, here in Concord, NH. We had enjoyed the start of our tryst when my wife, Pam, came to our room expressing an intent to punish me in some way, not for the tryst because she and I have an open marriage, but because I made the bet with Jasmine without Pam's consent. For a more complete understanding of where we are in this tale, please read chapter one of this story.

I looked at Pam scantily and revealingly dressed and asked, "What are you dressed for? Why that outfit? Why are you here?"

Jasmine, still nude on the bed, said nothing. She had a bemused look on her face - an interested, inquiring smile.

Pam replied to me, "Right after you left to come over here, Larry Kavan called to let me know he was back here on another sales trip and was interested in getting together again. I agreed to meet with him at his hotel. I dressed like this for him but then changed my mind and decided to come to this room instead. I'm still angry that you made the bet with Jasmine! Further, I'm not sure you really had a clear winning of the bet."

"What do you mean?" I asked. "The USA women won the gold medal game."

"Yes", Pam said, "but the game was really a tie. That hokey shootout did decide what team would receive the gold medals, but the game essentially was a tie. The ladies should have been able to continue playing until a goal was scored during the game and not in that stupid shootout. So, in many ways, Jasmine should be allowed equal time to claim all she won except, of course, the $100."

She continued, "You've had your reward from what Jasmine has confirmed to me. Now she should have hers!"

"Wait a minute," I said, "that's not true!"

Before I could continue, Pam turned to Jasmine and asked, "Hasn't he collected on his bet? He's had your feet and toes and has orally enjoyed you!"

"That's true," Jasmine said, "but he hasn't had a chance to fuck me yet. We were just getting to that when you showed up. And, in all honesty, I was looking forward to having his fat cock fuck me! I'm sure he'd like to do that."

"Well", Pam replied, "he's going to have to wait for that! He needs to be punished first! And I think you'll like what I've got in mind, and it includes you getting a fat cock in your cunt. Bear with me for a little while. I'm sure you'll be very pleased."

Jasmine shrugged and nodded her willingness to wait a little while.

Pam continued, "I've got to wash you off his face and fingers. May we use the bathroom?"

Upon receipt of Jasmine's approval, Pam put down the bag she had carried in and had been holding and directed me to accompany her into the bathroom. My wife then proceeded to strip naked.

"Get in the tub", she told me, "and get down on your knees."

I did as ordered, and Pam climbed into the tub in front of me and turned on the water. My back was to the shower head, and the pleasantly warm water came down on me. Pam took the soap in her hands and created some lather, which she used to wash my hands and then my face until she was satisfied that she had washed Jasmine's essence off me.

I noticed that Jasmine had come into the room and was watching us.

"As long as your down there," Pam said, "I want you to lick my pussy."

I thought, "This is my kind of punishment!", and proceeded to feast on Pam's tasty lips and slit!

"Get your mouth open and push my lips apart with yours."

No sooner did I have my mouth open enjoying her flavor with my nose on her clit that Pam started to piss, filling my mouth with her urine and causing me to start to choke. I jerked away, and she pissed all over me - on my head, in my face, on my chest, my back, my cock, my legs! I got coated in Pam's piss!

"Swallow it, you prick! Don't lose a drop! Drink it all! Now you're all dirty again! You can't soil Jasmine's sheets! You need to be cleaned again!"

Pam skipped out of the tub as I was still sputtering from my golden shower, slipped behind me, shut off the warm water and turned the cold on full blast totally freezing me.

I was shivering! My cock was instantly reduced to it's minimum size!

"Oh, that won't work for me!" Jasmine said.

"Don't worry", said Pam,"I think you'll like what's to come."

Finally, Pam let me out of the tub to use the towels to dry off. But I was still very cold!

She led me back to the bedroom, told me to bend over, lubed up my ass, pulled the pinkish colored dildo I used to diddle my own ass out of the bag she had carried in and shoved the thing up my ass.

"Hold it in there and go sit in the chair with it up your ass", she ordered.

I did so; and she, with help from Jasmine, then proceeded to tie me to the chair. My hands and legs were both immovable. My hands were tied to the arms, and my legs spread with each tied to a chair leg.

"What the hell?" was all I was able to say.

So there I sat with the dildo up my ass and unable to move my arms or my legs, as Pam then closed in on Jasmine, and the two started to kiss. That did serve to get my prick to start growing again. And, as they continued to kiss and their hand started roaming, I was soon at full staff again as I watched them together.

Pam's hands went down to Jasmine's ass and pulled her tightly to her body, their tits squashed together. Their faces were mashed together with mouths wide open and they kissed and probably had dueling tongues (although I couldn't really see). I heard both of them start to moan.

Their kiss ended and Pam pushed Jasmine away from her a short way as her hands moved from Jasmine's ass to her tits, which she started to caress. Pam held Jasmine's tits in her hands fondling them and stroking her fingers across the nipples that popped to full length; so that, when Pam started to suck them she could also tug one and then the other with her teeth.

Pam tongued, sucked, and tugged Jasmine's nipples while one hand slid down between their bodies and stopped at Jasmine's pussy. That caused Jasmine to spread her legs to give Pam complete access to her pussy. Pam's hand moved back and forth stroking Jasmine's cunt and then her fingers disappeared, and I heard a wet sloshing sound as Jasmine was finger fucked.

Jasmine said, "Let's get up on the bed. Let's lie down, so we can can both touch each other. I want to get my hands on you too! In fact, I want to get more than my hands on you!"

The ladies separated to climb onto the bed. On their knees, they started to kiss again as their hands roamed over each other moving to tits, nipples, side, back, ass, pussy. They were each moaning and sighing from the effect the touch of the other was having!

Jasmine then fell to her back and wiggled around until Pam's legs separated as Jasmine's head slid under her. Jasmine's tongue came out and was licking Pam's pussy. Pam leaned forward catching herself on her hands, and Jasmine's tongue and mouth moved back and forth alternating between pleasuring Pam's pussy and licking her anus. Jasmine's fingers penetrated Pam's cunt and asshole as the mouth and tongue continued their assault!

Pam then fell completely forward into the classic 69 position, and the ladies were fingering and sucking and licking everything reachable! Grunts, moans, and sighs came to my ears as the aroma of feminine arousal wafted into my nose!

My cock was at full mast and profusely leaking precum, but I could do nothing but watch the women delight each other!

Jasmine took a few more licks before saying, "Let me get up! You lie down. I want to eat your pussy!"

Pam stopped what she was doing and moved up to only fall back down onto her back. Her legs were spread wide, her cunt wet and open!

Jasmine moved to between Pam's legs and started eating her out. I could only see the back of Jasmine's head, which moved up and down and left and right as I assumed her fingers stroked Pam's G-spot as Jasmine's mouth lips and tongued licked, sucked, and tugged slit and lips.

Pam was writhing under the assault and thrusting her vulva into Jasmine's face! Soon Pam started keening and grabbed Jasmine's head holding her in position as she ground her groin against Pam's face until she cried out, "I'm going to cum! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Oh holy fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm cummmmmmmiiiiiiiiiinnnnngggggg!"

Pam said more, I think! Well, maybe not. Well, I'm really not sure she was actually saying words as she was shaking, quivering, and twitching with her toes tightly curled and her feet raised high in the air as she orgasmed for a good minute or more.

Jasmine kept up her oral pleasuring, and Pam continued her unintelligible vocalizations and seemed to end one orgasm only to soon roll into another. I have no idea how many times she came!

Eventually, Pam cried out, "Enough! Enough! I can't take any more!", and pushed Jasmine away from her.

Jasmine rose enough to roll away and flop on her back to lie beside Pam.

They lay side by side with neither saying anything for a few moments until Pam had recovered from the intense pleasure Jasmine had given her.

And as I sat trussed up with the dildo up my ass and the action on pause, the pressure in my cock abated and it shrank somewhat and flopped against my leg.

Pam then sat up and looked at me. She smiled at me, and I though I might be released from my bonds when she said, "At present, Dan, I'm glad you made that bet that brought Jasmine here. I love you, and you have brought me great carnal pleasure in the many sexual activities we alone and also with others have engaged in. You are a wonderful lover. The best I have ever cohabited with. However, I have now experienced even greater pleasure. Pleasure I did not know existed until Jasmine opened it up for me. Here, several minutes since she has touched me, I am still experiencing the most pleasurable aftershocks. She is the most skilled sexual partner male or female I have ever had. I thank you. I thank you very much for bringing her to me."

Jasmine by this time was also sitting up on the bed. "Thank you," she said to Pam, "I'm glad you enjoyed what I did. Your body is wonderful and your taste exquisite!"

The two beautiful naked women then embraced and kissed. As they separated, Pam put her mouth next to Jasmine's ear and whispered something I could not hear.

Jasmine, however, audibly replied, "Well, then, lets go to him!"

The two slid down the bed and approached me in the chair. I thought my release from the chair was imminent. I was wrong. They had a different release in mind.

They came to me in the chair and started kissing me. Pam. Then Jasmine. Pam. Jasmine. One after the other over and over.

As they continued kissing me, they started to touch me. My cock was soon again erect as their hands touched it and my balls. Soon the two were kissing, licking, and sucking my cock and my balls. I was very aroused. I felt my nipples erect. I so wanted them to touch them too. I love nipple play. Love to have them also kissed, licked, and sucked.

And first Pam and then Jasmine started rubbing my chest and nipples as they orally worked my cock. Then their hands were stroking my cock as each had one of my nipples in her mouth. Licks, kisses, sucks! My cock, when a hand was not on it holding it, was bouncing wildly from the nipple stimulation they were providing. I was getting very close to cumming. I was moaning and thrusting as much as I could while still tied down.

They both picked up the signs of my imminent eruption. Both mouths abandoned my nipples and returned to my cock.

I heard Pam say, "You take it! I've had it many times."

Jasmine's mouth then covered my cock just in time to receive my semen that erupted from my cock and filled her mouth. This was not the release I had thought I would get, but it was very welcome. I pulsed several time as my balls were drained!

After I had finished pulsing and ejaculating, Jasmine opened her mouth to display to Pam and me the cum load I had shot. I was amazed. I don't think I had ever cum in such quantity in my life. It was so much, it started to leak out of Jasmine's mouth. She, however, scooped it back in.

Jasmine then pulled Pam's head and mouth to hers, and they kissed as I saw two tongue with my white spendings on them. They French kissed being sure not to lose even a drop before they each swallowed the contents of their mouths. They then each French kissed me, and I tasted the remnants that had not been ingested.

I said, "That was great! Thank you. I think it's time to free me."

"Not yet", Pam said. "That was your reward for what I experienced with Jasmine, but it has not expiated totally the error of your bet! It has had some positive results but not enough to earn you your freedom yet. And I owe Jasmine. In fact you also owe her something that I now must repay for you."

Pam walked over to the bag she had brought with her into the room, reached in, and pulled out a strap-on harness with an impressive looking cock attached.

"Jasmine has not yet gotten the fucking you owe her. I intend to pay that debt for you with the help of these items. I had left home with them to peg Larry Kavan but now find them to be of use here with Jasmine and perhaps later with you!"

Pam instructed Jasmine to get back on the bed and joined her there as I remained securely tied with the dildo up my ass, my punishment clearly not over!

TO BE CONTINUED in Ch. 03