 I was sitting on my couch a couple of days after losing the bet with Sarah and Kim. I was still amazed at how great the sex was that night with them. I had never looked at big girls before but had always wanted to be with an older lady. Sarah was fourteen years older than me and Kim was thirteen years older. As I was sitting there thinking that the phone rang.

Not to my surprise it was Kim. She small talked a little and then told me to make sure that I had nothing to do the next Saturday. I said ok and asked her why. She just laughed and reminded me about the bet. I laughed and asked her what they had in mind. She just told me wear a black tank top and khaki shorts and they would take care of the rest. The week flew by and before I knew it Saturday was here.

I had just put on my tank top and shorts when the doorbell rang. I let Sarah and Kim in. They approved of my clothes and handed me a small tote bag and told me to hold it but not to open it. We left in Kim's car and begin to drive out of the city. After about a ten minute drive down a country road we pulled into a long driveway in the middle of nowhere.

We pulled up to a nice house at the end of the driveway. A lady that looked about the same age and size as Sarah and Kim came out. Her name was Shelby. I was then informed that I would be their waiter for the day. I had to serve Sarah, Kim, Shelby, and their other friend Lacey. Lacey was the oldest and the smallest of the group. She was chunky but just not as big as the other girls. They all went out to the deck as I got them some drinks. As I took them out I overheard Shelby talking about a fundraiser that she was in charge of the day before. I figured that is where the dunk tank in the corner of their yard was from. As I took out a sandwich tray Sarah told me to remove my shirt. So I did. The next time out Kim told me to go put the red thing from the bag on.

I went into the spare room and opened the bag. I pulled out a tiny pair of red shorts. I put them on and saw how short and tight they were. All four of the ladies whistled and smiled when I walked out. They all took the liberty of grabbing my ass as I refilled their drink also. They asked me to stand out by the table instead of going back into the house. They were under and umbrella at the table and I was standing in the hot sun. It was not long and I begin to sweat. Lacey asked me if I was hot. I told her yes and Sarah asked me if I wanted to cool off. I told her sure and asked how. Kim asked me if I would like to get dunked. I laughed and asked her just who was going to dunk me. They all answered that hey would dunk me. Then Sarah told me to go put the trunks on from the bag.

I went into the room and looked in the bag. The only thing in the bag was a tiny white Speedo looking thing. I put it on. It barely covered my cock and really squeezed my ass. It also velcroed at the sides. Even though I had never seen anything like it. I walked out the dunk tank. The girls begin cheering as I walked out. I climbed up onto the seat and Sarah set it a she stood beside the tank. Shelby threw the first ball and missed. Sarah then informed that the suit was made of material that when it got wet it became see through. I was not to worried about that as Shelby missed again. She threw a few more and missed them all. Kim threw and missed all of them and Sarah followed and missed too. Lacey was the only one left. She fired the first one and I dropped quickly as I saw it hit the target. The water was cold as I rose up from under it. The girls were all cheering as I climbed back onto the seat. As Shelby reset the seat she blurted out an Oh MY God. I looked down and the suit was now sheer and completely see through. She had a close up view of my cock and ass. Just then Lacey threw another strike and down I went again. When I came up Kim and Sarah had joined Shelby beside the tank. As they reset the seat Kim said yes he likes it as she noticed my cock begin to swell. Just as soon as I sat down Lacey threw another strike with the last ball and down I went again. 

All four of the girls were now beside the tank as I began to climb out. They were all looking at my cock. I held out my hand to shake Lacey's hand. She shook my hand and gave me a hug. She wrapped her arms around me and moved her hands down to my waist. I heard the others say do it just as she ripped the velcro and pulled the suit right off of me. She grabbed me by my hard cock and pulled me into the house. She pushed me down on the couch and quickly dropped her shorts. She climbed up on me and lowered her pussy right down on my cock. She quickly had an orgasm as she bent down and kissed me deeply. As I was about to cum she got off and sucked my cock. As I begin to cum she swallowed some and let the rest hit her in the face. 

As Lacey got out of the way Shelby put her tit to my mouth. I begin to suck it and moved my finger inside her now naked pussy. I quickly got hard again and she put a condom on my cock. She then pulled me on top of her in the floor. I begin to fuck her hard. I fucked her and gave her three orgasms and filled the condom with another load of cum. I rolled off of her and laid in the floor wore out. Kim removed the condom and told me to get dressed. Sarah then told me to hurry because she was ready for my cock and was not sure she could wait until we got home. She could not and we fucked in the car on the way back to the apartment. When we got in the apartment I fucked Kim. Still got two weeks to go in this bet too.