 I have been noticing lately that I seem to be attracted to men older than me. I am 40, so I am no spring chicken myself, but I have been really curious about older guys. Do they have trouble keeping it up, or do they need help with medication? I decided that I needed to find out.

I worked late Monday night, so I decided to stop by the local diner for something to eat. While there I noticed this very attractive older gentleman sitting by himself. He was probably in his mid-fifties. He was tall, with salt and pepper brown hair, and blue eyes. He noticed I was looking at him, and smiled at me. I smiled back at him.

Wow, as soon as he smiled his whole face lit up. I was very attracted to him. I did notice a wedding band so I stayed where I was at. As I ate my dinner I was trying discreetly to watch him. When he finished his meal, he got up to leave. He walked by my table, and put a piece of paper on my table. He went to the register to pay his bill. I picked the paper to read it. It had a phone number on it, and all it said was "call me, Wayne." I looked over at him, and he was watching me with a sly smile on his face. I smiled back, and picked up my phone to show him that I put his number into it.

All I could think about was this gentleman. So, the next day I decided to give him a call. I got his voicemail, so I left a message, "Hi, this is Mary. You gave me your phone number at the diner last night. Call me back when you can." I left my number, and hung up.

About an hour later, my phone rang. It showed that it was Wayne. I got very excited when I answered. "Hello this is Mary." I said.

"Is this the beautiful lady that was watching me at the diner?" He asked with a chuckle in his voice.

I laughed, and responded, "Was I that obvious?"

Wayne laughed also, and said, "No, but I was watching you also."

Then Wayne asked me, "Would you like to meet for coffee sometime soon?"

All I said was, "When?"

Wayne laughed, and said, "This evening around 7 at the diner?"

"That sounds great I will see you then." I replied.

At 7 pm I walked into the diner, and Wayne was already there waiting for me. When he saw me he got a huge smile on face, in turn so did I.

I walked over to him. "Hi, how are you doing?" I asked as I sat down.

His response was, "Better now that you are here."

We were a little awkward at first, but once we started talking we couldn't seem to get enough of one another. 

I kept looking at Wayne's wedding band. Finally, I asked him, "Are you married?"

"Yes, but it is an odd situation. I have not made love to my wife In a few years now." Wayne had replied.

"Does she know that you are meeting other women?" I asked curiously.

"No, she does not know, and I will not tell her." Wayne stated.

I just nodded my head in an agreement. 

We sat at the diner for several hours talking. We decided that we meet again in two days. We walked out of the diner together. 

Wayne turned to me, and said, "I can't wait to see you again. I truly enjoyed our time together tonight."

I agreed with him, and we went our separate ways.

I was so horny when I left him. When I got home I pulled out my dildo. I could not play with my pussy fast enough. The whole-time I kept thinking about Wayne. I studied his hands tonight, you know the old saying big hands, big dick. I kept thrusting my dildo in, and out faster, and harder. I was rubbing my clit with my other hand. When I came, I called out Wayne's name. 

After I had an awesome orgasm, I laid on my bed breathing hard, and basking in the afterglow. My phone buzzed letting me know I had a text. I did not want to move, so when the buzz went off again I figured it must be important. I picked up my phone to see who it was, being surprised it was Wayne.

I got excited, seeing that he was still thinking about me. He was telling me how much he enjoyed getting to know me. I laughed to myself, if he only knew what I was feeling.

I sent him a message back. "I truly enjoyed our time together tonight also." I said to him, "I will admit I am strongly attracted to you, and can't wait to see you again."

I got a text back right away. "You are very beautiful, and I am very attracted to you also." He said to me.

We were flirting through texting with one another. We started asking more personal questions. I asked him, "Are you cut or uncut?"

Wayne responded with, "Uncut, and about 7 inches long."

"Mm, that would be a sight to see!" I told him.

Wayne came back at me with, "Anytime you want, you can see it."

I responded to him, and asked, "What about this weekend?"

"Are you available around noon on Saturday?" Wayne asked. "I have to work in the morning, and I could come to your place afterwards." He stated.

"Yeah, I would love for you to come over!" I replied. I then gave him my address. We said good night to each other anxious to see each other again.

Wayne, and I kept texting throughout the day on Wednesday. Then on Thursday we had plans to meet at 7 o'clock at the diner again. I got there first this time. I got us a table in the corner. Wayne came in-- spotted me, and smiled. He walked over to sit with me. Because we were in a public place he sat across from me. I felt his leg rub against mine under the table. We smiled at one another.

We were catching up with one another on how our day was, and asking each other a lot of questions to learn more about each other.

We started talking about fantasies we had. He asked me, "What would you want more than anything?"

That was easy, I responded quickly, "I want all of my holes filled at the same time." 

"Really, so like three men at once?" He asked me.

I smiled, and replied, "Yes, and I would like for it to be older gentlemen."

"Why older men?" He asked me.

"I don't know, right now I am very attracted to older gentleman." I answered. "I want to experience men who know what they are doing, and how to treat a lady."

"If I can get a few friends of mine to agree, would you like for your fantasy to come true?" Wayne asked me.

"Really you would help me put this together?" I asked him. "I would definitely participate!" I said getting excited.

Wayne told me that he would see what he could put together, and be at my house this Saturday at noon like we had planned. 

We knew it was time to go home. We had been talking for several hours. Wayne walked me to my car, and kissed me. It was wonderful as he wrapped me in his arms, and pulled me up against him. I could feel his erection. It was quite impressive. We pulled apart staring at one another. He smiled at me, and told me he could not wait until Saturday. I agreed with him, and then we went our separate ways.

Wayne, and I kept texting each other. It was starting to turn into sexting, Wayne had a wonderful way with words that would get my pussy wet. I could not wait for Saturday.

Friday night I got a quick text from Wayne saying, "We are all set for Saturday."

I responded with, "Oh, this is going to be great!"

Saturday morning I decided to get myself all cleaned up for that afternoon. As I was shaving my legs, and armpits I decided to shave my pussy. I left a small strip at the top. I put on lotion, and powder to smell nice. I dressed in a short black skirt with a corset style bra, and a low-cut blouse that my tits were bursting out of. Then I slipped on a pair of 4 inch heels. 

I was all ready for my guests, I was so nervous, and excited at the same time. I could not believe this was going to happen. 

Noon came, I was getting more, and more nervous. My pussy was wet with the anticipation. My doorbell rang at 12:10. I took a deep breath, straightened my clothes, then went, and opened the door. Standing in the open door I see Wayne with two other gentlemen about his age. I invited them inside.

Wayne came over to me, gave me a deep kiss, and put his arm around my waist. He introduced the other men to me. 

Ken is 52, about 5"8" short salt, and pepper brown hair with hazel eyes. He was very handsome, and he has a beautiful smile.

Mike is 56, and is about the same height as ken, brown hair with gray at the temples, and blue eyes. He also was very handsome, with very broad shoulders. 

I invited the men to have a seat in the living room, and asked them, "Would any of you like a drink? I have beer, water or soda."

They all declined. I sat on the couch between Wayne, and Ken. We all were very nervous. Wayne put his hand on my leg, and was rubbing up, and down my thigh. 

Wayne turned to me, and said, "I know that this is new to all of us. The three of us have talked, and agreed that we will not do anything that you do not want done." 

"I thank you, believe me I will let you know if I am not liking something." I replied. 

Wayne kept rubbing my leg, and then I felt Ken's hand on my other leg. He was a little more aggressive in the sense that he moved his hand up, and under my skirt.

"Nice no panties!" Ken said with a smile.

"I wanted to make sure I was ready for all of you!" I replied to him

Ken then leaned in, and started kissing my neck. I moved my head to the side so that he could have better access. Wayne moved his hand further up my leg under my skirt. He started rubbing my pussy. Mike was sitting quietly in the arm chair watching all this. I see that he is rubbing his cock. 

Ken moved his head down to my boobs. He started squeezing them together, and kissing them. "You have perfect tit's." Ken said.

Wayne moved his finger inside my pussy, and was rubbing my clit. "My god you are sopping wet!" Wayne stated

I laughed, and said, "Of course I am. I love all the attention I am getting!"

Mike stood up, and come over to stand in front of me. I reached out to rub his erection through his pants. He started unbuttoning his pants, and pulled down his pants bringing his underwear down with them. His cock was thick, with a large mushroom head, it was about 6.5" long. He had very large balls hanging underneath. I reached out to grasp his dick, and started moving my hand up, and down.

Wayne seen that I had Mike's dick in my hand. So, he stood up, pulled his pants, and underwear down. His cock was beautiful being uncut, he was nicely hung 7" long with a thick shaft. I took my other hand, and started rubbing his cock up, and down. The skin on the head felt incredible in my hand. I was pulling the foreskin away from the head, and it was causing Wayne to moan.

Ken started unbuttoning my blouse, so my tits came out. Then he undid my bra. He then started sucking my nipples. My nipples went instantly hard. Wayne was still rubbing my pussy, so I started moving my hips.

Wayne suggested that we move the party to the bedroom. We all agreed. The men with their pants down, kicked off their shoes, and got completely undressed in the living room. I led all three of them into my bedroom. Ken then got undressed. I got my first look at his cock, it was cut about 6" long, not to thick, but not thin either. With a nice head on it.

I took my blouse, and bra off. When I started unzipping my skirt, all three of the men at the same time said, "Keep the heels on!"

I laughed, they all sounded like excited little boys getting a special treat. As I stepped out of my skirt I smiled, and told them I would leave the shoes on.

Wayne crawled on the bed, and laid on his back. "Come here, and sit on my face." He instructed me.

I crawled over to him, and straddled his face. He started licking my pussy. My god he had a talented tongue. Ken, and Mike moved onto the bed by me. I grabbed each of their cocks, and started jacking them off. 

Wayne was working my clit with his tongue. He inserted a finger in my pussy as well. I came very hard. Wayne was moaning under me lapping up my juices. 

I climbed off Wayne's face. I then moved down Wayne's body to suck his cock. It was so hard, and smooth. I was bobbing my head up, and down. I felt hands on my tits, and a hand rubbing my pussy.

I got off the bed, and went to my knees on the floor. All three men got off the bed, and surrounded me. I put Ken's cock in my mouth to suck on, while I was giving the other two a hand job. Every few minutes I would switch to one of the other men to suck on their cock. They were rubbing on my boobs, pinching, and twisting my nipples.

Wayne, all of a sudden said that he was ready to fuck me. He crawled back on the bed, and laid on his back. "Come sit on my cock now!" He said to me.

I got on the bed, straddled him, and slid onto to is hard cock. I felt a hand push me forward a little. Then I turned to see Mike rubbing my ass. He inserted a finger into my asshole. God, it felt so good while I was riding Wayne.

Ken came around in front of me, I started sucking his cock. While I was sucking on Ken, I felt Mike put the head of his cock at the opening of my asshole. He pushed in slowly until he had his cock all the way in my ass. The sensations that I was feeling were so overwhelming. I had an orgasm that dripped all down Wayne's balls.

Mike started thrusting, and said to me, "You like having all these cocks in you? Don't you slut?"

I turned my head to look at him, I had a cocky grin on my face, and all I said was "yes!"

Mike, and Wayne were able to get a good rhythm between the two of them while they were in my ass, and pussy. Ken grabbed a hold of my head, and started fucking my mouth. I would gag every once in a while. I felt Wayne tense up inside me, I knew he was ready to cum. But he pulled out of me. He hollered, "Switch!" 

Then Mike laid on the bed, Ken was in my ass, and I was sucking on Wayne. Oh, my god having their cocks in all my holes felt amazing. 

Ken was pounding my ass hard, I came again. I could not get enough of these three men. They may all be in their fifties but they sure the hell know what they are doing. 

I was sucking on Wayne, he grabbed my head, and was thrusting hard into my mouth causing me to gag, and drool. Poor Mike was under me getting wet from my drool, and my pussy juices.

Wayne hollered again, "Switch!" This time Ken was in my pussy, Wayne was in my ass, and I was sucking Mike's cock. 

Wayne was able to slide into my ass easily with his big cock, since I was stretched out from the other two. He, and Ken got a good rhythm together. While I was sucking on Mike's cock. 

Wayne spanked my ass a few times. He would rub my cheeks to make it feel better. Mike pulling on my nipples. Ken was thrusting as hard as he could into my pussy. All three of them changed their pace, and started moving faster, and harder.

I felt every one of them tense up. They all came at the same time. My mouth, ass, and pussy was full. 

I collapsed on top of Ken, Wayne pulled out of my ass. I rolled over onto my back trying to catch my breath while cum was dripping out of me.

I looked at each one of the men, and smiled, "Thank you!" was all I could say to them.

They all looked at me with the biggest smile, and they all said, "We, thank you!"

Mike leaned over me, and started kissing me. I reached up to put my hands around his neck. When he was done kissing me he asked, "Are you up for some more?"

I laughed, and responded, "Most definitely if you are!"

Ken, and Wayne were watching Mike, and I. Mike moved over top of me, and was sucking on my nipples. I arched my back to give him better access.

Mike got off the bed, and pulled me to the edge so he could slide his cock inside my pussy. He was fucking me nice, and slow. 

Wayne came over to me, and started sucking on my nipples. I grabbed him by the hair, and pulled him up to my mouth so that I could kiss him deeply.

I stopped kissing him for a minute, looking him in the eyes, and said to him. "Thank you for all of this!"

Wayne smiled at me with laughter in his eyes, and responded with. "You are more than welcome!"

We started kissing again. Ken was watching all of us. I looked over at him, and he had an erection again.

"Ken what would you like to do?" I asked him.

"I am going to watch you get fucked for a little bit, and then I want your ass!" he told me.

"Then it is yours when you want it." I told him.

Mike started picking up the pace, and thrusting harder. I felt him tense up. He pulled out of me, and came all over my tits, and stomach.

Wayne then got off the bed, flipped me over, and shoved his cock into my pussy. He grabbed my hips, and was thrusting hard. I was pushing back against him. He started going faster, and harder. I reached under myself to rub my clit. Wayne, and I came at the same time. Wayne pulled out, and crawled on the bed. 

Ken looked at me, and asked me, "Can I now have your ass?"

"Yes, please I want to feel you fill my ass!" I told him.

Ken got off the bed, he but two fingers in my pussy to get some of the cum from inside, and used it to lube up my asshole. I then felt him getting ready to push into my ass. Than in one hard thrust he inserted is whole cock into my ass. I screamed.

He paused, before he got into a rhythm. I was pushing back against him. He reached under me, and was rubbing my clit.

He started talking to me, and asked, "You want me to cum in your ass?" Oh, did I ever. My coy look over my shoulder at him was all he needed.

He kept thrusting, I was building, then I had an amazing orgasm that caused me to squirt. With me cumming it tightened my ass onto Ken's cock which caused him to cum. He filled me up so much that it was leaking out of my ass.

Ken pulled out of me, and stepped back. I felt boneless, and slid onto the floor. All three of the men were looking at me with huge smiles.

Wayne chuckled, and asked me, "Are you okay down there?"

I sighed, and told him, "I am perfect! Thank you."

Wayne got off the bed, picked me up, and placed me on the bed. I mumbled "Thank you" as I feel asleep.

I woke up a few hours later to an empty quiet house. I got up to go into the bathroom to get into the shower. I found a note taped to the mirror.

"Mary, thank you for the best afternoon ever. We would all love to be able to do this again sometime. But no matter what I will be calling you. Love Wayne"

I text Wayne really quick, "We will definitely be doing this again!"