 I came across two old photos recently, literally & metaphorically, because when I found them, I had to go & get my box of toys & make myself cum while I looked at the photos & reminisced. 

I went for the full house of nipple clamps, butt plug, vibe & wand. The photos are quite old, not even in digital format (though they're now scanned!)and were taken at a frat' house party when I was 19, nearly fourteen years ago. It shows me on my back, clothed, with a large, erect cock by my face. The next photo shows me with the cock down my throat, to the hilt.

One of the jocks at the party was bragging about the size of his dick. After a few too many drinks, he got it out & was challenging any girl present to try and deep throat him, offering $1000 to anyone who managed it. I have to admit, it was impressively large.

If you've read my story "Emily Sucks", you'll know I'd managed to deep throat a cock over 10" already & I figured this one was manageable, probably longer than David's but thinner. In my inebriated state I sensed easy money!

I was the only one to accept his challenge, I poured some of the contents of a bottle of (cold)beer over his cock & balls to lubricate his shaft. & made sure he was super hard by jerking him with both hands and fondling his balls.

I then lay on my back on a couch, tilting my head over the edge so my throat stretched to accommodate him. I sucked on his balls for half a minute or so whilst I exercised my throat & prepared myself. I managed to take his whole length and held it there for 10 seconds or so to allow one of the jocks to take photos as proof.

After I'd won my challenge, I got up & had another drink, to his credit, the guy paid up in cash immediately, telling me how great it had felt & that no girl had ever managed to take much more than half his length before. He offered to double my money if I would let him cum in my throat.

I was drunk and horny enough to accept on the condition that I was in control of when & how deep I swallowed him. He agreed so I got back in the same position on the couch & allowed him to put his cock-head in my open mouth.

As I started sucking and taking him deeper, he leaned forward and pulled my shirt up, exposing my naked breasts to the party.

This wasn't part of the deal but I was enjoying the complements from our audience so I let him continue kneading & massaging them & tweaking my already rock hard nipples.

The next thing I felt was my short skirt being flipped up, my thong panties being removed and tongues on my pussy, lips on my clit, fingers in my cunt. It turned out to be a couple of lipstick lesbians who are now both married to guys & have kids, but boy they were good.

I could sense my jock was nearing his climax so I paused for breath then took him deep down my throat. I used my grip on his ass cheeks to get him to thrust deeper and shallower in a rhythm down my throat, then held him still and deep as his cock pulsed and squirted rope after rope of sperm deep into my stomach, probably ten, a dozen or maybe more.

As he withdrew I gasped for air & realised my own orgasm was about to hit me. By this time I had people playing with my breasts & sucking on my nipples, as well as having both my ass-hole, clit and cunt licked and fingered.

It was a very powerful, long and noisy orgasm and as I came down from it, another erect cock was proffered to me.

Almost instinctively I accepted it and took it deep. It erupted in seconds, withdrew and was immediately replaced by another, which started to cum as it entered my mouth & penetrated my throat. As it withdrew, yet another cock filled my mouth.

I lost count of how many cocks I suckled on at that party, for how long or how many orgasms I had myself but an ex boyfriend who was there and remains a friend with special benefits reckons the whole episode lasted just over an hour. He told me recently he availed himself of my hospitality twice that night... I was totally unaware.

During that time he estimates I serviced well over 20 cocks, some more than once. He told me I had several bananas inserted individually in my cunt and snacked on and that some girls were jerking their boyfriends cocks before letting them finish in my mouth, indeed some girls were jerking any random cock they could get their mitts on before watching me swallow their lengths and drain them.

Apparently some women coated their fingers with my juices before letting the men feast on them as they emptied the contents of their balls down my throat.

All this came flooding back to me as I looked at those two photos. How I came to be in possession of those photos is another story...