 The front doorbell rings. It's Steve. 

"Hi Steve," I say, bringing him into the living room. "Bob and Jim are downstairs already. Bob's got the fire going in the new fireplace and the bearskin rug on the floor. All we need now is Nancy. She should be here soon."

He nods and we go downstairs. The fire crackles and we've stripped to underwear. My wife is off in the city visiting her wicked witch mother. It's a happy thing. My friends and I have arranged this lustful session with a co-worker whose spouse is also absent. He is a trucker on the road somewhere in another part of the continent. She doesn't like him much, and she's feeling horny. It didn't take long to get her to agree to a session with us. She knows we're all nice married guys who won't squeal on her.

The doorbell rings again. I put on a bathrobe and go upstairs to the front door. Nancy is standing there in the freezing rain, a lopsided grin on her face. She's well built with wide hips and big boobs. I bring her in quickly and hang up her wet coat in the hall closet. 

"Are they all here yet?" she asks diffidently. Now that she has arrived in my house, she knows she has male expectations to fulfill. "I've never done this before," she says. 

"You said that before," I reply. "We haven't either, so let's not worry about it and just see how it feels. We did say you could quit any time. OK?"

"Yes, you did, didn't you?" she says. "OK, let's go." 

I take her hand and lead her downstairs to the family room. She pauses at the foot of the stairs and takes in the scene: the three other men sitting in their underwear with big grins and lustful stares at her and the bearskin rug spread out in front of the fire, now subsided to a friendly crackle. It is the only source of light in the room. Its glimmering beams lick over the far wall and furniture. Beyond the fireplace, the distant lights of the town across the lake form finger traces across the water, seeming to point through the picture windows at us.

"Hi guys," she says shyly, advancing to the sofa. Steve is the gracious one. He stands up and gives her a brotherly hug. 

"Hi Nancy. Glad you decided to come tonight. Are you still up for this?" 

She replies, "I think so" with a wistful chuckle. "I see you've already started". She points at Steve's shorts, already with a tent in front. Jim on the sofa flushes red and bends over, trying to conceal his own erection.

"You're the host," says Bob to me. "I guess you get the first turn." It was a fair comment. Someone had to overcome a natural shy uncertainty about getting naked with each other. Someone had to start. Someone had to show his cock. 

I nod at Bob. "You're right, my friend," I say. Turning to Nancy, I search her face for consent. "Nancy, my dear," I say, "let's get that sweatshirt off you."

She nods briefly and lets me pull off the sweatshirt. Her white bra has frilly pink lace trim and barely contains her ample breasts. She gives us a characteristic lopsided grin, as if she feels our rising lust. She unbuttons the waist of her jeans and I help her pull them off. Her white panties match the bra with pink lace at the waistband. I quickly pull off my sweatshirt and jeans.

I embrace Nancy warmly, feeling her bra against my chest and smelling her perfume. Her wavy, dense hair is a rich chestnut color and falls to her shoulders. My right hand drops from her back to her buttocks and feels her jiggly bum cheeks, then her bum crack. The boys on the sofa watch my hand explore this previously forbidden territory. We've all wanted to do Nancy. We've all known her at work for years.

I turn her to face them and unhook her bra. Its straps slip gently down her arms and it falls to the floor. Bob picks up the bra and looks up directly at her bare breasts. They are magnificent. A smirk creases his face. I reached around and fondle her breasts, feeling their weight and pinching the nipples with my fingers. I have the men's full attention.

I'm getting very aroused. My cock is now pointing up very stiff. The glans penis pushes uncomfortably against the cotton restraint of my shorts. I step back from Nancy and pull off my shorts. She turns to see what I'm doing in time to see my penis jump free and point straight at her. She giggles. I wonder again why women giggle like little girls when they see a fully erect penis.

Before she can say anything, I kneel in front of her. My fingers find the waistband of her panties and I pull them down to her knees, revealing a lush pubic triangle of chestnut hair partly concealing her vulva lips and sex slit. I push my nose into her pubic curls and poke my tongue between her labia to taste her sex. Its pheromone-laden aroma fills my senses and stiffens my cock into a throbbing tool of sexual pleasure.

She takes my arm and lifts me up. Our lips meet in a passionate kiss. I embrace her tightly, her naked breasts pressed against me. Both my hands grasp her buttocks and pull them apart. I feel my cock push between her legs; I feel her pussy fur rubbing against the upper skin of my penis. I feel the growing wetness of her vulva lips.

We kneel on the bearskin, still locked in an embrace. I gently push her back onto her back and follow her down to continue the passionate kiss as my hand finds her nipples, then her belly, then her pussy. 

My lips lock on her nipples as my fingers run up and down her vulva slit. They push between the warm wet lips to find her clitoris. They dip into her vagina for moisture and run circles around her clit. The circling gets faster, harder. She gasps, her hips lift in orgasm, and her knees clamp on my hand to stop further stimulation of her aroused clitoris.

I roll over on her and spread her legs. I lift my aroused penis to her vagina knoll and rub my glans up and down her slick inner pussy lips. I find her entrance and push in. I'm vaguely aware of the other men watching the sex act intently. No doubt they are imagining their own penises invading the luscious confines of Nancy's cunt so openly displayed in front of them.

Nancy looks up at me as I cover her and begin thrusting. She looks down between her spread legs. 

"Nice pussy" I praise. She giggles but says nothing. I think she was looking at my cock pushing in and out of her cunt. 

She looks over at the others. "Is this turning you on?" she asks.

Steve says, "Men always get turned on at the sight of a woman's naked body." He always was the scientist in the group. Nancy just giggles again. "Although," he continues, "I've never seen it live in front of me before." The others nod in silent assent.

I thrust my penis deep into Nancy's vagina and hold it there, savoring the sweet conjunction of our pubic mounds and the warm wet clasp her cunt is giving my cock shaft. I rotate my hips to rub her clit with my pubic area and move my glans penis up hard into her vagina. Then I withdraw a bit and start rapid fucking that builds to a climax. I feel my penis stiff and start to spurt. My whole body stiffens in the joy of orgasm and I fill her cunt with my semen as her chest heaves under me.

It is obvious to me as I roll off Nancy's luscious form that Steve wants to go next, but Bob aces him out, being the more assertive of the two. Bob is shorter and stockier than Steve, and when he drops his drawers, he has a short thick penis to match. He immediately rolls on top of Nancy and forces the massive width of his cock head between her wet, reddened labia.

The fucking that follows is not subtle. Bob heaves and slams his hips against hers to work his cock in and out of her luscious cunt as hard as he can. Steve is beginning to sweat as he watches Bob rutting on Nancy's naked luscious form. Her clit is peeking out from its hood. Her rich mahogany pubic hair glistens with pussy juice and sweat. Bob's cock strokes the spread lips of her vulva fast and hard. Her cunt juice creams on his shaft.

At that speed, Bob doesn't last long in Nancy's cunt. He's lusted after Nancy's full figured body for years. Every time he goes to her office on business, he drops into my office with another set of exclamations of frustrated desire. She leads him on with winks and dirty jokes. She feels his burning thirst for her body. Now he's lying on her naked form, hammering his penis into her vagina. Now he is ejaculating his semen into her pussy. He is panting and groaning with effort.

Every watchful, Steve hunkers his long form down beside Nancy and begins fondling and sucking her tits before Bob has fully withdrawn his penis from her vagina. 

Bob spreads her legs and yells, "Hey, look at my come in her pussy."

Nancy looks down between her legs and laughs. She says nothing. Women think it's a joke when guys get all proud about filling their pussies with semen. They don't know we've just touched eternity.

Steve rolls himself over into the spread of her legs and manipulates his aching cock into the wet, red opening of Nancy's vulva. She tenses a bit. He is a big man. She feels the head of his cock sliding deep into her private part, pushing against the corrugated walls of her pussy.

He starts thrusting into her. He's concentrating on enjoying the physical contact, the sensations of envelopment in his penis, the sight of his great cock between her legs inside her pussy lips. He leans down and sucks her tits while he's slamming her cunt.

Bob comments, "She's a fine fuck, isn't she?" Steve just nods as he works his penis in her vagina. He's really into it. We've all wanted to do her for years. I can smell her pussy juice and hear the slithery sound of his cock in her cunt.

She looks up at Bob. "I ... knew ... you guys ... were ... horny," she chortles, trying to catch her breath as Steve's cock fires up her cunt. "Oh, ah, mmmmm. But if ... you hadn't ... fixed up ... those expense accounts ... I screwed up ... I wouldn't have had to say ... ohhh arrggh ... thank you ... this way ... Mnnnn aaaaaaah." Her orgasm cuts her off.

During this exchange, they fail to see me slide my camera from the desk drawer and snap pictures of Nancy's spread legs, her bum coated with sex fluid, Steve's cock plowing her cunt. They will be my first personal porn pictures.

Steve lifts her legs and pulls them close to each other. This squishes her pussy lips tighter around his cock. He pushes them forward until her feet touch her ears. His cock pushes deeper into her cunt and she feels it. He rams harder and faster. Nancy erupts in an orgasm. 

Steve's penis also erupts, sending a flood of sperm into her vagina. His thrusting slows. He is reluctant to feel his cock leave the warmth of her sex organ. Finally he rolls off her and she laughs again as both Steve and Bob survey the lake of sperm forming in the crack of her ass. They both turn to Jim, sitting red-haired and red-faced on the sofa, his right hand in his shorts wanking his penis. 

"Your turn, Jim," Bob grins at him.

"Yup, guess so," says tall, lanky Jim, getting off the sofa and dropping his shorts. His uncut cock is fully erect and bobbing in front of him at Nancy who is laughing and shaking her head at the prospect of a fourth fuck in a row. Jim guffaws his self-conscious Nabors laugh. He is aware we are all looking at his penis, easily the biggest prick I've ever seen, and I've watched a lot of porn.

Nancy catches sight of it. "You're not going to put that thing into me, are you?" she laughs. 

"Yup, I guess so," he says, suddenly determined to take his pleasure with her. He kneels down awkwardly on the bearskin rug between her legs, leans forward, and spears her cunt with his cock. 

"Ooooph," goes Nancy as she feels his huge penis distend the walls of her vagina beyond anything she has felt. 

"Oooooo, that's a big one," she says reassuringly, sensing Jim's hesitation, feeling that he might be hurting her. "You haven't done much of this before, have you?" she asks. 

Jim gives a brief shake of his head. "Just a girl I worked with in a park years ago" he admits. "I think I hurt her." 

Nancy laughs. Jim feels her cunt massaging his cock as her belly shakes with the laugh. "She was just young and didn't know, boy. You have a real girl pleaser there. Just use it. Just do what's natural." Jim's guffaw is all we needed to hear.

The thrusting and groaning of sexual intercourse from both actors on the rug will live forever in our memories. The magnificent tableau would make a Turner painting look pallid: the lambent light of the fire, its hiss and crackle, Jim's hairy bum rising and falling in jerks, sometimes side to side, Nancy's full figure below him panting and moaning and stiffening with repeated orgasms, her face and her tits and her furry pussy mound and vulva lips all visible in great detail to the sound of her "uh" "uh" "uh" as Jim pounded his cock into her cunt.

We hear "Aaaahhhh. Uuuuunngghhh. Uuuuungh. Uuugh." as Jim raises his head and groans as his orgasm hit him, flooding Nancy's vaginal vault with copious jets of his semen. His thrusting slows and stops, but he continues to lie on Nancy, caressing her breasts and kissing her passionately. 

She finally breaks the kiss to grab some air. "Ok, ok, buddy," she pants. "I know you love me and it was fun for you, but it was fun for me too, ok?" Jim just grins happily, nods, and climbs off her.

We take a break, drinking wine and stealing furtive glances at each others' naked bodies. We joke about what it will be like at the office on Monday, remembering tonight's fuck session. Then we each have another turn between Nancy's luscious thighs.

We dress and climb back upstairs. We say good night to each other at the front door and promise to do it again soon. I pat Nancy's ass as she leaves. Life at work will never be the same.