 First, I apologize for taking so long to finish this tale. Then I want to warn you that all participants are committing adultery and infidelity. The story contains BDSM, homosexuality, bisexuality, pegging, and group sex. If you find any of that offensive or unacceptable, please find another story to read.

If you have not read the first two chapters (or have not read them in a while - they're quite short), I suggest you do so before reading this encounter among Dan, the narrator, Pam, his wife, Jasmine (known better on this site as silkstockinglover), and Larry (Dan and Pam's friend) in Jasmine's hotel room where Dan has met Jasmine to collect the debt owed to him as a result of a bet on a Winter Olympic event. Pam, not invited to the Dan and Jasmine (a/k/a Jas) tryst has shown up and the following events occur.

Also, the narrative switches between past tense and present tense probably incorrectly. But that's how I wrote it. I ain't perfect!

Thanks for reading and rating the story, and please leave a comment.

*****

Pam led Jasmine to the bed. Jasmine lay down on her back with legs spread. Pam got into the harness and attached a large dildo to it. One I had never seen. Pam must have bought it at Thorne's before coming over to the room. I could not discern its exact size except that I was sure it was larger than my cock. It was both longer and wider than my unit. Pam later revealed it was 10" long with an 8" girth.

Pam produced a bottle of lube from her bag and proceeded to liberally apply it to the projecting dildo. She climbed onto the bed and positioned herself between Jas' legs until she was just at Jas' opening. Pan then applied lube on and in Jas' pussy for at least two minutes until satisfied Jas was ready to accept the fake cock.

Pam moved closer, and the cock started to disappear up Jas' love tunnel. Pam took her time pushing in to stretch Jas and then moving back a little. Pam continued on the pattern of short thrusts and parries until the cock had totally disappeared up Jas.

Jas was moaning and thrusting her vulva forward as Pam entered her. I could see Jas' lips grab and release it as it moved in and out. She and Pam were both breathing hard as the mounting progressed until finally Jas was stretched wide by the intruding member. Pam then stopped moving. Her hands were on the bed - one on either side of Jas. Jas started to rub her own tits and pluck at her nipples that were distended to their full length. Jas started to rock her pelvis and encouraged Pam to continue.

Pam then was fucking Jas slowly. In and out. In and out. Jas continued stimulating her own nipples while occasionally reaching down to rub her clit. Pam's fucking got faster. The moans and sighs from both women were more frequent and becoming louder. 

Finally, Jas said, "Pam, fuck me! Pound me! I am so full of cock! That feels so - oooooooooohhhhhhhh!"

Pam's ass is going up and down at light speed! Jas' legs are waving in the air! Pam's arms push Jas' legs back until her feet are damn near behind her own ears. Jas' vulva is pointing up to the ceiling, and Pam is pounding down onto her stimulating Jas' clit and G-spot simultaneously! They are each gasping for air from respectively pounding and being pounded. Pam's clit was getting worked over too!

Jas' legs start to go spastic, swinging wildly and thrashing about! Suddenly the thrashing stops. The legs shiver, quake, and twitch, but Jas is saying nothing just breathlessly grunting! Her eyes are closed, and her toes are curling as if they could reach out and touch her heels! Her spasms are trying to throw Pam off as Jas orgasms violently! The effect on Pam is that, in her top position, her body mimics Jas', and she cums too collapsing onto Jas.

There is no sound from either of them except for air being sucked into their lungs as if there had been a final 400-meter dash at the end of a 10,000-meter race! Both are exhausted! Absolutely knackered!

Me? I feel as if a gentle breeze hitting my cock would cause me to ejaculate my semen the whole seven feet from me onto the prone figures of the ladies! I'm breathing hard too, and my heart is pounding in my 73-year old chest.

Several moments later, Pam backs the big dildo out of Jas' cunt. Because the dildo doesn't go soft as a cock would, the withdrawal sets off several mini shock orgasms in Jas. Pam flops onto her back. I can see up Jas' vagina that is wide open from the dildo's intrusion. Her pussy is wet, red, and raw! How I wish my tongue were there at her entrance! Both women fall asleep for a few minutes during which I discover my legs have become numb from the position I've been tied in.

Eventually Jas and Pam recover from the fuck. and it's time for me to be released from my bounds. I can't rise from the chair because my legs are asleep. With Pam on my right and Jas on my left, they lift me from the chair and drag me to the bed, onto which they drop me face down and pull the small pinkish dildo from my ass.

I rested there for a few minutes until I realized I needed to piss. My legs are still not working properly, so the women help me to the bathroom and onto the commode. I relieved myself. They then pull me up again to help me back to the bed where I fell onto my back to let my legs finally recover their full strength.

Nothing much happened for the next 30 to 45 minutes except for one naked man and two nude women idly chitchatting about nothing in particular. Then I made the mistake of noting that Pam was still strapped into the harness with the big fake cock projecting into the air. No sooner had I commented on that than Pam and Jas were huddling in the corner whispering to each other. Their whispering went on for a while interspersed with occasional giggles or loud guffaws of laughter. What could they be discussing?

I eventually fell asleep on the bed.

I don't know how long I napped; but, when I awoke, I discovered my hands had been secured so that I was not able to move from my back. I was on my back and securely tied.

Pam was still sporting harness and fat cock. I soon found out why.

Jas and Pam came to me on the bed and began to tease my nipples. First, they 

ran their fingers over them. My nipples rose to the stimulation. They were erect! Tiny but erect nonetheless. That, of course, caused my cock to start to follow suit. Soon I had two mouths and tongues and four hands and twenty fingers caressing, tweaking, sucking, and licking as applicable on my nipples and my cock. I had a throbbing erection!

Next one woman sat on my face allowing me to taste her juices while the other sucked my cock and balls. They each took several turns doing one or the other. Then, while Jas' sweet pussy was on my face, I heard Pam call someone with her cell. A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door. I heard the door open and close and then heard a male voice - a voice that sounded familiar

"Hi, Dan." It was Larry Kavan. Pam had called and invited him to join us.

Larry climbed onto the bed and reclined next to me. Pam came up on the bed too; and, from the little I could see (Jas was still on my face.) and hear, Larry and Pam were enjoying a 69. Her pussy was on his face, and her posture strongly suggested his cock was in her mouth.

A few minutes later, Larry said, "O.K., I'm ready."

Pam got off Larry, and I felt the bed move. Jas withdrew her pussy from my lips, and Larry's cock replaced it. I'm bi and like to suck cock. Larry's is nice. I licked and sucked his cock as best I could. While I attended to his cock, the ladies were sharing my cock and balls. Yet I couldn't fathom why I was tied because Pam 

knew there was no need to secure me to get me to suck Larry's unit.

The ladies continued their oral attention to me, but now fingers were teasing my rosebud and fingers invading my ass. Then something cool, wet, and slippery - lube - was going up my ass.

Larry's cock disappeared, and Jas' pussy was back on my face. I assumed Larry and Pam were doing something, but I didn't know what.

Then my legs were pushed back, and something was knocking at my asshole. Something was sliding into my ass! It felt bigger than the dildo that had recently been up me but was not as big as Pam's fake cock. When Jas got off my face, Larry was between my legs. His cock was going into my ass! It felt great! But I was still confused about my tied down status. Larry's been up my ass many times, but I never previously needed to be held down.

Oh! That feels so good moving in and out and stroking my prostate!

And the women are back all over my cock and balls! Divine! Getting fucked and sucked! Loving it! Larry was obviously ready because I feel his cock pulse as my ass is filled with semen! I'm almost ready to pop myself! Close but not there! Precum drooling out of me!

Larry's out, and Pam has taken his place with that fat dildo! Larry's semen is just lube for what Pam's ready to do! 

I feel her start to press her cock against my anal entry as she says, "This will teach you to chance losing our money and make bets without telling me!"

Ooooouuuuuccccchhhhh! Ugh! I'm being split open as never before! Much worse even than when I was finally able to shit after my knee replacement surgery left me terribly constipated! And that had been going out! This was coming in!

Normally Pam is gentle when she pegs me. She goes in slowly (and with something significantly smaller!) and gives me time to adjust before pounding my ass. She obviously was still harboring resentment for my bet because she pressed forward vigorously causing me a great deal of discomfort. It wasn't until the whole fat cock was up me that she stopped thrusting. I was so glad I was not an anal virgin! I can't imagine how painful it would be to be initiated with that dildo!

Thank goodness Pam then relented and gave me time to become accustomed to the intrusion before she started slowly fucking me. Jas and Larry were doing nothing more than standing by the bed apparently fascinated to see me take the huge cock.

Eventually, my erection returned from the prostate massage, and precum was drooling out again. Larry and Jas then lubed up their hands and started giving me a delightful hand job. I then really got into it and was thrusting against Pam maybe even more vigorously than she was fucking me. I was panting and huffing and giving signs of an imminent orgasm when Larry backed off and Jas took my cock in her mouth and sucked my cockhead and tongued my frenulum bringing me to the crisis, and my semen exploded coating her tonsils with my cum!

Pam slowly backed the monster out of me. As it made it's exit Larry was taking videos and photos of my gaping anus. When I later saw the images, I wondered if that's what the gynecologist sees when the speculum is up the patient. And was that my stomach I could see?

I was exhausted. Jas would have to give up her room before I could possibly recover enough to let her enjoy the delights my cock could provide her pussy. So Pam and I invited Jas and Larry back to our South End home for the night.

That evening Pam, Jas, and Larry partook of an FFM as I acted as the cameraman. Jas decided to extend her stay; and, over a few days, we four indulged in a menage a quatre in many heterosexual and bisexual variations until Larry's business called him away, and Jasmine could not further delay her departure. Details? Maybe a story for another day!

I wonder if I should tell Pam about the Stanley Cup wager Jasmine and I made before she headed back northwest. What do you think?

*****

Please rate and comment. Thanks.