 There is no male to male contact in this but if you don't care for eating creampies from a third party, you may want to pass on this. 

*

This happened many years ago when I was 18 and on leave from the army. The time was during the Viet Nam war and I guess we were all a little crazy back then.

I'd left school half way through my senior year to join the army because somehow, I just didn't fit in, and hated the small town bullshit many of us dealt with in those days.

Anyway, it was the early Summer of 72 and I was home on leave for two weeks before going to Germany. I hung out with some friends for the first few days and ended up meeting a new girl who was working at the local gas station. We just started talking and before long we agreed that I could give her a ride home from work later that evening, and maybe hang out for a while. 

I picked her up at nine and we just drove around for a while, hitting main street and listening to the music of the 60's while we talked. It was her decision to head out to the country to see the stars. It wasn't long after we parked in an isolated farmers field before she took charge. Soon, she had her tongue down my throat and was grabbing at my crotch. To tell the truth, I was both horny as hell and scared shitless at the same time. To say she was aggressive would be putting it mildly. I was still one of those 18 year old virgins that is only common in fiction today.

It wasn't long before her top was off, her small but perky breasts were exposed and I was caressing and kissing the first set of breasts in my life. She quickly undid my pants and her small hand started to stroke my cock. The feeling was indescribable and I almost shot my load right then and there. Soon my hands were inside her pants feeling a wet pussy for the first time. Another indescribable moment. Then to my surprise, she removed my hand but it was only so she could reposition herself to suck on my cock.

I raised my fingers to my face and smelled pussy for the first time. I loved it and even tasted my fingers. I knew I was hooked. Twenty seconds later, I was arching my hips up frantically to meet her mouth and came like never before. I felt pulse after pulse of my cum erupting from my cock into her mouth. She never missed a beat and swallowed every drop. It was pretty obvious this wasn't her first experience.

She reclined her seat and removed her pants, waiting for me. I knew what to do, I just wasn't too sure on "how" to do it though. Instead of jumping on her and pounding her with abandon, since my cock was already starting to get hard again, I wanted to return the favor for her. 

Besides, I was afraid I'd cum as soon as I felt her pussy around my cock and didn't want to leave her hanging. I guess she was expecting me to just climb aboard because she looked surprised when I buried my head between her legs and started licking her pussy. It was all new to me and I was loving it. I took my time and tried different things with my tongue and learned from her reactions what she liked and what drove her wild. 

Being young, it wasn't long before she was thrashing around, pulling my head tighter against her pussy as she orgasmed. Her breathing was fast and deep and she just kept saying "wow". To be honest, I felt a little pride in getting her off.

Since it was getting late, we both decided it was time to get her home since her parents were expecting her but promised we would get together tomorrow since it was Saturday and she was off. I also found out she actually lived in the next town over. 

On the drive back to her house, she sat next to me resting her head on my shoulder and made a confession. It was the first time a guy had ever eaten her. It was also the first time she had ever cum. That was a surprise to me. She told me that she had fucked over 20 guys since losing her virginity at 14 but just figured that although it felt great, that's all there was. She just said she couldn't get enough sex after her first time because it felt so good. It was odd to me that she was making these personal confessions but I figured, what the hell. It didn't really matter to me how many guys she had been with. Tonight, she was with me. 

We took the dirt roads back to her town which was only 15 miles away. It was tough to drive with a hard on but she solved that problem by undoing my pants once again and gave me a blowjob while I was driving. I was driving about 10 miles an hour for part of that trip or I would have ended up in the ditch. Again, she sucked me dry, and then surprised me a deep kiss. I never thought twice about that kiss at the time.

I dropped her off at her parents and agreed to pick her up the following afternoon. We drove around talking and enjoying each others company when we ran into a few of her friends from the neighboring town she was from. I didn't know them but they were still celebrating graduation and had picked up some beer. They asked up to join them and we both agreed. Back then, we could drink 3.2 beer at 18 so it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. One of the guys said we could go to an abandoned farmhouse 20 miles out in the country. 

I guess it was one of those places where kids would go and party sometimes, but the kids didn't tear anything up back then and were more respectful. It was used sometimes as a place for out of town hunters to rent so it was still scarcely furnished.

We were sitting around drinking beer and after a while, one of the guys pulled out some pot and we smoked a couple joints and were all feeling no pain soon after. I was surprised when one of the guys was talking to the girl in whispers in the hallway. (I hate to admit it, but I can't even remember her name anymore) A few minutes later, they disappeared into the bedroom. The other guy and I just had another beer and smoked a little more pot.

About a half hour later, the guy came out of the bedroom and came over and joined us. He grabbed another beer and looked over at me and said, "Your turn," and nodded towards the bedroom. Not knowing what else to do, I got up and took an additional beer with me and walked back to the bedroom, closing the door behind me.

What I saw gave me an instant hard on. The girl was lying naked on the bed and covered in a thin layer of sweat smiling at me. Nothing really needed to be said. I walked over and took off my shirt and started kissing her. She responded like a hungry animal, grabbing me tight against her while sucking my tongue deep inside her mouth. I wanted to take it slow though and took the cool beer bottle and gently moved it over her body to cool her down. She just moaned in pleasure but didn't let me go. 

I started to run my fingers up and down her body, playing with her nipples and pussy. Her pussy was glistening with sweat on the outside but when I stuck my finger inside her, it was an altogether different feeling. She was sloppy slick, and hot inside. I knew what from. A guy had just emptied his balls inside her. For some reason, this just turned me on even more. I don't remember how the rest of my clothes came off but soon I was lying next to her, naked,kissing and caressing her entire body. 

I kissed her breasts and sucked on her nipples before moving down and I wanted a good look at her pussy. It had been dark the night before and I wanted a good close look. I was amazed watching my finger go deep inside her and when I pulled it out, it was covered in a whitish cream. The sight and smell turned me on but her thrashing on the bed, thrusting her hips upwards to meet my finger made it all seem surreal. 

Out of nowhere, I leaned down and flicked my tongue across her clit. It was electric. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled it tight against her pussy. Not knowing what else to do, I just continued to eat her pussy with the same frenzy she was in. It didn't take long before she was screaming in her first orgasm of the day. I thought about what I was doing and that I was eating a pussy that had just been fucked, but for some reason, that didn't matter to me. All I knew was that I was bringing her a lot of pleasure.

After her orgasm subsided, she drew me on top of her and I slowly slid into her pussy and nothing had ever felt so "right" in my life. I don't know if it was the pot, the situation but we were in, or if we were just in our own little world of fucking each other. I wasn't in a hurry to cum and was just enjoying the feeling she was giving me. We switched positions with her on top for a while and then 69'd for a while. When we were back in the missionary position, she started to shudder and let out a yell as she came and started to milk my cock with her pussy. I couldn't hold out any longer and shot stream after stream deep inside her. We finally just rolled over on our sides with me still inside her, kissing deeply. I felt a stir in my cock again as it started to get hard again but she disengaged saying, "later." She cleaned my cock with her mouth and I got dressed and went into the other room.

One of the guys looked at me, mumbling, saying it was about time, and he made his way back to the bedroom. I looked at my watch and we'd been in there over an hour. I sat down with the other guy and we just bullshitted for about ten minutes before the other guy returned from the bedroom. That didn't take him long. They asked if I could give her a ride home and grabbed the rest of the beer and left.

She still hadn't come out of the bedroom so I figured I better go check on her. She was still lying on the bed naked and just smiled at me. She had no intention of getting up yet. I told her the other guys had left and I'd give her a ride home when she was ready. She just smiled more and asked me if I was ready for round two. It didn't take time to get my clothes off. The bed was soaked but it didn't matter. We didn't get out of there for two more hours, and later that day, I knew what they meant when guys used the phrase, too sore to walk. 

We got together a couple more times while I was on leave before I left for Germany. I never saw the girl again but have relived those memories time and time again.

I've always been curious to know what happened to her over they years. Some guy out there was sure lucky.