 This is the story of the wildest night of my life, a night I spent on an overnight train from Paris to Venice with two gorgeous women, one of whom I met for the first time that night. I was 22 at the time and in the middle of my post-graduation backpacking trip through Europe. I'd started out in the UK and eventually made my way down to Spain and Portugal before backtracking up and across the South of France and eventually to Paris. Throughout the way, I'd met up with various friends from high school and college who were doing their own (usually much shorter) trips. 

In Paris, I'd met up with May Nguyen, who was probably the smartest person I'd ever met. Our dorm rooms had been across from one another our freshman year of college and we'd been in all the same honors classes. She had graduated at the absolute top of the class and was set to go to Harvard Medical School. She was in Paris for the summer. May and I were never all that close. We never really hung out outside of school. But we were friendly. We'd had a ton of classes together over the years and occasionally studied together. She was pretty, but in a non-descript, stereotypically California Asian girl sort of way. She was half-Chinese, half-Vietnamese, born in Saigon I believe, but her parents had moved to California when she was very young. She had straight black hair and always dressed like she'd just stepped out of The Gap. You know, all-american but never flashy. She was a little shy, but not awkwardly so, and had a decent sense of humor once you got to know her. But she came across as very driven, a classic overachiever; it was hard to picture her ever cutting loose or having fun, getting drunk, or doing anything spontaneous. In other words, she's was not someone I would normally have made any effort to hang out with.

But it got lonely traveling by yourself, so any excuse to see a familiar face was welcome. I knew May was in Paris, so I emailed her a few days before I got there and arranged to meet up with her for lunch. We met at a little bistro she'd suggested. By the warm way she greeted me, I could tell that she too was happy to see a familiar face. We caught up over lunch and shared stories of our European adventures. I could tell she was a little in awe of the fact that I'd been going from city to city with no real plan, just going wherever I felt like going each day. That was clearly a very foreign concept to her. She told me she hadn't been anywhere but Paris yet, but she was planning to take an overnight train to Venice the next day, to visit her boyfriend, Pete, who was in Italy on some summer abroad program. She was nervous about taking the overnight train by herself, but it was much cheaper than any alternative means of travel. 

I'd been debating between heading toward Italy or Germany, and Venice was definitely on my bucket list, so without even giving it much thought, I asked if she wanted company on the train ride. At first, she was a little surprised by the offer, and wasn't sure if I was serious. But once she realized that I was, she seemed to warm to the idea quickly. She was clearly not the world's most adventurous person, and I think the idea of having a travel companion was comforting to her. So after lunch, we went to the nearest train station and she helped me buy a ticket (her French was much better than mine). The train was set to depart the next night at 10:00 p.m. 

After we bought the ticket, I told her I needed to go find a hostel to stay in for the night. To my surprise, she immediately insisted that I crash on her couch instead. Given how fast I'd been plowing through my money on the trip (and how much longer I had to make that money last), accepting her offer was a no brainer. We ended up hanging out the rest of the afternoon and into the night. Her apartment was a little studio in the heart of Paris, just one room, with a double mattress on the floor and a little couch. We got some wine and she cooked some amazing Chinese food for dinner. As we sat on the floor of her apartment drinking wine, I got to see a side of her that I'd never seen before, a relaxed, casual side. She was very talkative, telling me all about her relationship with Pete and how they'd been together for three years and how she wasn't sure where it was going. 

"How about you," she asked "Are you still with that little skinny girl with the big tits?" I had to laugh at that. After two bottles of wine, this was an unfiltered version of May that I'd never seen before. 

"You mean Heather." I answered. May's description of her was pretty accurate. "No, we broke up."

"Why?"

"I guess because I knew it wasn't really going anywhere and I didn't want to have to feel guilty if I hooked up with someone on this trip." That was the honest to God truth, but I was surprised I said it.

"So? 

"What?"

"So, have you hooked up with anyone so far?" She had a mischievous grin, clearly pleased with herself for pushing the conversation into an interesting place.

I debated in my head how honestly to answer that question. The truth was that I'd hooked up with a handful of girls already in the month and half I'd been backpacking, including a cute blonde Welsh girl at the hostel just the night before. But I hadn't had any sex on the trip, which was a bit of a disappointment. I finally answered "let's just say, there's been some snogging here and there."

She looked at me funny. "Snogging?" 

"Sorry, I guess I've spent too long in the UK. Kissing. There's been some kissing here and there." That answer seemed to satisfy her, though it also seemed to trigger some other brief flash of emotion. In retrospect, I think it was regret. She'd been with the same guy for three years and I think she felt that she'd missed out on a lot of the "fun" that other girls her age were having.

As we got ready for bed that night, May came out of the bathroom wearing a pair of short little cotton pajama shorts and a white tank top. It was the first time I'd truly appreciated what an amazing body she had. So slender and smooth and toned. Her legs were truly amazing and she had more of a chest than I had previously appreciated. Not huge breasts, but shapely ones for a slender Asian girl like her. In my intoxicated state, I briefly wondered what would happen if I tried to make a move. But the moment passed and soon the lights were out.

----

The next day, May had things to do and I didn't want to overstay my welcome, so I decided to do some sight-seeing and we agreed to meet up at the train station that night.

A trip to the Eiffel tower and a few other sights under my belt, I met up with May at the entrance to Gare de Lyon station at about 9:00 that night. She smiled warmly when she saw me, which was a good sign. She wasn't having any second thoughts about spending the night with me in a train car. We bought a couple bottles of wine and a few snacks and boarded the train. One of the uniformed conductors led us to our sleeper car. He opened the sliding door to reveal a small, narrow room with a window on the far side and a couch built into the wall on the left side. The right side of the room had a small counter with a little sink. The conductor showed us how the couch folded into a bed and how two other bunks could be pulled out of the wall above, allowing three adults to sleep in the car, each on top of the other. He also told us (with May translating) that the room was not fully booked, so we would have it to ourselves. That was a relief. Having a third person crammed in there could have been awkward.  

We tossed our bags in the compartment above the door and decided to head to the restaurant car for a snack and drink. There were only a few other people in the car, so we had no trouble finding a table and were soon drinking beers and sharing a cheese plate. As we nursed our drinks, pacing ourselves for a long night, I noticed for the first time the girl who was sitting at the table diagonal from us. She was stunning, with brown flowing hair and a dark olive complexion. She looked so much like Penelope Cruz (the actress) that for a few moments I wondered if it was actually her. She wasn't, of course, but there was a definite resemblance. I tried not to make it too obvious, but whenever I could, I stole a glance at her. She was sitting by herself drinking wine and she had a large backpack resting in the chair across from her. On a couple of occasions, when I glanced over, I noticed that she was looking over at us. 

Then, to my surprise and delight, she got up and walked over to us. In what I would soon learn was a Portuguese accent, she said, "are you okay if I join you?" 

I was more than okay with that. I smiled and moved over a seat to make room for her. Within minutes, we had all ordered another round and were getting along famously. It turned out her name was Daniela. She was 20 years old and from Lisbon. She was on her way to Milan to start an internship with a design studio. She wanted to become a fashion designer. Her English wasn't completely fluent, but it was good enough to carry on a conversation, albeit haltingly at times. We shared our backgrounds with her, making clear that we were not a couple, as she had initially assumed. Her eyes lit up when I told her I was planning to move to New York City in the fall to begin grad school. She said she loved America and dreamed of someday living in Manhattan. At one point, the subject of her uncanny resemblance to Penelope Cruz came up - May had immediately noticed it too - and she seemed to blush a little. She said that she had heard that many times before and was flattered every time.

After another hour or so, the waiter came by and said (in French, Italian, German, and English) that the restaurant car was closing and we needed to return to our seats or sleeping cars. May asked Daniella whether she was staying in one of the sleeper cars. She sighed and said "oh no, too much money. I sleep in seat tonight." She motioned toward the coach section. 

May and I looked at each other, thinking the same thing. I was the first to speak. "You know, we have an extra bed in our car. You're more than welcome to have it."

"You are serious?" 

"Yes, absolutely." And then I leaned in and whispered, "we've also got more wine." 

She grinned broadly, "I love you both already."

We made our way back to the sleeper and were soon drinking red wine out of little plastic cups we'd found by the sink. We sat on the couch, myself in the middle and one girl on each side of me. Daniella was by the window, which she had opened as far as it would go because it was pretty hot in the room. Because of the heat, both girls had stripped down to just tank tops. Daniella's was very thin and rather low cut, showing a lot of cleavage. I could see drops of sweat glistening on the tops of her breasts. 

Between the alcohol and the confined space, barriers to contact quickly broke down. We couldn't help but brush against each other from time and time, and soon stories were punctuated by hands placed on each other's shoulders or thighs. At one point, Daniella kissed me on both cheeks and then gave me a bearhug while imitating the way her mother greets guests. By the time the wine ran out, it was nearly 2:30 in the morning, and the train was scheduled to reach Milan at 7:00. We decided to call it a night. May volunteered to take the topmost bunk and Daniella said she'd take the middle one. We brushed our teeth and all made quick trips to the bathrooms down the corridor.

I was the first in my bunk. Given the temperature in the car, I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep unless I stripped way down, so I took everything off but my boxer briefs and climbed onto the bottom bunk. May was next. When she returned to the room, she gave me a quick once over, lingering for a few seconds on my bare chest. Then she quickly slid her shorts down until she was in just her panties and a tanktop and began climbing the ladder to the top bunk. I returned the favor by watching her ass the entire way up. In my inebriated and sex-starved state, that view was enough to instantly give me a raging erection. A moment later, Daniella came back into the room. My hands reflexively shot down to cover myself but not before she caught sight of the tent I was pitching. She winked at me and then, like May, slid her skirt down until she was in just a pair of white cotton panties. She too had magnificent legs, slender and toned, and a perfect ass. She switched off the light and then slowly climbed on the bunk just above me. Her ass was even more beautiful lit by the moonlight coming through the window. 

I had such a raging hard-on at that point that I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep if I didn't take care of it. The way the bunks were configured, I actually had quite a bit of privacy and with the noise of the train, there was no way they would hear anything. So I slid my boxers down, freed my cock, and began stroking it. I closed my eyes and pictured Daniella. And then May too. I imagined bending each of them over the bunk and burying my cock inside first one and then the other. Before long I was stroking furiously. 

When I opened my eyes, I was startled to see long brown hair dangling over the edge of the bunk. And when I looked a little farther up and squinted, I saw Daniella's eyes peeking over the edge as well. I immediately let go of my cock and reflexively reached down to pull my boxers back up. I was mortified. But before I could really process what was happening, Daniella had dropped down to the floor and was crawling into my bunk with me. I felt her lips touch mine as her hand grabbed my arm. The message was clear. Leave the boxers off. 

We kissed for at least ten minutes, without doing much else. I was on my back and she was on her side, curled into me. Eventually she reached out and began to stroke my cock, which was still rock hard. In the position we were in, it was hard for me to do much of anything except lay there and kiss her. She was in control. 

After a few minutes, she lifted her leg over me and managed to maneuver into a straddling position on top of me. We were wedged in pretty tight, with the bunk right above us. There was just enough room for us to kiss, face to face. I had my hands on her hips, which were sweaty and slick. She ground herself into my cock as we kissed, her panties still acting as a barrier to any penetration. Then she reached back and moved the bottom of panties to one side. With the same hand, she grabbed a hold of my cock and pointed it toward her opening. And then I was inside of her. It had been several months since I'd had sex, so any kind of sex would have been exciting. But I was now fucking a girl who I'd just met a few hours earlier, a girl who looked and sounded exactly like Penelope Cruz, on an overnight train bound for Venice. This encounter was so far beyond anything I'd ever experienced that I was thankful I was so tipsy. If I'd been sober, I wouldn't have lasted more than a few seconds.

As Daniella slid up and down on my cock, she started to moan in between kisses. We were both slick with sweat. The space we were in was tight enough to induce claustrophobia, but in that moment, it was nothing but a turn on. The longer we fucked, though, the more frustrated I became with the tight confines. I wanted to be able to see her, to explore her body. But it was so dark and cramped. Then it occurred to me; the bunk above us, her bunk, was empty. I took my hands off of her ass, grabbed the cross bar above us, and pushed. The middle bunk folded back into the wall with a loud clang, much louder than I had anticipated. 

But we were free. Daniella immediately took advantage of the space, rising and stretching her arms in the air as she continued to ride my cock. I immediately reached up and cupped her breasts through her tank top. I could tell they were spectacular, just by feel, but I was determined to see them. I reached up and pulled the spaghetti straps down over her shoulders. The rest of the shirt immediately fell down to her waist, revealing a set of tits that - even in the dim moon light of the train car - I could tell were more perfect than any I'd ever seen in real life. They were full and round, with enormous dark brown areola and erect nipples. I immediately leaned in and took one of them into my mouth, which elicited a playful squeal from Daniella.

My chest was wet with sweat, as was hers, and as we pressed our bodies together the sensation intensely erotic, almost animalistic. In that moment, there was nothing else in the world but our intertwined bodies. 

It was then then I noticed it. The straight black hair hanging over the topmost bunk, the eyes locked on us, so transfixed by the sight of us that they didn't even flinch when I made eye contact. Daniella, confused by my sudden stillness, followed my gaze with her eyes. When she noticed May, Daniella smiled mischievously. Then she leaned back, placing her hands on my thighs and lifting her legs until her feet were flat on the bed, near my elbows. She began lifting her hips up and down as my cock plunged in an out of her. As she did this, she kept her head tilted back, looking up at May, watching May soak everything in. She clearly liked having an audience and was trying to put on a show. 

May was apparently liking it too, because after a minute or two, she decided to climb down and get a better view. She made her way silently to the floor and then moved to the corner by the window, where she sat on the floor facing us, her arms wrapped around her legs and her chin resting on her knees. In that position, she looked like a child curled up in front of a TV. She just sat there, watching us intently, her expression a poker face, as Daniella continued to slide up and down on my cock and moan, now more loudly than ever. 

The sight of May watching us was an enormous turn on. Never in my life, before or since, had I fucked in front of an audience. I wondered if this was a first for Daniella too. I never found out, but in retrospect, I'm pretty certain it wasn't. One thing was certain. She loved the audience even more than I did. It was like she had switched into a whole nother gear, writhing and moaning. 

May's expression was hard to read, but her eyes were focused, intense. She was taking it all in. Captivated. I'd seen that same look from her before in class, when she was concentrating, trying to commit something to memory. Then, as I watched her, she slowly spread her legs until I could see her panties. I could tell they were soaking wet. Silently, she reached her hand down and began touching herself through her panties. The lust in her eyes was now unmistakable. 

Suddenly, I was possessed by lust myself. I leaned forward, grabbed Daniella around the back, and spun her over until she was lying on her back with her head against the wall and her feet in the air. I stood on the floor, leaning over the bed, her legs up by my shoulders and my cock hovering over her. I stood still for a moment and looked over at May. She was so close now I could have reached out and touched her.with my right hand. Her eyes were fixed on my cock. Then I turned back toward Daniella and plowed my cock back into her. 

Within seconds, Daniella was practically screaming. She began touching herself frantically. It was clear she was about to come. I increased my pace, slapping into her with each stroke. After about 30 seconds, her eyes rolled back in her head and she streamed something in Portuguese as she spasmed on my cock. 

Remarkably, I still hadn't come. I was as turned on as I'd ever been in my life, but the alcohol had clearly desensitized things quite a bit. As Daniella lay motionless in front of me, spent from her orgasm, my head was spinning. My mind was completely overcome by lust and by my urgent need to find a release. I turned to my right to see that May was still watching us. She was still stroking herself through her panties. When we made eye contact, she said, "that was so fucking hot, Jake" Those were the first words she'd spoken since coming down off the bunk.
