 Author's Note: 

I'd like to thank my editors, Rip_isback, and Kirk2004, for their expert editing and advice.

This is a long story. It takes just a wee bit before the good stuff, but, there's lot's of good stuff throughout. I hope you'll enjoy it. Please stick with it until the end. Comments are appreciated. Thanks! 

 *

Orgasm Pond is a name I affectionately gave a small Adirondack lake in upstate New York after a summer I had spent there that changed my life. The real name of the lake shall remain nameless.

You know that point when you've given yourself passionately to something for years and all that something does is take, take, take? That point where you, suddenly and forcefully, can't take it anymore.

My life careened toward that breaking point for years. I was blind to it until I reached that breaking point. One day it suddenly hit me like a giant rubber band that snapped in my brain, and the thought of poking a red hot needle in my eye was more appealing than going to work. As a self proclaimed workaholic, I had been working extremely hard for the past ten years on my career. I took precious little time for myself or my wife. My marriage hit the skids a year ago, mostly from my incessant work. I took very little vacation time over the preceding years even though my compensation included five paid vacation weeks a year. I seldom took more than two weeks. When I was on those precious two weeks of vacation, I insidiously brought my laptop along and worked part of that time. That was just part of the corporate culture I was wrapped up in; it was considered weak to use all your allocated vacation. 

I was burnt out, and crisp as overcooked bacon. I told my boss that I needed some down time and would not be available by email, text, or phone for the entire months of July and August. He didn't like it much, but I insisted. I really didn't care if he fired me at that point. I was so over done.

I needed to get away. My wife was gone, and I wasn't dating anyone. There was nothing but myself standing in my way of a well deserved hiatus.

In my youth, I loved spending my summers in the Adirondack Mountains. I attended summer camp every year between the ages of eight and fifteen. During my college years, I'd spend a few weeks backpacking in the Adirondacks every summer. So, this was the first place I thought about when I decided I needed to disappear for a while. I was determined to find a place to rent for a few months on a lake in those beautiful mountains.

It was mid June when I started searching the internet for places to rent. I wanted a place on a quiet lake, one that banned motor boats, but one that allowed canoes, kayaks, and small sailboats only. Most every place was already booked for the summer to my surprise. I had no clue how early cottage rentals on lakes booked up for the summer. 

I stumbled upon an available listing that caught my eye: "Perfect getaway for those seeking sensual solitude. Loon Cottage is small but beautifully converted boathouse on a private lake. Listen to the loons serenade you to sleep every night. The cottage is available for monthly rentals only." The rental rate was about three times the going monthly rate. I thought that was one reason it must be still available. I didn't care about the price. I needed to get away and all the other desirable places were taken.

I called the number in the listing and a woman answered. 

"Hello Becky speaking," said a sweet sounding voice. 

"Hi, this is Patrick Hunt, and I'm interested in renting Loon Cottage for the months of July and August. I see it's still available," I said to the sweet voice on the other end. 

"It could be available. I need to ask you a few questions first. I interview all perspective renters before I commit to renting the cottage."

I thought this sounded odd so I questioned her policy. 

"My husband built the cottage for me with his own hands. He passed away three years ago. I am very fussy about who I rent it to. It's my prerogative. I don't allow kids, and I prefer someone, or a couple, in their thirties to fifties. You must be clean, neat, quiet, and respectful of this special place. You'll fit in better if you're open minded and adventuresome." 

"Fit in? Why would I need to fit in? I'm just looking for a place to chill for a while."

"This is a special lake. There is no public access. All properties surrounding the lake are privately owned. We have a tight community here, and we all click. I am the only property owner renting out a place on the lake, much to my neighbors chagrin. Since my husband's salary is no longer coming in, I need the rental income in order to help defer the costs of keeping the cottage. My neighbors are very particular about outsiders on the lake."

"That sounds very elitist," I said. 

"I know it does, but those are my terms. Do you want to proceed with the interview?"

I was getting desperate to get something before I got shutout for the season, so I agreed. She asked how old I was, whether I was single or married, what political party I was most aligned with, and how I felt about nudity. The nudity question threw me for a loop, but I let it slide. 

"You must submit a health report with a recent screening for sexually transmitted diseases," she added. 

"What!" I said astonished.

"Some of my neighbors are single, and they like to play the field. I'm just looking out for their health," she said.

"That's absurd! How do you know I want anything to do with your neighbors?" I said getting a little angry now.

"You said you're single and unattached. My neighbors are hot and persuasive. I'd only be a matter of time," she said as if she seen her neighbors devour her renters before. 

I thought about the absurdity of it all for a few seconds and then realized I hadn't gotten laid in about six months, and I could use some action. My wife and I split up a year ago. For the first four months, I did nothing but sit around depressed and work, of course. My friends were telling me to get back in the game. It was depressing for them to watch me sulk around they'd tell me. So, for the next two months I tried dating. I got lucky a few times, but lost interest because I was still not over my ex-wife. It's been four months since my last date. At 35 years old, I wasn't getting any younger. It might be time to seize an opportunity if it came up. 

"OK, I'll get a blood test and send you the results," I said.

I must have passed the interview and her health test because she rented the cottage to me. 

July 1st came and I followed Becky's directions to the cottage. I arrived late in the evening. It was about 8:00 PM, and I was tired from the long drive. Becky greeted me in a silky robe. It was a warm summer night, and she didn't bothered to tie her robe tight. I could see a lot of cleavage and her ample breasts were barely covered. Her robe was short, and I could see her tanned, toned legs were smooth and sexy. Becky looked to be in her late thirties, maybe forty. She showed me the cottage and the dock that it shared with her house and the neighbor to my right. She pointed to the house up the path. That was hers. 

"I hope you don't mind seeing people skinny dip? Most of the owners on the lake skinny dip, so you'll see lots of naked people out and about. As I told you on the phone, the lake is private."

"No, no problem," I said. 

I crashed in bed as soon as Becky left. I didn't even unpack. I went to sleep to the sound of loons calling across the lake. The loon calls were just as I remembered from my youth, and what a magical, mystical sound they made. I love all the calls a loon makes, but I think the wail call was my favorite. To be lying in bed at night and hearing the wailing of the loons sent shivers down my spine. Oddly, it's both an eerie and comforting sound at the same time. 

The next morning was a beautiful bluebird day. I slept in late so I missed the sunrise. I brewed some coffee. I poured a cup and headed out to the dock to sit and enjoy the water. I sat in a chair on the dock next to the water's edge. I closed my eyes and was enjoying the sun on my face when I heard what sounded like someone swimming. I opened my eyes and saw a woman doing the breast stroke. She was approaching the dock, and I could see she was naked. Then I remembered what Becky said last night about skinny dippers. 

As the woman climbed out of the lake, I could see it was Becky herself. She smiled at me as she climbed out of the water. Her body came into my view as she ascended the swim ladder just 10 feet from where I was sitting. She had a nice wide smile with pretty teeth. Her blue eyes glistened in the sun. Her light brown hair, with just a hint of red, was wet and shimmering as it lay mat against her shoulders. As her breasts popped into view, I could see they were lovely orbs. I estimated about 34C's. Her nipples were erect due to the cold water. As she climbed the stairs, the rest of her body came into my view. Becky's waist was narrow and her hips full. Her pussy had hair. She was not a shaver of pubic hair, but it was neatly trimmed. Her legs were strong looking, not too skinny and not too plump. I felt aroused as I checked Becky's body out. 

"Good morning. You can put your eyes back in your head now," she said with a big grin.

I must have been staring. 

"Sorry," I said. 

"No need to apologize, you'll get use to seeing nude bodies around here. Like I said, most everyone skinny dips here. You should too. Don't be shy."

She sat in the chair next to me and started chatting about this and that. I suddenly felt over dressed.

I reached up and pulled off my t-shirt. I felt a little uncomfortable about simply pulling my shorts off in front of her. After all, I had just met her briefly last night. She saw my hesitation and eased my fears. 

"You might as well get comfortable," she said, and then continued with her conversation.

I pulled off my shorts and was now naked. My cock was hard at the thought of being freed in front of this beautiful woman. My hard-on popped up as I sat back down.

"Wow, you must be feeling frisky this morning?" She grinned as she stared at my erection. "Go ahead and take care of yourself if you need to. I won't mind."

I was hoping she was going to initiate something that would lead to the two of us having sex, but here she was telling me I could masturbate in front of her if I wanted.

"Here? Out in the open? On your dock?" I asked incredibly.

"Sure, no one cares. You'll see all kinds of things around these parts."

Well it didn't look like she was going to initiate sex with me, and by now I was really horny. Something about being free from the stress of work, being in the mountains, out by the water, and naked got me juiced up. So I tentatively reached for my cock and started stroking it lightly. We continued our conversation, as my hand knew what to do without much thought from my brain. As I got more excited, I couldn't follow the conversation. I couldn't remember what she just said or what we were talking about. All I could think about was that I was stroking my cock in front of a nude stranger. Becky let a hand slide down to her pussy, and she started lightly fingering her clit while she watched me work my cock. She kept right on talking about this and that as if nothing was happening.

I started working my cock harder now, and soon felt a need to cum. I spit on my cock to lube it up and started palming the head on the up stroke. I could hear Becky's breathing getting more labored as she talked, but she kept the same conversation going - something about the history of the lake, I think, maybe some gossip about the neighbors. She could tell I was close to cumming by my breathing and my moans. I cupped my left hand in front of my cock to catch my sperm.

"Let it fly into the lake. The fish love it," she could barely say as she herself was cumming.

I stood up to the edge of the dock and let my semen fly right into the lake as my body quaked and quivered in orgasm. Standing naked with a nude stranger just a few feet away, and on a dock by the water as the sun warmed my body and mind, and as the glow of a fresh climaxed washed over me, I felt more sexually charged at that very moment than I had in years. Sure enough, soon little fish came and gobbled up my gobs of goo floating in the water near the dock. I sat back down, and we continued our conversation as if nothing had happened. 

After a while, Becky announced she needed to go. She had to get ready for a party she was hosting this evening. 

"Why don't you come?" she asked. "You'll fit right in. Clothing is optional. It starts at 6:00PM sharp." She winked at me as she walked away from the dock up her path to her house.

Clothing optional? She must be joking, I thought. I jumped in the lake for a swim. I then went inside the cottage for breakfast and to read one of the trashy novels I purchased the other day for this trip. You know the kind, real slutty, a lot of sex. I usually masturbate to a good raunchy story, but since I already did that at the dock, I just read and enjoyed the feeling of being sexually charged by the erotic story. 

It was early in the afternoon, and I felt like taking the canoe out for a paddle. I put on my swim suit, grabbed the paddle, my sun glasses, a beer, and headed out with the canoe. The lake was beautiful. It was a fairly calm day with just a little light wind. I paddled right near the shore. I wanted to check out some of the other homes and cottages along the lake. I came upon two young ladies on a sunfish. They were naked. Damn, I thought, this lake takes this skinny dipping thing to an extreme. As I paddled on further on, I saw a man and a woman paddling a canoe. They were both also naked. I was feeling over dressed again, so I stripped off my swim trunks.

As I rounded a bend, still near the shore I came upon a dock jutting out into the water. On the dock, on what looked like a large double chase lounge that was set flat like a bed, were two young women. They were naked, and one was eating the others pussy. The one being eaten had her eyes closed and her head tilted back toward the sky. As she heard my paddle in the water, she opened her eyes, lowered her head, and smiled at me.

"Hi. Lovely day, isn't it?" she said so matter-of-factly, unconcerned that I was within 20 feet of her while she was receiving oral sex. The young woman eating her, raised her head from her friend's pussy, turned, and looked my way smiling. I paddled on with a boner. 

"What is with this lake?" I was thinking as I paddled on around the lake. It's like a porn movie or one of my wildest fantasies. "Was I in a dream?" I thought. I slapped my face - no, not dreaming. 

I returned back to the dock, and, as I was putting the canoe away, a woman who looked to be about 35 years old came walking down the path to the dock. She was approaching from the cottage on the other side of the Loon Cottage, the opposite side from Becky's house. This woman was dressed in a t-shirt and shorts. From what I had seen on the lake, this woman looked out of place. She was over dressed. I hadn't bothered to put my swim trunks back on after seeing all the naked people on the lake, not to mention the two women having oral sex.

"Hi, I'm Susan. My cottage is on the other side of yours," said the dressed woman as she approached me.

"Well, it's not mine. I'm only renting," I said, feeling a little funny standing there naked in front of her.

"Yes, I know, Becky owns it. She's the only one on the lake that rents a place out to vacationers," she said.

"My name is Patrick." I extend my hand to greet her, and my cock extended a little too.

"Nice to meet you," she said, as she shook my hand. She then stole a look at my cock and grinned before she continued on to the end of the dock.

I started up the path to the cottage and turned to get another look at her. I thought she was kinda cute. I saw her pulling her t-shirt off, so I was thinking I'd be seeing her naked in a few moments. As she pulled off her shirt and lowered her shorts, I saw that she wore a bikini. She had a hot body and her red bikini showed it off nicely. Susan was a blonde with a nice shape. She was about 5'5" tall, and had smaller breasts than Becky's. I'd say 34B. Her ass was shapely and filled out her bikini bottom nicely. Then it really hit me. She is wearing a bikini. She wasn't swimming nude! Shocking, I thought. I hear her splash in the water as I continued up the path to my cottage. I went inside, fixed myself a cocktail, and headed out to the covered porch that overlooked the water. I picked up my trashy book and started reading. I read a few chapters, and I was engrossed in a real hot sex scene when I hear, "Reading anything good?"

I looked up and Susan was standing on the path near the porch. 

"Just some slutty sex novel," I said blushing a little. I don't know why I blushed. She just caught me off guard. 

"Where are my manners? Come on up," I said. Susan came up the stairs and onto the porch. I offered her a seat.

"I'm a little wet," she said. 

"Oh, my manners again," I said as I rushed to get her a towel.

She dried herself off, still in her bikini and used the towel to put down on the chair so as not to get the chair wet. 

"I'm having a cocktail, would you like one?"

"Sounds lovely."

"Gin and tonic?" 

"Perfect."

We chatted for a while getting to know one another. Susan was single, never married, a school teacher, and she summered at the lake. 

"Let me ask you something. Why do you wear a bathing suit when everyone else walks around naked?" I asked her.

"I don't know," she said looking down with a shy expression. "This place is nuts. Everyone's a pervert around here. I just never got into that sort of thing." She blushed as she looked down. Her legs were crossed, the top leg swung nervously.

"I didn't mean to pry. It just seems like the whole lake is one big nudist colony," I said.

"More like one big orgy," she added, still looking down.

There was a very long awkward moment of silence. I didn't know what to say, and I regretted bringing it up. I was grappling with what to say to change the subject when she blurted out, "I guess I am shy," she said almost as if it was a revelation to her. I felt bad now. I just met this woman, and I somehow hit a raw nerve with her.

"Well, there is nothing wrong with being shy," I said trying to make her feel better.

"I wish I could be more open and free like everyone else around here, but I just can't," she said looking at me with a sad look in her eyes. 

"Look, it's none of my business, but you should live your life the way you want to," I said trying to end this conversation with her feeling good about herself. 

"I just stay home and masturbate while the rest of the lake is having their orgies," she said. Again she was looking at the floor.

This was way more information than I had bargained for. Don't get me wrong, the thought of Susan masturbating intrigued me, but she seemed a little depressed. 

"I suppose you're going to Becky's party tonight?" she asked.

"Becky invited me this morning," I stated. "You weren't invited?"

"I'm always invited. I just never go," she said solemnly.

"I gotta go," she suddenly said. "I'll be home masturbating while you're getting your asshole licked, or whatever they do at those fucking parties." With that she got up and abruptly left.

I was stunned. First, I was stunned because the party I was invited to was indeed an orgy, so the clothing optional comment from Becky this morning was not a joke. Secondly, the neighbor on the other side of me poured her heart out to me about feeling left out of all the fun -- not because she wasn't invited, but due to some sense of morality. However, her morals didn't encompass her not telling me that she stays home and masturbates while these parties are going on. Weird day this was turning out to be. 
