 My boyfriend and I were holidaying in Normandy, France, and were visiting the beach for the day. A beautiful piece of coast line, it was a wonder it was so sparsely populated. To the north stretched a long line of dunes, tufted with a patchwork of tall, sea-strong grasses and other coastal flora. To the south, tall cliffs steeped down to a formation of slanting rocks that jutted and reached around the curve of the bay, making home to all manner of aquatic life in the many rock pools and crevices they gave situ. The sand was soft and golden, the sea a deep turquoise. Perhaps it was only the reputed strong tides, and unpredictable currents that stopped this from becoming a distasteful tourist hotspot, local and foreign alike, but for us it suited our purposes and provided all the enjoyment we needed for a day at the beach. 

My boyfriend had already been out body-surfing the large waves as the tide went out, and as it had now reached its nadir he was back upon the sands near the top of the beach by the rocks, lounging on his sun towel and browsing a book. I, who had had my turn relaxing, told him I was off to take a dip now the water was calmer, and rose to wander down the long sands to where the tide was out. I got up and took off my sunglasses, and sauntered away, fully conscious that he was watching me as I did so; he loves to watch me walk away, he tells me, as I have 'the most beautiful natural wiggle.' So as I paced away nonchalantly I made sure my hips swayed from side to side provocatively just as nature intended. After a few paces I turned and cast him a seductive look, dipping my chest down from the waste and jiggling my cleavage at him with a giggle. He smiled and went back to his book. I carried on to the sea.

I was wearing a one-piece swimsuit, deep, dark brown, open at the base of the back where the low-rise panty-section just about covered my pert derriere. The front slanted down in a narrow V to my navel, but was held together at the bosom by a thick gold ring, displaying my ample cleavage magnificently. When I got to the water the tide was beginning to turn, and the waves were just rising slightly as the sea started to make its way back up the beach. I swam luxuriously in the warm, late summer waters, a gentle breast-stroke so as not mess up my hair and make-up, letting the tide carry me slowly round the curve of the coastline and behind the scope of the rocks that trailed down from the cliffs towards the waters. 

Just as I was beginning to feel tired, and feeling like I ought to head back to the shore, a giant wave rose out of nowhere. It picked me up in its thunderous clutches and reeled me rolling and rattling uncontrollably in the heavy surf, to leave me crawling on all fours in the shallows and gasping for breath. My hair was pushed forward over my face, in my eyes salty seawater, and speckles of sand and seaweed besmirched my costume and figure variously. The straps of my swimsuit had been forced down about my elbows, and my two large tits had tumbled out into the elements and now dangled beneath me as I crawled and staggered out of the surf. My big nipples were hard and erect from the surface of the cold water, which they tickled as they swung beneath me. One half of the backside of my costume had ridden up into the cleft of my butt cheeks, revealing a single naughty buttock to the sun above, pink from being slapped hard by the water. 

As I stood and reoriented myself, I noticed I had come ashore not too distant from a group of three young men, who stood, obviously surprised at the sudden bounty the gods had brought them, and leering unselfconsciously; I must have looked like some disheveled Hellenic sea-strumpet, clambering out from the waters after the most rigorous pounding by Poseidon himself!

Well, not wanting to appear to lose all my dignity, instead of striving to cover myself in any kind of panic I simply ignored them and stretched my elbows upwards towards the heavens, arching my back and thrusting my big wet tits forwards to glisten in the sun. Closing my eyes, I swept the hair back from my face, then proceeded to disentangle a strand of seaweed that had wrapped itself around my midriff. 

When I looked up again, the three men had advanced and surrounded me. Of the two to my left and right, one was blonde with golden skin, I guessed of Dutch or Germananic origin, the other paler with fair brown hair, possibly French. The tallest and most dominant of the three had placed himself directly in front of me. He had tanned olive skin, a muscular stomach and lean body, and dark, short spiky hair. He looked at me expectantly with his deep brown eyes, and without a word dropped his swim shorts to the floor. His cock was long and thick, tanned the same colour as the rest of his skin, and his pubic hair short and neatly trimmed about his balls and shaft. 

Despite the potential hazard of the situation—being surrounded by three strapping and horny young men on a deserted bit of beach, totally obscured from the view of my boyfriend by the outcrop of rocks—I didn't flinch from his gaze but returned it directly. Something in the moment -- perhaps the brief flirtation I had enjoyed with my boyfriend before I embarked on my swim—had me feeling uncannily horny and suddenly ready to take on whatever the lust god could throw at me. 

Now, my boyfriend's penis is also of a generous stature, similar to the member now confronting me—I do like my men to be well endowed—so I just bit my lip coquettishly and tilted my head a fraction, undeterred by his confident display of manhood. He smiled faintly at my resolution, seeing I was not intimidated. Meanwhile, the gentlemen to my left and right reached out to me crudely. One slapped a hand lightly onto my exposed buttock and started pawing at it playfully, like a lion cub with stunned and smaller mammal, while the other grabbed for my d-cups, taking my right breast in his mitt and kneading it hungrily. I stood, unperturbed, enjoying my subjection to this unbridled display of degenerate young lust, and continued to fix the Latin gentleman before me with a defiant half-smile. He then put his two strong hands on my shoulders and firmly, but not violently, began to push me down to my knees until his slowly bulging member was directly level with my face.

The other two also dropped their shorts, and their two erections soon sprang up about my face, nudging my cheeks and temples like eager puppies. I paid them no heed, however, and continued to stare, entranced, at the long tanned penis in front of me. Raising my two hands to the side of it, I gently stroked the tips of my fingers down its full length, drawing it towards my mouth. Still growing, I took it in my warm, wet mouth and lapped my fat tongue up the base of the bell-end greedily, covering it in spittle. After coaxing him to full capacity, I sucked away more rigorously, bobbing my head up and down the length of his shaft and murmuring appreciatively, really enjoying the perverse sensation of having my face stuffed with a stranger's giant cock while my boyfriend relaxed unknowingly on the beach only a hundred or so meters away. And as I sucked and slurped noisily, my vocal appreciation slowly morphing into exaggerated yelps and murmurs, I reached up to the two cocks on either side of me and started wanking them lovingly. 

Then I began to administer them each in turn with my hungry mouth, turning from one to the other in quick succession, licking and swallowing at the three swollen bell-ends gluttonously, as if I simply couldn't swallow them fast enough, while still wanking away at the other two, and gazing up at all three sets of eyes who stared approvingly down, smirking confidently, unable to believe their good luck.

Next, still sucking away at the dark haired man and the blonde, I pulled the brunette bloke's penis downwards and guided him to lie beneath me. Then, with my rear end facing towards him, I lowered myself down onto his great, bulging penis, and started riding him vigorously. My big tits bounced and jigged as I bobbed up and down on his long thick pole, and I giggled uproariously, gripping and tugging at the two penises in front of me wildly. Soon, I felt the thighs beneath me begin to tense and spasm slightly, so I dismounted him quickly, seating myself on his stomach and clutching his penis to the soft moist fur of my pussy and bouncing up and down against it gently. As he came, I laughed with outright abandon, staring up at the other two as the hot jets of semen arced upwards onto my belly and over my fingers and hands. When he had finished, and his penis began to limp downwards, I took my two sets of sticky fingers and circled them over my breasts and nipples, squeezing and massaging his hot spunk onto the tanned and glistening skin of my big tits.

Still grinning (somewhat demonically perhaps), a wild passion glinting in my large green eyes, I shifted round on the prostrate body beneath me, kneeling above him on all fours so my cum-covered tits dangled tantalisingly just above his face. Then, looking backwards over my shoulder, I reached round and pulled the blonde guy down by his cock to a kneeling position behind me, and shunted it towards my anus. He took his cue obediently, the faintest touch of nerves animating his body, but mustering himself to tense his muscular golden thighs and slowly inch his fat penis deep into my back passage. The sensation was intense, and despite the slight pain—I only very rarely let my boyfriend indulge in such practice—once the g-spot deep inside has been activated there really is nothing like it; the pleasure is immense. As he started pounding me, slowly at first because of the tightness, I could feel his aching cock pulsing ecstatically against my sphincter, and felt his two hands grip my rump and start pushing and pulling me forcefully into him and away from him, in and out, in and out, fucking my arse like a professional. 

Now the Latin fellow came back around in front of me, and between my gasps and squeals of pain and pleasure, I looked up at him and opened my mouth invitingly, licking my pouting red lips. He responded accordingly, shoving his own big cock back into my mouth and taking the sides of my head in his strong hands, grasping bunches of hair between his fingers, and began fucking my face forcefully. I withstood his motions, choking back the initial reaction to gag, before deep-throating like a porn star. 

Meanwhile the brunette beneath me had woken back into life, and was now mauling my two tits with his big clumsy hands and sucking greedily away at my cum-covered nipples—either he had forgotten, or he didn't care, or perhaps it turned him on to think how those two very nipples were generously smeared in his own juices. Either way, he sucked and slurped at them lustrously, while at the same time his now erect penis rose again up towards my sopping wet quim, poking at it impatiently, until I descended generously upon it.

Now I was pinioned between these three young studs, sitting astride the prostrate body of one of them while he fucked my pussy from below, as he leaned up from the waste to paw and grasp at my heaving bosom with his hands and mouth, while another knelt behind me and DP'd me, plunging his big fat cock in and out of my arse with gusto, and spanking my buttocks periodically, at the same time as the third stood before me, his two hands ruffling and tugging the hair at the sides of my head as he filled my mouth with his own hot penis. 

Anyone watching from the cliff above could have spied us - I even thought I caught a glimpse of a middle-aged couple in bright coloured windbreakers, staring in appalled disbelief at the depravity below. But I didn't care. In that moment I was completely abandoned to the debauched and royal stuffing I was receiving, like some decadent medieval queen being engorged by her servants. Each time I arched my back and motioned my hips downwards, I dropped my groin onto the hard cock in my pussy, which I then gripped tightly with the inner muscles of my vagina. Then, as I thrust back up away from it, enjoying each ridge and pulsing vain as it slipped out from my tight, wet cunt, I would feel my anus filling up deliciously with an equally large member, positively burning into me as it pounded against my g-spot. And as I bucked backwards and forwards from the two-way pistons penetrating my midriff, in and out of my mouth rammed a third gigantic penis, dipping deep down into my throat and over my tongue, while I slurped and licked at it furiously. 

Now, I can't recall ever being so uncontrollably aroused, or acting with such licentious abandon. I had certainly never been with more than one man at once before, let alone two. But just as the full consciousness of my situation began to dawn on me I felt my climax arriving, the orgasm taking me powerfully by the whole body, gripping me in its own tidal wave of enjoyment and sending a deep, involuntary shudder throughout my frame. At precisely the same time, I felt the cock in my pussy explode in a second orgasm, firing hot jism powerfully up inside me, which then squelched back round the thick shaft of his member and began oozing down out of my pussy lips. Almost simultaneously, I felt the cock in my rear slip out accidentally, and just as it did so shoot its payload directly onto my anus and up my bum crack, and over my exposed buttocks, the crotch of my swimming costume having been stretched crudely to the side. Finally, just at that same moment, as the two men finished their ejaculating, the latino in my mouth jerked outwards and sent a thick jet of spunk straight over my lips and face, followed by a second spurt which fell upon my chin and down my neck, and trailed across one of my breasts and nipple. All four of us then sighed and heaved heavily in the body, subsiding our exertions and collapsing upon the sand in a tangled and sweaty heap.

After a moment's respite, we decoupled ourselves and rose, studying each other appreciatively. They admired my disheveled appearance and cum-splattered body. My swimming costume, still runched crudely sideways over one buttock, exposed my spunk-wet pussy, while the thick semen drooled down the cleft of my arse and dripped onto my inner thighs and down the backs of my legs. My shoulder straps were still twisted and stretched slovenly about my elbows, and my big wet tits now glistened from both the salt-water and sweat, as well as the cum I had rubbed over them, while a thick line of pearly-white semen streaked diagonally upwards across one breast and over a nipple, and up my throat to my chin and lips, even some way across my cheek. 

I smiled at them cheekily, licking my lips and giving the dark-haired chap a final squeeze of the genitals before strutting off from whence I came, slipping into the sea once more to swim back round the bay. I could feel their eyes upon me as I slid gracefully back into the water (far opposed to the way I had come out of it!), and swam back ably around the cove.

Once I judged the semen had adequately washed itself from my body, and I had righted my costume beneath the water, I emerged, glistening and refreshed from the waves to wander back up the beach to my boyfriend. I could tell he had watched me appreciatively as I had risen, my full, firm figure cutting quite a spectacle amongst the other sparse populants of the beach, whom were mostly older and middle aged. I smiled provocatively as I approached him on his beach towel, still with the book lolling lazily in his hands, and stretched and pushed my hair back in the sun before him. 

Behind us, an older couple, just arriving on the beach, were removing their windbreakers and casting disapproving frowns in my direction. I laid back on my elbows and sighed contentedly. The towel beneath me was deliciously warm from the sun.

'Nice swim sweetheart? You were gone a long time.' He inquired. 

I breathed, a deep contented sigh, and laid down on my back with my eyes closed. I could feel my arse and pussy tingling from the heavy fucking I had just received, and in my mouth the memory of the giant cock I had sucked still burned. 

'Yes dear, very invigorating,' I replied happily, thinking then and there what a good fucking I was going to give him that very evening by way of silent apology and appreciation, to make it up to him for missing all the fun, and also because the intensely erotic experience I had just endured, while fully sating me, had in a way also only stimulated me further. I felt I could go again right now, in fact, and I leaned over and kissed my boyfriend passionately on the lips, allowing his tongue to dart briefly into my mouth.

'I Swam all the way round the bay and back again,' I said, in explanation for the extended time I had been gone. He just smiled and went back to his book, pushing his shades up on his nose a little. 

'Yes, I can taste the salt in your mouth,' He stated, 'You must have swallowed some water.' I just murmured vaguely, reclining back down with a smile to relax again in the hot holiday sun.