 Muriel includes the other men in her effort to have a baby. There's no incest in this chapter and no MM sex, though there is MM togetherness. If that's a problem, look elsewhere. The action is MFM.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle.

Enjoy.

======

They lay there, wrapped into a tight ball, rocking in each other's arms until Mark's now soft cock slips from Muriel's vagina. They roll to their sides, separate slightly, and stare at each other, hands cupping each other's cheeks.

"How are your knees, beautiful man?"

"Just fine, beautiful sexy woman."

They are quiet. Muriel's eyes are closed. Mark listens to the sound of the surf. He imagines what's happening inside his lover's body. He hopes, prays, his cum is rolling its way up her womb to break in waves over a waiting egg to make a baby for her. For him. 

"I hope we made a baby, Muriel. Honest."

"Me, too, sweet one. Me, too." Muriel murmurs, eyes still closed. "I'm visualizing all your beautiful little spermies racing inside me."

Mark chuckles. "So was I. Weird." He's silent for a moment. "What if there's something wrong with my sperm?"

"Don't be silly, why would there be anything wrong with your sperm?"

"I don't know. Why does any dude have defective sperm? Happens though."

"No negativity. Okay? Please."

Mark rolls close enough to kiss her shoulder. "I don't mean to sound negative. But maybe we should hedge our bets."

Muriel's eyes open. "What do you mean, 'Hedge our bets'?"

"I mean we're surrounded by the men we love most in this world. Why not..."

"You mean try to get pregnant by your father? Your brother?"

"Yeah, why not? I mean," he grins at her. "It's not like you haven't had sex with them." He rises up on one elbow. "What about Jim?"

"Oh, sure. Owen, too I suppose?"

Mark looks puzzled. "I forgot about Owen." He shrugs. "You like him. Bill likes him. I'm not sure if he's willing. And Jim would need Jill's blessing."

Muriel sits up, feels fluid begin to run down her legs and lies back. She swivels on the carpet, puts her feet up on the sofa, slides a pillow under her butt. She looks at Mark upside down. "You're serious?"

"Totally. I want you to have a baby. If my sperm is fine and it's mine, great. If not, I'll be happy with any baby that's yours. Fuck, if all of 'em are shooting blanks, we can adopt."

"Adopt? Mark, hon, take a breath. You're not willing to live with me yet and you want to adopt?"

"No, I want a baby with you but if that doesn't work, then you should adopt. Single woman can adopt. You don't technically need me."

Muriel shakes her head. "You're Bill's brother, alright. Both of you seem to prefer to jump in with both feet."

"So? We look first. If we like what we see, hell yeah, we jump in with both feet." He rolls over on his stomach, his head above Muriel. He gives her an upside down kiss. "Should I go get them?"

"What!? No, not yet." 

Mark's eyes widen and he smiles. "Yet?"

"And I thought I was crazy before," she replies, shaking her head. "I'm going to keep my ass in the air for another, I don't know, twenty minutes. Then, we can talk to them about this. If we're going to do this, we should space it out I think. I'm not as regular as I use to be but it should be about the right time." She reaches up and pats his cheek. "I wasn't using any birth control. I wasn't planning on telling you. I wasn't expecting anything out of you, except maybe a baby." 

"That's cool. I'd have only been pissed if it had worked and you didn't tell me." 

He rolls onto his back and lies with his head next to Muriel's. The top of his head pressed against her shoulder. "I almost didn't come on vacation with them this year," he whispers, mostly to himself.

"I'm glad you did," Muriel assures him. "Now be quiet. I'm doing a Richard Gere. I'm sending good thoughts to all your little swimmers and my patient eggs. Time to get to work ladies. Make momma proud. Make momma a momma."

