 Sasha was a week back from the women's retreat, and her body still tingled remembering the night in the hot tub with Sapphire and the anonymous couple watching them from a few feet away. She felt warm and satisfied with the memory, and comfortable the following day in the circle of women and exchanging a brief smile of mutual recognition with Sapphire, peacefully acknowledging their moments together but not feeling attached nor regretful nor yearning for more. It just was, and that was enough.

Back at her home on the Cape, in the humid, sweltering afternoon she bicycled down to Longnook Beach, descended the tall dune there with her bag and folding chair and umbrella, and walked south a couple hundred yards until she arrived at the nude section of the beach. There were mostly men there, single and in small gay groups, and a scattering of couples. She found a spot that felt far enough away from other people, set up her umbrella and chair and beach towel, and pulled her David Bowie t-shirt over her head. No bra -- it was too hot. She wiggled out of her light-weight jeans and thong, and picked up her sunscreen. As she rubbed it over her breasts and belly, two men walked by, completely tan, their swinging cocks hanging heavily brown, and gave her appreciating smiles. 

"My honey, you look good," one said in a singsong voice. He held the other man's hand. 

"Thanks," she called out. "But my upper arms have that thing starting up!" and she pinched a bit of flesh between her elbow and armpit, grinning. She squirted lotion on her legs and shoulders and ass, and rubbed it in, and laid her towel over her beach chair and then she sat down and put on her wide round straw hat and classic Ray-Bans, and picked up her book -- one of the books from the workshop's reading list. She was eating it up, highlighting almost ever section. 

Every so often, she looked up at the gentle swell of the waves, dark blue and pulsing, as sweat ran in rivulets between her breasts and over her belly button and between her legs. She put her book down and walked down to the ocean, imagining Portugal in the distance, far beyond she could see. The water was frigid, as usual, and she walked in up to her waist, goose bumps on her legs, and then took a deep breath and dropped to her knees in the water, dunking completely, her hat floating on the water. She held her sunglasses in place, and then stood right up, streaming. She put her hat back on and noticed how the cold had made her nipples stand up hard, and she was pleased as she walked back to her chair, and picked up her Ogden book again, let her legs fall loosely apart, and flipped through the sections she had highlighted:

"I believe it is supremely important that we have images and role models for 'yes' as well as for 'no.' This book is centered around a variety of women who have found unique ways to feel the full spectrum of their sexual experience—body, mind, heart, and soul."

"... the double standard that says it's OK for men to love sex, but not OK for women."

"The problem is that much of what passes for fascinating sex is actually disconnected sex—physical sensation that is quite removed from our emotional and spiritual lives, and also from our partners. Or it is severely constricted by societal convention rather than our own inner guidance. Healthy sexuality is not a diversion, it is part of the whole story, integral to the quality of life, adding dimension and purpose."

"... we can all move toward defining sex for ourselves and creating a world in which women—and men—can safely choose to love sex. The kind of sex that nourishes and delights us and expands our spirits".

"If it is joyous and satisfying, women may say that their sexual responses open them to a sense of wholeness—a connection of body, mind, heart, and soul; a sense of oneness with their partners, with the universe. There is no one all-encompassing reason for women to love sex. They love it because it helps them escape from their ordinary routines. They love it because it connects them with their inner beings and because it leads them to romance, love, and intimacy with partners, men and also women. They love it because it feels good, sometimes good enough to change the course of their lives."

"... envision a sexual response cycle that flows directly from (and to) all kinds of life situations rather than one that revs up with vaginal lubrication, climaxes, and finally rolls over on its side and falls asleep."

"Geez," she thought. This woman is speaking to me. When I wanted something in bed, it never seemed to be the right size, or the right time. I grew up so innocently, and in my relationships and marriage I even wondered if I ought to want what I wanted, if my wishes were normal. And they weren't so far out anyway -- no whips and chains! (Not that there's anything wrong with that, she mused). That stupid therapist I had -- he made me read all those self-help books about living with what I had and trying to enjoy it, to make do, for the sake of normalcy or family or whatever - that asshole pathologized my normal desires for touch and love and all of it!

Suddenly incensed, she stood up abruptly and decided to walk down the beach. She loved the feeling of walking naked outdoors, feeling the eyes of men track her from left to right as she passed (which made her slightly wet and hot in the belly). She kicked the water and occasionally touched her breasts, still slick with lotion and the ocean. The warm air felt so good on her body and her hair gradually dried, salty and tousled. She licked the salt off her wrist. It tasted good. 

She rounded a bend in the beach towards the more private area that was invisible to the main part of the beach, and thought about lying down on some hot piece of sand and touching herself. The heat aroused her -- she could lie back and get all sandy on her back and play with herself until she came. She came easily these days, she reflected, enjoying the knowledge of this -- she was far more out of her head and into her body than she had been.

But just ahead of her, not far at all, she saw a couple lying on a wide straw beach mat. That wasn't accurate actually -- the woman was sitting astride the man, facing his feet and the ocean, and holding his knees. He lay on his back, hands folded behind his head, and then he grabbed a towel and made a little pillow which he put under his head, and put a hand on the woman's hips, his thumbs at her sacrum.

She walked closer, near the water's edge, looking straight ahead and occasionally flicking her eyes to the couple as she neared them. The woman had her eyes closed and was slowly, leisurely, sliding up and down on the man's cock, which she could see between each rise and descent, thick and long as half a baguette.

"My goodness," she thought. "They're fucking." 

She wondered if she should walk by, but then decided, heck, it's a public beach, I can do what I want. The woman had her long blonde hair loose; she was tanned but had bikini lines; her white ample breasts swayed up and down with her movements. The man was also tan but had clearly been wearing a bathing suit -- his skin there was white too. His forearms looked muscular and his chest had just the right amount of hair. As she glanced at them, she felt turned on by the tan lines, by the idea that this might be their first time at the nude beach. And then, just as she was only ten feet away, she realized she knew them: it was Rob and Cindy from just down the lane where she lived. She had had drinks with them just the other night.

She drew closer, hugging the water line, thinking she could scoot by, but it was high tide and they were on the little cliff-like rise of pure white sand bordering the wet sand. She glanced over at them, their skins glistening with sweat, their muscles taut, their movements deliberate and slow, caressing. Their eyes were closed; Cindy seemed to be concentrating on keeping Rob inside her; even as she rose as high as she could on his cock, she kept the tip just inside him, before gratefully sliding back down all the way to his balls and tilting her hips up and down to hold him just right. Rob was caressing her buttocks and scratching her back. He squirted suntan oil on his hands and rubbed them against her back, and Sasha could see him slip a thumb into Cindy's ass as she rose, and she trembled.

Cindy opened her eyes and saw her. Sasha realized she had stopped walking and was just watching them, mesmerized. Cindy stopped moving for just a second and then smiled at Lisa as she resumed riding Rob. 

"Hi," she called out. "Rob, it's Sasha!"

Rob looked around from behind Cindy -- his eyes seemed glazed over with the ecstasy of the moment. 

"Hey," he said. "Don't you look naked!"

Sasha blushed, and said, "Don't let me interrupt!" and turned to continue her walk.

"Wait," called Cindy. "Come and join us."

Sasha felt an electric sensation spiral up her spine. She faced the coupling man and woman and considered. They were both looking at her with hungry, intoxicated expressions. She enjoyed the sight of the clean lines of their bodies, Rob's muscular arms and strong thighs, the powerful length of his cock, the tan lines of both their bodies, Cindy's firm and swinging breasts, her tanned ribcage and her strong hands holding Rob's knees. She felt wet and her nipples rose. She felt turned on by the obvious love the couple shared, and how daring they were in having sex in public.

She walked up the small dune towards them. She threw her hat on the sand and dropped her sunglasses in it. Where to begin, she wondered? Where to start this new adventure? What were they thinking? Would Cindy mind if she kissed Rob? Was that part of the expectation? Would Rob be turned on if she sucked Cindy's nipples? Would Cindy be OK with it if she caressed Rob's balls as Cindy rode him, her fingers on Cindy's clit, stroking? And what if she straddled Rob's mouth and held Cindy's shoulders and he sucked her pussy? What if she knelt between Rob's spread legs and poured that coconut suntan oil all over his erection and his balls and his ass, and then began to stroke him in the tantric way she had recently learned, slowly, deliberately, with both hands and then with one, as with the other she slid a finger in his anus and massaged him there, and would she feel his balls tighten and his cock grow and become taut, and when she stopped, teasing, would she see a small drop of liquid at the tip of his penis, all the while Cindy looking on, squatting next to them, playing with herself, faster and faster sliding her dildo (who brings a dildo to the beach?) in and out, so that when she brought Rob to a toe-curling/back-arching climax, his cum spraying upward in a long white fountain, Cindy came too?

Would all of this be possible? Would she switch places with Cindy and suck Rob's impossibly thick cock? As she suckled him, might Cindy kneel behind her and begin to tongue her own wet pussy? Would she then straddle Rob, facing him, and, with one hand on his wide chest, use her other hand to guide his plum-sized knob into her, and slide gratefully down onto it, with a sharp intake of breath to feel the largest cock she had ever encountered (long, but not long that it would hurt; so thick that her labia would curl around it like a tight glove)? Could she take it? Would she come, just from riding him, feeling the curve of his skin inside her? Or would she get on all fours, with Cindy lying in the sand on her back, her feet against Sasha's shoulders, as she went down on her, holding Cindy's buttocks in her hands, licking her, making her arch her back, while behind her, kneeling and holding her hips, Rob would be entering her, spreading her ass apart? Would Rob do that thing where he pulled slowly nearly all the way out, teasing, and then thrust deep and fast into her? Would he pour oil all over her ass and slip a finger deep into her anus, so that he could massage her from the inside and feel his own finger against his vibrating cock? Would he, finally, just as she was sucking Cindy to a back-scratching climax, pull his cock out and use the oil to stroke himself quickly, and she would feel his wet balls in the crack of her ass, and with a few quick strokes he would come all over her back, jet after hot jet of cum that she would feel landing on her spine and shoulder blades, pooling and running over her like white lava?

It seemed anything was possible in that moment as she approached them and knelt beside them, and Rob reached up and pinched her nipple, and Cindy turned her head and kissed her fully on the mouth.