 This story is a work of fiction and all characters are over the age of 18. 

My characters have taken on lives of their own. I'm not so much creating the chapters as writing them down as the characters live them. Comments are welcome, especially if they give me direction on themes and what aspects of their lives I delve into as the story unfolds. 

I've edited this chapter myself, so all blame for typos and grammatical errors lies with me. That caveat aside, I hope you enjoy this segment as much as I did writing it. 

_______________________

Ann and Janice stopped at Janice's house so she could change and get some parental funding for the mall. "Mom, can I have some money for clothes? I've got some of my own but want to take advantage of the 'back to school' sales." Janice had worked hard all summer with a landscape company and was dedicated to saving as much of her paycheck as possible. Still, some cash from the 'parental units' would help stretch her budget, especially since some secret lingerie purchases were planned by both teens. 

After Janice extracted $50 from her mother and changed into easy-to-doff top and skirt, the girls headed to Midtown Mall in search of deals and diversions. 

"I don't think Mom will let me stay over again tonight. Maybe I should ask if you can crash with me. The only thing missing will be your brother." Janice made a moue as she remembered the reaming Alex gave her ass a half day earlier. 

Ann shared her friend's disappointment, wanting to wish the time away so her brother could deflower her. "I'll do my best to keep your mind off Alex. In the meantime, we have shopping to do!" Ann grabbed Janice's hand and towed her in the direction of the bus stop, waving vigorously to alert the driver as he neared their stop. 

Riding to the mall they discussed their plan of attack, calculating what they could buy and their parent's reactions to some of the planned purchases. Janice had a hiding spot in her room for the tight top and skimpy underwear she planned to buy. Getting it into the house would be easy; Ann could stash the contraband in her bags and then transfer it to the unnoticed shelf atop Janice's closet. 

Ann had no hiding spot prepared but was counting on her brother to help find a way for her to stash her forbidden purchases. As a college junior, their parents never investigated his bedroom. They knew he worked hard to maintain his scholarships and worked to have his own money. Jane rarely checked her daughter's belongings but Ann didn't want to risk 'clothes inappropriate for teenage girls' being discovered and chastised for buying them. Ann especially didn't want any sex toys to be discovered. This was one of her goals for today's shopping expedition. There was an adult entertainment shop down the street from the mall that the girls were planning to visit after making a small purchase at Target so they would have a misleading shopping bag for their booty. 

Target bag in hand, the girls quickly walked out of the mall and down the street to the sex shop. Walking past, they looked through the window to ensure nobody they knew was inside, surprised to find a well-lit, spotlessly clean store. Their first pass allaying their fears, the duo circled back and quickly entered. 

A saleswoman greeted them cheerfully, leaning over the counter and gently waving them further into the establishment. "I'm Luann. What can I help you with? If it's your first time here, I can show you the various departments and provide information on anything you don't understand. Here's a shopping basket. Were you looking for anything in particular?" She thrust the basket into Janice's hands and continued to chatter about the contents of the various aisles, watching for an expression of interest from the quiet girls. At the mention of vibrators, Ann's eyes flickered, betraying her interest. 

"Ahh, I think I know what might interest you," said Luann. "We have a selection of vibes that are very popular with the ladies right over here," she said, steering Ann into the next aisle with Janice following close behind. "Here's a basic bullet vibrator, not too large, fairly quiet and discreet. It even fits into a handbag for trips or outings. I still use one when my husband and I go out of town." She opened a package and handed the sleek pink dildo to the nervous young woman. Ann slid her fingers over the smooth surface, wondering what it would feel like stuffed into her pussy. Luann continued, "Here's a line of textured dildos in a whole range of sizes." She lowered her voice. "I assume you don't have much experience with personal pleasure toys so I'm going to make some recommendations. The bullet vibe is a great general toy to begin with; it cleans up easily, is very well made and will give you an idea of what features you want for future purchases. If you're feeling adventurous, one of these lifelike dildos with the silicone skin is an excellent choice. It also has a built in vibrator. I'd recommend a medium size as an initial purchase." 

Janice blurted, "We'll take two of the bullet," coloring slightly as Ann quickly looked at her. Feeling a little bolder after breaking the ice, she continued, "Where are your butt plugs and lube?" She became acutely aware of her still-tender sphincter as she spoke. 

Luann led them down another aisle to a large display of colorful tapered plugs in a variety of sizes. "I'd suggest buying 3 sizes so you can ease into the experience", she grinned. "It's important to wash them after use and use lots of lube when inserting one. If you want to wear one under street clothes, this model works quite well. It's undetectable under most clothing unless you really bend forward and push your butt out. See?" Luann chuckled at the shocked expressions on her young customer's faces as she turned away from them and bent over. They could barely make out the narrow base against the seam of her fitted slacks. She turned back to the gape-mouthed teens and handed Janice a flip top tube. "I recommend this as a really good lube. It's non-greasy and doesn't irritate my skin. Are you going to share these or would you each like your own set?" 

Without missing a beat, Janice replied, "I'd like my own set of these," as she reached for another trio of butt plugs. "We should get another couple of tubes of lube too." Turning to Ann she said, "We can both try the vibrators and see what we like so we don't spend too much today, OK?" Ann nodded her assent as the front door chimed. 

Glancing through the boxes on the top shelf, Ann saw her father. She paled and turned to Luann. "My Dad just came in. He can't find us here!" 

Luann pressed her finger to her lips and motioned for the girls to follow her toward the back of the store. "I'll get you into one of the booths back here and let you know when your father is gone. "You can watch a movie while you wait -- on the house for my 2 new customers." She keyed the video on and pushed the agitated girls inside the booth, closing the plywood door to conceal them. "I'll knock twice when Doug's left. He usually spends about 20 minutes browsing and chatting, so make yourselves comfortable. Enjoy the video!" They heard Luann's shoes gently clacking against the linoleum as she rushed out to assist Ann's father. Janice slid the lock shut and Ann breathed a sigh of relief. 

The video started, showing a pair of young women making out. The actresses quickly divested themselves of their clothing and began to fondle each other through their bras and panties. The girls sat on the padded bench, relaxing in the relative safety of the booth, watching each woman slowly being stripped by her partner. As the onscreen action heated up, Janice leaned into her friend and whispered, "I'll bet you could use a good cum right now to take the edge off," then grabbed Ann's head, kissing the startled girl as she moved to straddle her. The soundtrack and actress's moans only partly masked the sounds coming from the 2 aroused girls. Janice ground her crotch into the other girl's lap as she devoured her tongue. Ann wrapped her fingers around her lover's ass cheeks, sliding her hands under the thin panties and feeling for the cleft of her ass. Janice pushed her buttocks back and Ann pressed her middle finger against the non-virginal rosebud. 

"Does this still hurt?" she whispered as she lightly probed the orifice. 

"It's sensitive but doesn't really hurt anymore. I'm the one supposed to be relaxing you. Let me move a minute." Janice slid off the warm lap and knelt on the floor. She pushed up the other girl's skirt and grabbed for the barely visible panties beneath. Ann lifted her hips and the panties made a rapid descent down her smooth legs. Janice wasted no time on preliminaries, spreading her friend's legs and sucking on the shiny labia dimly illuminated by the action on the screen. Ann watched the onscreen pair begin tribbing as Janice eagerly drilled the swollen twat with her tongue and fingers, licking at the juices as they trickled down the crack of her ass. She lifted Ann's legs to gain access to her anal star, slurping the vaginal fluids covering it and poking at the center with a stiffened tongue. She continued stimulating the weeping slit with her left hand until Ann began panting. Resuming eating the tasty pussy before her, she forced a digit into the still wet back hole, inducing Ann to squirm and force Janice's face deeper into her pussy. Ann stiffened in orgasm, oblivious to the video and the world outside the little cubicle. 

Luann gently rapped on the cubicle door as Ann redressed and Janice wiped her face of her friend's juices. "He's gone and the store's quiet. You can complete your shopping now." She looked at Janice's dishevelled hair and makeup and simply pointed to an unmarked door. Blushing, the young cunnilinguist made her way to the staff washroom to wash her face, reapply lip gloss and hastily comb out her tousled tresses. 

"If you ever have questions about these or any other toys you hear about just call and ask for Luann," she said as she handed each of them a business card. "I'm more than happy to help. "If you ladies come by around 9:00AM Saturdays and tap on the window, I'll let you in before the store officially opens to the public. I remember what it was like when my parents found out I was having sex. Some things just never change." She grinned and led them to the rear till. 

The pair made their purchases and promised to return for another visit. Luann waved them out the door with a grin. 

"That was so freaky, seeing my Dad walk in while we were there! I thought I was going to have a heart attack!" Ann gushed as they entered the mall again. "You were totally evil, going down on me like that. I owe you. Expect payment tonight if I can stay over." Ann's eyes glistened. "You're my best friend. I love you." They hugged briefly and Ann composed herself. Looking at the directory, they commenced their attack on the clothing stores. 

They raced from store to store, chatting about what they saw and measuring the desirability of what they liked against parental disapproval. Clothes were put on, modelled, exchanged for different colors and critiqued for feel.

The hours flew by and they both managed to find a selection of clothes that would work for school and for more adult pursuits. Ann was very pleased to have found some fitted hipster boy shorts that showed off her round ass cheeks. She hoped there wouldn't be any fallout regarding the sheer bras and panties she bought or the snug silk weight t-shirt she found at the outdoors store. The new thongs would go into hiding with the sex toys. A soft sweater that molded to her breasts and a new purse came out with her from the Guess store. She finished off her purchases with a slinky knit dress in a rainbow of horizontal stripes and a pair of rear-zip high-waist slacks.

Janice bought some soft thongs, a pair of boy shorts, 2 lace balconette bras and a t-shirt matching Ann's pick. She also bought a plaid, pleated miniskirt (so she could 'innocently' flash her teachers) and a pair of skin-tight faux leather slacks with a concealed zipper running up the cleft of her buttocks. An off-the-shoulder sweater and belt completed her purchases. 

The young women decided on the plan of attack for getting their illicit sex shop booty home and the strategies they would have to employ to get parental approval on their clothing purchases. 

Ann called her brother's cell phone. "Alex, can you help me find somewhere to hide some things I bought today? Mom would have a fit if she saw some of the clothes and she and Dad would freak at some other stuff. Oh yeah, I have something to tell you about seeing Dad while we were shopping. Call me when you get a chance." 

She turned to Janice and said, "You give me all of your contraband. I'll put it in my bags so your mom doesn't see it when we go into the house. I'll show her a couple of my purchases and you can hide your things when we go to your room. We should take the tags off the forbidden stuff and put those receipts in the bottom of our purses. The sex shop receipts and packaging need to be dumped before we get on the bus." 

The young women found a quiet corner and proceeded to 'sanitize' the fruits of their days' efforts. Satisfied with the results, the incriminating paperwork was tossed into a receptacle and they rushed for the home bound bus. 

Alex phoned Ann as they lugged their bags to Janice's home. "What did you get that Mom and Dad aren't supposed to see? There's no one home at the moment so I can figure out where you can put stuff. I'll show you places they never look if you get here soon." 

Ann described her lingerie purchases and briefly recounted their escapade with buying sex toys. "We both bought vibrators and butt plugs, and lots of lube. It was so freaky seeing Daddy walk into the store! I just about had a heart attack but Luann helped us hide. We're going to Janice's place first so that she can drop off her clothes and hide her goodies." 

Alex made recommendations for temporary hiding spots and told her to bring all the clothes and toys home if they couldn't hide the items in Janice's bedroom. "I have some ideas for keeping your stuff private. We'll talk later." 

Janice breezed into her home with Ann trailing close behind. "Mom, we're back! We got really good deals on some nice clothes. Things aren't too picked over yet but it'll be a mess in another week." 

She led Ann up to her bedroom to get a start on hiding her treasure. After checking to verify her mother wasn't coming, Janice instructed Ann to hide the revealing clothing, lingerie and toys in the space under the bottom drawer of her dresser while she went to show off some of her 'Mom-acceptable' purchases. "Be really quiet when you slide the drawer out and put it back in. I don't want my Mom getting curious about what we're doing." 

The Devlin women discussed the new clothes and lamented the prices for a few simple items of clothing. Janice described the mobs of shoppers and crowded change rooms. Ann came into the kitchen wearing her new sweater as Janice ran back to hang the rest of her clothes. Mrs. Devlin gushed over Ann's purchase while privately noting the curves highlighted by the young woman's clingy attire. 

"You watch out that the young men don't climb all over you when you wear slinky tops like that. It's very beautiful, I must admit," her lover's mother conceded. 

Janice raced down the stairs with Ann's bags in tow. "Come one, we'll get your stuff unpacked and see if you can stay over here tonight. Mom, can Ann come for dinner and sleep over tonight? We're having such a fun day!" 

"Yes to both, but make sure you're back here by six o'clock. Your father will be home and needs to eat as soon as possible." 

The girls ran over to Ann's home. They were relieved to see Alex's car was the only one in the asphalt drive.

Ann led the way, shouting "We're here, Alex! When are Mom and Dad getting home?" She dumped the shopping bags' contents on her bed as her brother walked in. 

"They could be home anytime. They each took a car so either one could pull in. Let's sort out what you want to stash and I'll help with... Wow, you bought a lot of toys!" Alex reached down and grabbed the packs of butt plugs. "You guys are really getting into the anal sex thing, aren't you?" He waggled the plugs at his sister. "You make damned sure Mom and Dad don't find these lying around." 

"That's what you're here for, genius," Ann grinned. "Where can I stash those and this?" picking up the vibrator, "and we need to figure out a long term storage plan for Janice, too. We have her stuff stashed under the bottom drawer of her dresser but it's inconvenient and might make noise when she removes and replaces the drawer." 

"I scoped out your room and have a couple of hiding spaces that won't take too much work." Alex went on to describe how he had fabricated and installed a hidden shelf under her nightstand top for the vibrator, lube and butt plugs, and showed them the old computer tower beside her desk to hide clothes in. "It's a real video server but won't have any cabling except what you connect to your laptop. It's the simplest storage system I could assemble for you. Janice, can you use the same things at your place? I have an identical old computer that has a removable side panel just like Ann's." 

Janice clapped her hands in excitement. "I'm so stoked for this! Once I'm off to college it won't be an issue but this year is going to be an 'under the radar' experience at home. By the way, Ann's staying with me tonight." She grimaced apologetically. "We'll get a chance to get together soon. I can hardly wait to see you do the little slut here." 

Ann retorted," You're the one that had my brother's cock stuffed to the hilt in your ass! Got to admit it looked like fun but it's going to be through the front door for me first time. Alex, how fast can you get this all done?" 

He grabbed the sex toys and slid them into the hidden shelf, then showed Ann how to pop the side panel off the computer. "I'm already done! Velcro for the shelf and a sheet of flexible plastic in the computer case did the job. I can have one for you in a half hour," he advised Janice. "I'll make sure it works and load some movies onto the drive. You can plug it into your laptop and show your mom the cool media server I scrounged for you. Once she sees what it's for, she'll leave it alone and you just have to remember to put the panel on securely. I'll make you one of these little shelves and you ladies can install it in your bedroom yourselves." He ran downstairs to start configuring Janice's machine. 

Alex trotted into the room, advising the girls that the other server would be ready shortly. Ann bundled her sexy purchases into the cavity in the computer case and slid the panel closed as her brother had indicated. Relaxing now that her contraband was hidden, she squatted on her heels and turned to the others. 

"Alex, we both owe you big time. How about we give you a 'thank you' before the parents get home?" Ann suggested with a broad smile. Grinning, Janice pulled her top and bra above her firm tits, sauntered up to the startled Alex and wrapped her arms around his neck. Closing her eyes, she tilted her head and pressed her lips to his. Their tongues flicked out and they both breathed a sigh as their bodies molded together. She ground her mons against his hardening manhood. 

Ann suggested, "Alex, sit on the bed. I think there's time for a little oral gift from the grateful damsels." She pulled her sweater and bra off, reasoning that she could get the sweater back on in seconds. 

Janice pushed Alex onto the bed and Ann attacked his belt.. "Lay back and let us do the work. You need a reward and we need practice." His pants and underwear at his thighs, Alex leaned back on his elbows as the girls fondled the rock hard erection. 
