 Last summer, during our vacation in the Smoky Mountains, we rented a pontoon boat and enjoyed an unbelievable day on Lake Fontana. Nicole spent most of the day completely naked. Even better, we spent most of the day having incredible sex out in the seductive sunshine, moving from cove to cove when other boaters wandered in to interrupt our naughty fun. When Nicole wasn't eagerly fucking or sucking my cock, she was enjoying Fred, her large and very realistic fake cock. My memories of her, lounging naked at the bow of the boat, thoroughly fucking her wet pussy with Fred as I piloted us to a new secluded cove, are some of my favorite erotic memories of my life. 

You can imagine my disappointment when the day before we repeated that boat trip this year, she announced that she had invited a couple to join us. My heart sank. For months, I'd been anticipating having my way with her perfect, supremely fit, naked body, in public, no limits, all day. 

But... she's the most amazing woman and I knew that she had been eagerly anticipating the same thing. After suppressing my urge to throw a Vegas-sized pity party, I noticed the naughty smile on her face. She was either yanking my chain or she had a devious plan.

"Better be a good explanation," I said, more calmly than I felt.

"Wendy and Mike," she smiled.

We met Wendy and Mike yesterday at Deal's Gap and hit it off with them immediately. Wendy was a hot little MILF, like Nicole, wearing short shorts and a tight T-shirt. Not as daring as Nicole's tiny skirt and barely there cropped T-shirt, but Wendy definitely looked like a kindred spirit to Nicole. The way she stroked back her dark hair, while she chatted with Nicole, gave me the distinct impression that she had an eye for lovely women as much as Nicole does.

The conversation had gone so well between the four of us that I took Mike for a couple of runs up and back down Deal's Gap in my sports car. The girls stayed behind and continued their conversation at the burger joint frequented by Deal's Gap aficionados. It must have been quite a good conversation since it led Nicole to invite them to crash our public sex party.

"So . . . I was hoping for a similar day to our awesome day on the lake last year," I prodded for more information.

"Me too!" She gave me her naughty smile again, "But, then I decided to have an even better one." She leaned forward into me and stroked my cock under the hot tub bubbles, "I know you enjoy an audience." 

I moaned into her open mouth. "You don't think they'll put a cap on our fun?"

"I wouldn't have invited them, if I did. I told Wendy all about our sexcapades last year and she loved it! They are a bit crazy like us. I told her that we intended to behave just as inappropriately as we did last year, but would love an audience and . . . we would enjoy being theirs."

"Well now, that's very interesting . . . " 

Wendy and Mike met us at the marina the next day. Nicole wore her sexiest semi-sheer bikini with a mesh coverup that covered exactly nothing. Wendy was in a two piece bikini, with jean shorts hiding whether her bottoms matched the tiny white top. Both ladies brought a bag of unrevealed goodies, while Mike and I loaded our coolers on the boat. 

I piloted the boat out and we were soon enjoying the warm 25 mph top speed breeze created by our rental pontoon boat at full song. Mike and I chatted about our good fortune to enjoy such a beautiful day with two gorgeous and scantily clad women. We both watched the girls with admiration as they huddled close together for their wind-blown conversation.

Just when we might have been hitting a lull in our conversation, Wendy stood up in front of Nicole, quite close with one hand on Nicole's shoulder for balance. Nicole smiled at us while she unbuttoned Wendy's shorts. Turning her attention to Wendy, she slowly pulled the shorts down revealing Wendy's nicely shaped ass and a tiny white bikini bottom. As Wendy shimmied to allow the shorts to slide down, Nicole's fingers slid under the waist of the shorts and she used her wrists to push the shorts down while her hands caressed Wendy's tan cheeks. The shorts fell around Wendy's ankles, but Nicole's hands took a decidedly slower journey down the back of Wendy's fit legs until she finally grabbed the shorts and helped Wendy step out of them. Both ladies smiled at Mike and I staring slack-jawed.

Mike passed drinks out to everyone, got recruited to the unenviable job of helping inflate Nicole's unicorn float, then got recruited to the very enviable job of rubbing both women down with suntan oil. Wendy was first and Mike did a thorough job on familiar territory. He seemed a bit nervous about rubbing Nicole down and started to head back toward me with the bottle in hand, but Nicole grabbed his swim trunks and said it was his job. Upon that announcement, she reached back and untied her tiny top. With a quick tug, she had it off and presented her small lovely breasts to Mike to get to work. Wendy then reached up and tugged loose the side bows of Nicole's bottom's. What little there was of them fell away to reveal the sexy smooth culmination of her killer V lower abdomen. Nicole's naked body is a stunning sight - even after seeing it innumerable times, but the first time any man sees the unreal definition of her abs, her perfectly shaped mons and her tiny pussy lips glistening with moisture, it's a moment that begs belief. Then she turned around and presented Mike with her muscular and gravity-defying bubble butt, Mike was suddenly erecting a tent on the boat.

"Naughty girl!" Nicole chirped as she untied Wendy's top. Wendy pulled it away quickly and then scooted herself out of her bottoms. 

"I'll get the spots that Mike didn't get while he does me," Nicole announced. With that. She took the bottle from Mike, squeezed a puddle into her hand and gave it back to Mike. "Don't miss a spot," she told him with feigned seriousness.

Nicole rubbed her hands together, then cupped Wendy's small breasts and spread the oil thoroughly over them. Nicole seemed to want to be sure Wendy's nipples were well oiled. When she bent down to kiss Wendy while she pinched her nipples, I breathlessly admired the scene. Nicole and Wendy kissing passionately with Wendy's shiny, erect nipples being publicly molested and Mike's hands spreading oil on Nicole's perfect, bare ass and her dripping pussy. I was also admiring how deftly Nicole had pushed us all past any possible awkwardness for the situation. 

"Watch out!" I called out as we were about to cross the wake of another boat. The girls broke their kiss just in time to avoid bruised lips, but Nicole lost her balance from the bouncing and fell into Wendy's naked lap. The three of them were focused on their slippery and sexy situation, but I still had piloting duties, so I had a good look at the two couples passing by in the boat whose wake we hit. Their shocked stares were evidence that they had a pretty good view of the obliviously naughty threesome. I smiled and waved at them. One husband seated behind the others waved longingly back, but quickly withdrew his hand before being caught.

I couldn't quite hear what was being said between Nicole and Mike, but I quickly ascertained that Nicole had a great idea for how to coat her front side with oil. She pushed Wendy flat on her back on the vinyl bench seat, then gestured for Mike to squirt oil on Wendy. He complied without hesitation. Nicole then slid seductively onto Wendy and began working the oil between their fine, toned bodies. Her breasts slid over and around Wendy's. Their abdomens and mons soon found a wave-like rhythm and oil-soaked hands spread the glistening fluid around their sides, arms, and thighs. All the while, Mike was completing his task of oiling Nicole's back and legs. His fingers lingered on her gyrating, puckered ass and plunged down over her pussy and onto Wendy's. All of this in broad daylight with boats and cottages not so far away. The girls were making out the whole time. I was searching desperately for a secluded place to park this barge of iniquity.

I was just curving into a side branch when Nicole said something to our new friends and extracted herself from the oil-smeared threesome and walked her tiny body and big smile back to me.

"That was hot!" I said, smiling back. She and I use that phrase often when we take a break during one of our typically outrageously great sex session in bed. She knew my reference.

"Yes. I should say so!"

"You had an audience, besides me, for some of that."

"Even better," she smiled wider. "I'm here to suck your cock," she announced, before pouncing on me and thrusting her tongue in my mouth. 

We kissed passionately while she pulled my swim trunks down. That was a job, since I was fully erect and unbendable. She got the job done and slithered her way down until she swallowed my cock. I do mean swallowed my cock - all the way down. This feat had actually happened for the first time on our inaugural Lake Fontana boat trip last year. She had been trying her damnedest for the first year we were together, but I'm a bit larger than average and she, nor anyone else, had every accomplished the feat. Then suddenly, on that boat she did it - complete with a weird guy in a life jacket watching us after he swam out from a small island in the lake when he heard Nicole orgasm earlier. I could not make that up.

She spent the last year enthusiastically improving her deepthroat skills and today, she was about to show those skills off. She stood up, then bent over at the waist and dived throat deep onto my cock. Her gagging noises as she took me past her gag reflex seemed to echo loudly around us. I had stopped the motor and we were gliding into a cove.

She held my hips and pulled herself forward. Her tongue slid out and searched for my balls. Wendy and Mike paused their own fellatio to watch wide-eyed. I didn't know if Wendy could deepthroat like Nicole, but even a woman possessing similar skills would be amazed to watch Nicole's enthusiastic and emotive cock sucking. And any guy, straight or gay, would give her a standing ovation.

It wasn't long before I was pulling her off of my cock. "Stop! Stop! I don't want to come yet . . . Jesus, girl."

Nicole stood up and we looked at our friends. We didn't know if Mike had come. We were too immersed in our own sex. However, he was sliding down Wendy's prone body to lick her pussy.

"No, you don't, Mister!" Nicole leapt toward them. "You can lick her pussy anytime you want. I don't get enough pussy! If there's any pussy licking to be done today, the girls are getting their turn!"

Nicole slid in, like she meant to steal that base. Mike backed up. Nicole's lovely lips covered Wendy's pussy and her tongue touched Wendy's clit. Wendy's moan was like an erotic siren echoing in the cove. This was going to be good.

The girls were very obviously enjoying themselves. I know how Nicole moves when she's really deep into sex and her signs were all on. Her face was buried in Wendy's pussy, her knees on the bench seat, her ass in the air. Her whole body moved in a wave motion that started with her tongue. The fingers of her left hand stroked her own clit while she used her other hand to finger fuck Wendy. 

Both girls' bodies glistened in the sunlight. Wendy's moans and gasps grew in intensity under Nicole's attention. With one hand she held Nicole's head against her pussy. With the other, she pinched her own nipple. Both women's eyes were closed, but Mike and I stared intently. He stood directly behind Nicole, looking down at her perfect, shining ass. He glanced questioningly at me and I nodded and smiled, indicating that it was ok with me for him to engage in the fun. He would have to see how the girls liked that idea.

His approach to Nicole could not have been calculated better. He knelt down, placed a hand on each well-oiled cheek and licked her upturned asshole. "Oh, fuuuck!" she shrieked, pulling her mouth off of Wendy's soaking wet pussy for the moment. She looked back at Mike and begged loudly, "Yes! Please!" Nicole loves to have her ass licked, so a very happy threesome had now developed.

All of this time, we were drifting deeper into the small cove on our momentum after I shut the motor down. I had been glancing away from the beautiful action to check our position, but hadn't realized that the cove widened slightly past a small peninsula that jutted out ahead. Just as Nicole was reacting vocally to Mike's tongue, a small bass boat had come into view just 30 yards away. Nicole's reaction had not gone unnoticed by the occupants of that boat. Noise travels across water very well and when I finally noticed the two fishermen staring at the pornographic scene in front of them, they had a very clear view.

No one in the threesome had attention available to notice their audience. Mike inserted two skilled fingers into Nicole's pussy and now both women were moaning, screaming, and begging for more as they approached their first orgasms of the boat trip. I decided I needed to try to avoid the escalation of the situation. There was no way to tell, in this very conservative area, whether we were being observed by guys who would enjoy the show or report us to the authorities. I started up the motor and turned the boat away from our observers.

The unexpected commotion by me, caused the heated threesome to pause and look around. Realizing what had just happened, Nicole broke into laughter and we all joined her. 

"I hate to interrupt ya'll, but we should probably press pause until I can find a more secluded location," I said as I throttled up and put some distance between us and the bass boat.

"What fun is that?" Wendy asked.

"Just keep your asses below the seat back and I'll get us somewhere better as soon as I can."

Mike sat down on the bench seat closest to me and the girls stretched out side-by-side on the seat ahead of him. There they were concealed enough to continue their kissing and fondling of one another while I searched for another cove.

I wanted to get us far enough away from our last location that we wouldn't be followed, so I cruised for about 15 minutes before turning down a promising branch in the lake. Mike got up, put his trunks back on, and grabbed us both a beer.

"Damn, this has already been the best boat ride ever!" Mike said as he handed me a beer and kept his gaze on the squirming, sexy women sliding around on each other as they enjoyed themselves.

We reached the end of the cove, so I parked us with the bow pointed back toward the main lake. The girls stood up and joined us in the shade under the tonneau cover at the back of the boat. 

"We're going to go swimming and cool off a little," Nicole told me right before she pulled me in for a passionate kiss. 

"Having fun?" I asked.

"Fuck yeah!" Nicole smiled her naughty smile, "I'm just getting warmed up, baby. Feel my pussy."

I slid my fingers easily into her drenched pussy. With the back of my hand, I felt her pussy juice running down her leg. Nicole moaned and kissed me again.

"I am likely to get very naughty today," she smiled up at me.

"You already have," I stated the obvious.

"Way more," she warned.

"Go for it, my love."

She turned around and I smacked her ass cheek as she stepped quickly and dove, still naked, into the water behind the boat. I felt a smack on my ass and a naked Wendy ran by me and dove in with Nicole.

Mike tossed Nicole's unicorn float into the water with the girls. Mike and I retrieved snacks and lunch from the coolers while keeping admiring eyes on our naked playmates. At some point, Nicole climbed onto the float and reclined against the unicorn's neck. Wendy hung onto the side with her arms and hands across Nicole's glistening, wet, and naked body. I got busy dropping the anchor to keep us from drifting toward either bank of the narrow cove. By the time I looked back at the girls, Wendy had paddled the two of them about 50 yards away back toward the wider cove exit and toward the side farthest from the boat. They were still headed farther away from us.

"Where are they going?" I asked jokingly.

"Man, don't ask me! I have no idea what's happening today. but it's been incredible so far!"

We kept our eyes on the girls while we talked. "Are you and Nicole in the lifestyle?" Mike asked. Then he added before I could answer, "We are and you guys seem very adventurous, at least."

"Well, sort of" I paused. "Nicole is very bisexual and I love her free spirit and intense sexiness, so we do have some unconventional fun. Mostly we seek out threesomes with another man, but with another woman when the rare opportunity arises."

"That's similar to us," Mike replied. "Not a ton of experience with full couple swap."

"Yeah. It's hard to find a good, sexy dynamic with another couple. Finding a third that fits is easier - especially another guy. More single guys out there, but also, since I won't have, or need to have, any attraction to him, it only matters how he and Nicole hit it off."

"So, you enjoy her having sex with other men?"

"Hell, yes! Watching her sexual animal in action is the hottest thing ever!"

Just then, we watched Nicole roll quickly off of the float as if startled by something. They were about 100 yards from us and nearly out of sight around the curved exit to the cove. The cause that startled her came into view soon. Another pontoon boat came slowly around the curve and headed directly toward Mike and I. This placed them between the girls and us. 

The boat carried six large adults and pulled up uncomfortably close to us. Why some boaters will crowd up on other boats when there's a whole large lake available is a mystery to me, but in this case, I suspected that the pilot had gotten a glimpse of Nicole before she slipped into the water and decided he wanted a front row seat for her return. I assumed that the rotund women in shorts and t-shirts on the boat had not seen Nicole or they would have objected to their current location just 40 feet away.

Mike and I looked at each other and smiled at the predicament. The girls were paddling their way toward us with their bodies submerged and clearly arcing over to the opposite side of our boat from the other boat. They had closed the distance to about 30 yards when another boat, a small ski boat, entered the cove and curved around behind them to park about 40 feet away on the side of us opposite the first boat. By the time it was clear where this new boat was going to stop, the girls had made a beeline toward us and were only 30 feet or so away. Mike and I walked to the front of the boat to greet them.

"Hey, baby! Say hi to the neighbors," Mike joked with Wendy.

"Right. What's happening here?" Wendy asked

"I guess they liked this spot," I offered. From here, I could see the occupants of the new boat on our left. Four adults. Amazingly, no children had showed up yet. I dropped the front ladder into the water. Lynyrd Skynyrd started blaring from the pontoon boat to our right. The day seemed to be taking a downward turn.

"Why are they so close?" Nicole asked. I shrugged, but noticed that the guys in both boats were trying to look casual, but were all turned to be able survey the girls, counting on their sunglasses to provide deniability.

"Honey, toss me my bikini please," Wendy asked of Mike.

Nicole, looked at me. "Code F?" That was our code for "family with children" that we often used when were trying to have some public fun, but couldn't because kids had shown up.

"Nope." I smiled because I knew that her spunkiness was about to break the surface.

"Fuck that. They aren't ruining my fun," Nicole declared. With that she dramatically ascended the steps. First she dipped her head back in the water, then stepped onto the first rung of the ladder and raised her naked torso out of the water. Her ass and everything above that shone brightly in the sun. She balanced there and, arched her back, jutting her breasts out. She used her raised arms to squeeze the water from her hair behind her. Job done, she proceeded up the steps and onto the boat as if she had no reason to be covering up.
