 "Nathalie's home," says John as I pull up outside his house. There is a car already in the driveway, indicating that he is right about this. "Why don't you come in for a cup of tea?"

Forty-five minutes later, I take a sip from the now-tepid cup. The tea-taste mingles with the flavours of Nathalie's mouth, nipples, cunt. She is bent over the arm of the cheap leather-effect sofa in her own living room, twenty eight years old and as naked as her husband and I both are. My cock has not been inside any of her holes yet, but it is already rock hard, throbbing and tingling where she has been stroking and tugging at it while John wanks on the side lines and gives us both instructions.

"Hey," says John, his hairy balls dangling and his own thick red cock standing to attention, playing the boss just as he does when we are in work. "Break's over. Get back on the job."

I mock-sigh, putting the tea down and sinking back to my knees, returning to my task. I kneel on the carpet beside the couch. Nathalie's long legs are two taut columns, either side of me. The way she's bent forward, I have a front row view of the long dark cleft between her round white arse-cheeks, her puckered pink-brown anus winking at me above the wrinkled, wet folds of flesh enclosing her cunt. I put my hands on her thighs and lean my head forward.

"Fucking hell," says John, taking hold of his cock again.

My tongue slides forward along Nathalie's groove, parting the flesh folds, tasting her tangy female flavour. She mutters something, nearly inaudibly. My face is pressed against her hot, sweat-slick arse as I tongue her clit, slowly and carefully to begin with.

"Harder," John commands, voice tight and distracted as he masturbates vigorously. "Fucking eat it."

I obey, tightening my grip on Nathalie's legs and mashing my tongue against her slippery clit, stroking it back and forth and around and around, again and again. All I can smell and taste is cunt.

"Harder!" John orders as Nathalie moans and swears in French. She is a schoolteacher, I recall, which for some reason makes this seem even hotter and dirtier. She leans back a little, reaching behind her and pawing at my head, squashing her buttocks back against my face. I press my mouth deeper into her cleft, licking and sucking. I move my tongue from her clit to the opening behind it, penetrating her, thrusting it into her like a wet little cock, lapping at her hot, slick insides.

"I'll take it from here," John says.

I move out of his way, feeling his out of control cock brush my shoulder as he passes me. I sit on the floor, breathing hard as I watch him shove his fingers into Nathalie's slippery wet cunt, one first, then two, then three, fucking her mercilessly, stabbing her there again and again with his stiff hand. She squeals. Her cunt slurps and squelches. She moans and swears some more, gripping the couch with white knuckles, telling him not to stop oh god oh no oh fuck don't don't stop fuck.

Her white arse quivers with every thrust. John slides a glistening finger out of her and into its dark cleft, pushing it into her tight bumhole. She grunts, her spine stiffening as she pushes herself painfully backwards onto the finger, clenching her buttocks around it until just a hint of cellulite stripes her soft, trembling flesh.

"Oh, my God," John groans as he takes his fingers out of her, giving her arse a ringing slap that makes it quiver like jelly. Then he grasps his cock again and slowly feeds it into her. Her well-prepared cunt swallows it whole, like a second mouth, hot wet flesh enfolding his long, veiny shaft. He grabs her waist in both hands, slamming her hard against the couch. Her arse slaps rhythmically against his hairy thighs and protruding belly. She sobs. She begs. She talks dirty, telling him to ride me hard ride me oh god oh yes fuck me make me your whore yes make me your dirty little cum-slut.

Ten minutes later, we change over again. Now, John watches from the armchair, still stroking his now soaking cock, and I am balls-deep in Nathalie's arsehole.

My own member slides and slips in and out of her, in and out, slick with lube and Nathalie's spit and Nathalie's cunt-juice. She has one hand on her fat, freckled left buttock, pulling it aside, exposing her tight, hot hole for me to fuck. Her other hand is busy between her thighs, furiously rubbing clit.

With every stroke, she gives a strangled little French-accented exclamation, not quite a curse and not quite a sob, her big white tits give a little jolt and her arse goes "slap!" against my flesh.

John is silent apart from his panting and the squelch of his hand moving up and down his huge, angry-looking erection, up and down.

My right hand is on Nathalie's other fat, freckled buttock, her flesh dimpling under my grasping fingers. Every so often, I give her a resounding slap and she gives an extra jolt, tits flying, and utters a devastating, French-intoned "Fuck!" My handprints stand out on her shivering flesh, whiter even than the surrounding skin but edged in gradually deepening pink.

My left hand grasps a handful of her mousy, blonde-tinted hair, pulling her head back, turning it slightly to one side so I can see some of her face. She looks surprised by every thrust that goes into her, relieved but regretful every time I pull out. The one cheek I can see is flushed a captivating shade of pink, her wet mouth grimacing in exertion and letting out little breathless sounds. Her dark eyes are fixed on John.

That's it. That does it. I pull out of her, watching her gaping black anus shrink back to a puckered wet patch of pink-brown flesh as quick as the blink of an eye. I let go of her hair and grip my pulsing cock, directing the sticky white explosion over her quivering arse, her furrowed back. Drips and drops spatter her sweaty skin as I let out a long moan:

"Oh fuck, oh shit, fuck..."

I rest against her for a moment, breathing hard, enjoying the feeling as I gush out another spurt and it dribbles down her thighs. She is still masturbating hard, still making the little exclamations, as John rises and hurries over to her. He's nearly ready too, I reckon, just holding his cock instead of stroking it, as if it's ready to go off at any moment.

And then, it's my turn to watch again as he shoves it into Nathalie's, waiting, gasping mouth. The hand she had on her buttock comes up to grasp the bobbing, twitching shaft. The other continues to rub herself. I reach down between her legs and give her a helping hand, even as I watch her suck him and him hold her head firmly in place, thrusting gently with his hips.

"Oh, Christ," he exclaims, tangling his fingers in Nathalie's hair as he fucks her mouth. "Oh my..."

My fingers are a wet blur between the tops of Nathalie's thighs. I can feel her arse, sticky with my semen, squashing and bouncing against my belly as she starts to come.

John pulls out of her mouth after a minute or two, almost hyperventilating as he continues to hold her head, so that the almost glowing tip of his cock is level with her open, eager lips. He gives himself a last few careful strokes with his other hand.

Nathalie's whole body shakes as she squeezes my hand between her burning thighs and the orgasm tears through her. She screams, eyes glittering, cheeks flushed oh fuck yes oh god fuck yes john come in my mouth come in my mouth.

John spews white, gluey slime over Nathalie's face, across the couch's sad upholstery. The next spurt hits her mouth, dribbling down her chin. He pushes the pumping head back between her lips to squirt the last drops straight down her throat. Nathalie's eyes never leave his as she sucks and suckles mmm mmmm. John makes sure she swallows every drop before he lets her up for air.

"There," he gasps, chest heaving as Nathalie straightens and reaches for a towel and the three of us laugh giddily, fighting for breath, finding it slightly hard to believe what we have just done together. "Job's a good'un."