 This story is a work of fiction and all characters are over the age of 18. 

--------------------------------------

This is my first submission to Literotica. Hopefully my writing will improve over time. All sincere comments and criticism welcomed. Please vote so I have an indication of how you like/dislike the story as it unfolds.

A special thanks to PrincessLeigha for proofreading and invaluable assistance with grammar. PrincessLeigha, your patience with my fumbling efforts has been astounding! 

--------------------------------------

She held the head of his throbbing penis in her mouth, letting him pulse on the edge of an orgasm. Precum was leaking profusely from the tip and he was almost gasping. Janice was in control, but very excited, her vagina sopping with evidence of her arousal. 

Janice had to decide – bring Davie to a resounding orgasm in her hungry mouth and have him eat her to climax, or let him cool down slightly now and flood her pussy with jism after pounding his way to heaven between her supple legs. She decided that both treats were possible; Davie was a young man, only in grade 12, and had proven his ability to become turgid several times a day during previous adventurous weekends. Having resolved the dilemma, she proceeded to run a thumbnail back to front along Davie's slightly distended perineum. This generated a sudden exhalation on the youth's part, but didn't trigger the massive ejaculation that was waiting in the wings, so to speak. 

The college senior smiled and stuck her middle finger deep into her pussy, soaking it with her slick juices. It was almost too much effort to remove, it felt so good, but there was a reason for the juicy bath. The newly wetted finger travelled directly from her steaming furnace to the fleshy pucker of Davie's sphincter. She rubbed the fingertip gently over the rippled surface and slowly pushed it into his ass, twisting back and forth to work her slick juices into the opening. He pulled his knees toward his chest and spread his legs to give his lover free access to his genitals. He was going wild from the sensation of the digit fully stuffed up his asshole. 

Janice worked up more saliva in her mouth and lowered her beautiful face onto the penis she had been letting rescind from an impending orgasm. She needn't have bothered. The young man was dripping precum from his straight, thick, rock hard, purple cockhead. The petite blonde loved the taste and smell of genitalia and sexual fluids, as long as the recipient of her attentions was clean and had a diet that didn't make the upcoming treat bitter. This young man had eaten a gently seasoned meal and Janice was looking forward to tasting his outpouring. She opened her mouth and pursed her lips tightly over his weeping head, fluttering her tongue against his frenulum. She slowly pressed on, sucking her cheeks into contact with his cock as it penetrated her mouth. When the head of his erection touched her glottis, she reversed direction, still sucking fiercely. 

Davie couldn't think straight. His mental functions were taken over by the hold Janice's mouth and finger had on his anus and cock. She hooked her finger deeper into his ass and stroked the slightly firmer mound of his prostate. Simultaneously, she bobbed her head several times and used her other hand to stroke the sides and upper surface at the base of his penis. Davie crashed into an intense orgasm, cramming his cock against the opening of her throat. Janice was warned by the pulsing of his prostate against her finger and pulled her head back enough to receive his outpouring of sperm in her hungry mouth. She stroked the base of his prick with her whole hand as she sucked and fluttered her tongue around the base of the jerking cockhead. 

Davie keened and huffed, unable to keep up with his body's demand for oxygen and pelvic ability to tense and relax in multiple half-second intervals. 

Davie looked down at his girlfriend as his vision and mind re-engaged. Janice looked up, smiled and opened her mouth to display her tongue swirling his load of cum around. Her head tilted back, tongue protruding, and the heaping tablespoon of jism slid over her taste buds and down her throat. His cock twitched at the sight. Her finger gently slid out of his now relaxed ass. 

He lowered his legs and stretched luxuriously. "Fuck, do you ever know how to give great head!" he smiled. 

She smiled back, "That's just your first cum for today, Sweetie. We have all of today and most of tomorrow. You have another lesson in eating my pussy coming up. I'm so fucking horny right now, I can't stand it. We have some new things to try, too. I brought a few toys." She stretched out on her stomach and smiled at her young lover. 

Davie crawled over her tanned body, rubbing his skin against hers. She purred at the contact and flexed her sinuous torso to maintain as much contact between them as possible. 

He began lovingly nibbling her neck and ears, sending a shiver through her body. He slowly worked down the length of her back, licking and kissing her shoulder blades, ribs and spine. He arrived at the top of her hips, slowly munching his way to her right hip. 

Davie thoroughly kissed every inch of the right buttock, skating past the cleft and resuming his exploration of the left side of her taut, smooth ass. When his exploration of that globe was complete, he slowly nibbled the outer portion of her crack. Janice tried to raise her rear off the bed, but Davie pressed a hand into the small of her back, pinning her in place. She reached down to her cheeks and pulled them apart to give him better access to the concealed territory. Davie merely grinned and blew into the sweat-dampened space. He resumed his exploration of the back of her legs, paying close attention to the fold where her buttocks and thighs met. He carefully ignored her dripping pussy and exposed anal sphincter; that was for later. 

Davie swung his legs astride Janice's waist, facing her feet. This let him pin her in place and caress her legs at his own pace. His prick was already at half-mast again, laying in the crack of her ass. He stroked Janice's long, smooth legs from the top of her thighs to the base of her ankles and back up to her firm buttocks. He repeated this sequence several times, feeling her relaxing and tuning her body to the rhythm he was establishing. She sighed at the luxurious touch and melted further into the bed. When he felt her body go limp, Davie stepped up the pace and began to stroke closer to her damp pussy and dark rosette. 

He knew that this lovely lady enjoyed sex play at all of her orifices, and he planned to enjoy each one. He sucked a thumb and rubbed it against her anal star while draping his fingertips along the length of her glistening labia. As his fingers gently entered the outermost region of her cunt, his wet thumb pressed flat along her rear crack. He didn't want to just shove his thumb up her ass; he wanted her body to beg for it to be stuffed into the wonderful back hole. 

Janice squirmed in pleasure at the forceful caress, relaxing her back door in anticipation of his next move. Davie hooked his fingers deeper into her pussy and slightly tilted the tip of his thumb into her waiting asshole. Janice moaned at the minimal double penetration and wiggled her hips to entice deeper infiltration of both passages. Davie tightened his hand into what he thought of as a sexual "bowler's grip". His digits invaded both slick openings until he could feel his two fingers and thumb nearly meet, separated by only a thin layer of flesh. 

He rocked his wrist, alternately forcing his fingers and thumb deep into their respective estuaries. Janice moaned and ground against his hand, her perineum stimulated by the fleshy heel of his thumb, his index and little fingers rubbing her dripping labia. She was in heaven. 

Davie wasn't done with this exercise. He scooted up Janice's smooth body, trailing his erection up her back and placing his knees against the outside of her beautiful breasts. He lowered his face to her hips, again feasting on the firm globes. He continued to work his grip back and forth until he had licked and tasted every part of the smooth flesh outside of her crack. Out came the thumb, in deeper drove the fingers and his tongue eagerly slurped the vee of her buttocks from top to bottom. On the backstroke his tongue swirled past the now relaxed sphincter, causing her hips to thrust at his face. After two more circuits he relented and speared his pointed tongue into the waiting hole. 

Janice wriggled more forcefully and grunted, "Deeper," as Davie set to work on her rear treasure in earnest, while his fingers continued to ravage her front hole. Janice was headed towards a serious orgasm in record time with the aftertaste of semen in her mouth spurring her excitement higher. Davie munched her butt with unabashed enthusiasm, eagerly pumping his hand into her pussy and rubbing his hard cock against Janice's spine. 

His free hand reached down beside his knee and stroked the outside of her breast. His tongue stabbed and swirled deeply into her ass as he huffed through his nose like a racing stallion. This combination of intense stimulation finally drove Janice into a screeching, bucking orgasm, almost dislodging Davie's tongue from its mining expedition. He wouldn't be deterred, though. This was an experience he wanted the lovely woman to remember for a long time. 

Janice finally rode to the end of her orgasm and Davie slowed his ministrations to let the woman come down to reality once again. Withdrawing his fingers from her cunt, he gave the open asshole a last swirling lick and carefully lifted himself off her back. 

He painted Janice's ass crack with the cum that was coating his fingers and pushed the excess juices toward the loosened pucker. He wanted to slide all the way into her bowels in a single motion once she was ready. He cuddled her from behind as she rolled onto her side. When her breathing slowed and her heart stopped pounding, he lifted her leg and slid his cock between her thighs. She steered the tip to her engorged nether lips and he gently entered her well-lubricated front passage. A few deep strokes had his cock soaked. He withdrew, sliding his tip up to the pucker his tongue had recently been loving. 

Janice pushed her rear out, increasing the pressure of his cock against her wet, relaxed sphincter. The head speared inward, forcing the crinkles of her hole to smooth as the crown gradually disappeared inside her forbidden tunnel. 

Janice brought her legs forward and crossed her ankles to open the back of her pelvis to the marauding tool. Davie slowly worked his hips forward, driving his cock into her a centimeter at a time. Janice panted but expressed no pain. Davie wrapped one arm around her neck and reached for her breasts. His other arm wrapped around the front of her hips, giving him leverage to pull his erection deeper into her eager body. 

When Davie felt his hipbones nest against Janice's magnificent buttocks, he slowly pulled almost completely out of her ass, then plunged slowly back in. Janice shuddered at the sensation boiling in her guts as she squirmed around for maximum stimulation. 

Davie began fucking in earnest, increasing the speed and force with which he plundered the young woman's rectum. He was in heaven, and so was she. They had only done this once before, but Davie was a good pupil. He wanted his partner to enjoy her reaming and come back for more. 

Janice had been introduced to the art of anal love by a girlfriend's older brother shortly after turning 18. The experience had turned her into an enthusiastic hedonist for life. Davie was the unwitting beneficiary of that education. It was a perfect example of "train the trainer". 

*** Two Years Ago ***

Janice Devlin was a teenager whose body had begun to develop with a bang. She developed womanly curves almost overnight. In the space of ten months she had grown two inches in height and her breasts had gone from puffy nipples to a B cup. The boys had noticed and were already circling like the dogs they truly were. 

Her mother frequently warned her, "Don't let those young animals touch you. There's no future in getting a bad reputation, or even worse, pregnant." 

The only problem with this fine motherly advice was that it didn't account for Janice's insane teenaged libido. She wanted to explore the mysteries of the male gender and her drive to attract them. She dreamed of fucking the handsome boys that she went to high school with. She considered herself straight when the thought of sexual preference entered her thoughts but loved the silky skin of her girlfriends. Janice loved the gentle moments with her friends and their emotional closeness. 

Men intrigued and excited her. She couldn't intellectually understand why a confident young male with slight razor stubble drove her wild, and she couldn't figure out why she couldn't control the feelings. Most of the boys in her age group she considered just that; 'boys'. Janice wanted to have sex with a 'man' when the time came. Her mother's advice stuck; at least the part about not getting pregnant. This had the benefit of making the horny teen cautious, but it did nothing to calm her raging hormones. 

Ann felt similar to her best friend regarding 'boys' versus 'men', and wanted her virginity to go to a man instead of the fumbling male classmates that desperately wanted to relieve her of her burden. 

Janice and Ann had been best friends since childhood. Janice was the outgoing, aggressive contact sports competitor, while Ann was somewhat quieter, gravitating to cheerleading, gymnastics and the debate club. 

The girls shared all their secrets growing up, helping each other survive puberty and the hormone showers that overcame their developing bodies. Their 18th birthdays were within weeks of each other, and allowed them additional freedoms. They stayed out later and occasionally dated the boys in school as their parents loosened the apron strings. The boys always went home sexually unsatisfied but happy to have spent some time close to two of the prettiest girls at their school. 

Little did their schoolmates realize that Janice and Ann had become quite expert in assisting each other in cooling their sexual furnaces. What had begun with simple affectionate kisses developed into full-blown necking, excited groping and girl-on-girl fucking sessions. Realizing they each cared deeply for the other allowed the young women to make affectionate, uninhibited love every time they slept over at the others home. Ann had a talented tongue and gentle awareness of her girlfriend's erogenous zones. Janice had the 'go for it' attitude that left her lover quaking after a heavy sexual session. 

Janice's other female friends had similar hormonal drives and found some relief at their own hands as well as receiving assistance with scratching their sexual itches. When her lover wasn't there to help, she made out with a couple of these like-minded girlfriends, fingered to many orgasms and eaten to climax after climax. Of course, being fair minded, uninhibited and curious, Janice had returned the favours copiously. 

The girls had of course spied on their various brothers to get a glimpse of male anatomy. Once, they had surreptitiously watched Ann's older brother Alex masturbate in his basement bedroom. They were amazed at the size of his penis and the amount of semen that spurted as he came. 

"I can't believe that he could stick that all the way inside me," Ann exclaimed later. "It's way bigger than a tampon!" Despite her protestations about the length and girth of her brother's sturdy cock, the memory of him spurting in glorious orgasm was filed away for future solo masturbation sessions. The image of her naked brother looming over her tipped Ann into many solo late night orgasms, ending with sticky finger and a faint feeling of longing.

Janice, Ann, Debbie, Selene, Laurie, Christine, Stacey and Josie were the 'Gang of Eight', a group of girls that had grown up together, managing to stay close as they transitioned for children in elementary school to the women they were becoming in their final year of high school. Josie had managed to sneak a porn DVD from a relative and the girls eagerly gathered to watch after school at Debbie's unoccupied home. Her brother had football practice and both parents wouldn't get home from their jobs for at least an hour. 

The DVD thief inserted the forbidden disc into the player in the basement rec room with a trembling hand. The video began with a statuesque woman rubbing a hairy man's penis in similar manner to Ann's brother's self pleasuring activity Janice, Ann and two of the other girls had observed the week before. 

The man stood and the woman knelt before him. She licked his erect penis until it glistened with spit and proceeded to engulf it with her mouth. They couldn't believe their eyes. The long cock had completely disappeared into her mouth! 

The actress pulled back, gasping for breath and the man grabbed her head, pulling her fully onto his cock again. He began face-fucking the woman ardently with the woman moaning in porn movie pleasure every time she managed to draw breath. The man lay on his back and the woman manoeuvred into a 69 position. The camera shifted from the actress gobbling the man's hard cock again, to the man eating her pussy and rimming her anus. 

The scene segued into a close view of the man on his back with the woman sliding up and down the full length of his erect cock, with full surround sound of her squelching cunt, their manufactured gasps, moans and curses, and the ubiquitous porn soundtrack. The girls were astounded and aroused. 

Ann pictured herself and her brother as the actors in the scene as she rubbed her jean-clad thighs together in excitement. She reached under Janice's skirt from behind and felt her labia through her panties. Janice had creamed through the cotton gusset and merely shifted her pelvis to allow Ann to stroke her to greater arousement. Some of the other girls were quietly masturbating themselves, trying to get themselves off without making it obvious. The smell of young pussy permeating the room and the occasional gasps as they edged closer to orgasm made a farce of their modesty. 

Janice was the first to go public. "Fuck it, I need to rub myself off. This is too hot!" With that declaration, she pulled her skirt up to her waist and pulled her panties off. Sitting with her eyes glued to the onscreen action, she mauled her lightly furred labia as the other girls watched her in aroused fascination. One by one, the teens loosened jeans, pulled skirts up and pulled panties aside to plunder their own aroused cunts. 

By the time all the girls were pleasuring themselves, Janice was nearly ready to come. She sighed and moaned as the woman unplugged her twat from the man's cock and proceeded to kneel in front of her partner. He rubbed the tip of his cock against her glistening furrow and began fucking her doggie style. 

Ann peeled her jeans and panties off and cuddled up behind her best friend, stroking her own pussy lips and Janice's thigh. She rested her chin on Janice's shoulder and whispered into her ear, "I bet you'd love that prick inside you right now, wouldn't you?"

Janice responded, "I bet you'd love your brother to do that to you, wouldn't you?" 

Ann froze in shock at her girlfriend's bold question for a second, then hunched closer until her pussy touched Janice's ass cheek and rocked her pelvis to grind her throbbing clit against warm flesh. Janice responded by pulling Ann's leg forward to increase the intimate contact. 

The on-screen activity suddenly changed. The man pulled his large dick out of the woman's cunt and began rubbing the tip up and down her the crevice at her rear. The woman rested her head on the floor and pulled her ass cheeks apart. The male actor proceeded to push the tip of his penis against her crinkled entrance until the tip vanished inside. The actress moaned and pushed back against the shining intruder, engulfing it inch by inch in the depths of her anus. 
