 Jen sighed, her head resting against the charter bus window, watching as the cornfields slowly turned into suburbs. She reflected on how fun the past six months had been, how much she was enjoying her freshman year at college. Her new life was an infinite world of possibilities that far surpassed the sheltered, semi-rural life she had experienced in the Plains of the Midwest. The big game coming up the next day was exciting yes, but she was having trouble taking her mind off of the previous night.

Her roommate, Rebecca, had brought back to the room two bottles of wine. She knew the older boy in the next dorm over had bought them for her since she was only 18, and given Rebecca's reputation Jen hadn't had to think too hard about how she had persuaded him to help out. Either way, Jen wasn't judgemental and was just grateful to be able to drink a little, even on a Wednesday night. As the pair opened the second bottle after some small talk, sitting on the couch together under separate blankets, Rebecca started giggling and popped up to throw a DVD into their TV. Jen was a bit shocked as moments later it became clear that Becca had acquired the cheesy, decade-old porn they had jokingly promised to take off the hands of one of their friends. Porn that she only imagined could be called hardcore, although it was her first time seeing porn and she wasn't sure. 

Women with huge fake breasts bounced and screamed on top of enormous cocks -- and their faces, laden with makeup, taking load after load of cum as they stuck out their tongues and stroked. Tanned bimbos and beefcake men did not particularly excite her, but the carnal acts that pervaded the whole thing made her damp between the thighs. She wondered if any real men had beautiful dicks like those. She had only had sex once in high school, and both the boy's body and skills left something to be desired. To warm her up he had shoved a finger inside her and jiggled it around, way too hard and quickly, which completed the foreplay. Right after he lay on top of her missionary, his mediocre penis entering her. It had felt okay, but about 20 seconds later he grunted and came before collapsing next to her on the bed. Not like the studs on the screen. Their hard tanned bodies held the women in place by the hips, aggressively fucking them for minutes at a time with their impossibly thick shafts. Jen wanted it, imagining herself naked and being shoved down on the obnoxious men. 

Could she be that sexy, writhing and moaning atop a stud? Wringing her sweaty palms against each other, she thought of touching herself before remembering Becca was next to her. But she quickly realized Becca was not paying any attention to her....she could see a hand rapidly moving under the blanket, and Becca was biting her lip, her eyes glued to the screen. Jen's hand started to wander beneath the waistband of her own sweatpants. Minutes later they were both sitting on their respective sides of the couch, quietly rubbing their throbbing clits, knowing full well what the other was doing. Jen found her mind wondering what her roommate's pussy looked like...was it different than her own? Did it taste the same? Surely that wasn't turning her on though. Both quietly squeezed their knees together and came a few moments later. After it had finished they both went to bed, drunk, without acknowledging what had happened.

Just a few hours later Jen was up and getting on the bus to the city for the big game, Becca quietly snoring as she left. She entered the present moment again and listened to the chatter of the girls behind her, which was suddenly cut short by the assertive call to quiet down from the front of the bus. Coach Staci's voice commanded respect, regardless of her tiny stature, as she stood up from her seat to address the team. Every girl on the bus directed their attention to her, all their eyes burning with envy. The petite woman looked almost like a cartoon; her breasts stretched the fabric of the team's t-shirt, distorting the letters of the name until they were almost illegible, eroding Jen's confidence in her own youthful but much smaller pair -- her big, doughy eyes and long eyelashes seemed to scream "fuck me" -- and her middle-aged but toned waist hourglassed out into a bubble butt, which her extremely tight jeans did nothing to hide. Some of the girls on the team hated her, but Jen couldn't help but think about how much she liked Staci, zoning out, not listening to a word she was saying. Staci dripped sexuality yes, she really flaunted her body yes, but she was also very sweet and had an oddly maternal side. Jen didn't realize it, but her pulse sped up a bit as Staci walked down the aisle of the moving bus and approached her row of seats. Staci sat down next to her "Did you catch all that, missy?"

"Uh y-yeah" the younger girl stammered, just now realizing coach must have finished her speech already.

"Sure you did." Staci smiles sweetly and with her perfectly manicured hand she brushes the dark blonde hair from Jen's eyes. The younger woman gives a playful, nervous giggle and smile in return, blushing a little bit. I wonder what other parts of her blush, Staci thought to herself.

An hour later they were all unloading off the bus, entering the modern highrise hotel on the outskirts of the city. The school spared no expense for their women's soccer team, the highest performing team at the university, and they wanted to set them up right for the tournament the next day. Jen was annoyed by her position at the back of the bus, considering how badly she had to pee. As the girls in front of her slowly ambled down the little stair to exit the bus she tore past them, her duffel bag on her back, quickly walking past several girls and into the lavish lobby. Her eyes darted about...a family....Staci at the front desk talking to the concierge...aha! Bathrooms! She darted toward the hallway with the sign, and hastily jogged around the corner -- right into someone. She felt like she hit a wall, and as her toned ass immediately fell toward the ground she reached out, her arms flailing to catch herself on something. And one arm did, sort of, but it didn't stop her from landing with a thud on the carpeted floor.

As she opened her eyes from wincing, she saw what she had ran into. Her eyes scanned up from his nice leather shoes up to his good-looking face. He appeared to be in his late twenties or early thirties. His green eyes looked down at her, wide-eyed, through black plastic frames. He was wearing a sharp outfit...nice slacks with a belt and leather shoes, a lightly patterned shirt with a green and blue patterned tie. He said nothing and they stared at each other for a moment before Jen noticed his reaction to be a bit awkward. Suddenly something in her hand moved, and she recoiled in horror when she realized what -- in her flailing about her arm had grabbed at him, and as she fell onto the ground her hand kept contact, sliding down with her, until her hand had landed directly on his penis, the outline visible through the fitted slacks. Mouth agape she profusely spat out apologies, her face flushed.

"Really, really it's okay! It was an accident." He flashed a handsome smile to try and soothe her. He reached an arm out to her, and she couldn't help but notice his toned, strong arms that showed beneath his sleeves, which were rolled up to near his elbow. She felt a rush as he helped her get standing again easily.

"I was just in such a rush, I just really had to....eh...." she realized she didn't like where she was taking the conversation.

"Pee?" he said with emphasis, in a friendly mocking tone.

"Yes! Uh...what gave me away?"

"Well....the fact you were running for the bathroom....and maybe the fact you're holding your thighs together as tightly as you can." He smiled and she liked it so much she had a hard time looking him in the eye.

A small rush of embarrassment went through her as she started walking backwards toward the bathroom door.

"I guess I should really um...open...them." She said, instantly regretting her clumsy words. She tried to smile but it just came across as panic on her face, and she darted into the bathroom. He scans her body as she whirled around, his attention being diverted from her pretty face to her young, healthy body, having trouble not focusing on the school t-shirt that clung to her stomach and the bodacious ass that was clearly outlined by her tiny shorts. He found himself having trouble not wondering what her thighs looked like, spread wide apart. Now alone, he gives a small chuckle and sets off down the hallway again.

Jen darted into the very clean bathroom stall, shoving her shorts and panties to her ankles and sitting down quickly. Holy shit, holy shit, what did I just do? Did I just grab his cock? God he's good looking. Oh my god why did you say all that stupid stuff? But she knew that there were feelings other than embarrassment coursing through her. Her hormones coursed through her body, and as she looked downward at her sandal-clad toes and the puddle of clothes at her ankles she couldn't ignore the tiny wet spot in the middle of her panties. I want it, she thought. I want it so fucking bad.

He strode into the hotel lobby, composed again after his random encounter. He had trouble thinking about anything but the perfect butt he had just seen, but thankfully, he caught a glimpse of another perfect butt across the room -- and this one belonged to him. As he walked up behind her he could hear his wife exchanging some tense words with the concierge, who was rushing off, presumably to do whatever Staci wanted. He came up and gave it a quick squeeze.

"DON!" Jealous eyes in the lobby leered as she threw herself at him, wrapping her legs around him, kissing him deeply for a moment. She put her feet back on the ground, not only excited by Don but by the knowledge that every man in the room would kill be jealous. She loved putting on a show.

"So your meeting went okay?" She asked, a bit calmer now.

"Yeah, and I managed to take care of my business in the city already. Everything alright here? You didn't look too happy with Mr. Concierge."

"Well yes and no. They actually over-booked and are telling us we're one room short. And all the rooms already have two girls in them. I'm not sure what to do."

"Poor lady..you'll figure out something. Maybe if I take you up to the room for a moment....let you work some stress off..."

"Baby I'm sorry but we're tight on time all day.....but if you can be a good boy.." she flashes him a seductive look "...and keep your hands off all these young ladies...I swear I'll suck every last drop of hot cum out of you." She let her hand brush against it. "Fuck, I just wanna grab it right here in the lobby..."

He chuckled, smiling to himself for a second before he spoke to her. "Well, speaking of that....."

Jen hurriedly walked back into the lobby, feeling infinitely better. She didn't want to lose everyone, and started off toward Staci. She was getting closer to Staci, who had her back turned to her, talking to a man. As she walked up she overheard the end of their conversation, Staci speaking in a playful tone.

"Well fuck Don, just because you have a huge cock doesn't mean you can dangle it in front of all my girls like a fishing rod. You better be careful, otherwise some of them might not be able to resist taking a bite...."

Staci stopped in her tracks and panicked just as Staci caught her in the corner of her eye. "Jen!" The man turned as well and she felt her face flush all over again as she stared. "This is my husband, Don! He had a meeting in the city today, and decided to stay and see you guys play tomorrow!" Jen felt sweat bead on her forehead, and oddly enough she felt like her panties were getting wetter.

Staci continued "I'd give you two more of an introduction, but I heard you already ran into each other." She flashed a smile.

"Oh uh...yes, yes we did. I was so clumsy." All she could think about was how his dick had felt in her hand.

Staci watched with pleasure as Jen got extremely red-faced. She found herself actually a bit turned on that Jen had accidentally grabbed her man. Not that that surprised Staci...she would be the first to admit to what a pervert she was, to the right person at least. She was aggressively bi-sexual and had known that forever, long before she started teaching soccer at the college. She was passionate about the sport, and passionate about helping younger women find their strength....but she also had no qualms about the fact that she sometimes rubbed her clit late at night thinking about their sweaty bodies. How much she enjoyed positioning their limbs with her hands to show them how to correct their form. How sometimes after practices on hot days she would hop in the communal shower too, drinking in the sight of over a dozen young women soaping up every crevice. Getting wet as she would lather her own body up, wondering whether the girl looking at her was horny or just jealous. Sometimes she thought in particular about one girl or another. And Jen happened to be the one she thought about most. She cared a lot about Jen, and felt a bit like a mother and a big sister to her. But it didn't stop her from having other feelings as well. Too many times she had cum thinking about lathering up Jen's tits, which were smaller than hers but shapely and attractive, begging to have their nipples bitten and sucked on...or how she wanted to throw her down on the bench and lap up every last bit of honey between her athletic thighs. She had never done anything with any of the girls, but she worried it was only a matter of time. Hmm.

Jen brought Staci out of her reverie with a question. "So Staci, which room am I in?"

"Well...that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. These asses overbooked the hotel, and we're short a room. So...you're going to stay in our room."

"What?!" both Jen and Don say in unison, their eyes darting back and forth.

"Yeah! Don't worry it'll be fun....we'll have a little sleepover! That is," she gives a coy look, "so long as Don thinks he can calm himself down enough to sleep, knowing that such a young, sexy co-ed is laying a few feet away."

Jen nervously laughs, and Don looks her in the eye and speaks "I think I'll be fine....so long as I don't get in the way next time you have to pee." alluding to what had happened earlier.

Staci cuts in "Oh please Don, you'll be pouring water down her throat and blockading the bathroom door."

They continued to chat and laugh as they walked up toward the elevators. Jen got more and more excited, thrilled at the innuendo. Were they really just joking about me touching his dick? She felt flattered as she walked with them, her mind repeatedly jumping back to that moment that she touched him. She wondered what it looked like naked, how big it got. Before they even reached the elevator her pulse was racing with thoughts of how good it would feel to stroke it, to watch it get big and hard right in front of her. And as she stepped off the elevator onto their floor she realized how badly she needed to change her panties.

------------

The door to the hotel room swung open with a beep. As the three shuffled inside with their bags Jen took stock of the space, which was fairly unremarkable, though very clean. Two beds, undoubtedly because of the reservation mix-up. Was she relieved or disappointed it wasn't one queen size? A nightstand in between the two, a medium-sized flat screen TV on the dresser. A small table with some basic wooden chairs. A small mini-bar fridge in the corner. She threw her duffel bag on the bed closest to the bathroom and door, as the other two had already seemed to claim the bed closer to the window. No sooner than Don had opened the curtains to let some light in, Staci had thrown off her shirt and tossed it into a corner, exposing an expensive bra. She turned to Jen and began unbuttoning her jeans, "You may want to go get gussied up, young one, team's going out to dinner in fifteen. No jeans or t-shirts, it's a decent place." She quickly drew in close to Jen, unzipping and slipping her jeans down as she did so. Jen couldn't help but notice the tiny thong Staci wore, which did nothing to conceal her admirable butt. She leaned in and whispered "and throw on some lipstick. Don won't stop talking about those plump lips of yours." Staci stuck out the tip of her tongue and bit it playfully. Jen hastily grabbed some articles from her bag, eyeing Don as he sat at the table, oblivious to all, presumably checking work emails on his phone. The world was full of more attractive and successful people than Don, but he was one of the first real, established adult males she had been able to socialize with at all without feeling like a child. And because of it, her stomach fluttered around him. She walked into the bathroom and closed the door behind her, change of clothes in hand.

She peeled her team t-shirt above her head and put it on the counter, stepping out of her sandals, her bare feet a bit chilly on the bathroom tile. With one hand she unclasped her bra and felt relief as they sprang free. She slipped her shorts down swiftly too, remembering to pull her shiny lip balm from them in the process. Damn, this will have to do, she thought, lamenting her lack of preparation. She had been preening for no longer than two minutes when suddenly Staci burst through the bathroom door, wearing a tight semi-casual green dress, which was bunched around her waist, not fully put on yet. Her brassiere-clad breasts shook violently as she bounded up to Jen, uncapping her own lipstick and making pouting motions with her lips. Jen understood and stood still as her coach worked it around the perimeter of her mouth. "Will you do me a favor, darling? Don has been so busy with work lately, it's really got him wound up.....would you help me take his mind off of everything? Nothing crazy...just be a flirt. Tease him. He'll love it."

"I.....okay? Just tease him a bit?" Jen replied, pursing her lips in and out to even out the red lipstick.

"Have fun with it! Grab his arm sometime, give him a dirty look....it'll do him so much good."

Staci made no effort to conceal it as her eyes scanned up and down Jen's body, naked except for her panties and lipstick. She made an approving noise, "Look at you, Jen. God those tits," she palms the underside of each, lifting them slightly, her thumb grazing an erect nipple, "they're so young and....high. And your body....you're just his type."

"Aren't you more his type, Staci?" Jen asked, unsure what to say.

"Well, he certainly loves mine and worships it like a goddess," she said, smirking, "but every time I read his browser history lately it's videos of young amateurs, all innocence and lithe young bodies. He loves my curves, but we've been married awhile. Variety is the spice of life. Don't forget to put on a show; I'm counting on you!" She winked and flew out of the bathroom as quickly as she came. Jen looked in the mirror again, wondering if her face would stop being red at any point in the evening. She pursed her lips and modeled in the mirror for a minute, feeling confident and sexy. She could hear Don's muffled voice in the room "What were you on the poor girl about this time?"

A few hours later, the entire team sat around two large rectangular tables near the back of the relatively fancy restaurant, the entire area resounding with chatter and the giggles of over a dozen young athletic women. Don took a big gulp of his dark beer, sighing. He was simultaneously very content and very uncomfortable. His meeting earlier in the day had been stressful, and he hadn't seen Staci in days. After being married to her for the past several years his nymphomaniac habits had only been further entrenched in him....he was used to getting what he wanted whenever he wanted. Aside from the off-night or a cold, he was used to having Staci suck or fuck his balls empty at very least once every other day. Sometimes twice a day. If she didn't, he would become so moody even he recognized it. The pressure was building in him, and he had trouble keeping his mind off of it. He looked over at Staci, who gossiped in hushed tones to one of her players, directly across the table from him. Her green dress complimented her olive skin so nicely. Her breasts appeared as if they would fall out of it at any moment, but he didn't mind. The entire room around him was full of young women, not all of whom were attractive, but all of which were staring at him occasionally, or pointing and giggling with their clique.
