 Something occurred in my life and I just had to write about it. Actually something happened to my wife and I that was extraordinary.

And the story must be told.

We had a threesome.

Big deal? For us, it was a big deal. It will most probably never happen again and it probably shouldn't. It was an once-in-a-lifetime situation.

Here's some background information:

We are a very traditional couple. Mid thirties, house in the suburbs, two young children, summer barbeques, soccer, little league baseball, play dates; you know the type. You can often see us backing out of the driveway for weekend family outings in our minivan.

But let's back up a bit to the always-revealing college days; I had my share of one-night stands. Typical sloppy car-sex, drunkenness, groping for a bra strap here, panties there; we've all been there.

My wife, Jackie's, college days were definitely more spicy and adventurous. The fact that she was and still is very pretty and sexy was the largest influence on the events of her college days. Don't get me wrong; she was no slut at school. She had the guys chasing after her all the time because she had nice sized titties (C cups), tiny waist and a great ass.

In addition to her good looks she's always had a flirty, fun personality. Coming from a conservative family she was always careful to use protection when she had intercourse except for a couple of times with someone she categorized as a "boyfriend" pressured, begged and pleaded with her to have sex with her with no condom.

With guys that weren't classified as her boyfriend, she was always happy to give a blowjob when the kissing and cuddling got to be too much for them. That always seemed to satisfy them.

She confessed to me one night, after we had drank a few cocktails, that she thinks she may have given head to about 30 guys at college. It wasn't all of the sympathy variety either. Plain and simple, Jackie has always loved to suck cock. She also loves to have her pussy eaten. She had her share of that activity as well.

But that was our college days.

People grow up and settle down. People get serious about life.

We got serious about life. Concern over career, the house and children took over where once upon a time we were concerned with the opposite sex and studying for exams.

Things change. 

Even though we did grow up and settle down, we always had a good sex life. I, the typical man, could have sex anytime and almost anywhere. Jackie liked sex in more conventional settings. Usually she preferred to "do it" in the bed, missionary position. Sometimes doggie style until it became too uncomfortable on her knees.

Typical right?

When we had children, we decided that since I made good money that she would stay home with the kids; be a real mommy. 

Since we had no secrets from one another, she had no problem telling me of her favorite daytime activity.

Masturbation. Usually when she had some downtime. If the baby was taking a nap and the other child was at pre K, Jackie would pop a porn video into the VCR, take off her pants and panties and finger herself until she came. She did it so much that it became a regular part of her week. When she grew tired of our particular supply of porn videos, she would send me out to the nearest adult video store to get her something new. She would never, ever set one foot inside a store like that. She would send me out anytime, in all kinds of weather. Still does.

All this afternoon solitaire gave her a very active imagination. She developed an active fantasy sex life.

One evening over dinner she told me that her favorite fantasy was a three-some. Most of these fantasies involved her in the middle of two men. Some involved her with another man and woman.

But they were just that; Fantasy's. We both knew that they would always remain fantasies.

Or so we thought.

Her fantasy actually became a reality by complete accident.

Here's what happened: My friend Ron and I went out for a few drinks one Friday night after work. It was a happy-hour sort of thing. Just two guys shooting the shit about work and life in general. A baseball game was on the TV at the bar and since Ron and I were huge baseball fans we stayed until the last pitch. We had each had a few drinks too much and decided that we would walk back to my house rather than drive under the influence of alcohol.

I lived about two miles from the town and the bar that we were hanging out in. It was a nice walk on a beautiful summer evening. We spoke of baseball as we walked: who were today's best players, who was over-paid, what team's were the favorites to finish on top.

Ron and I go way back. We were children together. We grew up on the same street in our hometown. We had played board games together as kids. We played tag, baseball, football, guns. We had "sleep-over's."

Ron and I were the same type of person in many ways.

However, it was in high school that I noticed a glaring difference in the two of us. We were in the gym locker room changing into bathing suits for swim class when I noticed Ron's huge penis. Swim class; when students actually have to be naked for a nana-second to put on swimsuits. 

I remember talking to Ron about something unimportant as he changed into his trunks. When he bent lower to put his feet into the leg holes of his swimsuit, I looked down to meet his eyes and couldn't help but see how huge his dick was.

His limp cock dangled down to his knee. I mean this thing was gigantic and looked to be as thick as a salami. I remember feeling that I had a tiny penis compared to him.

So I did the usual thing: I began sneaking peaks at other boys limp penis's to see how I measured up. I was relieved to find out that I was just like everyone else. Ron was freak or something.

Later on in life, my girlfriends told me that I was actually not average sized, but a bit above average. Fully erect my penis measured just less than seven inches. When I learned that the average male measured five-and-one-half, I felt darned proud.

However, I digress.

We got back to my house and prepared the couch, in my finished basement, for Ron to sleep on for the night.

The next morning, Jackie went downstairs to do some laundry as Ron and I slept. She didn't notice him sleeping on the convertible couch until she was heading back upstairs after loading up the machine.

Later on she told me that at first she was startled to see a naked man sleeping downstairs. She said he was partially covered by the blanket I had given him, but most of his nude body was exposed. It was the first time she had seen another man's naked body for about 10 years, other than those on porn videos. She tried not to look at his penis out of respect for his privacy, but she had to steal a glance anyway. Her mouth hung open in shock when she saw how big it was.

Thoughts ran through her mind like, 'could that thing fit inside her vagina, it was so big that she wanted to try and suck it. She wanted to hold it in her hands; see if she could get her hands completely around its girth.

She felt a trickle of vaginal wetness run down her leg and sheepishly banished these thoughts from her mind and went back upstairs to resume her chores.

Now Jackie was horny.

When I woke up, Jackie was fixing breakfast for us. She informed me that Ron had woken up and had put on last night's clothes again. She suggested he take a shower and gave him a pair of sweatpants and a T-shirt from my closet to wear.

I went downstairs for a quick shower in the other bathroom and the three of us enjoyed a nice breakfast together on our deck in our back yard.

Jackie had made a batch of frozen margaritas with our blender and we sipped them and made chitchat as we lounged outside.

Jackie had never met Ron before and was very interested in the stories of our history as friends. Through Ron's eyes she wanted to know what I was like as a kid and what my personality was like in high school and college.

Ron asked Jackie about her history as well. The conversation was light hearted and fun and we drank batch after batch of margaritas.

When I mentioned to Jackie that our kids were extremely quiet this morning she shot me a look. I had completely forgotten that the kids were over their grandparent's house for the day. They had slept over last night and were visiting the zoo today.

As we got more and more tipsy the conversation become more and more spicy.

After Ron revealed that he was not married, Jackie asked him what it was like to be a swinging single.

Ron confessed that the single life was not all it was cracked up to be. He was a policeman and worked a lot of evenings. He confessed that he didn't really have much time for woman. 

I don't recall how the conversation turned to the subject of our favorite sexual positions, but soon we were speaking of things like this.

"I really don't have a favorite position," said Ron and he took a sip of his frozen drink. "As a matter of fact sex has always been a problem for me."

Jackie looked it him and raised an eyebrow, "Problem? How could sex ever be a problem?"

"Well," Ron replied, "woman have always had a problem with the size of my penis," His face reddened in obvious embarrassment.

Jackie, concealing her knowledge of Ron's Penis size, raised an eyebrow and asked, "too big or too little?"

"Too big," Ron shrugged his shoulders and smiled sheepishly.

Jackie burst out in laughter at this statement. "You men are all the same. It's always about your penis size. You guys are always either bragging about how big you are, or are insecure that you're too small down there. Well I've got news for your guys: You are all about the same size."

When Ron mentioned his penis size I then remembered the high school locker room revelation. I had completely forgotten about that.

"Not me," said Ron. "I'm not like all other men. I'm much bigger than most."

It was the alcohol talking, giving her courage when Jackie said: "Why don't you put your money where your mouth is? Prove it." She giggled and said, "Let's go inside and measure it. I've got a tape measure in the house."

"No way!" said Ron. "I'd be too embarrassed."

"Come on, big boy," Jackie taunted. "I'm a grown woman. I've seen them all. Whip it out and let's measure you." Then she smiled devilishly and said, "Unless you're afraid…"

"I'm not afraid, Jackie. But I am uncomfortable with exposing myself while the two of you are fully clothed."

I was sitting there during this conversation smiling and thinking to myself that Jackie was in for a hell of a surprise if Ron agreed to let her measure his penis. Jackie enjoyed deflating men's egos. She was a psychologist, and a good one at that, before we had children and she became a mother and housewife. 

I enjoyed the thought of defeating her in this game of "lets bruise the men's egos."

I didn't know that Jackie had seen Ron this morning on the couch. She told me that little fact later that day.

"Fair enough," said Jackie, "if you have to take off your pants, I'll remove mine too!" She was challenging him, knocking down his defenses one at a time.

She was surprised when he agreed.

"But what's the bet," said Ron, "I said 'I'm big,' and you said 'we are all the same size.' So let's first define what "big" is."

"Agreed," she answered. She thought for a moment. "Okay. We can establish that the average man is about five to six inches fully erect right? Since your are willing to take this challenge then I can deduce that you're larger than five inches…but how much more is the question?"

Ron didn't answer her, but rather looked at me and asked, "what do you think the parameters should be, Sam?"

I claimed that a person should be considered "big" if they measured about eight or more inches.

Jackie spoke up then, "Okay, I've got it: I say that you can't measure more than eight-and-one-half."

"I'll take that bet," answered Ron, "but first let me have another Margarita."

We all laughed and had another drink. Collectively we decided that the stakes of the bet would be that whomever lost had to cook a nice meal for the winner.

"Okay," said Jackie, "so what do you say, Ron? Care to make it official? Let's get the tape measure? Come on inside and let's go." Then she turned away and went inside.

We followed her into the house smiling. 

Jackie was in the den digging for the tape measure. We could hear her rummaging through junk drawers.

As we entered my living room Ron and I saw my wife shorts and panties crumpled onto the floor.

Ron swallowed hard nervously.

Jackie came into the room with a tape measure draped around her neck like a tailor.

She was indeed bottomless and barefoot. She was only wearing her tank top from this morning.

Jackie had a nicely trimmed bush. She had recently taken up the hobby of shaving her pubic hair off almost completely leaving a slim finger-thickness of hair above her vagina that looked like an exclamation point.

If she was indeed embarrassed by her bottomless ness you would never had known it by her attitude. She was bold and confident.

"Okay, Ron, drop 'em and let's see just how enormous you really are," Jackie spoke in an antagonistic voice.

Ron said nothing. He just pulled down his borrowed sweatpants. My sweatpants. He had no underwear on.

The site of Jackie's semi-nude body gave Ron a semi-hard-on.

As he stood there, Jackie squatted down and with raised eyebrows she mumbled, "not bad." 

Then she measured him, her hand brushing his penis as she held the tape measure. "It reads six inches, Ronnie. I'm afraid you lose the bet." She looked up at his face and said, "when are you cooking us dinner?"

"That's not fair," he replied as he laughed at her bruskness. "I'm not hard. If I was hard, I would win."

"We'll see about that," exclaimed Jackie and she suddenly licked the length of his shaft with her tongue.

Ron let out a partial moan and his cock began to harden.

Jackie didn't stop there. She put his cock in her mouth and began sucking on him, working her lips up and down the length. 

I was in shock. I couldn't believe what I was witnessing.

Ron had his head back in blowjob heaven. His cock was so thick that it literally stretched out Jackie's mouth. It was a wonder that she was able to take it inside her mouth at all.

I felt my cock hardening and I was becoming lightheaded.

I pulled off my shorts and underwear and slid down underneath my wife and buried my face inside her crotch. I ate at her clit and licked her lips and she was loving it.

Ron 's legs began to tremble with fatigue and Jackie pulled him down onto the floor until he was lying down. She then took her mouth off of his cock and it made a popping sound when it became dislodged.

I continued to eat my wife pussy.

She took the tape measure and measured him.

"Oh, m-my god," she said, "Y-you're just under eleven inches long!"

"I win," said Ron simply.

"I've gotta have this thing," she said as I continued to lick her clit.

Jackie began again to lick and suck hungrily on Ron's huge cock as I ate her pussy.

It was the ultimate three-some for her.

She came suddenly in a huge orgasm and began to moan.

Jackie always craved to be fucked after receiving oral from me and this afternoon was no different.

"Need to be fucked," she said. She was still down on all four's and I got up from underneath her and prepared to enter my wife from behind.

"No," she said breathing hard, "Not you this time, honey, okay? I've gotta have this gigantic dick inside me right now, okay?"

Then she reached behind herself, grabbed my penis and pulled me in front of her and began to suck me.

Ron got the message. He got behind her and slowly put his huge cock-head just inside the opening of Jackie's soaking pussy.

He had done this several times before and knew how to slowly enter a woman without hurting her.

As he eased his monster cock slowly, inch by inch, inside her she let out a gasp of air. She couldn't suck me anymore. Her head was tilted back, her mouth agape.

I had to see this for myself so I got up and went around to watch.

It was incredible. I watched him slowly back out of her and then slowly enter her repeatedly. Inch by inch disappeared inside her until her was completely in. It seemed impossible for her vagina to be able to take in his entire length, yet I was witnessing it first hand.

I was so turned on that began to stroke myself.

Jackie's head was still tilted back and she was breathing the words, "oh, my god…oh, my god…oh, my god."

He was completely filling her up. Her Clit was rubbing against his shaft because his girth was opening her up so much. She was in heaven.

I watched him fuck Jackie for about twenty-five minutes like that. She had another orgasms as he was kept up the pace. Then another orgasm rocked her and she almost was whimpering in satisfaction.

Suddenly groaned, "Cumming," as he exploded and pumped about a huge amount of his cum deep inside my wife's exhausted pussy.

He was still drilling her softly as the pace was slowing down. I felt my climax approaching and attempted to mimic the porn video's that Jackie had enjoyed so much on her afternoons alone by kneeling over her ass cheeks which were still raised in the air to receive Ron's thrusts and I ejaculated all over my wife's hind quarters.

It's obvious that I am not the jealous type of husband by my ability to watch what had just transpired. 

On the contrary; it was quite a turn on to see my beautiful woman fucked by another man. I enjoyed thinking of her as a sex-crazed woman.

That night as Jackie and I want to sleep for the night I silently hoped that one day the situation would arise again and we could have another threesome.

But I am doubtful that it could ever happen again.