 EDITOR'S NOTE: story contains bisexual male content. 

Authors note: I've written a story involving wife sharing and bisexuality. If this turns you on, please read on. As always, I look forward to your comments, and hearing from anyone via PM if they'd like to chat more.

*

Cassie stood at the sink washing the dinner dishes, feeling pretty loose from the drinks she'd had. Her husband Jack was laughing it up with his buddy Dave in the living room. Dave was a nice guy, and definitely easy on the eyes. But he had a habit of openly flirting with Cassie every chance he got. 

Jack didn't seem to mind, and often egged him on. Tonight was no different. Dave had been eyeing her all night, and she must admit it flattered her a bit. But he was relentless. Just then the guys came into the kitchen to get some more beers. 

Dave made a point to come over to the sink to wash his hands, his body pressing into Cassie from behind. His cock wedged between her ass cheeks as he reached around her to wash. She just stood there, slightly annoyed yet slightly turned on. Jack saw this and just laughed, telling Dave to be sure to wash well. His cock started to grow, which Cassie felt. She pushed back slightly, enjoying the feeling, when Dave reached up to squeeze her tits.

Suddenly Cassie pushed him off her and spun around, she'd had enough. She decided to take charge of the situation. 

"Alright you two, in the living room, right now." 

Her tone startled the guys, and as they looked at her, they slowly walked back into the living room. 

"On the couch." she barked at them and they both sat down. 

"Ok Dave, it's obvious what you want, and Jack, you don't seem to mind at all. In fact, last time Dave came over and flirted with me, you and I fucked like crazy after he left, so you must enjoy it too. Tell you what boys, if you do as I say, you both might get lucky tonight. But first things first. Strip." 

They looked at her, turned on but not sure if she was messing with them. 

"Now!" she commanded, and that snapped the guys out of their trance.

They stood up and began undressing as Cassie took a seat across from them. She made a point to hike her dress up a bit so they could get a glimpse of her panties, which were starting to get moist. Jack was the first to remove his underwear, and his nice, if not impressive cock, was already hard. Dave was next, and as his briefs slid down his legs, out popped his cock, thicker and longer than Jacks, and just as hard. 

"I see you guys are enjoying yourselves already. Wow Dave, you've got a nice cock, even bigger than Jack's. Of course I know that excites Jack, he's always fantasized about a big cock like yours fucking me. But then I know Jack very well, I know deep down he'd like to play with a big cock like yours himself." 

Jack just stared back, stunned that she sensed this about him. 

"Come on Jack, it's ok, I think it's hot. Not sure how Dave feels, but here's the deal. We can have some fun tonight, but only if you follow my rules. I want you boys to reach over and stroke each other's cocks." 

They didn't move, frozen in fear. 

"That was an order guys, or else I'll get up and walk away right now." 

Dave's hand went first, grabbing Jack's cock and pulling on it. No doubt he didn't want to blow his chance of fucking Cassie. Jack went next, grabbing Dave's big dick and pulling on it slowly. He had always wondered what it would be like to play with a guy, and as he stroked this dick, it was better than he had imagined. 

"Very nice, take your time boys. Here, let me give you some incentive." 

Cassie hiked her dress up and slowly pulled her panties off. Her pussy was in full view and she started fingering herself. This obviously turned Dave on, as he watched her the whole time. Jack had barely noticed, hypnotized by Dave's big cock. 

"Mmm, very nice. But Dave, when I fuck you, and I will fuck you, I want it to last. Jack, be a good boy and suck him off so he'll last longer with me."

They both startled at this, realizing another line was going to be crossed. But Jack kept stroking Dave's cock as he slid to the floor between Dave's knees.

Cassie stood up and walked over to the couch. As Jack got into position, Cassie reached up to the straps of her dress and pulled them off her shoulder, letting the dress fall to the floor. Dave gave a gasp as at the same time Jack began sucking his cock. 

Cassie reached a hand down and continued playing with her pussy as Jack kept sucking. Dave felt his orgasm growing, he was thrusting now into Jack's mouth. Cassie slipped a finger deep inside her, and then at the moment of truth, she slid her wet finger into Dave's mouth. 

That caused Dave to cum so hard, and Jack struggled to swallow it all as load after load was dumped into his mouth. Jack finally pulled off, but Cassie couldn't help but notice Dave's cock was still hard. Guess he liked that too she thought. 

"Wow Jack, you sucked him off like a pro, guess your secret is out." 

Cassie winked at him, and then realized his cock was harder than ever and needed release too. She had a wicked thought. 

"Mmm Dave, that was so nice of Jack to get you off, I think it's only fair if you help him out." 

Dave wasn't sure about going down on Jack, but as he kept staring at Cassie's incredible nude body, he started sliding to his knees. 

"I think you misunderstood me Dave. If you want to fuck me, you need to get fucked yourself first." 

Dave just sat there frozen. 

"Come on lover." Cassie said. "It's only fair. If you want to stick your big thick cock inside me, you need to take Jack's dick inside you first." 

As she said this she straddled Dave's lap, rubbing her pussy against his cock and leaning down to kiss him. She teased him like this for a minute before pulling off and standing up.

"On your knees Dave, bend over the couch!" she snapped. 

Dave did as he was told, and Jack didn't need any encouragement to move in behind him. 

"I knew you'd love this." Cassie said to Jack.

Jack began to finger Dave's hole, making Dave moan. Cassie left the room and came back with some lube. She squeezed some out and rubbed it all over Jack's dick. He moved forward and began to slowly push his cock into Dave's ass. 

Cassie couldn't believe how turned on she was herself as she saw his dick, with some effort, slide deep into Dave's ass. Dave groaned, trying to adjust to Jack's dick. Jack began fucking Dave, and they both moaned as they got into a rhythm. Dave was pushing back now, he was fucking Jack as much as he was being fucked. 

"Wow, seems like you guys like this, guess you'll have to do this more often. What do you say Dave, can Jack fuck you again sometime?" 

Dave groaned but Cassie wanted an answer. 

"I can't hear you!" she barked. 

"Yes, god yes, he can fuck me whenever he wants, as long as I get to fuck you." Dave said. 

"I think Jack would agree to that, right Jack?" Cassie asked.

"Fuck yeah, you can fuck her all you want as long as I get your tight ass!" 

Jack groaned and gave a final thrust as he shot his load deep in Dave's ass. He kept pumping for another minute, then pulled out and collapsed on the couch. David turned around, looking at Cassie. 

"Wow, ok big guy, you earned this pussy. I'm all yours." she said.

Dave was fully hard as Cassie straddled his lap again, this time sinking right onto his pole. He slid in easily, she was soaking wet at this point. She rode his big cock, leaning down to kiss him. Their tongues danced as their bodies moved together. 

"Come on Dave, fuck me hard." she said. 

He pushed her off, wild with lust, and pushed her to the floor on her back. He grabbed her legs and put them up on his shoulders as he pushed his thick tool deep inside her. 

"Is this what you want?" he asked. 

"Fuck yeah, keep going, give it to me hard." Cassie said, feeling her orgasm approaching.

Dave kept thrusting hard, lasting longer than they both would have thought. He pulled out and had her flip over to her hands and knees, driving his cock into her from behind like an animal now. They were both grunting and groaning as Dave gave one final thrust and growled out his orgasm. This caused Cassie to go over the edge, and as she felt his warm cum shoot inside her, her whole body shook with her own orgasm. 

They both collapsed, Dave's cock still inside her. He finally pulled out as they all laid there, catching their breath. They all looked at each other and smiled, everyone satisfied yet hungry for more.